Channel:   sean-hannity-show
Title:     Elon Musk, SpaceX, and the Future of America
URL:       https://open.spotify.com/episode/7wpA4O8IhB1vcW9baYvMnE
Published: 2026-07-08
Note:      Radio interview, guest host Gov. Greg Abbott (Sean Hannity Show, iHeart). Transcribed locally with faster-whisper (small) from the show's podcast MP3; Musk segment (01:45-14:24 of the episode) hand-cleaned with speaker labels.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

ABBOTT: Welcome back to the Sean Hannity Show. I am Texas Governor Greg Abbott, and I am your guest host today. And very excited that we have a first-time caller to the Sean Hannity Show. But to set it up, I want to call for Cut 97.

[clip: broadcast audio of a SpaceX booster catch — "We're now down to three Raptor engines... We can see those chopsticks now... We've just witnessed history."]

ABBOTT: Well, that was the world watching in amazement at the stunning accomplishment to catch a rocket that SpaceX had previously launched as it returned to Earth. Many Americans have seen the marvels of SpaceX, but really don't know much about what SpaceX is actually doing in their lives right now. And there is nobody better in the world — I should say maybe in the universe — to describe that than none other than Elon Musk. Elon, welcome to the Sean Hannity Show.

MUSK: Thank you for having me.

ABBOTT: Listen, you know, I've talked before about your vision and about what you're doing, and I know that you have visited with those who have invested in SpaceX about what you're doing, but the truth is probably most of our Americans across the country really don't know much about what SpaceX is actually doing to affect their lives. Can you give us a short explanation about what SpaceX actually is doing right now for the average American?

MUSK: Yeah, so SpaceX launches satellites that provide communication, especially the Starlink internet system. So Starlink provides global high-bandwidth internet connectivity. So throughout the world, if you're anywhere from Texas to the North Pole or the South Pole or in the middle of the ocean, you can get high-bandwidth, low-latency internet connectivity. And it's the only such system that exists in the world. So that's the main thing that we launch with SpaceX. Then SpaceX also is the main provider to NASA for transporting astronauts to and from the space station, as well as resupplying the space station with cargo and bringing scientific experiments to and from the space station. So in fact, our Dragon spacecraft is the only spacecraft that is qualified by NASA to transport astronauts to and from the space station besides the Russian Soyuz system. So we transport both US and international astronauts to and from the space station.

ABBOTT: So for those Starlink deployments, about how many launches do you have a year, and about how many satellites do you have across the universe?

MUSK: Yeah, so SpaceX right now delivers about 85% of all the payloads to orbit of Earth. Of the remaining 15%, most of that is China — I think they're probably about 8% — and then roughly 7% is the rest of the world, including the rest of the US. So SpaceX transports almost 10 times as many satellites to orbit as the rest of the world combined.

ABBOTT: So after you move on from deploying satellites, as you cast your vision toward the next 10 years — which, by the way, every time I talk to you, it seems like you're constantly thinking 10 or even 20 or more years ahead — what do you see SpaceX doing 10 years from now?

MUSK: Well, hopefully we've established a base on the moon. And not just a base with a small number of people — in 10 years hopefully we've enabled thousands, if not tens of thousands, of people to go to the moon. It's going to seem like a pretty outrageous number, given that there's only about a dozen or so people that have been to the moon so far, but our Starship system is designed to carry ultimately tens of thousands of tons to the moon, to create effectively a city on the moon, and ultimately a city on Mars as well. And the overarching goal of SpaceX is to expand life and consciousness as we know it beyond Earth, to the rest of the solar system, and eventually to other star systems.

ABBOTT: So how many years from now would it take to actually build a city on the moon? What are we talking about — five, 10 years, more or less?

MUSK: Yeah, I think we'll have landed our first people on the moon in less than five years. If things go well, we might be able to put the first astronauts on the moon in two to three years, and then expand rapidly from there, so that in say 10 years from now, there are thousands of people on the moon. We want to ultimately make it such that anyone who wants to go to the moon — like any member of the public that wants to go to the moon — can go to the moon, and go to Mars.

ABBOTT: So, a person who wants to go to the moon — you know, we see astronauts go up there and they stay there for a couple of days and come back. But you're talking about a city on the moon. So when you are talking 10 years from now and people are going to the moon, will they be staying there for weeks, months, years? What would it be like?

MUSK: Yes, I think it's up to the person. They may wish to go for a vacation on the moon, or they may wish to move permanently to the moon, depending on the individual. But I think it would be very cool to have a full-blown self-sustaining city on the moon — like an actual metropolis on the moon. So the way to think about it is: we want to make the things that people see in science fiction not fiction. We want to make them real and become a true spacefaring civilization, where we're out there among the stars. And I think that's a very inspiring future. That's one where I think people can really look forward to it. And there need to be things in life that are not just about solving one miserable problem after another. We need to solve the problems of Earth, of course, but we also need things that inspire us about the future and make us glad to be alive. And, you know, I think it'd be a heck of a honeymoon trip to take a trip to the moon. You know — honey, let's not go to Singapore, let's go to the moon this year.

ABBOTT: That's something in the future. So, another thing that I've heard you talk about is building data centers in space. Is that something that's going to be a reality? And if so, when?

MUSK: Yeah, I think the way to expand compute is really in space. There's a lot of room in space. And if you look at the size of Earth relative to the sun, or relative to the solar system, you realize just how tiny it is. It's very, very tiny. We only receive about half a billionth of the sun's energy. So you can really think of Earth as being like a tiny dust mote in a vast darkness. So the way to expand compute without using up all the land on Earth is to do so in space. And then you can do it without using space for power and water on Earth — you can just do it in space. So I think we'll probably be launching our first AI satellites next year, and then we'll be able to do that at large scale in about two years.

ABBOTT: That's just incredible. Well, listen, you're such an inspiring individual, and you have accomplished so much, and you still have so much ahead of you. But you inspire different people in different ways. And one of which is what happened in the aftermath of SpaceX becoming a public company, where people could go to the stock exchange and buy SpaceX stock. And when that happened, it suddenly made fortunes for longstanding SpaceX employees. And there was a story that I'm sure you've heard about and know about very well. And that is — it was about a welder who I think began working for SpaceX in 2015, making about $28 an hour, who, when SpaceX became a public company, became a millionaire. What do you think it means to the American dream that welders at SpaceX can work hard and then become independently wealthy, because they work for such a remarkable business like SpaceX?

MUSK: Yeah, well, I've always had the philosophy that everyone at the company should receive stock in the company, so that they can participate in the upside of the company. And it's great for aligning incentives as well — as the company prospers, the people at the company, the employees, also prosper. So that's just been my philosophy from day one: make sure everyone gets stock in the company. So there are, I think, several thousand people — it's not just one welder, it's several thousand people who were working on the production line. And if they started at the company relatively early, then their stock is probably worth over a million dollars at this point.

ABBOTT: Just astonishing. Listen, you've been fabulous. I got two more quick questions for you. You mentioned Mars earlier. What does the Mars timeline look like with regard to what you want to accomplish there? Are we talking more than 10 years, 20 years — give us an approximation.

MUSK: Yeah, so Mars is much harder to get to than the moon. And you can only travel to Mars roughly every two years — the Earth and Mars, the planets, align such that you can travel to Mars only once every 26 months. So that makes it a lot harder than the moon, where you can go to the moon pretty much anytime. And it only takes a few days to get to the moon, whereas it takes about six months to get to Mars. So that's why we can do the moon faster than we can do Mars. But I think, if things go well, we can probably send the first people to Mars in about five years, and then rapidly increase the cadence of sending people to Mars thereafter. So every two years we would dramatically increase the number of ships going to Mars, and hopefully in the 10-or-12-year timeframe we've sent thousands of people to Mars.

ABBOTT: Just astonishing. Well, listen, you've been a great guest — and a great Texan, I must add. We're proud that you are in Texas. We're proud that SpaceX is headquartered in Texas. I'm going to quote you here about something you said at the announcement of Terafab — that all of your exes live in Texas. And of course, Starbase, Texas is in the Lone Star State, and will be known not just around the world but, pursuant to your aspirations, around the universe. And so I got a really tough question for you. And that is: now that you have all these Texas connections, can we finally get a Texas flag emoji on your platform X?

MUSK: Sure, I will ask the team to make a Texas flag emoji. And we've got a giant Texas flag — I'm here at the Giga Texas factory right now. We've got a big Texas flag — an American flag and a Texas flag — just right outside the building. And certainly I'd like to thank you and everyone for all the support we've got in Texas. It's a great state to do business in. It's super supportive, and I think really emblematic of American values. So I love being here, and I love being a Texan.

ABBOTT: Well, thank you. We're very proud of you. Keep up your great work, and maybe we'll see you on the moon one day.

MUSK: All right, sounds good. Take care.
