Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla Boyz !
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mxx-ADh5HLU
Published:   2025-12-11 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 08:04 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk just made a major announcement
yesterday. He was saying that actually
uh Tesla has solved unsupervised
autonomy, unsupervised FSD and that he
thinks that in 3 weeks that's when that
we will have um no one else in the car
in the Austin robo taxis. And then
yesterday he also came out and he said
that Whimo
that in retrospect Whimo will not be
seen as a competitor to Tesla. So, these
are two pretty confident, definitive
statements. And so, I think today we're
going to have a fun time just chatting
about that. We got Nick Gibbs here from
Investing Against the Grain. He looks
like he's having a relaxing day
somewhere in the fire. What happened to
the fire? The fire was running there.
Is it Did it go out? [laughter]
Fireside chat, Nick.
&gt;&gt; Hey, go to Brian first. I'm listening
for the rate cut right now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Ray cut. Ray cut.
&gt;&gt; Then I can tell you the the the fire has
been extinguished. Uh I assume you
wanted me to talk on the same subject.
So [laughter]
&gt;&gt; yeah, talk on the same subject.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is uh this is
we were pretty excited at the
shareholder meeting about the things we
heard about autonomy, but we heard some
things that uh would naturally lead to
some skepticism. this is a done deal.
We're going to be uh without supervisors
in the car by uh the end of the year.
Well, it's almost the end of the year.
Yesterday morning, I got up and and I
was very very sad. I thought, "Oh, it's
December. Why won't Elon tell us when
that's actually going to be?" And of
course, my prayers were answered. Elon
had a thing or two to say about it. Uh
what did he say about it, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Let's listen. Let's watch it.
Um
so um the uh
&gt;&gt; so place is is pretty much sold at this
point. Um so there will be uh there will
be Tesla robo taxis operating in Boston
with no one in them um not even anyone
in the passenger seat um in about 3
weeks.
Yeah,
[applause]
&gt;&gt; I think it's it's a pretty much a solved
problem. We're just going to validation.
Um and the that will be done with um
with with a quite a small model. Um the
this model that's ordered larger that
will um probably be deployed in Lake Jan
or February. Um and that uh so so we'll
achieve a safety level sufficient that
there's no one in the car that can drive
around um with the current model size
and then the order of magnitude greater
bottle size that gets that goes out in
general.
So even let's just make it even better.
Um, and then we're going to um add
reasoning reasoning and um
and a lot of RL. Um,
so the car is going to get
several times better than I do at
driving. and it it might get to 10x but
even with with the AI4 algorithm part
and um and uh close to completing the
design of AI5 which will be by some
metrics about 40 times better than AI 4
but [clears throat] all things
considered probably at least 10 or 11
times better
um and that but that's that's probably
one direction of 27
and then AI will follow up that pretty
quickly. Um,
and then, uh,
I think to get to serious scale, Tesla
will probably need to build a gigantic
chip pad like Tesla teropath.
Um,
yeah, to have to have like a few hundred
g
of AI chips per year,
I don't see that people coming online
fast enough. So it's probably requires
building.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you very much for your
time.
&gt;&gt; Okay guys, do you guys believe what he's
saying? This time around the
unsupervised FSD is solved. And then he
said that in 3 weeks we're going to have
no one on the car. He said that
something like that before also. But
then he said large model in January,
February. Then he started talking about
AI5 in 2027, AI 6 in 2028. these things
we already knew about. Um, thoughts on
the things he said there?
&gt;&gt; Well, I would say that [clears throat]
solved is uh you and I have a show
coming up about this. What does solved
mean? It means something different to
different people. Uh, can it do
[clears throat] everything everywhere
every time?
Maybe not, but doesn't need to. If
there's a tricky intersection, it can
just skip it. Uh Whimo's approach to the
blind left turn or the unprotected left
I guess it's called is to just take a
bunch of rights instead and that works
too. Uh you can
we've seen uh Tesla doing things that
other cars can't. Jason Kamisa uh shared
on a podcast the other day that how
incredibly good it is. He said it took
him into a parking lot that was too
narrow. That was uncomfortably narrow
and tight and parked. It just parked and
we're here. This is where you wanted to
go, right? Yeah. So, it's um the thing
with timelines is the farther out in the
future they are, the less believable
they are to me, especially when it's
something that's never been done before.
But when you say something is a few
weeks out, that means it's already
internally sorted out. That means
there's just a few lingering things they
just need to doublech checkck for
safety. But if all goes as expected,
it's done. It's like when Ashock shares
his timelines, he only goes out a few
months because that's how far out he can
see. And when Ashock makes a prediction,
it's not a prediction. It's a projection
based on the schedule, the calendar that
he has in front of him. So this is to me
very encouraging.
Hey, I'm back.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What did Paul do?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we regain another quarter
basis rate cut as expected. Um, huge
descents in the SCP. So, essentially the
projections for the next quarter um on
the dot plots on what people think are
going to happen or what the different
governors believe is going to happen.
The most notable thing before obviously
Pal starts speaking,
we are going right into quantitative
easing. They're going to be buying $40
billion in in bills and so uh like I'm
sure drone pow will try to spin this to
be something else but it's quantitative
easing. Uh so they're going right into
QE. So that's extremely interesting. Uh
was not expecting that. So I think this
you're going to have a lot of questions
around that probably during uh uh with
the Fed speaking but in other words
liquidity is getting pumped into the
market again.
&gt;&gt; That's all good news. All good news. Um
I mean some of it might have already
been expected. What's that?
&gt;&gt; Well, we'll see.
&gt;&gt; The stock appears to have jumped 1% in
the last couple minutes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, did it?
&gt;&gt; I imagine that's probably unrelated.
That's uh probably because of uh
something Gary Black said.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, [snorts]
&gt;&gt; I tease Gary. I tease him.
&gt;&gt; Uh but let's talk about more pressing
things. Uh you were asking uh Brian if
uh we believe Elon, right? essentially
on his statements. And
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think uh we talked about last
week
&gt;&gt; where I was I think I I distinguished it
between robo taxi and
&gt;&gt; selfrobo taxi where we're at two
different places. Robo taxi in a Uber
type fashion I I believe just as Elon
said I think it's done. I think it's
complete. I think it's ready to go. But
for the individual, you know, like if
you want to park in a garage, if you
want to specifically park somewhere and
you want to make sure that's not a
handicap spot or that it's not toway
zone or that, hey, it's a two-hour
parking or a meter, right? I think all
those things they still need to work on.
Uh even the little things, you know,
like if I'm going to park somewhere
there's a meter, the Tesla should be
working incorporating in the software
with the different companies, you know,
like for us where I live, it's Park
Mobile, right? they should have a
interface with those so that it can
automatically tag into my credit card,
right? All those nice little
experiences. So I think for to be fully
fully complete and actually say it's
done for the individual, I think we're
we're just right there. We got some
tweaks to do, but for road taxi, as far
as I can tell, the car does it every
single day. Point to point, no problems,
no issues.
&gt;&gt; So I I I don't I think he's I think he's
accurate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I so normally I wouldn't believe
everything that Elon says. Uh he's often
um mistaken in terms of time and so
forth and he's very optimistic. But that
when he says FS solved I am driving FSE
and it's driving me for the last 7
months and when I see it it's in my mind
it's solved because I have not had a
critical disengagement for seven months
straight and I've driven it to Canada,
Portland, Vancouver, Seattle, all over
the place. every night, every day we go
to some restaurant, it goes there and
back. No dis critical disengagements.
So, if it can do that in all of these
states and then it's doing it in Cal in
California and it's doing it in um in
Austin and it's doing it in your state,
Nick, and your uh well, we happen to
live in the same state, Brian, you know,
and all all of our friends are in
different countries even. Um yeah, so
here's the thing, right? the stats from
both Whimo and Tesla, they've had enough
data points to show that it is safer
than a human. Now, there's no longer
debate whether it's safer than a human.
The question is these little tiny things
like can it park properly and those kind
of scenarios whether or not you would
call it solved. For me, solve refers to
safety versus human driving. And the
last pieces of, oh, does it do the
parking garage or does it park properly
and little things like speed? Uh, you
know, I wish it was 5 miles slower. If
you just adjust and I don't want to move
my thumb to make it go slower. I wish it
knew to do those things. Those are not
concerns whether or not this thing is
solved or not. What's solved is is it
safer driving than a human. I think
Well, can I push back on that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, actually, like you say,
&gt;&gt; you I've done four rides. I've done
another eight, five rides, uh, 10 rides
in total, and it's been perfect. And
I've not heard of anybody who's been
doing robo taxi rides in in Austin
having an issue. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, Nick's going to push back. Let's
go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I was just going to say I I
I don't know if I would
I want to strengthen what you're trying
to say rather than just leaving it open
the door for criticism, but you can't I
I don't think that you you you want to
say that it's just a safety thing. Is it
safer or not? Because it can be safer
but be extremely jerky and unpleasant
ride and everyone gets carick. Well,
that wouldn't be considered solved,
would it?
&gt;&gt; Sure it is.
&gt;&gt; No, I'm with you on this one.
&gt;&gt; Solved. No, I don't think no one
&gt;&gt; Sure is. If no one's going to Yeah.
Okay. Well, uh, two to one. You've been
outvoted. Uh, Herbert, you've been
eliminated. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; You may put out your flame.
&gt;&gt; Is the car driving itself? Is it safer
than a human?
&gt;&gt; Well, but the car should be like
as good as a best driver in the world.
It's like it's it
push back driving works.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to push back on the know that
the car is actually very comfortable to
drive in. So that's not it's like we're
talking about the final bits of comfort,
not that it's like so jerky and because
it's not doing that. So
&gt;&gt; where's the safety stats that says
unsupervised is safer than a human?
&gt;&gt; Oh, so so first of all, yeah, Whimo has
released all of their data and that has
been very clear now that it is safer
than a human. Tesla has said that their
data is seven uh seven times safer than
a human and so we're waiting
&gt;&gt; on supervised or unsupervised.
Well, supervised FSD. Yeah. Right. But
you and I different product.
&gt;&gt; It is absolutely different product. So
this this question of whether or not you
believe Elon when he says that
unsupervised FSE is solved, then that
means you're believing that he's saying
that unsupervised FSE is safer than a
human. Now, much safer than human, not
just safer. And the I'm saying I believe
that without the actual data because you
and I are driving it ourselves and we
know that that's the case that it is
safer than uh when I drive by myself.
And then the you know that these guys
have the data. They already have the
data. They will release it and they're
going to get approval because of it. So
that's whether or not you believe it or
not, but one day they will. And I'm not
doubting it anymore.
&gt;&gt; So yesterday it tried to uh turn the
wrong direction on a one-way street. uh
that I would call um a critical
disengagement. So, uh while that's the
kind of mistake I could see a
16-year-old doing, a new driver of any
age doing, um and there were no cars
around, it's not like there was head-on
traffic that maybe it would have gotten
out there and immediately realized its
mistake and corrected it, but I wasn't
going to find out. So I would I would
say that
&gt;&gt; we're not saying again that it is solved
in every country and every street that
you decide to take it on. It is solved
in any state that they want to say that
they can do it for sure that they have
already made sure that there's no going
to be oh that's a a one-way street that
we got to make sure we don't make that
mistake. But uh that's the thing is that
you and I are driving it in, you know,
all of us are driving it in multiple
states, in multiple countries, and
everybody's freaking out because they
can see that it's pretty well close to
solve, meaning it's already safer than
them driving in that city. Now, will it
make a mistake like that? And they won't
do that until they they won't release it
there. Uh and they won't call it
unsupervised, and they won't call it
robo taxi until they've got that figured
out. [laughter] C
&gt;&gt; can I just say two things real quick? I
I don't mean to play a game of semantics
here, but I do think there's a
difference between solve and 710x times
safer than a human. I I think I don't
think those are cool.
&gt;&gt; And I would say like Brian's situation
like I fully believe that that happened,
but I also literally last week had
someone going down a one way straight
into me and luckily the Tesla like
stopped like hey wrong way like clearly
new to the area just didn't know. But
that's a very human mistake to do. So I
I I do think
&gt;&gt; and that's what the cars are trained on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So exactly. So I still think those
things will happen and that doesn't mean
that it's not solved ready for robo
taxi. I I would say like it's going to
happen. If humans do that, they do that.
Um
&gt;&gt; it's about the stats, right? Like is it
is it safer than a human? Is it 10 times
still exist? You still will have
accidents. But do you want 440,000
deaths per year or do you want 5,000
deaths per year?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm just trying. Do you call it
only solved if it's zero deaths? 100%
zero deaths or is it less deaths?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyways,
&gt;&gt; I didn't have that power.
&gt;&gt; I know you're talking about right now.
What [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I do think that uh I I believe that in
the next three to six weeks that they
are going to take out the driver. I do
think that they're going to expand to
new cities. Um I I think they're right
there. I think really what they're
working on is like what they said on the
earnings call, just the software behind
the software, right? The the logistics
essentially the Uber piece of it, right?
Where Uber has, you know, where we where
should we pick people up? Where's a
safer spot to pick someone up? or should
we drop people off? What? Like, yeah, I
know. Okay, this threelane highway, we
don't want to drop someone. Let's just
pull into this parking lot, you know,
and do they even if the person has to
walk a little bit, it's worth it. It's
just a better spot. Like those little
things. Um how, you know, the the flow
of congestion and not, you know, is
there a concert or is there no concert?
Is it 3:00 a.m.? How many vehicles do we
want out there versus like a concerts
getting out right away? What do we want
there? Where do we position during those
events? I think that's the kind of thing
they're working on at this point. the
software behind the software.
&gt;&gt; I think it's all very exciting. I think
the demos we've seen in Europe are the
most exciting piece of the puzzle. And
despite there having been hundreds,
thousands of rides already, I think
there was over 700 just in Australia
when they did their 3-day demo.
&gt;&gt; So, I imagine that we're looking at
worldwide thousands of uh FSD drives.
Now, the one thing I have not heard from
any of those uh writers is of a single
disengagement,
which is uh so upsetting that Nick can't
be here for it. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; He disengaged.
&gt;&gt; He disengaged. That was But that wasn't
safety critical. Actually, he can tell
us when he gets back. But I have not
heard in the comments, maybe you guys
have heard of someone in one of those
European test drives, Australian test
drives of having uh had a disengagement,
but I have not. And that to me is huge.
The word is getting out. These people
will tell their friends. They're already
telling the news. They're already on
social media talking about it, bragging
about it. And it means that uh the the
psychological tide I see has shifted.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I I see some people make comments and
they'll say, "Oh, um the car drove 10
miles over the speed limit." Or I just
saw one here. Somebody goes, "Oh, I
still disengage because uh when it gets
near the exit of the highway, it takes
its time before it gets in there." Okay.
Well, what's what setting are you on? If
you put it on chill, it will hug the
right side and it will take its time and
it's not going to try to do these kinds
of things. You got to put in the right
setting.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah. I get annoyed when I hear anyone.
&gt;&gt; That to me is not a disengagement.
That's not a critical disengagement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Style. I I get it. I um drive
differently than my son. I drive
differently than you. If you and I were
in a full meat driven car,
[clears throat] I'm sure we would look
at each other's driving styles and go,
"That's not how I'd [laughter] do it."
Now, I wouldn't reach over and
disengage. I think that would be
hilarious and dangerous. [laughter] Uh,
but just, you know, it I did see someone
in the comments of one of my videos say,
"No, it needs to drive the way I drive."
And I say, "No, it doesn't. It doesn't.
If it's going to copy every individual
driving style, and let's say it could,
probably could with enough compute, um,
what we're going to get is a bunch of
bad drivers. I want fewer bad drivers.
New York Times published a study this
week showing that if just 30 to 40% of
cars were automated,
it could reduce traffic deaths to almost
zero. uh because not everyone has to. We
just got to get enough people into the
safety zone uh for the rest of traffic
to follow. Um and especially when you
consider
uh and I've said this before, too many
people look at the worst that
self-driving does and compare it to
their own best driving. And that's the
wrong metric. I compare self-driving to
my worst driving, my most tired, my most
distracted, my most mentally checked out
driving, whatever that may be. And I
say, I've had times when I get back from
the airport and I'm in the car and I'm
thinking, why isn't it changing lanes?
And it's cuz there's someone in my blind
spot that I didn't see. That's good
because I would have changed lanes. Uh,
and that's the safety I appreciate.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. So, let's play this game. We
did it last time. Okay, Nick and uh
Brian, you guys are now the head I've
appointed you the head of regulation for
all of, you know, driving rules and you
can make any decision you want.
&gt;&gt; Uh what would you do?
&gt;&gt; First of all, Taco Tuesday. So,
[laughter] let's get that out there.
&gt;&gt; Cuz I if I Okay, I'll stick my head out.
If I was in charge right today with FSD
version 14.2.1, 2.1 I would roll it out
to every car and I would allow I'd make
every car do it now. I would approve it
right now. I would say FC solved. Why?
Because yeah, once in a while it will go
into the wrong lane like you said, uh
Brian, yes, once in a while it will take
the wrong thing, but at the end of the
day, it is safer than human and it's
going to cut cut the it is it will cut
deaths. And uh as far as I'm concerned,
even if it's um I don't know, let's say
there's 440,000 deaths last year, if it
was 10,000 deaths less, I would turn it
on now. Now, others will say, "Nope, no,
no, no. Even one death is is you do not
turn this on." And I'm telling you, you
have blood in your hands. If you're a
journalist writing articles, if you
don't say that this is something that we
should be working on pushing forward
instead of stopping it, you have blood
in your hands today because proven both
Whimo and Tesla have proven that is
safer than human.
&gt;&gt; Let's take it back one half step from
there. Why is the, you know, well,
should we allow cars to have automatic
emergency braking? I didn't tell the car
to break, right? Yeah. So, first of all,
yes, you should allow automatic
emergency braking. Is it going to have
false positives? Sometimes, maybe. But
it's safer. Uh, or did you get all bent
out of shape when anti-lock braking
became a thing? My stepdad's 94 Dodge
Ram had uh anti-lock brakes, and I
guarantee you I could stop in less
distance than that truck. Should they
have not approved it? No. It was still
safer. It just wasn't as safe as I would
have liked it to be. It was an early
system. It immediately got better within
a few years. It was a great system and
in today's technology they would have
updated it over the air to make it even
better. Uh but this is just I mean it's
safety is safety. And you say if it's
just 10,000 I say if it's just 10 if we
can save any lives. These are real
lives. These are real people. I know
they look like numbers on a spreadsheet.
So you you would um as commissioner you
would
&gt;&gt; as global uh driving commissioner I
would say approve it. Approve it. If
you're going to approve all these other
safety features this is a safety
feature. There is no data that says it
is more dangerous to operate with FSD.
Um so yeah approve it. That's me.
&gt;&gt; Who who am I in this situation?
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I think you're still Nick but now you're
on fire.
&gt;&gt; Who am I?
No, I think you're the regulatory body
who determines whether or not FSD is
legal in your market.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think FSD is well, at least in
the states, it's legal everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Not FSD. I'm saying unsupervised. I'm
not saying I'm saying
&gt;&gt; supervised.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; what are you saying?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Much of the world doesn't have FSD.
Would you allow autonomous cars to exist
unsupervised?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, that's where I wouldn't do
what you're talking about with
unsupervised. I would I would slowly
phase it in. I wouldn't just say, "Yep,
go." Because we don't have that kind of
data at that scale for unsupervised. So
I think you have to go say Austin
&gt;&gt; Austin Dallas Austin Dallas San Antonio
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; Austin Dallas San Antonio suburbs in
that area
&gt;&gt; San Fran San Fran Palo Alto San Fran
Palto suburbs between San Fran Palatoto
LA suburbs between right like you want
to like I want it to be like a virus
expanding you know I don't want it to
just boom all at once because with Tesla
you kind of could in a sense just say,
"Yeah, go put your car in." And then
Tesla also has to still still have the
&gt;&gt; infrastructure and all that. Yeah. So,
just to be clear, yeah, I'm not saying
every car today should be doing it. I'm
saying do not stop it. Do not stop the
regulation. You should approve city by
city and and make it make it move like
you said, uh, test it out and make it
happen. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I want to go back if you don't
mind to what you're talking about
before. And I think people get lost in
the weeds or at least that's my generous
interpretation. Um it might just be that
people are being intellectually
dishonest with themselves and with
everyone else. But when you sit there
and you say, "Well, it's not ready. It's
going 5 miles over the speed limit." Or,
"I don't like how it drives." All that.
The reason I say it's
intellectually dishonest at at worst,
you know, in the worst case and just,
you know, lack of understanding
uh best case is that
you don't actually use that metric
whenever you get into an Uber and a
taxi. You don't even use that metric. If
Brian's driving, I'm in the passenger
seat. At no point are you looking at
what the speed limit is he going? At no
point am I s like I might in my head be
like, "Oh, surprised he took that turn
instead of the next one." You might have
a little critiques like that. You might
say like, "Uh, yeah, I guess this is
fine to drop me off here, right?" And
it's like, you're not going to be like,
"Well, actually, no, go up here and take
a right and drop me off there." Like,
normally you don't. It's like Uber will
say, "Is this good here?" You'll be
like, "Uh, yeah, sure. Good enough. I'll
just be quick." You know? So, you're not
using the same standard, I don't think.
And so, that's why to me there are two
different pictures. There's a picture of
FSD unsupervised where you're still in
the vehicle and it's your own personal
vehicle and you're going from point A to
point B and then robo taxi. Those are
two different things in my opinion and
for robo taxi to me it's ready to go.
It's just is Tesla ready to go is the
bigger question. So I just want to make
a clear distinction that like and even
then the speed limit in a world of
autonomy it becomes
a
relic of an idea when you think about
speed limits you know what I mean like
these are so like what is it like
there's like some tests about about how
we got to like a 70 mph speed limit and
it was like someone was blindfolded in a
car where there's no windows or anything
and they were going down. They're like,
"Oh, this feel uncomfortable or how's
this feel?" And that's how they decided
on some of these speed limits, you know.
And so, I might be butchering the whole
story. Uh, it's actually kind of a funny
story, but my point is speed limits are
a concept for meat drivers, not for
autonomous vehicles. So, I don't know. I
I just I don't think that like when
we're talking about those things, I feel
like we're just not even having the
proper conversations and it's like the
most irrelevant topic to have at this
point.
&gt;&gt; I think you just said something very
important, which is of all the times
I've been in an Uber, I don't remember
ever looking at the speed that the
driver was going. I looked at certainly
I would look at the flow of traffic and
notice that the driver was following the
flow of traffic. Sometimes the driver
would be a little faster or a little
slower than I would go. But that's I'm
not the one driving so I don't care. And
I will tell you that on my street if
it's dark and it's raining it doesn't
matter what mode you're in. the car will
go almost exactly the speed limit, maybe
two over because my street is very quiet
and and you know, if it's if the weather
is bad, it drives in the way I would
hope that it would. Plenty of people
haul [snorts] down my street way too
fast. Uh, but I think 27 and a 25 when
it's rainy and dark and pedestrians are
around is the appropriate speed. And if
I'm not behind the wheel, I'm not the
one getting the ticket. It's not safety
I'm worried about with my speed. It's a
ticket that I'm worried about. So, by
the way, you're right on that.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tesla pointed out a while a long time
ago that if you if why why do you get
tickets? Police give you tickets not
because of safety. They do tickets
because it's easier. It's the thing that
they can measure. They can measure how
fast you're you're driving. And so
they'll give you a ticket if you're
above or below the speed limit and then
they'll give you a ticket if you don't
stop at a stop sign. Those are not
necessarily the things that show you
statistically that causes the most
accidents. Speed does cause more death
on highways, but specifically speed
around curved when you're taking turns.
And so that's where Tesla was able to
know exactly what causes more accidents
and more deaths and that's what matters.
So that's, you know, speed by itself is
not necessarily a bad thing. It's speed
in certain contexts and that's why they
can actually, you know, know if you're a
good driver or not. Like are you more
likely to cause accidents and it's not
not always like, you know, if you decide
to do a rolling stop when there's no one
there that does not cause accidents,
[laughter]
you know.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I I think tickets are too
and give a
it's the stick, right? The carrot is,
hey, drive safe and you'll be safe. But
you need a stick for people who choose
not to. And so when you speed, hey,
here's a penalty. If a society with no
consequences or actions without any
consequences can lead to chaos and so to
I think it's just it's it's the antidote
to the chaos.
&gt;&gt; Of course, there should be penalties,
but that should be penalties on the
things that are more likely to cause an
accident, not just something that
because you can measure it. That that
was the revelation, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I mean
&gt;&gt; that's the reason why they chose those
things that not that they are the ones
that
&gt;&gt; cost. But it's because the law you have
to ground it in something, right? If I
say you are driving recklessly, what
does that mean?
&gt;&gt; What does that mean? Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, that means 20 miles or over.
That's what it means.
&gt;&gt; The new software systems know what
reckless means because they know what
exactly your behavior that truly causes
more accidents versus not.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; It's also breaking traction. If you do a
burnout at a stoplight because you want
to go quick. [clears throat]
My car don't do burnouts. Uh there are
settings in some electric cars that will
allow them to do the most beautiful and
amazing burnouts, but [clears throat] I
don't feel like uh donating my income to
Goodyear. I mean, it's I think all those
drift modes should be sponsored by
Michelin because they're the real
winners.
&gt;&gt; They actually should. That's actually
brilliant.
&gt;&gt; They should. They should. Elon, can you
put drift on all cars? We'll pay you
&gt;&gt; a bunch of money.
&gt;&gt; The second thing that Elon announced
just this morning, he or not announced,
but he kind of like was in conversation
with Whimo and he said Whimo's not a
real competition. And that will be clear
in hindsight. This is how the
conversation started. Jeff Dean who
works at Whimo posted that uh their data
they basically said Whimo system uh
fueled by careful collection of large
volume of fully autonomous data is the
most advanced large scale application of
body AI today. So he's making the claim
that we are the most advanced embodied
AI today and uh he showed that they are
actually using a foundation model.
They've moved to this neural net model
input in output out and uh but they
still are using lidar.
So that's a you know hey hey hey they're
are copying Tesla and they're now moving
in this direction. This guy asked, "I
would be interested to see your
arguments compared to Tesla, who also
claimed to be the most advanced
large-scale application of bodied AI."
And uh Jeff replied with stats says, "I
don't think Tesla has anywhere near the
volume of rider only autonomous miles."
That's true. Rider only because Tesla
doesn't do that yet. Autonomous miles.
Oh, rider only meaning that no drivers,
right? Just having somebody autonomous
miles. We has 96 million. and then he
shared his safety statistics. So I think
he's right here. But Elon said Whimo
never really had a chance against Tesla.
This will be obvious in hindsight. So
all those people out there who thinks
that Whimo is a major not only are a
competitor, but they're so far ahead
because they're already in five cities
expanding to 10 cities next year.
&gt;&gt; Here's Elon saying they actually never
had a chance against Tesla. This is
going to be obvious.
&gt;&gt; So I got to ask a question here. Nick,
you know a bit about computers and AI.
Um, is it embodied AI only if there's no
one in the car because [laughter] that
doesn't make any sense? Embodied AI to
me means AI in a physical object in the
real world. And if you want to add to
that that it has to be monetized, I've
got, you know, what is it? uh 20% of the
market that is now monetized on FSD,
whether they purchased it outright or
pay for it on a monthly basis. That is
an ocean of revenue performing AI tasks
every day. Am I missing something, Nick?
Because you you seem to know the
computer pretty well.
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah, I think that's a good point,
Brian. I I think the
the the scarier thing here is can you go
back a slide? Is that possible for you
Herbert? Or go back to that previous
post?
&gt;&gt; It's not possible, Nick.
&gt;&gt; It's not possible.
&gt;&gt; You you simply make the
&gt;&gt; It's very difficult.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But he did do it late.
&gt;&gt; Go to the stats.
&gt;&gt; This is Which stats are you talking
about? Uh this one. Yeah. So he, you
know, it's
this is going to be something that's
going to come bite back to bite them in
uh
I'm trying not to cuss. It's going to
come back to bite them. Uh because
they're putting out these stats, right?
Like 96 million for Whimo as of today.
91% 79% 80%. You see all these. But when
Tesla decides and it sounds like it's
going to be 3 weeks to actually start
going unsupervised
and that start like I would imagine say
come March they will be largely
unsupervised in Austin. Hopefully
they're unsupervised in California as
well. They might be in other cities.
Tesla's going to be able to get to those
numbers and surpass them so quickly
because they're not only if for no other
reason they can drop the price whereas
Whimo probably can't.
And then what happens then? What what
what legs do you have to stand on
because this is the metric that you said
was important and here Tesla just did
that in a week potentially.
So it it it shocks me that Whimos keeps
putting out a lot of this data because
if I was marketing at Tesla or any other
ones who do the social media, I would
literally just wait till June, July and
I would have all the screenshots and I
would say, "Hey, look at this. Look at
this. Look at this. We just did that in
a week." And it took them all all this
all these years to do this. You know,
and we've seen that with uh just just
look at the miles, right, that Tesla's
drive right now. To Brian's point,
right, with Tesla's embodied AI, look at
how long it takes Whimo just to do what
Tesla does in a day, in a week. They've
never done what what I I don't think
they've ever done what Tesla's done in a
in a year, in entire lifetime of Whimo.
So, it's dangerous for them from a uh
bragging perspective. So, it'll be
interesting to see how this plays out.
But again, I think we're all getting
caught up on
maybe not Tesla, but even Elon a little
bit kind of puffing chest out a little
bit right now and you know, saying a lot
of these comments the other day. I think
he said 2000 something those are rookie
numbers and you know, now this post and
it's like Elon would love for you to say
that and then back it up right away, you
know, rather than having a lot of time
in between. But I I do think this time
next year, it'll be very apparent those
were rookie numbers. This time next
year, I think it'll be very apparent
that those Whimman numbers are nothing
compared to what Tesla's going to be
doing. And maybe I'll be wrong, but I do
think when we are here this time next
year,
it's it's going to be just very clear
who the leader is. But I do have to give
Whale credit. They are
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thank them. They have moved way
faster than what they were a year ago.
Way faster. They are going city to city.
They're now in air or they're about to
start in airports. They're on the
highway now. Like you got to give them
some credit.
&gt;&gt; It's almost like someone lit a fire
under him, isn't it? Uh Whimo, Nick, you
you gota Nick, you got to you got to
recognize though could be releasing
another thousand to 2,000 cars next
year.
&gt;&gt; I know. Do you know how long it would
take Tesla to build that many? Forget
cyber cabs because that's a whole
different beast. Just robo taxis on the
Model Y platform. Tesla, it would take
them like a day and a half.
&gt;&gt; They better get to work.
&gt;&gt; Well, and that's the thing is they don't
even have to get to work. I just uh you
don't even have to add an extra shift.
uh you would just um you know you could
probably ek that out of the current
schedule without anyone even going into
overtime.
&gt;&gt; I mean you could just pull that out of
the network. You know
&gt;&gt; that's the other thing is and I
mentioned this on a show with Herbert
that's coming up soon is well but the
robo taxi has that little comm's box in
the back window for better
communication. Yes, but that's an
attachment.
Just if you if that's required to put my
car into the network, wouldn't I just go
into the service center and have them
pop it in
&gt;&gt; because
there now we've got not and and Whimo's
saying, "Yeah, but we're going to have
thousands and we could have 10,000 cars
before you know it, right? But Tesla
could have millions tomorrow. And if not
tomorrow, certainly by the end of next
month. I just don't know how you compete
with that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I do think that's what'll
happen. Like when Elon says we're gonna
have hundreds of thousands of robo
taxis, you know, by 2026 or in 2026,
I kind of do believe it as long as he
allows us to be able to put our vehicles
in. Like it's it's very feasible. And
you have to imagine imagine you just let
everyone in Austin put their vehicles
in. Whoever wants to go for it. It would
drive the cost down per mile so low it
would be ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; And the availability would be almost
infinite.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And not with cars on the road. Just like
uh I go and order one and my neighbor
three doors down his car just turns on
and comes on over.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think [laughter] uh if Elon says
something it's one thing but if Ashok uh
Ashok Swami himself says something
that's another thing and so he Ashoke
has said uh he also weighed in on was
whether or not um Tesla customers can
put their cars in into the robo taxi
network he said you know we're working
on having to certify the cars we have to
think about that right so if if Brian
wants to put his car into the robo taxi
network if I do Tesla needs to certify
our cars to make sure the tires are I
mean they can do good over the air
sometimes, but make sure the tires don't
are not, you know,
&gt;&gt; they've got some tread, they're not bald
and things like that. Just make sure the
car is safe. And then like uh Brian
said, if they need to have better
communication with the network system,
then they'll put this thing on top, but
it costs them probably minutes at the
service center to attach it and you're
done. Uh and then he also said that
hardware 3 cars is going to be part of
robo taxi. That was the key thing. It
wasn't just hardware 3 cars will be able
to have FSZ14 in it. That's one thing.
It's he believes hardware 3 cars will be
able to be used in robo taxi, which
means both, right? That it's got it's
good enough to be able to be safer than
a human, but also that it's going to be
part of robo taxi. They will allow the
cars that people own because they're not
making Harbor 3 cars anymore to be put
into the network. So, this idea that
could customers put their cars in and
make money
uh seems like it's still the plan that
Tesla has.
So, those are the two big announcements.
And then on Monday, the other thing that
the Tesla did was they released the robo
taxi app to 11 countries.
Why would they do that?
I mean, they they just really like uh
releasing apps in countries. It's just
fun. It's their hobby. Uh and why 11? If
it was going global, I could understand
just, oh, oh, we just put it on the
world market just, you know, it's like
when you see an ad for a restaurant
chain that doesn't exist in your market,
you're like, why are they spending this
money? H it's easier to just do a
national campaign than, you know, target
all the individual markets. But 11,
that's a that's a weird that's a weird
choice. It's almost like these are the
uh aspirational
uh places they wish to be uh or plan to
be or uh hope to be. What do you think,
Nick?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I you know, I would say there's a
chance that it's strategic just to see
how certain like I don't know. I'm just
guessing. Obviously, we all know what
the most bull optimistic thing is. like,
oh, they're about to launch and start
doing things with road tax in those
countries. That's possible. Sure. But I
would say most conservative would be
they're just those are different
countries or regions of the world that
have different uh app stores or you know
infrastructure for you know getting apps
onto your phones, different
requirements, different regulations and
they're just trying to test all those
out and so that's why it says 11. So, I
don't know if there's anything like that
or some something else on the back end
or there's those are going to be
countries that are like the uh command
station for taxis. So, they're just
trying to I have no idea. Uh but, you
know, it could just be them trying to
test some stuff. So, I don't want to get
too high. I don't want to get too low,
but uh you know, it it's hard not to be
excited about seeing all these drip drip
drip of information on expansion robot
taxi. I feel like we're just
it feels like we're just sitting there
building up to a moment where it's like
boom, a really big series of
announcements is what it feels like. But
it's like this steady drift.
&gt;&gt; Well, to be clear, Tesla's been behind,
right? Uh you did a post, uh Nick, and
you said uh [laughter]
sarcastically, you said, "Oh, tell me
what
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you I guess you were very
sarcastic. I think I read it that way."
And you go, Tesla's going to be
launching eight more cities by in three
weeks because they had said Elon had
said they're going to be in 10 eight to
10 cities by the end of this year. And
you're like, "Okay, well, you got two
weeks basically three weeks, right?"
&gt;&gt; I mean, I honestly wouldn't be
sarcastic. That was exactly what he
said.
&gt;&gt; You You actually believe it because I
thought that was sarcastic. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Not that I believe. I hope I hope it
&gt;&gt; Well, we've got Austin. We've got
Austin, Flugerville, Dell Valley. I
mean, if we want to count the suburbs as
cities, I think we're already there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Uh, somebody was asking
this, Nick. Uh, they can't even do an
Android version yet, and yet they're
launching the iPhone app everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Um, a lot of people who have Android are
concerned why they don't have Robo Taxi
with Android. But I I heard somebody
else say, "Well, it's because it's owned
by Google and they don't want to
necessarily share some data." What do
you what do you think about that?
&gt;&gt; I
Google owns part of Whimo, not all of
Whimo. And I wouldn't say can't. I would
say they just haven't.
&gt;&gt; Hasn't Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can't is can't is the wrong word. I have
a Tesla Android app. I have a uh an X
Android app. I have a Grock Android app.
They can do these things. They don't
need to yet. There's not a shortage of
passengers waiting for rides. There's a
shortage of rides waiting for
passengers. It'll come.
&gt;&gt; And they did have a recent uh post a job
posting for an Android developer. And my
first thought is, oh my gosh, they're
going to build Androids. No, wait, no,
wait, never mind. I get it. I get it.
But I did enjoy the footage of the
Optimus operator taking off his headset
without putting it in standby mode. That
was hilarious.
&gt;&gt; Let's Let's talk about that. I mean, uh
I can go search for that, but uh
&gt;&gt; yeah. So, what happened is they're at
the the big FSD event in Miami, they've
got uh Optimus there handing out water
bottles, remotely operated, and I assume
what you do when you're done operating,
when your shift is done, someone else is
going to come in, is you put it in
standby, take off your VR goggles, hand
them over, and the next person is
running Optimus. But they didn't they
didn't put it in standby. So Optimus uh
just invisibly grabs his invisible VR
goggles, whips them off, and nighty
night out of the frame. Hilarious.
Uh it was uh a lot of fun to see. If we
can get that up, it'll be even more fun.
But uh and then of course you have some
people saying, "Oh, this is proof that
it's not automated." And everyone else
saying, "You needed proof. I thought it
was pretty clear that it that it was not
Here it is. Let's watch it.
&gt;&gt; Let me play it again. So, this is
Optimus um at the Miami event and he was
handing out bottles of water and then
this happened.
Clearly, you can see that it looked like
that it was taken off a headset. And
these are tele operated.
&gt;&gt; And some people going, "Oh my god, it's
proof." They were lying to us.
&gt;&gt; They were lying to us.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I don't know why. I guess there I get it
is it is a fault of Tesla to mislead
people to think that the popcorn every
time you see an that is not being
teleoperated.
I actually don't think that is being
teleoperated.
&gt;&gt; The popcorn.
&gt;&gt; I think it is,
&gt;&gt; dude. Of course it is.
&gt;&gt; I think it's hardcoded.
&gt;&gt; No, that when it does it does all this.
&gt;&gt; We don't. But we have
&gt;&gt; You say no, but you say no as if it's a
fact. You're like, "No, you're wrong."
&gt;&gt; No, that's what I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I know that here. Well, here's an
example right here. It's pretty clear at
this point that that was 10.
&gt;&gt; No, that's different. That's different
than doing the same
&gt;&gt; water bottles. So let let's let's listen
to what I'm saying. You're just speaking
over me. That's different than the
popcorn. It's different than giving the
popcorn at the burger joint where
they're just given the same thing over
and over. I I I don't think
&gt;&gt; that's not what happens, Nick Snick. At
the popcorn place, the human comes in
and hands them a,
you know, a container. It grabs it. It
even readjust it. Then it puts it and
it'll interact with you. It'll, you
know, make jokes and it'll do things.
&gt;&gt; I don't think that's a human doing
That's what I'm saying.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh here's what we know. Uh we know
that uh Tesla at the um 1010 event, they
were teleoperating it. That was a fact.
They announced that that was true. Uh
but then they showed a video and they
said this is 100% automated where you
did have Optimus handing out water
bottles and they showed that that is
capable of doing that. There was a
lineup of people walking up and then it
was handing it out. So they proved that
it can be done autonomously. So to say,
yeah, you don't know for a fact that
they're not autonomous. Sure. But this
one here in Miami, clearly that was a
this guy take off his headset and it
falls. So for for people to say, "Hey,
you deceived me." Number one, I think
that that's okay. Uh you thought it was
I I never I am assume I would lean on
assuming that it's not. And then B, this
whole thing about um yeah, that oh that
means that uh Tesla Optimus is really
behind and they're they're smoking
mirrors and they have nothing which
&gt;&gt; that's ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; That's ridiculous. That part is
definitely ridiculous. And also, these
are I think these were 2.0 bots we saw
in Miami. They're not even the 2.5s and
three is what we're going to be seeing
before too long. Three is one that's
likely a release candidate. Uh this is
not to me in any way. I I get it. Some
people think that movies like
documentary shouldn't use reenactments.
Oh, right. But you sometimes you got to
you just got to make sure it's uh clear
which part is real and and fiction. Um
in at wei robot we know there were parts
that were uh tea operated because the
robots disclosed as much and we know
there were parts that were routines like
because the dancing you can hold it up
side by side versus other dancing it's
done. That's clearly a a routine a macro
that they can just tell it to do. Go
into dance mode. Um, it'd be hilarious
if the people backstage had to be doing
all the dancing exactly the same each
time. Costs a little extra to get those
operators. Um, but I'm not worried about
any of that stuff. The hardware is good.
The brain looks good. The Optimus
University is being built right now in
Cortex 2 in Austin. it's going to be
able to train all kinds of uh tasks. And
anybody getting bent out of shape over
this this early in the game, I think is
misunderstanding the entire mission and
objective. Uh I will mention we're at 52
minutes in just about 8 minutes.
Sometimes it goes over. That's fine,
too. Uh, I will be doing the after show
where I answer all your cues from this
qu uh show, give you the A's that you
need uh and see how that goes. If you're
on uh my channel or Herbert's channel,
it should automatically redirect unless
it's on the replay, in which case go to
Futurazza on YouTube. You'll find it
listed there. Nick, a pleasure chatting
with you as always. Enjoy your Fuego and
I'll see you guys uh
see you guys next time.
&gt;&gt; Cheers.
All right, Nick Gibbs. Uh, the other
thing that happened is, um, President
Trump announced a a unified one rule for
them all, referring to AI,
uh, that he's going to sign an executive
order sometime this week to do that.
David Sax, who's the AISAR for the US
government, explained what that is. Um
and some of us are wondering does that
apply because it's AI in general just to
LLMs or does that apply to federal
framework for autonomous driving and
maybe even federal framework for robot
development in the US? What's your take
on it? I I think it's pretty clear that
the scope of that has to do with things
uh
AI that's related to LM specifically uh
there are two different domains right
the autonomous vehicles that falls under
the DOT uh not necessarily under the
purview of the AISAR or any legislation
from that it's they're just two
different buckets uh but I think the
spirit spirit of the one rule is the
same spirit that Duffy has talked about.
Uh we don't want to have all these it's
even hard even worse for autonomy
because
there could be a world where or think
there is kind of an attempt where it's
not just state by state but city by city
and that's ridiculous. So for for
autonomy you have to have a national
framework not a city by city state by
state. So, and Duffy's talked about that
way before we started talking about we
need to have a federal level AI,
you know, set of rules that everyone
abides by. It was first that first
phrasing came with the idea of autonomy.
So, I don't think what they're talking
about right now has anything to do with
autonomy, but I think the spirit and the
logic behind it is
uh is coming is was inspired from the
conversations about autonomy. So while I
don't think that's what it's about, I do
think it's the same
&gt;&gt; pull.
&gt;&gt; I agree with that. Um and the other
thing that's in the same spirit is
competitiveness. So they did say uh
David Zach said that you know this AI
one rule has the four C's which are
associated with LM like child safety,
community or something like that and
that each of the states will still have
their ability to weigh on those four
C's. But the fifth C he said which is
even more important is competitiveness.
The reason they're doing this is you
can't let other countries, let's say
China, have uh advancements in AI and
the US falls behind. We need to do this
for competitiveness reasons. And the
same thing he said for self-driving and
I'm sure the same thing applies to
robots. And so that is a good news. That
means that if they are moving forward
with a you know as a federal framework
for AI and then just last week they did
announce that uh now that they've done a
lot of work with AI they're now going to
focus on robots next year. So this is
very good news for Tesla means that yeah
it looks like that the government is
going to move forward with you know a
federal framework for autonomy and a
federal framework for robots. That is
clearly the path it's headed at this
point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, it's good. Um, you know,
I I I tend to be someone, I think, you
know, that doesn't like government
intervention and things. Uh, but this is
an example where I think government is
intervening in a good way, which is to
keep
keep politics almost out of it. I think
if you start doing things at a state
level or a city level, you know, Texas
might do something different than
California, Austin might do something
different than Houston. And you don't
you want to keep politics out of this. I
I think the lens of competitiveness is
the right way to go, but you do need
some regulation, right? You still want
to keep things safe and above board and
you want to make sure people aren't
cutting corners just for the sake of
competition. Um, but we at the end day
want to, you know, you look at as a
team, you want to make sure that, you
know, people aren't necessarily taking
steroids and everyone's, you know, on
the same playing field when it comes to
that. But at the same time, let the
players play. Don't over referee the
game. Otherwise, it just becomes no fun
and the players don't get a chance to
actually compete. And so I would say let
our companies which are the players in
this analogy let them let them cook let
them run let them do their thing and we
want to keep regulation because we want
to keep the game fair and keep things
above board but we also don't want you
know the regulation or the referees
interrupting the game every two seconds
and then there's no no flow or true
progress.
&gt;&gt; It's happening with every sport right
now. It's frustrating for me.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; I know.
&gt;&gt; Isn't it great though? So a year ago,
the biggest concern that everybody had
was does FSD work? Does autonomy work?
Can it actually be safer than human?
Well, but regulation is going to be the
biggest problem. Never in my lifetime
because regulation will just be hell. No
one will reg allow this to happen. And
then the consumer, the consumers won't
ever get into a, you know, a
self-driving car. They're gonna hate it.
They're going to take jobs. But knock on
wood so far all three as of today seem
to have moved forward significantly.
Right? We talked about how you know Elon
claims FSD is solved but Whimo is
showing that they are safer than human
already with their actual data in the
four or five states are in the five
cities that are in.
&gt;&gt; Can I just add something there? So there
there is a nuance there that you know I
think people just kind of broadstruck
over. Whamo showed their safety data and
I believe their data is accurate. I
believe they are as safe as they say.
But
we can't make that
that's not it's apples and oranges. It's
not the same as Tesla because Tesla is
operating in a essentially unlimited
defined
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
uh geospace whereas Whimo statistics are
only accurate in their current geo fence
where they're at whereas Tesla can have
those same those stats that they've
shared with us are reflective of the
entire continental United States. So
that's a huge difference.
&gt;&gt; Huge difference. I mean we know that
Whimo would pull off cars. They would
not allow them in the network if it's
pouring rain or something like that.
[clears throat] They they would be very
careful and rightly they should be. But
yes, I'm not saying that we're not
comparing at this point, but just stats
are coming out to show that the
technology for autonomy is gotten to the
point where it's as safe as a human and
only going to get better from here. You
got regulation.
It is still a major concern. Not
something to to just brush by and say
it's done. I'm not saying it's done, but
look at it, right? We've got how many
states has Whimo announced that they've
got approval for it, right? Five cities
plus another five, another 14 coming
next month, next year. So, these are
movements in US. Then you've got Europe
is not budged, but there's a lot of um
movement there in terms of people test
driving it. So, we don't know if they're
going to do it, but China surprised
everybody where they've allowed FSD.
They've they're supporting autonomous
driving. They've got lots of companies
that are doing it and they're all on
board supporting that industry. And then
you've got FSD approved now in I don't
I've lost count 13 countries. Like it's
it's it's in South Korea. It's in
Australia. Uh
&gt;&gt; it's and then and then we got data
showing now that Whimo usage Uber Uber
announced this that Whimo the in the
cities that they have Whimo Whimo usage
is much much higher than U like higher
than Uber and they're paying more and so
in that case like people prefer to take
a self-driving car than not and so this
idea that oh I'll never you know people
will too be too afraid or you know that
concerns about the you know the ride
comfort
that doesn't seem to be playing out at
this point. Uh consumers seem to be like
now there are stories of people you know
protesting and and they'll like you know
put cars on fire and those kind of
things for these robo taxis. So, we know
I don't know yet. How could
&gt;&gt; I think that will stop?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think that'll stop because if
&gt;&gt; like if it were me and if I was Whimo in
this case who's happened to I would make
sure that anyone who's attacking the car
that we save their picture and then
anyone who signs up to use the Whimo
app, we will cross reference and you're
banned for life.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or you can pay a fine. But we have we've
tagged you. We see your face. We list
that. Maybe you haven't applied to use
Whimo yet, but one day you will. Or one
day you will test road taxi. And do you
really want to be banned for life?
&gt;&gt; Can you imagine? Like there's uh there's
Tesla says Grock in it now. And uh and
now you can they just they're about to
release a new feature where you can use
Grock to actually navigate.
&gt;&gt; Did you get the holiday yet?
&gt;&gt; Not yet. All day update. I'm checking
because hearing uh people are
downloading the holiday update. So you
have this new feature. You can use Grock
to actually set up your navigation just
using your words and say take me here,
here, and here. So eventually these cars
will like you say know you, right? Hey,
hey, hey, Nick. Welcome. You know, as a
Robus taxi and it'll call you by name.
It already knows you, right? Because it
has your name and it actually knows you.
Like it's an LLF. It knows all your
history.
&gt;&gt; And then uh what if it says, "Nick, you
you kind of scratched my my my brother
there uh back in Houston. You were a bad
boy, you know. So you're you know
[laughter] what I mean? The car can
&gt;&gt; talking dirt to me. What is this? You've
been a bad boy. Nick,
&gt;&gt; you're been a bad boy.
&gt;&gt; Scratched my rear. What was this
conversation devolve into? [laughter]
The car is alive. It'll have some sort
of sentience and some sort of a
personality and then they'll like,
"Nope, not going to let you ever get my
car again, Dick." So, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; no, I'm excited for this new update
because honestly, the current version of
Grock is painful. It's Yeah, it's not
good in there. It's and it look when we
first got it it felt good but we've come
so far in the improvements of Grock and
LMS in general since then which is crazy
because it hasn't really been that long
that now it's like it's just painful to
even talk to it because I talk to it on
my phone non-stop to Grock and I get
into the car and it's like such a dumb
version. It's oh I'm constantly
correcting and saying hey but you forgot
about this. Hey you forgot about this.
Like oh yeah good point. I apologize.
Oh, aim to not make more mistakes. Come
on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think there's
something there, too. I know. But uh
yeah, this is uh this is it. And so the
the three things that I think that was
um concerned by people and I I laugh I
not laugh but it's just interesting whe
at that time many of them said never in
my lifetime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Here we are a year later or two years or
three years later and here it is. It's
happening in our lifetime. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It's happening. Yeah. I I and you
brought this up earlier like was I being
sar I really wasn't being sarcastic
about the 68 cities. Um I I won't be
surprised if they announce some new
cities uh this year, you know, in the
next few weeks or in the first couple
weeks of 2026. I won't be surprised at
all. Um but they did talk about a
another model Elon did during that
&gt;&gt; conversation or interview whatever he
was having.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. January, February, a larger model.
Tell us.
&gt;&gt; So, they they may be waiting for that
before they go to new cities. Uh, but
either way, what's that's 60 days away
like
I I'm excited for for these new drops,
these new cities, and mainly selfishly
because I think one of them's going to
be where I live. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's good. Thanks, Nick.
Appreciate everybody.
Stay online for a