Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       NVIDIA vs. AMD: No One Is Telling You This
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlsAwYAvbls
Published:   2025-10-22 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The world's GDP, I think, is something
like $50 trillion, right? You add up all
the productivity of all the countries in
the world, you know, put together, I
think, is about $50 trillion. And you
just say 10% of that will get augmented
by AI per year, that's a $5 trillion
market. I mean, that's bananas, right?
If you ever told me that a company, any
company, would get a deal for 20 times
their annual sales, right, of any
product, I would be like, that is crazy.
And then if you said, "Oh, but they only
have four years to deliver it." I'd be
like, "That's that's nuts." So the real
answer is it's not Nvidia versus AMD at
all. You shouldn't think about like one
is good and one is bad. So these are all
very skilled workers that are not about
to get replaced by AI, right? Like we
will always need plumbers, electricians,
carpenters, general contractors, etc. If
Jensen misses by 50%, he's got a $10
trillion company. Oh, the market's still
so insanely large. So it's like when you
play those games, just cut the number in
half. Would you still bet on it? So
&gt;&gt; yeah, you're you're a linear machine in
an exponential
&gt;&gt; in an exponential world. Fantastic.
&gt;&gt; All right, so today I have Alex from
ticker symbol U with me and he is one of
the biggest YouTubers in the AI hardware
space and has been for a number of
years. through a combination of good
fortune and wise decisions about things
to focus on in his life. He was very
well positioned in artificial
intelligence hardware technology here
for basically the entire major runup in
excitement around AI hardware that we've
seen since chat GPT and uh the launch of
that and the results that that has
driven for Nvidia. And so he's actually
made almost 900% returns since chat GPT
launched in December of 2022. And I
wanted to get him on today so that we
can dive into one of the, you know, big
hot button topics in AI hardware today.
And that is Nvidia versus AMD. And so I
want to turn the first question over to
you, Alex. What is the highlevel
overview of Nvidia versus AMD? like
what's your 10,000 foot view on these
two companies, the market they're going
after and how investors who are thinking
about where they want to allocate their
money between these two names like what
are the things that they need to be
thinking about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's a very interesting
question and I've gotten this answer
wrong so many times like on my journey
to like figure this out myself. So, let
me give you the 10,000 view first, but
then we should probably dive into some
of the nuance, right? So the real answer
is it's not Nvidia versus AMD at all.
You shouldn't think about like one is
good and one is bad. So if you're on
camp Nvidia, AMD is not the enemy. If
you're in camp AMD, Nvidia is not the
enemy because the market is growing so
fast that there's more than enough room
for both of them. They will both be
supply limited, not demand limited. And
as soon as you're supply limited, you do
not care about the competition, right?
because you're not trying to race to the
bottom on price for example to outsell.
It's not like cars for example, right?
Where you want to offer the discount
that gets people to buy your car because
then they won't buy your competitor's
car, right? Um GPUs do not work like
that right now, especially data center
GPUs. Every chip that AMD will make will
get sold. Every chip AMD Nvidia will
make will get sold. So there there is in
essence no competition between them. So,
it sounds to me like you're saying
there's not an AI bubble and uh yeah,
I'm just curious like why is there so
much demand and why is that demand
outstripping the supply of GPUs right
now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think it's for a wide
variety of reasons. I think um the
biggest reason is AI is going to be
considered a general purpose technology
if it's not already considered so. So
when I say general purpose technology, I
mean things like the internet, the
printing press, the PC, the motor,
right, the tractor, things that like
transcend one genre of product and are
largely useful everywhere, right? So
that's the first thing. The reason that
works is because AI can be infused
everywhere, right? Not just consumer
products, but also different enterprise
pieces of software pretty much across
the board, right? from genetics and
biology to sort of you know insert any
software category here. You can add an
AI agent to help you do that job more
productively, faster, cheaper, etc.
Right? So, uh, I think the demand is
there. A because it's o across a lot of
different categories, but B because it
turns out that we're going to be and
we're going to use way more tokens per
prompt than we originally were in 2022.
So, if you remember earlier this year,
um, a company called DeepSeek from China
released a model called R1 and then R2
and these were reasoning models. So now
the instead of just like asking a
question and it generating an answer,
the model will actually spend time which
means spending tokens thinking about its
response, double-checking it answer,
going deeper, breaking things down into
step by step, maybe even calling other
subm models and things like that. All of
that costs tokens to do. So the number
of tokens required to serve every prompt
has gone up dramatically, if that makes
sense.
Absolutely. Um and one of the things
that I think is you know somewhat
confusing in this space is that we call
CPUs like general purpose computing.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And we call GPUs accelerated computing.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And you know that kind of seems like it
implies that accelerated computing is a
more niche workload. It's a more niche
use case that like you can only do it
for specific things. Yep.
&gt;&gt; And that certainly fits with the history
of the field. Um, but one of the things
that Jensen actually recognized in the
early 2010s was he said that oh wow
these deep neural networks that we can
apply to crazy things like image
recognition. It seems like those things
are a universal function approximator.
So like what is a universal function
approximator and what's the relationship
of that to actually the implication that
accelerated computing is like you said
at the beginning a general purpose
technology that's actually maybe not
even as large as the general technology
of CPUs but even larger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So let's let's like break this
down into like a couple different
questions, right? So
a lot of problems cannot be parallelized
right that's the fun that's the major
difference between accelerated computing
and serial computing which is the CPU
right CPUs take instructions and process
them one at a time serially right GPUs
can take in instructions can take in a
problem break it down into chunks solve
those chunks in parallel recombine the
answers the partial products and then
output an answer, right? That only works
for problems that can be chunked up and
solved in parallel, right? So like
matrix math problems are a great example
because you can take each row, each
column of a matrix, solve like a vector
multiplication problem column by column,
then recombine the columns in the right
order at the end, and now you've just
saved a lot of time depending on how
many columns were in that matrix. Right?
there's a whole class of problems that
can't be parallelized like that, right?
Maybe not math problems, but you know,
certain logic problems, I don't know,
like things where the order of the steps
certainly matter. So, the reason we call
CPUs general purpose computing is
because they can compute anything. They
can compute graphics, they can compute
matrices, they can compute, you name it.
The question is how fast, right? how
much compute power how like how long
will it take etc
accelerated computing can only deal with
problems that can be parallelized okay
so now let's talk about the second part
of your question if you have a universal
function approximator which is just a
fancy way of saying a set of tools that
can solve a wide variety of problems
like neural networks AI in general
neural networks specifically but there
are other like forms of you know AI
algorithms besides neural networks that
are interesting to get into like image
generators don't work by neural networks
anyway. So and those universal function
approximators can be parallelized now
you can have your cake you need it too.
You can do anything a CPU can do where
before you couldn't and you can
accelerate it because uh you know neural
networks for example are like the
perfect matrix math problem to run on a
GPU. I that was my research well before
chat GPT came out was univers was using
small neural networks to help accelerate
different radars and different
telescopes. So just realize AI and
neural networks are much older than chat
GPT in general. Um, so Jensen his one of
his brilliant aha moments which has been
shared across the scientific community
and he's been actually really involved
with like many other companies that use
their accelerated computing is
understanding that GPUs are not just for
graphics. They're for any problem that
can be like parallelized like this,
right? which extends well beyond the
initial function of just rendering
graphics quickly which is an important
and big matrix multiplication problem.
It turns out that AI can do a lot AI
uses a lot of that same like background
math can be perfectly accelerated and
can solve a wide variety of problems.
And so the reason that I asked that
question is because I think the the
number of problems that can be solved
and the size of the computers that are
required to solve those problems is tied
directly to like how big is the demand
for AI overall. Is there an end in sight
to this AI bubble you know speak that
we're talking about now? um from what
you're seeing like what types of
problems that are big unsolved problems
in corporate America in technology in
healthcare like are there big problems
that really just you know AI doesn't
help with at all that would lead us to
believe that there is you know a
near-term end in sight to all of this.
&gt;&gt; So it that that's an interesting
question. I I haven't really framed it
like that myself like hey what is a
subset of problems that AI just won't
solve but like let me give you a couple
examples uh but tell you why that kind
of doesn't matter for the purpose of the
growth of AI right so plumbers
electricians
uh handymen carpenters right there's
this whole class of um skilled trade so
these are all very skilled workers that
are not about to get replaced by AI
right like we will always need plumbers,
electricians, carpenters, general
contractors, etc. Um, construction,
everything in construction, which is a
big part of like humanity's output. Um,
I would say commercial driving, we're
not really there yet. You know,
obviously companies like Tesla and Whimo
are getting much closer on
non-commercial driving, you know, like
passenger transportation. Um, but I
think we're a long way from seeing like
autonomous fleets of 18-wheelers on the
road. You know what I mean? Um, and then
so there I'm trying to say there's a
whole class of jobs that are high value,
high skill, not about to be replaced by
AI, right? Those are some examples. But
the market for jobs where AI will
augment that job, not replace it, not do
the job entirely, but augment somebody
doing that job is infinitely bigger. So
the world's GDP, I think, is something
like $50 trillion, right? You add up all
the productivity of all the countries in
the world, you know, put together, I
think it's about $50 trillion, and you
just say 10% of that will get augmented
by AI per year. That's a $5 trillion
market. I mean, that's bananas, right?
Like, if you're if you're going after a
five trillion dollar market, you don't
care about the problems you can't solve
because the problems you can solve,
that's like you're chasing that market
forever, right? That's more than a human
lifetime to build a company that will
capture any meaningful percentage of
that market. So, Nvidia, I think, does
not need to worry about Nvidia, AMD, all
the AI ecosystem doesn't need to worry
about the problems they can't solve.
There's $5 trillion of problems they
can't, right?
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. Broadcom. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Totally. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Samsung. Yeah. So, so many other
companies all kind of tied up in there
with that as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um well, here one of the things I
want to do for the audience is I want to
put this uh this chart up on screen
which I think shows us a little bit.
This is a a post from I don't even know
how to say that Kobai letter.
&gt;&gt; Kobayashi if I Yeah. uh Kobayashi that
sounds more more correct but it says
this is beyond insane AI compute demand
is now growing and they say at over two
times but they have terrible math it's
actually 3.2 two times um the rate of
Moore's law which is assuming that
Moore's law is still holding up at two
times every two years which is uh I
think not necessarily a good assumption
at this point in time.
&gt;&gt; Um but it says yeah creating a massive
shortage uh just to meet current demand
there's $500 billion that must be
invested in data centers per year until
2030. And then they have this chart
here. And so this is a chart of the I
believe it's basically the sizes of the
number of parameters in models um that
are being trained
is the
&gt;&gt; is that what the dot size is? So the the
y-axis there is like the compute total
compute required to train it and the
x-axis is just time. So yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that the flops
required to train it is uh yeah a
function of parameters.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And yeah. So then and the second line is
just Moore's law which is yeah the the
two times growth every two years. And so
it looks like we're creating more
intense models to train four and a half
like they every year the models get four
and a half times more intense to train.
And then Moore's law gives you 1.41
times growth in computing power if you
were just following Moore's law. But
obviously
&gt;&gt; thanks to Jensen Wong and Nvidia, you
know, parallel computing is not
necessarily bound by the constraints of
Moore's law in the same way. Definitely
when you factor in the extreme code
design. So anyways, I wanted to show
this as a an indication of why you know
this like
um four and a half times
divided by 1.4 times is like a 3.2 two
times.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; Every year shortfall of Moore's law
compared to growth in the size of the
models that we want to train which you
know that compounds over time. So like
three times one year, three times again
the next year, three times again the
year after that. Like you get into
&gt;&gt; like a three times shortfall, a nine
times a 27 times, an 81 times, right?
Like Yep.
&gt;&gt; It get the gap gets pretty big pretty
fast, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And so like in 2030s you're
talking about hundreds of times, you
know, two
&gt;&gt; Yeah. a shortfall of hundreds of times
the amount of demand that you have for
training AI compute compared to the
returns that you got based on Mo's law.
And so yeah, like what's your reaction
to that when uh you think about the
overall AI market?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I I think it's honestly
been pretty obvious. the writing on the
wall for Mo's law has been there for a
long time. Um, like you just pointed
out, you know, Moors law hasn't been at
2x every two years for a long time now.
It's closer to 1.4. Um, and just to be
clear, like that doesn't mean Moors law
is bad. It just means the era where um,
transistor density and the amount of
transistors you could pack on a single
chip dominated the gains we got in
compute is just over, right? Like that's
just not where the gains are coming
from. That's, you know, so when Intel
says like Moors law is alive and well,
you know, that sounds great and then
they don't deliver their chips, right?
So, you know, the companies that still
believe Mors law is alive and well tend
to have missed the runup and the product
like haven't come out with a product to
to meet the demand for AI scaling laws,
right? So, that's pretty that's actually
a good transition into like what's
actually happening now. So, Moore's law
is one scaling law. Um it it was
actually a prediction by Gordon Moore
that was like, "Hey, transistors seem to
tend to double every year." So that's
something the industry ended up shooting
for, right? Transistors on a single chip
every two years, excuse me. Um today AI
has at least three scaling laws and it
really depends how you break up AI and
like you know the nuance you want to get
into, but there's the scaling as a
result of raising parameter counts,
right? Just as an example, and getting
more training data. So that's scaling
with training, right? Bigger models tend
to perform better. There's post-training
scaling. So that's like using
reinforcement learning to uh improve a
model's output after it's trained. So
that's like, you know, giving it better
guard rails. That's like um giving it
human feedback to like refine its
outputs. That'd be like putting a
satellite dish on a radar, right? It's
like you're directing all of that all of
those tokens a specific way. And as a
result, you're getting a much more
powerful output in the correct
direction. Right? So that's post-
training scaling. And then as of earlier
this year, we have something called test
time scaling, which is just a fancy way
of saying inference is now able to be
scaled with the number of tokens. So
instead of oneshot answers where I give
you a question, what is the temperature
outside? And then you return the
temperature outside, I can ask you like
a deeper question like, hey, explain to
me why water freezes at 32°. And then
you'll sit there and you'll rack your
head. You'll think about where to start
to like give me the basic walkthrough.
You'll break the problem down into step
by step. You'll solve each step and then
you'll bring it all back all together to
give me like a final coherent answer
that walked me through like maybe
physics, maybe temperature, maybe the
difference between Fahrenheit and
Celsius, maybe what makes water such a
special compound or whatever. You know
what I mean? Like there's a whole bunch
of stuff that goes into that. And that
all happens in inference, right? So now
it takes more tokens with the you can
increase the number of tokens you're
willing to spend on an answer and get a
better output as a result. All three of
those scaling laws, training, post-
training, and inference multiply
together, right? Because a better model
that's better tuned and willing to spend
more tokens on your your prompt to give
you a better response is benefiting from
all three of those scaling laws. So e
even if they were all only as fast as
Moore's law, that'd be 1.4* 4 * 1.4 *
1.4 which I don't know if that gives you
the 4.5 but you know like that's that's
what's happening here is you're
multiplying three scaling laws. So
now that we've kind of got this framed
as, you know, it's not really
necessarily an either or between AMD
versus Nvidia, that still begs the
question for, you know, someone who's
interested in investing in this space.
If you have to allocate, you know, how
much money do I want to if I'm putting
new, you know, net new dollars
&gt;&gt; Yeah. into an investment. How do you
think about the two different companies
when you're deciding on allocating
between Nvidia today and you know like
they obviously they have enjoyed a lot
of growth up to this point. Their
multiples are you know relatively low
compared to the growth that they're
seeing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but there's a lot of growth. you
know, they uh I think it was Brad
Gersonner on the All-In podcast recently
showed a little chart where, you know,
in 2022 or 2023, both Nvidia and AMD
were making like 23ish billion dollars a
year of annual revenue. And today AMD is
making about 33
&gt;&gt; and of course Nvidia I think is like 220
or something. So basically a 10x in
revenue for Nvidia uh compared to
&gt;&gt; AMD doing a one and a half times
&gt;&gt; revenue over, you know, you know, it's
one and a half times over a couple
years. That's not bad under normal
conditions for normal markets, but this
is anything but normal conditions and
anything but a normal market. Um, so
like it seems like there should be
potentially more upside for AMD if they
really can offer great products in this
market segment since they are behind the
curve and maybe they're they're finally
starting to be able to to get on the
wave. Um, but yeah, like how do you how
do you think about these two companies
as as investments at this point in time?
Um, and then I mean we can talk about
maybe some of these things individually,
but like there's ecosystem factors,
there's management factors, you know,
Lisa versus Jensen. Um, there's the pace
of development that these different
companies have. Totally.
&gt;&gt; Um, then architectures, you've got AMD's
chiplets versus Nvidia's much larger
monolithic designs. Um, yeah. So we can
start let's just start with the the high
level of how you think about it and then
we can kind of dig into some of those
more nitty-gritty elements of the
&gt;&gt; of the stack.
&gt;&gt; So So you said something interesting
that like I I want to pick on for a
minute and I I'm not picking on you,
right? But I do want to pick on this
mindset that you know, okay, one company
is performing very well, the other one
is not relatively speaking at least,
which means that second company has way
more upside. So, if I I I'm not a big
sports guy, so if I get this sports
analogy wrong, I apologize. Like, I make
spreadsheets for fun, if you know what
I'm saying. Um, but if there's a
football team that wins the Super Bowl
every year and they're constantly being
matched up against the 16th best
football team, right? Like bracket of
16, whatever, first versus last seed go
together.
Why are you betting on seed 16? You know
what I mean? Like clearly the guy
wearing all the Super Bowl rings is very
good at football. He's probably the safe
bet here, you know? So like when I hear
AMD has increased their revenue by 50%.
And Nvidia has increased their revenue
by a,000%. And is still climbing by the
way, right? Like they still have
earnings calls where they're delivering
double or close to triple digit year
overyear revenue growth, right? Why?
Like why? Where is the upside for AMD
here? Like I just it just it's a smaller
company so it has more room to grow to
get to Nvidia's valuation. Like it seems
to me that like people who say that
again not picking on you specifically
but people who say that that's more of a
gut feel than like a real analysis.
Small company lots of upside big company
not much more room to grow. But like one
thing I want to point out is I've been
making videos on Nvidia for about like
four years now right? And if you rewind
the clock to where Nvidia was like
300400 billion market cap, right? So
just a little bit bigger than AMD is
today. I got a lot of flack for saying
this company's going to 10x, right? No
one could. That's a $4 trillion
valuation, right? And the reason I got a
lot of flack is for exactly that
argument. It's already so big. It's at
all-time highs. No way it's getting
bigger. When there's a competitor
onetenth its size or half its size or
whatever, it's going to eat its launch.
same arguments, right? It turns out that
Nvidia grew from $400 billion to 4.5
trillion
faster than AMD 10x, you know, being
much smaller or whatever relative to its
valuation today, which is still only
around I want to say like three or 400
billion even after this frankly
comically massive OpenAI deal, right?
So, I just want to separate current size
from future growth because those two
things
almost have nothing like to do with each
other if you like look back in time,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great point. And um I
mean so how much of the
assumptions that a lot of investors have
about potential future growth
really stem from thinking about the
market as a fixed pie that someone's
getting share out of versus thinking
about the market as something that is
potentially at least in the for the
purposes of the next five years uncapped
upside.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. you I think you just hit the
nail on the head like that is why Nvidia
and AMD are not competing and what like
AMD is going to do fine but again you
you just talked about a chart where
people expect AMD's revenue to you know
grow at a moderate pace and I think that
same chart actually had Nvidia's revenue
like capping off you know kind of
growing steady up until 2027 and then
like being relatively flat after that
which makes absolutely no sense to me
but we'll see in a couple years right
like one thing I like doing is whenever
I see and sorry I'll answer your
question in a second. One thing I like
doing is whenever an analyst gives like
a pretty um unintuitive prediction like
that is I like to go back and look at
their other predictions and just are
they right? Like are they good at
spotting the trend? You know, for
example, Michael Bur really has like a
history of um predicting things that are
unlikely to happen, you know, so to
speak, and then they happen and you're
like, okay, there's like Michael Bur,
there's something to this guy, at least
in the areas of real estate and
whatever, right? So, you know, the
analysts who think that Nvidia
is going to have flat revenue in 2027
thought that for 2026, 2025, 2024, you
know what I mean? Like, they're the same
analysts who predict next year is the
year that Nvidia's revenue flattens out,
right? It's almost like the uh chart
that is somewhat famous at least among
the the Tesla community that Tony SA has
that shows you know people's predictions
of solar and you know it's clearly on
this exponential curve and then every
year it's just like oh it's going to be
flat. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is where it's like dude like
you're not even pretending to look at
the line you're trying to predict right
like exactly. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, you're you're a linear machine in
an exponential
&gt;&gt; in an exponential world. Fantastic
example. Like if when you edit this
podcast, please put that chart in
because like super duper relevant. Great
call out, right? Sorry, what was the
original question? Why are we what are
we
&gt;&gt; um we were talking Yeah. The I think the
question was how much of the that
mindset by investors is due to just
thinking that the market is a fixed size
and it's all about someone has to get
share like this is classic Gary Black
thinking, Wall Street thinking versus
like this market is growing and anyone
who can really produce competitive
products like will will be able to do
fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and it's definitely that
second one, right? So, like just imagine
you're uh, you know, you and me are in a
pie eating contest and we have one pie
between us and it's like obviously
whoever eats more pie wins. It's that
simple, right? Like whoever can eat the,
you know, you divide the pie into eight
slices. So, if I can eat five, I just
win. My only goal is to eat five because
that means you can't eat more than
three, right? Pizza, whatever, apple
pie, pick your favorite pie. If we have
that same context and that pie is
growing faster than we can eat it, we're
no longer in a contest to eat like to
just eat pie. We're in a contest just to
like eat as much pie as we can, right?
Just like whoever fills their belly the
most wins, right? That's what's
happening in AI. It's not I'm just
trying to eat five because that means
you can only eat three. It's the pie is
growing so fast, I need to figure out
how to efficiently eat pie. Right? It's
a silly example, but I'm trying to like
come up with a visualization we can all
understand regardless of our background.
Right? You you're in a situation where
you're not competing to with the guy to
your left or to your right. You're
playing an infinite game. You're you're
only competing with your own pace
because the market is growing much
faster than you can turn through it,
right? So I I I think that's all it
comes down to is like that mindset shift
of understanding that there is no Nvidia
versus AMD. First of all, their ch like
they're fundamentally different
companies from the ground up. And AMD
started as a CPU company. They bought
ATI, right? Like their Radeon line of
GPUs is a bot entity. And now it's
great. Like I'm not saying Radeon GPUs
are bad. Nvidia started with and will
end with making parallelized
computer chips. They've only ever made
GPUs. They now make CPUs that support
their GPUs in data centers. And I'm and
I know they're like now co-working with
Intel on making CPUs and all that, but
like their pet project is CPUs. AMD's
pet project is GPUs. You know what I
mean? So, it's a fundamentally different
like you're comparing apples and oranges
from the ground up. So, let's let's dive
a little deeper into the AMD versus
Nvidia competition, right?
The first thing that people need to
really understand is when AMD
outperforms Nvidia, it's for a very
specific benchmark. And that doesn't
make it bad. It doesn't make it wrong,
but they're picking large language
models, text to text, meaning text goes
in, the the model only turns through
text based outputs and text comes out,
right? You know, answer my basic
question, do a textbased search for me,
etc. Nvidia's ecosystem and the way
Nvidia thinks about generative AI in
general is not text to text. It's all to
all. Right? So text to video, video to
text, text to rendered code, code to
text, right? Like uh video to video,
audio to audio, protein folding, you
know, like whatever entity that has a
structure, you should be able to input
it. Oh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And also, you know, cross
modality. So like text to audio, text to
video, uh you know, video to driving
controls and
&gt;&gt; yeah, robotic controls and also like um
you know multi-in multi out, right? Like
here's a diagram and an explanation.
Give me an outputed diagram with another
explanation, right? So image and text to
image and text, image and text to
protein and text, right? So like you
know, etc., etc. Like they're not
optimizing for the same things. And they
again because they're not competing,
they don't have to. And this is where I
got a lot of my early Nvidia versus AMD
stuff wrong too is I'd be like, "Oh,
Nvidia is just better." You know what I
mean? CUDA is just better than Rock. The
hard like that's it. We're we're done
talking about it. When you're talking
about an infinitely expanding pie, there
are some slices that AMD is like AMD
solution is perfect fit for. You know
what I mean? Those are the slices AMD is
going to eat. It's Ethernet-based data
centers that are ecosystem agnostic that
just want to serve a lot of textbased
models very cheaply and roll into their
bigger ecosystem. AMD is very very very
well positioned for that and they're
going to that's why they're doing well,
right? Like like you said 50% revenue
growth over the last couple years is
like dude in a vacuum that's
outstanding. It only starts to look bad
when you compare them to Nvidia, right?
Like AMD in isolation that's those are
great returns man. Nvidia is, I think,
solving a fundamentally different
problem. They're chasing all three of
these scaling laws I talked about
earlier, training, post-training, and
inference at the highest level. Meaning,
multimodal models with billions and
trillions of parameters dedicated not
just to text, but audio, video,
rendering, code, protein, you know, like
multimodality,
large, extremely large context models.
And we can get into what all this jargon
means if we care and whatever, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I want to a ask two questions.
We'll start with the one on AMD and then
we'll I want to move back to one of
Nvidia's core competencies. So, you
know, the one for AMD is the
announcement of this big Open AI deal
which you said uh was comical compared
to like
&gt;&gt; the the size of the deal compared to
their current revenues in the segment is
massive. So if you know a lot of if ifs
you know if open AI can deliver if AMD
can deliver like it's huge and we assume
that you know it's not only going to be
open AI that's going to be customers of
the MI450 and you know
&gt;&gt; rightally there's there's a big Meta
deal where we know that Meta just
announced a 1 gawatt data center. it's
almost 100% guaranteed that at least a
big slice of that 1 gawatt data center
is going to be allocated to the MI450.
Um, and Oracle obviously is going to be
buying quite a few AMD GPUs. So, you
know, it does look like there's
potentially large growth on the horizon
that is much much faster for Nvidia,
especially relative or I mean for AMD,
especially relative to the size of their
current revenues. Sure. Um, so how are
you thinking about that dynamic right
now?
&gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I mean, if you asked me 6
months ago if AMD if sorry, let's let's
like level up this conversation for one
second. If you ever told me that a
company, any company would get a deal
for 20 times their annual sales, right,
of any product, I would be like, that is
crazy. And then if you said, oh, but
they only have four years to deliver it.
I'd be like, that's that's nuts, right?
So that's just to be clear, that's what
happened with AMD and OpenAI, right?
Delivering a gigawatt of GPUs every I
think it's a 4 gawatt deal if I remember
right or it's like
&gt;&gt; six gigawatts total over
&gt;&gt; one gone, right? Like
&gt;&gt; Yes. And one gigawatt is the first
milestone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they have like sort of like a
yearish to deliver those GPUs. So,
sorry, just to be clear, the way the
deal actually works is OpenAI has to um
deploy a gigawatt of AMD GPUs to reach
their first milestone to get their first
piece of equity from AMD, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; That implies AMD can deliver all those
GPUs for OpenAI to deploy them in the
first place is why I'm saying it that
way, right?
&gt;&gt; And it implies that OpenAI can spend
basically $50 billion in order to deploy
that first gigawatt,
&gt;&gt; but they're at least getting the GPUs
like up front and like, you know,
they're getting the money back and
equity from AMD and whatever, right?
Like it's not that part of the deal
that's interesting right now. Right now,
it's like, okay, AMD sells about 200,000
GPUs per year, data center GPUs. I
actually did the math in a recent video
on my channel. I double like it's around
200,000 GPUs. So the first um
performance milestone of this deal
implies that AMD will deliver five times
their annual sales of data center GPUs
to OpenAI to deploy. Right? It's just
like that's comically large. That's I'm
not saying they can't do it. I'm just
saying the deal is much more it's just
so big relative to what they have been
doing. It's a huge step function up in
their deliveries, right? So, I mean, I
don't feel bad for not seeing that
coming. I did the math on what that
would look like if Nvidia got a deal for
20 times their annual GPU sales. It's
120 gawatts of GPUs. That works out to
about 70 million GPUs,
which works out to roughly all of the
compute on Earth in every data center
ever put together right now. So, it's
like, of course, I would have never
thought, you know what I mean? Like,
it's just it's it's comically large.
like, you know, it doesn't mean AMD
can't do it. I'm not saying AMD can't do
it. I'm just saying it's a huge step
function for like relative to what they
have been doing.
&gt;&gt; Well, and it makes you wonder because I
did see a recent announcement from or a
recent uh excerpt from TSMC that said,
yes, demand for AI chips is much larger
than even we expected this year, like
just this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, they just had their
earnings and it's like, yeah, it's all
AI all the time, right? like every
everyone has pivoted all of their uh
like supply for TSMC's chips for the
like all of their production supply to
AI. It's absolutely ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; And so that brings me back to you know
one of the one of the things about
Nvidia as you mentioned is you know
they're thinking about solving all of
these problems that are really some of
the hardest problems at the frontier of
the field.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And part of that is the focus that
they have as a company on creating new
markets. Like we're going to solve a new
problem that's ridiculously hard
&gt;&gt; that has ridiculously large impact
potentially. And once we do, then boom,
that's a whole new market that's just
going to
&gt;&gt; want, you know, a whole new, you know, a
whole new segment of demand for GPUs.
Um, I has AMD ever created a market that
did not exist?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, not to my knowledge. And I'm
so I won't say that the answer is no.
But I think you're keying in on one of
the big differences between Nvidia and
AMD is Nvidia is not afraid to bet on a
zero billion dollar market. They're not
afraid to say, "Hey, we'll accelerate
this hard protein folding problem
because maybe that unlocks a huge market
in like gene discovery or drug discovery
and medicine and all this kind of stuff
that then we'll be the only accelerator
for, right? We have this giant library.
We have this hardware ecosystem. It sits
on top of a giant developer ecosystem.
So if we can grow this market from zero,
&gt;&gt; all the researchers who are working on
this problem use our
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So give the audience just a
little bit of background on your
personal experience with you know what
is it like to live inside of the CUDA
ecosystem as an academic researcher and
you know what are the hurdles that other
companies like AMD have trying to get
you to switch away from CUDA and Nvidia
cards in you know in a research field.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I mean the answer is going
to be like a lot simpler than like I
think most people think it is, right?
It's like once you've built code that
works, you're very hesitant to break it,
especially if like other people rely on
it. And so there's there's two phases,
right?
&gt;&gt; Can can you build code that works on AMD
from the beginning or is that basically
&gt;&gt; 100%. It Yeah. No, Rockom is Rockom's a
great ecosystem again like what Let me
ask you a quick question and then I
promise I'll I'll answer your question.
What kind of phone do you have?
Well, I have an iPhone. So,
&gt;&gt; why why do you have an iPhone?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all of the the classic
answers. The ecos, you know. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't need my phone to have the best
clock speed or the best camera. I just
need my phone to work. In fact, I go
about four years in between phones and I
don't even know of a Google Pixel that
will last you four years. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And sorry again just just to like
recap what you said because you know you
took the words that I was going to say
right out of my mouth is um it's not the
hardware right it's honestly not even
just like the iOS software itself it's
the ecosystem the apps are better they
run right out of the box you don't have
to think there's almost no customization
which is a good or a bad thing depending
on who you are
&gt;&gt; connects to my computer and my iPad and
my watch and
&gt;&gt; it just works right it just like end of
the day I click a button and I get what
I need done and I move on with my life
right that's what operating on CUDA is
like because when I'm trying to do
something complicated, the first thing I
see is like did somebody already build a
solution to this problem, this hard
acceleration problem, right? Like in my
case, it was signal processing
libraries, you know, that I needed to
use with radars, blah blah blah. Guess
what? Somebody has already accelerated,
you know, different kinds of radars and
like whatever we're trying to do on
CUDA. So the first thing I do is I
download all these pre-anned things and
I go, "Okay, how do I need to change
this to make it work for me?" But I'm
not starting from scratch, right? That's
what an ecosystem buys you on the front
end. It's just the ability to be like,
"Okay, what progress has been already
made inside this ecosystem?" By the way,
app developers for iPhone do the same
thing. They're not starting their app
from scratch. They're saying, "Okay, I
need I need this app to tell time. How
do other people do that? I need this app
to like grab the phone's geoloccation.
How do other people do that? What's the
blah blah blah blah blah? Right? So like
the first part of opening any project
when you have a large ecosystem is
simply what solutions can I already grab
to get 50 60 70% of the way there and
then innovate. Like the 30% I add is the
value that I'm trying to create, right?
Same thing on YouTube. We both make
YouTube videos. I didn't learn how to do
this from scratch. What did I do? I
turned around and I watched a YouTube
video. You know what I mean? Oh, I get
that mic. Okay, I get that camera. Oh,
okay. This is the software. I'm 50%
done. Okay, now how do I make my videos?
At least I'm not starting from scratch,
right? Cuda is like that. So the the big
thing that people need to understand is
that's the front end. And then the back
end is switching costs are much higher
than like most people will ever like
calculate because there's the cost of
switching which is like selling all your
Nvidia hardware, buying AMD's hardware,
transitioning the code, but there is the
morale cost of switching. There's the
emotional cost of switching, which
sounds funny to say, but if you've ever
coded something seriously and somebody
says, "Oh, that library that you rely
on, it it no longer works. You have to
start from scratch because now it's only
supported by this other completely
different language, other completely
different whatever." You're like, "Oh,
I'm I'm not maintaining this project
anymore. I am done with this project."
You take it off of your GitHub and you
move on with your life. You're not
transitioning it. Like, you know what I
mean? Because starting from scratch
after solving a problem is too painful,
you know,
&gt;&gt; especially Yeah. when you're you're you
have to solve the problem that you
solved except to like if you contributed
40% of the solution before, now you've
got to go 70% of the way there. So it's
like double the work or more.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Of Yeah. For forget if you're
you work with a big team and a couple
key people left and like you know the
actual dynamics in in like a knowledge
worker workplace which is like I didn't
write this code, we wrote this code. I
wrote this tiny function but you know
when I was working on a radar it wasn't
me right it was like a team of 12 15 18
engineers I wrote like the tiny snippets
that use AI here and like pipe in
signals there but like a lot of smart
PhDs that have come and gone have wrote
other code that makes all that stuff
work I'm not rewriting anything they
wrote like if they're already gone you
know so it's like multiply that problem
by every field by every project by every
company and that's why AMD is having
such a hard time if you're comparing
Rockom to CUDA, which we started this
whole conversation saying that's not a
good way to do it because there are real
markets where Rockom is the answer. It's
just those markets are much smaller,
much more specific than the general CUDA
market. And that's like one of the
biggest advantages Nvidia has is like
there's a reason we all have iPhones.
There's a reason, right? It's the same
reason most people use CUDA. Mhm. Well,
and yeah, especially within the
research, you know, so the use cases
that you're talking about where AMD is
exceptional and they win tend to be
business use cases where someone has
like a large workload that they need to
run and they have high confidence that
that specific workload can be optimized
to run on AMD software and hardware. um
like you don't typically see that at the
bleeding edge of research and
development for
&gt;&gt; anything commercially or
in research. Yeah. It's like, oh, we we
got the prototype to work once.
&gt;&gt; Somebody smarter than us will make it
again for mass production, right? Like
this is, by the way, something Elon Musk
is incredible at is he's really good at
like taking a prototype and saying,
"Okay, how do we make a version of this
that can be mass prodduced, right? And
that is an unbelievably powerful and
unbelievably rare skill." But that's the
difference is like academia cares about
solving a problem even if it's a little
janky, right? Like you want to optimize
it, especially if that's like the heart
of the research. Like a lot of the
papers I worked on and stuff like that
were about making a janky process less
janky. Like that's just the best way of
putting it, right? But eventually it's
like the next level of non-jankiness is
actually production ready code. That's
not what we do here. Kick that to a
giant company. They'll build the real
thing that makes it to the market, not
us. You know what I mean? We build the
first one, they build the 10 millionth
one. Right. But it does create a lot of
momentum when
you're talking about generating these
new markets and the markets come out of
research and development and it's like
all of the you know all of the mind
share of all the people working on the
project really is all locked inside of
CUDA just because it is so easy for them
to like everybody that they're working
with is also developing on CUDA. Um and
so yeah it's like
&gt;&gt; whatever those I think that's one of the
things that for investors
&gt;&gt; you know training it is that linear
thing training is Nvidia's market like
Nvidia has training market on lockdown
and so they're going to continue to have
you know whatever high 90% share of
training but training is not going to
grow and there's not going to be any new
markets that are going to invented that
GPUs are excellent at and that CUDA is
excellent for um and so therefore, you
know, that's why you see the chart bend
over and they're going to go into to
flat revenue growth
&gt;&gt; and also training and inference will
never be one market, right? Like that
that's also implied in that chart,
right?
&gt;&gt; It totally and um yeah, like I would
just say that that fundamentally
misunderstands
Nvidia's entire
company philosophy. Like Jensen is a
student of Clayton Christensen and
disruptive innovation and he knows
like if you were to tell him today that
Nvidia 5 years from now will primarily
be a training compute company he would
he's like oh well then Nvidia is dead
&gt;&gt; like will have been disrupted
&gt;&gt; for sure. And so like if we don't create
new markets between now and then, if we
don't drive incremental new demand for
computing by solving incredibly hard
problems, which you know, if you listen
to the GTC conferences, he's already
talking about what those next things are
going to be. It's going to be robotics.
It's going to be stuff in healthcare
like drug discovery and u material
science and all sorts of different
things, fusion
&gt;&gt; potentially like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. then then he would assume that
Nvidia will have gone bankrupt if they
don't succeed at creating those new
markets. And then when you hear Lisa and
AMD, they're talking about hey like we
just want to try and capture share in
you know inference which is going to be
big and growing um mostly and like we
would like for our computers hopefully
to be at least a viable option for some
training.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's a like there's a really
great TED talk. It's like got to be like
15 years old now. But it's like if
you've ever seen the TED talk by Simon
Syninek, he's had like a couple really
good ones, but the one I'm talking about
I think is called the infinite game. So
like he was talking about how Steve Jobs
is playing the infinite game where it's
like he's trying to create the best
product for the most people, right? The
iPhone, the iPad, like I think then it
was just the iPhone, right? And
Microsoft at the time with their
Microsoft
&gt;&gt; phone whatever
the iPod versus the Zoom,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah, you're right. So, and like
Steve Jobs only cared about one thing,
making the best iPod. Everyone on the
Zoom team, Zoom team cared about what
the next iPod was, so they knew how to
like incrementally improve on that,
right? The Microsoft team was looking
left and right, and Steve Jobs was only
looking straight ahead. I think that's
the difference between Nvidia and AMD
today. And by the way, there's nothing
wrong with either of those paradigms,
right? Like, if you're going to treat it
as a competition, you should know what
your competitors are doing. But there's
a reason that I think Nvidia wins and
it's because they're not afraid to
invest in those zer billion dollar
markets to capture them when they're
hundred billion dollar markets, right?
Knowing that not every market will get
there. But like the drug discovery and
protein folding is not something people
thought 5 years ago would be done with
generative AI and now the only way to do
it with generative AI broadly speaking
95% market share or whatever is with
CUDA, right? So, I think that's the
smart way to play this game. And it's
the only way you can play it when the
pie is growing much faster than you can
eat it is like you need to look at the
horizon and be like, I need to
fundamentally change my pie eating
strategy because there's something
unique and special about this moment in
time, right? I can't look at what the
other guy is eating. I have to just
focus on grabbing the most pie I can
while it's growing, you know?
&gt;&gt; Agreed. I'm going to pin you down here
at the end of the episode on like if you
had $1,000 today. You know, what
percentage are you allocating to AMD?
What percentage are you allocating to
Nvidia? But before we get to that
question, I did want to maybe address a
pattern matching thing that I see among
investors that
&gt;&gt; um you know, I think people say, okay,
Lisa Sue, turn around AMD, incredible.
um she basically
&gt;&gt; was able to kill Intel and Intel was the
biggest company in computing. And so
therefore, because Lisa Sue was able to
kill Intel, there's a good chance and it
may be a chance worth taking that she
can kill Nvidia and Jensen Wong. And I
would caution investors if that is the
underlying logic behind your investment
thesis that uh Jensen Wong is founder
CEO of Nvidia and he is still running
Nvidia as a founder company
when Lisa Sue finally killed Intel and I
mean they are basically dead. Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah sure I mean government bailouts why
Yeah. Yeah. You've hit the bottom. Yes,
when that happened, they were not a
founder company. They were trapped at
like the far ends of the innovators and
what I just talked about earlier with
with Jensen like the strategy of
creating new markets
and exploiting them. That is Jensen's
solution to escaping the innovators
dilemma problem. And Intel was like at
the very tail end of being a dead and
dying dinosaur when and so was AMD. That
that was the like the reason that Bisau
Sue was able to turn around AMD is
because they were also that. And so like
she managed to get them to escape from
the innovator's dilemma trap at a time
when Intel could not escape the
innovator's dilemma trap. And so like
that's how the structure of Lisa Sue's
ability to, you know, gain quite a bit
of market share against Intel in this
much more fixed pi world of CPU
computing which is not growing anywhere
at the level that GPU computing is. Um,
and so anyways, I wouldn't generalize
her ability to be able to disrupt Intel
to then being able to disrupt Nvidia.
And and just to be clear, like Intel put
itself in a position to be disrupted.
Like Intel was the king. Uh Intel has
like does two very incredibly difficult
things. It started failing at one of
them. So both AMD and Intel design
chips, but Intel also builds their chips
where AMD does not. Correct. So
&gt;&gt; anymore they used to sold right before
she took over I think or maybe I think
that was before her tenure that they had
sold Global Foundaries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and gone directly with TSMC.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that I mean also a brilliant
move, but like really what h the start
of Intel's downfall was when they didn't
invest in like the latest EUV
technology. This is like more than a
decade ago now. And they started losing
big clients like Apple. Like Intel used
to make all the chips in Apple's
MacBooks I want to say and like I want
to say in some of their iPhones. I I
like can't remember now because it's
like been a while since that happened.
But like then they couldn't they just
like couldn't deliver the chips on time
and Apple went somewhere else. You know
what I mean? So it's like it's not AMD
killed Intel. It's Intel killed Intel
and AMD filled the vacuum. So then if
you frame it that way, it's like will
Nvidia make a critical fatal mistake the
same way that Intel did? That's the real
question you're asking because AMD did
not kill Intel. They just filled the
void that Intel left. And and greatly
so, by the way. Like they make great
data center CPUs. Nobody's arguing that.
I I don't see Jensen making any
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; fatal m like of course there's going to
be missteps, bad investments, libraries
that don't pay off, chips that don't get
sold as blah blah blah blah blah. Like
no, no one's saying Nvidia is flawless
and won't make any mistakes, but making
a fatal mistake where AMD can jump in, I
I I would bet money. And probably to
answer your next question or the
question you asked previously, how much
money would I bet even just going just
by their market share today, you know,
and adjusting for their growth or
whatever, I would put $900 in Nvidia and
maybe $100 in AMD, you know what I mean?
because of what I just said. I do not
see like Nvidia's risk management when
technical risk management is so good and
there is so diversified compared to what
we spent this whole video talking about
which is AMD is really only after one
slice of the pie and if they don't win
it that's it right like that's why their
growth has only been you know low double
digits year after year their data center
revenue is not still not bigger than
their gaming revenue right whereas
Nvidia's I want to say 88% of their
revenue comes from data centers and then
you know so it's like which which
company is more exposed to AI the
company that makes 88% of their money
from AI or the company that makes like
30 or 40% of their money from AI you
know so yeah and I mean if they do
inflect upwards in that growth towards
AI obviously it could be a great time to
be on the you know on the wave for AMD
But yeah, when you think about one of
the things that I learned from a guy
named Dave Lee who's, you know, really a
big Tesla investor
&gt;&gt; um was, you know, the size of the
ambition of the the company that you're
invested in really matters.
&gt;&gt; And when you see, you know, Jensen's
ambition for what it is that he's trying
to create, it's obviously much larger
than the ambition that AMD is really
chasing. Um, and so, you know, if he can
if he can execute on his vision, like if
you if you said that both Jensen and
Lisa executed extremely well on their
vision for what the future can be, one
of those futures is a much larger future
than the other one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You could also take the downside
of that, like the same question, but
just flip it. If both of them miss their
vision by 50%.
Which company would you bet on? Jensen
all day, right? It's like if Lisa Sue
misses her vision by 50% that's flat
growth, right? If Jensen misses by 50%,
he's got a 10 trillion dollar company.
You know what I mean? So like if he's
wrong by I actually did the math in
another one of my videos. It's like
let's just cut all like we don't trust
Jensen, right? It was actually my
reaction to the BG2 pod where he was on.
It's like, okay, he's saying all these
big numbers. Just first thing we do is
we cut him in half because we don't
trust him. Oh, the market's still so
insanely large. Yeah. You know what I
mean? So it's like when you play those
games, just cut the number in half.
Would you still bet on it? You know, so
that that's how I think about these
things. Well, like, you know, when the
market gets so big, you can't really
imagine like what is a 10 trillion
dollar market? I don't know how to
imagine that. So it's like, okay, scale
it down and try to like picture it in
units of Microsoft in units, you know,
like things like that. And it's like,
okay, what is like go from there, you
know?
&gt;&gt; Yep. So,
&gt;&gt; well, I think that might be a a great
place to wrap up here. Um, this was an
awesome show. Thanks for coming on with
me today and helping us get brighter.
Um, yeah, there's a, you know, a lot of
complicated issues and questions and you
did a great job of explaining the
reasoning behind it and I really
thoroughly enjoyed this. So, hopefully
the audience does as well. Um, obviously
they can find you on YouTube at
tickerolu.u. got links down in the
description for that. Is there anywhere
else that you'd like to direct viewers?
&gt;&gt; Nope. I'm primarily on YouTube. I do a
little bit on X, like I kind of copy and
paste stuff over there, too. But
definitely, you know, if you're
interested in learning about AI and the
chips that power it, check out my
channel.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. All right. Well, have a great
day and uh we will catch everyone on the
flip