Channel:     tesla
Title:       Tesla Q1 2025 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs4cfyyMWhQ
Published:   2025-04-22 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 09:06 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Music]
Hey, hey,
hey.
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey,
heat.
Heat. Hey, Heat.
[Music]
Hey, ah.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat. Heat.
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's first quarter 2025 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axarrod, head of
investor relations, and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk, Debateneia, and a number
of other executives. Our Q1 results were
announced at about 3 p.m. Central time
in the update deck be published at the
same link as this webcast. During this
call, we will discuss our business
outlook and make forward-looking
statements. These comments are based on
our predictions and expectations as of
today. actual events or results could
differ materially to a number due to a
number of risks and uncertainties,
including those mentioned in our most
recent filings with the SEC. During the
question and answer portion of today's
call, please limit yourself to one
question and one follow-up. Please use
the raise hand button to join the
question cube. Before we jump into Q&amp;A,
Elon will be providing an update.
Elon, hello everyone. Well, it's never a
dull moment these days. Um, one thing's
for sure. Every day is going to be
exciting.
Um, as people know, there's been some
blowback for the time that I've been
spending in government with the
Department of Government Efficiency or
Doge. Um, I think the work that we're
doing there is actually very important
for trying to rein the insane deficit
that is leading our country, the United
States to destruction. Um, and the Doge
team has made a lot of progress in
addressing waste and fraud. The natural
blowback from that is those who were
receiving the wasteful dollars and the
fortunate dollars um will try to attack
uh me and those team and anything
associated with me. So but then I'm
really left with two choices. Should we
just let the waste and fraud continue?
Um and it was continuing at a to to grow
at an really unsustainable pace that was
bankrupting the country.
um or to fight the waste and fraud and
try to get the country back on the right
track. And I I believe the the right
thing to do is to fight the waste and
fraud and get the country back on the
right track and working together with
the President Trump and his
administration. Um because if the ship
of America goes down, we all go down
with it, including Tesla and everyone
else.
So, I think this is uh this critical
work. Now, the protests that you'll see
out there, they're very organized.
They're paid for.
Um they're they're obviously not going
to uh say admit that the reason that
they're protesting is because they're
receiving fraudulent money um or or that
they're the recipients of wasteful lodge
s. But they're going to they're going to
come up with some other reason. Um but
that is the the the real reason for the
protests. The actual reason is that is
that those receiving the waste and fraud
wish to continue receiving it. That is
the real thing that's going on here
obviously.
So, uh, now that said, I I I do think
there's,
um, you know, the the
the large slug of work necessary to get
the village team in place and working,
the government to uh, get the financial
house in order is mostly done. Um, and I
think uh,
starting probably in next
month May um my time allocation
uh to do will drop significantly. Um I
I'll have to continue doing it for I
think the probably the remainder of the
president's term just to make sure that
the waste and fraud that we stop does
not come roaring back.
uh which we'll do if if it has the
chance. Um so
uh so I think I I'll continue to spend
you know a day or two per week on um
government matters for as long as the
president would like me to do so um and
as long as it is useful. Uh but starting
next month um I'll be allocating um far
more of my time to Tesla and
uh now that the the major work of
establishing the department of
government efficiency is done.
So,
um, at Tesla, we've gone through many,
many a crisis over the
years. Um, and actually been through
many near many near-death experiences.
Um, we're probably on the ragged edge of
death at least on maybe a dozen times.
It's been so so many times. Um, this is
not one of those times. We're not on the
ragged edge of death. Not even close.
Um
so but but you know there are some are
some challenges. Um and I expect that
this year will
be there'll probably be some unexpected
bumps this
year. Uh but I remain extremely
optimistic about the future of the
company.
Um the future of the company is
fundamentally based on
uh large scale autonomous cars
uh and lot and and and large scale being
large volume vast numbers of autonomous
humanoid robots.
So the
u the value of a company that that makes
truly useful autonomous humanoid robots
and
autonomous useful vehicles at scale at
low cost which is what Tesla is going to
do is uh staggering. Um I I continue to
believe that Tesla with uh excellent
execution will be the most valuable
company in the world by
far. Um so that's an important if we
must execute well. Um but uh if we do
execute well um I I do I think Tesla
will be the most valuable company in the
world by far. It may be as valuable as
the next five companies combined.
So
uh but there'll be a few bumps along the
road before before that happens. Um I
said I think on the last morning's call
that you know the we'll start to see
um the prosperity of
autonomy take effect in a material way
around the middle of next year. We still
expect we expect to have be selling
fully autonomous rides in June in Austin
as as we've been saying for now several
months. So that that's continued.
The real question from financial
standpoint is when does it really become
material and affect the bottom line of
the company? Um and and start to be a
fundamental part of the of of the of the
uh when does it move the financial
needle in a significant way? That's
probably
um around the middle of next year,
second half of next year. uh and then
once it does start move the move the
national needle in a such a significant
way it will really go exponential from
there. So that's I'd encourage people to
look beyond like the you know
uh some sort of bumps and
potholes of the road immediately ahead
of us. But uh lift your gaze to
the bright
[Music]
shining, you know, citadel on a hill. I
don't know, some Reaganesque imagery.
Um and
uh that's where we're headed and not not
not too distant future, like I said, and
the next year type thing. So
um let's see.
Um, with respect to supply chain risk,
something that's something that Tesla
has been working on for several years is
to localize supply chains. Um, this
actually makes sense from a a cost
standpoint, from a and from a logistics
risk standpoint.
um is is to have have the supply chains
be at least located on the continent in
which the car is
built. And so we are I think the
least company the least affected car
company uh with with respect to tariffs
uh at least in most respects. I mean it
remains to be seen.
Um and now now tariffs are
still you know tough on a company when
margins are still low. Um
but we we do have localized supply
chains in um both America, Europe and
China.
So that's uh that puts us in a stronger
position than any of our
competitors. Um
And I undoubtedly I'm going to get a lot
of questions about tariffs and I I just
want to emphasize that um this this the
tariff decision is entirely up to the
president of the United States. Um I
will weigh in with my advice with the
president which he he he will listen to
my advice but then it's up to him of
course to make his decision. Um I I've
been on the record many times as saying
that I believe lower tariffs are
generally a good idea um for prosperity.
Um but this decision is fundamentally up
to the elected representative of the
people being the president of the United
States. So um you know I'll continue to
advocate for
um lower tariffs rather than higher
tariffs but uh that's all I can do. So
um now now let me walk you through why
I'm so excited about the future of
Tesla. So first of all autonomy. The
team and I are laser focused on bringing
robo taxi to Austin in June. Um
unsupervised autonomy will first be
solved for
um uh for for the Model Y in
um in Austin. And then actually we
should parse out the terms robotic taxi
or robo taxi and just generally like
what's the the cyber cab because we've
got a product called the cyber cab and
then but any any uh Tesla which could be
an S3X or Y that is autonomous is a
robotic taxi or robo taxi. It's very
confusing.
Um, so the vast majority of of the Tesla
fleet that we've made is capable of
being a robo taxi or robotic taxi.
Um, and uh, as we're going
from once again make the whole the
system work where you can have paid
rides fully autonomously with no one in
the car in in one city. that that that
is a very scalable thing for us to go
broadly within what whatever
jurisdiction allows us to to operate. So
because what what we're solving for is a
general solution to autonomy um not a
city specific solution for autonomy
uh once we make it work in a few cities
we can basically make it work in all
cities in that in in that legal
jurisdiction. So if it's once we can
make a place to work in a few cities in
America, we can make work anywhere in
America. Uh once we can make work in a
few cities in China, can make can work
anywhere in China. Likewise in Europe.
Um limited only by regulatory
approvals. Um so this is the advantage
of having a generalized solution using
uh artificial intelligence uh and the uh
an AI chip that Tesla designed
specifically for this purpose.
Um as opposed to very expensive sensors
and high precision maps of a particular
neighborhood where that neighborhood may
change or often changes and then the car
stops working. So we have a general
solution instead of a specific
solution.
Um
yeah and
um regard to Optimus um making good
progress in Optimus
uh we expect to have
um thousands of of Optimus robots
working in Tesla factories by the end of
this year going forward.
Um and uh we expect to scale Optimus
up faster than any product I think in
history.
Um to get to uh millions of units per
year as soon as possible. I I think uh
feel confident in getting to a million
units per year in less than five
years, maybe four years.
So you 20 2030 I feel confident in
predicting a million Optimus units per
year and it might be
2029. So let's see with respect to
energy our energy business is doing very
well. Um the mega pack is
uh enables um utility companies to
output far more total energy than would
otherwise be the case.
Um when you think of the the energy
capability of a grid, it's much it's
much more than if they say total energy
output per year is if if if a power
plants could operate at peak
power for all 24 hours as opposed to
being at half power, sometimes a quarter
power at night.
uh then you could double the energy
output
uh of existing power plants but in order
to do that you need to buffer the energy
so that you can charge up the something
like battery pack at night and then
discharge into the grid during the day.
So this is
a a massive unlock on
total energy output of any given grid uh
over the course of a year.
uh and utility companies are beginning
to realize this and are are buying in
our mega packs at scale. So at this
point uh a gigawatt class battery
factory is uh quite a common thing. So
we have many orders in the offer for
gigawatt and beyond uh
factories. Um and we expect the energy
the the stationary energy storage
business to scale ultimately to
ter. So very very good
numbers.
Um, now Q1, you know, first quarters of
of a year are are usually pretty tricky
uh because it's often it's usually the
worst quarter of the year because people
uh don't want to go buy a car in the
middle of winter during a blizzard. So
um and and and this so so we we picked
Q1 as like a good quarter to do
a a cut over to the new version of the
Model Y and we changed
production of the world's bestselling
car with remembering the Model Y is the
bestselling car of any kind on Earth uh
with a 1.1 billion unit per year output
of a single model. Um, and we did this
change over at the same time in
factories all across the world. So,
congratulations to the Tesla team on an
amazing job and pulling off what is a
very difficult
transition.
Um, so yeah, it's uh it really that was
very impressive work.
Um,
so
yeah, in conclusion, while there are
many near-term headwinds for us in the
broader industry, the future for Tesla
is brighter than ever. Um, the value of
the company is delivering sustainable
abundance with our affordable AI powered
robots. So this this phrase, I like this
phrase.
sustainable abundance for
all. If you say like what's the ideal
future that you could imagine, that's
what you'd want. You'd want abundance
for all in a way that's sustainable. Um
it's good for the environment.
Basically, this is the happy future. If
you say what's what's the happiest
future you could imagine of one which is
that would be a future where there's
sustainable abundance for all. closest
thing to heaven we can get on earth
basically. So, thank you again to the
Tesla team
for all their efforts of this of the
challenging time. Um, I look forward to
continuing to lead the team uh
to great success in the future.
Great. Thank you very much, Elon. Uh,
before we move on, Bev has some opening
remarks as well. Thanks Elon. As Elon
mentioned in Q1, we achieved something
which has never been undertaken in the
automotive industry of updating all our
factories for the bestselling car in the
world all at the same time. And this is
this people don't understand this was
not a small feat.
We're not aware of anybody else being
able to do the bestselling car all at
once within a quarter and that to
hitting all the timelines which we had
established at the beginning. So I mean
big kudos to the team for making this
happen. Additionally we also hit record
gross profit for energy storage business
in the
quarter. Now getting back into the
business there's been a lot of
speculation as to the reasons for
decline of our vehicle deliveries in the
first quarter. We had previously guided
that we will be updating all factories
and this would lead to several weeks of
lost production which did happen as per
the ripple effect of the change is not
having enough new model Y available in
most markets for people to see and
experience till the last few weeks of
the quarter.
Additionally, the negative impact of
vandalism and unwarranted hostility
towards our brand and our people had an
impact in certain markets. Despite this,
we were able to sell out legacy Model Y
in US, China and a few other markets
within the world. And again, you know,
just so people understand, we were
producing the legacy Model Y till middle
to end of February and we switched over
and we were able to still sell out
within that period. So again, big
achievement by all the people at Tesla
to make it happen.
We've been extremely we have a very
extremely competitive vehicle lineup
which with most vehicles going through a
recent update and add to that advances
in FSD you have a personal chauffeur
which can take you almost anywhere under
supervision. There are numerous stories
shared by customers ranging from how it
has improved their daily commute to
providing mobility to customers with
disabilities to giving older customers
the ability to travel comfortably and
independently. Not only is FSD
supervised safer than a human driver,
but it is also improving the lives of
individuals who experience it. And
again, this is something you have to
experience and anybody who has
experienced just knows it. And you know,
we've been doing a lot lately to try and
get those stories out at least on X so
that people can see how other people
have benefited from this.
Now coming into some of the financial
stuff. Uh auto margins declined
sequentially primarily due to the
reduction in the total number of
deliveries. Lower fixed cost absorption
uh due to factory change awards and
lower regulatory credit revenues offset
slight by a slight increase in pricing
due to the launch of new model Y despite
incentives which we had to sell legacy
model Y. Our energy storage business
like I said before has achieved yet
another mile milestone of great highest
gross profit in the quarter. This was
despite you know sequential decline in
deployments. The importance of this
business as Ian mentioned is pretty
profound especially in this environment
because you know if in order for grid uh
to work properly with the demands from
AI and all this you need some more
stability and this is by far the
simplest and best solution which we are
aware of which can help do this and
we've also developed certain unique
solutions to help our customers to
achieve this.
Additionally, you know, on the Power
Wall side, we've been uh selling the new
Power Wall 3 and you know, it's been
received with very good reception from
customers and to the extent that we are
currently supply
constraint on services and other
margins. They were slightly down
sequentially primarily because of the
pressure on our used car business and
insurance business. Note that we
continued our journey to improve
profitability in our services and
collision business through parallel
productivity. As previously discussed,
our operating expenses continue to
increase sequentially primarily due to
our AI related initiatives including
Optimus and also cost of development for
vehicle programs including cyber gap,
semi and cheaper models. These expenses
flow through R&amp;D. We believe even in the
current environment it is the right
strategy to keep making investments in
these areas position us for the long
term. These increases were offset by
decreases and SGNA from changes in our
mole flow
program. Other income reduced
significantly on a sequential basis. The
primary reason was bit Bitcoin
marktomarket loss in Q1 versus gain in
Q4. resulting in a 472 million drop. The
remainder of the change is because of FX
reimagement. With the adoption of the
new mark to market standard for Bitcoin,
we expect increased volatility in other
other income in addition to the effects
of
volatility. I know we tariffs is the
hottest topic which people talk about
and it has various impacts to our
business on as Elon mentioned you know
on the vehicle business we've been on
this journey of regionalization for
years specifically in the US model Y has
been rated the most American model made
car on cars.com made in America index
three years in a row. This is in part is
of the all the work which the team has
been doing over the years and to the
extent that today you know if you look
at our vehicle lineup in US we're about
approximately on a weighted average
basis 85% USMCA
compliant. So like Elon said, this
definitely gives us a bigger edge as
compared to our other OEMs in terms of
managing the tariffs, but we're not
immune because when the 23 section 232
auto tariffs become effective in May,
which includes Canada and Mexico, and
Canada and Mexico has been part of our
regionalization
strategy and I know research modeling on
this impact has been up about couple of
thousand give it which is pretty much in
line with what we've been
forecasting. The impact of tariffs on
the energy business will be outsized
since we source LFP battery cells from
China. We are in the process of
commissioning equipment for the local
manufacturing of LFP battery cells in
the US. However, the equipment which we
have can only service a fraction of our
total installed capacity at
less also been working on securing
additional supply chain from non-China
based suppliers but it will take
time also note that you know mega
irrespective all all the impact on US
from from our energy from tariffs on the
energy business we do have megaactory
China which just started operations at
Q1 and that are that that should take
care of our business outside of
US. There's also an important impact of
tariffs on our capital investments. I
know this is going to sound
counterintuitive since in order to on
onore manufacturing or expand lines, we
have to bring equipment from outside the
US because there is not that much
capacity in US and the current trade
environment. You know such equipment
being brought in is subject to the
expense of bringing in from China right
now.
Exactly. And and the reality is that
China has the basic one which has the
most capacity to provide
these our capex guidance inclusive of
model tariffs. Even with the
optimization we've tried to do it is
forecasted to be still in excess of 10
billion this year. and we're still
evaluating what more to do on this end.
To summarize, we have near-term
challenges in our business due to
tariffs and brand image. We think our
strategy of providing the best product
at a competitive price is going to be a
winner and this is the reason we still
focus on bringing cheaper models to
market soon with startup production
still planned for June.
Additionally, the advancement in FSD
related features, including pilot robot
taxi launch in Austin later this year,
should help create a new era of demand.
I would like to thank everyone at Tesla
and our customers.
Fantastic. Thank you very much. Uh now
we will move on to investor questions.
Uh we will start with questions from
say.com.
First question is what are the highest
rit highest risk items on the critical
path to robo taxi launch and scaling?
Uh is that sh Yeah, we got a shine. Uh
sure. Well, just to just um clarify the
um just disambiguate the cyber cap from
robo taxi once again.
Um, so, uh, the when will that the
Teslas because the Teslas that will be
fully autonomous in June in Austin are
will be Model Y's.
Um,
so that is
um that's that's currently on track uh
to to be able to do paid rides fully
autonomously in Austin in June.
um and
uh and and then to be
in many other cities in the US by the
end of this year.
Um it's very difficult it's difficult to
predict the exact ramp sort of week by
week or month by month except that it
will ramp up very quickly. Um, so it's
going to be like some basically an
S-curve where it's very difficult to
predict the intermediate slope of of the
Scurve, but you kind of know where the
S-curve is going to end up, which is the
vast majority of the Tesla fleet being
autonomous. Um,
so that that's why I feel confident in
predicting large scale
autonomy around the middle of next year.
you know, certainly the second half of
next year, meaning I I break that there
will be millions of Teslas operating
autonomously, fully autonomously
um in the second half of next year.
Um yeah,
uh it does see it does seem increasingly
likely that there will be
um a localized
uh parameter set of
um you know like that that the
um if especially
for
uh places that have say very snowy
weather like say if you're in the
northeast or something like there's you
can think of it it's kind of like a
human like you know if you you could be
a very good driver in California but are
you going to be also a good driver in a
blizzard in
Manhattan you're not going to be as good
um so there is actually some value in
you can still drive but your probability
of an accident is higher So there's it's
it's increasingly obvious that there's
some value to um having
um a a
localized set of parameters for
uh different you know different regions
and
um and
localities but but this is I put that in
the nice stamp category not it's not the
required
category again It's very the car is just
very much like a human. It's it's
digital neural nets and cameras and
humans operate with biological neural
nets and
eyes. And so the same strengths or
weaknesses will be present
um for you know a digital neural net and
and cameras versus a biological neural
net and
eyes if you'd like to elaborate on that.
Yeah, and speaking to the location
specific models, we still have a
generalized approach and you can see
that from uh you know deployment of FSD
supervised in China where with just very
minimal data that's like China specific,
the models generalize quite well to
completely different driving styles. Uh
that just like shows that the A based
solution that we have is the right one.
uh because you know if you had gone down
the previous uh rulebased solutions or
like more hardcoded HD mapbased
solutions it would have taken like many
many years to get China to work you can
see those in the videos that people post
online themselves.
Um so the generalized solution that we
are uh pursuing is the right one that's
going to scale well. Uh and you can
think of this like location specific
parameters that you don't need to as
like a mixture of experts and if you're
um sort of like familiar with the AI
models like Grock and others they all
use these mixture of experts to sort of
like specialize the parameters to
specific tasks while still being
general. This makes the um com uh the
model use limited amount of compute to
solve for the diversity of tasks that it
has to solve. Uh in terms of addressing
the question that as for you know what
are the critical things that we need to
get right. Uh one thing I would like to
note is validation. Uh self-driving is a
longtail problem where there can be a
lot of edge cases that only happen very
very rarely. Uh currently we are driving
around in Austin using our QA fleet but
then it's like super rare to get uh
interventions uh that are critical for
robot taxi operation. uh and so you can
like go many days without getting a
single intervention. So you can't uh
easily know whether you are improving or
regressing in your capacity. Um and we
need to build out sophisticated
simulations uh including neural network
based video generation. Uh that's that's
all happening in the background to make
sure that we deliver a safe product and
we we are able to measure our safety
even though we can't just like see it um
by driving around the block or something
like that.
Um, I mean, in very basic terms, if if
that if if we're seeing an accident
every 10,000 miles, well, well, then you
have to drive 10,000 mi on average
before you get an accident or an
intervention. So, it's like, okay, now
imagine I mean, we must be really
uh must be very worked out by the sheer
number of Teslas doing in in Austin
right now. We're like, well, it's going
to look pretty bizarre.
Some people are chasing us away.
Yeah, there's just always a convoy of
Teslas going going all Well, just going
all over to Austin in circles. Um, but
yeah, as I just can't emphasize this
enough, in order to get figure out these
longtail things, you if it's one in
10,000, let's say it's one in 20,000
miles or one in 30 that now, you know,
the average person drives 10,000 mi in a
year. So now try to compress that test
cycle into a matter of, you know, a few
months. That means you need a lot of
cars uh doing a lot of
driving
um in order to compress that to do do in
a in a matter of a month what would
normally take someone a year.
Yeah. And I would just al also add that
you know if you haven't looked at those
videos coming out of China people are Oh
yeah those videos are amazing. Yeah.
They're putting it to real test. I mean
they're dirt roads. Frankly, I think the
Chinese consumer might be the most
American consumer
and I actually customers in China are
awesome. They have a lot of fun with the
cars. I saw one guy uh take a Tesla
on autonomous on a narrow dirt road.
Yes. Across like a mountain and I'm like
very brave person. and the sense is
driving along off on a road with no
barriers where everyone makes a mistake,
he's going to plunge to his doom. But it
worked.
Great. Thank you. And if if the question
was on cyber
capable validation now. Yeah. Yeah, we
should ask that question too. Yeah. We
have uh our first like
uh like big builds coming at the end of
this quarter um within Q2 and then you
know in the coming months we start to
large scale um you know installation of
all the equipment in Giga Texas with you
know still on schedule for production
next year. Yeah. And I just want to also
clarify because I think people don't
understand they think that there's no
new building being built and where is
Cyber Cap going
to the same factory. Yeah. Yeah,
every is that it's happening and people
don't know it's just happening upstairs
and all along lines while we're still
building the Model Y and Cyber Trucks
every day. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's worth
noting that the you know the the Tesla
Gigafactory in Austin is three times the
size of the Pentagon.
Including the garden. Yeah. Yeah.
Including the ground zero garden.
So you know good because I'm like this
morning used to look
big but anymore.
Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is when will FSD unsupervised
be available for personal use on
personally owned cars?
um before the end of this year. Not
necessarily I say with with within the
US like like we we do want to test like
we're at Tesla we're absolutely hardcore
about safety. Um you know we go to great
lengths to make the safest car in the
world and have the lowest accidents per
mile and um so and and low feest lives
lost. So we want to be very careful. So
it's so and we want autonomy to be
definitively safer than um manual
driving. So it it's not enough that it
just be as safe. It needs to be
meaningfully safer than if it's car is
manually driven. So uh and we want to
confirm that there's not something um it
it we just want to be cautious with the
roll out. We don't want to jump in at
the deep end with an army.
So,
um, but that said, I think we we we
should people should we should be able
to have have it
work and se several studies later this
year for it for personal
use. Um, so you so you know the asset
test being you should be able to can you
go can you go to sleep in your car and
wake your
destination. Um, and I'm confident that
will be uh available in many cities in
the US by the end of this year.
Great. Thank you very much. Um, the next
question is, is Tesla still on track for
releasing more affordable models this
year or will you be focusing on
simplified versions to enhance
affordability similar to the rearwheel
drive Cyber Truck? Uh, yeah, we're still
planning to release models this year.
Um, as with all launches, we're working
through like the last minute issues that
pop up. Um, we're knocking them down one
by one at this point. Uh, I would say
that ramp maybe might be a little slower
than we had hoped initially, but there's
nothing, you know, just kind of given
that turmoil that exists in the industry
right now. Um, but but there's nothing
blocking us from starting production
within the next within the timeline laid
out in the opening remarks. Um, and I
will say it's important to emphasize
that as we've said all along, the full
utilization of our factories is the
primary goal for these new products. Um
and so flexibility of what we can do
within the form factor and and you know
the uh the design of it is really
limited to the what we can do on our
existing lines um rather than building
new ones. But we've been targeting the
low cost of ownership monthly payment is
the biggest differentiator for our
vehicles. Um and that's why we're
focused on bringing these new models
with the you know the lowest price um to
the market within the constraints I just
highlighted.
Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is does Tesla see robo taxi as
a winner takemost market and as you
approach the Austin launch how do you
expect to compare against Whimo's
offering especially regarding pricing
geo fencing and regulatory flexibility?
Well,
okay. The issue with with Whimo's cars
is they cost way more
money shot. Um,
um, but that is the issue. Uh, you know,
the car is very expensive, made in low
volume. uh Teslas are uh you know I
don't know probably
cost a quarter or 20% of what a what a
what a whimo cost and uh and made in
very high volume
um so
um you know ironically we've like we're
we're the ones made the bet that a pure
AI solution with cameras and and what
you the car actually will listen for
sirens and that kind of thing um is the
right move Um, and Whimo decided that
that an expensive sensor suite is the
way to go, even though Google's very
good at AI. So, I'm running. Um, and,
you know, it is worth noting that
Tesla's built an incredible AI, you
know, AI software team and AI hardware
chip design team um, from scratch, from
nothing. We didn't acquire anyone. We
just built it. So,
uh, yeah, it's really
I mean, I don't see anyone being able to
compete with Tesla at
present. I'm sure that'll change
eventually,
but at least as far as I'm aware,
um, Tesla will have, I don't know,
99% market share or something
ridiculous. that 90s something percent
at least I don't
know something might change but you know
if you if if we have millions of cars
deployed next year and and unless others
have millions of cars deployed like
we'll we'll have unless we're blocked by
regulatory
situations it won't be long I mean in a
few years we'll have 10 million
autonomous cars on the roads
then you
and and
county. I mean the other thing which
people forget is like we're not just
developing the software solution, we are
also manufacturing the cars. Yeah.
Unlike you know what like VHO has
they're taking cars and they're trying
to put way more money.
We we don't do that. So that that
definitely gives us a big leg up and
like Elon said we already have a big
existing fleet which hopefully with the
software update could become autonomous
soon. With the software update it will
become autonomous.
Um to be clear the model wise that we're
talking about in being autonomous in
Austin in June are the model we're model
wise we make currently. There's no
change to it. I think people don't
appreciate that the car which they can
buy today, the car that they have or the
car they have is capable of these kind
of things. In fact, it does drive
autonomously from the factory to the end
of line. Every car. Yeah.
Nowadays through the tunnel, the model
wise, everything right. Exactly. We
actually it is being put to use it's
it's it's doing useful work fully
autonomously at the factories as the SH
was mentioning the cars driving
themselves from end of line to to where
they're supposed to be picked up um by a
truck uh to be to be taken to the
customer and I'm confident also that um
later this year the first Model Y will
drive itself all the way to the
customer. So from our probably from a
factory in Austin and our one in here in
Fremont, California,
uh I'm confident that from both
factories we'll be able to drive
directly to a customer from the factory.
Cool delivery.
Yeah. Literally goes from the end of
line and drives themselves to your
house. It's important to note in the
factories we don't have dedicated lanes
or anything. People are coming in and
out every day. trucks delivering
supplies, parts construction, you know,
for Well, and people can film it. By the
way, you can see this from the road.
Like, it's uncovered. Exactly. Uh, and
there's videos. People take videos
online and anyone who wants to go see it
and just drive past our Fremont factory
and see the autonomous cars driving
themselves. Yeah. And they drive
themselves and they put themselves in
the exact right spot to be picked up.
Yeah. The logistics yard is right there
in the open. You can see we don't move
it again to another lane, but they go
they go to a specific spot, parking
spot. Yeah. Yeah.
Um, so that that's just a routine like
everyday thing that
great. Thank you very much. Uh, the next
question is can you please provide an
update on the unboxed method and how
that is progressing. Sure.
It's progressing. Absolutely. Um, as I
mentioned just a minute ago like it is
the basis for our cybercap manufacturing
process. It's like really what we
changed in order to allow the low cost
of production and also get the super
high levels of automation. Um you know
really levels of automation that are
sort of unheard of in the vehicle
manufacturing scale. This is like not
something that you know you when you see
it be produced you you'll you'll think
of in terms of like wow that's how a car
has been built for 100 years. It's
really something we've changed in the
past year. We've been like focusing on a
lot of key development areas like
marrying these large subasssemblies
together in a precise way in an accurate
way. Um, we've also derisked things like
corrosion of uncoded aluminum
structures, you know, the sealing across
the seams of the vehicle that when you
marry assemble components and we've even
done uh early crash testing and proven
that like you know it's it's going to be
just as safe as every other car we
build. Um and so like we're as you know
with all that combined we kind of go
into the builds that we have at the end
of this quarter um for the for the
cybercat product and that's the next
real big test of full scale you know um
um integration of the unbox process and
um yeah it's kind of where we are. So
you'll see them in test and on on the
test roads in a couple months. Yeah.
Um although the line won't be obviously
at this rate initially. Initially um I
the the this is a revolutionary
production system. Um I'm not sure what
the right word is. Unboxing sounds like
something like when you get your phone
you open it up. Yeah. So you have like a
pleasant experience when you take your
phone out of the box. Um but which of
course is nice, but this is by far
revolutionary than that. Um this this is
this is a a profound uh reimagining of
how to make cars in the first place. No
car is made like this anywhere in the
world. Um the factory is the product as
much as the car is the product.
So it's really just first principles
approach to manufacturing
um that will ultimately allow us I think
to I'm trying to think I'm confident
ultimately and allow us to achieve
a a cycle time meaning a unit every 5
seconds or less of a single line.
And we want to incorporate some of these
for testing into our existing production
lines as well to for those with wine
cyber truck already. This is something
I've been thinking about for for a long
time and I've sort of I've been thinking
about this for a long time and it's kind
of it's it's not a crazy thing like like
a car every 5 seconds may sound like
it's coming out like bullets but
actually it's coming out at walking
speed. It's like a meter a second. A
meter a second. Um,
so you this is uh like we're we're still
far away from caring about um the
aerodynamic drag of the manufacturing
line, you know, because you're you're
still at 3 miles an hour type of thing.
You know, every 5 seconds sounds crazy,
but it's 3 miles an hour what we're
talking about. Um so, uh yeah, you can
run away from it basically. Um
uh but that's still by far the fastest
line on earth.
Um you know I it's
like half hour half night like I don't
what's like the best singing line on
earth is like about Shanghai phase two
and that's us 33 seconds. Yes. We're the
fastest, right? I would think so. We
think we think we're the fastest uh at
33 seconds in our Shanghai factory, but
but this this would be, you
know, six times faster or seven times
faster.
So,
um, yeah, I mean it'll be slower than
that at first, but the point is that
like when you when you fully optimize
the
design and operation of the next
generation factory that we're building
right now, um, a 5-second cycle time or
less is
um, the design is capable of it, you
know. So if you you know um like when
you when you go through like a radical
new architecture you go from like being
like an A I mean I'd say like probably
Shanghai in particular is an A+ on a on
a moderately you know an advanced but
still um tradition traditional car
production system. um sort of they're
really doing about as good as possibly
as possible to do within in a
conventional scenario. Um
uh so trying to get much below you know
sort of below below like 30 seconds
extremely difficult but um if not and
you start getting to into sort of
impossible where you're just you have to
be faster than a human could possibly
move. So then um the autonomous line uh
it really just needs to be robots moving
really fast. Um and that's where it gets
us 5 seconds. But but we'll so but we'll
start off with getting a C
in instead of an A getting a C in a new
architecture. Uh but then the potential
is there over time to move that up to an
an A+ within an A+ architecture.
Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is how is Tesla positioning
itself to flexibly adapt to global
economic risks in the form of
terrorists, political biases etc.
As Elon said, you know, we've been
supply chain team at for a while. Uh we
continue to mitigate global economic
risks like tariffs and polit political
biases by regionalizing part supply near
its factories in North America, Berlin
and Shanghai. For example, in North
America, our high volume vehicle
programs have over 85% North America
content and Shanga vehicles have over
95% local content. Min has similar
levels of regionalization as North
America when you exclude the battery and
we are working on regionalizing the
battery as well. Uh this is a pre-
pandemic strategy that we accelerated
post pandemic through supply
diversification to sourcing vertical
integration advanced analytics and local
partnerships to ensure supply chain
resilience and production stability.
Having said that we are not 100%
insulated and these tariff risks are
higher on our lower volume platforms
than the high volume ones. Yeah. Um in
fact there's no more vertically
integrated car company than Tesla. I
mean, we're taking
voting integrated car companies since uh
you know, Henry Ford back in the day
when they're doing mining iron and stuff
um and growing rubber trees. So, uh like
we're not growing rubber trees and
mining iron yet. Um but we are we have
built a a lithium refinery in South
Texas. Um, and it's the I think the the
biggest lithium refinery outside of
China, I think. Um, is that right? Yeah,
I think so. Once it started, but it it
has it's output potential would be the
the biggest lithium refinery. Yeah. And
we've got space to expand it if we need
to build more. Right. So, and then we've
got the cathode refinery um in Austin
next to next to the gig factory.
Um, we got to figure out what to do
about the anode. This is an ongoing
subject of discussion.
Um, best the best of all possible worlds
would be figuring out how to have no
anode. Uh, best anode best part being no
part. That's that's the dream of the
lithium batteries to be anode not have
an anode. Um, but either way we we
better have the anode, the
cathode and the lithium and the
electrolyte and the separator
uh to make a cell.
Um but but you know there's no other car
company that is building lithium
refineries and cathode refineries. Uh
we're ridiculously vertically
integrated. Um and that and thus our
best position to protect against uh
supply chain disruptions. Yeah.
You want to talk about progress in the
front? Yeah. Certainly for in our house
ourselves we've you know we've
multissourced every component and we
have uh you know every part coming from
at least two different countries origin
which is
um that we started this the supply chain
team and the engineering team worked
together on this for the last couple of
years to to put that together. It's not
something we did in a couple of months
you know this is years of work. Um so
we're you know we're in a good position
to to um take advantage of that and and
the the insourcing of of lithium and and
cathode. They're the two most critical
parts of the battery that's you know run
in our backyard and and we're totally
insulated from um oil. They need to be
in operation. They need to be in
operation once they're once they're
running. And we also make our own cells
by the way.
cell production. If you look, you have
there's this, you know, there's you make
the anode, the cathode, the the lithium,
the electrolyte separator, the can, and
then you got to put all that together in
the cell factory. Um, and uh there are
entire companies that all they do is
produce cells, but they don't do the
other stuff. that are refined lithium or
decathode or you know um so our salt
production is is going quite well and I
think we're um are we current do we're
we're currently sort of the lowest cost
per kilowatt hour yeah in our all the
cells we purchase in North America yeah
so it's lowest cost yeah so we have the
lowest cost per kilowatt hour all things
considered so the Tesla cell is the most
competitive cell. Um
many Yeah. for a kilowatt hour put into
a car. If it's if it's a Tesla cell,
it's low lower cost than if it's a
supplier cell. Yeah. Yeah. And the plan
this year is to really build off that
base. You know, getting to lowest cost
is
um it's it's the hardest challenge for
some manufacturing. You know, it's
relatively easy to build a flashy
product that does one thing well. Um to
build something at high volume, low
cost, it's super difficult. and we're
kind of using that as a base to then d
off and and add, you know, performance
in different areas for new products
coming out.
Yeah. So, um
yeah, I mean to point there's a there's
a lot of advantages for regionalization.
You know, the most important thing is
we're not trying to working capital for
six to eight weeks on the ocean. If
there's a design change, then everything
that's in transit basically has to be
scrapped. Secondly, port disruptions as
we saw during COVID can be very
expensive because slight disconnects can
shut down production. So then your
rolling option is costly or expedite. It
also gives us resilience in supply
chain. If one region is down, we can
bridge with others. It's more well to
set up in the beginning, but it's
critical to have when the need arises.
Uh having said that, it's unrealistic to
assume 100% regionalization across the
board for specialized areas such as
semiconductors. uh in such cases our
team works very closely with our
partners to ensure we have strategic
banks in place and uh that disruption
doesn't impact production while we step
stand up the the regional manufacturing
for that particular commodity and you
know I'll say like on the rest of the
vehicle like you was talking about with
cells we're also heavily vertically
integrated import ingots you know and
turn them into castings we recycle those
in melt centers the same thing with
plastics but it doesn't mean we're not
exposed um you know we do have uh some
areas where we use rare as magnets, you
know, that and we've been working for
years to to find alternative sources and
bring those up as well as we have our
induction machines and as we've
mentioned in the past, we're working on
our ferite lovers uh for some time. So,
like as K said, you know, with our heavy
regionalization percentages, we're
definitely like the lowest uh you know,
exposed to this, but we're not
completely immune as mentioned in his
opening remarks.
Great. Um is it similarly related u on
the battery side? Does Tesla still have
a battery supply constraint as noted on
the Q4 call? Um and does that change the
tariffs? Um so this is Karen. Uh we've
been working very hard to expand battery
cell production in the US both with
vendors and what Bonnie mentioned
earlier with the 4680 program. Um and
we're also working on uh moving the
upstream supply chain for battery cells
in the United States for several years
and that strategy is really starting to
pay off now. As it stands right now,
we're not constrained on battery cell
supply for vehicles. The recent tariffs
do pose some challenges to Tesla energy
like our CFO mentioned earlier, but it's
something we've been anticipating and we
should be able to resolve uh in a timely
fashion. We actually have a plan in
place and we're executing towards it. Um
uh we also have some other sourcing
sources coming online to supplement the
shortfall and then of course we have the
uh LF production that's happening uh in
house.
um we have we have a slight disconnect
of aligning the the right cells with the
right pack. So that's the little bit of
uh puzzle that we have to solve
internally. But as as as far as cells
go, there's no shortage.
Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is did Tesla experience any
meaningful changes in order inflow rate
in Q1 relating to all of the rumors of
brand damage?
So in Q1, as mentioned earlier, we took
the bestselling car of the last two
years and ramped up all four of our
global factories. And in less than eight
weeks, we've already gotten to the rate
of our previous Model Y wise in the
factories. So just kudos again to the
team for the great job there. And
despite the economic strain and negative
articles that uh in California in Q1,
Tesla remained the bestselling car, not
just EV. And additionally, we had a
record number of test drives globally in
Q1 as well. So interest remains
high and so right now we continue to see
uh you know good uh interest still on
vehicle.
Yeah I I mean Tesla is not immune to um
sort of the macro demand for cars you
know. So
uh when when there is uh economic
uncertainty uh
people generally want to pause on buying
um doing a major capital purchase like a
car.
Um but uh you know as far as absent
macro issues we don't see uh any
reduction in demand.
Correct. And that's where continue focus
on affordability and it's a fundamental
focus there. Yeah, fantastic. Thank you
guys. Uh the next question is uh
regarding the Tesla Optimus pilot line,
could you confirm if it is currently
operational? If so, uh what is the
current production rate of Optimus bots
per week? Additionally, how might the
recent tariffs impact the scalability of
this production line moving forward?
Optimism the I just want to emphasize
Optimus is still very much a development
program. It's not it's not a you know
it's not a large volume production.
That's why you know this this year you
know we'll make a few that you know we
do expect to make thousands of Optimus
robots but most of that production is
going to be at the end of the year. Um
so
the almost everything in Optimus is new.
there's there's not like an existing
supply chain for the motors, gearboxes,
electronics, actuators, really anything
in the in the uh almost anything in the
Optimus. Um apart from the the AI for
Tesla, the Tesla AI computer, which is
the same as the one in the car. Um, so,
uh, when you have a new complex
manufactured product, it'll move as fast
as the slowest and least lucky component
in the entire thing. And as a first
order approximation, there's like 10
10,000 unique things. So, so that's why
that's why it doesn't any anyone who
tells you they can predict
uh with precision the production ramp of
a truly new product uh is doesn't know
what they're talking about. Um it is
literally impossible. Um so you go
through this like series of constraints
where it's like this part's the limiting
factor now that part's limiting factor
now. This part's limiting factor. um and
and multiply that by a thousand
basically. Um and then the the rate of
the production ref is decided by how
quickly you can solve each of those
problems.
Um now you know
um Optimus was
affected you know by the magnet issue
from China because the Optimus actuators
in the arm do use permanent magnets. Now
Tesla as a whole does not need to use
permanent magnets. But when something is
um volume constrained like like an arm
um of the robot then you want to try to
make the motors as small as possible. Um
and then uh so we did design in
permanent magnet permanent magnets for
those motors and those were affected by
the uh supply chain you know by by
basically China requiring an export
license to send out uh any rare earth
magnets.
Um so we're working through that with
China. Hopefully we'll get a license to
use the rare earth magnets. Um China
wants some assurances that these are not
used for military purposes which
obviously they're not. they're just
going into a humanoid robot. So, it's
not a weapon system.
Um, but that that is an example of a of
a challenge there.
Um, but I'm confident we'll overcome
these issues. Um, and we'll by the end
of this year have thousands of robots.
Great. Thank you very much. And the last
question, uh, we already covered earlier
whether Robotaxi was still on track for
this year. So um with with that uh we
can move on to analyst questions. Uh the
first question is going to come from uh
Pierre at New Street. Um Pierre uh
please unmute yourself.
Hey guys, can you hear me? Yeah, that's
great. Um so I'm super excited to hear
Robot Xi and Optimus becoming the very
tangible future Tesla. But I have
actually a question on the on the
legacy. not the legacy but the current
like auto business. And when I look back
at the ramp of Model 3 a few years ago,
I really saw it as uh being the iPhone
of cars, a new product, completely
reinvented, uh very different user
experience, vastly superior, impossible
to to match for traditional competitors.
Um, and for the iPhone, it resulted in
the the high end of the smartphone
market quadrupling in size and actually
Apple taking 60% market share. And so
when you look at the Model 3 and the
Model Y today, I think they are still
like really uh vastly superior to any
other cars. And I wonder why um they've
taken about
15% of their addressable market and not
more actually. So another way to put it
is what why are there so many people
still buying BMWs and Mercedes knowing
that the the Model 3 and the Model Y are
out there and and available.
uh and I wonder if you've if you're
trying to solve that riddle internally
if you understand why uh you know what
are these uh auto buyers who are not
buying a model 3 or model Y missing and
uh and if you have ideas of things you
could do to address that maybe there is
enormous value left on the table there
um yeah that's what I'm wondering these
days
yeah I the the the reality is that um in
the future future most people are not
going to buy cars. So it's it's kind of
what you know one one could sort of say
look if you think one to continue with
your your phone metaphor I mean you can
remember the days of the flip phones
when there was you know 100 different
flip phone designs
um and and I would you know the the
mistake that manufacturers made was to
try to um make up many different
variants of a foot bone but which was a
mistake they should have made the iPhone
[Music]
Um, so,
uh, because obviously everyone's going
to want a smartphone, but in the
beginning of the when when you know the
iPhone came out, I was like, "Wow, I
can't believe these guys are not
reacting as though this this is death."
Um, but they didn't they they kept
making deparians and flip
phones. Noia Nokia, I think at one point
was the most valuable company in the
world or close to it. Um, but they kept
making flip
phones. Um, you know, trying to find
another market niche. Maybe somebody
wants a phone of a different style.
Maybe this different color or whatever
it
is. Nope. They just want a super
intelligent
phone that can do everything. Just one.
So,
um, I said this many I said this many
years
ago, but in the in the future in in the
not too not too distant
future, buying a gasoline car that is
not autonomous will be like riding a
horse while using a flip
phone. Some people still do it, but it's
rare.
Great. And thank you. Uh the next
question comes from uh Emanuel Rosner at
Wolf. Emanuel, please unmute yourself.
Great. Uh thanks for taking my question.
Um so Elon, the the public version of
the FSD software uh still has a decent
amount of um I guess intermittent human
interventions that are required. Um so
what's still required for the software
um on your end to get to a level where
it doesn't need to be supervised and I'm
asking that in the context of obviously
the June launch being in the next couple
of months um what still needs to happen
and we are working on a number of items
to
yeah um I mean we are aware of the
interventions that are happening in uh
in the public bills and that's why we're
hardcore burning it down and really just
picking some initial launch city helped
us focus on like solving all the issues
that you'd face here. Uh for example
like focusing on Austin we not like
solving all the issues that you know
customers in Boston or somewhere else uh
might face. Uh and then here uh we just
like have big list of all the issues
just burn it down and that's what the
team is working on along with other um
sort of like redundancy issues. For
example, if uh one of the computers goes
down, write down the customer fleet, it
would like throw the uh red hands and
ask you to take over, but we don't want
that kind of situation. So, you're
solving both like the reliability issues
of the autonomy software and also the
reliability issues of the uh system
software uh together for Austin.
Yeah, really just we just work through a
long tail of of unusual interventions.
Um, so and these are really very rare
like as I was saying
earlier intervention every 10,000 miles.
I mean that's a lot of driving you got
to do to even find one case with that
happens.
Yeah. and some interventions due to
systematic um like you know missing
functionality for example for handling
emergency vehicles correctly you don't
need to consume audio as an input but
then the uh customerf facing versions
don't have audio input but the version
that's in uh that's going to be in
Austin will have audio input and so on
okay but would you have like remote
operators for
example I mean every now and then if
your car gets stuck or something someone
will like you know unblock pocket. Uh
but it's just because we are a bit
conservative and tend towards um more
safety than even if we get stuck every
now and then we we do have remote
support but it's not going to be uh
required for safe operation. If anything
it's just required for more availability
anyway it's it's only a couple months
away so you can just see for yourself uh
in couple months in Austin.
Great. Um, our next question comes from
Edison at Deutsche
Bank. Edison, please unmute yourself.
Hi. Uh, thank you very much for the
question. So, I want to ask about the
the Optimus supply chain going forward.
Um, you know, you mentioned, you know,
very fast ramp up. What do you envision
that supply chain looking like? Is it
going to require many more suppliers to
be in the US now because of the tariffs?
Um h how does one kind of think about
what needs to happen there?
We have to see how things settle out. I
don't know yet.
I mean some things we're doing as we
already talked about which is that we're
we've already taken tremendous steps to
localize our supply chain. We're more
localized than any other manufacturer.
Um and uh and we have a lot of things in
under way that to to increase the
localization to reduce supply chain uh
risk associated with geopolitical
uncertainty.
Did you follow?
Yeah. Um wanted to come back actually to
the the robo taxi then. Do you have a
sense on on how how many cars or how how
big the scale will be initially and how
that might ramp up? I know you're you're
targeting, you know, millions of of
vehicles in the second half kind of of
next year. Um, but initially at launch,
how many vehicles would be reasonable?
And is it going to be as simple as if
one goes to Austin, let's say in late
June or July, you'd be able to to
request?
Yeah.
Um, we're still debating the exact
number to start off on day one, but it's
like, I don't know, maybe 10 or 20
vitals on day one. Um and
um watch it carefully. They scale it up
rapidly after that. Um so you know we
want to make sure that we're paying very
close attention the first time this
happens.
Um but yeah, you'll be able end of June
or July just go to Austin and water
Tesla's
drive. Great. Um, the next question
comes from George at Canacor.
Hi. Uh, thank you for taking my
question. It has to do with FSD pricing.
Could we envision when you launch
unsupervised FSD that there could be
sort of a a multi-tered pricing approach
to unsupervised versus supervised
similar to what you did with autopilot
versus FSD in the past? Thank you.
I mean this is something which we've
been thinking about. I mean just so you
know for people who have been trying FSD
and who've been using FSD they think
even the current pricing is too cheap
because for 99 bucks you're basically
getting a personal show. Yeah. I mean,
we we do need to give people more time
to to if they want to look at like a key
break point is can you read your text
messages or not? Yes. Uh can you write a
text message or not? Because obviously
people are doing this by the way with
unfortunous cars all the time and if you
just go go for a drive down the highway
and you'll see people texting while
driving, you know, doing 80 miles an
hour and putting their makeup on at the
same time. Yeah. put putting on makeup,
doing their hair with with the mirror
down and uh texting and driving at 80
miles an hour. Uh this is a common
occurrence. So um people eating lunch,
you know, you name it. Um shaving, you
know.
Um so uh anyway,
but right now the the car
is very insistent that you pay attention
to the road. Um, so
which reduces the value somewhat um
because it's it's very rigorous about
you paying attention to the road. Uh and
we'll gradually lighten up on that with
you know every every few weeks or every
month. We'll we'll relax that a little
bit, make it um so you can be more and
more um able to do things you want to do
and and not have the car demand your
riches attention.
So, so that that that value, it'll
really be profound when you can
basically do whatever you want, um,
including sleep
or and and and then that $99 is going to
seem like the best $99 you've ever spent
in your life.
Great. And George, did you have a
follow-up?
My followup is about geographic
expansion. Just maybe discuss additional
markets. You know, there's been some
news around India recently that you
could launch uh this year and next.
Thank you.
So yeah, I mean we we've been working on
getting into India. India is a very hot
market and especially the current and I
don't want to talk just about tariffs
but the current tariff structure with
India is that any car which we send in
is subject to 70% tariff and also like a
30% you know luxury tax on it. So you
know the same car which we were sending
is like 100% more expensive than what it
is. So that creates a lot of you know
anxiety is like you know people feel
okay they're paying too much for the car
and by the way we're not getting the
money. The local government is getting
the money and that's why we've been very
careful trying to figure out when is the
right time. We like I said we are
working on it. It's a great it would be
a great market to enter because India
has a big middle class which we would
want to tap in and that is the market
which we want to be in but again these
kind of things create a little bit of
tension which we're trying to work
around.
Great. Thank you so much. Uh the next
question comes from Adam Jonas at Morgan
Stanley.
Go ahead,
Adam. We can't hear you, Adam. So, maybe
we'll put you back in the queue and
we'll move to Colin Langan from Wells
Fargo. Um, while Adam figures out his
audio, Colin, please unmute yourself.
Oh, great. Do you hear me? Yes. Oh,
great. Um, you know, you're still
sticking with the vision only approach.
Uh, a lot of autonomous people still
have a lot of concerns about, you know,
sun glare, fog, and dust. A any color on
how you anticipate on on getting around
those issues because my understanding it
kind of blinds the camera when you get
glare and stuff.
Uh, actually it does not blind the
camera. Um, the we use a an approach
which is uh direct photon count. So when
you see the the a processed image, so
the image that goes from the uh the sort
of photon
counter the silic the silicon photon
counter that then gets goes through a
digital s signal processor or image
signal processor.
um that that's that's normally what
happens. And then that then the image
that you see looks all washed out
because if it's you point the camera at
the sun, it it the post-processing of
the photon counting
um washes things out. It it it actually
adds noise.
Um so quite a big breakthrough that we
made some time ago was to go with direct
photon counting and bypass the uh image
signal processor.
Um and uh that and then you can drive
pretty much straight at the sun. Um and
you can also see in what appears to be
the blackest of
night and uh and then here in fog we can
see as well as u people can. Um,
probably better, but I'd say probably
slightly better than people um than the
average person anyway. Um, and
um, yeah.
So, so the camera is able to see when
there's direct glare on it. I'm a little
surprised by that. Yeah. Okay. Um, and
then just there were obviously media
reports the other day that the
affordable model was delayed. Doesn't
sound like that's correct. Those reports
also talked about it being more of a a
cheaper version of the Model Y. Any
color on what we should expect is is it
a cheaper version of the Model Y or is
it actually going to be a design change
with it?
So I think Lars already covered it in
answering one of the say.com questions.
The real thing which we are trying to
focus on is
affordability and using our existing
lines and there's always limitations
when you're using existing lines as to
how many different form factors can you
bring to so that's the way I would say
you should think about it and I don't
know if anything more to that yeah and I
think I've said this before on other
other calls like you know with with the
recent upgrades to the Model 3 and Model
Y platforms we made some pretty great
cars at pretty great devices and we
added a bunch of features and things
like that. I think it's easy to consider
that you know moving forward Tesla
doesn't make bad cars and we always make
um you know our intent is not to make a
car that is any worse than any car we've
ever produced in the past and so you
know the models that come out in the
next months will will be built on our
lines and will resemble in form and
shape the cars we currently make and and
you know but the key is that they'll be
affordable and you'll be able to buy
one.
Great. Uh, we might have time for one
last question. Adam, we'll try your
audio again.
Um, you want to try to unmute yourself,
Adam? All right. Unfortunately, still
not working. Um,
there there you go. Sorry, guys.
Technology. Um, go ahead. Um, yeah. Hi.
Yeah, in the February 28th Joe Rogan
interview, Elon, you advocated for a
ramp in tariffs uh to give people time
to adjust. Otherwise, I quote, you said
the system would break uh and bad things
would happen. So, are things breaking
yet? And if the announced as if the
tariffs as announced remain in place,
when would things start breaking?
Well, at the risk of stating the
obvious, I'm not I am not I mean I'm I'm
one of many adviserss to the president.
I'm not the president. So, um and uh but
I you know I've made my opinion clear to
the president and um that uh you know
and and other people made their opinion
clear to the president. He he listen he
talks to many people and he makes his
decision and um you know I'm hopeful
that president will observe whether my
predictions are more accurate than the
predictions of others and perhaps weigh
my advice um differently in the future.
We shall
see. Um but uh you know I I'm I'm an
advocate of
um you know predictable tariff
structures and and generally I'm an
advocate for uh you know pre-trade and
and lower tariffs.
Uh now one does need to take a look at
um where if if if a if if some country
is doing something pred predatory with
tariffs or is providing uh extreme
support for if a government is providing
extreme financial support for a
particular industry
um then you you have to do something to
counteract that um so but I think that
that's on a case-byase basis
strategically
Um but um you know the the president is
the elected representative of the people
and has fully within his rights to do
what he would like to do.
So okay
Elon I I I respect that. Um uh just just
as a a followup and uh thanks again. uh
between between China and the United
States, who in your opinion is further
ahead on the development of physical AI
uh specifically on
humanoids uh and and also drones? I'd be
interested. And is it even close and
kind of how I Yeah, serious. Well, I
think you know the answer for drones. Uh
I mean um
you know u friend of mine Nal made this
you know posted on X I reposted it.
Um I think a prophetic statement which
is any country that cannot manufacture
its own drones is is doomed to be the
vassal state of any country that
can and we can't America cannot
currently manufacture its own drones.
But that's it
again forunately. Um so China I believe
manufactures about 70% of all drones and
if you look at the total supply chain
China is almost 100 almost 100% of
drones are have a supply chain
dependency on China. So, China is in a
very strong position.
Um, and um, you know, here in America
and we need
to shift more of our people and
resources to
manufacturing.
Um, because this this is uh, you know, I
have a lot of respect for China because
China is amazing actually. Um, but the
United States should not have such a
severe dependency on China for uh,
drones. and and be unable to make them
unless China gives us the parts, which
is currently the
situation. Um, you know, with respect to
humanoid robots,
uh, I don't think there's any company in
any country that can match Tesla.
Um Tesla and SpaceX
are number
one.
Um
so and then now I'm a little concerned
that on the
leaderboard ranks two through 10 will be
Chinese
companies, but I'm confident that rank
one will be
Tesla. Great. Well, uh I think that's
unfortunately all the time we have for
today. Uh we appreciate all your
questions and look forward to talking to
you next quarter. Thank you very much
and goodbye.
[Music]