Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       A $50k Loss Made Him MILLIONS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr1pUjrRoxA
Published:   2025-10-20 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

getting in the markets is the most
important thing you can do in your life.
Well, I'm down 50 grand. If I don't
research something now and figure out if
I deserve to own it or not, then what is
the point of even being in this journey?
But when you approach a stock that is so
severely decimated, it's either
asymmetric to the upside because the
company can turn things around, get back
to earnings growth and profitability and
the market starts to recognize that, or
it's it's decimated for a reason. That
is like where the big money is made.
It's like when you find a stock that's
beat up for whatever reason, is the
reason the stock is down a good enough
reason for the stock to stay down. And
if it is and you invest, you lose all
your money. If it's not, you can make a
lot of money and it can change your
life. So, navigating the chaos of the
markets, I think the first step is to be
in that chaos in the eye of the tornado.
And then you start to realize it's kind
of fun to be in the middle of it. But
it's always exciting to like be early to
something. The world tells you you're
wrong and then you end up being right.
So being contrarian and right, it's one
of the most rewarding feelings in the
world. Okay, this guy's either crazy and
it's all a sham or he's the smartest
person in the world and the market just
doesn't get it yet. No, no, no. This guy
has got it. Market doesn't get it yet,
but eventually they will. And when they
do, it could be quite extraordinary.
Then it might be the next greatest 10
years in history to be an investor
because we all get a chance to invest in
the success of these companies.
&gt;&gt; Well, today I have Amit with me. He is
an incredible retail investor who has
developed a huge following online and
one of the richest communities around
investing and just keeping up with the
day-to-day stock market. He's had some
incredible early calls on companies like
Robin Hood, like Grab, like Palunteer.
Um, and he's really one of the ones who
has navigated the tumultuous market that
we've had since co extremely extremely
well. So I wanted to bring him on today
as a young person who has managed to
really succeed in the market. What is it
like? There's so many things that
a lot of people complain about today.
Higher education is so expensive. Real
estate is ridiculously expensive.
Culture is a mess. Like there are so
many hurdles that are set up against
people trying to actually make their way
in this world. And there's, you know, a
huge rise of socialism right now among
young people because they feel like
there just is no escape for them.
There's no way to actually succeed and
win in today's America and in today's
market. And Amite is one of the people
who has really fought back against that
just in his own personal life and built
something incredibly successful and
incredibly
um
beneficial to so many people. like there
are so many people that you have
educated and helped to discover truth.
And so I wanted to dig in today into the
core beliefs that you have that actually
have helped propel you to the success
that you've realized. And then also your
process for like how do you sift through
information in this incredibly
um you know just chaotic information
landscape with legacy media and social
media and all people or all kinds of
different people striving to convince
you of this thing that thing or the
other thing. Uh trying to get you to
invest all your money in meme coins and
get rugged. like there just so many
different ways that you can get
suckered in uh in this information
landscape and you've managed to navigate
all that so well. So yeah um thanks for
being with me today am Amit and let's
just uh let's just start it out with how
did you like what was the seed that
originally
motivated you to think I want to begin
investing in the first place like I want
to put my own money at risk and I think
maybe I might actually be able to be
successful there.
&gt;&gt; Well thanks for having me Alan Hans I'm
very excited to do this and very excited
to be here as well. I think I got into
investing around 2018 playing around
with a couple stocks on Robin Hood just
randomly a couple hundred bucks throwing
it back and forth. Um it comes from a
deeper I think necessity that I've
always had around financial freedom and
I didn't know exactly how that financial
freedom would manifest itself. Obviously
tried a lot of businesses, startups,
failed at a bunch of stuff just
throughout the entire journey and really
was pretty ambitious in college just
randomly thinking of different ideas and
you know one thing I realized about
myself is that uh there's two talents I
would say I have. One is communication,
so speaking. And that's why I kind of
started my YouTube channel and I live
stream every day. And the the other is
is research. And so I kind of had to be
real with myself at one point a couple
years ago saying maybe I'm not the best
entrepreneur in terms of building a
business like you know like like the
CEOs that we all look up to. But I'm
pretty decent at talking and just like
the art of communication and I'm really
good at distilling information that's
complex, aka the research on a company,
a stock, you know, what's going on in
the macro, geopolitics, and then
communicating that information. So the
the the marriage of those two concepts
ended up being investing and then
creating content around investing. So I
do a lot of research throughout the
week. That research is important for me
to allocate capital. And as you
mentioned, I had a couple of um good
calls over the past couple years,
Pounder Hood in particular, that have
really changed my life financially. And
then the communication of all that
research is something I enjoy a lot more
than the research itself, right? Like
being able to present that information
to an audience. And so the marriage of
those two things over the past seven
years has really been what my life has
turned into. And now I just want to
become one of the best researchers on
the planet and continue to be better at
communicating it every day. But the
necessity to kind of take that first
step to invest in the first place was
based off the idea of hey, you know, I
want to be financially free and maybe
I'm not going to build the next
Facebook, but if I can invest in
Facebook and trust that Zuckerberg can
take me to the promised land, then
that's another way of achieving that
freedom.
&gt;&gt; So, was Facebook the first investment
that you made that kind of hit for you?
&gt;&gt; The first one was Palunteer. Uh,
actually the first one was Neo. It's a
Chinese EV company. Bought it at three
bucks, sold it at six. I thought I was
the man. and I doubled my money. It
ended up going to 60 January 2021. So, I
could have made a 20x money a little
different. But, uh, no, the first real
real stock that I bought and I actually
cared about due diligence on was
Pounder. There was a phase I had with a
biotech for a year and I I thought I did
my due diligence on it, ended up losing
all my money because the biotech didn't
end up working out. So, it's like you
kind of go through those ups and downs
in the beginning of trying to become an
investor. But, Pounder was the first
company where I bought it at 25, fell to
six, was down $50,000 at 22 years old.
That was a lot of money. And um then the
research began because I was like, well,
I'm down 50 grand. If I don't research
something now and figure out if I
deserve to own it or not, you know, then
then what is the point of even being in
this journey? And it ended up turning
into this massive community of people
that also were down a lot of money. And
they wanted to know, maybe there's
something real, maybe we should DCA, we
should buy more. And that's what ended
up happening. And you know, Foundry kind
of changed my life since then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's been an amazing
journey. you know, I've didn't follow
along with your content super super
closely during that time. Um, but was,
you know, similarly down on Nvidia for
or not Nvidia, on Palunteer for a while
cuz I had I had purchased in I don't
know. Yeah, I think my cost basis was
somewhere around 35 or so and uh you
know had to ride it all the way down to
seven and but yeah, just like watching
the execution of the company, it was one
of those things. It's like the time just
hasn't come yet. You know, they are
executing extremely well. Karp is a
master at what he is doing and like I
fundamentally believe in what they're
building in the way specifically that
they're building it. Um and so anyways
like it was a crazy a crazy journey but
how did you like how did you recognize
that that was the case? Like what were
your sources of information and how do
you how do you build that conviction?
Are you mainly looking at Alex and what
he's saying like public statements by
the company? Um what's the process of
your due diligence in your research to
really come away with that conclusion
that yeah like you know the stock market
doesn't agree with me right now but I'm
actually right and if I just hold I'm
going to be rewarded. I think for
Palenter in particular, it was just such
a special journey because it's like
there was a good year and a half called
18 months of u of the stock being stuck
from like six to seven bucks. And you
know to the people that believed it felt
like the most special company on the
planet and there's kind of a variety of
nuances. I think one of the things you
mentioned is Alex Karp the CEO of the
company listening to him talk I mean at
the end of the day we're investing in
founders and we're or we're investing in
CEOs. Some of them happen to be
founders, but we're investing in people.
And uh him as a person is just is
remarkable. Listening to how he thinks
about the world philosophically,
listening to his conviction, his
confidence, his ability to be
charismatic. I mean, I think you need
all these traits as a leader, especially
if you're going to get people to invest
in your company when it's, you know,
down 90%. And that was a big level of,
okay, this guy's either crazy and it's
all a sham or he's the smartest person
in the world and the market just doesn't
get it yet. And I think a decent chunk
of us were like, "No, no, no. This guy's
got it. Market doesn't get it yet, but
eventually they will, and when they do,
it could be quite extraordinary." So
that along with the amount of deals that
we analyze every day. So back in 2022,
um I think part of the reason why I grew
as a YouTuber is that there weren't that
many people analyzing the deals every
day. And so every single day, because at
the time, Pounder was putting out a lot
of press releases to try to get people
to realize, hey, like we're not some
stupid little company, like we're doing
real stuff. uh they would have at least
every week two or three press releases
and so I would break those down and make
a video about it, make articles about it
and try to understand it. The stock
wouldn't move. The stock I mean, you
know, Karp was meeting Solinsky, the
first public CEO to even go to Ukraine
during the invasion and the stock was
stuck. And I'm like, even if you don't
think they're making any money off this
deal, like you would you would think the
market would be more excited about the
fact that this tech company is central
or potenti potentially central and
pivotal now we know that they were to
helping Ukraine defend themselves. But
like no, there was no reaction. So I
think in the face of the market not
caring, the amount of due diligence that
retail investors in particular were able
to do on the internet, YouTube and
Twitter, uh that is what created the
conviction for a lot of people to hold.
And you know now the world has figured
out the stock is much higher than what
it was before. But it's always exciting
to like be early to something. The world
tells you you're wrong and then you end
up being right. So being contrarian and
right, it's one of the most rewarding
feelings in the world. And you know now
I've been trying to just find other
opportunities that are that are similar
to that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. You know I I was lucky
enough to kind of go on that ride with
Tesla from you know 20 like I started
investing in 2018 2019 got to ride that
ride all the way through 2020 and then
have you know been digesting ever since
then essentially. Um, and that's, you
know, I was still putting in most of my
research during the Palunteer phase, but
I did have this this investment that was
over to the side in Palunteer. And so
getting to to experience that and allow
that then to really, you know,
supercharge the returns of the portfolio
while Tesla has gone sideways has been,
you know, a lot of fun. And it like I
see so many similarities. I mean
obviously there are stylistic
differences um you know a number of
differences between an Alex Karp and an
Elon Musk but then there are also like
so many similarities and then even you
know there's not too many people who can
go toe-to-toe with Elon. Peter Teal is
definitely one of those people and uh I
mean how many people have uh can claim
that they have ousted Elon Musk as CEO
and taken his place? I'm pretty sure
that's a list of one. And um yeah,
having him behind Palunteer and what
they've been doing and building off of
the you know like that core insight that
the whole deal with Palunteer like yes
it's you know money on the internet
that's fine and dandy. Okay, how do you
do that for real in real life at scale?
Well, it means you have to be the best
fraud detection and fraud fighting force
on the internet. And that is the core,
you know, engine behind the success of
PayPal and then the PayPal mafia. And so
it's like, hey, if we can take that and
put it in a product that then we sell to
the government and then once we solve
all those really hairy problems that no
one in the world really wants to deal
with, take all those learnings and then
apply that to corporate America, like I
think you might have something there.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I was muted. Yeah, I agree. I
mean like the ability to like recognize
all the different nuances of how they
were building the company, how they were
navigating the government side of the
business because Palure again started as
a government contractor as you mentioned
Peter Teal and his history with Elon
Musk after PayPal which you know Elon
was part of that PayPal mafia as well.
Elon went on to do SpaceX and Tesla and
Peter went on to do Paler. two vastly
different parts of the spectrum when it
comes to business and the stuff that
Peter had to go through to get the
government to realize that they need
software to modernize the infrastructure
of the battlefield which ended up
becoming very valuable in the commercial
landscape and what Elon had to go
through to get SpaceX and Tesla off the
ground. I mean, it's just two of the
greatest entrepreneurs and investors of
all time and I think the cool thing
about my journey, your journey is that
we get to cover how they do it because
it's very hard to communicate a Peter
Teal to the masses and he doesn't make
it that easy. in his interviews.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; no, he doesn't.
&gt;&gt; And same thing with Elon, right? Elon is
Elon is Elon. And so the the ability to
have filtration that is not rooted in
mainstream media, but independent people
like you and myself that can think for
ourselves that yeah, we have our biases
here and there, but we are not some mega
corporation that wants to defend the oil
companies, which is why we're bearish
Tesla, right? So that I think people
really value and you know that that's
only increasing in terms of the amount
of people that want that type of
content.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And being able to translate these
autists to uh normal everyday people
that's a that's definitely a skill
because you know like just understanding
what's going on in their head is quite
the challenge. You know it takes a lot
of time uh to actually dig through the
way that they're thinking to then even
understand what it is that they're
saying. You know they say words and I
think you know probably 2 3 4 5% of
people understand what they mean by what
they said instead of what normies
interpret from what they said. So that's
always I mean that's a challenge and I
think that's one of the things that
you've done a great job of helping
people to understand and especially in a
case like you know Robin Hood where so
many retail investors felt so burned by
that stock that story and that CEO that
business that now you know every time
Vlad is out there talking about what
they're doing with Robin Hood people are
filtering it through the lens of like
this terrible thing that happened when
the GameStop, you know, buy button had
to be turned off. And, you know, that
was one of the contrarian bets that you
were able to make is say, hey, you know,
like this is not a thing that's going to
define the future of Robin Hood forever.
And that, you know, that was, you know,
while there were mistakes that were
made, it wasn't that the company itself
was intrinsically bad or that the
management was intrinsically bad. and
they are actually going to transform
finance. So like how do you how do you
arrive at that conclusion?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's a really
it's a really interesting concept
because I was not affected by GameStop
or AMC. I kind of saw everything play
out on the sidelines, but I didn't
personally have money in those two
companies. So maybe if I did, I would
have felt a bit different about the
situation, but I was pretty objective
when I found Hood at $8. I mean the the
simple math was $8 billion market cap,
six billion in cash. So the business
enterprise value was was being valued at
two billion. And that felt a bit
egregious given the amount of times I
used the product every day. So like I
was a true user of this product for at
that point three years um multiple times
a day. And I'm like the level of
stickiness in terms of their UI and
their moat or their UI and their user
experience which ended up to me defining
the moat of Robin Hood could not be
denied. So, when I started posting
public due diligence about the stock
when it was around $8, this was closer
to November 2023. The push back I got
was from all the people saying, "How
could you trust them? Look at what they
do with GameStop." And so, I went back
and I like did my research and I was
like
like this is what people are upset
about. Like, yes, the perception was not
good. Communication was not good, but it
was a clearing house problem, right?
like they did not have it was the
traditional financial system is actually
what messed up Robinet's ability to
offer the liquidity that was necessary
to all these GameStop and AMC retail
investors and like does that suck? Yeah.
Could Robinet have done a better job
communicating? Yeah. Could Robin have
had raised more money prior to that to
make sure they had enough reserves of
liquidity necessary to not have to shut
down trading for that day? Sure. All
those things could have happened. But to
say this was some structural like fraud
or like Enbrron type of situation is
just laughable. Especially when you like
looked at Vlad and who he was as a
founder and the history of how he built
the company, the people that invested in
Robin Hood Sequoia in the early days.
And so to me, I was just like this is a
nothing murder and I'm like I'm getting
to buy this thing at $2 billion
enterprise value. Um and so that's how I
was able to look look past it. I think a
lot of times and and you know there is a
little bit of luck involved because what
if it did turn into a big issue. But
when you approach a stock that is so
severely decimated, it's either
asymmetric to the upside because the
company can turn things around, get back
to earnings growth and profitability and
the market starts to recognize that or
it's it's decimated for a reason. We
kind of saw this with Google at 150 this
whole year, right? It was the worst
traded max 7 and now it's at 250 because
the DOJ overhang went away. the markets
that are recognizing that their free
cash flow does matter. And I think the
ability to hold and allocate capital in
those moments, saw this with Tesla when
he got the 200, Mr. Tim Walls kind of
marked the bottom right there. That is
like where the big money is made. It's
like when you find a stock that's beat
up for whatever reason it's beat up for.
And then you have to qualify yourself.
This is this is how you know if you're a
good investor or not. Is the reason the
stock is down a good enough reason for
the stock to stay down? And if it is and
you invest, you lose all your money or
you, you know, you sit on dead money. If
it's not, you can make a lot of money
and it can change your life. And that
happened with Pal at 7, Tesla at 100,
Hood at 7 bucks. And so I think the
GameStop AMC situation was more so just
a question of understanding there's a
select part of the population that is
upset about this. It is not the defining
characteristic of this company. I didn't
expect 2024 and 2025 for Vlad to just
say we're going to go for everything,
but I expected them to go from 8 to 20
and now they're at 130. And so, you
know, Vlad's done a really good job of
of ex.
&gt;&gt; And so, what, you know, what is it that
makes Vlad such a special CEO in your
opinion? Like, how does he stack up
against an Elon Musk, a Peter Teal, an
Alex Karp, a Oh, let me go back just for
a second because there was a comment I
wanted to make about Peter. Um,
when you stop and you think about it,
this is one of the things that just
shows how far ahead of the curve Peter
is. And everyone in Silicon Valley
recognizes this, including Elon. You
know, Peter Peter sees things way
earlier than 99.9% of people. And
Palanteer was his Doge effort that
started at the same time that Elon Musk
was going off to do SpaceX and Tesla.
He's like, "Government efficiency
sucks." And the Patriot Act sucks. And
we need to have more security with less,
you know, more security and more
government outcomes with less erosion of
civil liberties and less investment of
capital. Like we can't just continue to
spend at these crazy levels on things
that produce literally nothing. And
yeah, like I think that drives why he
picked Alex as the CEO is because Alex
is so like dogmatically committed to
value creation and then capturing, you
know, your value downstream of creating
value and having that thought process
applied to the government is, you know,
like the most counter counterintuitive
thing in all of government. So anyways,
sorry back to yeah, back to Vlad. Like
how does he stack up to these type of
out of the box thinkers and
um what's his ultimate vision? Like
what's the magnitude of what he wants to
do? I've uh I've had some uh some
opportunities to get to to speak to
Vlad. Um you know, one of the things
about Vlad is that uh I was one of the
only people kind of making public
content when Hood was a eight bucks. And
so, uh, one thing about Vlad is that he
sees everything. I mean, he's very
tapped into the culture and sees this
stuff. They actually asked me to do the
podcast with them in March of 2024. And
obviously, I wanted to do the podcast.
It was it I think it was a really good
moment for my career and kind of good
for Vlad as well, so people could kind
of see him in like as a human, not just
this like GameStop AMC person. Um, but
the reason they reached out is because I
was, you know, putting out public due
diligence about them. And when I saw him
at the studio for the podcast, he said,
"The reason I wanted to do this is
because you understand our company a lot
better than some of the institutional
guys." And he, you know, given Robin,
it's a retail company to have a retail
analyst be able to kind of dissect the
company. I I I just thought for them it
it made a lot of sense. And um it was
really cool to kind of go behind the
scenes and get to learn about who Vlad
is as a person. So having said that, as
a person, this guy is an animal. He's
ruthless. He wants to kill every
competitor. Like genuinely, he does not
want them to exist in the in the age of
if he's building a product, he does not
want the other competitor to even have a
chance of existing if their product
exists. So, I think the reason why Vlad
is special is because there's a certain
level of tenacity and velocity of
products that he pushes the team to put
out there. So, Robin only has like 2,300
employees. Uh, every employee that I've
spoken to, like almost unanimously has
told me they work so hard because Vlad
sets the tone. Vlad sets the culture. I
mean, I've had multiple employees tell
me they they they work on Sunday nights,
you know, when they're not supposed to
be working, but they have to get a
product out. And he just he raises the
bar so high. I mean I mean, and
publicly, we've seen this, right?
They've done three events this year,
three massive events in Vegas and
California, New York, and they're having
another event in December. to be able to
put up three events to show off like
five to 10 new products in each of those
events and to actually ship them and get
them out to the door for customers. It's
not easy. And I think he really decided
after the gold card event, which was
their 3% back 3% cash back credit card,
that they were going to take over the
entire market of financial services,
whether it's crypto, banking, mortgages,
potentially real estate they're getting.
I mean, there's just so many different
opportunities. So, I think the the
characteristic of Vlad that makes him
special is he just wants to win and he
is ruthless about winning and you kind
of need that ruthless tenacity to kind
of prove to the world that you're not
some meme stock trading app. And that's
why I think they're winning the way
they're winning today.
&gt;&gt; So, he's successful because he is the
anti-Jack Dorsy. That's what it sounds
like.
&gt;&gt; You know, that's your words, not mine.
But, uh, if Jack could not chip an edit
button to Twitter after 10 years of
running it, there's a level of execution
that some some of these guys have and
some of these guys just don't have it.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That
Well, we don't have to go there, but the
product velocity
&gt;&gt; I mean, Elon's done more than Jack has
done in 10 years, right? So, it's kind
of wild. I mean, I I love that Jack
supports Bitcoin and, you know, I think
he's he's good at identifying the right
things to build,
&gt;&gt; but being able to animate an entire
organization of people,
&gt;&gt; correct,
&gt;&gt; to actually deliver on that thing and
especially like you said at that
velocity, like it it does take a certain
animalistic level of intensity that very
few people have the stamina to
really be able to sustain. And I mean, I
think that's one of the reasons why
Peter Teal is not the CEO of Palunteer.
Like, he doesn't want to do that. Um, he
wants Alex to do that. And Alex does
that. Like, the intensity there is next
level. And you can like just the
intensity of the team at Palanteer is
insane. And so yeah, I guess that's
that's one of those I guess like
associated factors like how like the the
alignment and then the magnitude of like
the effort that the team is putting in
towards the goal. How much does that
factor into like all of your
investments? Is that a consistent theme
across all of the ones that have been
successful?
Yeah, I mean I've had two major public
calls right now between Robin and
Pounder. The third one is Grab. Uh
that's up 30% since I initiated it. I
wouldn't say it's necessarily a win yet.
Uh my public price target is $10 for
that stock. That would be about a double
since I initiated the coverage. And you
know that to me would count as like a
win in the books. But the similarity
between all three companies definitely
between Hood and Pounder which got me to
get into Grab is uh founderled
visionaries that understand capitalizing
on fragmented markets to bring them
together. So with Palunteer it was like
data is fragmented across governments,
enterprises, organizations. Let's bring
that together. Let's build a unifying
operating system to make sense of that.
For Robin Hood it was like financial
services are really boring, very clunky,
definitely fragmented. You have your
credit card app here. you have your bank
there like like what if we just build it
into one financial super app as Vlad has
been saying and how could that change
people's lives and then for grabb it's
you know more of a Southeast Asian super
app company and I think there's a lot of
different fragmented services they're
bringing together so I really find it
hard to invest in a company that does
not have a founder as the CEO like I can
invest in them could I put a sizable
amount of the portfolio in it no because
it's like you you're really trusting
that person to end up taking the company
to the next level and then B is there a
market they're going after that is so
large, but they have such a
differentiated approach at attacking
that market, which I think, you know,
Hood, a lot of people didn't think
Hood's UI was a moat. And I was always
surprised when I would get into these
debates with people because I was like,
"Dude, I'm using this product over every
other product because the UI, the user
experience is keeping you on. How is
that not a moat?" They're like, "Oh, it
can be copied." Well, why isn't it being
copied? You know, it's like these these
like academic like like disagreements
that had no um manifestation in reality
to me were the reason there was Yeah,
even if it is copied, like which one are
you going to copy? The one like if you
start copying it today and you're done
in
if you're amazing and you're done in six
months, what's the UI going to look like
on Robin Hood by the time you actually
get that out the door? And then can you
keep up with Robin Hood as they continue
to ship new features and expand into new
markets? And yeah, like it's pretty it's
pretty daunting to try to follow someone
who moves at that speed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, you can
copy a product, but you cannot copy a
product experience. It's very hard to do
that. And so, you know, that is
something that I that I heavily believed
in. I believe that was for Palenter.
They spent 20 years building their
product with the patents that they had.
It was very hard to replicate that. And
so, I think, yeah, the common theme
around these asymmetric investments, at
least so far in my investing career, has
been it has to be a founder because
there's a certain level of tenacity
that's going to uh get them to take the
company to the next level. And then B,
they've just got to be so differentiated
at attacking a market that it becomes
impossible to imagine how other
companies would attack that same market.
For pounder, the best example with this
is that they did not have a sales force.
And when I look at SAS companies, all of
them have these thousand 10,000 person
sales forces to try to sell software.
And it really makes you question from a
contrarian perspective, why does
Palantry not have sales people? It's
like, oh, because they don't give a
about sales. They care about the
product. Now, obviously, you need to be
able to sell the product, but if the
product is so good, theoretically, this
is one kind of why Tesla didn't
advertise for so long, like people
should be able to buy the car without
needing to see a Facebook ad in their
face. And I think that was the contrary
bet around Pounder that the product
would be so transformational that the
value they provide to an organization
would actually be the marketing. And
that's kind of how it ended up playing
out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is a very, like you said,
contrarian is the the right word for
that. No one else does that that way. um
basically and being willing to go uphill
against the grain for
especially when you do it for 20 years
like Palanteer did like that produces
something incredibly special and uh I
mean what is your reaction to Mark Beni
off's comments recently about Palunteer
and you know their version of FDE versus
Palanteers FTEES and uh yeah like Yeah.
How do you think about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think again his biggest concern
is that Palenter is charging such
expensive prices um and Salesforce is
charging cheaper prices. So why is the
government buying Palant's product and
paying you know 10x more than Salesforce
for the government and and and and to me
I'm just like well
ask the government right like they're
not being forced to buy Palenteer
products. They don't have to. There's
many times where Palenters lost
contracts. So, uh, even today it was it
was found out there's a State Department
contract for Palanteer of $410 million
for one year, which is incredible,
right? Cuz 400 million should be like a
5year contract. That's a one-year
contract. So, if the government is
willing to pay more, if customers are
willing to pay more for something they
perceive as valuable and then it's
actually producing value in their
organization,
then I think Benoff's comments are just
like
whining. You know, as as Karp said, he's
like the nice guy who's asking why don't
I get laid. It's like you could be a
nice guy, but if if they don't want to
sleep with you, you're, you know, you
can't ask why people don't want to sleep
with you. You have to like really
realize that there's other things that
go into just being a nice guy or uh
having a product that's cheap. And so, I
think it actually is really embarrassing
for them because if the government's
willing to pay 10x more than your
product for a different competitor and
you're complaining that your product's
cheaper, you're basically saying your
product's worse. If the government's
willing to pay 10x more for something
that is slightly similar, in this case,
it's probably not slightly similar. In
this case, it's probably completely
different and that shows where the sort
of alpha is differentiated propoundary
versus a product like Salesforce.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And just the power of ontology and
it's
ability to constrain the outcome. So, I
guess one of uh
the
contrarian takes I think that Alex has
had for a long time and that I think is
going to be increasingly important is
like I I just don't see anyone else who
is Oh, let me back up for a second. You
know, we're starting we're entering into
the age of artificial intelligence. AGI
is not too far away. You know, who
knows? Is it one year? Is it two years?
Is it five years? Is it 10 years?
Whatever it is, it's definitely
approaching rapidly. And everyone has
their panties in a wad about whether or
not we're going to be able to align this
thing to keep it in tune with the values
of humans. And
when I look at the history of technology
over the last, you know, thousands and
thousands of years, there have really
been two forces that have aligned
technology with humans. And it is
markets and great power competition. And
those two things are
what have you know like you get the
wheel and you use the wheel to transport
your hay from here to market and you
also use the wheel to make chariots and
go kill some people and you know it just
goes on and on from there. And what
Palanteer is building with Ontology like
is
the ability to constrain the operation
of these LLMs, these intelligence token
like intelligence generating digital
machines
to provide value
in the realm of large businesses. So
like huge market actors and government
agencies
applied to combat. So like I don't see
anything
onlogically
in the world
that is better positioned to solve AI
alignment
than Palunteer.
And I it's just yeah I think it's it's
one of the most incredibly important
efforts in still so misunder like no one
no one understands that even like among
the Palunteer investment community I
don't think you know what what
10% of people kind of get that point um
and just where we're going with that and
how important it is and then especially
within broader culture that it's so easy
to think that Palanteer is like this
evil company that needs to like we all
need to be afraid of and the fact that
they're willing to work on that problem
with boldness and
pragmatically too like hey we've got to
actually build real solutions that work
in the real world and all of your fake
academic like ideas about what a
solution would look like we don't care
like we're going to build what actually
works. Um yeah, it's just incredible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the contextual nature of
how an ontology actually uh grounds an
organization's business operations
within the reality of the truth of the
the sort of the essence of the
organization and how it gets from just
the idea of what the company wants to do
or what the government agency wants to
do versus the action of doing it. It's
really hard and it sounds kind of
simple. It's like okay, you just get all
the data together, you compile it. But
like the amount of patents that Pounder
has on organizing data, the amount of
years it took of trial and error, the
amount of companies that fired them
because they messed up in terms of re
really being able to deliver value, it's
all manifested in what we're seeing
today. And and what we're seeing today
is a company that is obsessed with
delivering value and the ontology is the
unlock for that value. The LLMs
ironically just make the ontology even
better because you know the LM Sam Alman
and Elon they're spending billions of
dollars to train these models. Palant is
plugging those models into the
contextual operating system the
infrastructure of how they understand a
company's data and then making them more
effective more efficient more margin
accreted because the LMS obviously can
start to do things in a faster way. So
that is the unlock I think millions of
organizations across the world need it.
The company only has 900 customers. one
day it'll be 9,000 and that's where the
opportunity even today at these levels
still feels pretty ripe uh over the next
10 years if they continue to to execute.
&gt;&gt; Um so let's shift gears a little bit.
This is building on
AI, you know, just being the hottest
thing in the investment realm these
days. Like how are you thinking about
trying to invest in in AI? I know that
you've taken a pretty decentsized
position in Tesla recently. I would
assume that that is mostly just based on
an AI future thesis. Um, yeah. What has
your journey with AI investments been?
You know, how do you think about people
like Jensen Wong, Lisa Sue, and what is
the
what is the feedback that you're getting
from your retail investment community
around
this
red-hot like area of the market.
&gt;&gt; I think that um at its core, what I'm
starting to hear more and more from
people is that AI is a bubble and that
it's going to collapse and none of it's
real and that the data center buildout
is um not something that people should
expect to be as like this grandiose
magnificent fourth industrial
revolution. And I think I think there's
actually a lot more push back than there
is excitement. And and for good reason,
right? People are afraid that like their
stock portfolios can disappear if this
whole thing is fake. I go back to
Jensen, Zuckerberg, Elon, Alman, Larry
Ellison, Sundar, Nadella, none of these
guys are pouring hundreds of billions
into infrastructure and capex for fun.
Like that's just not that's just not
that's just not a thing. So when when
you talk to the Bears and they're like,
"Oh, it's all fake." It's like, would
these guys willingfully just take net
income, free cash flow, and throw it at
some random thing off the hope that it's
real? It's like, no. And there's a
little bit of a prisoners dilemma here
because if one is spending, then the
other probably has to spend. But the
idea that all of them are wrong at the
same time, it's possible. I just find it
hard to believe. So, when I think of AI,
I think of three fundamental sort of
paradigm shifts. Number one is humanoid
robotics, number two is self-driving,
and number three is personal assistance.
Obviously Tesla, uh, human robotics and
selfdriving might be the biggest
verticals out of those three. And Tesla
might have a pseudo monopoly on both of
them, which would be incredible. But
those are two big areas that are going
to need massive GPUs, massive compute
capacity, and massive levels of training
for data sets. And then you've got these
personal assistants, which our
day-to-day lives, I think, are maybe 10%
affected by AI. It's like 100% affected
by the internet. At one point, it's
going to be 100% affected by AI. And the
amount of times that we touch a product
or we talk to a product or we engage
with a product that is rooted
fundamentally in artificial intelligence
just means Nvidia is likely going to be
selling more chips. It means Apple which
has access to two billion people
probably is going to be able to charge
us an additional fee for using those
products. Same thing with Google. Like
it means the companies that define the
21st century are only going to get more
products and services, more margin
enhancement, and more ways to offer
things to users and consumers in ways
that we can't even conceptualize. Like
drug discovery is a is a topic I love
talking about when it comes to AI
because I mean that that affects all of
us, right? We can figure out a cure to
XYZ disease and people don't have to die
if they have that disease. That is a
massive market opportunity. It's also a
massive thing for humanity. You need
some level of technological breakthrough
just like we've always needed in the in
the course of human history when it came
to healthcare to be able to get to that
next step and I think those verticals
are not stopping anytime soon. I mean
even financials right financial quant
trading is going to be influenced by AI
and these different trading bots. So I
think most of the people that I talk to
are excited about the opportunity.
They're definitely a bit cautious about
how big it can be. But if it's going to
be bigger than what all of us think it's
going to be, then it might be the next
greatest 10 years in history to be an
investor because we all get a chance to
invest in the success of these
companies.
&gt;&gt; And so have you been investing in any of
the infrastructure plays, the picks and
shovels, the Nvidia, the AMDs yourself,
or are you more focused on those
verticals like you're talking about? You
know, I mean Palunteer is obviously one
vertical like let's shim this
intelligence into businesses and capture
value off of it. That's going to be one.
And then Tesla with humanoid robotics
and self-driving cars is definitely
going to be a huge one. Um, but those
are Yeah, those are those vertical plays
instead of really the the horizontal
just the rising tide that lifts all
boats type of plays.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for me I have been uh pretty
pretty excited about the infrastructure
plays. So, uh, obviously Tesla and
Pounder, those are different verticals
that I think are very, very exciting.
But, um, what else is really exciting to
me is the infrastructure of how it plays
out. So, Nvidia is my largest AI, I
guess, infrastructure position. And, you
know, I kind of got lucky on Nvidia
because I had a couple friends that were
talking about it when DeepS happened and
I was like, all right, well,
stocks went from 140 to 90. Like, if I
don't buy it here, then I'm not going to
ever buy Nvidia. So my average ended up
being 122. I bought as much as I could.
That one has worked out. And you know,
now it forced me to go down the rabbit
hole of being like, hey, what is this
whole Nvidia thing? And I've come to the
conclusion that this company is probably
going to be worth $10 trillion one day.
And it's very exciting to be here and
seeing how they operate. And when you
really realize how much pricing power
Jensen has and the actual monopoly of
chips that they've built via the 30
years of intellectual property, like it
becomes it becomes one of those things
where I'm really excited that Deep Seek
happened and I got a chance to step in
and so yeah, Nvidia is my biggest
position from that perspective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think Jensen is one of those
singular people as well. Um the veloc
once again like their product velocity
is incredible. their actual alignment of
their team around that mission and like
the intensity that they work with is
incredible. Um, but that said, there
there was a new Deep Seek paper that
just dropped today, I believe, the V3.2
paper and uh, you know, they dropped
their uh, V was it V2, I think was their
paper in December that kind of predated
the R1 release that triggered the the
big fat drop in uh, was it February?
Something like February, I think.
that um
&gt;&gt; January like 24th
basically going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um so I mean there could be
another architectural unlock that we see
come here and I don't know if the market
will react similarly or if they'll think
uh you know we we've been here done that
before. Nvidia is still going to the
moon. um if if Deepseek does find a way
to do super long context uh inference
with way way less energy and I think
that is definitely the the direction
that this is headed is that you know
we're the way that we're building LLMs
is kind of like caveman sticks and
stones way to produce intelligence and
we'll get a lot better but the question
is yeah as it gets better and cheaper
does that mean we want more chips or
less chips
&gt;&gt; yeah and I I think the cost of training
and compute will definitely get cheaper,
right? Like that's inevitable. Um but
especially because like the cost per
token will go down, but like the amount
of compute that will be needed, you
know, to get a GP9 or a Gro 7 like it's
just going to be I I think Elon, Ultim,
Ellison, they've all acknowledged like
this is simply going to take more
capacity, more compute. We don't have
enough of it. That's why players like
Nebus and Cororeweave and Ian are
getting into the mix because they're
going to be the companies that help
these hyperscalers ultimately scale. Um,
I think it means there's going to be a
lot more GPUs that are sold. And the
other thing that's important about this
is that each generation is better than
the next one. And every hyperscaler
needs to have the latest generation. So
like iPhone 17 GPU 25 eventually is
going to happen. And that just means
there's a massive opportunity for
Nvidia, I think, over the the next
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I have to agree. I mean, I it's
always hard to say if there's going to
be some architectural thing that's going
to come along and allow us to be, you
know, 100x more effective with current
infrastructure than we are today. But
yeah, that arms race dynamic that you're
talking about between Open AI and Elon
and Google especially, and then you
could definitely throw Zuckerberg in the
mix, but you know, I think primarily
that is the three-way race that is that
Jensen is um making sure is still a
three-way race. You know, it almost
looked like potentially Elon and Google
were just going to be in a a two-way
race to AGI if if Sam couldn't raise the
funds to continue to put up data centers
that can compete. Um, but Jensen's like,
"Yeah, no, we we'll make sure that
OpenAI stays right there neck andneck
with all of y'all." Um that dynamic
means that you know even if we get a
100x improvement in efficiency and
effectiveness, they still all have to
compete with one another to be able to
maintain that pace of research and that
pace of deployment and that pace of
development of new product and that's
where yeah like I don't you know like I
said even if we get 100x improvement I
don't see investments into Nvidia uh
just dropping off a cliff the next day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially and the reason it's
hard for them to drop off a cliff the
next day is because like all of the
companies that are buying their product
understand that they would rather not
buy their product if they didn't have
to. Like there's there's no world where
Google, Amazon, Meadow giving Nvidia all
this money, but they have to, right? Uh
and and and as a result, if you have to
be able to take the burden to implement
all that infrastructure, like what
you're going to wake up on the third
generation of the chip and be like,
"Yeah, we don't want any." It's like,
"No, you've been doing this for three
generations. I'm not leaving my iPhone."
You know, I might upgrade to the next
one as easily, but I'm not going to go
to Android. And so, if you're going to
stick with the same system and the same
infrastructure of it, and the compute
capacity you need is going to only 10. I
mean, I think Google had a stat where
they went from like 2 trillion tokens to
50 trillion tokens in the last 90 days
of just the amount of Gemini was
producing answers. Like this shit's
going to be five quadrillion tokens at
some point when it appro when it
approaches every part of our life. And
if that's the case, you're likely going
to need a lot more GPUs.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Well, I know we were running up on a
hard stop here in just a few minutes.
So, I want to give you a chance to any
parting words for the audience today.
You know what what is the most important
thing that you can
tell a retail investor today to help
them navigate the chaos of you know the
market for the next 5 years?
&gt;&gt; I would say uh as a general principle
getting in the markets is the most
important thing you can do in your life.
uh at the end of the day you make wealth
I think by by owning a business and
scaling that right having real equity in
your own business startup pizza store
whatever it is like you have to have
equity in something or you can own other
businesses right it's really hard to
build a business yourself so the easier
thing to do is work a 9 to5 get some
income after all your expenses whatever
money you have available to put that
into something that can compound because
if you put it into a savings account or
a checking account it's it's not going
to do And so being in the markets in of
itself is the most important. The second
thing I would say is that recognizing
this is the most important technological
shift we've had in the history of
humanity. And that's not an
understatement. Like and if you believe
it's an understatement, there's just
more research that has to be done on
what is actually happening. And you
don't have to trust me. You can look at
big tech and look at the amount of free
cash flow they're spending on this tech
revolution
being allocated to that in some way.
Whether it's just the S&amp;P 500, the
NASDAQ, which is a composite of the
hundred most important tech companies,
whether it's Teslas or Nvidia or Amazon,
these are companies that are global
behemoths. They are not going anywhere
for the forget the next 5 years, for the
next 500 years. And as a result, being
invested in the markets simply is the
solution to uh a lot of times wondering
what to do with your capital. Whether
it's 10,000 or 10 million that you have,
you it's got to have some type of some
type of allocation. So, navigating the
chaos of the markets, I think the first
step is to be in that chaos in the eye
of the tornado. And then you start to
realize it's kind of fun to be in the
middle of it because this headline comes
out and your stock's down three bucks
and you're like, "Holy crap, what's
going on?" It forces you to recognize
what's happening. Then Elon tweets
something and the stock's up 10% and
you're like, "Well, what's just
happened?" Like Elon buys a billion
dollars worth of Elon's buying a billion
dollars worth. He bought he bought at a
worse price than me. Like it becomes
this fun game and I think that game has
real implications on people's financial
lives. But it's different than sports or
pop culture where everything you're
paying attention to has no impact on
you. Everything you're paying attention
to in the markets has an impact on your
literal net worth and that's very
exciting and I would say wake up every
day and embrace that chaos and that
challenge.
&gt;&gt; I love it. Those are great parting
words. So everyone if you haven't found
Amit on X and on YouTube you should
definitely do that. You can find him at
Amit Kukrea. We'll put links in the
description below for both of those. And
uh yeah, have a great day and uh yeah,
enjoy enjoy the chaos because uh it's
only going to get more chaotic and more
enjoyable every single year from now
moving forward. Love
&gt;&gt; it. Thank you, man.