Channel:     tesla
Title:       Tesla Q2 2025 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLjG7a-NX7U
Published:   2025-07-23 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 09:05 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nat.
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
[Music]
feel.
la. Uhhuh.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Applause]
[Music]
Good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's second quarter 2025 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axarrod, head of
investor relations, and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk, Babop Taneda, and a number
of other executives. Our Q2 results were
announced at about 3 p.m. Central time
in the update deck be published at the
same link as this webcast. During this
call, we will discuss our business
outlook and make forward-looking
statements. These comments are based on
our predictions and expectations as of
today. Actual events or results could
differ materially due to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including those
mentioned in our most recent filings
with the SEC. During the question and
answer portion of today's call, please
limit yourself to one question and one
followup. Please use the raise hand
button to join the question queue.
Before we jump into Q&amp;A, Elon has some
opening remarks. Elon.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thanks Travis.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so we've had a very exciting
quarter. uh the we're able to
successfully launch robo taxi so
providing our first drives with no one
in the driver's seat um uh with paying
customers in Austin um and as uh some
may have noted we've already expanded
our service area in Austin um it's uh
bigger and longer and um and it's it's
going to get even bigger and longer the
we were expecting to um really
greatly increase the uh motion service
area um to well in excess of what
competitors are doing. And uh that's
hopefully in a week or so, couple weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, couple weeks.
&gt;&gt; A couple weeks or so. Um
and uh and and and then we're we're
getting the regulatory permission uh to
launch in the Bay Area uh Nevada uh
Arizona and a number and Florida and a
number of other places. So as as we uh
get the approvals and we prove out
safety then we'll be uh launching
autonomous ride hailing in most of the
country and I think we'll probably uh
have autonomous ride hailing in probably
half half the population of the US by
the end of the year. That's that's at
least our goal subject to regulatory
approvals. Um I I I think we'll
technically be able to do it. So
assuming we get regulatory approvals,
it's probably addressing half the
population of the US by the end of the
year. Um but we we are being very
cautious. We don't want to take any
chances
and so uh we're we're going to yeah go
cautiously.
But uh it it the service areas and the
number of vehicles in in operation will
increase at at a hyper exponential rate.
Um
so
um you know some other notable things
Model Y in June became the bestselling
car in Turkey, Netherlands, Switzerland
and Austria. Uh it is I believe the
bestselling car of any kind in the world
still.
um and um
autonomy is a is a big factor there. So
even without
even even absent even even without
supervised even even with just
supervised self self-driving it's it's a
huge uh selling point. Um and it's worth
noting that we do not actually yet have
approval for supervised FSD uh in in
Europe where so our sales in Europe uh
we think will improve significantly once
we are able to give customers the same
experience that they have in the US.
This is this is I think a very important
point to convey. Um and we've been
working with our main country regulator
which is the Netherlands
and uh I think we're close to getting
approval with the Netherlands then it's
going to go to the EU
quite a
you know Kafka-esque in fact Kafka had
no idea that's something like EU could
exist
beyond Kafka challenges with bureaucracy
but it will we will get the approvals um
and I I think we'll
uh you know some people in Europe will
have an experience similar to that of
the US uh in most of Europe you know
this year hopefully at least partially
uh in this quarter
um and then we also have some reg
regulatory regulatory challenges in
China which we're hoping to unblock
shortly uh where we because we also
cannot provide uh supervised FSD in
China currently um Puerto Rico to
unblock that soon. And that's also those
that's another major it really is the
single biggest demand driver.
Um and then within the US uh as as we
are get confident about uh safety in in
different uh geographic areas the you
know we'll um uh loosen up on how
uh much somebody has to be laser focused
have the eyes laser focused on the road.
Um you know is that that's that's been a
common complaint. Um, in fact, it it
does create an odd odd safety issue
where people will sometimes disengage uh
autopilot
uh then then do something, change the
radio or maybe look at the phone, drive
with her knee, and then re-engage
autopilot, which obviously is not is
less safe than simply keeping autopilot
on.
Uh so anyway, we're
get that that that experience will will
improve in in the next several weeks.
The the because of our focus on
with no one in the driver's seat, the
production release of autopilot is
actually several months behind what
people experience on a robo tax in
Austin. Um so now now we have the the
robot tax that wasn't launched. We'll be
provide adding back those elements uh so
that there will be a step change
improvements in the uh the autopilot
experience for people outside of Boston.
So this this is really
as you can tell this is very much sort
of autonomy is is the story. um like we
need the we need the physical product
without which you cannot have autonomy
but once you have the physical product
you need the the autonomy is what
amplifies the value to stratospheric
levels
um
we also launched the Tesla diner which
has been a huge hit that actually got
worldwide attention which is unusual for
a diner
diners don't typically get uh you know
headline news around
Um, but this is a pretty special diner
and if you're in the LA area, it's worth
visiting.
It's sort of a shiny beacon of hope in
in an otherwise sort of bleak urban
landscape, frankly.
So, really quite quite a lovely
experience. Great job by the Tesla team
there. Um,
on the full self-driving front, continue
talking about that.
um we have um we're continuing to make
uh significant improvements just with
the software. So uh the
we're expecting to increase the
parameter count
actually at this point
uh to I think we think we can probably
10x the almost 10x the power parameter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, roughly roughly 10x the parameter
count. So um
this is this is actually a very tricky
thing to do. Um
because you if you as you increase the
parameter count you get you get choked
on memory bandwidth. Uh but we currently
think we can 10x the parameter count uh
from what people are currently
experiencing.
That's so not not just a 4x actually 10x
increase in parameter count. Um
and um
yeah so so a lot of improvement on the
existing hardware to to happen.
Uh energy is growing really well
despite headwinds from tariffs and spare
supply chain challenges. Um
the mega pack is expanding capacity
quickly and uh and we have upgrades to
the mega pack that will make it even
better and we had record power wall
deployments again in Q2. So I I think
battery batteries are going to just
going to be a massive thing.
Uh that the scale of batteries battery
demand is I think not that many people
appreciate just how gigantic the scale
of battery demand is.
The way the way to think about it is
that the US sustained power output for
the US grid um is around 1 terowatt
but average usage is less than half a
terowatt.
Uh if you add batteries to the mix you
can run the power plants 24/7 at full
capacity
thus doubling more than doubling the
energy output per year of the United
States just with batteries.
But that's again
um big deal. It's a really big deal.
Optimus uh
so we're
evolving to opt Optimus design
and really getting Optimus to the point
where it is
a phenomenal design.
So Optimus version two right now sort of
two and a half. Optimus 3 is uh
is an exquisite design in my opinion and
um
will be an incred as I've said many
times before I predict it will be the
biggest product ever. Um it's a very
hard problem to solve. You have to
design
every part of it from physics first
principles. There's nothing that's off
the shelf that actually works. So,
you're going to design every motor,
gearbox,
power electronics, control electronics,
sensors,
the mechanical elements.
Um, we also got to train Optimus
to
you use its limbs and it sensors with a
neural net.
But we'll be applying the same
techniques that we've applied for a car
which is essentially a four-wheel robot
and Optimus is a robot with arms and
legs. So the the same principles that
apply to optimizing
AI inference are the car apply to
Optimus because they're both really
robots in different forms.
Um and and Tesla it it is important to
note that Tesla is by far the best in
the world at real world AI.
Like like a clear proof point for that
would be if you compare it say Tesla to
Whimo. Whimo's got you know the car is
bested with god knows how many sensors.
Uh and yet isn't Google good at AI? Yes.
But they're not good at real world AI.
Thus far they have Tesla is actually
much better than Google by far than any
much better than anyone at real world AI
and and I and by far Tesla has the the
best inference efficiency.
uh like I think a key figure of merit
for AI is what is the intelligence per
gigabyte
and people talk about parameters blah
blah blah but I think let's talk about
stop talking about parameters and talk
about gigabytes because with the
parameters you can have four bit
parameters 8 bit parameters 16 bit
parameters but the actual constraints in
the hardware are how many gigabytes of
RAM and how many gigabytes per second
can you transfer from RAM therefore it
is not a parameter constraint Right.
There's it is a there's a bite
constraint
and uh Tesla has the highest
intelligence density of any AI by far
and I have a lot of insight into this
with with XAI. XAI is you know Grock is
the smartest AI overall but it's a you
know Gro 4 is a giant beast
there at the terabyte level. Um
and uh so it's kind of a important to
note Tesla has the best intelligence
density and intelligence density will be
a very big deal in the future. It is now
um so
with with Optimus 3
which is really the right design. It's
like it doesn't have at this point
there's no no significant significant
flaws with the Optimus 3 design. Um
but it we we are going to retool a bunch
of things. So it's
it'll probably be
prototypes of Optimus 3 into this year
and then scale production next year.
Going to try to scale Optimus production
as fast as it's humanly possible to to
do so. Trying to get to a million units
a year. as quickly as possible.
We think we can get there in less than
five years. That's my sort of I guess um
that that's a reasonable aspiration is a
million units a year
five years. It seems like an achievable
target.
Um
so in in conclusion uh so far 2025 has
been very exciting year a lot of major
milestones
uh we've made clear pro demonstrable
progress in autonomy that's a lot of
nerves said we would not achieve but
it's worth noting that the
we have done what we said we were going
to do doesn't mean we're always on time
But we get it done.
And on the series
are sitting there with egg on their
face.
So
great great great progress by the Tesla
team. Um,
yeah, I do think if Tesla continues to
execute well with vehicle autonomy
and and humanoid robot autonomy, it it
will be the most valuable company in the
world. It's a lot of execution between
here and there. It doesn't just happen.
But robot, we execute very well.
Um,
I think Tesla has a shot at being the
most valuable company in the world.
Obviously, I'm extremely optimistic
about future of the company. Um,
best way to predict the future is to
make it happen and we're making it
happen here with Tesla team. So, I'd
just like to say thanks to all of our
supporters and I think we've got yeah an
incredibly exciting future.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much, Elon and Fed
has remarks as well.
&gt;&gt; Travis, as Elon mentioned, Q2 was an
interesting quarter in a few respects.
We started ramping up the production of
the new Model Y at all our factories. We
rolled out our robot taxi service in
Austin and delivered a car completely
autonomously from directly from the
factory to the customer's home.
It is a seminal point to get to this
thing. I mean, it took a lot of effort
and I really want to thank everybody at
Tesla to make this happen. It wasn't an
easy thing to do, but we did it. It took
time, but we've just begun the next
phase for the company.
The one big bill has a lot of changes
that would affect our business in the
near term. The first among those changes
is the repeal of the IRA EV credit of
7,500 by the end of this quarter. Given
the abrupt change, we have limited
supply of vehicles in the US this
quarter as we have already within lead
times to order parts to build cars.
We've rolled out all our planned
incentives already and we'll start
paying them back as we start to sell. If
you're in the US and looking to buy a
car, place your order now as we may not
be able to guarantee delivery for orders
placed in the later part of August and
beyond. The will also made changes to
certain emission standards by reducing
the amount of penalty to zero. This in
turn will have an impact on the new
sales of regulatory credits to other
OEMs and in turn will lead to lower
revenues.
While we've never planned our business
around such sales, it will nonetheless
impact our total revenues going forward.
On the automotive product portfolio, the
entire lineup is updated globally. We
seeing an increase in the number of test
drives. We started the production of the
lower cost model as planned in the first
half of 25. However, given our focus on
building and delivering as many vehicles
as possible in the US before the EV
credit expires and the additional
complexity of ramping a new product, the
ramp will happen next quarter slower
than initially expected.
One thing which is grossly under
appreciated and Elon talked about it is
that all our vehicles in the lineup are
capable of a ton. This is by far the
biggest differentiator between us and
the competition.
Our vehicles stop safety standard as is
but with FSD they are and will continue
to set a new standard for safety within
vehicular transportation. We published
our uh vehicle safety report earlier
today. And you can see a car on FSD is
10x safer than the car not on FSD.
We've started seeing an uptick in FSD
adoption in North America in recent
months which is a very promising trend.
And just to give you perspective, you
know, since the launch of uh since we've
went moved to version 12 of FSD, we've
seen the adaption rates really increase.
We've started seeing the on the
automotive revenue uh front uh despite
reduction in regulator revenue and the
auto the total automotive revenue
increased by 19% sequentially even
though total deliveries only improved
14%.
This was primarily due to an improved as
ASPS because of the new model Y. This
helped in improving margin sequentially
as well along with improved mix and
higher cost fixed cost absorption
despite an increase in cost from
tariffs.
We started seeing the impact of tariffs
in our P&amp;L. Sequentially the cost of
tariffs increased around 300 million
with approximately 2/3 of that impact in
automotive and rest in energy. However,
given the latency in manufacturing and
sales, the full impacts will come
through in the following quarters and so
costs will increase in the near term.
While we're doing our best to manage
these impacts, we are in an
unpredictable environment on the tariff
front.
The margins for the energy generation
and storage businesses improved
sequentially while deployment reduced
primarily due to the rampoff power
deployments at higher margins.
We were able to achieve our highest
gross profit for the business yet.
Note that the overall deployments will
continue to vary quarter to quarter. I
think Elon covered this that you know
industrial storage will make a
difference in this drive towards AI and
data center growth. The energy
requirements are increasing at a rapid
scale as application as AI applications
are very energy hungry. The quickest
path to scale up energy is deploying
storage. This is something that our
customers have started realizing and
despite this business having the largest
impacts from tariffs, we're seeing
customers willing to accept some of the
tariff impacts.
The big bill
has certain adverse impacts even for the
energy business most notably on the
residential storage business due to the
early expiration of consumer credits by
the end of this year.
The challenges of the storage business
therefore remain both from the build and
from the terrace and we're doing our
best to try and manage through this but
it will we will see shifts in demand and
profitability.
The margins for our service and other
businesses improved sequentially
primarily due to higher profits from
supercharging and improvement in
insurance and service center
profitability.
Operating expenses also grew
sequentially as we continued our
investment in AI projects including
additional expenses related to employee
related cost including higher stockbased
compensation and depreciation for AI
compute. Our operating expenses
especially R&amp;D
related spend will continue to grow. We
believe even in the current environment
it is the right strategy to keep making
investments in these areas to position
us for the long term.
Other income grew sequentially primarily
from the marktomarket adjustment on
Bitcoin holdings which was 284 million
gained in Q2 while being 125 million
loss in Q1. Just want to remind people
that this would keep creating volatility
based on the Bitcoin price.
While other while operating cash flows
increased sequentially, so did our capex
resulting in 146 million of free cash
flow. We continue to make investments in
various aspects of manufacturing like
the cyber cap, semi lines and other
manufacturing spend and the expansion of
our AI initiatives. Our latest
expectation for the year in terms of
capex is in excess of 9 billion.
To summarize, we have near-term
challenges in our business due to the
negative impacts of the bill and
tariffs. However, the investments that
we have made for AI robotics and our
lead in energy sets us up for a bright
future. I would like to thank the whole
Tesla team, our customers, our investors
and supporters for their continued
belief in us.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much, Beth. Uh so
now we're going to move on to say.com
questions. The first question is, can
you give us some insight how robo taxis
have been performing so far and what
rate you expect to expand in terms of
vehicles, geoence, cities, and
supervisors? Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Robot Xia has been doing great so
far in Austin. Customers really love the
experience. Um,
like super smooth, uh, very safe and
like just a great experience overall.
Uh, and we already did a first wave of
expansion in Austin and we'll continue
to expand in Austin uh, to probably more
than 10x our current operating region.
We're also testing in a lot of other
cities as Elon mentioned. Um the next
thing to expand would be in the San
Francisco Bay area. Uh we are working
with the government to get approval
here. Uh and in the meanwhile launch the
service with the person in the driver's
seat just to expedite and while we wait
for regulatory approval. Uh we're also
testing a lot of other cities in the US
uh including Florida, Nevada etc.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh thank you very much Shook. Um
the next question is what are the key
technical and regulatory hurdles still
remaining for unsupervised FSD to be
available for personal use? Can you
provide a timeline?
&gt;&gt; We're certainly getting there. Um
I think it's it'll be available for
supervised personal use uh by the end of
this year in certain geographies. uh
we're just being very careful about it.
So, okay.
&gt;&gt; This is not something which we want to
rush. No,
&gt;&gt; we want to make sure that everything is
safe before we mating or available
broadly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're just being extremely
paranoid.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um but I I would be I'm I'm
confident that by the end of this year
within um a number of cities in the US
we will it'll be available to u end
users like
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And for what I suppose is the same
AI hardware in the Austin robot taxi
vehicles as some customer vehicles and
we did deliver a car autonomously from
the factory to a customer.
&gt;&gt; Yes. uh and every Tesla manufacturer in
the US and in Europe autonomously drives
itself from the end of line to the
loading docks and it so it's just a
software update.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we'll be we'll end up
delivering cars in the greater ro area
and the Bay Area by default from the
factory by the end of this year. like a
car will deliver itself to your to where
you are unless you say you don't want
that.
&gt;&gt; That would be super cool. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you guys. Uh the next
question is what specific factory tasks
is Optimus currently performing and what
is the expected timeline for scaling
production to enable external sales? How
does Tesla envision Optimus contributing
to revenue the next two to three years?
Uh yeah so
the Optimus Optimus 3 design as I
mentioned earlier is I think finally the
right design. There'll be further
optimizations but there are no I think
no fundamental changes to that are
needed for the Optimus 3 design. It has
all the degrees of freedom that you
really want um or need. Uh so it's you
know we'll have prototypes of that in I
don't know 3 or 3 months and it saw to a
production
we'll certainly start production on that
in the beginning of next year the
production ramp it's difficult it's
always difficult to predict uh the esc
of production ramp um when something has
got an entire when everything is new
because the rate of production will move
as fast as the least lucky key and least
competent uh element of the entire
supply chain as well as internal
processes. So the more new stuff that is
in in a product, the slower the the ramp
could be because of unexpected u supply
chain interruptions or mistakes made
internally. um it's much easier to
predict um sort of the the the end of
the of the scope or or late in the scope
than the beginning of the scope and the
beginning of the scope of of the
production ramp is in any case not
really material for purposes. Um the uh
the beginning of the scope the you're
usually not usually you always negative
post margin
then you're debugging a lot of issues.
So, um,
that's why like it's it's I I feel like
fairly confident in predicting things or
at least medium confident in predicting
where we are in five years, but I it's
hard to predict where we are in a year
or two years. Um
so that's why I think five years
I think we could be at the uh
let me put this I'll be surprised if at
the end of 5 years you know 60 months
from now if we are not roughly making
100,000 Optimus robots a month in 60
months I would be shocked.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you very much. Next
question is, can you provide an update
on the development and production
timeline for Tesla's more affordable
models? How will these models balance
cost reduction profitability and what
impact do you expect on demand in the
current economic climate?
&gt;&gt; Well, I I think by did a good job of
answering this question in his opening
remarks. As we said, we started
production in June and we're ramping,
you know, quality builds and things
around the quarter. And given that that
we started in North America and that you
know that um our goal is to maximize
production with IRA cliff ending in Q3
we're going to keep pushing hard on our
current models to avoid complexity.
Unfortunately once that rolls away we'll
be running with new more affordable
models available for everyone in Q4. Um
and you know the goal with those
products was not to negatively impact
revenue or or gross margin but just to
make a a car that everyone loves and
wants at a more affordable price.
Great. Thank you Larsson. Uh the next
question is can you talk about the
benefits of Tesla investing in XAI?
&gt;&gt; This is not the forum to discuss this
topic. I mean if if there is something
which we need to discuss, we'll discuss
it separately.
&gt;&gt; I think obviously you know we're a
publicly traded company. Shareholders
are welcome to put forward any
shareholder proposals that they'd like.
I recently encourage that. Um and uh and
then have shareholders vote and we'll
act in accordance with the shareholder
wishes.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much. The next
question is can you tell us a little bit
more about what goes on in the Tesla
design studio?
&gt;&gt; Do you want me to take that one? Um we
kind of generally say that um what
happens in the studio stays in the
studio. um and that you know earnings
calls are not the place to disclose new
product stuff but we're you know working
to make sure that we have an exciting
future for for Tesla and our in the
product lineup.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of exciting things
happening in the design studio. It's
it's not like static. Um, and really
what's going to happen over the next uh
several years is a fundamental
transformation of the company from a
pre- autonomy world to a post autonomy
and uh
I'm working on a new master plan to
articulate that
as a team and uh
you know there there there will there
will be you know some teething pains as
you as you transition from a pre pre-
autonomy to a post autonomy world. But I
think the the future vision for Tesla is
incredibly exciting
uh and will profoundly change the world
in a good way.
&gt;&gt; This may sound like sort of plan for
whatever but I I think if well let's
just say if we execute on that plan
effectively which is you have to
actually do that um Tesla will be the
most valuable company in the world by
far.
Great. Thank you. The next question uh
is actually a duplicate on unsupervised
FSD for customer vehicles. So we'll skip
that. Uh after that is are there any
news for hardware 3 users getting
retrofits or upgrades? Will they get
hardware 4 or some future version of
hardware 5?
&gt;&gt; I mean what we want to do is we want to
get unsupervised done on hardware 4
first. Once it's done, then we will go
back and look at what we need to do with
the hardware three cars. I mean the like
I said the focus is first to get
unsupervised out and then we'll go back
and see what more work we need to do.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next qu question is can you
give an update on dojo and could XAI be
a customer for dojo?
Um, Dojo 2,
um,
we expect to have Dojo 2 operating in
scale sometime next year. Um,
with scale being in somewhere around
100K H100 equivalents.
Um,
and, um,
and then AI5, which is really it's
spectacular. I don't use those words
lightly. spectacular trip. Uh the AI5
chip will be hopefully be in volume
production around the end of next year
that has a lot of potential.
Um I think you know thinking about Dojo
3 and the AI6 inference chip um
it seems like intuitively we want to try
to find convergence there where it's
basically the same chip. um
that is used where we where you use say
two of them in a car or an Optimus
uh and and maybe a larger number on a on
a board like I don't know of 512 on a
board or something like that if you want
high bandwidth communication between the
chips at a force serve
doing it burn surviving that sort of
seems like intuitively the sensible way
to
Great. Um, the next uh set of questions
uh have all actually been covered. So,
we'll we'll end with uh how will the BBV
elimination of tax credits for solar
projects affect your sales pipeline for
me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, our our sales pipeline is is quite
diversified across customers and market
segments. So, we aren't heavily weighted
in mega packs that are paired with
solar. And as we talked about in the
opening remarks, we're seeing storage
quickly being recognized for its ability
to unlock grid efficiency and how
quickly it can be deployed to help the
grid.
Uh, additionally, although the recent
bill was not favorable towards solar, we
believe solar projects will still get
built because the energy is necessary,
the projects are welldeveloped and
they're ready for execution and there's
really no alternatives in the near term
given gas turbine lead time and pricing.
We also continue to see growth in the
data center segment and in standalone
storage projects providing capacity to
the grid in several markets across the
US.
U overall we're forecasting a very
strong second half of the year as we
increase deployments.
Uh and lastly we we continue to invest
heavily in US manufacturing to mitigate
policy and tariff impacts expecting our
first LFP cell manufacturing facility to
be online by the end of the year and
launching our third mega factory near
Houston in 2026.
Great. Thank you, Mike. Uh, we will now
be moving to analyst questions. Uh, the
first question comes from Emanuel Rosner
at Wolf Research. Emanuel, uh, please
feel free to unmute yourself whenever
you're ready.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you so much. Can you hear
me?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thanks. Um, so Elan, um, are you
able to share any KPIs with us in terms
of, uh, the robo taxi business? um how
many vehicles are you operating uh miles
driven autonomously or the number of
safety critical intervention? Um just
curious you know how the roll out is it
generally is going in and any sort of
like targets that you could share uh
more broadly.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Do you want to
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have uh you know more than
7,000 miles operating in uh Austin area.
It's uh you know just because service is
new we have um handful of vehicles uh
right now but then we are trying to
expand the service uh in terms of both
the area and also the number of vehicles
both in Austin and other locations. Uh
so far you know the uh there's like no
notable seafritical incidents there. You
know sometimes we have our own u
restrictions as to for example we
restrict our speed limit to 40 m per
hour roads um and when the vehicle wants
to go on like higher speed roads we can
stop the vehicle but those are out of
convenience opposed to uh safety
critical nature. Um so for the service
has been really well received uh and we
continue to expand on it.
Great. And then
&gt;&gt; yeah, longer term, from an economics
point of view, longer term, you've
previously talked about working to drive
down the cost per mile on robo taxis,
maybe towards 30 or 40 cents per mile
over time. Uh, now that your service is
live, how should we think about the main
milestones to getting there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, the the the cyber cab is
which is really
optimized for autonomy. Um
that that I think is got uh it's
probably sub 30 cent per mile potential
over time, maybe 25.
Um, you know, it's it's really
you like if you design a car from
scratch to to be um a
costoptimized
robotic taxi like Cybercap,
um, you know, you're like, for example,
we're not trying to make it, you know,
corner like a like incredibly well like
a Model 3 would, you know, or Model S or
even Model Y. like it's got Mar,
you know, model all all of our all of
our cars that are driven by people are
super fun to drive. They've got
incredible acceleration. Uh, you know,
the incredible cornering capability. Um,
but I don't we we're confident that very
few people in a cyber cap want to be
huddling around. Um, so, you know, so we
we've reduced the the top end speed,
which means we can use more efficient
tires.
uh we don't need as much acceleration.
We don't need as much um you know fake
brakes to sort of want stopping
distance, but we we're not expecting it
to be heavily used. It's it's a gentle
ride essentially if you you design it
for a gentle ride and and then you
uh you have a a much more optimiz
optimized design point. Um so that
that's why it seems probably we could
achieve that especially if optim Optimus
is you know serving
you cleaning up the car and doing
maintenance and stuff. Um
and um you you know doing auto automatic
charging. Uh so I think it's going to
the actual cost per mile of cyber cap
will be be very low.
The cost per mile of our existing fleet
will be higher but still very
competitive.
So
you know maybe some number of 50 cents
in just scarcity.
Um
yeah so so this really uh Taylor's road
taxi will go from tiny to gigantic in
terms of operations
um in pretty short period of time. Like
my guess is there's it has a material
impact on our financials around the end
of next year.
Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question comes from Adam at Morgan
Stanley. Adam, please unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Uh great. Hello everybody. U so Elon, as
Tesla moves into this next phase of
physical AI, autonomous humanoids, robo
taxes, etc. world changing
civilizational species changing
technology with dual purpose. Are you
comfortable moving Tesla in this
direction while only having a 13% stake
in the economy, sorry, in the company?
Is that sustainable? Or does do you
still insist that something needs to
happen given, you know, your current
lack of control and the types of
technologies you're getting into?
Yeah, that that that is a a major
concern for me as I've mentioned in the
past and I hope that is addressed at the
upcoming shareholders meeting. Um but uh
yeah, it is a big deal like you know I
want to find I've got like so little
control that I can easily be ousted by
activist shareholders after having
bolted you know these this army of
humanoid robots. Um, I think that as
I've mentioned before, I think my
control over Tesla should be it enough
to ensure that it goes in a good
direction, but not so much control that
I can't be thrown out if I go crazy.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Elon, D, you're not going to go
crazy. We we we trust you. Um,
&gt;&gt; well, you can stay a little crazy. A
little crazy is okay. Uh Elon though um
we understand the the board of directors
of a major US investment bank recently
tooured optimist production. That's I
don't know if you want to confirm that
or not. It's just what we heard. That's
cool. Um but when do you think others
will be able to get a firsthand view of
uh optimists like that? Uh, and is the
second half of this year too soon to
have an AI day? Because it seems like
everybody else in the world's doing it
and this talent war is getting freaking
crazy. And um I I know I know you've
mentioned for recruiting purposes. Uh
this is a very important thing that
you've done. I think people have have
you have have copied you on this and I'm
wondering if this is if this year's too
early for that. Thanks Elen.
Yeah, it's a bit of a tough thing
because like when we're doing AI day, we
find that some of our competitors have
literally done a frame by frame
examination of our slides and everything
we say and then copy us. Um, so you
know, I say like how what's the
trade-off? We it does help with
recruiting, but then competitors look
very closely and copy us. Um,
I mean that said, we should probably I
mean I guess we could consider the
shareholder
meeting to be sort of an we can do we
can maybe go into depth some some amount
of depth at the annual shareholder
meeting um with respect to Optimus and
AI and um sort of our chip chip stuff
perhaps Um
yeah, uh Tesla is also really underrated
in terms of AI chip design, um as well
as AI software. Um
so like there's still not a chip that we
would that that exists that we would
prefer to put in our car that is an any
chip that that we would prefer to put in
the car over our own. And even though
it's been now out for several years, um,
and we're confident that the AI chip
will be
a profound game changer.
In fact, it it's so it's so powerful
that we'll have to nerf it for to some
degree for markets outside of the US
because it it blows way past the export
restrictions. So unless export
restrictions change, we actually will
have to nerf our AI5 ship, which is kind
of weird. Hopefully those hopefully we
keep, you know, raising the bar on
export restrictions, otherwise it gets a
bit silly. Um,
but we'll have a bunch of Optimus robots
on stage uh at the shareholder meeting.
Um, the Optimus lab is cool to see. It
looks like it basically looks like the
set of Westworld.
Um, you could robots in various stages.
Some of them, you know, in various
stages of repair like I don't know some
some combination of like the tattooing
junkyard and the and Westworld is what
it looks like. It's very cool.
And Optimus is walking around the office
here in Palo Alto. So just 24/7 is just
walking around like small
and we so optimist like you know the
Tesla diner serving popcorn.
Yeah. So it's we'll go from a world
where robots are rare to where they're
so common that you don't even look up.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you so much. Uh the next
question comes from Edison at Deutsche
Bank.
Please unmute yourself.
Edison, please go ahead and unmute
yourself.
Right. While Edison figures that out, we
will go to the next question, which is
going to come from Dan Levi at uh
Barclays. Um Dan, please go ahead and
unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh thank you. Uh Yan, you've
talked about the opportunity to put uh
non-Teslaowned vehicles into the robo
taxi network. Just talk about the gating
factors to enabling that and what
timeline we should expect on personally
owned vehicles in the robo taxi network.
&gt;&gt; Uh I we haven't really thought hard
about that. Um like we need to make sure
it works when the vehicles are fully
under our control. Um and uh yeah, it's
kind of one step at a time here. We
don't want to jump the gun. Um as I
said, we're being paranoid about safety.
So
um
so it's like but I I I guess uh
I guess it like next year is I'd say
confidently next year. I'm not sure when
next year, but confidently next year
people would be able to add or subtract
their car to the Tesla fleet.
&gt;&gt; I mean, one thing to keep in mind is
that we will have some criteria because
like even when you put your car in a
Uber or lift fleet, they go through a
whole checklist process of making sure
things are working.
&gt;&gt; It's like an Airbnb or Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we will do something like that
&gt;&gt; kind of process.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
because we want like Elon said we are we
want to be parallel about security I
mean assets small things like tread on
the tire can have an impact on safety so
that's why we would want to do some
proper validation before we let other
cars come in
&gt;&gt; Dan you have a follow-up
&gt;&gt; yes thank you um could you just unpack
the different costs associated with
scaling the robo taxi business and how
you think about funding those costs. Are
the cash flows in the auto business
sufficient to fund it? And if not, what
other funding sources do you think you'd
use? You know, would you just fund it
off the balance sheet?
Great.
Well, as soon as there is a clear cash
flow stream associated with any any
product, uh you can debinance it
&gt;&gt; and in the interim
&gt;&gt; I mean in the interim like we will use
our balance sheet but like once we get
to a certain scale in terms of recurring
revenues like Elon said we could get
into a easily a kind of transaction to
try and get funding.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh thanks so much and we will now
move on to Mark um from Goldman Sachs.
Uh Mark, please uh feel free to unmute
yourself.
&gt;&gt; Uh yes, uh good afternoon. Thank you
very much for taking the questions. With
the FSD trials that Tesla has been
offering to consumers and the attention
on self-driving more generally, are you
able to comment more specifically on
what you're seeing with FSD subscription
trends and take rates uh and help us
better understand how large FSD revenue
may be currently.
So we've definitely like I I mentioned
it my in my opening remarks uh since
we've launched version 12 of FSD in
North America we've definitely seen a
marked improvement in the f FSD adaption
and the other thing which we had also
done last year is we did bring down the
pricing and we've made uh subscription
much more affordable so we have seen uh
you know 45% increase since that time.
So, which is an encouraging trend. But
honestly, we we've just started the
story around explaining the benefits of
FSD. We like I said before, we released
our vehicle safety report. Even if you
don't believe in this uh anything else,
a car on FSD being 10x safer should be a
motivator. Plus, the other thing is
people don't realize even at $99 a
month. It's like you're getting a
personal show for for almost $3.33 a
day. And this is by far the biggest game
changer, which I know we've been talking
about it because part of it is we live
and breathe it, but
&gt;&gt; I feel most people still don't know.
Yeah. But the vast majority of people
don't know it exists and it's still like
half of Tesla owners who could use it
haven't tried it even once. They don't
actually realize. Obviously, this is
something we want to educate them on.
So, we've got to, you know, when they
come in for service, uh, we'll reach out
to them, send them like videos of how to
make it work. Um, and, uh, most it's so
it's such a shocking thing. They don't
they don't think a car is capable of
this. So, you have to you have to show
them and and and get them comfortable
with turning it on and off. It's so
trivial, but it's you know, it's like
saying you've got a a cat that can sing
a dance, but it just looks like a normal
cat and you're like, you know, until you
see the cat sing a dance and talk,
you're like, you assume it's just a cat.
&gt;&gt; That's that's Tesla FD. Yes,
&gt;&gt; our car is intelligent.
And so what we're going to do to Elon's
point like we've been giving people free
time to try and try FSD but we'll start
giving more prompts to say okay this
particular drive try FSD so that I mean
because it's literally seeing is
believing like Elon said it's think of
it like a cat it looks like a normal cat
but this cat can sing in ants. Yeah.
Same thing on that.
&gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. And that 25% comment was
25% increase in the penetration rate
since we've seen the release of of B12
and B13 hit in North America. Great.
Thank you. Uh Mark, did you have a
follow-up question?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks Travis. Uh Tesla has
historically said it would use pricing
as one tool to help drive auto vehicle
growth as long as free cash flow stayed
positive given the ability to monetize
products like FSD. I'm curious how
you're thinking about pricing from here
as a potential tool to drive increased
volumes uh given where you stand with
FSD as well as the fact that the IRA
purchase tax credits are poised to go
away in the US starting in the fourth
quarter. Uh so so should we expect more
meaningful price reductions given that
monetization potential or do you
envision price reductions being more
limited uh compared to cost downs given
where free cash flow now stands? Thanks.
Well, we're we're in this like weird
transition period um where we will lose
a lot of incentives in the US. A lot of
incentives actually in many other parts
of the world um but we'll lose them in
the US. Um and uh but we'll still at the
relative early stages of autonomy. Um
on the other hand, autonomy is most
advanced and most available from a
regulatory standpoint in the US. So, uh,
I mean, does that mean like we could
have a few rough quarters? Yeah, we
probably could have a few rough
quarters. Um, I'm not saying we will,
but we could. um Q, you know, Q4, Q1,
maybe Q2, but once you get to autonomy
at scale in the second half of half of
next year, certainly by the end of next
year, I think the I would be surprised
if if Tesla's economics um are not uh
very compelling.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next question is going to
come from uh Will from Truist. Uh Will,
please uh feel free to unmute yourself
when you're ready.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thanks so much for taking my
questions. Um uh first um I'd like to
ask for a little bit more detail about
the lower cost model that you talked
about having I think started uh
production in the first half but you
said we'll ramp later. At the last
analyst days as I recall uh you talked
about some aspects of this like two
twothirds or threequarters reduction in
silk and carbide and not using rare
earths in the um in the motor and
perhaps other cost downs. You also had
this unboxed architecture that I think
you said would not be part of this sort
of interim uh approach. Can you update
us on what we should expect this thing
to actually look like?
Well, we won't get into the looks
because a model white
lift the cat out of the bag there.
Dancing cat that can sing and dance. But
he can he can talk and sing and dance
though. That's the cool part.
&gt;&gt; Um uh yeah, I mean the the the
fundamentally the biggest obstacle
remains that people just don't have some
people don't the the desire to buy the
car is very high. Just people don't have
enough money in in their bank account to
buy it. Literally that is the issue. not
not a lack of desire but a lack of
ability. So the more affordable we can
make the car the better. Um, I think
it's it's going to be it will be a very
big deal when people can uh release
their car to the fleet and have it earn
money for them, which I like I said, I'm
think I feel confident in saying that'll
happen next year in the US at least. And
in in the US where we're where legally
allowed, you know, appropriate
disclaimers. Um,
and uh, and that'll make the
affordability dramatically greater.
Just like, you know, you could you if
you have an Airbnb and and you can rent
out your your home when you're not there
or rent out a a guest room or guest
house or something like that, your the
affordability of your home is much
greater.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, trying another uh another
topic then. Can you know we we see all
these wonderful developments at XAI like
Grock and um you know obviously Tesla's
trying to do quite a bit in AI. Elon,
how do you manage the division of
efforts and recruiting and talent and
capital um between these two that that
seem like there's a very high potential
that they could in fact compete?
Well, well, they are doing different
things here. Um, so
um,
you know, the
XI is doing like, you know, terabyte
scale,
uh, models
and multi-terab scale models. Um, you
know, Tesla's 100 times smaller models.
So one's real world AI and one's kind of
uh I guess uh artificial super
intelligence type thing. Um the I mean
really kind of the the genesis for XIO
was that there there were certain people
who simply would not join Tesla AI
engineers because they wanted to work on
ASI. They would join Tesla. Um and I was
like well maybe they'll join a new
company. Um
and uh now I think the Tesla problem is
extremely important but not everyone
agrees with me on that and so rather
than have them join you know OpenAI or
Google or whatever some other company
it's like as well have them
create a company in that regard which is
like which AAI
um
so that's uh you know um and and you
know people can make it make a decision
Do they want to work on
like super intelligence at data center
or real world AI kind of they're both
compelling problems but some people want
to work on one and some want to work on
the other. Um
yeah
great and uh unfortunately uh that is
all the time we have today. Uh thank you
everyone so much for your questions and
we will see you next quarter.
[Music]
Hey,
&gt;&gt; hey.
[Music]