Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       If Elon does THIS, Tesla goes to $20 Trillion
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hZUe3bxTsc
Published:   2025-11-20 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To make $400 billion in earnings,
effective earnings, you'd have to make
as much as Apple, Microsoft, and Google
combined in a single year. All right?
Anyone that thinks that this is some
walk in the park to put money in Elon's
pocket is insanely misinformed. To earn
the so-called trillion dollars is
probably one of the hardest thing ever
done in business ever. To me it is like
stuffing the entire industrial
revolution
in one enterprise, one company, Tesla.
And we are partaking in watching how the
sausage is made. We're not just sitting
down in a restaurant eating like every
other company. You know, Apple never
really tells you much about how the
sausage is made. We're in the kitchen
and we're watching it happen. I've got
the world's best product. Insatiable
demand. I can't make a tenth of that
demand. I mean, that's a high quality
problem, but it's also a failure. You
know, never bet against Elon because
he's pretty likely gonna do it. And then
we're going to watch some crazy scale
out things happening. I I can't even get
through the day without my head
exploding thinking about all this stuff,
let alone having to juggle it from a
planning and execution cycle.
Well, we've got an exciting show for you
today. I've got Phil Bisel with me and
we are going to be talking about the
insane boss battle ahead for Elon Musk
and his compensation package and a truly
mind-boggling just amount of effort and
achievement that will have to go into
him reaching that final trunch and uh so
yeah like let's get right into it Phil
so one of the things that Elon Musk
needs to accomplish lish is an EBITD dah
of $400
billion
and take it from there like what what is
$400 billion equate to?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What does that mean
&gt;&gt; in terms of earnings power of current
companies that people can kind of
compare?
&gt;&gt; It is literally insane. Um, so to make
$400
billion in earnings, effective earnings,
uh, in four consecutive quarters, which
is the requirement, you could think of
it as annualized earnings for a given
company, you'd have to make as much as
Apple, Microsoft, and Google combined in
a single year.
All right? So Tesla is nowhere near that
today. I don't know what its earnings
are uh sub 15.
So um
that's an extremely tall to tall order.
The the the top dog here so far in
earnings was on the tail end of COVID
with uh the Ramco selling oil at $238
billion in earnings. So, think about
this then. That's why we call it the
final boss. It's it requires Musk to
achieve
$400 billion in four consecutive
quarters. Um, by the way, just for
reference, Nvidia in 24 was 34 billion.
So,
I wrote this post about it. Um, must
comment on it. Do you have that one?
&gt;&gt; I do. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he said, "It sure is a tall order.
Anyone can buy Tesla stock right now and
come along for the ride.
There will inevitably be some bumps
along the way, but it's truly immense
amount of work. I think these goals can
be accomplished. With immen amount of
work, these goals can be accomplished.
And after 23 million hits, I think the I
think the desire to hear must comment on
this was really very very high because
uh you know of all the things that if
you look at that um you know some people
who made of course there was so many
negative comments on the on the whole
comp plan through you know so much noise
in the system but uh some people say oh
these things are easy to achieve. Um,
when I looked at that number and I
looked at and I clearly that Musk would
want to accomplish that. And I mean the
good news for everybody listening that
owns Tesla stock that if if he were to
accomplish $400 billion in earnings,
we're talking about a 30 to 50 multiple.
That stock is, you know, market cap wise
12 to 20 plus trillion dollars. It's not
going to be just $8.5 trillion and we're
done. um as per the plan the other the
other components but um the immense
amount of things that he has to do. I
wrote a post on this and I said to me it
is like stuffing the entire industrial
revolution
in one enterprise, one company Tesla of
the things that have to be done and the
two products I mean you know it first
off it requires
requires a great product hitting an
unbelievable TAM big market at the right
time. You know it really and and lucky
for for us Tesla has two products in the
mix robo taxi and Optimus most of the
value will be ultimately in Optimus but
um and these are all
based on Tesla's core strengths uh in
particular its autonomy AI and uh so
that's that's the good news the the
difficult part of this is everything
else it
extraordinary to think about what Musk
will have to do
to
move things around, move levers, invest
capital
uh to build these products at scale that
that the market will probably eat up and
desire.
knocking down bottlenecks of so many
varieties that are so hard in so many
different places all simultaneously in
order to achieve like it would be a
symphony of business perfection.
&gt;&gt; Yes. To think that it's funny how you
see people out there it's like oh um you
know I mean obviously the silly critics
are oh you was paid a trillion dollars
or something that's obviously nuts but
the to earn the so-called trillion
dollars is not some walk in the park. In
fact, it's probably one of, if not the
hardest thing ever done in business
ever. Um, it will require everything to
operate pre-planned and perfection.
Immense amount of capital. You know, a
couple months ago, or at least about two
months ago, I was talking on X and I
said that Musk would have to create a
fab and everybody told me I was stupid.
And and
the reason I was thinking about is this
is around the announcement when said uh
we're going to do this exclusive deal
with Samsung to build the AI6 chip.
And I started thinking about that. I was
like, well, wait a minute, that from a
production capacity, that's not going to
come anywhere near what's ultimately
required. Two chips per product. you
know, two chips in every autonomous
vehicle, likely two chips,
these are the AI inference chips uh in
Optimus
and he's, you know, if he if he soaks up
all the capacity by Taiwan, semi,
Samsung,
uh in these higherend AI chips, he he
still can't
he will not have enough to build for the
demand of these products. And that
doesn't even factor in the number of
those inference chips that they're going
to want to include in the training loop
for both FSD and for Optimus, which
would be a very large number as well.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Um what what Hans is speaking
about here is that a lot of training is
moving towards reinforcement learning
and reinforcement learning is inference
within a training cycle. So it's
effectively,
you know, of of the 100,000 plus GPUs
that sit around Cortex, there's about 40
or 50,000
uh hardware for boards sitting there
running running inference at the, you
know, with the same the same stack, if
you will, that the car does because it
is exactly the same uh software stack to
do reinforcement learning training and
and and other types of generative stuff
for simulation and so forth. But um and
then of course Musk has talked about
doing inference in space or or at least
compute in space, whatever you want, you
know, we'll call it data center in space
for lack of
&gt;&gt; at an absolutely insane scale.
&gt;&gt; An insane scale. Um
yeah I mean yeah like so there's no
doubt that he has and and when he speaks
about fab he called it the terra fab and
you know he's talking about require
production that is you know I mean I did
some compute on this and I felt that
the size of the facility alone would
make um the gigafactory in Texas look
small to build optimist at at a 100
million
run rate, you're going to need about 10x
the floor space that you need for
um the what you have for Gigafactory
in um in Texas, which is already 10
million square feet, the largest
automotive plant in the world.
So, these are not
I mean, my mind explodes thinking about
them. I mean, he's got to deal with them
day in and day out, though. And every
bit of the planning for this has to
start tomorrow. You know, he can't he
can't get himself pinched in. So, oh, I
have the I built the world's best
I've got the world's best product,
insatiable demand. I can't make a tenth
of that demand. I mean, that's a high
quality problem, but it's also a
failure.
Um, imagine if Apple said, "Uh, hey,
we've just put out this iPhone 17. can't
wait to sell it to you for Christmas.
Oh, only one out one out of 10 of you
will get one. You know, he can't find
himself there. Uh and yet his problem is
much bigger than iPhone
manufacturing supply chain
uh by a couple maybe not an order of
magnitude but by a couple factors for
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you've got to coordinate
all of the, you know, there there is no
existing supply chain right now for the
actuators for Optimus. There's a lot of
the actuators that are fine. Um, you
know, especially, it looks like they're
using pretty traditional rotary designs
for a lot of the big things, the hips
and um things like that. But the hands
we still the the actuators
that have a combination of the power
density necessary to do all the things
that hands do, the sensitivity to do it
as dextrously as human hands do it and
then to do all those things reliably
like thousands and thousands and
thousands of failure-free cycles like
that that actuator doesn't exist at all
anywhere. And so you've got to first be
able to create the prototype of that
thing
&gt;&gt; and then once you then then the hard
part starts then you have to build the
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; supply chain for that thing. Um so
there's that that's one of the big
challenges. Then you've got batteries
that you know we're going to be
consuming a lot more batteries in this
future of autonomous vehicles and
robots. And so now we've got to
massively scale up battery production
compared to where we're at today. And
apparently in his mind those challenges
which I think are you know pretty much
insurmountable for anyone besides Elon
those are the small challenges.
&gt;&gt; He still thinks the chips are the bigger
challenge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's um anyone that thinks that
this is some walk in the park to you
know put money in Elon's pocket is
insanely misinformed.
I mean like
beyond insanely misinformed. It's so
silly to even think that way. beyond the
motivation alone you know the
questioning it's just um it this
requires execution at
his amount of dedicated exec and
remember he also happens to effectively
run SpaceX and XAI and he's got a few
other little companies running around
there too and he's you know so um and
and and what's what's interesting about
all of this is that
and Elon posted this it's so obvious to
everyone but he's kind of said, "It
looks like there's a surprising amount
of convergence starting to occur across
my companies." Um,
and and you know, that's that's tricky
in so so many ways, but but SpaceX as a
partner for Tesla,
you know, they just go hand in hand. I
mean uh chips provided to SpaceX for a
data center in space. Um Optimus bots
for eventual moon or Mars deployment. Um
uh you know Starlink
both at the cellular level and the
native comms level for every vehicle and
Optimus. I guarantee every Optimus will
be talking to a central cloud through
Starlink.
Guarantee it. Not even a question in my
mind. Every single one will be online
247
with uh probably Starlink cellular and
of course, you know, local Wi-Fi.
Anyway, these things are extraordinary
to think that that he has to pull these
things together and uh and and plan.
The hardest part is planning in advance
to make sure you don't get pinched.
Um especially, you know, it's one thing
if you're planning at some nominal
scale, but we're talking about planning
and and you know, of course he
question is how do you how do you get
ahead of this without spending literally
hundreds of billions of dollars? I mean,
I don't know. I think there's maybe shy
of $50 billion on Tesla's balance sheet
and cash sitting around. That is not
going to look like a lot of money.
People are talking about, oh, you know,
he's got so much cash, he should have
done buybacks. I'm thinking he was
husbanding that money for um uh we
wouldn't call it a rainy day, we'll call
it every day going forward.
So, uh
yeah, I mean I can't even get through
the day without my head exploding
thinking about all this stuff, let alone
having to juggle it from a planning and
execution cycle. So, um the guy's worth
a trillion dollars for sure.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no doubt. Um yeah, I wanted to go to
that post that you mentioned. He said,
"My companies are surprisingly in some
ways
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, my companies are surprisingly
in some ways trending towards
convergence." And one of the things that
I go back to is he has been pounding the
table on, you know, trying to climb the
Cardartesev scale,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And if we're going to do that, that
means, you know, we've got to have we've
got to harvest a lot more of the sun's
energy. If we're going to harvest a lot
more of the sun's energy, that's
probably going to happen in space. And
what are you going to use that energy
for in space? It's probably going to be
a lot of compute. And so, as we, you
know, I think regardless of what the
timelines to AGI and artificial super
intelligence are, Elon is very convinced
that they're near and he is preparing
himself for the world where those events
occur. And yeah, I think that you know
the
impending
I guess excitement and nervousness and
you know potential like fear around what
all could happen when artificial super
intelligence arrives in the solar system
really pushes him to want to say okay
like we need to really start making
progress towards these Cardartesev level
one and Cardartesev level two type
goals.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; because that is
something that not only is possible but
almost necessary in in that world. And
so that's where I
&gt;&gt; came up with this post that says if
we're really going to start climbing the
Cardartesev scale, we need extremely
lowcost launch. We need energy, compute,
algorithms, robots, and high bandwidth
interfaces. And so regardless of what
structure
people want to try to get Elon to put
these companies together in like they're
push they're coming together with a a
coherent set of goals and objectives and
space. Yeah. And that includes all
SpaceX, Tesla, XAI and Neuralink.
&gt;&gt; They're exactly
&gt;&gt; even boring company but yeah
&gt;&gt; it's yeah on the kind of fringe but yes
we I understand what you meant. Um yeah,
I mean CERN did a great post on how you
might combine these companies today and
I urge people to take a look at that
&gt;&gt; and he was talking about you know how
you might stock swap and the
complexities of of doing this with when
there's a public company in the mix and
um but besides that what I my comment
was is that these companies are are are
already interoperating
and will continue to do like you don't
you don't get anything into space
without SpaceX. SpaceX is mass to space.
There is no other real there's nobody at
scale. Um and uh and so as just from
that principle alone and then what is
the thing that is is is is utilized
there which is basically most of the
satellite dep uh to space today or
Starlink deployments which is I think
running at I don't know half a million
or so new customers a month. It's kind
of crazy crazy. I think I'm right about
that.
&gt;&gt; And accelerating
&gt;&gt; and accelerating uh and and to me, you
know, the future of internet on planet
Earth is is Starlink. That's probably
how we'll we'll all start to remove uh
you know, there'd be no real reason to
spend the anybody to spend time on
anything that's terrestrial cable,
optical kind of stuff except for
backall. Uh it would be kind of a waste
of time and effort. I mean everything
will be wireless and certainly the major
carriers can be cut out of the loop.
There's no reason to I mean when you
have
&gt;&gt; when you have when you have
&gt;&gt; we need their bandwidth but other than
that
&gt;&gt; we need their bandwidth. Yeah. But I
mean if you if you deploy enough
satellites this is a big all these
problems are are huge scale problems but
the point is that that um it's if you
can step on the gas pedal you can deploy
it. That's the point, right? Like if you
can go from I think there's about 10,000
um Starlink satellites today roughly. I
think I'm about right. Um I think Mus
sort of total plan is like 40k. If you
could do 40k tomorrow on the V3
satellites, much higher bandwidth. Uh
that's that's that's a lot of bandwidth.
But then there'd be insatiable demand
because effectively, you know, what he's
doing there is he's he's uh effectively
replacing
I mean he's got there's a proprietary
protocol uh proprietary coms model which
the people are familiar with and they
buy the Starlink terminals and when we
talk about people adopting Starlink at
an unprecedented rate that's all those
those little um beam forming uh
terminals but he's but he's doing
cellular right and so when I think about
like say Optimus connecting it's it's
just really in a sense an off-the-shelf
5G chip that's in the car or Optimus
connected through Starlink. Same thing
with our phones, you know, um by I don't
know version 18 of iPhone or maybe 19,
probably 18, those things will be able
to connect to Starlink cellular,
you know. So, yeah, you know, uh there
there's there's a lot there to get that
to go. I mean that's an insane amount of
uh things that have I mean I I was gonna
say nothing to do with Tesla but it has
everything to do with Tesla. That's the
you know it's like uh inference or
training in space are probably
uh AI 6 AI7 AI 8 chips you know today
today where we are today is we have
vehicles deployed with what is formerly
known as hardware 4 currently known as
AI4. same thing just a different
nomenclature.
uh by
the end of 26
that'll be replaced with AI5
which is probably nearing end of design
and will start early fab you know couple
months I don't know I'm not really sure
what the time frame is but but Musk has
talked about uh that chip coming online
you know for actual vehicle
uh ultimately Optimus there therefore uh
probably end of like early 27 late 26
and uh and that chip alone you know that
chip is um is super interesting because
it's uh it's very much
you know people that know how to do
great software know that they want to
orient the hardware towards the software
and so that chip has the benefit of
being designed
with FSD and Optimus AI in mind, which
are effectively the same AI. Um,
and that's really amazing and it really
benefits
Tesla as a company, but you know, the
teams to be able to to have a chip to do
some of the, you know, like as that as
the software team
uh iterates through its design and
architecture, like as it moved from 13
to 14 of FSD,
uh it became quite clear that a lot of
the
some of the heavy lifting that was done
in soft in in software alone could be
moved on chip and so they did that when
Mus talked about 40x he was talking
about
this particular little algorithm called
softmax
and um and it was done in software it
was slow because it would be done on the
CPU not the GPU and he's the team has
moved that on silicon
So
they'll get a 40x performance increase.
And by the way, that's a power decrease,
too. Um, and uh, so so these chips today
are really designed or the AI5 chip at
least is heavily designed for these edge
device
uh, Optimus as well as as FSD.
Uh, and that would sound good enough,
but it's not close to where we need to
stop with these chips, right? So, what
what's in six and what's in seven? I'm
sure the road map
uh expands to include
more general use case
uh you know, in other words, using a lot
of integer math on the A5 chip. they
they've settled on
integer-based inference for FSD. They
think they get what they need out of
that. Uh they get fast fast fast pass
compute. It's easier to do integer
compute versus floating point. But you
know, you probably don't build like
Nvidia builds a kitchen sync chip,
right? Um Nvidia is amazing company.
They produce amazing amazing chips, but
those chips have to have a a lot of
structure on them. that is sort of a
kitchen sink like they don't know who
their customer is. I mean well they know
who their customer is but they don't
have an integrated team demanding a
certain thing. they have um you know
5,000 teams demanding lots of things and
so a certain number of those things make
it into silicon and other things are
held in the software couplet or whatever
but at the at the end of the day you
know they're they're building a
generalized infrastructure chip now what
Tesla has to do is as it leans into AI 6
AI 7 and 8 or whatever on the road app,
they're going to have to lean into more
of those generalized use cases unless
it's just for their own purp, you know,
purposed use. Uh so that's
&gt;&gt; but even for their own purpose use, you
know, algorithms are changing so rapidly
that I think some at least some
additional generality is going to be
&gt;&gt; highly highly beneficial.
&gt;&gt; Sure. I mean, this is not this is not a
chip that you couldn't pick up and do
something other than FSD on today. I'm
talking about AI5 in particular, but uh
you know, it's it's a beautiful
beautiful thing today to see that the
hardware team, chip design, hardware and
software are an integrated team. This
this is I I you know I can't emphasize
uh from my engineering background what a
beautiful thing that is right and we're
talking about down to the chip level.
We're not talking about just a hardware
team that
is expressing
hardware for software by
building their own boards and sourcing,
you know, the best chip for the job.
They're talking about going at the
silicon level, right? That's another
level.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. all the way down to the
transistors themselves, not just
individual.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's one it's one thing it's one
thing to go and consider and build,
you know, a beautiful ECU based on uh
board based on others chips, but then
you're left with picking the best and
you know, you're left with a lot of
things in that mix. Not only you're
trying to, you know, the software teams
often will demand this chip. We'd love
to have this chip, but then they can't
really source or or board that chip
because of who knows what constraints
like they can't build,
you know, then let's say you wanted uh
some Snapdragon chip from Qualcomm and
you wanted, you know, this and they say,
well, we can't do that. We, you know, we
can't run those number of units for you
and we're not going to support you at
the board level, board support level.
So, so having a silicon team co-resident
in the same company, I don't think
people realize how amazing that is and
what that the benefits that that uh that
brings to Tesla. It's quite it's quite
quite extraordinary.
&gt;&gt; That's one of the reasons why the
hardware 3 computer was, you know, such
a leap forward when they originally came
out with it compared to anything that
they could buy from Nvidia or anyone
else because they were using, you know,
other people's hardware before that.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. And um yeah, I mean that
integration all the way down to the the
silicon, but even though they already
had, you know, software and to Elon's
point, yeah, maybe they they did misspec
it somewhat,
&gt;&gt; but even not having, you know, perfect
foresight into the future and making the
thing that would fully, you know, do all
of the things that they wanted it to do
by the time they solved the software
challenges at a higher level, it still
was way, way, way, way better than than
anything else out there. And I think,
you know, they with the amount of
experience they have now, they're
making, I think, even higher quality
decisions moving forward. So,
&gt;&gt; I think yeah, I think they're um
think I think they've hit their stride
on what FSD is from an architectural
point of view and what software
what the software demands are. And
remember, when I say software demands, I
want to be kind of clear about this.
software team is doing more than just
kind of standing up a model and saying
go run you know like put this thing on
uh they're tuning the hell out of that
at a system level on FSD I would say you
know after you get a train model and
after you've uh validated it virtually
you know in in in in training runs in
the in the cloud um the data center and
you said, "Okay, this is a great model."
Now, you've got a whole host of things
that are required to get that thing to
run
at 36 hertz on the device in a
consistent clean way. Um, so the amount
of of, you know, like software teams got
a lot of work at Tesla. It's not just an
AI team and then they kind of, you know,
it's not like you cookie cut the AI and
just throw it out there and it it works.
you've got an enormous amount of work to
do at the sensor to it's kind of like
what I'll say the photon to control
uh cycles to understand exactly how that
stuff gets put on uh and you know how
how how it runs and and to optimize it
and to get it to run consistently uh at
the highest inference rate possible
takes extraordinary amount of effort.
you know, like very tedious work, by the
way, like really really tough stuff. Um,
and the point about that is that that
tedious work has great benefit because
they're essentially
effectively kind of counting the cycles
through the system. They're like where's
the data go? How does it flow through
memory? How's how does it load onto the
GPU? Where does it go? What are the what
does the inference cycle look like? at
the at the at the processor level, you
know, they're counting the cycles, if
you will. Uh they're they're counting
the memory fetches. They're doing all
that stuff. And so they're able to see
like what the
latencies are in the system, whether
they're computebound or IO bound, right?
It's like is it is it problem getting
the data or is it problem computing the
data? and they can run this through uh
you know and then they can say okay we
see what the silicon is doing for us and
we've reached the end of optimization
we've we've hit the limit on what we can
do to optimize this particular
AI schema I want to say it that way for
a second we'll we'll maybe define that
in a minute on on on this type of
architecture and then they can press
with the silicon team to say but if we
could
put this in silicon or we could have a
larger cache, you know, then we'd have
less memory fat from extra, you know,
external memory. Um, and we get better
performance in this particular way. And
they could characterize it at an
extremely granular kind of way, like a
way that that the decisions become clear
that if you're going to spend 2x the
amount of money on the chip for
high-speed
cache memory,
it's worth it or it's not worth it. And
you can make those tradeoffs because
because of this tight integration
between these teams. Uh without that
you're left with
effectively none of that. You know you
have to just
over buy from a software perspective.
You know, it's like, you know, the
efficiencies are translated not only
into a a system that runs well, but it's
also economic efficiencies at scale
because now you're able to build a chip
that does the work you want it to do the
way you want it to do that work and pay
the least amount of money for for that
for that benefit as opposed to
uh if you were to source a Nvidia chip
and turn two3 third of it off for FSD
because you didn't need well you you're
still spending money on the other
two/3s, right? So,
so this is this is this is good that
they're doing this. And then it it leans
forward as that the more
the more they you know FSD as a system
maybe we could talk about it this way.
Uh I you know in these articles I write
on FSD
the there's the last two were uh part
eight was about that FSD and Optimus are
the same AI. Uh and I and I believe
they're completely the same AI. We can
talk a bit about that.
The and then the last article was on you
know what does it mean to build a
reasoning system on top of this which is
the high demand from Optimus right our
expectations of what we would expect out
of optimist from a reasoning perspective
is is much higher than what we expect
out of FSD until we start to see those
things in FSD and then we realize oh we
want them there too. Um,
so what's what's kind of cool about this
from a Tesla perspective is you have one
AI team building one AI model that
serves the FSD product and the Optimus
product and that's uh, you know,
literally a beautiful thing, right? Uh,
and how are they similar? Well,
obviously the sensor inputs are are are
slightly different, but they they have a
they share an enormous amount of of the
same sensor data. They're vision- based
systems. Largely the input tokens to the
to the AI are largely largely uh vision
uh based, you know, photon uh digit
digitized recordings of of of uh pixels
essentially, you know. uh and you have
audio stream and then probably Optimus
adds the touch sensors for hands and so
forth as as a kind of different input
but they share kinematic inputs like the
IMU and GPS and um
that type of thing and then on the
output side well okay they're very
different but they're the same in the
sense that you know with FSD the outputs
are uh you know They could say somebody
smarter than me said it's two degrees of
freedom. In other words, uh the idea is
that the output on on FSD is really
steering angle and accelerator either
positive acceleration which means that
you're um you know actuating control on
the accelerator or negative acceleration
which means you're either regeneratively
braking or or using brake control,
right? Physical brake. So um on Optimus
you know you've got many many more
degrees of freedom 100 plus because
you've got the hands and elbow and the
shoulder just like us you know head to
torso rotation knee feet you know all
that type of thing and so those are
those are the outputs for for Optimus
but from a compute core from from the AI
side it's the same now what does it mean
to say it's the same well at first you
might say Well, they're they're both
neural networks. Yeah, but they're the
same architectural neural networks. Uh,
you know, a lot of people when they
think about FSD,
they they think of it as like, okay,
it's been described as an end toend
unified model. And it is, but that
doesn't mean that the interior of it is
um is uniform. It's modular and it's
just trained end to end. Yeah, there are
blocks that are attached together, but
it is fully attached.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. That's a way of thinking
about that. The blocks essentially the
interior of it is is largely a mixture
of experts architecture. And what that
means is that there are little blocks
inside there that are really good at
doing certain specific things. Now,
let's just take an example in FSD and
then we can we can walk it back to
Optimus. In FSD, you could say that
there is a block that's really good at
highway driving and there's another
block that's very very good at
navigating intersections. You know,
those are very, very different things,
right? I mean, we use we output the same
controls, but driving on a highway and
driving through an intersection are
completely different things. And now
with FSD, we see a new block in there,
which is uh a block that is capable of
navigating parking gates.
Okay. So in a mixture of expver
architecture typically what occurs here
is that
there's a waiting certain block is sort
of turned on and other blocks are turned
back or turned off in the process. So
some of these things you can think of as
quite simple. It's like well if you're
on the highway the highway block is
active but the intersection block is
completely dark right? The parking gate
block is completely dark. you're not at
a parking gate, but what if you're
approaching a parking gate and now the
parking gate is swapped in? What
effectively is going on here in kind of
software terms is you built yourself a
for for excuse me for things that are
sequence steps that are sequenced
through like um appearing at pulling up
to a parting gate waiting for the gate
to open proceeding. You're effectively
building a state machine, right? But the
cool thing is
there's no code linking these blocks.
There's no code. There's no algorithmic
code. It's all AI. And that's a like
that's a for many people that's a a bit
of a mind bender because um normally
what you do is you think of these things
as you say, well I I could see an AI
that did this thing and then an AI did
this thing and I would feed this thing
to that thing logically. Um and like
give me an example of um imagine that
you're talking to an AI like Grock and
you and you so you could think of it as
oh well there's this um speechto text AI
that occurs. So I talk to it and u and
then it outputs my speech tokens, you
know, in in terms of words, right? I
mean like like you know the words I
speak uh maybe some other stuff in there
but uh and then I forced that into the
LM component which then turns on it and
you know answers the question, right?
And then I've got a a texttospech
component because the thing talks back
to me. And I can think of these things
as logically like three boxes. You know,
now there's some issues about how you're
feeding the data through because the
thing doesn't wait for you to completely
finish. But
uh ignoring that, you can think of it as
kind of three blocks that are kind of
linked by code, right? But in FSD,
that's not like that. It's while it is
these modular blocks in the interior,
they are they're linked by a by an AI
pushing and and waiting the system to to
get these outcomes. Okay. Now, what's
interesting about it is if you if you
take what I said about uh FSD and you
start to think of like what's really
interesting is that 13 to 14 is a big
big switch. Okay,
13 was a sort of like clean driving but
no park to park, meaning none of those
last 500 foot use cases were really in
the in the stack at all. Right? So you
like the car would just come to a stop.
It wouldn't park in your driveway. It
had no, you know, it could never
navigate or did not navigate a parking
gate. It did none of those things. So
now as you've got these like last mile,
last 500 ft use cases on both ends and
people called it park the park. That's
that's fair, right? Um starts in a park
position, ends in a park position, but
but there's a lot that happens to get it
out of the park position or into the
park position that have nothing to do
with the entire uh you know 90% of the
use in the in the the road miles, right?
So when you start to think about 14,
you're like, well, wait a minute. What
did they do to make that work? Well,
they trained all these subcomponents
that do certain types of things. And
then like the like the gate one is my
favorite example because it's clean to
think about and and and they you know,
they say, "Okay, we have this gate
expert or this weight, we'll call it a
weight expert for lack of better, you
know, to keep it kind of horizontal."
and and now this thing is in the system
and now 13 to 14 you know like beyond
parameter size that's kind of the
smallest change to the model um they've
they've started to architect that
interior to do these managed states now
I've talked a lot about this but why
does it matter it matters for optimist
more well I shouldn't say more than FSD
if you think about it optimist optimist
is taking that to the 100x level, right?
Because its state management is much
more granular, right? So imagine you ask
I'm optimistic cook an omelet. Now it's
got to do things that I mean at at some
higher level it's got to gather stuff
from a pantry or refrigerator. It's got
to there's a the cooking task itself. Uh
even the cooking test, you know, it
might be like got to go in and melt the
butter and there's a bit of a weight
there just to get that to happen before
there's the skill or whatever you want
to call call it a skill or a block
related to cracking the eggs. Um
there's after I get this omelette done,
I have to plate it uh and then
potentially clean up afterwards, you
know. So um hopefully clean up
afterwards. So
that is like taking FSD
with its internal and kind of putting it
on steroids. It's like the next level.
But but here's the thing.
As the Tesla AI team started to invent
the AI for Optimus, it's helping to
inform how to build the AI for FSD. And
and by the way, that is why the FSD
in general uh sorry I should say the
autonomy stack
in a Tesla vehicle will always feel a
lot different than anybody else's
attempt at autonomy because everybody
else is attempting autonomy from the use
cases of just autonomy, vehicle
autonomy, road driving or even if
park to park even if they aspire to park
to park. They are focused on that
problem. They are not kind of dialed out
to the generalized principle of the
problem. And if because Optimus is in
the mix, it forces it's a forcing
function
for Tesla to somewhat generalize the
solution. Now, I would argue
in a pretty convincing way, at least to
myself, that that FSD is the big brother
in the room. It started this and FS and
Optimus is the little guy, the little
brother, you know, but Optimus, I think,
will start to have more of center
attention and have more influence on the
architectural design of FSD.
And what that means is that
FSD will exhibit much more lifelike
behavior or sentient behavior because,
you know, you would
&gt;&gt; they're just better at wrestling with
semantics. And
&gt;&gt; yeah, the the the Optimus, you know, our
uh if we buy the if we bought an Optimus
and we put it to use in our home, our
expectations of how from an
interactivity to use, our expectations
are very high, right? Very, very high.
Um,
if you're building that in as a
generalized thing and you're building
that into FSD, then all of a sudden
stuff that you can do with FSD
uh is is way beyond just simple vehicle
autonomy, right? you have a a system
that is is much more interactive and
expressive in terms of working with you
the effectively the passenger you know
um whether that's robo taxi or your own
owned vehicle with running FSD
you know suddenly you're not just at
some level the goal of FSD is to get you
out of the driver's seat and make you
completely a passive passenger, right?
But at another weird level, um, to
create an amazing experience,
you're also an active participant in
that experience. You, as a user, are
expressing a whole degree of preferences
and desires on how you want that driving
uh, behavior or parking behavior to to
to to occur, right? Uh, and this is this
is what I think like when I talked about
FSD reasoning, I was leaning in heavily
to this concept of of the interactivity
between the human and the car because we
view something as a much more
I don't know a higher degree of
intelligence or reasoning based system
the more we can interact and control the
outcomes of its interaction. action,
right? Um, and so with I mean to give an
example,
we should have an expectation with FSD
that when we approach a mall parking
lot, we can say, yeah, drop me off at
the main door. Uh, and then over time or
or or in the loop, you know, oh, I'd
rather go to door two after hours. It's
where the restaurants in the movie
theater are, you know, and then then and
then this is internalized in its
so-called memory or preference memory.
And it just does that the next time, you
know, oh, after hours door two is
probably where, you know, where Phil
wants to go. And and when I banished to
parking, you know, I could say, well,
use the free lot unless the weather is
inclement, then use the parking lot, you
know, the paid parking. Um, and the
thing starts to build up that kind of
that to to a human that's a reasoning
system.
So,
and so just to be clear, you know, when
you say that the Optimus
AI is the same as the FSD AI, it is, you
know, you're making an architectural
statement and that, you know, the
experts that live inside of the Optimus
are different. you know the individual
blocks are going to be different blocks.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; But yes, it is a it is a system that is
you know built up from the ground you
know from the sensor data to the
reasoning to the actions in the same you
know basic information flow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah I think that's a good
clarification. I'm talking about
architectural unification here. Same
architecture. I'm not talking about the
like it's not as if you could take the
FSD
uh AI you know 14 yeah and pop it into
Optimus. That's not what I'm talking
about. uh I'm talking about the overall
architecture of the thing and now now it
is up to the teams to train those
uh expert blocks and but in other words
how you chain skills together in a
cohesive way is the same in optimist as
it will be in FSD I should say FSD is
built the first version of that optimist
will mature it and then it will
systemically go across both systems as
kind of like the next, you know, so I'd
say version say 15 of FSD and version
you know one of Optimus will probably be
identical architecturally
um and then it'll be a matter of as you
say those blocks inside but how those
skills get chained together and
prioritized and operated it will be
largely the same thing. Um
and and then you know just how we
our interactivity will be the same. It's
very likely that Tesla will source um
kind of coming full circle in our
discussion. Tesla will source some
components from XAI to do uh
you know a much we'll call it a a a
medium-siz language model for the for
the car and maybe a larger one for
Optimus in the sense that you know we
have expectations of the car not to just
to be not just to listen to us and um
and and and and deal with driving
controls right we be we're expecting it
to interface to the driving stack. But
we also would expect, you know, kind of
like uh you might say uh you might say,
"How many minutes to the airport?" Oh,
47. Um is my plane delayed? Well, that's
now off stack, right? I mean, my plane
delayed is not a driving thing. It's
like it's got to go interrogate a
system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Your plane
&gt;&gt; tools.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Call out agentic kind of
things. Call call out of the system. Um,
you might say, "Well, what's the weather
at uh, you know, what's the weather in
Nashville?" Oh, it's it's it's snowing.
Okay. Okay. Maybe that's the reason my
plane is delayed, you know, into
Nashville or something. But, um, yeah.
So now you you know you're putting um
you're putting a higher degree of uh
interactivity
on that vehicle or that or that bot
where you expect it just to be able to
converse with with you in a kind of
normal way and and have access much like
you would expect like Grock on the phone
to to interact with you
&gt;&gt; except except in this case tightly
integrated to the vehicle control side,
right? and then expressive with its
preferences there too. So it can
remember things about um like you could
say to it uh
in my neck of the woods take take 280
instead of 101 to when I'm going to San
Francisco airport or uh well while I'm
on northbound 280 between Palo Alto and
you know San Francisco always stay below
79 miles an hour. Um, and then that
would remember that
&gt;&gt; and keep that, you know. And by the way,
&gt;&gt; when it remembers that, keeps your
preferences. It travels mostly with your
account, not the car.
&gt;&gt; So then your preferences through every
robo taxi. It's like it's like you got
the same awesome Uber driver in every
city you go to, right? It's the same
person. It's like your chauffeer. It's
like your personal chauffeur all of a
sudden materializes in Miami,
materializes in New York, materializes
in Seattle because it's really your
preference stack. It's that's associated
with your account that's being conferred
to the core.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was one of the parts of your
article uh that I really enjoyed because
it helped me to understand not just like
that's obviously the expectation that we
want our cars to get to. You know, I
wanted it to park in my garage the way
that I park in my garage. I want it to
do all these things, but I had
conceptually,
you know, thought, man, that could be
very difficult for like how do they
encode those preferences like into the
weights of the neural net. And then one
of the things that I realized from the
way that you had laid out the
architecture of the system with you know
the revelations that Ashok made at the
ICCV conference um that you know they
are having the ability to interact with
the model through language and so you
can basically just have a context
scratchpad just like you know if you use
any of these chat GPT tools or any of
these things like you can have your you
know your list of pre-made prompts
Or, you know, you can import a whole
bunch of context to them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can have a a context window
that's basically attached to your Tesla
account
&gt;&gt; and and it's very likely that they'll
normalize that to the actual
tokens that represent that instead of
doing that inference on the fly every
cycle. In other words, in other words,
what's you may start with a
languagebased set of preferences. it
will probably end up as a set of fixed
set tokens that represent that that can
be kind of translated once and and it
can even be down at the more like the
preference level meaning like um you
know for I'll give you an example like
imagine that uh you got five driving
modes right sloth chill standard
&gt;&gt; hurry
&gt;&gt; hurry and mad max okay to me those are
just boxes of each of them are boxes
probably of 15 different individual
preferences or individual types of
nuanced controls. For example, there
might be uh max speed relative to to to
the highway posted speed. There might be
um minimum offset to the vehicle in
front of you. There might be a um how
hard should the car come to a stop,
right? You know, soft or hard.
&gt;&gt; Uh there might be something that relates
to
&gt;&gt; gap size that you're willing to shoot in
between traffic. Exactly. Gap size, you
know, and and those things are then
bundled together as a as a package of
preferences that are then labeled
MadMax, labeled hurry. But imagine that
you devolve them back to those
fundamental preferences and you keep
them around for that for for how Hanza
or Phil wants to do, you know? So maybe
we both like Mad Max, but you launch
your offset to be different than me. Uh
and so I I think ultimately the way you
know as FSD gets smarter they will not
they will not express more preferences
in the UI. They'll just let us talk to
the thing and we'll be expressing these
preferences and some things it won't be
able to do and it will probably tell you
I don't have a way to to do that for
you. Um but other things it will then
say oh what he really means is that's
the offset distance. You know, like I
you imagine you said to it, "I'm not
comfortable getting that close to the
car in front of me."
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; I don't want to have to buy him dinner.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, exactly. So, so you're
expressing the same thing in two
different ways and the system can
translate that into one one preference.
And so so the point is about this is
that instead of this being encoded into
the neural network in some way other
than the logic of how it expresses
itself, it's really input through the
context window of the AI. It's it's like
the data runs through and they're going
to optimize that to a set of clean
tokens that do the thing. And some of
the things may be more complicated like
for example they may have to maintain a
set of
geo fences that have properties attached
to them. Like when I said before like um
uh like what if I said for example in
the city of San Jose never run a yellow
light.
Well that's a complex thing right? Why
why don't run a yellow light? because
you know that the lights change very
quickly in the city and they have a
bunch of uh red light cameras and you
know they're worried you know the
person's worried about that. So, so in
the city of San Jose, never, you know,
run a yellow. Um, or or just the
expectation of people crossing is
different than, you know, maybe in
another city. Um, so you're adding extra
safety, right? Well, now you've got this
kind of interesting thing. You know
what? Now you've got to manage a a
geoenced area and a preference layer on
top of the geoence. I mean, that's like,
okay, that's next level. But it's it's
almost like required to make the system
operate in a way that feels right to
you, right? So, um yeah. Yeah. I've
[snorts] long been watching for Tesla
to, you know, reveal what they're doing
for their own in-house mapping solution
because especially like we know that
they're doing that obviously for robo
taxi and, you know, eventually you have
to have that like if you really want
unsupervised FSD to work on consumer
vehicles, you know, anywhere in the
country, they have to have their own
version of Google Maps that's vastly
superior in data quality, you know,
up-to-datenness and probably includes
all sorts of features that are not
included in the Google Maps data. Um,
and so, yeah, they, you know, I know
that they're doing something there. They
just haven't been very
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, to to kind of
&gt;&gt; forthcoming,
&gt;&gt; to kind of peel that onion a little bit,
uh, here's what we're saying. U, I wrote
a post about this not too long ago. you
know, the the uh
the the FSD itself is getting so good
that it is now starting to expose map
problems,
&gt;&gt; you know, which is ironic if you think
about it, but but but it is where we're
at. And so, you know, just to be very
clear,
&gt;&gt; which means that FSD is a superior
product to Google Maps
&gt;&gt; performance-wise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's just it's just that
the so if you said this has quality A
and this has quality B you would say
that this thing is higher quality and
now it's exposing B because you know
it's maps is becoming the weak link
because you've seen you see maps like
say so what is how is maps working with
FSD map is it's another input it's it's
the routing input it is not um uh FSD is
making its
driving decisions, but it's guided by
kind of the the bigger picture of how
maps has informed it to to route.
&gt;&gt; Where are we going?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Where are we going? It doesn't
mean that it's going to follow it um by
the letter.
&gt;&gt; It's sort of like uh the suggested,
highly suggested route that's input
through the context window. So it's uh
the way the maps are like a puppet
master, you know, but in the case this
in this case, the puppet may express
some of its own moves. Um so what's not
happening is FSD isn't map matching.
It's not trying to to match its actions
to like like a Whimo to to the actual
map. It's just using the map as an input
to guide what street do I take? And then
when it gets to that intersection, it's
making its own decision about how it
traverses that intersection. But the
problem is if maps gives it incorrect or
bad data,
um you know it's it's it's that
lowquality data will affect its ability
as a system to appear intelligent to
you, right? because the the end user may
never make the distinction between maps
and FSD like I just did. Uh but they
expect the system to the to them it's
indistinguishable, right? Like it's a
driving thing. So it the maps thing and
the but they're totally separate
products, right? And one is just sort of
linked to the other. Um, and so FSD is
at the point where it's starting to
expose
uh the globe quality map data that's
there. And and that's a problem that,
you know, Tesla just has to tackle head
on. I think it's I think it's one of the
larger problems right now, frankly, with
FSD
uh robo taxi scale. I think it's one of
the largest problems. I don't think like
I think that
driving without incident I think is not
the problem here at all. Like I think
the the fact that they have these safety
riders still in Austin is is interesting
but not terribly required. I think it's
more about those people are able to
report more or less data about the
experience of the drive. Like we dropped
this guy off in the wrong spot. That's
not correct. We got to get that fixed.
we, you know, why is it doing that? Um,
there's nothing to do with the quality
of of the FSD product and the safety of
the FSD product. It's just about how is
the experience operating for the user
and and and frankly those people in
those gars are are a set of eyes on the
experience that there is no way that
Tesla could get that data from user
report. you know, user is never going to
give a nuanced report
like you might get from one of these
safety observers or observers whatever.
So, so I think that's you know I mean
what's happening with robo taxiing and
the reason we don't see it like pressing
the scale button in my opinion is it's
just largely a thing of they are
learning from the experience of actually
for the first time in their lives as a
company running a ride share platform.
you know, you just don't go from zero to
one on that. So, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I hadn't really thought about that
aspect of the I mean, I knew that they
were recording all sorts of data. Like a
lot of times, even when I first tested
the system uh back when it was launched,
you know, they would after
finishing a ride, that car would kind of
go offline for a little bit. And you
know presumably because that safety
rider was you know doing their
afteraction report on that ride
specifically.
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think you know that's been
even that process hands is probably
something that they started with uh well
how are we going to run this thing? Well
after every ride we're going to have
this guy report. Okay. Okay. Okay.
That's there's you know they they did
that for a week and then it they were
overwhelmed by interpretation of data
and they're like okay no now here's how
you're going to report. So the next
phase was you know or only report on
these things don't report on those
things because those things are a box of
problems that we're dealing with and we
don't need to hear that again uh because
those people are you know intricate
they're in the same company so they can
do that. Um whereas an end user could
never do that, right? Never like like an
end user is going to say don't um I'm
going to tell you about everything and
then you got to have somebody filter
that. So the the live filter uh in situ
live filter is the best way to do that
because that person can make an
interpretation of what the customer
feels like from an experience point of
view and what the car did from an
experience point of view. Um, but
they've had to mature that very process
itself, that process itself over time to
get more quality data to the engineering
team. You know, there's a if you think
about it, it's a it's like a big funnel.
You know, there's all this data that's
going into what is effectively
uh a small
actionable team, right? In other words,
uh uh while you may have data come in
and there's a triage and there's some
people that sit on that bubble of triage
and then that information gets tighter
to the core team eventually gets to the
core team. But here's the thing, I know
the DNA of how these companies operate.
Tesla has its best people right at the
fringe, too. Right? Right. In other
words, what I'm saying is um
when the data comes in to Tesla, some of
the most senior people are are looking
at it straight up. Okay? And that's a
beautiful thing, but it's also not
scalable thing. It's beautiful because
the problem gets right interpreted
correctly at the at the get-go.
Uh and it and then it gets to the proper
solution.
fast. However, it elongates time
effectively elongates time. It means
that things start to get stacked because
the core team is too small and the outer
ring team is not trained enough to uh
run interference
um for the core team. And Tesla's a
company that as an engineering driven
company, it doesn't build
its natural DNA is not to build a lot of
operational infrastructure
to its fault in this particular case
when I'm saying it or to its benefit
depending on how you look at it. It's
bit of a um a plus and minus type of
thing, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I um you know, just knowing how
Elon operates, I would be shocked if
Ashok has not actually been a safety
rider in now. They probably waited
until, you know, there's less
influencers around and people who might
notice who it was.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but yeah, his
&gt;&gt; those guys
&gt;&gt; love of putting people right, you know,
right at the problem spot. And if
Ashok's going to be on the receiving end
of all this data that all these safety
riders are doing, he probably needs some
seat time and understanding exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think when you say and when
you say if I know Elon, it's not that
Elon is just naturally commanding them.
He's already hired the right person for
the job that thinks the way he thinks.
So the whole team is oriented like like
I've seen some posts by different
engineers out there and and it's very
very clear that they are
uh very involved at the at at the at the
interception point of of data and
customer very involved um you know not
spending their entire day doing that
because if they're not back at the
office or not they're not solving a
problem but um but they're you know as
they're developing
Cyber cab. They're, you know, the the
manufacturing to
engineer. I mean, that those guys
developing FSD are in the factory
sometimes.
That's like for some people, they'd say,
"What the heck are they doing in the
factory? Uh they're looking at how the
cameras
&gt;&gt; FSD drives in the factory, so they
better
&gt;&gt; Well, that I mean, actually, it's a very
interesting sub point, but yeah, I mean,
it's a good point because they've made
it work there. uh and and they've had to
make it work there, right? because it's
a in fact it's sort of like a it's
&gt;&gt; I think that's actually the genesis of
the whole project
&gt;&gt; if
it's a bit it's a bit like how to test
robo taxi in a certain respect right
it's like um I need to think I mean it's
a bit about how to test last it's a bit
about how to do parkto park too right
this the whole stuff that's evolved in
14 uh we we know that that 14's been out
in the wild way before us customers got
it. Um, it's been on robo taxi. It's
it's uh, you know, I don't know what's
happening.
I believe any end of mile car right now
that's that's traversing from the
factory, sorry, I should say any car
that's leaving the factory on its own
autonomous two feet, so to speak, um, is
is definitely
a 14 stack. For sure. For sure. um you
know because it's it's doing a bunch of
nuance
parking you know it's finding a finding
a slot or it's being assigned to a slot.
So there's some there's some there's
some there's some logic there at the end
of that ride that's not just straight up
you know stop the ride.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the Yep. whatever they were
working on for that park to park was
probably born out of the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. or
&gt;&gt; the neural net that they had, you know,
driving it off the end of the line and
around to the delivery center there in
Austin and and those types of places.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's really fascinating to
think, but it all kind of all comes back
to, you know, development of one stack
and ultimately one stack and uh even
across the two products, you know, uh
whether the interiors are the same or
different from a, you know, the the
skills that are in there, so to speak,
or the blocks. Um, but yeah, I mean all
these little use cases that you see if
you
zoom out, you start to think about them,
you're like, well, heck, that robo taxi
does that really uh or my car is doing
that really? And you realize, okay,
that's just, you know, uh type of um
you know, it's like for example, like
how does it do the assigned parking spot
type of thing? Well, I don't know. I
don't know. You know, cuz like in other
words, what's happening is when these
cars uh I don't know what they called
it, staging a lot when they were staged
for eventual um transport. You know,
they're going to a lot.
&gt;&gt; I think they call them outbound lots.
&gt;&gt; Is that what they call them? Okay. Uh
you know, they're they're either parking
they're parking in sort of some assigned
version of parking. like I either like
these Model Y's go over here because
they're about to be transported to LA
and these go over here because they're
about to be transported to Seattle. Um
or something like that. There's some
logic involved in it. And and so the
cars have to know kind of where to go
and how do they know where to go and how
are they instructed? And that's some
kind of um map routing type of thing
that's coming into play that's at at
much more nuance level, you know, much
more precise level where they're where
they're where they're directing it. Uh
or some other similarity to that. But
whatever it is, it's very very likely
something that the best way to think
about this is whatever they develop
there is really a horizontally
applicable skill or component that would
be used in robo taxi or consumer FSD
&gt;&gt; for sure. So I have one more question
for you on, you know, all of the things
that we learned from Ashok that was not
necessarily as much in the article that
you read, but one of my takeaways that I
felt like is that Ashok was basically
saying that they've been able to
implement um Andre Karpathy famously
talked about having operation vacation
for labeling data for FSD back in the
day
&gt;&gt; and Um, it seems to me like where they
have gotten to now with the architecture
to train version 14 and moving forward
is basically operation vacation for the
full endtoend
training of FSD that has very minimal
human involvement and human interaction
necessary in order to identify you know
why why did FSD fail in this particular
scenario and we've got a whole like
software only pipeline to define exactly
what was the error in the situation and
then
&gt;&gt; you know generate a whole bunch of new
RL test cases run those rechain the
network you know test its performance
based on that type of thing and so
basically I think we we finally have the
full softwaredefined architecture that's
necessary to get us you know the last
few nines necessary
for FSD to be far safer than humans
basically all the time everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A good way of thinking about it is
the holy grail of this like the the end
point the place you want to get to is
that the cars naturally bring in data.
The the pipeline processes in such a way
that it trains the system automatically
hands off
um and just makes it better, right? it
it discovers errors and fixes the
problems automatically, selfheals or
whatever, retrains, whatever you want to
call it. Now, there's a lot of that
that's definitely not there. But where
you could see them going over the years,
and I would say years, is they've gone
to a place where in the beginning it was
really a perception side element to it.
wasn't the planning side and planning
side was still code based in version 11
and so forth and and
they were you know they're talking about
supervised learning that means that that
humans are in there labeling stop signs
and you know and and and as they've kind
of leaned forward they've gotten out of
like they auto label the data and
they're getting out of that place now
where where there's a human in the loop
Um but stack itself one of the things
that Ash talks about quite quite
expressively
is uh this concept of interoperability
and what he's saying is hey you know
what we've trained this thing to be
endto end now that's a very specific
thing in neural network speak and it
means that I don't want to say it too
technically but it means that you're
running
you run the gradient all the way back
through. In other words, you you you you
you run the back propagation through the
whole system as a whole. You don't train
it.
&gt;&gt; You do a lot of calculus like a lot a
lot of calculus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, but you but it's a consistent
the data runs back consistently to the
front, so to speak. The whole thing gets
trained together. Everybody Everybody
gets trained together, right? It's like
uh it's like imagine you had five little
minions who diff do different tasks, but
they all kind of learn,
you know, they're all part of the same
like when when when this little minion
is learning about how to do this part of
the cooking the omelet, the other one's
still observing. He's still sitting
around looking at it going, "Okay, okay,
okay." You know, um that's probably a
bad way of putting it, but it's somewhat
relevant, you know. Um and so but but
what but what he did was he was talking
about, okay, well, wait a minute. Here's
the problem with we if we do end to end
training we end with we end up with
something that's largely opaque like we
go okay the only thing we know is we put
this data in and this data and this
operation came out and that was wrong
damn it now how do we fix that what do
we do how do we debug the system how do
we debug the system and so they he talks
about this this this thing that they
built is that they output these
intermediate reasoning tokens okay and
he quantifies them
five different categories
and and while we could get into the
weeds on it, um the last category is a
fun one where he says, well, the system
has a mini language model built in. It
can expressively so you can then as an
engineer, you can go into the system and
you can say,
well, why did you do why did you take a
right turn on red?
Well, there was no,
you know, sign or there was the the law
says that I can but maybe there's a sign
there or maybe it's obscured or maybe,
you know, and so this so the the
engineer can look at it and go, well, he
wasn't supposed to take a right on red,
but the car did. Why did it do it? It
can ask the car. It can ask the car. Uh,
&gt;&gt; one of those intersections that it turns
right on red and it's not supposed to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not supposed to, right? And
and and so there's something wrong
there, right? and something that they
need to address and something and
something they will fix. But the point
is that that they now have this way of
doing this introspection where they can
they can debug the system by actually
asking it like why did you do that and
it can largely
tell the engineer what's going on. Now
the the cool part about that is when you
get to that level of of having the thing
that's why calls it interoperability is
when you get these reasoning tokens they
then they they become the the the the
basic inputs for higher level
uh interactivity with the car from the
from the consumer's point of view right
so now the consumer isn't asking it oh
well why did you do that but the
consumer may be saying I want you to do
this I want you to do that, right? And
and so and now the car can can express
the why of the things it does uh and
then can
be interactive with with the the
passenger in in the in the vehicle. So
this is and and and so
this is helping that they have developed
I guess a big zoom out on this. Okay. is
they have developed
a set of processes that we might call
the data pipeline to training that over
time they
chip away at the the
elements where there's still manual you
know operation and this manual like like
to your point it's like well how do I
tee up a reinfor enforcement
learning use like training cycle, right?
It's a pretty tricky thing to do with
hands-off, right? You you you like
you're like, "Okay, I want the car to do
this to this and I'm going to
um in the simulator, I'm going to inject
these variables and I'm going to create
these trajectory paths." But you can
imagine where so the so the car is
getting these rewards
the agent the it's not really a car it's
running in the cloud it's virtual but
it's getting rewards or penalties for
behavior that um let me give you an
example because it gets kind of weird
without one. Imagine that uh you're
trying to train it to avoid hitting a
instantaneously emerging pedestrian in
the road scene. What do I mean by that?
Like a guy jumps out from a hidden
behind a van into the road and you're
trying to train the system to avoid
hitting a pedestrian. Like job number
one, don't kill the pedestrian, right?
Like kind of big bright line. Okay. So
in reinforcement learning, what you do
is you say
you're going to get a huge penalty if
your trajectory keeps a constant
velocity and runs right over that
person, right? The system will penalize
you greatly. Um but then what you're
doing is you're asking the car to take
different trajectories
uh and see how you might avoid doing
that. Right? So, one type of thing when
I say trajectory a let's call it
actions. One thing would be, okay, I'm
going to I'm going to break super hard
and I have enough stopping distance and
so I'm going to break super hard to
avoid hitting the pedestrian. Okay,
pretty good thing. Pretty good thing.
But here's the problem. I'm going to be
getting some level of penalty because I
just got rear rear ended from the car
behind me, right? So, I didn't kill the
pedestrian, but I injured three people
across two cars. Maybe not at fatal
level, but you know, pretty bad. So, so
I'm going to assign some penalty to
that. Okay. Okay. What's another action?
Well, I could break the law uh and veer
into the lane, adjacent lane at a pretty
good, you know, uh clip.
Um, and oh, unfortunately, I might
sideswipe a car that's there,
but the penalty is pretty small for
that. Even though, oh, I don't really
want to hit another car. But what what
did I not do? I didn't in injure a human
in the in that situation, right? I I I
took two cars that are going essentially
the same speed and I I had them touch
and I got some minor body collision
damage on on the vehicles. So in a in a
reinforcement learning system, you want
to you you're you're going to say to the
to the system, okay, I want you to train
to minimize the the penalty or maximize
the award associated with that. And then
the system internalizes that. Well,
in some kind of rigorous fashion, you
you need to set up all these conditions
in that system, right? But what you can
do is you can say well if I have the
compute and this is inference compute
here right because what we're doing is
we're effectively running the stack in a
virtual car uh in part of the training
loop that's it's inference. Um
if I have the compute then I can run
thousands of actionable trajectories and
let the system kind of just work it work
it out on its own. Sometimes there's
adjacent lanes without vehicles.
Sometimes there's adjacent lanes with
vehicles passing. Sometimes there's no
vehicle behind me. Other times there's a
vehicle right behind me. Uh other times,
you know, blah blah blah. So, so
ultimately, uh the answer is that you
want to get to a place where the system
can self-heal or self-train. Uh I don't
know where they are on that on that
continuum, but that's ultimately uh what
you want it to do. Now, what you don't
really want it to do is, you know,
you're not a This is different than
saying that you want an individual car.
One of the things that's misunderstood
when when I talk about this or people
talk about this in general is, and today
many people think, hey, if I do this,
I'm training my car to do this. Never.
You're never training your car to
you think you're training it. Not until
we get the context thing that we were
talking about earlier where where your
preferences are encoded into some sort
of
&gt;&gt; and that's Yeah. And that's different
than training it specific like it's
never going
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tesla is never going to allow
uh a fleet of 8 million cars to be
trained differently by different
drivers. That's a nightmare for 1.7
billion reasons. Like it's an insane
nightmare of you can never figure out
what's going on with that. You can
inject, as you said, context into it.
So, you're training it by preference,
but you're not going to be driving the
car in a particular way and the car is
going to say, "Oh, I you know, oh, I
see." you know, he like for example, if
you're um right on no right on red
scenario, you could take the car
manually and do that a thousand times
and your car is not going to make a
better decision there in FSD mode until
they eventually get that data in the
system and they and they retrain the
whole you know like like the model and
you get the model like when you get that
model in that version that can be
different right so the difference
between 1414 and 1415 could could
identify and solve that problem, but
within 1414 that problem isn't going to
solve itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; exactly. So, yeah, maybe this is a good
place to wrap up the discussion for
today. I really really appreciate you
hanging out with us today, Phil, and
helping people to get a deeper and
richer understanding of where we're at
today. Uh, and the crazy complexities
and difficulties of where we're going.
Um, and yeah, just to circle back to
the, you know, if if Elon can execute on
these crazy ambitious goals that like we
said are extremely extremely difficult
and require a lot of dedication and hard
work. Um, but I think that's what
motivates El. He's like, "Oh, this is
this is gonna be hard again. Let's let's
go. Let's have fun."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He's got that in his DNA.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, that that's where we're going.
And um it it means that Tesla will
accomplish some crazy important things
for the world and that those of us who
are willing to stick with it um might
might just enjoy the ride a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean, the the thing about
Tesla and the thing that I think
unnerves a lot of people, right, and why
there's so much
I mean, outside of Elon
tweeting or any personality or politics
or any of that kind of stuff, you just
subtract all of that, you say, why does
the process
at Tesla sometimes annoy people or
unnerve people as maybe saying is
because it's an engineering ing forward
company. Its founder is an engineer and
we are
partaking in watching how the sausage is
made. We're not just sitting down in a
restaurant eating like every other
company. You know, Apple never really
tells you much about how the sausage is
made. We're in the kitchen and we're
watching it happen and we're watching,
you know, somebody drop the sausage on
the floor and rinse it off and throw it
in the pan. we're watching all that
stuff happen and um and uh or how it's
made, if you will. And and so so that's
unnerving for a lot of people. For
people like me, it's exciting. It's
interesting. I mean, that's I've been
doing those things all my life. So, but
I I I sometimes I have to step back and
realize this is not a clean it doesn't
have that clean marketing exposure, you
know, marketing veneer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not comfortable for normies.
&gt;&gt; It's not comfortable for a lot of
people. and and you know I mean the look
if you go and buy a Tesla in a Tesla
store all that kind of is out of but if
you're involved in the process you're on
X you're talking about it like you're
like oh my god what is Elon doing today
you know oh my god I I don't even know
how to how to how to digest that so yeah
&gt;&gt; well it's definitely exciting and uh
keeps us all on our toes and I feel like
yeah the last month or two specifically
has just been another one of those
paradigm changing times in the company
where the I mean there's a lot of things
that we've thought for a long time that
are
&gt;&gt; coming into clearer focus but at the
same time you know the I think his pay
package really does point a a new
direction for just how
&gt;&gt; grand the scope and the scale of the
ambitions are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's my takeaway. It's
not I mean Elon doesn't really care
about the money for God's sakes. This is
not what this is about. And people who
think that are just really misinformed.
It's mostly about the control to build.
Um you know, he wants he wants
unfettered control to build the thing
the way he wants. And I think he
believes he lent a very simple person
when you listen to him speak. It's he
does what he says he's going to do. It's
not that complicated. doesn't
necessarily do it on the timeline. He
says he's going to do it all the time,
but if he's concerned about something,
he tells you he's concerned about
something. That's kind of what he's
concerned about. And so all the stuff
that he was talking about, the pay
package, people, you come up with this
idea, oh, he's just saying that cuz he
wants 25% cuz he wants a lot of money.
What's he going to do with this money?
Well, okay, at best he's going to fund a
Mars mission. You know, he's not going
to go buy a yacht. So um it it's it's
interesting to see into the mind of him
because he and he's very transparent
about it frankly you know he's very
transparent but what what's happening is
as you said Hans this pay package is
exposing
the if you just look at for example
where we started full circle in this
conversation the $400 billion
exposes exposes
the amazing company, enterprise that has
to be built to support that type of of
of outcome. And um you know, never bet
against Elon because he's pretty likely
going to do it. And then we're going to
watch some crazy scale out things
happening. Uh and they're going to start
soon. They're going to start soon for
sure. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, it I mean is very reminiscent of
we're going to build a battery factory
in Nevada and that battery factory is
going to have an equivalent amount of
manufacturing capacity for lithium ion
batteries as the entire world makes
today. And people thought, well, you're
dumb and and get out of here
with your crazy Silicon Valley tech bro
talk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean it's always
been for for Elon has always been
it is vertical integration out of
necessity. That's something people need
to really understand like it's a very
vertically integrated company. It'll go
down to lithium mines if necessary but
only if necessary. And I think that's
the thing is that if you think about uh
during the during the uh the
shareholders
uh share shareholders meeting uh Herbert
asked a question right out of the gate
and he asked Elon how do you think
and
Elon had two answers. He was given a
little bit spoonfed too many examples.
So he didn't really get to the core of
it. But one was he thinks like when
problems are extremely far off he kind
of tries to estimate by orders of
magnitude. Right? Do I need can I do
this with a million? Do I can I do it at
the next order of magnitude? Can I you
know 10 million or is it 100 million?
Problem. Oh it fits right in the middle.
I need to build a factory for 10
million. Okay cool. Now what does it
take? Now he has to back that out and
try to figure out what does it take to
build a factory for 10 million. He might
be off by a couple million but he's not
off by an order of magnitude. So that's
one one thing he expressed as how he
thinks. The second thing was exactly
what we talked about. Um Tesla is not
necessary an expert in any particular
thing until we need to be an expert in a
particular thing and then we go and
tackle it and become an expert in a
particular thing.
&gt;&gt; Right? Uh and that leads to this idea of
vertical integration out of necessity.
He there's a point where he says in
order to get there I need to do it
myself. There's nobody that's going to
you know there is no supply chain for
actuators there or there is no uh there
I can't get enough chips out of uh
Taiwan Semi and Samsung combined. I need
to build a fab. These aren't things that
he wants to take on just
whimsically or because they're fun. I
think he would probably argue most days
I have my hands full. You know, I mean
like what was he saying? I I'm spinning
a lot of plates or something. He was
referring to the fact somebody was
asking him I might be mixing up the the
context here, but I think somebody was
asking him about doing something like
building a phone and he's like I kind of
am spinning a lot of plates right now.
you know, I mean, like he recognizes,
like he recognizes that his plate,
&gt;&gt; uh, not to double use the term here,
but, you know, his plate is full.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; but he's like, well, geez, if I have
this big vision and this big dream and I
know how to get there, it's an execution
thing, I have to start to go build these
things or I'm never going to get there.
Uh, and that's kind of the crux of of of
maybe part two of how he thinks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, does the phone
have any impact whatsoever on whether we
have a self-sustaining
civilization on Mars or a future of
sustainable abundance
or climb scale?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's probably better for him to
just
&gt;&gt; let that dog lie. You know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; So, can't do can't do everything.
&gt;&gt; 100% agreed. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is it is so fun. Um, love
getting to observe all of the, you know,
all of the events, all of the,
like you said, the way that he thinks
and
just the crazy time in history that
we're at too, that, you know, it is so
unlikely, it seems, on the one hand, to
have the some of the personalities that
we have that appear on the scene at
seemingly just the right time as we have
all these technologies that are
converging together and making so many
of these new technologies possible.
&gt;&gt; You know, just to comment on that
briefly is that I think
I think that's something that
I think a light bulb went off in Elon.
He's talked about this. So, it's not
like I'm even observing something that
isn't obvious.
He has started to see the emergence of
AI as something that for for years he
was worried about the path
it would form. And you know he's talked
about the most important thing is to
build a truthful AI and I think in his
mind the most important thing is to
build the best AI that's competitive
with other AIs because there is no other
there is no solution in his mind based
on influence alone right so Elon's you
know go to if you go into Elon's tool
chest
he's a creator so he solves problems
through the the making of things. So if
he's worried about something
like how AI will do something, he's best
oriented to fix it by doing by doing,
right? Um for example, you know, it's
interesting to watch his behavior with
the Doge thing that was, you know,
arguably difficult for him to do. But
did you notice what he did? He didn't
spend his days
politicking on Capitol Hill and and
bringing charts about deficits to people
and influencing people. Maybe it would
have been better idea if he had. But
what he did was he went to start he
didn't just by the way he didn't just
start asking a team to go through a
bunch of uh financials or systems and
look at money. He started to build an AI
to solve a problem. Like I can go solve
this problem. I get a bunch of smart
kids in a room and build an AI to
dissect the entire uh you know financial
and money flows of the US government.
Note how he solved the problem. It's not
something like when you saw or I saw or
maybe not you but certainly when I saw
him go into that I didn't think he was
going to solve the problem that way. I
didn't think he was but then I should
have known better. I should have known
better based on who he is. Uh his
solution to problems is I'm going to
create something to solve a problem. Uh
you know, and uh and that's kind of
sometimes that's where he falls short of
uh solving a problem more on a you say
it on a you know more political or
social
&gt;&gt; kind of construct because he doesn't
spend
&gt;&gt; he solves the information theory problem
of how it's operating. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but yeah,
&gt;&gt; but not the human Yeah, the political or
or human one. And you can see the same
thing right now emerging with
&gt;&gt; FSD, right? The idea is, well, I'm going
to get the thing 80 times better than a
human driver and then the data is just
going to fall into place. That it's
inescapable that the regulatory
frameworks and if I get a few wins
through the Whimo doors that have been
open for me, then the whole world's
going to collapse on me. He's probably
right. He's probably right. But guess
what he's not doing? You don't see him
spending Well, we don't see him
certainly, but I don't think he spends a
lot of time on it, frankly, politicking
about
uh the regulatory state of autonomous
driving. I think he just thinks it's
going to fall into place with an with a
better solution. And that's how
engineers always think. So,
&gt;&gt; hopefully he's right. Yeah, because it
is a big if.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's always a big if.
&gt;&gt; All right, Hans.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yep. Everyone enjoy this episode. Uh
hopefully we will see you again in the
not too distant future together and have
a great afternoon. Yep.