Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       This AI Company Will Make Millionaires In 2026
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXFA-Dcg-UY
Published:   2025-11-28 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And Lemonade truly has AI like deep in
their DNA as a company. They're trying
to unleash it on every aspect of their
business. Solving insurance in the age
of artificial intelligence using pure
software. Reunderwriting it from first
principles is a big hard hairy problem.
Lemonade feels a lot today like Tesla
felt like when I first invested in them.
&gt;&gt; So that that means that they're taking
more of the risk but also reaping more
of the rewards. But they're about to hit
this inflection point where they're
literally doing $5 in earnings per share
per quarter.
&gt;&gt; Their ability to gobble up market share
and just, you know, dramatically grow
profitability is insane. Did you save me
money? Okay, sweet. I I'm in.
&gt;&gt; And if that's true, that's almost all
you need to know. That's going to be the
most important thing in the insurance
market is is like pricing competitively
and keeping your customers happy, you
know, and doing so at at uh at good
margins. Um, to me, like Lemonade passes
that test with with flying colors. I I I
think companies in 2035 are going to
look a lot different from companies in
2025. And to me, Lemonade is a a very
good prototype of of what I think uh is
more likely than than not to to uh that
companies would look like.
So today we're going to be taking a
little bit of a right turn and talking
about a company that I've never actually
talked about on my channel and that is
Lemonade. And for this episode we have
Matt Smith with us. He is part of the
Rebellionaire team. And apart from being
huge Tesla bulls and having great bets
and great calls and helping a lot of
people manage their Tesla investments,
they also have a very large position in
Lemonade relative to the overall float.
So, they've done some really cool
modeling and today we're going to dig
into Matt, what is it that you believe
the fair value of Lemonade is today as
we sit somewhere in the neighborhood of
a $70 share price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh first of all, thanks for
having me on, Hans. Uh excited to talk
about this. You know, it is it is funny
cuz you know, we're Tesla Bulls. I think
people know you and I mostly for our
Tesla content. So whenever we do
anything at least it's been my
experience outside the you know Tesla
world there there just seems to be a
little bit less interest in it. Um but
even though like I find this this
company and this this uh topic like
super interesting. So uh yeah bit of a
right turn like you said but I'm uh
happy to kind of share why I think this
company is um still so misunderstood and
um undervalued. Not financial advice.
I'm a financial adviser so I've got to
be very uh careful about um not giving
any investment advice. Uh but I'm happy
to kind of share my thoughts on where I
think the the share price is today or
should be today just based on a present
value analysis and we'll kind of go into
all the logic in the model. Um it's
pretty beefy model. There's a lot of
different components to it. So I'll try
to kind of walk through what the main
assumptions are um and then how that
translates to you know results in in
later years and what that implies for
the the the fair value of the company on
a present value basis compared to where
the stock is right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I don't really want to bury
the lead too much. And so I would say,
you know, the one of the things to call
out is the one of the reasons we love
Lemonade that is tie over to Tesla is
operating leverage. And it seems like
Lemonade is continuing to just build an
incredible amount of operating leverage.
And they just haven't reached that
inflection point yet that Tesla reached
finally with the Model 3 production
ramp. And so we're kind of getting into
that phase. And I think Lemonade feels a
lot today like Tesla felt like when I
first invested in them in 2018 2019 time
frames. And so, you know, building
positions here feels really exciting.
Obviously, they have, you know, gone on
a little bit of a run recently, but
still well off of all-time highs. And
then, uh, yeah, let's let's give the
viewers, um, just the teaser on what do
you believe the fair value is, and then
we can get into how you arrive at that
number.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh you know the to not bury the
lead as you said the present value I'm
coming up with in in this version of the
model is $192 per share. So that's you
know not like some future 5-year out
target that's the present value of all
the cash flows uh that I'm calculating
today and then you know just dividing
that on on a per share basis. So yeah to
your point even though we've gone on a
pretty significant run I mean we're up I
don't know roughly you know three or 4x
over the last year or two uh depending
on which time frame you're you're
looking at. So the stock has gone on an
incredible run. Um but despite that um I
I think the company is actually
overexecuting relative to certainly my
expectations a year ago. Um they're
they're overd delivering. Um and you
know the story just changes so much. I
mean as you you're highlighting the
operating leverage. I I remember that
exact same feeling in, you know, 2019
looking at Tesla just being like, okay,
the operating leverage is definitely
here, but, you know, people weren't
really looking at it because, you know,
they're still posting losses and, you
know, there's this cash flow burn
concern. Uh, so there's a lot of
skepticism when you haven't quite done
it yet. But, you know, for me at least,
it wasn't too hard to, you know, kind of
look around the corner and say, okay,
well, you know, Model 3 is going to be
ramping. After that, we've got Shanghai
ramping. Um so when you when you get
your revenues to some you know critical
mass um then that operating leverage
really starts to deliver results that
the market was just not expecting. I I I
vividly remember looking at the 2020
analyst estimates for earnings per share
after the Q3 2019 report when you know
Tesla to me just like shattered the bare
thesis completely. You know that they
posted profitable earnings per share
that the cash flow was there um and
still all the analysts were like well I
think you know earnings per share is
going to be negative next year. I was
like, how? Like that that just like like
the volumes are only going to go up from
here. Revenue is only going to go up
from here. And with this operating
leverage, like earnings per share is
actually going to be significantly
higher. So I I feel like a bit um as if
that's where we are with Lemonade right
now, where um they haven't reached that
critical mass yet, but they're very
close. Um and so what what I'm trying to
do with this model is to just kind of
play the story forward. Um which we'll
get into in a minute about what what I
mean by that. Uh and just say, okay,
well, what does this look like when you
do reach that critical mass? And um you
know, one of the things with with AI
that we always talk about is like, you
know, the AI doesn't just stop getting
better. It's going to continue to
improve and have more capability. Um and
Lemonade truly has AI like deep in their
in their DNA as a company. They're
they're trying to unleash it on every
aspect of their business. And so we're
seeing results across every aspect of
their business from like customer
service to the loss ratios. Um
everything is just improving. Um and so
I think there's a a lot of things that
um over time are are just going to
really uh bear some some pretty
tremendous fruit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's almost like they've been
building, you know, the equivalent of
full self-driving for insurance for
a number of years now. And it is to that
point where, you know, it's like, oh,
like this is really starting to prove
results. Yes. it hasn't, you know,
gotten to the point where it's um been
able to recoup all of, you know, we're
still down before the J curve has
reached a cash flow break even over
time, but it's coming very soon. And
yeah, now now you can see the trajectory
of that upward ramp in cash flows and uh
yeah, it's it is exciting. Yeah, I mean
for a lot of years, you know, I think
management was saying all the right
things, but they, you know, the results
weren't really manifesting themselves um
or or the, you know, the AI uh benefits
weren't really uh showing up in the
financial results. And now I think we're
at this point where it's very clear that
what management's been saying for years
is actually happening now. Um and so
it's just a matter of time and scale to
to get to the point where we're on the
other side of this and profitability
gets looks looks really impressive. So,
I'm excited to to kind of share uh my
thoughts and and how I'm coming up with
such a,
&gt;&gt; you know, crazy uh valuation number
relative to where the price is right
now.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's go ahead and dig
into that now.
&gt;&gt; Sure. So, yeah, and and apologies uh at
the outset. Yeah, I think there's
probably no good way to share a model
like this. There is a lot of numbers and
you know, really these models u for the
most part I I kind of make for for me
not to share. So, um there's a there's a
lot that goes into this, but um maybe
I'll just start with kind of an overview
of the income statement and then we can
kind of drill down into how am I coming
up with these numbers. Um so, I've got
um you know, historical figures uh
spread in the past year. I've hid those
columns because uh you know, it can just
be a little messy to to kind of look at.
Um but essentially every single quarter
for the past many years um I've been
updating this model um with the the
actual results as they're coming in. And
so then I'm I'm kind of comparing their
actual results to what I'd modeled. Um
and so that uh provides some sort of
basis of of truth and and it's a good
means to keep me honest as I'm going
forward. So um you know just to start
one of the the key metrics for Lemonade
is uh what they call inforce premium.
So, in other words, how much of the, you
know, premium that a customer like me is
paying out every year, uh, does Lemonade
have? Uh, and so, right now, they've
got, you know, just about 1.2 billion in
inforce premium. In their investor day
last November, they detailed ambitions
to scale to 10 billion. Um, in they
didn't provide a time frame, but you can
actually do some sleuththing. And when
you when you do that uh with the kind of
growth kager that they indicated um
really it would be by 2033 or so that
they'd be 10xing the business. So it
implies a pretty drastic uh growth rate
in their inforce premium. Uh but it's
it's one that uh they've actually been
accelerating their revenue growth
recently which is uh pretty pretty
compelling. So uh but that you know all
the um financial metrics really flow
from from how quickly this this inforce
premium line is growing. Um, so then in
any given quarter, roughly a quarter of
this amount is is going to be recognized
just because, you know, this is an
annual figure and so on a quarterly
basis. So I've got a bit of a formula I
won't go into because it's not going to
be um, you know, exactly that. I've got
a a separate buildup uh because there
there's some kind of time lag of how
much premium have you written wr written
in the current quarter versus how much
is uh up for renewal from the four
quarters ago period. Um, so I've got a
buildup that kind of goes into that. Um
and then we've got a uh amount that is
seated to reinsurers and then uh
Lemonade is actually retaining an
increasing portion of of their book. So,
you know, it was the case up until very
recently that they were seating 55% of
their premiums to reinsurers
um and they were only self-insuring
essentially 45%. Now, you've got to pay
a bit of a premium uh no pun intended
when when you do that um to the
reinsurers cuz you know they they've got
to recover some costs. Um, but what
Lemonade announced recently is that
they're actually going to bring this
figure down to uh 20%. So that that
means that they're taking more of the
risk but also reaping more of the
rewards. So this is going to do a couple
things. One, it's going to accelerate
their revenue growth. Um, but then two,
it's also going to be more profitable
growth because you're not giving it, you
know, that kind of commission to the uh
reinsurers. So that
&gt;&gt; and so just because this is one of those
numbers that I hear a lot and honestly
I've never really figured out exactly
you know what is the definition of
inforce premium is inforce premium like
the total premium minus the premium that
is paid out to reinsure or like passed
out to reinsurers or is inforce premium
include what is being uh seated to the
reinsurers?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How does that break down? it
includes what's written uh or or what uh
is underwritten by the reinsurers. So,
think of it almost as like the gross
amount that's being um insured by their
platform and then some amount of that um
they're um essentially handing off to
the reinsurers and then collecting a
commission on that.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, u I I was actually really
surprised when they announced that they
were going to drop it. Um, and I would
say especially so when you know it
wasn't just a minor drop. It wasn't like
we're going from 55% reinsurance to like
40. Um, it was 55 to 20. Um, and on a
growing inforce premium. I mean, you can
kind of see when they finally get to 20%
which is going to be Q3 of next year.
You know, their revenue or their inforce
premium is going to be about 50% higher
uh than when they uh first made the
change. Um, so you know, it's a it's a
very significant amount of um
additional kind of balance sheet that
they're they're putting at risk. Um, and
I I think the reason that they're doing
it is um their cash flow has been so
extremely strong. Um, and I think their
underwriting, which I think a lot of
people understandably had a skeptical
eye of like, okay, are you actually is
your AI actually doing anything on the
underwriting front? um because their
their loss ratios were historically like
either worse than industry average or
occasionally like kind of okay at the
industry levels. Um but last quarter
they had a loss ratio of 68% or two
quarters ago they had a loss ratio of
68% and this most recent quarter it was
at 62%. Um which is phenomenal. And what
that is is essentially for every dollar
in premium that you're taking in how
much are you paying out in claims? Um,
and so to to only be paying out 62 cents
on every dollar is just phenomenal. Um,
and if the company can keep up that type
of level. Now, I don't expect it'll be
quite that low um into perpetuity. Um,
but I think it's it does two important
things. One is it it justifies their AI
approach. Um, and then two, I think it
it actually gives you um the ability to
uh give them credit for sustained low
levels of uh loss ratio going forward.
Um and then as Shai said recently, they
can actually um rather than keep loss
ratios so low, they can try to compete
on pricing and and essentially
accelerate growth by competing on price
rather than having kind of juicy
margins. Um so this is all in the back
of the AI that they've developed in
house that that gives them this benefit
of of pricing so effectively.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, and that was the thing that
really stood out to me about, you know,
commentary around this year's earnings
was exactly that that if they can grow
margins to the point that they can
actually undercut on price and still
like if they can make more than their
competitors
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; and sell at a lower price than their
competitors, their ability to gobble up
market share and just, you know,
dramatically grow profitability is
insane. And it it really just shows
finally, you know, the ability of
Lemonade to reap the rewards of all of
this investment of time and energy that
they have put into, you know, developing
all of the AI tooling throughout
Lemonade to really be able to just
leverage leverage and grow and with, you
know, off of a fixed cost base. Um and
and that is what's creating the
operating leverage that we're talking
about.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah, that's exactly right. Um and
so you can kind of see here in the in
the out years, you know, what's
happening to revenue. I mean, um
granted, this is a forecast, so it will
be wrong. The only question is, you
know, like what's the the magnitude of
of how wrong I am
&gt;&gt; and the direction
&gt;&gt; and the direction. Well, yeah, that's
true. uh you know but I think regardless
of you know how much I'm I'm off by the
clear trend is going to be that um
inforce premium is going to be growing.
So here you know I've got the
year-over-year inforce premium growth.
So it's like you know 32% 43 40 43 uh
which is um slightly higher than
management's long-term guide that they
gave at last year's investor day. Um,
but also I think it's it's um extremely
likely uh especially given some of the
stuff that's happening on on their car
product right now, which uh I think
we'll we'll probably get into in a
minute here. Uh but then because they're
they're uh self-insuring so much of
this, the revenue growth is actually
going to look even more uh significant.
So, you know, I've got 39% revenue
growth for this current year, then
jumping to 71% next year. Um, now this
is I that that'd be a very impressive
number, but I also want to just stress
that like what really matters is the
growth in gross margin dollars. So a big
chunk of this is just the accounting of
what happens to your premium when um
you're essentially counting as revenue
all the earned premium instead of just a
commission income. So even though your
um revenue is going to be increasing
very significantly I think next year um
you're going to have a very significant
uh increase in in your cost of goods
sold essentially because you're you're
uh owning so much of the of the risk as
well. So uh very impressive revenue
growth but the thing that's really going
to matter is what happens to margins. Uh
but good news is that's going to be uh
pretty pretty nice as well.
Um so then we we've got the net loss
ratio. This is one of the things um that
um was one of the the biggest changes
for for me and for for my model. So um
you know I I had a previous versions of
this model that had something like $130
kind of share price. Um and that was for
the for the most part based on
management's long-term guidance of loss
ratios in like the 70 to 75% range. um I
didn't really want to give management or
I didn't really want to you know bake
into my own model uh lower levels of
losses um or of loss ratio when
management wasn't essentially giving us
that information. Um but with the most
recent two quarters uh being so low um
and then management said on the call
that uh barring any surprises um Q4 was
actually going to be their lowest level
ever uh so even better than than Q3. So
that's why I've got 63% net loss ratio
here. Um
so given that I mean you're going to
have three quarters in a row of loss
ratio sub 70%. To me it's it seems very
logical to assume that they will be in
that sort of level in the in the longer
run. Um so I've got um you know this
this kind of stabilizing in the in the
you know mid to high 60s in in the
longer run. Um so essentially I'm not
assuming um any improvement from where
they are right now. uh which could could
prove I to me that seems like a
reasonable assumption.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just just betting on reversion to
the mean instead of a continuation of
the downward trend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think I mean
because if you get to levels where the
loss ratios are like too low um you know
then
you're just you're essentially kind of
taking money from your from your
customers. And Lemonade does have this
give back thing uh you know where uh any
loss any um profits below a certain
level uh for individual customer cohorts
they'll actually give back to charities.
So um I I don't think kind of assuming
that this would continue to drop to like
the 50s on a long-term basis would would
be a reasonable assumption.
Um so yeah this was a pretty big change
um because you know the the difference
between you know 68 and uh 73 is a is a
pretty significant difference for the
overall profitability of the business.
Um so then from here going to the
expenses I think this is maybe not as
interesting so I won't spend too much
time here but you know this this gets to
the the kind of operating leverage. Um,
and one thing to keep in mind is like
the you see the growth in this loss and
loss adjustment expense. Um, that's just
because that's how much you're you're
paying out in claims. But if you look at
these other other line items, um, maybe
also excluding sales and marketing
because that's really an investment in
your growth. So if you look at you know
these other lines kind of down here um
these are much more stable and as the
company or as the as the business is
growing you know 40 50% a year um for
many of these years these line items um
actually virtual agents interest
probably doesn't count as much but like
technology and development stays
relatively flat and the general and
administrative expenses are are
remaining relatively flat. Um, so that's
where this operating leverage that that
you were talking about earlier really
comes in is is you can service a much
larger book of business on a uh
technology platform that was built from
the beginning to scale to, you know, a
company that's like 10x the size that
it's going to be or that it is today.
&gt;&gt; Well, and even virtual agents like yes,
it is growing. It is a variable, you
know, it's a a variable cost instead of
a fixed cost, but it's a much smaller,
you know, overall
um slope than you would have if you were
servicing that with people instead of
AIS.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And just to orient people on
on this line a little bit, this is um I
I actually included this in here
separately. It's not the way that
management reports it. Um, but
essentially there's uh interest on these
loans that they have from a company
called General Catalyst. Technically,
it's not in debt because um there's no
downside protection for General
Catalyst. Uh so in the event like an
entire customer cohort defaults, um
Lemonade doesn't have to actually pay
General Catalyst back for that. So, uh
it's very very important that it's
non-reourse debt and that's a big part
of the reason that Lemonade is able to
uh balance sheet more of these um loans
themselves because uh they u their
balance sheet is actually pristine. They
don't have any debt. Uh so they do, you
know, they're essentially giving up um a
sliver of the economics of each cohort
that uh General Catalyst is essentially
um helping to cover the upfront costs
of. Um, so General Catalyst gets a a
fixed return on that. Um, but there's no
uh downside protection for General
Catalyst like there would be for typical
debt financing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I obviously misunderstood
that. I thought that was a an expense
related to, you know, running my I
didn't realize that was actually a part
of the the financing of the the actual
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's really it's it's
really related to that to that marketing
spend. So I think one of the most
important assumptions in here is
actually how much are you spending on
this sales and marketing. Um so you can
see this here. Um and really what this
line is is how much are you spending to
acquire new customers. Um one of the
ways that I built this model up that
that I think is different from the way
anyone else has has built up a lemonade
model is is by looking at each um
customer cohort individually. Um and and
this this probably deserves uh you know
a bit of a a kind of walk through. Um
but one of the the the things that
management always talks about is what is
the uh LTV to CAC or the lifetime value
of a customer um over the customer
acquisition cost. So, in other words, if
you spend $100 to acquire me as a
customer, um, and then you you have your
AI essentially look forward at all of
the future years of my cash flows. Um,
so I'm paying premium every single year
and then there's some probability that I
I'm going to have a claim. There's some
probability that I'm going to churn away
and, you know, switch switch insurance
providers and there's some probability
that I will, you know, cross-ell and
say, "Oh, you know what? I need car
insurance now, too." So, you know that
they they have their AI essentially um
predict for every single group of new
customers that they acquire what that
future stream of cash flows is is going
to be. And then they constantly check,
okay, how accurate were we? How accurate
were we? And they're getting more and
more accurate over time. Um, and that
allows them to have the the confidence
to say, "All right, let's let's spend
more money on acquiring these customers
because what we're finding and and
management says this uh pretty
consistently is that if they're spending
$100 to acquire me as a as a customer,
the present value of those streams of
cash flows um out into the future uh
discounted back to the present uh is
worth over $300." So,
this is the thing that I think is so
mindboggling and I don't think a lot of
um analysts are or are um I think they
might just be skeptical about this, but
I mean if if I had some investment and I
was like, "All right, Hans, um give me
$100 and I'm going to give you a stream
of cash flows that's worth, let's say,
$340,
like how like you you would put as much
money as possible into that type of of
return because I mean it's it's a
present value. It's not like I'll give
you $300 in 10 years. It's I'll give you
a stream of cash flows that today is
worth $340. Like that that irr is
insane. Um and and management's actually
like provided some calculations on their
investor website detailing exactly that
IRRa and it's over 100% IRRa that
they're getting in these customer in
this customer acquisition spend. Um this
is essentially the um what's making the
cash flows of the business so strong.
It's why I'm coming up with this, you
know, $192 share price, uh, when the
stock's at 72, um, is because I'm doing
the math of, okay, well, you know, if
you can actually acquire all these
customers at these economics, um, and
you just ramp up that spend over time,
um, what does the present value of all
those cash flows look like? And, you
know, turns out it's it's a lot higher
than than where the stock is today. So
one question that I would have on you
know the future predictions of LTV to
CAC like is there basically elasticity
in the price of customer acquisition as
they you know reach 10x the number of
customers that they're trying to acquire
compared to today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this has actually been one of
the questions I've consistently asked
management um every time I've had a
chance to um uh to ask the question
because um I mean it stands to reason uh
well actually let me back up a little
bit uh just to give slightly more
context before I give I give the answer.
So, management strategy and and this is
something they reiterated at the last
investor day was um not to kind of
maintain an average LTV to CAC of of you
know let's say 3.2 or 3.4 four something
like that. Um but it's really to spend
every quarter until their incremental
LTV to CAC is is at a little bit over
one. So in other words, um it makes
sense to spend as many dollars as
possible on an LTV to CAC ratio that's
higher than one. Uh that's just kind of
like pure like, you know, economics that
just makes sense. So what they're what
they're trying to do is to get that
marginal like that last dollar that they
spend of their total marketing spend as
as close to one as possible with like a
a modest buffer. Um and and so my
skepticism like a year and a half ago
especially was that as you as you scaled
this sales and marketing expense um you
wouldn't be able to um essentially you
wouldn't be able to scale this marketing
expense uh without
&gt;&gt; at some point you're going to hit
diminishing returns.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So like you don't want to spend
any dollar that's like a 0.9 um and so
if you're going to you know be growing
aggressively you would just hit some
limits. So, I I've pretty consistently
asked this this question to management.
Um, and you know, I the the simple
answers I was getting a while ago were,
you know, like we're actually just
finding more and more ways to creatively
spend these dollars. And our marketing
team is like, no, like don't like we're
we don't think we can do anymore. But
then they find a way when when pressed
to um to get a little bit more creative.
That's the kind of somewhat unsatisfying
answer that I would say management was
giving me for a while. Um but one of the
things that um I I think is actually a
more um cogent and and realistic answer
is as their loss ratios are coming down
the the lifetime value assumptions um
get way more valuable. So um just to to
give a simple example let's say that um
I'm spending money to acquire a customer
that has um um an estimated loss ratio
of 80%. Um now the the loss ratios that
they use for their LTV calculations are
generally from their historical levels.
Now they they will um they'll give some
credit for what they think the future is
going to look like because they're
constantly improving their their models.
Uh but for example um I I asked them
about cross-selling for car because car
is a very high dollar uh value item. So,
if you're acquiring a uh renters's
customer for, let's say, $400 of premium
annually, and then all of a sudden they
they buy a car insurance policy also,
well, that's $1,900. So, there's like a
multiple more revenue, premium, and then
um you know, cash flows that that you
could assume from um a renters or a pet
customer that all of a sudden adds a
adds a car policy. And so I asked them,
I was like, "Well, what are your
assumptions on that LTV um for that uh
uh pet customer today who, you know,
historically has had an extremely low
conversion rate to car. And by the way,
car loss ratios were horrible
historically. They were like, you know,
they were over 100% for a long time. Uh
then they were recently like around 90%
and only now are they uh below 80%. I
think it was 78% or something like that
last last quarter. Um and so what
happens is um the LTV assumptions that
you had for a customer that you acquired
let's say a quarter ago um didn't assume
really any material um cash flows from a
a cross cell. One because the um
conversion rates were very low
historically uh and two because the loss
ratios on car were really bad
historically. So like you put those two
things together and it's like all right
well it's not that helpful. Then as as
car becomes you know let's say 70 75%
loss ratio in the future and conversion
rates go from or cross-ell rates let's
say go from 5% to maybe 10% and then
when it's available in all 50 states
maybe they go to you know 20 30 40%. um
well all of a sudden the LTV assumptions
for this you know pet insurance customer
that you got right now get massively
more profitable and so you know you
might be acquiring somebody today you
know for a life for a a premium level of
$400 um but it might be that on average
you know the they um up they cross-ell
and and are worth you know $1,100 of of
premium on a weighted average kind of
probability weighted basis in the
future.
Um, and so when when you start adding
all those into your model, then all of a
sudden the um the LTV number increases
significantly. And so that that's what
allows you to then spend more to acquire
uh more customers because you got um you
you can spend a lot more to get that
incremental dollar down closer to one
when you're uh starting value LTV is so
much higher. Well, and especially as you
build out your portfolio, not only to
cover more products, but also more
geographies, like you know, you may
cover
auto here in this state and that state
and that state, but then all your other
customers who are in all the other
states, you can't necessarily cross-ell
to, but then as you expand that, your
ability to cross-ell significantly
increases. And then the other thing you
know that relates to customer
acquisition that was I think the big um
pivot point for me is coming back to
you know that move if they're able to
make it to actually selling to being the
lowcost provider. like if they can beat
competitors on price, which is every
time I've cross shopped them, they've
never been able to get even really close
to the rates that I was paying for home
and auto. Um, if they can actually be
the winner, then I would think that that
actually makes the cost of customer
acquisition significantly lower. that,
you know, it's like how many people
really care when they're shopping for
insurance about all of the fancy
schmancy dad things that Lemonade does
now versus, yeah, did you save me money?
Okay, sweet. I I'm in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly right. And, you
know, I think management is is
intentionally kind of discriminating
right now. Um, so like they're trying to
really cherrypick only the best
customers. Um
&gt;&gt; almost like uh Tesla intentionally
cherrypicked their FSD beta testers for
many many years.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So you like I've seen a lot of
comments of people being like, "Oh, like
you know, you charge me more or uh like
you just weren't competitive." Um if you
go back and watch their last investor
day, they say that they're explicitly
going to do that. So there like there's
on car insurance for example, um they
price it based on how you're actually
driving. like that's key to their entire
scenario. And so the the rough numbers
are uh that there's there's something
like um twothirds of of drivers are
subsidizing the worst one-third of
drivers. So, if you happen to be, you
know, like the worst one in the the
bottom one-third of drivers, at least in
terms of like probability of an accident
and, you know, what that means to the
insurance company, um, they're going to
charge you a higher rate and you might
start out at a lower rate and then based
on how you're driving, um, they might
increase your rate and like that's going
to lead to some unhappy customers. But
that's also like really core to the
strategy because sure you're going to
piss off this one customers who are
causing you pain feel the pain in
return. Yeah, exactly. And it's like,
okay, if you want to go somewhere else,
by all means, like go back to
progressive and all state and have their
customer base subsidize you. And then
like that's just going to make, you
know, eliminate even more cost
competitive over time as you got this
cycle of they can provide lower rates,
at least in theory. Um I I think this is
likely to happen, but it's it's a really
important um piece of the thesis. um
they can if they can price accurately
and and compete on price for that, you
know, for those two-thirds of customers,
you know, then more and more of them
will leave the progressives, the all
states, the geos of the world um because
of Lemonade's lower rates. And then
those incumbent companies are going to
be left with the an increasing
proportion of the bad drivers, which
will then kind of make the next trunch
of like okay drivers even more
competitive because like they're still
subsidizing this oneird that that's too
bad. uh or that that's uh you know uh
that that's driving worse than average.
So um to me that that whole like
flywheel idea is very compelling. I
think it's going to take a long time for
that to really play out because
Lemonade's such a small scale player
right now. Uh but it does give me some
confidence um in the long-term thesis
that there's going to be a lot of of
room for them to grow into the future.
Um, but let's since since we're on this
topic, let let's take a pivot um away
from the income statement right now and
kind of get to the the customer cohort
model that I was talking about because I
think this is highly relevant. Um, so I
really have this this model, like I
said, that I think is is is quite a bit
different where um I I've got this kind
of buildup down here where I'm saying,
all right, what's the what's the
customer acquisition cost? Um how much
are we spending on marketing? That's
actually an input. Um, and then I've got
a um a set of assumptions for every
single cohort. Um, so like what what's
the loss ratio in each year for for this
cohort of customers that was acquired in
in Q4. So you can see, you know, where
the loss ratios are kind of coming down
over time over here. Uh, what the
inflation assumptions are, what the
churn assumptions are. Um, and then this
this gets to like a customer count. So
I've got all these these kind of
figures. Um, and then what I do, um, so,
so then what it what it turns into
though is, um, like a waterfall of
customers. So, you know, you've got each
quarter I'm updating this. So, like for
Q4, you acquired this cohort of
customers. Um, but then when you're in
December of 2032, you've got some amount
of these of this premium still left. Um,
so the assumption is a good chunk of
that's going to kind of turn away over
time. um based on your you know ADR
assumptions and historic turn rates and
everything like that. But then the these
customer cohorts stack on top of each
other. I think it's it's actually super
important to build your model up this
way. And I know it's small but like you
know the the point isn't necessarily to
see the numbers, it's to see how the
like the the benefits and the premiums
stack for these these cohorts over time.
So that was the premium assumption. Um
and then this is like the the
contribution margin. So essentially the
the premiums less the payouts over time.
So you can see see these benefits really
start to to stack up. And then when you
come back to um the model
essentially you can kind of look at all
these figures and calculate a lifetime
value for each one of these um um
cohorts that that you've acquired. And
then this gets you an implied LTV to CAC
uh which is an output. So you can see
right now I'm assuming 3.5. They they
haven't told us exactly uh what this LTV
to CACAC is right now, but they've
they've said in the past that it was
over four and they said most recently
[clears throat] that it was over three.
So uh right now I'm assuming it's at 3.5
and that it it kind of slowly ticks down
over time, but uh does stay above three.
So this is one of the the kind of key
assumptions is this LTD dec.
So, that's how I'm kind of building this
up. And I do think it's it's different
from any other model that I've seen in
terms of of how to look at it. But I to
me it seems like that's the the right
way to do it because that's how
management is making their marketing
spend decisions.
Um, and then I'm assuming that the the
the KC increases over time, especially
as you're as you're trying to sell more
like high dollar value um uh products.
So that that customer acquisition cost,
you know, increases as you're going from
selling like pet and renters policies
to, you know, like a $1,900 car policy.
Like that's just a a more expensive uh
acquisition to to to get that.
Um
all right. So then kind of coming back
up here um into the model, how does this
all translate? So, um, you know, you you
you've got the increase in in marketing
spend going forward. Um, and then what
happens is you've got this this is the
way that management reports it, you
know, this comprehensive loss. Um, so I'
I've got them kind of crossing the
threshold just barely into profitability
in Q1 of 2027. It might happen a little
bit later than that. It might happen a
little bit earlier than that. Um, kind
of depends on on some of the
assumptions. But you know regardless of
when exactly they hit that inflection
point to me that like the much more
interesting thing is is wow hey look
what happens to net income out here in
the in these outy years. So you know in
Q4 of 2028 there's 72 million of net
income which you know translates to 91
cents of earnings per share.
&gt;&gt; Um so if you just look at this this
earnings per share line I mean watch
what happens. And I I'll kind of show
you the here you've got the uh trailing
and the forward earnings per share uh
here which I find is just like a pretty
helpful way to to kind of look at this.
So as we're as we're going out uh you
know further and further all of a sudden
okay wait you're getting quarterly
earnings of over a dollar now and uh you
know trailing earnings per share of $441
&gt;&gt; and then like when you get out to you
know 2032 and 2033 all of a sudden
you're at like you know roughly $20 in
earnings per share. um which is just
like crazy uh you know and quarterly
earnings per share of like over $5. I
mean these get to to really um wild
numbers. Uh and and this is at an
enforced premium level of just under 10
billion. So that's the kind of key
assumption thinking of like what kind of
scale are we at? Uh and this is this is
very roughly in line with management's
long-term guidance of um um the the 30%
enforced premium growth. If you just
track that forward, they'd be getting to
10 billion in enforced premium by 2033.
So, so this case is is roughly in line
with with the guidance that management
gave um on investor day.
Um
so like these sorts of numbers if
they're if they're possible, you know, I
think this is this is that operating
leverage that you were you're speaking
about. This is um just like a cash flow
printing machine. So So this is the
earnings per share. Um, but the way that
I've actually valued this, um, you come
up with $192 per share is actually on a
cash flow basis. Um, so I've got a bunch
of different assumptions in here. This
is like how much of the, uh, marketing
spend is general catalyst funding, how
much is Lemonade funding? Um,
how much is Lemonade paying back general
catalyst? So, as we get to these out
years, um, I'm assuming that there's no
more originations from the synthetic
agents program. And by 2033, they've
essentially paid General Catalyst back
for all that spend. Um, and so, um, when
you come down to the cash flow here, um,
it's it's like over $500, uh, million in
quarterly cash flow. Um, so coming up
with like a a terminal value here of $32
billion in 2034.
And so the this, I find, is is kind of a
helpful way to to think about this. And
that's that's the cumulative addition of
all of the positive cash flows from now
until that 2033.
&gt;&gt; No. So yeah, let let me back up a little
bit. My my valuation nerd in me is kind
of coming out um a little bit. So um the
um
this is a a forecast of the uh quarterly
cash flows. Um what I have is a net
present value calculation. So, if I come
back over to uh this side of the
spreadsheet, um you can see what this
formula is doing is basically just
taking the net present value of all
these cash flows um that these are cash
flows to equity. So, importantly, like
you've got to take out uh what you're
paying back to general catalyst, which
you you see in these in these back
years. Um so, like accounting for how
much cash flow like is actually uh
distributable essentially to the equity
holders. Uh that's what this this
calculation is. So because the model
like I mean I could build a model that
goes out to 2100 or something like that
but that would just be you know full of
terrible assumptions. So a a better kind
of shortcut um that most people uh in in
valuation use
&gt;&gt; is is something called the Gordon growth
method. And so essentially what you do
is you say okay uh in the last year you
generated over a little over $2 billion
in cash flow. So to create what's called
a terminal value that's okay what's the
value of all the cash flows beyond this
point in time. That's the end of the
forecast model. Um, so you take the
previous year's cash flows, you multiply
it by a long-term growth rate, and then
you divide it by the cost of equity
minus the growth rate. So it's
essentially what what this is
essentially saying is the the present
value of all future cash flows beyond,
you know, 2033.
&gt;&gt; That's the value of all those, but in
2033. So then you've got to take this
value and discount it back to the to the
present. Um and so you know one thing
that you can do is say okay well you
know what kind of terminal multiple are
we assuming here and so what you can see
is this is like a 16 times cash flow
multiple which seems pretty reasonable
um and that that translates to a 2034
share price of $388 per share um and I
looked at a PE multiple I think that's
what I did here is that right yeah so I
looked at a PE multiple and essentially
what this would be this this price um
and this share price uh equates to like
a PE of 20,
which to me seems pretty reasonable,
like not a massive amount of aggression
in there. So, so then, you know,
essentially what what I'm doing to
calculate this $192 share price is
taking this entire stream of cash flows
um and discounting them back to the to
the present um to and then dividing that
by the fully diluted share price to get
$192.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so so that's the you know the
the kind of big um summary that the the
big shortcut. Um I've got all sorts of
nerdy assumptions you know buried in
here on like you know working capital
assumptions and um how all that stuff's
you know plays in here. Um one of the
things that um I find interesting have
you heard people especially the bears
talk about the book equity uh multiple?
&gt;&gt; Yeah I've I'm not a value investor. I
just know that anyone who talks about
book equity thinks about growth
investing much differently than I do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I I agree with you, but I
wanted to kind of like
um think through this and say, all
right, well, like if I am a a growth
investor or sorry, if I'm a value
investor, like what's going to happen?
Um,
and just I I want some I want your your
viewers to like um understand a little
bit about what these value investors are
thinking because I I think it's just
like a helpful um understanding. Um so
so book equity um essentially what that
is it's it's like the the value of uh
equity on your balance sheet of your
company. And so practically what that
means is you know let's say you raise a
billion dollars to start your business.
I'm going to move you back over here.
Yeah. Um so like that goes onto your
your um balance sheet as equity it's
called additional paid in capital and
then any net income that you have and
every subsequent period either you know
adds to that book equity value or it
subtracts from it if you're running at a
loss and so Lemonade right now is
running at a loss and so what's
happening is their book equity is kind
of falling down because they're running
at at a loss. It's just like you know
all their metrics are improving but book
equity is declining because their gap
earnings is negative. Um, so all these
people who are saying like, oh, like you
should be pricing lemonade on a book
equity basis. I was like, if you believe
that's true, then the share price, you
should expect the share price to decline
on a very constant basis up until they
get to profitability and then you should
also expect it to increase in proportion
um, you know, to the uh, increase in
book equity um, of the business. Um, but
they they just like can't see it that
way because because they're so used to
analyzing companies that have been
around for a hundred years. And so like
the book equity is very stable because,
you know, it represents like a hundred
years of profits like on on the books.
Lemonade has is like kind of barely
squeaking by on their book equity
because they're running a very tight
ship, but they're about to hit this
inflection point where they're literally
doing $5 in earnings per share per
quarter like we were, you know, kind of
looking at earlier. So, so what happens
if I can share my screen again when you
when you just think through this uh
exercise
um
so all right now like their their book
equity is only $436 million and so if
you just say all right they should be
priced at three times book equity which
is something I've heard then the share
price today should be like $17 per share
and then it just drops and then all of a
sudden around here they become
profitable so it starts to increase but
then you know what happens as you're as
you're like very significantly
um increasing in your earnings. Well,
your your book equity essentially
doubles in a less than 2-year time frame
from uh right here. Actually, I mean,
oh, let's just take this one as an
example. It goes from 505 to over 1
billion in uh less than two years. Um
that would imply that the share price
should double in less than two years.
And that's like a crazy thing to assume,
especially if you're a value investor.
So, it's just it's super dumb because
like the the book equity is going to hit
this like this trough and then it's just
going to accelerate so quickly. Um, and
so if you look at a slightly longer time
frame and just kind of play these trends
forward, um, you know, you'd be going
from 542 million of book equity and
implied share price of, you know, $20.84
to $171 implied share price by the end
of this. um you know which is like an
insane uh you know I think I don't know
if this math is still right cuz I wrote
this on an earlier version of the model
but like it assumes an 8x in share price
in 5 years so like you don't want to use
a stupid multiple like that
&gt;&gt; on an immature business but like I I
literally was talking to investors at
analyst day that were like you know I
like their technology but I just think
like the multiple book is too high and
like
&gt;&gt; all right I don't know what to tell you.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Well, and one of the things in your
model that I'd love to like that jumped
out to me as we were looking at it was
um I think you know looking at the cash
flows here between 2026
and 2028 where where you see that big
massive swing.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; I get myself confused in here. All
right. Uh cash flows. There we go.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so the company's cash flow
positive right now. Um, but like you
know, modestly
&gt;&gt; or sorry, not I said cash flow, I meant
profitability where we went from Oh,
yeah. being negative, you know,
&gt;&gt; let's see it. Yeah.
So if if you reach profitability in
March of 27 and in March of 26, you
know, you're massively negative and then
uh you know, to the t tune of negative
36 cents per share and then you go to
positive
48 cents per share
over the course of two years. Like
that's a huge swing.
And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, like and the reason that I
look at that is because I think that is
it's pretty hard not to expect a massive
rerating in the public markets when you
make, you know, a swing that dramatic
around profitability in that short of a
period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's that's really what I
I've kind of got here. So, you know,
this just takes the, you know, uh
forward earnings per share um or sorry,
this this figure, I guess, is actually
the uh current quarter earnings per
share over the the year prior. Actually,
that's that's actually not quite right.
&gt;&gt; Should be that cell. So, here we are
finding errors, fixing them live. Um
&gt;&gt; yep,
&gt;&gt; but the the trend is still going to be,
you know, very much the same.
So, uh, but when you when you do that,
it's like, okay, you know, 235%
year-over-year growth, 197, like you're
you're in the triple digit earnings per
share growth for a long time, and even
after that, you're, you know, in in
very, you know, meaningfully high
levels. So, you know, one of the things
that I was again like with any share
price calculation, you want to kind of
come come at it from several different
uh areas. So like you you want to do a
discounted cash flow if you can, but
then you also want to look at at
different multiples to to kind of do a
gut check on it. Um and so you know, one
thing I was just looking at here in my
my messy sheet, so sorry this is not
super user friendly. Um you know, but I
was looking at okay, you know, you've
got um uh
40% year-over-year uh growth in earnings
in this particular period that we're
we're looking at right here. Um, so if
you you essentially just apply apply a
40 multiple to that earnings per share
level, um, you know, then the stock
would be worth $335 at at this point on
a forward-looking basis. And I was like,
okay, yeah, that like
&gt;&gt; if they truly are growing, if these are
the metrics that they're actually
posting at at that at that point in
time, then I would expect the the stock
to be doing, you know, somewhere in the
neighborhood of of that kind of kind of
price level. Um, so again, that's a
that's a future price, whereas the 192
is a present value. So kind of keep that
in mind. I mean this is a price target
essentially 5 years from now.
&gt;&gt; Um so you you'd have to kind of discount
that back to the present. But um it's a
it's another kind of way of of you know
triangulating and saying okay yeah this
is not some some kind of crazy fantasy
land. You know the cash flows support it
the earnings level supports it. Uh even
in the outer years I mean the book
equity multiple like the the dumb rule
of thumb actually gets pretty close to
to the the share price levels that we're
we're calculating here. Mhm. Well, and
even if you wanted to be conservative,
you know, more conservative and put that
at a 30 instead of a 40, you're still
upper 200s.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 250 there. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, you're right. I mean, any especially
with like the further out you go
obviously the the more uncertainty there
is. Um, so that's where
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know,
I' I'd probably bank less on, you know,
like the assumptions in my model and
more like, okay, how how good is the
technology of the company actually? How
how good is is the management team? Um,
and and like can the market support
this? Um, and when I just look at
Lemonade size, I mean, they are just
like the tiniest little uh wart on the
overall size of the insurance market.
Um, so they've got such a long way to go
and I I think what what management has
really proven to me over the course of
the last several years, uh, they they
went from saying a lot of the right
things to proving them, you know, that
their AI actually can price
appropriately.
And like if that's true,
&gt;&gt; putting the model putting the the
modeling away and, you know, all the,
you know, cash flow forecast, which will
inevitably be wrong, like ultimately
you're you're betting on technology and
you're betting on the management team.
And if they actually are better at
pricing insurance and administering it,
you know, at at lower cost than the
incumbents, which to me seems like
obviously true at this point.
&gt;&gt; And if that's true, that's almost all
you need to know. Like cuz that they'll
continue to gain share. That's going to
be the most important thing in the
insurance market is is like pricing
competitively and keeping your customers
happy, you know, and doing so at at uh
at good margins. Um to me, like Lemonade
passes that test with with flying
colors.
Yeah, I think that, you know, as you're
saying that, one of the reminders for me
of what it is that I like about
Lemonade, um, structurally as a company
is, you know, we've talked about the
similarities with Tesla, but I think in
another way it reminds me a lot of
Palunteer that, you know, they went and
did really, really hard software for
government clients both, you know, in
special forces
and in clandestine operations and like
just you know how do you how do you make
something work in that environment? It's
really really hard and you you know you
got to solve a lot of problems and
you've got to do it with security and
all that stuff. It's like okay hey if
they can if they can make this crazy
wild bet that everyone thinks is dumb
like the opportunity there you're you're
obviously you know not going to have a
big business if that's all your business
is. But then if you can learn how to
solve a problem in that context that
then you take your solution set your
solution method and start applying it to
more and more problems and you're able
to you know grow that and compound that
over time and eventually you're able to
take your learnings from that and say
okay Mr. Fortune 500 company like I can
massively transform your business in way
less time with way better results than
anybody else out there could possibly
do. and you prove that over the course
of several years in corporate and then
you know you end up with 70% kagger on
you know US commercial business then
like that's the type of
overall strategy that can produce
incredible results that's what we've
seen with palunteer but that's the type
of thing that we're seeing here with
lemonade is just this um you know like
solving
insurance in the age of artificial
intelligence using pure software and not
relying on all of the old rules of
thumb, but re-endriting it from first
principles is a big hard, you know,
hairy problem
&gt;&gt; that is going to take some time. Like
there's so many intricate pieces of what
go into actually operating an insurance
business. But once you finally get
everything tweaked and dialed in and you
know you have it, you know, it's here we
can go back to the Tesla FSD analogy.
If you solved 99.9% of the problems in
FSD, you still can't scale to robo
taxis,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You've got to do all the problems and
all the nines. And you know, insurance
is the same way. like you can't solve
99.9% of your underwriting problems and
um yeah claims and reinsurance and
customer acquisition and and and
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; you've got to solve all of them. But
once you've solved all of them, then you
just have tremendous scalability that no
one else can compete with.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it gets to culture. I mean, I
think the Palanteer example is is a
great thing. like they've obviously
created like amazing software and um you
could you could make a case that okay
somebody could could probably replicate
um the software that that Palunteer has
developed but what they really have is
like a team of rock stars that are
constantly iterating and like solving
problems for their customers and it's
that that culture you know more than
their current product set that that
really is the long-term value creator
and I think the same thing is is 100%
true with with Lemonade Um, I'll be
honest with you, I was pretty skeptical
of their AI for a while because I just
hadn't like proven uh like back in 2022.
Um, and I was actually at their investor
day in 2022. It it was literally like a
week or two weeks before chat GPT was
released. So, like the timing was was
kind of hilarious, but you know, like
the whole thing was about AI and like
how their systems talk to each other and
iterate and get better over time. They
were they were saying that like at a
time when like AI was not really that
cool and they they built the company 10
years ago like way like before the
transformer was was developed like
before because they were looking forward
to like how future companies would
actually operate and they viewed
artificial intelligence as as really
like the the key thing into that. So
then as as time goes on in like the
systems that they built in 17 18 19 um
they're just finding that they need to
either like like throw them out or like
uh iterate on them with these new tools
that are that are out there. And that's
exactly what they're doing. So when chat
GPT came out they're like oh you know
what instead of having all these um you
know people responding to customer
emails we can automate a lot of these as
long as we're sure that we're not
sacrificing like customer satisfaction.
And so then like they they started this
journey of like using chat GPTs and
literally taking these employees that
used to be responding to customer
inquiries. Now their job was training
LLMs to u deterministically
um respond. So like it would follow all
of their rules of like how you need to
respond to certain types of customer
queries while still having some some
personality and some flare and like
being appropriate. So like you know they
went went from like a kind of low-level
job to literally training AIs. Um, so
like that's the the type of employees
they have and they just they don't stop
on that. So like they they introduced
like a voice agent and one of the things
that I think they they've done super
well is like so you can call to like
work through a claim on the phone and
and Tesla actually introduced this with
their insurance product too where like
they'll have a voice an AI voice
assistant that will say all right um you
know here's what you do to like you know
handle the next steps of your claim
which is like kind of helpful but
Lemonade's actually went the the step
further and said would you like me to do
this thing or change your policy or
update your credit card. So like they
they can actually make the changes with
the AI instead of being like a chatbot
assistance. Um so they they're like
allin and are constantly iterating,
constantly improving the business model,
trying to do more with less and while
still delivering like exceptional
results to their customers. Um and and
so like that
like much more than the model and the
valuation and all that cuz like you're
not going to get these types of numbers
unless like you truly are um delivering
&gt;&gt; your value proposition.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Well,
man, this was an awesome conversation. I
hope that people appreciate the depth
of, you know, the amount of work that it
goes into creating a model like that.
And like you said, you know, these are
predictions about the future and those
are notoriously hard. Um, but yeah, the
there's a lot of valuable insight that
uh comes out of, you know, thinking
through all of those questions, uh,
putting the math around all of them. And
so I really appreciate you being willing
to, you know, open up the kimono, so to
speak, and show us all of the the
assumptions that go into that and give
us a little bit of a peak. And yeah, you
know, people can take it for what it's
worth. Um, maybe that impacts their
their view on the company, not at all.
maybe it it has some informative view,
but this is all forformational purposes
only, not financial advice, all the fun
things. Um, but yeah, I really really
appreciate your your time with us today,
Matt, and just yeah, the the opportunity
to think through these
big like big and difficult questions
that it's sometimes it's hard to put
structure around, you know, how do you
create that answer? And this was a great
way to do that.
Well, thanks for having me on, Hans. It
was a a great conversation. And I mean,
yeah, regardless of of whether people,
you know, agree or disagree with the
valuation or whatever, you know, I
honestly just find some inspiration
looking at what Lemonade is doing as a
company because, you know, I I think
the, you know, I used to work for GM, I
worked for utility. Um, and like kind of
like seeing those old ways of doing
things like it's so obvious to me that
you know these department heads and
department meetings and like you know
inner office memos like all that stuff
that is not the future of like how
businesses are going to be structured.
So I just get a lot of inspiration from
seeing how lemonade is doing things and
like I I find it challenging for myself
like okay how can we leverage AI to uh
do more in our company? How can I do it
more in my role to make myself better?
So, um, regardless of, uh, whether or
not your viewers think this is a good
company to to invest in, I'm not going
to opine on that. Um, I'd encourage them
just to to look and see, okay, what are
they doing and and how can I, uh, try to
leverage that in in my own job, wherever
I am, because I think it's u,
&gt;&gt; I I think companies in 2035 are going to
look a lot different from companies in
2025. And to me, Lemonade is a a very
good prototype of of what I think uh, is
more likely than than not to to uh, that
companies would look like.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yep. And uh you I was just
thinking about office space as you were
saying that that you know I don't think
that they have any TPS reports at
lemonade and maybe if you have TPS
reports in your company you should think
about how to eliminate them
&gt;&gt; 100%. [laughter]
I need to rewatch that movie PC load
letter. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. All right. Well it was great
chatting you with you today. I think for
our viewers we will see you in future
episodes. We hope you have a great
afternoon and uh yeah, have fun.