Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       Jensen Huang: We’re Making a HUGE Mistake! (NVIDIA CEO)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY1cgL9bxDw
Published:   2025-10-15 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nvidia CEO Jensen Hang has just dropped
a new interview and I'm going to be
sharing two clips with you guys. Check
these out. They are bangers. And we want
the world to be built on American
technology, you know, and and Nvidia is
a proud American company and and um we
want we want of course we we hope that
we could create American technology that
the world's built upon. Well, a lot of
the AI researchers are in China. You
know, China has about 50% of the world's
AI researchers. Uh, incredible schools,
incredible focus in AI, lots of passion
around AI. And I think it's a mistake to
not have those researchers build AI on
American technology.
&gt;&gt; On first principles, I think that's a
mistake. And so the question is how how
do you balance winning staying ahead on
the other hand ensuring that the world
builds on American tech stack that's the
balance
and in order to balance you have to have
nuance and it it's probably not you know
all or nothing and so nuance a nuance
strategy that that that um uh changes
that that um uh you know is is a
changing over time uh has a you know
that allows United States to stay ahead
while we continue to win researchers
around the world is probably the right
balance and and that that's what I would
advocate at the moment uh we are 100%
out of China and so China is 0% of we
went from 95% market share to 0%
&gt;&gt; and so I can't imagine any policy maker
thinking that that's a good idea
that whatever policy we implemented
uh caused one of caused America to lose
one of the largest markets in the world
to 0%. But anyhow, in all of our
forecast, if there are any shareholders
out there, all of our forecast, we're
we're assuming zero zero for China. If
anything happens in China, which I hope
it will, it'll be a bonus. But it's a
large market. Uh China is the second
largest computer market in the world. Uh
it is a vibrant ecosystem. I think it's
a mistake for the United States to not
participate and and um and so hope
hopefully we'll we'll continue to uh to
uh explain and and inform and and uh uh
hold out hope for for for a change in
policy.
&gt;&gt; Jensen, you were at our offices recently
uh for an AI conference we were holding
and you had some really brilliant
insights into the future of AI security
and the importance of it. It's somewhat
related. Uh there are nation state
actors that might interfere with AI.
There are individual users that might
use AI incorrectly. What do you think
the future of AI security looks like?
&gt;&gt; Well, AI security in the future is going
to look a little bit like cyber
security.
It's going it's going to require that
that uh we all work as a community. Um,
you probably know this, all of your
cyber security, your your chief security
officers, uh, we're all one large
community and when when somebody finds a
a um,
you know, some intrusion, uh, we share
it with everybody. Whenever we find a
vulnerability, we share with everybody.
And so, uh, it's very likely that the
future of AI security will be like cyber
security. Um,
second, if the marginal cost of
intelligence, the marginal cost of AI
goes to zero, if the marginal cost of AI
goes to zero, then why would the
marginal cost of security focused AI go
also to zero? And so that's that's very
clear. It's very likely that every AI
will be surrounded by a whole bunch of
cyber security AIS watching it.
&gt;&gt; And so we're going to have lots and lots
of AI protectors.
thousands of them, millions of them
inside the company, outside the company.
And so that's that's uh kind of the
future of uh the idea that that an AI
has to itself be good is good, but I
don't think we should rely on it. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so just like the idea that a piece
of software should be properly
functioning, we we like but the idea
that it could have bugs or you know it
could be a virus or whatever it is could
have it could be an intruder. We have to
assume and so we're going to we're going
to make AI advance as safely as
possible. Um but we're all going to also
surround AI with a lot of security AIS.
&gt;&gt; Hans, I didn't realize that 50% of AI
researchers were populated in China. If
China doesn't become reliant on
America's chip stack, how hard is it
going to be for the US to maintain its
dominance in the AI market with so much
talent in China chipping away to try and
catch up? And secondly, I thought the AI
cyber security take was super
interesting. Not something I've heard
before. I'm now imagining a million AI
agents surrounding companies or
sensitive government data sets. How soon
is it until you think that is a reality?
And do you have any other interesting
takes for the audience on that niche?
Well, the first thing that we have to
acknowledge is that it's just going to
be very unlikely that we're ever going
to get any significant amount of those
Chinese AI researchers back onto US
chips at this point. The embargo that we
placed on China and their ability to
purchase Nvidia GPUs over the last
couple years was a clear shot across the
bow of the CCP with components that they
acknowledge are actually key critical
infrastructure to their economy and to
the future of their national security.
Now that they fully recognize the
importance of these AI chips and they
also see that the US is willing to
withhold them from China, they are
heavily incentivized to jumpstart their
own in-house chip economy in order to
defend their national sovereignty when
it comes to artificial intelligence.
Just like we in the US are realizing
that we have to do the same for many
industrial processes and components like
rare earth magnets for example that
China has shown that they're willing to
withhold from the United States and that
we also realize is critical
infrastructure for our national
security. And so this is kind of a back
and forth game that is being played
between the US and China who are the two
leading world superpowers at this point
in time. And furthermore, I think
there's just a recognition by both the
United States and China that national
champion companies like Huawei, for
example, shouldn't be allowed to operate
critical infrastructure in the United
States. That's one of the reasons why we
have banned any use of Huawei's 5G
technology here. And then on the flip
side, I think this is one of the things
that China is realizing about AI is that
they don't really want to rely on Nvidia
chips, which they could also suspect
might have back doors built into them
that the United States security
apparatus could exploit in order to
undermine China as well. And so this
fierce security competition between the
United States and China really is
something that creates an environment
where it's just very difficult for the
Chinese market and the US market to
cooperate on a technology like this. And
the fact of the matter is that yes, this
actually is something that does make it
somewhat harder for the United States to
stay on top in AI because it does focus
a large portion of the AI research
community on a chip stack and a software
stack that is not necessarily based in
the United States. But with that said,
we do at least have the benefit that
China has really adopted an open-source
strategy because they are behind. And
this is a very common strategy that
exists within technology that the
leading player will be closed source and
the people trying to catch up will be
open- source. And so that's why Google
for example really opensource their
Android operating system while they were
trying to compete against Apple who had
their closed source operating system.
And so China is positioning themselves
similarly. They're really trying to
develop a lot of open- source AI and
facilitate a lot of collaboration across
all of the Chinese tech players in order
to really drive the pace of development
there in China. But one of the
downstream impacts of this strategy is
that it also allows the US to adopt a
lot of the learnings that are coming out
of the Chinese AI research community and
apply those learnings to our software
stack and potentially even our hardware
stack as well. But we also have to
remember that the battle for AI
supremacy isn't just about AI
researchers. It's also about markets.
And I think that's actually going to be
the more intense battlefield between the
United States and China when it comes to
AI. So while the US and China are each
very large markets and they also have a
very large number of the AI researchers
that are focused on these problems,
there are still lots of other countries
and stakeholders and customers around
the world who will need to be brought
into either the Chinese AI ecosystem or
the US AI ecosystem. And this is exactly
why it's been so good to see the Trump
administration pivot away from the Biden
administration's policies really
restricting AI chip exports to places
like the Middle East because we really
don't want to force them to join the
Chinese AI ecosystem just because we
refuse to sell them chips. There's a lot
of talent there. There's a lot of
capital there. There's a lot of
innovation happening in the Middle East
right now. And it is definitely better
for the United States in our long-term
security objectives for them to be doing
all of that work on American chips with
American software. I think the real easy
way to think about this is that AI
tokens are going to be the oil of the
new 21st century economy. And we would
really like to position American
companies to be the equivalent of Saudi
Aramco or OPEC in the next century. But
to do that, we're going to have to be
very careful about who we are willing to
exclude from being potential customers.
And we'll also have to be very careful
about the use cases that we're willing
to exclude as well. And this is going to
be a very fine line that we're going to
have to walk as a country as we try to
create the largest and most inclusive AI
ecosystem at the same time that we
safeguard our national security
interests. And that's one of the reasons
why it's critical that companies like
Nvidia and Google and AMD that are all
at the forefront of the US AI tech stack
and ecosystem really be in constant
dialogue with Washington DC and trying
to find the right set of tradeoffs that
are able to accomplish both of our
objectives which I think is a great
segue then to move into the cyber
security points. So, while I have to
admit that cyber security overall is a
long way outside of my wheelhouse, my
understanding is that companies like
Crowdstrike are actually already doing
exactly what Jensen was talking about,
which is one of the reasons why
Crowdstrike is one of the global leaders
in cyber security today. And then there
are lots of other cyber security
companies that are also working on this
technology. And in fact, I know that
Palunteer specifically facilitates
autonomous cyber security agents within
their AIP platform that are coupled with
and empowered by the ontology that
Palunteer has created within the foundry
and Gotham ecosystems for both
commercial and government customers. And
then for companies like Anderil who are
doing a lot of work in defense and AI
powered offensive and defensive
weaponry, you have to imagine that
autonomous AI cyber security agents are
a huge part of the overall work that
they have to do in order to secure their
platforms and their weapons on the
battlefield. So overall, this is a huge
growth sector for the economy. And as AI
gets to be more and more capable, we're
going to see more and more cyber
security threats emerge. But thankfully,
as Jensen mentioned, the cyber security
community around the world is
exceptional and they do collaborate
closely together. And so I do expect the
dynamic that we've seen play out over
the last decade to continue where the
number of people that are focused on
defending against cyber security threats
and the talent pool that's available to
that large number of defenders is
actually able to overcome the size and
skills of the malicious actors on
average. even though every now and then
there will be very unfortunate things
that do occur. And so this economic and
military warfare that really plays out
in the cyber security domain is actually
something that's driving AI development
towards an ecosystem of millions of AIs
who are competing and cooperating with
one another and with humans to
accomplish a whole host of objectives.
And that's one of the reasons why I
don't think we're anywhere close to
seeing a massive super AI emerge to rule
them all because there are so many
different players with so many different
interests who are all developing AI
agents in their own unique ways. And so
I expect to see just an immense amount
of competition in this area over the
next several decades and a lot of
creative destruction that will actually
oscillate between sometimes favoring
large players and then sometimes
favoring small upstarts as this
ecosystem matures. We're the only
company in the world today that you can
give a building, some power, and a blank
sheet of paper and we can create
everything within it.
&gt;&gt; All of the networking, all the switches,
all the CPUs, all the GPUs, you know,
all of the technology within that entire
factory we can build and we can and and
it all runs the the same software stack
from Nvidia. And because we we can
integrate like that, we can also move
extremely fast. So I could redesign the
next years, then re redesign the next
years, and every single year they're all
software compatible.
&gt;&gt; The benefit of software compatibility is
velocity. The reason why the PC was able
to move so fast was because they were
all Windows compatible. And and uh and
therefore uh by definition, if you're
compliant with the stack, you could
build chips as fast as you like. And so
we're now building AI factories as fast
as we like, at the limits of what's
physically possible. And so um and
because we're innovating at such
incredible scale and we're code
designing meaning we're changing
algorithms we're changing software we're
changing networking and CPUs and GPUs
all at the same time we break out of
Moore's laws limits which is as you know
slowing down and so generationally we
introduce performance levels by about 10
times. I mean it's an incredible level
of performance that we give to the
market every single every single year.
The reason why we do that is we believe
that
just around the horizon is a problem
that is so large you need um a larger
computer, faster computer on the one
hand. On the other hand, when we
increase performance at the same power,
we're decreasing your cost. And so our
we're driving cost down incredibly fast
which allows customers to do bigger
things which allows them to generate
more revenues uh from the same factory.
And so Nvidia's you know adoption today
is because we are both the highest
performance we're the highest scale and
so if you want giant systems you could
do so and we're the lowest cost. Our
performance is so high. You know, for
example, if your if your data center is
one gigawatt,
you're not going to get more than that.
Your one gigawatt. And so if our per per
watt our energy performance per unit of
energy used is three times.
Your company can generate three times
more revenues in that factory. That's
why I call that a factory.
&gt;&gt; It's not a data center. It's a factory.
They're making money from it. And and so
these AI factories
wants to keep driving the scale up. They
want to keep driving the revenues up.
They want to keep driving the throughput
up. And so that's the reason why we're
innovating so fast. It's it's hard to
keep up with us. And and um well, it
also explains why we're successful.
Whether it's the CPUs, the GPUs, or the
networking, Nvidia has a full stack
enabling plug-in and play for their
customers. And it's really starting to
become reminiscent of Apple's iOS.
Because Nvidia owns the full stack, they
are able to make changes and
improvements way faster than if other
elements were owned and controlled by
other companies. According to Elon Musk,
speed of iterations is hands down one of
the most important variables when
predicting tech winners. Because of
this, Nvidia has been able to improve
the performance of their ecosystem at a
staggering rate. We're seeing 10x
improvements. We're seeing Moore's law
thrown out the window. Hunts, how long
do you think this rate of improvement
can be maintained?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's very hard to know how long
Nvidia can sustain this pace for
certain, but that actually isn't
anything new for Nvidia. This is
actually part of their company DNA. And
this is a lesson that Jensen learned
independently from Elon back in the
early days of Nvidia in the 1990s when
they almost went bankrupt shortly after
the company got started. Nvidia's first
graphics chip, the NV1, actually found a
ton of commercial success, and it
catapulted them to a great position
within the graphics industry. But
several technical mistakes by Nvidia,
combined with some big market changes,
actually made the NV2 a completely
nonviable product that threatened to put
Nvidia out of business. And at that time
in the industry, chip development cycles
were closer to 24 months than 12. And
Nvidia found themselves with less than
nine months worth of runway and only a
few million dollars worth of cash before
the company went bankrupt. And it was
this cash and time crunch that actually
forced Jensen Wong and Nvidia to get
extremely creative as they threw one
last Hail Mary to develop the Reva 128
chip in a lastditch effort to save the
company. But necessity being the mother
of invention, it really forced the
NVIDIA team to go back to first
principles and see how they could
accelerate every part of the chip
development process. And through a
combination of sheer determination and
good fortune, they were actually able to
deliver the Revo 128 before running out
of cash, catapulting Nvidia from having
one of the worst GPU offerings on the
market to the very best basically
overnight. And it was this near-death
experience that actually ingrained this
culture into Nvidia and into Jensen Wong
that they actually call moving at the
speed of light. And that's how they talk
about having this extreme focus on pace
of innovation. And it's been an
inescapable part of the DNA of Nvidia
ever since. And you can actually see
this in subsequent releases of their
GPUs in the early 2000s where they were
actually releasing new generations of
GPUs every year with significant updates
and upgrades to those GPUs throughout
the calendar year which was a dramatic
acceleration of the pace of development
in GPUs at the time. Now obviously the
systems that Nvidia is designing and
building today are much more complex
than the original GPUs that they were
developing in the early 2000s. So
there's a lot more that goes into
developing a full end-to-end system that
can operate at the scale of an entire
data center, not just a single GPU or
even a single rack. And so this means
that Nvidia's new AI accelerators are
operating on roughly a 2-year cycle in
between generations with major midcycle
upgrades every year. And so all of that
is to say that the speed and scale of
pace of innovation that Nvidia is
executing with right now is really
unprecedented within the semiconductor
industry. And it's the combination of
these things that has allowed Jensen to
actually be able to preposition himself
in front of these big technology trends
and waves better than his competitors
and then to be able to stay on top of
them exceptionally well. And if we look
back just three years ago, both AMD and
Nvidia had roughly the same revenue in
the low $20 billion per year numbers.
This year, Nvidia will do over $220
billion worth of revenue, while AMD will
do just over 30. And so that means that
Nvidia has almost 10xed its revenues in
3 years, while AMD has only grown by
about 50%. So, while that relative
underperformance by AMD does present
them with a large opportunity to be able
to grow, it's also a resounding
testament to Jensen Wong and Nvidia's
ability to see the future accurately and
execute against that future at a
feverish pace, which is something I do
not foresee them slowing down on anytime
soon. Before we wrap, I have to say a
huge thank you to my co-host, David.
Besides being a great co-host with a
great accent, David has been one of the
key figures behind the scenes, helping
me to grow this channel from a thousand
to over 16,000 subscribers and to put
out regular shows that reach millions of
views every year. When he's not
moonlighting with me, he usually works
with businesses who want to leverage
YouTube to grow their online presence.
And he's looking to take on more. If you
want to get more clients and more brand
awareness for your business using
YouTube, I definitely recommend him. You
can book a free call with him using the
link in the description below.