Channel:     tesla
Title:       Tesla Q3 2025 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ9S7xbkGAY
Published:   2025-10-22 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 09:04 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey,
[Music]
hey, hey.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Wow.
[Music]
Hey. Hey.
Heat. Hey, Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey,
[Music]
hey, hey.
Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
Black.
[Music]
Hey. Hey.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
[Music]
Hey,
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Hey,
[Music]
hey, hey.
[Music]
Hey, hey, hey.
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Music]
Good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's third quarter 2025 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axelrod, head of
investor relations, and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk, Vebov Teneza, and a number
of other executives. Our Q3 results were
announced at about 3 p.m. Central time
in the update deck we published at the
same link as this webcast. During this
call, we will discuss our business
outlook and make forward-looking
statements. These comments are based on
our predictions and expectations as of
today. actual events or results could
differ materially due to a number of
risks and uncert
uncertainties, including those mentioned
in our most recent filings with the SEC.
We urge shareholders to read our
definitive proxy statement, which
contains important information about the
matters to be voted on at the 2025
annual meeting.
During the question and answer portion
of today's call, please limit yourself
to one question and one follow-up.
Please use the raise hand button to join
the question queue. Before we jump into
Q&amp;A, Elon has some opening remarks.
Elon,
&gt;&gt; thank you. We're
we're at a critical inflection point for
Tesla and our strategy going forward as
we bring AI into the real world. Um, I
think it's important to emphasize that
Tesla really is the leader in real world
AI. Uh, no one can do what we can do
with real world AI. Um, I have pretty
good insight into AI in general. I think
that Tesla has the highest intelligence
density of any AI out there in the car.
Um, and that is only going to get
better.
Um, and we're really just at the
beginning of scaling at a at a quite
massively full self-driving and robo
taxi and fundamentally changing the
nature of transport. I think people just
don't don't quite appreciate the degree
to which this will uh take off. um
where that it's honestly it's going to
be like a shock wave. Um so
it's it's a
you cuz the cars are all out there.
there. You know, there are millions of
cars out there that with a software
update become
um full self-driving cars and um and you
know, we're making
a couple million a year um and and in
fact with the advent of w with with what
we see now as as a clarity on
achieving full self-driving,
unsupervised full self-driving I should
say, um I feel confident Ident in
expanding Tesla's production. Um, so
that is that is our intent to expand as
quickly as we can our future production.
Um, so I was I was reticent to do that
until we had clarity on on
achieving uh unsupervised full
self-driving. But at this point I I feel
like we've got clarity and it it makes
sense to
um expand production as as fast as we
reasonably can.
uh we're also making huge uh um
making huge impact on the energy sector
with uh with battery storage. So with
both the power wall um and especially
with the mega pack uh we are
dramatically improving the ability to um
generate more energy from the grid. Let
me sort of talk a little bit about that
which is if if you look at total US
energy um capability for example there's
roughly a terowatt of of continuous
power available in the US but the
average usage over a 24-hour cycle is
only half a terowatt because of the big
difference between day and night usage.
Um, if you buffer the buffer the energy
with batteries, you can effectively
double the energy output in the United
States just with batteries building no
incremental power plants. Um, and it's
very difficult to build power plants.
So, uh, they take a long time. There's a
lot of permitting and it's not an
industry that's used to moving fast. So
we see the potential there for Tesla
battery packs uh to greatly improve the
um the energy output per year for any
given grid US or otherwise.
Um, we're also on the cusp of of
something really tremendous with
Optimus, um, which I think
uh, is likely to be or has potential to
be the biggest product of all time. Um,
and, uh,
it's it's a a difficult project. Um, and
it's worth noting that it's not like
it's just automatic. Um I'm unaware of
any robot program by uh Ford or GM or
you know by US sort of car companies.
People like I think maybe think of Tesla
as as a car company. We mostly make cars
um and battery packs. Uh but uh
so it's not like it's not just like an
obvious wall of a log thing to make
Optimus but but we do have the
ingredients um with of real world AI
um and exceptional electrical mechanical
engineering capabilities
um and the ability to scale production
which I don't think anyone else has all
of those ingredients.
Um
so
uh yeah with
with with version 14 of the uh of
self-driving which people you can see
the reactions of of people online um
they're quite amazed. Um actually anyone
in the US can get uh version 14 if they
just uh go and select uh I want the
advanced software in their car. So, if
if you're listening right now and you'd
like to try it out, just uh go in um in
settings and say I want the advanced
software and you will get version 14. Um
and uh yeah, so
uh on the Mega front, we we we unveiled
Mega Blok, Mega Pac 3. Um we also have
exciting plans for Mega Pac 4. uh Mega
Pac 4 will incorporate uh a lot of the
um
uh a lot of what is normally in a
substation uh and be able to output uh
at uh
probably 35 kilovolts uh directly. So
this this greatly improves our ability
to deploy Megapac because it's not
dependent on building uh a substation up
through 35 KB for mega pack 4. So that
that'll be
that that's the that's the engineering
priority for um MegaPAC. Um
and uh we look forward to unveiling
Optimus V3
um you know probably in Q1. I think
it'll be ready for
uh to show off and uh that that I think
is going to be quite remarkable. um
if you it won't even seem like a robot.
It'll seem like a person in a robot
suit, which is kind of how we started
off with Optimus.
Um but it it'll seem so real that you'll
need to like poke it, I think, to
believe that it's actually a robot.
Um
and and obviously like the the real
world intelligence we're devel we've
developed for the car. Um most of that
transfers to Optimus. So it's a it's a
very good starting point.
Um in conclusion uh we're excited about
the you know updated mission of Tesla
which is sustainable abundance. Um so
going beyond sustainable energy to say
sustainable abundance is the mission
where uh we we believe with
uh with Optimus and self-driving
um
that uh you can actually create a world
where there is no poverty uh where
everyone has access to the finest
medical care. Um
like Optimus will be an incredible
surgeon for example. Um and imagine if
everyone had access to an incredible
surgeon.
Um
so so I I think there's
you know of course we need make sure
Optimus is safe and everything but but I
I do think we're headed for a world of
sustainable abundance and that I'm
excited to work with the Tesla team to
make that happen.
Great. Thank you very much, Elon. Uh,
Vebup also has some opening remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Travis. Q3 was a special quarter
at multiple levels. We set new records
not just for deliveries and deployments,
but also around a range of financial
metrics from total revenues, energy
gross profit, energy margins to fresh
free cash flow.
This was the result of continued
confidence of our customers in our
products and the relentless efforts by
the Tesla team. The strength and
deliveries was attributed to strong
performance across all regions. Greater
China and APAC were up sequentially 33
and 29% respectively. North America was
up 28% while AMIA was up 25%. The pace
in deliveries was the function of
continued excitement around the new
Model Y. We had previously talked about
2025 being the year of the Y and have
since delivered on that promise with the
new Model Y released in Q1 followed by
Model Y long wheelbase and performance
and more recently Standard Y in North
America and AMIA.
We're now operating a robot taxi in two
markets, Austin and most Bay Area
cities. We've already expanded our
coverage area in Austin three times
since the initial launch and are on pace
to continue expanding further. Unlike
our competitors, our robotaxi fleet
blends in the markets we operate in
since they don't have extra sensor sets
or peripherals which make them stick
out. This is an underappreciated aspect
of our current vehicle offerings which
are all designed for autonomous driving.
We feel that as experience uh as people
experience the supervised FSD at scale,
the demand for our vehicles like Elon
said would increase significantly.
On the FSD adaption front, we we've
continued to see decent progress.
However, note that total paid FSD
customer base is still small, around 12%
of our current fleet. We're moving we're
working with regulators in places like
China and AMIA to obtain approvals. so
that we can get FSD in those regions as
well. Now covering a little bit on the
financial side, automotive revenues
increased 29% sequentially in line with
the growth in deliveries. While
regulatory credits declined
sequentially, we entered into new
contracts and continued delivery on
previously entered contracts.
Our automotive margins excluding credits
increased marginally from 15% to 15.4.
before which was attributed to
improvements in material cost and better
fixed cost absorption due to higher
volumes.
The energy storage business continued to
deliver with record deployments, gross
profit and margins. As discussed before,
this business has a bigger impact from
tariffs as measured by percentage of
COGS since currently all sales procured
are from China while we're still working
on other alternatives.
However, as uh the ramp of mega factory
Shanghai is happening, this is helping
us avoid tariffs because we are using
this factory to supply the non US
demand.
Like Elon said, you know, grids scale
storage. The only way we can get to
electricity fastest is by using storage.
The other thing to keep in mind is we
are seeing headwinds in this business
given the increase in competition and
tariffs. The total tariff impacts for Q3
for both businesses was in excess of 400
million generally split evenly between
them.
Services and other demonstrated a marked
improvement sequentially. This was a
function of improvements primarily in
our insurance and service center
businesses. Note that while small, our
robo taxi costs are included within
services and other along with our other
businesses like paid supercharging, used
car, parts and merchandise sales, etc.
Our operating expenses increase
sequentially.
The largest increase included in
restructuring and other related to
certain actions undertaken to reduce
cost and improve efficiency through
convergence of our AR AI chip design
efforts. Additionally, we incurred legal
expenses related to proceedings in
certain legal cases as well as
incremental cost incurred in preparation
for a shareholder meeting. Such costs
are recorded within SGNA.
Further, our employee related spend is
increasing especially in R&amp;D as we have
recently granted various
performance-based equity awards to
employees working on AI initiatives and
therefore such spend will continue to
increase going forward.
on other income. Uh our other income
decreased sequentially primarily from
locktomarket adjustments on BTC holdings
which was much smaller gain of 80
million in Q3 versus 284 million in Q2
with the rest of the movement
attributable to FX movements in the
quarter.
Our free cash flow for the quarter was
approximately 4 billion which was yet
another record. Our total cash and
investments at the end of the quarter
were over 41 billion.
On the capex front, while we are
expecting to be around 9 billion for the
current year, we're projecting the
numbers to increase substantially in
2026 as we prepare the company for the
next phase of growth in terms of not
just our existing businesses, but our
bets around AI initiatives, including
Optimus.
In conclusion, note that bringing AI
into real world is hard, but we have
never shied away from doing what is
hard. We're extremely excited about the
future and are laying down the
foundation, the benefits of which will
be realized over years to come. I would
like to end by thanking the Tesla team,
our customers, our investors and
supporters for the continued belief in
us.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Vebov. Now, let's
go to investor questions from say.com.
The first question is, what are the
latest robo taxi metrics, fleet size,
cumulative miles, rides completed,
intervention rates, and when will safety
drivers be removed? What are the
obstacles still preventing unsupervised
FSD from being deployed to customer
vehicles?
&gt;&gt; I'll I'll start off with that and then
Sh can elaborate. Um but uh we we are
expecting to
have uh no safety drivers in uh at least
um large parts of Austin by the end of
this year. So within a few months uh we
expect to have no safety drivers um at
all um in at least in parts of Austin.
We're obviously being very cautious
about the deployment. So um so our goal
is to be actually be paranoid about
deployment because obviously even one
accident will be front page headline
news worldwide. So um you know it's
better for us to take a cautious
approach here. Um but we do expect to
have no no safety drivers in the car um
in Austin uh in within a few months. I
think that's perhaps the most important
uh data point. And then we we do expect
to be uh operating robo taxi in
uh I think about uh 8 to 10 metro areas
by the end of the year. Um you know it
depends on various regulatory approvals.
Um and um but you you can actually I
think most of our regulatory
applications are online. You can kind of
see them uh because they're they're
public information. Um but we expect to
be oper operating in Nevada and Florida
and Arizona um by the end of the year.
Um sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we continue to operate our um
fleet in Austin without anyone in the
driver's seat and we have covered more
than a quarter million miles um with
that. And then in the Bay Area where we
still have a person in the driver's seat
because of the regulations we cross more
than a million miles. Um so and we
continue to see that the fleet um robot
XCI fleet works really well. Customers
are really happy um and there's no
notable issues on the customer uh side.
We have customers have used FS
supervised for a total of 6 billion
miles um as of yesterday. Um so that's
like a big milestone. Uh and overall the
safety continues to be very good and as
Elon mentioned we are on um on track to
remove the person from inside the car
altogether. Uh starting with Austin.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh the next question is what is
the demand uh and backlog for mega power
wall solar or energy storage systems
with the current AI boom? Is Tesla
planning to supply power to other
hyperscalers?
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Um demand for me and Power Wall
continues to be really strong into next
year. We we received very strong u
positive customer feedback on our Mega
Mega Block product which will begin
shipping next year out of Houston.
And we're seeing remarkable growth in in
the demand for AI and data center
applications as hyperscalers and
utilities have seen the versatility of
the mega product to increase reliability
and receive and relieve grid constraints
as Elen was talking about. We we've also
seen a surge in residential solar demand
in the US due to policy changes which we
expect to continue into the first half
of 2026 as we introduced a new solar
lease product. And we also began
production of our Tesla residential
solar panel in our Buffalo factory and
we will be shipping that to customers
starting Q1. The panel has
industry-leading aesthetics and shade
performance and demonstrates our
continued commitment to US
manufacturing.
Great. Uh thank you Mike. Um
unfortunately the next question is
related to future products. Uh this is
not the appropriate venue to cover that
so we're going to have to skip it. Um
the question after that is what are the
present challenges in bringing optimist
to market? Considering app control
software, engineering hardware, training
general mobility models, training task
specific models, training voice models,
implementing manufacturing and
establishing supply chains.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean bringing office optimist to
market is is an incredibly difficult
task to be clear. It's it's not like
some walk in the park. um at at some
point. I mean at this actually
technically Optimus can walk in the park
right now. Um we and we do have Optimus
robots that walk around our offices uh
at our engineering headquarters in
PaloAlto, California uh basically 24
hours a day, 7 days a week. Um, so any
visitors that come by, you actually um
you can you can stop to stop one of the
Optimus robots and uh ask it to take you
somewhere and it'll literally take you
to that meeting room or that location in
the building. Um so um I don't want to
downplay the difficulty of this. It's a
it's an incredibly difficult thing,
especially it's difficult to create a um
a hand that is as dextrous and capable
as the human hand, which is an
incredible the human hand is an
incredible thing. Um that the more you
study the human hand, the more
incredible you realize the human hand
is. And and why you need five, you know,
four fingers and a thumb, why the why
the fingers have certain degrees of move
of freedom. um you know why why the the
various muscles are of different
strengths um the fingers are of
different lengths um and uh it turns out
actually that that all that those are
all there for a reason um and uh so
making making it that the hand and and
forearm because most the most of the
actuator just like the human hand the
the muscles of that control your hand
are actually primarily in your forearm.
Um, the Optimus hand and forearm is an
incredibly difficult engineering
challenge. Um, it's I'd say it's a more
difficult than the rest of from an
electro mechanical standpoint, the
forearm and hand are is more difficult
than the entire rest of the robot. Um,
so uh but really in order to have a a a
useful generalized robot, you you do
need this you do need an incredible hand
and uh and you need the real world AI.
Um,
and you need to be able to scale up that
production
um to have it be relevant because it's
not relevant if it's just a few hundred
robots. Um, but so you need to be able
to make uh Optimus robots at volumes
comparable to vehicles um if not
significantly higher. Um
so uh trying to make a million or
something per year trying to make a
million Optimus robots per year that
manufacturing challenge is immense
considering that the supply chain
doesn't exist. So with with cars you've
got an existing supply chain. With
computers you've got an existing supply
chain. With uh with a humanoid robot
there is no supply chain. Um so in order
to to manufacture that Tesla actually
has to be very vertically integrated uh
and manufacture
um
very deep into the supply chain
manufacture the parts internally because
there just is no supply chain. Um,
so, uh, this is this is the kind of
thing where I'm like, if I put myself in
the position of a startup trying to make
an a humanoid robot, I'm like, I don't
know how to do it without, um, an an
immense amount of manufacturing
technology. Um
so that's that's why I think like
Tesla's in some almost a unique I think
I think unique position when you
consider manufacturing technology
scaling um real world AI and the and and
a truly dextrous hand. Uh those are the
generally the things that are missing
when you read about um other robots that
they just don't have those three things.
Um so no I think we can achieve all
those things those those three things
with an immense amount of work. Um
and um and that that is that is the game
plan.
So, um,
you know, my like like my,
you know, fundamental concern with
regard to
how much voting control I have at Tesla
is if I go ahead and build this enormous
robot army, can I just be ousted at some
point in the future? Um, that's my
biggest concern. if I that's that that
is the the that is really the only thing
I'm trying to address with with this uh
so what's called compensation but it's
not like I'm going to go expend the
money it's just
if we build this robot army um do I have
at least uh a strong influence over that
robot on the not not control but a
strong influence that's that's what it
comes down to in a nutshell um like I
don't feel comfortable building that
robot on me if I don't have at least a
strong influence
Great. Thank you. Uh we've already
covered robo taxi expansion. Um
unfortunately the question after that is
another future product question. So
we're going to have to skip that. Um the
next one though is can you update us on
the $6.5 billion Samsung chip deal in
Taylor? Given the importance of
semiconductors to autonomy in Tesla's
AIdriven future, what gives you
confidence Samsung can fulfill AI6 at
Tesla's timelines and achieve relatively
better yields and cost versus TS TSMC?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so I'm I'm going to give quite a
long answer to this question because
it's because uh I have to unpack this
question and then and then answer the
unpacked version. Um, so, u, first of
all, um, I have nothing but great things
to say about Samsung. They're an amazing
company. Um, and Samsung, it is worth
noting, um, does manufacture, um, our
AI4 computer and does a great job doing
that. Um so
um now w with the the AI5
um and here's I I I need to make a point
of clarification relative to some
comments I've made publicly uh before
which is we're actually going to focus
both TSMC and Samsung initially on AI5.
So, um the the AI5 chip design by Tesla
is I I think it's an amazing design.
Um
I have spent almost every weekend for
last
last few months uh with the chip design
team working on AI5
and
I don't hand out praise easily but I
have to say that I think I think the
Tesla chip team is is really designing
an incredible chip here. This is by some
metrics the AI5 chip will be 40 times
better than the AI4 chip. Not 40% 40
times.
Um because we we have a detailed
understanding of the entire software and
hardware stack. So we're designing the
hardware to uh address all of the pain
points in software. Uh, so I don't think
there there really isn't anyone that's
doing this the the entire stack um all
the way through real world uh you know
calibrating against the real world where
you've got cars and robots in real world
that like we we know what the chip needs
to do and we know what just as
importantly we know what the chip does
doesn't need to do.
um you know to sort of give you some
examples here um with the AI5 we we
deleted the um the legacy GPU or the the
traditional GPU which is it it's in AI4
um but AI5 does not have um
we just just deleted the the legacy GPU
because it basically is a GPU um so uh
we also deleted the image signal
processor. Um and
uh there's like a long list of actually
of deletions that are very important. Um
as a result of these deletions, we can
actually fit AI5
uh in a half reticle. Um, and w with
with with good margin for the traces
from the memory to the the the trip the
Tesla trip accelerators
um the ARM the ARM CPU cores um and um
and the PCI X sort of uh
the PCI blocks. So uh
this this is a beautiful chip. Um
I've poured so much life energy into
this show personally. Um and I'm I'm
confident this will be this is going to
be a winner next level. Um so it makes
sense to have uh both Samsung and TSMC
focus on AI5. Um
and so even like the technically the
Samsung FAP has slightly more advanced
equipment than the TSMC FAB. These will
both be made in um in the US that in one
TSMC in Arizona, Samsung in Texas. Um
and uh but but it's uh it we're going to
make starting off just to be confident
of having our our goal explicit goal is
to have an over supply of AI5 chips. Um
because if if we if we have too many AI5
chips for the cars and and and robots,
we we can always put them in the data
center.
So we already use AI4
uh for for training in in our data
center. So we use a combination of AI
full and uh NVIDIA hardware. Um
so um
we're not about to replace NVIDIA to be
clear, but but but we do use both in
combination. um AI4 and Nvidia hardware
and the AI5 excess production we can
always put in in our data centers. Um
you know Nvidia keeps it keeps improving
um that the challenge that they have is
that they've got to satisfy a large
range a lot of requirements from a lot
of customers but Tesla only has to
satisfy requirements from one customer
with Tesla. that that makes the design
job radically easier and means we we can
delete um uh a lot of complexity from
the chip. Like I can't emphasize how
important this is. Um so like when you
look at the various logic blocks in the
chip um as you increase the number of
logic blocks you also increase the uh
interconnections between the logic
blocks. So you can think of it like um
you know just highways like how many
highways do you need to connect the
various parts of the chip? Um, and
especially if you're not sure h how much
data is going to go between uh each uh
you know uh logic block on the chip,
then you you kind of end up having giant
highways going all over the place. Um
it's a very it like it becomes an almost
impossibly difficult uh design problem
and Nvidia's done an amazing job of
dealing with almost an impossibly
difficult set of requirements. Um but in
our case we we we're going for radical
simplicity. Um and the net effect is
that I I I think AI5 will be the best
performance per watt. Um maybe by a
factor of two or three um and the best
performance per dollar for AI maybe by a
factor of 10.
So you know that's
uh you know we we'll have to the proof's
in the pudding. So obviously we need to
actually get this chip made um and made
at scale. Uh but that's what it looks
like.
Great. Thank you, Elon. Uh we've already
covered uh unsupervised FSD. Um so the
next question is instead of trying to
replace hardware 3 with hardware 4, why
not give an equal incentive to trade in
for a new vehicle?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've not completely given on upon
hardware 3. However, over the last year,
we've offered the customers the option
to transfer FSD to their new vehicle,
which which at times we've been running
some promotions. If if they got FSD,
they can get better preferential rates.
So, we've been definitely taking care of
this, but we do want to solve autonomy
first and then we'll come back with a
way to take care of these customers.
These customers are very important. They
were the early adapters. For what it's
worth, my daily commuter is a hardware
three car which I use FSD on a daily
basis. So we will definitely take care
of you guys.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; In addition, um once the V14 release
series is fully done, we are planning on
working on a V14 light version for
hardware 3 probably expected in Q2 uh
next year.
Awesome.
Thanks, Ashoke. All righty. Um, our
final question from Se is, uh, how long
until we see self-driving Tesla
semi-truckss? Uh, and could you see this
technology replacing trains?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I guess I'll start with that
in terms of the semi uh, production plan
and schedule. So, the factory is is
going on schedule. We've, you know,
completed the building and are
installing the equipment now. Um, we've
got our fleet of validation trucks uh
driving on the road. We'll have larger
builds towards the end of this year and
then our first online builds in the
first part of next year. Uh, ramping
into, you know, the Q2 timing with real
volume coming the back half of the year.
Um, so that's going quite well and and
that's the first step obviously getting
autonomous uh trucks on the road. Um, in
terms of trains, you know, they're
really great for long pointto-oint
deliveries. are super efficient, but you
know that last mile, the load unload uh
can be better served for shorter
distances with autonomous semis and that
would be great and so we do expect that
to probably shift in as we you know
really as Elon said change the way
transportation is considered um and so
we're looking forward to that timeline
and Ashok I know you uh can can take the
the full self-driving part. Currently
the team is like super focused on uh
solving for passenger vehicle autonomy.
That said the same technology will uh
extend quite easily to the semmit truck
once we have a little bit of data from
the semmit trucks.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh and now we will move over to
analyst questions. Uh the first question
comes from Emanuel uh at Wolf. Emanuel,
please go ahead and unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh thanks so much. Uh hi
everybody. Um so Elon, you talked about
um expanding production of vehicles as
fast as possible now that you have
confidence in the unsupervised autonomy.
Um how should we think about that in the
context of your existing capacity of 3
million units? Um is that um where
you're hoping to get volume to? What
sort of timeline are we talking about?
And uh would this require you know some
level of uh boosting or incentivizing
demand? Like would this basically be
prioritizing volume over near-term
profitability given the longerterm
opportunity?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh our capacity isn't quite 3
million. Um but uh it it it will be 3
million at some point. Um, you know,
aspirationally, you know, it could be 3
million within we could probably hit an
annualized rate of 3 million within 24
months, I think. Um, maybe less than 24
months. Um, bearing in mind like there's
there's an entire like supply chain like
a vast supply chain that's got to also
move in tandem with that. Um, so but
we're gonna we're we're going to expand
uh production as fast as as uh as as as
we can. Um as fast as our suppliers can
can um
can sort of keep up with it. Um and then
we got to think about uh where do we
build incremental factories uh beyond
that. Um like the single biggest uh
expansion in production will be the the
Cyber Cap which starts production um in
Q2 next year. Um that's uh that's really
a vehicle that's optimized for full
autonomy. Uh it in fact does not have a
steering wheel or pedals. Um and is
really um an engineering optimization on
minimizing cost per like fully
considered cost per mile of operation.
Um, so that's, you know, we for for the
other for the for our other vehicles,
there's still they still have a little
bit of the horseless carriage thing
going on where, you know, obviously
you've got if you're still if you've got
steering wheels and pedals and um and
and you're designing a car that uh
people might want to go, you know, very
do right fast acceleration and tight
cornering like high performance car, you
know, cars, then you're going to design
a different car than one that is
optimized for a comfortable ride um but
doesn't expect to go, you know, past
sort of 85 or 90 mph. Um, and it's it's
just aiming for a gentle ride the whole
time. That's what cyber cap is. Um,
so, um,
yeah. So, so it's
do I think we'll sacrifice margins? Uh,
I don't think so. Um, I think the demand
will be pretty nutty. Um, like here's
the here's the killer app. Really, what
it comes down to is can you text? Can
you text while you're in the car? And if
you tell someone, yes, the the car is
now so good, you can you can you can be
on your phone uh and text the entire
time while you're in the car. It's
anyone who can buy the car will buy the
car and and a story.
Um so um that's what everybody wants to
do. In fact, not everyone wants to do
it. They do do that. And that's why in
fact the reason you've seen like that
there's been an uptick in accidents uh
pretty much worldwide is because people
are texting and driving. Um so uh
autopilot actually dramatically improves
the safety here. Um because if
somebody's looking down at their phone,
they're not driving very well. Um so
that's that's really the the game
changer. Um and uh
you know we we do see like at this point
I feel
you know essentially 100% confident I
say not essentially 100% confident that
we can set that we can solve
unsupervised full self-driving at a
safety level um much greater than human.
Um
uh so we've released 14.1. We've got a
technology road map that's I think
pretty amazing. We'll be adding
reasoning to the car. Uh uh our world
simulator for sim for reinforcement
learning is is pretty incredible. like
our like our when you see that the Tesla
reality simulator um it's you can't tell
the difference between the video that's
generated by the Tesla reality simulator
and the the actual video looks exactly
the same. Um so that that that allows us
to um have a very powerful reinforcement
learning loop uh to further improve the
Tesla AI. we're we're going to be in
increasing the parameter count by an
order of magnitude. Um that that's not
in 14.1. Um there are also a number of
other improvements to the AI just um
that that are that are quite radical. Um
so it's uh
this car will feel like it is a living
creature. That's how good the the AI
will get with the AI4 computer. This is
before AI5 and then and then AI5 like I
said is by some metrics 40 40 times
better. Um let's just say safely it's a
10x improvement. Um
so it might almost be too much
intelligence for a car. I do wonder like
how much intelligence should you have in
a car? It might get bored. Um
actually um and then one of the things I
thought like well if we got all these
cars that maybe are bored well why
they're while they're sort of if they
are bored we we could actually have a
giant distributed inference fleet and
say like well if they're not actively
driving let's just have a giant
distributed inference fleet.
um you know at some point if if you've
got like tens of millions of cars in the
fleet or maybe at some point 100 million
cars in the fleet um and um
let's say they had at at that point you
know u
I don't know uh a kilowatt of inference
capability of you know high performance
inference capability that's 100 gawatts
of inference
distributed
with with power and cooling taken with
with with cooling and and power
conversion taken care of.
So
that seems like a pretty significant
asset.
Great. Thanks Elon. Uh the next question
comes from Adam uh from Morgan Stanley.
Adam, please feel free to unmute
yourself.
Uh, Adam, go ahead and ask your
question.
Seems like we might be having some audio
issues with Adam. Uh, so we'll come back
to you. Um, the next question will then
come from Dan uh from Barclays.
&gt;&gt; Hi, good evening. Thank you for uh
taking uh the question. Um Elon, I I
know that uh Tesla's really focused on
with master plan 4 bringing AI into the
physical world and I think we've seen
over the past, you know, this
willingness for Tesla to engage and and
go into new markets, new TAMs. So when
you think about the growth prospects,
how do we define the areas that are
really within Tesla's core competency
versus where do you draw the line for
markets or AI applications that are
outside of Tesla's core competency?
&gt;&gt; Um, actually I'm not sure what you mean
by a AI applications outside of Tesla's
core competency. Um but uh I we we kind
of we didn't have any of these core
competencies when we started you know um
so it's like we had zero core
competencies total competency of zero
actually um so I mean you can think of
Tesla as like I don't know a dozen
startups in one company um
you know and and uh I've initiated every
one of those startups so it's uh you
used to make battery packs say
stationary battery packs but now we do
we make them for the home make them for
you know utility scale with power wall
mega pack uh we created the supercharger
network globally uh no no one else has
created a global supercharge network in
fact North American supercharge network
is so good at that that basically that
every other manufacturer in North
America has converted to our standard um
and uses our the Tesla supercharger
network um but if it was so easy, why
don't they just do it? Um, and uh, the
chip design team um, started that from
scratch. The Tesla AI software team was
soldered from scratch. Um, I literally
just say, "Hey, we're going to start
this thing." I posted on Twitter now X
and then, you know, join us if you'd
like to build it. Um in fact uh Ashok
was I believe the first person I
interviewed for the Tesla autopilot team
which we now call Tesla AI software team
which because it is the AI software team
um
so you know it's core companies
competency is created while you wait um
and um
you know Optimus at scale it is the
infinite money glitch it's like this is
a
It's difficult to express the magnitude
of like if you've got um
something that like that
like if Optimus I think probably achieve
5x the productivity of a person per year
because it can operate 24/7. Um it
doesn't even need to charge. It can
operate it tethered. Uh so it's it's
plugged in the whole time. Um
and um
what so it that's that's why I call it
like if you're true of sustainable
abundance
um where working will be optional. You
know there's there's a limit to how much
how much AI can do in terms of enhancing
the productivity of humans. Um but there
is not really a limit to
uh AI that is embodied.
That's why I called the infinite money
glitch.
I mean one thing which I'll further add
is I mean people forget like our first
iteration of autopilot was 10 years
back. So you know Elon had started this
way back in the day.
&gt;&gt; We got the twist to prove it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And then even even on the
optimist side right as much as people
think okay this is a new thing I still
remember was it four plus years back we
were in a finance meeting with Elon and
Elon said hey our car is a robot on
wheels and that's where we we started
developing in fact most of the
engineering team which is working on
Optimus has come from the vehicle side
and that's why you know when we talk
about manufacturing proess
we have the wherewithal because the same
engineers who worked in the back in the
day on drive units are working on
actuators now. So that's where we can do
if there is any company which can do it
at scale that is going to be us.
&gt;&gt; But we we also have actually added a lot
of new engineers as well to the team. So
there's actually uh a lot of the credit
for the Optimus engineering is is
actually also new new engineers many of
them that are just out of college
actually.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so uh the optimist engineering
uh team is a very talented engineering
team. Um I'd say like wow actually. So
um and uh you know the Optimus reviews
at this point are there's the the
engineering review um and then there's
the manufacturing review being done it's
simult simultaneously
um with an iter iterative loop between
engineering design and and manufacturing
because then we see we we we design
something and we say like oh man that's
really difficult to make we need to
change that design to make it easier to
manu manufacturer. Um, so we've made
radical improvements to the design of
Optimus um, while increasing the
functionality but making it actually
possible to manufacture. Like I'd say
Optimus 2 is almost impossible to
manufacture frankly. Um, but um, to
point we've gone from uh, you know, a
person in a robot outfit to uh, what
what people have seen with Optimus 2.5
where it's doing kung fu. um you know it
was like Optimus was at the uh at the
Tron premiere um doing kung fu you know
just out in the open you know like with
Jared Leto
like there wasn't uh nobody was
controlling it was just doing kung fu
with Jared Leto uh you know at the Tron
premiere um you can see the videos
online um and um actually the funny
thing is like a lot of people walked
past it uh thinking it is uh just a
person even though with Optimus
uh 2.5 you can see that it has you know
a waist that's 3 in wide that was
obviously not a human. Um so
uh but but the movements were so
humanlike that people didn't realize a
lot of people didn't realize they were
looking at a robot. So
um
and what I'm saying is like Optimus 3
will be a giant improvement on that um
animated scale. Um but like said a very
difficult thing. Um you know the the
Optimus uh sort of engineering and man
manufacturing reviews and there's the
Friday night meeting with Optimus which
sometimes goes till midnight. Um and
then my Saturday meeting is is with the
is is the Saturday afternoon is with the
the AI five chip design team. Um
so um those two things are uh crucial to
the future of the company.
&gt;&gt; Dan, did you have a followup? Yeah, just
as a related maybe you could just talk
about to what extent are the AI efforts
at Tesla and XAI complimentary or are
they just different forms of AI? Maybe
you could just help distinguish for the
audience. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there are different forms of AI.
Um, so
the
you know the
the XI so Grock is like a a giant model
that that uh you could not you could not
possibly squeeze Grock uh onto a car.
That's for sure. It is a giant beast of
a model. It's with Grock, it's trying to
say solve for artificial general
intelligence with a massive amount of AI
training compute and and inference
compute. Um, so for example, Gro 5 will
actually only run effectively on a
GV300. That's that's how much of a beast
that Gro 5 is. uh um so uh you know
whereas Tesla's uh
you know models are I don't know maybe
about less than 10% the size maybe
closer to 5% the size of of of Grog um
so yeah they're they're they're really
coming at the problem from very
different um angles
um XA and Grock are are you know they're
competing with um
uh you know Google Gemini and Open Chat
GBT and that kind of thing. Um so um and
some of it's complimentary. You for
example for Grock voice uh being able to
interact with Grock in the car is cool.
Um Grock uh for you know Optimus voice
recognition and a voice generation uh is
Grock. So that's that's helpful there.
But they are uh coming at it from kind
of opposite ends of the spectrum.
&gt;&gt; All righty. Um Adam, let's give it
another try. Uh when you're ready,
please unmute yourself for the next
question.
All righty. Unfortunately, uh still
having audio issues. So we're going to
move on to uh Walt from Lightshed.
Walt, please go ahead and unmute
yourself.
&gt;&gt; Can you hear me now?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. Um
um just getting back to Austin, if if
you can remove the safety driver at your
end, um is the limitation the Bay Area
just regulatory or is it kind of the
market bymarket learning process? And I
guess similarly in the 8 to 10 markets
that you mentioned to get added, is the
decision there to put, you know, a
safety attendant in the passenger seat
or the safety driver in is that like
your step-by-step process to opening up
a market or is it really just the
regulation in the individual market?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's I think I think even if the
regulators weren't making us do it, we'd
still do that as the as the sort of
right sort of cautious approach to a new
market. So, just to make sure that we're
being, you know, paranoid about safety,
uh, I think it makes sense to have a
sort of
a sort of either a safety driver or
safety occupant in the car. Um, when we
first go to new markets to just to
confirm that there's not something we're
missing. Um, because all it takes is
like one in 10,000 trips to go wrong and
and you've got you've got an issue. So,
um it's it just to make sure like is is
there some peculiarity about a city like
a very difficult intersection um or I
don't know something that's that's an
unexpected challenge uh in in a city uh
for that one in 10,000 situation. Um so
um
I think we we probably could just let it
loose in the in this in these cities,
but we just don't want we don't want to
take a chance. And and and like you know
what we're talking about here is um you
know maybe 3 months of safety driver in
in a new metro to confirm that it's good
and then we take the safety driver out
that that kind of thing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. And then on on FSD14,
it has a different feel than 13 and it's
also I think a little different than
what it feels like in Austin. Are you is
it basically different development paths
path that you're doing in terms of the
robo taxi stuff versus what you're
dropping to the early adopters? And when
you and when you push these new builds,
is it that you're you're looking for
notable improvements in intervention
rates? um or is that largely solved and
it's more about adding the functionality
like the parking, the drive modes or
just the overall comfort?
&gt;&gt; No, the first priority when we release a
a major new software architecture for
autopilot is safety. So, so it's it
starts off with safety, you know,
obviously safety prioritized and then
we've and then we solve comfort
thereafter, which is why I don't
recommend people take the the initial
version like like that's why I say like
you know most people should wait until
14.2
for before they actually download uh
version 14. Um because by 14.2 we will
have addressed many of the comfort
issues. um the priority is is very much
safety first and then thereafter the
comfort issues. That's why most people
I'm like probably it'll be a little like
it'll be safe but jerky
um and uh we just need time to kind of
smooth the rough edges um and soul for
comfort in addition to safety with a
with a major news uh
autopilot architecture uh change. Um
but uh it really is uh I mean I I I know
what the you know the road map is for
the Tesla real world AI and and at a
very granular detail obviously Ashok is
leading that um and and I I mean I spent
a lot of time with the team going you
know in in
like
excruciating detail here on on what what
we're doing to improve the real world AI
Okay. Um and um like I said this, this
car is going to feel like it is a living
creature and that's with AI4 before even
AI 5.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the road map is super exhilarating
like it's like so like waiting so much
to like release all the stuff we are
working on. In terms of like you know
what we ship to customers versus robot
taxi, uh it's mo mostly the same.
Obviously customers have some more
features like you know they can choose
whether the car wants to park in a spot
or driveway or something like that which
is not super relevant for robot taxi. Uh
but there's only like a few minor
changes like those ones but the majority
of the algorithms and architecture
everything is the same between those two
platforms.
&gt;&gt; Yeah but as I mentioned earlier like
we'll be adding reasoning to um I don't
know sh is that like reasoning in like
14.3 maybe 14.4 something like that.
Yeah. By end of this year for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So with reasoning, it's literally
going to think about which parking spot
to pick uh at this. So it's going to say
this is the entrance, but actually
probably there's not a parking spot
right at the entrance if it's a a full,
you know, if the if the parking lot is
fairly full, the probability of a open
parking spot right at the entrance is
very low. Um but actually what it'll
simply do is drop you off at the
entrance of the store and then go find a
parking spot. Um,
but it's it's going to get very smart
about figuring out a parking spot. It's
going to spot figure out it's going to
spot empty spots much better than human.
It's got 360°ree vision. Um, and it's
going to yeah, like I said, just it's
it's going to re use reasoning to solve
things.
&gt;&gt; And fitting that all inside the computer
that has A4 is the actual challenge. And
that's what the team is working on
because obviously you can do reasoning
on the server that takes forever but
then in car you need to make real-time
decisions. Um so fitting all that into
the computer that's in the car that's
the challenge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah that's why I say like like and I
have a pretty good understanding of like
AI you know the sort of the giant model
level with Grock and with with Tesla and
like I'm confident in saying that Tesla
has the the Tesla AI has the highest
intelligence density when you look at
the the intelligence per gigabyte. Um I
think like Tesla AI is probably an order
of magnitude better than anyone else. Um
and doesn't have any choice because that
that AI has got to fit in the AI4
computer. Um but the the discipline of
having that level of AI intelligence
density u will pay great dividends when
you go to something that has an order of
magnitude order of magnitude more
capability like AI5.
Now you have that same intelligence
density but but you got 10 times more
capability in the computer.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh the next question will come
from Colin at Oppenheimer. Uh Colin,
please unmute yourself when you're
ready.
&gt;&gt; Colin, go ahead and unmute yourself,
please.
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much, guys. Um you know, I
appreciate you bringing up the the
challenges of hand dexterity and
humanoids. um you know along with the
complexity of the supply chain and the
the vertical integration you guys are
pursuing you know I'm just trying to
harmonize the the timeline for the start
of production you know next year with
the current state of the supply chain
and what sounds like a fair amount of
work remaining on the dexterity uh
before you can really freeze the
hardware design and and start to scale
up production
&gt;&gt; um well we're not the hardware design
will not actually be frozen even through
start of production um there'll be
continued iteration um because a bunch
of the things that you discover are very
difficult to make. You only find that
pretty late in the game. So we'll be
doing rolling changes of for the Optimus
design even after solder production. Um,
but I do think that the the, you know,
the new hand is
um an an incredible piece of engineering
and uh,
you know, that's well, like I said,
we'll have um, a production intent
prototype
ready to show off in, you know, Q1,
probably February or March. Um,
and then we're uh,
yeah, we're we're going to be building
a, you know, million unit Optimus
production line. Um,
you know, hopefully with a production
start towards the end of next year.
Um, but that that production ramp will
take a while to get to annualized rate
of a million because it's going to move
as fast as the the slowest, dumbest,
least lucky thing out of 10,000 unique
items.
Um, but it but it will it will get to a
million units and then ultimately, you
know, we'll do Optimus
4, that'll be, you know, 10 million
units. Optimus 5 maybe
50 to 100 million units. I mean it's
really pretty nutty. Um
yeah.
&gt;&gt; All righty. Um that is unfortunately all
the time we have for Q&amp;A today. Uh
before we conclude though, uh Feb has
some closing remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Travis. I want to take the time
to talk about an extremely important
vote which is being held on November
6th. The meeting will shape the future
of Tesla and we are asking you as our
shareholders to support Elon's
leadership through the two compensation
proposals and the reelection of Ira
Kathleen and Joe to the board. Note that
it is a team sport and here at Tesla the
board is an integral part of the winning
team.
shareholders are at the center of
everything we do at Tesla and a special
committee has laid out a compensation
package. Like Elon said, don't we don't
even want to call it a compensation
package.
&gt;&gt; Yes. It's not the point is that I I just
like there needs to be enough voting
control to give a strong influence, but
not not so much that I can't be fired if
I go insane. Um but uh you know, and I I
think that sort of number is in the
mid20s approximately. Um, as a company
that has already gone public, there's no
investigated every possible way to how
do you achieve increased voting control
without um, you know,
um,
is there some way to have like a super
voting stock? But there there really
isn't is there is no way to have a super
voting stock after you've gone public.
Um but for example uh Google uh Meta um
you know many other companies have this
um but they they had it before they went
public and so it sort of gets I guess
grandfathered in. Um Tesla does not have
that. Um, so it's just like I said, I
just don't feel comfortable building a
robot army here and not and then uh,
you know, being ousted because of some
asine uh, recommendations from ISS and
Glass Lewis who have no freaking clue. I
mean those guys are corporate terrorists
and and the problem. So let me like
explain like the core problem here is
that uh so many of the index funds um
the passive funds vote along the lines
of what whatever glass lewis and ISS
recommend.
Now they have made many terrible
recommendations in the past that if
those recommendations have been followed
would have been extremely destructive to
the future of the company. Um but if
you've got passive funds that
essentially def defer responsibility for
the vote uh to Glass Lewis and ISS
um then you can have extremely
disastrous consequences for a publicly
traded company if if too much of the
publicly traded company is controlled by
index funds. It's de facto controlled by
glass lewis and ISS.
This is a fundamental problem for
corporate governance
because they're not voting along the
lines that are actually good for
shareholders.
That's the that's the big issue. I mean
that's what it comes down to. Uh ISS
Glass Lewis corporate terrorism.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I would say you know the
special committee did an amazing job in
constructing this plan for the benefit
of the shareholders.
there is no nothing which gets passed
down till the time shareholders make
substantial returns. So that's why you
know in the end I would say I would urge
you to not only vote on the plan but
also vote on all the three directors
because of their exceptional knowledge
and experience and literally you know we
at Tesla work with these directors day
in day out. I mean there is not even a
single day that one of the directors I
haven't spoken to or one of my colleague
hasn't spoken to and we're the even the
directors out here are not just reading
out of you know PowerPoint presentations
they're actually working with us day in
day out so again I just urge you guys as
shareholders to vote along the board's
recommendation. Thank you guys.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you VBOV. Uh we appreciate
everyone's questions today. Uh we look
forward to talking to you next quarter.
Thank you very much and goodbye.