Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla BOYZ XMASS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_seWWzruwg
Published:   2025-12-25 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 08:03 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oh, you're on live audio. What are you
doing? What are you holding?
&gt;&gt; Well, we're live. So, uh, what we're
doing is having a fourperson stream with
two special guests, uh, instead of just
one.
&gt;&gt; If if you're comfortable, Nick, what
what are what are you doing? What do you
&gt;&gt; Well, he's trying to get his mic to the
correct mic while uh keeping his
co-producer uh happy and uh all that. Uh
&gt;&gt; has a great name, right?
&gt;&gt; One and all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Rome. Roman.
&gt;&gt; I can't hear you.
&gt;&gt; Beetlejuice is what I see your mouth
doing.
&gt;&gt; Beetleju.
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure it's Beetlejuice.
&gt;&gt; You are on mute, dude. You're on mute.
&gt;&gt; You're still There we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There you go.
&gt;&gt; There we go. There we go.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Happy holidays. Merry Christmas. Happy
Christmas Hanukquanica.
How are we doing?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm festive, but I feel like I'm
the only one, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; which makes me sad.
&gt;&gt; We left you alone. Cheers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're we're gonna have a fun
celebration. I guess this is the uh the
24th the night the night before
Christmas and uh this is the Tesla boys.
But we wanted to just go through all the
things that have happened the progress
uh the Tesla community what happened in
2026 2025 and then what's going to
happen 2026
and then one of the biggest milestones
is right there right in front of you.
You can see that that's a brand new
thing that happened in 2025. Right Nick?
That's right. Our little boy finally
came into our lives.
&gt;&gt; Still under warranty. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; You can still return window. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know about that.
&gt;&gt; Nah, there's no taking this one back.
&gt;&gt; Nope. You broke it.
&gt;&gt; Got it.
&gt;&gt; So, uh yeah. What do what uh what's
going to happen in 2026? I have an
answer to that. Probably nothing. No big
deal. I had people tell me that nothing
happened in 2025. So, I've got a video
coming up uh tomorrow, I think, or the
next day.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's not let's not wait for that.
Tell us now what happened in 2025. What
was the things that stood out to you
that you uh thought? So, first of all,
just in general, do you guys feel like
Tesla made progress this year?
Significant progress. Or do you feel
like everything's been delayed yet
another year?
&gt;&gt; No, significant progress for sure. We've
had the introduction of three new models
as far as I'm concerned. the Y L in
China. We've already seen it as uh
homologation for distribution and sales
in Europe. Uh that's a big deal. That's
going to be a volume unit. We've also
got the Y standard and three standard
which while probably not selling as well
in the US due to the uh IRA hangover, uh
it we still have uh good sales
opportunities in other countries and
other markets. uh those will make it uh
more popular, make it even better. Uh so
those those alone on the automotive
front are good. On the energy front, we
got Shanghai out up and ramped for
Megapac and we've got construction going
on of the uh of the new one in Texas.
Energy storage is a huge and growing
business. And that's before we even talk
about [clears throat] autonomy and
robots, which is 10 shows worth of
content right there. Uh Nick, what would
you say is your most exciting stuff of
2025?
&gt;&gt; I mean, well, besides this little guy
here, uh I would definitely say the fact
that Robboaxi actually got launched in
more than one city in Austin and I mean,
call it San Fran, Palo Alto, whatever
you want to call it. I think that was a
pretty big deal. Um, I think that was my
main thing. And then, uh, just seeing
progress on Cyber Cab.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you can't argue with that,
right? The most important thing for
Tesla right now is either going to be
Robo Taxi or the bot. The bot was
delayed more than we all have wanted,
and we've explained why that is, right?
We were hoping to get 5 to 10,000 robots
by the end of this year. That did not
happen. But what did happen? FSD, it
works. It all works. I mean uh pretty
unanimously anybody who's sat in an FSD
version 14.2 to the most latest version.
We're all like screaming going, "This is
it. This has worked and we're final days
and we're here." But this idea that we
can't roll out in mass in not just in
those cities that they've said, but in
any any city basically, you know, around
the world, but specifically the ones I'm
driving in, that Brian's driving in,
that you're driving, Nick, and all of
our people testing it. It's done in
those cities, too. So, that is the most
important thing. Okay. It's it's done.
this is done. Uh we've had Morgan
Stanley say I'm calling it FSD is done.
Robbo taxi is here. So that was the most
important thing. And the second thing of
course is robo taxi roll up. Right? Can
you guys imagine like everybody that was
a dream of ours one day Tesla will roll
out an actual robo taxi service and then
people are going oh no they'll need to
partner with Whimo because you know it's
that difficult to create an app and uh
it's very difficult to create a ride
hailing service and then uh now Tesla
has an actual [clears throat]
app whoops they have an app
that can add to that as far as like
exciting things for 20 or like you know
looking back at 2025
It's also the finally we I think fully
have this change in narrative. I think
it's really happened
&gt;&gt; maybe this month, maybe last six weeks
where people are finally starting to
actually talk about autonomy, actually
starting to talk about robo taxis,
actually looking at Tesla differently.
This is just starting. It's finally
you're seeing more of the main street
kind of take a pivot into looking at
Tesla. And I think it's because the
inevitable is upon us.
Yeah. Ah,
&gt;&gt; I love it. That is absolutely true. Uh,
this will never happen. Not in our
lifetimes. Uh, it can't be done. It's
too impossible. Well, here's the thing.
Um, the more robo taxis get on the road,
the easier it is for robo taxis to
operate. Because it's not the fact that
it's a road or vehicles that's the
tricky part. It's all those dang humans.
They're terrible, terrible drivers.
Famously bad. uh where uh robots not so
much. Robots are not going to uh get
angry at each other. I've had a handful
of people try and road rage against my
robot and my robot doesn't care. When
the lane is clear, we get back over. You
go road rage against someone else. My
car is not emotional. I just finished a
24ish 100 mile road trip through four
states. I wasn't just going on the
highway. If it was just a highway, I've
seen people, well, I went, you know,
from this state to this state. I'm like,
right, but it was all highway, right?
Yeah, that's less impressive. I was
going everywhere. I was going through
Palo Alto. I was going through uh very
quiet roads in Nevada. I was going
absolutely everywhere. I was driving
hours and hours a day and it just
worked. And I showed my stats
repeatedly, well over 99%. And why
wasn't it 100? Well, one reason is uh
you go to somewhere like Gigan Nevada,
you're going to drive a mile manually
trying to find a parking spot. That's on
me. That's totally on me. Um I could
have just gone to the outermost fringes
and I just wanted to try and find a
closer spot. I was unsuccessful in that
in that adventure. Um but parking lots
is really it. I am in the parking lot. I
don't know where I'm going because I
haven't decided where I'm going. So, I
can't let the car drive me. And another
example I gave to Herbert that will be
on his uh channel tomorrow is we went to
look at Christmas lights.
Sloth is not slow enough to look at
Christmas lights. I'm going to disengage
because I'm going to be parking in front
of some people's houses. I'm going to be
slowly rolling by some other houses. Uh
there's a lot here that I want to see
human style. Uh well, when are they
going to add that to FSD? I don't know.
Maybe never. Uh maybe some it doesn't
matter. That's
&gt;&gt; No, no, you you can tell Grock, you can
say Grock, uh, hey, I want to watch
these Christmas lights on next several
houses. Drive slowly.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; by by that could be next year's
Christmas update. Absolutely. And you
don't have to buy a new car to get it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so yeah, it is.
&gt;&gt; So, I just learned something. Are you
telling me it's okay to stop in front of
a house when you're looking at Christmas
lights?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. 100%.
&gt;&gt; Why Why is that not right? Why wait?
Why? Well, cuz I always thought that's
like a little like
&gt;&gt; creepy like what's this person standing
outside my house?
&gt;&gt; That's why I' i've always like
&gt;&gt; kept it moving if you know.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so let me give you some
&gt;&gt; That's more creepier. Nick, imagine
this. Okay, there's Nick in a car and
he's like slowly [laughter] driving.
&gt;&gt; The window just cracked. Eyeballs only.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it's a Florida man coming out
here. Uh, but like you know someone just
stopped in front of my house. My first
thought is not they're looking lights
like we got a problem here. What are you
doing outside my house? I'm going to
come out here like we're gonna we're
gonna have some words. What are you
doing?
&gt;&gt; I can help you with this. So, as the as
the house on the block that decorates
for every holiday, and I mean every
holiday, we have, you know, the the
Easter zombie out front. Uh, because of
course we do. The Easter mummy. Of
course we do. I want to see your
Valentine's decorations outside.
&gt;&gt; It's a 12 foot tall mummy holding a
giant pink heart.
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; Why is it all mummies? Why is it
everything is
&gt;&gt; Because it's cuz he's 12 feet tall and
he's on the balcony. We can't move him.
&gt;&gt; You bought him once and you're going to
use them no matter what. Whatever.
&gt;&gt; To the point he is he has rusted
through. He is now due for replacement.
No, what we do and like my mother-in-law
was visiting. She's like, "Someone
stopped in front of the house." It's
like, okay, so Sharon, first of all,
this is like the tourist part of town.
Second of all, our house is a showpiece.
We expect people to stop. If I It's like
It's like, you know, people say people
come up and say, "Nice car." Do you go,
"How dare you?" No, it's it is a nice
car. I bought a nice car. You're
correct. So, it is it is a compliment
when people stop and admire. Of course,
with ours, people will come up and get
pictures with our, you know, Fourth of
July skeletons.
&gt;&gt; Fourth of July skeletons.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. One of them wears a tutu.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right.
&gt;&gt; Do the skeletons dress up for Halloween?
&gt;&gt; Um, yes. This year they were minions, I
think.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's pretty funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 2025, guys. AI has become a thing. It's
real now. I mean it's obviously real and
it's impacting all of our lives. Agentic
AI is impacting our things and then real
world AI. So this uh obviously we have
all seen how great FSE is now where it
is now. I drove at hardware 3 Tesla in
LA
back and forth two hours one way two
hours back. Beautiful. Perfect. because
I was think of the mind that this
hardware 3 uh wouldn't be as good as the
hardware 4 and I don't think it is but
what am I what is it that it's not as
good at it's it was a flawless for four
or five hours driving so uh and this is
LA and so now we've got you know I'm no
matter where we take it it seems to be
working perfectly
&gt;&gt; I drove Hardware 3 through Tampa for
four or five days no No disengagements.
There might have been one. I'm trying to
remember. I know. I nudged it at one
point because when I was making you have
to press gas sometimes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The other car was waving. I'm like, I
don't think hardware 3 can see that. I'm
going to nudge it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Mine doesn't have gas, but that's I
haven't seen one of those.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Was a mistake on my side. Yeah.
Press the gas. I keep saying that. I'm
old. I'm old, dude. I'm old.
&gt;&gt; You look not a day older than 30,
Herbert.
That was my Brian imitation. That was my
&gt;&gt; Was it? That was pretty good. I can
&gt;&gt; that was pretty good, right?
&gt;&gt; And then uh FSD has expanded to
countries, countries everywhere all over
the place. We've gone global this year,
2025. So I don't know, man. I think that
uh everything we wished had happened. I
think some people will still complain
that why is there only 30 cars? I was
hoping to have a thousand cars in
Austin,
but other than that, we're here or 10
cities, right? They were expecting that.
And that's part of self-imposed uh rules
like because Elon said we were supposed
to be in 50% of the country, 10 to 20
cities. We were going to have thousands
of cars and okay, we didn't get there.
But clearly what matters is can we get
there? Has that changed or not? Cyber
cab, right? We don't know yet if that's
on track or not, but everything points
that it is.
Yeah, ju
&gt;&gt; real quick before we get into 2026, just
in the spirit of 2025. Um, I just want
to, you know, a lot of people uh joined
me this past Saturday in the office.
&gt;&gt; Oh, for your course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you did a course thing. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And just, you know, in case any of
them are sitting here watching, I just
want to say like absolutely
&gt;&gt; fantastic. I mean the community that we
have and I I know it's not just test
community people that were there like
Nvidia people palanteer just in general
like the the level of quality character
and people and just engagement the
intelligence that was there it was it
was just absolutely phenomenal. I just
like if any of you were there and watch
or watch right now, just thank you so
much. Honestly, it was it was a pleasure
for me to be there and I you know the
kind words that I keep getting publicly
and in DMs are just like ridiculous.
Like I genuinely appreciate everybody
out there. I hope everybody has a happy
holidays and just Herbert there was so
much demand that we had to cut it off
and we're doing another one January
31st.
&gt;&gt; So there's like a huge weight list. So,
if anyone's interested, January 31st,
you can see the link in my uh ex handle
or just DM me. I'll send you the link.
But it just seriously our communities
are
&gt;&gt; like it's don't like look, I like you
two. You two are awesome. We're friends.
But the community and the engagement and
like the level of conversation and
comments and engagement, it's just like
nothing else. Like, and this is not me
just like guys, I don't do this like for
a living or anything, right? Like I have
my own day job. So, this is like a
hobby, a passion, and you guys honestly
are just incredible. Like, I I could
keep going, but I I I just I'm sure you
guys feel the same sentiment with all
your subscribers and just the community.
And it's just it's something worth like
stopping before we go into 2026 and
reflecting on how good the community is.
I mean, it's what helped turn over
&gt;&gt; and influence Delaware Court and
influence just like over and over. I
mean, it's just it's powerful. I love
you all genuinely. like
&gt;&gt; politics aside, everything aside, like
there's something that grounds us all
and it just I don't know. I I'm going to
stop because
&gt;&gt; just genuinely from the bottom of my
heart.
&gt;&gt; I will say that this community is
definitely like none other. Uh it's the
enthusiasm. It's the fact that a lot of
people have made a substantial amount of
money by following some of the things
that we've been able to reveal. Um, it's
that uh there's a real real engagement.
I had a comedy channel on YouTube that
at one time was quite big that had, you
know, 100,000 maybe 80,000 subscribers
back when that was uh pretty uncommon.
I'd get millions of views,
&gt;&gt; but there was no community. There was no
one who
&gt;&gt; who knew who I was or wanted to meet me
or anything like that. I had I two or
three regulars out of out of, you know,
videos would get thousands and thousands
of comments, but I wasn't changing
anyone's lives. I wasn't, you know,
&gt;&gt; Yes, you were.
&gt;&gt; I comedy.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; No, I was brightening their day, but I
wasn't giving them insights that could
help them.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're muted now.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You just muted.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Is that better?
&gt;&gt; No m. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's got a It's got a There we go.
I bumped the cable. Uh
&gt;&gt; there you go. That's better.
&gt;&gt; We are giving people We are telling them
uh how to protect their family, how to
keep them in the safest car there is,
how to understand which news is actually
lying to them and which is telling the
truth and why and it's making people a
little bit smarter. Uh so
&gt;&gt; is it a given guys that this community
is just going to grow bigger and bigger
and bigger as more people get into robo
taxis as they realize that technology is
truly changing as the they realize that
Tesla is actually the one that's leading
the way for everything robots AI B uh
energy
&gt;&gt; I think so I'll tell you two literally
in the last call it 72 hours these are
two DMs I've gotten one was this guy who
reached he's the whole reason I did this
crash course in December and why we have
a spillover now into January 31st is
because he reached out to CERN and all
this because he got he actually lives in
your guys' neck of the woods um up in
Washington but he fell into some tough
times whatever he was trying to find a
way to you know get some income off his
portfolio anyways that's what led to the
course and he finished the course and he
literally sent me a message saying like
listen I know everybody was just like
talking about like how much they
appreciate you and everything in this
course and how much it meant to them.
But me and my family, I promise you, are
more grateful than anyone. It was like
you hear those things. And then the
other one I got was this guy who's
talking about he's selling some of his
Tesla or he was asking me, he's like,
"Hey, I've got I'm married. I we're
expecting a newborn. My wife's pregnant
and I just I feel bad about selling some
of my stock, you know, that's for profit
to buy Tesla because I just I feel wrong
not putting them in a Tesla. I was like,
"Dude, you're not doing anything wrong.
Sell the shares. Go buy the Tesla. Like
your priorities are right. Your priority
is not owning a certain amount of
shares. It's this that is your priority.
&gt;&gt; But like those and then when I said to
him, he's like he he he like responded
to me like saying like like thanks for
like confirming what I was thinking
already." And it's like just like but
and I don't know it's just it's just a
special community. Like it just really
is.
&gt;&gt; And and [clears throat]
Brian, I just want to echo what you were
saying because I thought the way you
said it was just brilliant. You know,
like the impact have Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What is the value of your portfolio if
you had your family in a car that wasn't
safe and the unthinkable happened?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That's what I told exactly what
I told him. I I I told him like the
second that I found out um that I got
married every like my wife almost got in
like three
&gt;&gt; you got married.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I was about to get uh my wife
almost got into three accidents. Not not
her, right? Like they people almost
hitting her twice. I was in the car.
Once I wasn't.
&gt;&gt; And then we were talking about starting
a family. At that point I was like after
the third time I was like all right not
worth it. We're going we're fine buying
a Tesla. It was hard for me because I'm
very frugal and our car was already paid
off. I was like, "That's it. We're we're
doing it. We just got like this is like
I feel like the universe is pointing a
sign like get her into a safe car.
You're trying to start a family and
you're not even doing the bare bones to
make sure that they're as safe as
possible. What hap this is what I told
him. What happens if God forbid
something happens and you're sitting in
your head thinking, "What if I had just
put him in a Tesla? Would they have been
safer? What if something like don't
don't live in what if. Just go do it. We
can always make more money. You can't
always make new lives.
Yeah. Yep.
One of a kind.
&gt;&gt; Feeling sad for your son there. Never
going to learn how to drive. Never been
able to.
&gt;&gt; You'll teach him how to drive.
&gt;&gt; My teenage son
&gt;&gt; I still know how to ride a horse.
&gt;&gt; My teenage son has never driven a car
that had a blinker stock.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's interesting.
&gt;&gt; What? So when he gets in a car that has
a blinker stock, he'll be like, "Oh,
this is different."
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He'll he'll still learn how to
drive a manual car. He'll he'll know how
to work on the engine. He'll you know,
you still want to teach them.
&gt;&gt; He'll be wrenching on the carburetor.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Just to teach him how things work, you
know. You wanna
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's it's very hard to
understand like the purpose of a wrench
or why a wrench has a little bit of an
angle on it rather than being straight.
You know, why screw you know, you got to
get him working with stuff, but he'll
learn how to ride a horse.
&gt;&gt; Why does it why? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Oh, you so you can get into certain
angles was the reason. If it was
straight up, you wouldn't be able to get
into into most angles.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh.
&gt;&gt; What is happening?
What are we What are we talking about?
&gt;&gt; Believe it or not, it's one of the first
things I I learned in uh in engineering
school.
Yeah, that's a great one. Uh, in terms
of uh big big news, um, I don't know if
everyone's heard, but uh, uh, Ford is
getting into the stationary storage
business. Hey, Tesla does it. How hard
could it be? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I've heard that.
&gt;&gt; Will it be profitable? Don't get into
it, but can they make it profitable? I
feel like they said the same thing about
EVs and uh that hasn't worked out all
that great for them. Uh it is difficult.
You have to spec out these systems years
in advance and I haven't seen a spec
sheet. I don't think there is one. You
know GM had also announced they were
going to be doing stationary storage at
their battery day which is now three and
a half years ago.
&gt;&gt; I am not aware of GM having any
stationary storage uh around.
Ford Ford needs to do something with
that factory that they built for EVs for
cars now that they're getting out of
EVs.
Great story, great market.
&gt;&gt; You wrote it off. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Uh, okay. So, things for Tesla this year
was good. Uh, that something's delayed,
right? But otherwise, the most important
things.
Look, everything's always going to
seemingly be delayed with a new
technology, especially life-saving
technology that is going to roll out and
you have to deal with regulators and all
that. But I think this was the biggest
leap we've had in in a year. I mean,
like we deployed robo taxis in more than
one place. It's not just a demo. It's
not just a concept. It's rolling out.
We're seeing cyber caps being tested out
publicly. like things are happening
faster than ever. I know it's not in
like the big milestones like 100,000,
whatever, eight different cities, all
that. Okay, sure, maybe that hasn't
happened. Still could, but maybe hasn't
happened yet. But we're seeing that the
timelines for these big milestones are
collapsing and happening faster and
faster. It's it's this inevitable slow
drip. You know, I the way I keep
phrasing this about how I think this
look, I don't think Elon's gonna be
right pretty much about anything he's
been talking about with timelines like
this, I I give up. Like, he might hit
some, he might be overly optimistic on
others. He might be uh he might be ahead
of some, but the way I see this is
everything he's been saying is happening
faster and faster. It's like compound
interest. It starts off slow. It's a
slow drip. It's a slow drip. But next
thing you know, things start to build
upon each other. And that's what's
happened. We went from the Elon talking
about I think you know maybe at the end
of the year, maybe at the end of next
year, maybe at the end of next year,
then we had robo taxi day, right? And
it's like, okay, and then this year, not
only did we have robo taxi uh actually
come out, we in Austin, and then that
expanded a couple times, and then went
to California, now we're seeing cyber
cabs out there. And then, you know, so
you're seeing this compound interest
effect. So, it's like just now the
portfolio is starting to actually be
meaningful in this compounding. And next
this 2026 is going to be even bigger.
2027 will be even bigger. And I think
that's what's going to keep happening.
So I'm extremely excited. I think this
year was the best year we've had and
it's the slowest it'll ever be.
&gt;&gt; The Let's look at never. Never is an
important timeline for Tesla Q. Um
they're not very good at it. I don't
know if they know that it's a literal
term rather than a metaphorical term
&gt;&gt; because FSD will never exist outside of
the US. Oh, well, I mean, Canada,
Mexico, I guess, but never outside North
America. How's that working out? Because
uh they have the a limited release in
China and it works. We've seen
breathtakingly amazing results of it
driving on a onelane dirt mountain road
and yielding for oncoming traffic.
Unbelievable. We've seen it uh in
Australia where they're demoing it and
many people have it and New Zealand as
well. We're seeing it uh in parts of
Europe uh for a trial basis with a with
a Tesla employee behind the wheel but
not doing anything.
This is going to be kind of a big deal.
Korea has uh FSD already on the road.
This this never uh has unfortunately
already happened again. Um I think we're
going to see a lot more nevers. I mean,
even in the comments on this show, there
are people saying never about things
like about things related to autonomy
and uh it's
&gt;&gt; never in snow. Right.
Right. Right. Never in snow. I mean,
I've used it in snow, but sure. Uh,
never in fog. I've used it in fog. Uh,
and fog. By the way, LAR, as Herbert
pointed out on a show we did, LAR can't
see through fog
&gt;&gt; or snow.
&gt;&gt; It's or snow. It's a wall. Uh, it's
guys, you're going to have to
&gt;&gt; So, do you guys think the sentiment
matters? Um beginning of this year we
had tremendous Tesla hate. Elon got into
politics. Doge really caused remember
people were uh ski keying cars. In fact
it's still happening. Uh burning cars
Tesla cars burning Tesla dealers. The
sentiment was as low as it could get.
People were saying I'll never invest in
a Tesla. I'll never buy a Tesla because
the hate is so high. So some of that
seemed to have gone away. Yeah. Maybe
not 100%. But does it matter? like does
Tesla just need to prove the technology
works, the products are great, the the
service actually comes out and it
changes the world because of just
reduced transportation costs, uh
eventually reduced labor costs, all
these things matter. Does it matter that
uh you know the sentiment Walmart is the
devil?
People believe that. People say I will
never ever ever shop. They're the worst.
I mean, I might buy a few things there,
but they're the worst. Uh, right. But
you will buy things there and so will
all of us. And Walmart, despite all of
the negative press, still puts their
name on the side of semi-trailers.
It's just kind of the thing. Uh,
everybody has a price. You look at
someone who despises, absolutely loathe
Tesla, takes every opportunity to take
cheap shots. Fred Lambert from electric
just bought a new Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Well, I had referral dollars that were
going to expire. what, like five grand,
six grand. It couldn't have been much.
The big referral dollars expired over
the summer. And I know because that's
when we used it to get my son a car.
This is insanity. Um, but everyone has a
price. When Tesla had uh its big price
cuts 2, three years ago, they dropped
prices by like five grand once the
pandemic crunch was finally in the past.
And a lot of people even on Reddit where
Elon is persona non grata, they said,
you know, the guy is still a monster,
but at these prices, I mean, what else
am I supposed to buy? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; He's still a monster, but
&gt;&gt; Well, yes, but a monster who makes good
cars. I mean,
&gt;&gt; you know, that's got to count for
something. into them it does because the
reality
&gt;&gt; so you're you're basically saying yeah
the sentiment is going to eb and flow
and uh [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; some products you'll still buy because
it's just so life-changing. I know
people who have a strong distaste for
Elon uh because of his politics and his
positions on certain things that are
very important to them who have since
bought uh Tesla because it is for their
use case the best value, the safest, the
most hassle-free. There are more
expensive cars you can get. If money was
not an object, what car would I buy? I'm
not getting a Bentley or a or a Hellcat.
Uh, I'm getting honestly the cars I
already have. Those are the ones I want.
What I want is a Y L. Why won't you sell
it to me? That's what I want. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Because the autonomy is just too good.
There are other cars that are fantastic
cars, but they're just cars. It's just a
car. When I do reviews of other brands,
I have to point out that this review is
based on it being just a car. I'll cover
their lane keep, but it's just a car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
let me pig I obviously agree with
everything uh Brian said, and maybe it's
not so obvious, but I do. Um I'll add to
that.
I like to look at things from a
capitalism perspective. I know there's a
lot of people that think, especially,
you know, right now that capitalism is
evil or capitalism doesn't work for
everybody, but I genuinely think that
for people who put in effort, capitalism
does work if government stays out of the
way. That that's my point of view
generally. But like uh Brian brought up
Walmart. Why does people can sit there
and say they hate Walmart, but why do
people still go to Walmart? Well, guess
what? Because at the end of the day,
people want affordable, convenient
goods. And that's the beauty in my
opinion about capitalism is it doesn't
discriminate based on race, color,
creed, gender, anything. It just cares
about at the end of the day who's doing
good, who's offering value to someone
else. And if that value is worth
something, then that value gets
rewarded. And I think that's where Tesla
will benefit at the end of the day is
that dollar for dollar, you know, Tesla
vehicles are the safest, most capable,
highest technological available, most
efficient, lowest cost. Like anything
you any metric you want to put it up, a
Tesla is going to be the obvious clear
choice. So hate, the beauty about hate
is kind of very similar to why extreme
happiness or euphoria
um also can't last. You know, the beauty
about hate is that it's cyclical. You
can only be mad for so long. Being mad
is exhausting.
And [snorts] the good times, you know,
you're you're you being like on a high
only lasts so long, right? That's why,
you know, the founding fathers were
smart enough to say the pursuit of
happiness because happiness is not
necessarily a a thing that you can
obtain in perpetuity. It's something you
always have to strive for because it's
cyclical. And so that's the nice thing
about haze. Eventually it it wans and it
goes away because at the end of the day,
humans can't stay in that state forever.
And
&gt;&gt; what I like about capitalism is at the
end of the day, it kind of sorts through
all the all the noise. You know, at the
end of the day, people care more so
about what's going to benefit them and
their family more so than which way did
this person vote or which way did that
person vote. Like that's honestly, if
you really think about it, in this whole
human life experiment,
politics is like the stupidest thing in
the world to even get wrapped around the
axle, right? It really is to make
decisions based on politics. It's like,
hey, we can all have our point of view.
Go for it. It's like going to watch a
movie. Some people like horror movies,
some people prefer just comedy. Some
people like romcoms, whatever. But like
to make a decision on a person based on
that is kind of crazy. Like, listen,
this is what they think. This is their
worldview. All right? But at the end of
the day, are we nice to each other? Do
you say nice things? Do you treat me
well? Do I treat you well? Are we
respectful? That's all that matters at
the end of the day. So, who cares if one
person voted one way or the other? At
the end of the day, Tesla creates a huge
value for your family. Teslas keep your
family safe. They lower your cost of
ownership and operation. So, yeah,
that's very important. At the end of the
day, I think that will always win out no
matter what it is. I mean, let's not
forget Volkswagen was created by Hitler.
&gt;&gt; All right. Ford is uh founder, correct
me if I'm wrong, but he had some ties
with the KKK. Like look, but at the end
of the day, people buy things because it
has utility. It allows them to have
certain amount of buying power, lets
them get a certain job done. It keeps
them safe. Like that's what matters in
life, not all this other stuff. We can
all have our own points of view, but
like that's what matters. And so I do
think the hate lands. I think that's why
we went such a huge
change in spectrum pendulum swings this
year from Elon's the worst person in the
world, lighting on fire and all that to,
hey, guess what? Tesla is number one
selling vehicle in China again and
they're probably gonna have a record
year again. And I mean like they're just
crushing it. So it's what matters always
what what actually matters always rises
to the top over a long enough time. And
clearly one year is all it takes less
than a year.
&gt;&gt; You know I uh don't like companies that
have political backgrounds which is why
I'll only drive a Mitsubishi. Wait, what
were they doing in the 40s again? Oh,
yeah, that's right. They made the
Japanese fighter planes that were used
in common. Okay, so maybe not
Mitsubishi. The reality is you can find,
&gt;&gt; you know, uh to the credit of uh the guy
who founded VW, he is the man who killed
Hitler. So that's worth something right
there. Uh I, you know, if you can make a
better product at a better price, it's
going to win. Uh, I've had people ask
me, "If you could buy anything other
than a Tesla, you for some reason you're
you just you lose a bet and you have to
drive something that isn't a Tesla for a
year, what would you drive?" And I say,
"In the US, gosh, I don't know. If I
could go global, maybe a Xiaomi or a
Huawei, but um, in the US, I don't
know." Uh Herbert and I had lunch with a
gentleman named Casey, an electrician
from Portland. And Casey asked Herbert,
"Aut autonomy, who's in number two if I
want to buy a car that drives itself?"
And Herbert and I just looked at each
other. We're like, "Number two?"
&gt;&gt; Uh, but if he can buy a car that can
drive itself,
&gt;&gt; buy a car that can drive itself. Right.
We're not talking Whimo. You can't buy
one.
&gt;&gt; Would it be Kama or Ford?
&gt;&gt; Kama's not a car, but they are servicing
convert a car. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; right. Ford.
&gt;&gt; What do you mean? And so I was like
Ford.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; no. Would it be comma AI or would be
Ford? Like who would be number two?
&gt;&gt; Well, honestly I said,
&gt;&gt; is Ford doing anything to do with
driverless cars?
&gt;&gt; They've got blue crew, but it's
&gt;&gt; it's [laughter] you know, it's
&gt;&gt; a on highway. Well, that you can use it
in more than highway environments, but
don't. Uh, I said maybe super cruise,
but I've never had a chance to
experience it myself in the
&gt;&gt; I thought they stopped it. I thought
they recalled it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, no, I don't. Did they? I don't think
so. I think Super Cruise is still
available. Um, in the comments, someone
can let us know. Yeah. Uh, it's
&gt;&gt; But that's your point. This
&gt;&gt; Yeah. is there's is we don't there's no
good second place. I did enjoy I love
when I do the reviews of secondhand EVs
because Plat Auto in Milwaukee, Oregon
is gracious enough to allow me to drive
anything on the lot and they will answer
all my questions. Um they do a uh a no
haggle uh situation where the price is
the price. We we know what we got and
it's good. Um, I call that the no I I've
I'm told it's the no dicker sticker. Uh,
which is crazy because in the video I I
pronounced it differently and apparently
that is not what it's called. Um, but
[clears throat]
uh yeah, it doesn't have or sticker. So
anyway, the in those vehicles I will try
out the autonomy and see how they go.
Uh, and poorly poorly is how they go.
&gt;&gt; No, nobody drives. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Wow, Nick. So you've changed, dude,
since the baby, huh? Thinking a little
more philosophical, looking at the life.
&gt;&gt; Well, at the end of the year, too, you
know, I towards the end of the year, I
try to reflect a lot and I normally put
out like a prediction video for uh you
know 2026 in this case, but and I review
my previous prediction video, see all
the stuff I got wrong, what stuff I got
right, all that. But uh but yeah not
just end of the year is a time to
reflect you know just on everything
mistakes things done right
&gt;&gt; what matters in life so I'm I am trying
to bask in the reflection next week
&gt;&gt; yeah that's what we're doing today I
mean uh just think a lot of things
happen a lot of things happen in 2025
but I think the most
&gt;&gt; let's talk this what are your forecasts
You talked about podcast. Are you
creating your
&gt;&gt; I have a question for you guys. I didn't
prime you guys for this uh because I
wanted to catch you guys off guard in
case you were going to try to back out
of it. Um [laughter]
what's he talking about? Um, you know, I
I was on with Randy last week and he's
been catching me up on everyone's or uh
last night and he was catching me up on
what everyone's predictions on uh from
Brian to Dan Ives and everyone for
Tesla. And we've got some some
predictions of Tesla will be 7 800
$1,000 $2,000 $3,000 by the end of next
year. I mean end of 2026.
um and that we're going to have hundreds
of thousands of robo taxis in the United
States by the end of next year. And you
know, I I'm just curious, what are you
guys predicting? Do you think that those
kind of numbers in general are spoton a
little bit out there? Uh I I know you'll
both probably punt on the stock, but you
know, I'm just curious if there's
anything you're willing to talk about
and what you guys think, and then I'll
tell you what I think.
So, uh, in terms of the stock price, I'm
absolutely punting. I don't know if it
goes sideways from here for another
year. Doesn't matter to me. It's all in
my eye. I can't touch it anyway. My
prediction is that Tesla stock will
continue to outperform the broader
market. Um, and that is fine with me.
Uh, because the only thing I'm more
excited about than Tesla is the prospect
of a SpaceX IPO. And I will not sell a
single share of Tesla to buy into the
SpaceX IPO. But I do have some other
things I could sell. Um, so if anyone
needs a [laughter] kidney,
uh, you [snorts] can let me know.
&gt;&gt; I was going to say your wife's in the
background now hearing for the first
time, you're selling the house.
&gt;&gt; Selling the house. There was a
gentleman, uh, in France who was selling
his house and he and he thought, I don't
need to buy a house for a year. You know
what? I'm going to sell it. Put all the
cash into Tesla. And that's when it
20xed. and uh we never heard from him
again. I imagine his DMs were just
inundated. But what I expect to see next
year, when I was at the Fremont factory
last week, there was a section of the
factory that was uh not viewable and I
had a high level employee with me. Uh
and the tour guide of course is does not
mention this thing that we're scooting
past in the in the shuttle in the tram.
It's a big section of the factory that
is completely blocked off floor to
ceiling with black plastic and security
fencing. And I said, "That's weird.
You'd think that uh Tom would have
mentioned uh this thing we're going by."
And he's like, "Yeah, looks like
something pretty secret is in there."
I'm like, "Yes." And then as we get
around it, I can see the size of the
enclosure. And I said, "That's too small
to manufacture cars." And he said, "Hm,
it's weird. It's almost like there's
something smaller than a car that's
already been announced that will be made
at this factory that's being toled up
and uh so that's where Optimus is going
to be built. Uh they are already putting
in equipment to build Optimus. If you're
not excited about Optimus, that's fine.
Uh you don't have to be. You don't have
to think it can do uh all kinds of
different tasks, but it can. And the one
that Jeff Lutz always points out is pick
and place. And two weeks ago, I would
have argued with him that that's a
valuable thing. But now, having seen uh
several factories this week, I realize
how big of a job pick and place still
is. Someone needs to take the item and
give it to the machine. And you say,
"Well, just have a different machine do
that." Correct. That's Optimus. No, no,
like a purpose-built one, right? There
is no purpose-built one. The
purpose-built one is Optimus. And well,
you're going to displace workers. Oh,
okay. But you know, you can't get enough
workers in Nevada to feed the factory.
They are struggling constantly to get
enough people because Giga Nevada has as
many employees as a lot of cities.
That's hard to staff up in in a city
that's not much bigger than the the I
mean, Fernley, Nevada has probably a
population less than that of Giga
Nevada. So it's uh this optimist will be
coming out. I'm confident in 26. It will
not necessarily come to you and me. It
will not be in my home but it will and
it will not be maybe even ready to be in
my home but in a industrial setting it's
going to be valuable. Before Herbert
goes, um, Brian, does that mean that you
think that Tesla will sell their first
Optimus to a another company or just
that they're going to build and they're
actually going to use them internally at
their factories in a way that's more so
than just testing and demo, but like in
a actual meaningful way?
&gt;&gt; In a in a real way that really replaces
warm bodies. It will absolutely be used
internally because they've got so much
use for it. And I think a first customer
could be Panasonic. The Panasonic part
of Giga Nevada is separate. I did not
get to go in there. Their their entrance
is separate. And you know, the batteries
basically come through the wall like
magic. Uh I think Panasonic would be a
good customer because when they need
support, they're already right there.
They're already, you know, they've got a
bunch next bunch in the Reno the G the
Tesla side, some in the Panasonic side.
I think G and then uh also putting them
out uh to suppliers who have a legit use
for it who are closely tied into the
Tesla ecosystem. And I think right there
you could easily do tens of thousands.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I could see a lot of the semi uh
the early adopters of semi-truckss being
potential customers as well.
&gt;&gt; Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. You asked two questions,
right? What uh what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Throw Optimus in there too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Next Optimus, sorry, Tesla stock
by next year. And how many
&gt;&gt; robo taxi count?
&gt;&gt; Robo taxis will be around by next year.
Yeah. So, one of the things I was
obviously fortunate enough to do this
year is interview as many people as
possible, hear each of their thinking,
their logic, and I'm trying to come up
with my own based on all this. So, so
let's talk stock, right? So, normally I
never give Tesla stock
&gt;&gt; ever. Never. This is Everyone grab your
drinks. Sit down. Here we go.
&gt;&gt; No. And I'm not about to like I People
always People accuse me of saying, "Oh,
you're always so bullish." And I go,
"What's my stock price target if I'm
forced to guess something?" Sure, I'll
guess. But what do I know right here?
But here's the the thing that fascinates
me is how I, you know, obviously if you
can guess Tesla stock price or any stock
price, you're going to be incredibly
billionaire. So here's what some people
have said. Some have told me that well
uh first of all 2026 everybody expects
the stock price to go up but don't be so
fast because uh what matters more is
earnings and earnings upon earnings
growth. And the time when Nvidia stocks
skyrocketed was when they actually
showed earnings upon earnings growth.
And that may not happen anymore as we
all thought was going to happen by the
second half of this year. Warren Regul
thinks that because things have been
pushed uh further away than you know not
as fast as if we were thinking would
happen by the end of this year that
maybe it won't happen earnings upon
earnings growth until the 2027.
Remember that Elon himself has said that
robo taxi revenues won't move the needle
until the second half of 2026. Now he
goes well if you push that 2027. So he's
going the stock won't go up at all as
much this year. Having said that, the
stock is now at all-time highs at the
end of this month. And how many people
guessed that, right, Nick, you were
ahead of the game, saying that there's a
chance it will happen. A lot of us Tesla
shareholders are kind of PTSD. We don't
want to say it is. And then we got here.
It's going to go up, it's going to go
down. We can't predict it. However,
other people like AJ will say, "Yes, you
can actually see earnings upon earnings
growth further away, but the market is
forward-looking." So they'll look back
at they'll go they'll look and go what
is 2027 earnings and then they'll bring
that back to 26 June of 2026 and that's
when you'll see the stock price rising
right there's those kinds of uh things
then there's the wild cards like Optimus
coming in and then watching this the
robo taxi growing and then people
testing it out and then when they do
test it out they'll go for sure yes it's
not here I'll buy it. So the question is
how much of the stock is already built
in and clearly it is already built in
beyond auto and beyond energy. There's
already this promise of robo taxi and
promise of bots. How much more is not
built in and how much will be brought
in? I think it's going to be higher than
it is today. Uh I don't know if it's
going to be double what it is. I'm not
prepared to say what it is. But I do
agree with that statement that when you
get earnings upon earnings growth
quarter by quarter. So that means that
Tesla reports earnings in one quarter,
people go, "Yeah, that's great. That's
wonderful. It looks like it grew. Then
the next quarter they report again and
it's bigger and then it grows bigger
again." That's when everybody starts
throwing money at Tesl at Nvidia for
example. And you still had the
naysayers. They all kept saying, "Yeah,
it's a blip. AI is not a real thing.
Sure, they're going to get and they kept
guiding higher and higher each quarter
until eventually they realized, oh, he's
not lying. the market is he's like it's
a money infinite it's a money thing is
happening now people are just left right
and center handing him money Nvidia same
thing's going to happen with Tesla so
for sure the stock will skyrocket uh
2027 the question is is it going to
happen in 2026 to what extent will be
more brought in so you know if you push
me I will say double what it is now uh
but I you know
&gt;&gt; $1,000 you're saying
It's it's it could it could double to
what it is today. Yeah. So, if the
company is worth 1.5 trillion, it can go
to three trillion, but it's like who
knows, right? It's all a lot of good
things has to happen. You're the expert
in this. Mark macro, no matter events.
&gt;&gt; I did want to say real quick that in 10
minutesish the show will end. I will be
on a live after show uh addressing many
of your questions and comments that did
not uh get to uh get attention during
this main show. I want to thank
everybody for a wonderful year this
Christmas. We will be back next
Wednesday. We should also mention right
Brian that uh uh as of January,
unfortunately Brian is not doesn't have
the time to do this Wednesday shows
anymore. We're going to miss you big
time. This show is you, dude.
this show is you.
&gt;&gt; I think you'll limp along just fine. Uh
yes, I have to I have to focus on
growing my channel. I have to uh focus
on my you know m paying the bills
apparently is a thing that uh the Bills
insist upon. Uh so that's you know uh
but I will still be a regular on
Herbert's channel. I think that means I
have to work harder at getting Nick on
my channel and being on his uh uh
because I appreciate your valuable
insights, Nick, even when I disagree
with you. Uh but there are uh you know,
hey, we got the we got next week one
more big show and then of course I'll be
here for the after show in about 10
minutes, but I'm going to run inside and
get coffee. So take your time gents and
merry
&gt;&gt; Christmas.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, we're going to do Nick and I.
We're going to have uh Hans Nelson
joining us as the the trio and we'll be
the new Tesla boys.
&gt;&gt; Actually,
maybe this is a good time to tell you.
Unfortunately, no kidding. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, you're stuck.
&gt;&gt; Change happens. It's okay. I would have
to just figure things out as I do. But,
okay. So, now we're talking about um
&gt;&gt; Robo Taxi cars. And I'll tell you I'll
tell you my thoughts on the stock and
robo taxis afterwards.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So robo taxis. Okay.
First of all, the important thing to
keep in mind for folks is that it can it
can all be Model Y. It does not have to
be cyber cabs at all. Right. So no cyber
cabs doesn't mean that Tesla's not going
to grow to whatever number you want,
10,000, 20,000. So again, I I pull from
the people I talk to. What do they
think? How many robo taxis? And I've
heard numbers of serious people thinking
50,000 robo taxis by the end of next
year. That that that is a little too
much for me. But here's the logic. The
logic would be uh by the way now you you
add the cyber cap, right? So is Tesla on
track for cyber cap? And so far as of
today, everything we know, every little
signs and signals show that they still
on track for launching a cyber track in
April. Lots of signs, right? They they
took the cyber cap through In-N-Out.
That is the signal that they've done as
tradition for all cars that they've ever
made. When they bring the a new car to
In-N-Out drive-thru, that is their
signal that we are done with uh the
design. This is production level design
ready to go. They did that with
CyberCap. We're now seeing cyber cabs
all over being driven in public roads.
That's a good sign that four months
before April, we're seeing uh crash
testing all these. So if the cyber cab
is on track and they're hiring people
right you can see these job postings uh
one was quality engineer and you know
just names that you can actually see
that are actually for mass production of
a vehicle if they are still putting that
money that resource we're seeing all
these giga castings and Brian was
talking about this hidden area in Giga
Texas that you know what are they hiding
in there so if they're building that
that means that they have intention to
create thousands of cyber caps. You're
not going to just create a a new line of
this thing and then and not have
thousands of them. So then you go, okay,
well, what's the worst case scenario?
Well, let's take a look at Cybert truck,
right? Because Cybertruck was a brand
new um uh vehicle, brand new
technologies, brand new materials, and
they were able to produce about 50,000
of that. So if you say uh typically for
a brand new vehicle coming out 50,000 a
year is not not unheard of. Okay. So
this this cyber cab will be created in
April. Oops. Another thing happening,
dude. I've I've got a u a weather alert,
a flash flood.
Uh I think we're okay. A tornado passed
us and we're okay now. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; So okay. So now, but the reason I'm
bringing up the cyber cab is that if
they make the cyber cab,
&gt;&gt; really what it's going to be used for is
for robo taxi, right? And you're if
you're going to have a supervised cyber
cab, you have one person in the front
seat, you can only have one person in
the right seat. It' be awkward.
&gt;&gt; So really, they do think they do have
confidence. It looks like that Tesla's
going to make thousands of these. And
then so the 50,000 number is like uh
pretty reasonable. But there's arguments
both ways. Some people are saying
actually it's going to be more than
50,000, right? Because this is the
nonbox model, unbox model. It's uh it's
a Lego pieces. It's 50% much more
easier, simpler design than a Model Y.
So once this gets going, it's going to
be much faster. So I would they'll say,
"Oh, it's going to be more than 50,000.
It's going to be much harder than that."
And then uh others will say, "No, the
first year is going to be and which is
where the camp I'm in. The first year is
going to be very very slow regardless if
this is a Lego kind of unbox model
because it's brand new process, brand
new materials, brand new production
line. So don't expect that the first
year they're going to fit all 50,000.
Okay, but the Model Y, how many robo
taxis are there going to be? And you
look at the executives, not just Elon,
lots of executives, 12 of them have come
out and said something very similar to,
you know, slow at first and then
everything at once kind of thing. Like
it's going to be scaling very very fast
and then you're watching FSD everywhere.
So
how many robo taxis by the end of next
year? You know, again being pushed. I
would I I'm trying to be careful and uh
we'll have certainly a thousand for
sure.
10,000 is a safe number. 20,000 for me
sounds like a a good number to go with,
but it could certainly be much higher
than that. I just can't get myself to
say anything bigger than 20,000.
&gt;&gt; Okay, nice. Well, I I appreciate you uh
giving some actual um
I don't know numbers behind what you
think and explain that rationale. I
think that was very good, especially for
everyone to hear from you. someone who
much like Brian has interviewed I mean
between you know people like you and
Brian I don't know I know who's
interviewed more people and have had
more people in the know of sorts uh
shout out Kathy Woods but in the know um
speak to them and be able to kind of
distill or take all all of those ideas
all those opinions from the extremely
bullish to the bearish all that put into
a bucket distill it aggregate it and
then come up with your own point of
views so I think it's very valuable from
that sense point of view. Um I'll tell
you what I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I think for anyone who took the
option course this past Saturday and any
who take it uh on January 31st, if
there's one thing you'll learn quickly
about me or you did learn quickly about
me is that I like to not just say
things. I like to be able to quantify
things. I like to be able to understand
the probabilities of being right or
wrong. And I think you can do that with
pretty much everything in life. It's
just most people don't do that. Most
people just go with a gut feeling or
just say, "I think this will happen."
But if you linger on it and think
through it, I think you can more or less
get towards the right area. You don't
always have to hit the bullseye, but can
you just at least hit the target, right?
If you can just hit the target, you're
doing pretty good, I would say. And so,
and that's why I've been successful as
an investor. That's why I feel like I've
been right a lot, you know. That's why I
think I've been I was right about, you
know, to start the year. I said we're
going to reach alltime highs by the end
of this year. It's not because I have
some special chart formula or anything
like that, but I could just see what was
happening over and over with Tesla and
the company. And I iterated from being
overly optimistic to, you know, kind of
pulling back a little bit and grounding
myself in what I think has become more
of a realistic and um being right point
of view on where the company's going and
not just where they're going, but how
fast they're getting to where they're
going. I think we're all right on the
big picture. I think we all have that
nailed. I think we're all right about
that. that and honestly that's arguably
the hardest part. But now it's can you
temper your expectations. I do think
that's important to get your yeartoyear
right because while everyone says oh I
just buy a whole I don't even think
about it. I would say 99% of people say
that that's not true. I would say most
Tesla investors most allin investors
most people who are active in the
community they look at a stock every
day. You know I do it you do it. We all
do it. And so I just like to try to
really get to a more of a
grounded point of view on where Tesla's
going. And so let's talk about the stock
first. So I'll break this up in chunks.
I think that Tesla right now has good
runway to get I think Tesla has a date
with 500. Whether it's this year or it's
the start of next year, Tesla has a date
with 500. It's coming. It will happen.
Tesla will likely break 500 and run a
little bit. 510, 515, 520, 530.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I have no idea.
&gt;&gt; But it is my opinion based on
everything I know, all my history is
that we will get to some 500 level and
then we're going to pull back
&gt;&gt; because that's the natural way stocks
work. Stocks don't just go up in a
straight line. We've all seen that from
when we broke $1,000 before the stock
split. We saw that whenever we broke
300, lost 300, broke 300, lost 300,
broke 300, lost 300. That same thing
about 15 more times to 400, 420.
Remember that? Oh, we finally hit
alltime highs yet again after all these
years of not hitting it. Okay, back and
forth, all that. I think the same thing
will happen here. Could Tesla get to a
crazy number like 650, 700, 800 like
you're talking about potentially next
year? Is it possible? I would say
anything's possible, especially in the
stock market. But the real question is,
can it sustain that? And that's what you
really want to ground yourself in. And I
don't think Tesla could sustain a $800
price target right now or next month or
in two months or in three months. And
the reason goes back to what you were
talking about with earnings.
I we had huge debates right across the
Tesla community. And
honestly, I think you and I were kind of
the only ones really leading it with the
thought when we were down like in the
high 200s earlier this year saying if
Tesla could fall down this quickly, it
can easily come back up. And what was
everyone else saying? Tesla needs
earnings to go up. And I was like, "No,
&gt;&gt; bull. It doesn't."
&gt;&gt; Like we we know it doesn't. It doesn't
have to. Now, I would say now as we
break 500,
&gt;&gt; get to 500s, I think things change now.
Now it's like, okay, we've probably
we're probably right as far as we can go
without starting to see the earnings
come in. But why is it that we're able
to push up higher? It's because Wall
Street is trying to get ahead of the
earnings they anticipate coming in the
next 6, 12, 18 months.
&gt;&gt; And so that's where I think you and I
were very right this year in the darkest
days this past year for Tesla. and our
thesis has proven to be correct. But now
I'm with you. I do think for Tesla to
keep running to a $3 trillion valuation
to a5 trillion valuation, etc. as we get
into those higher numbers, it will have
to be not necessarily getting all of the
valuation in or all of the earnings in,
but we need to start seeing it come in.
We need to start seeing the compounding
effects of that and Wall Street will
front run once that happens. So that's
where I think we are right now. I think
if we could end next year around 600 to
650,
&gt;&gt; phenomenal year. And I hear people
talking about 800, a,000, 2,000. And I
just
I would rather be wrong, but be wrong on
the upside than not. My
reccalibration that I've had over the
past couple years of being overly
optimistic says if we could end next
year at 600, that's really really good.
That's essentially that's 100 point gain
in the stock in one year. That's 20%
gain if we close at 500 this year,
right? Like that's huge. That's that's
essentially what we're going to probably
do this year. So, I think that'd be a
really big deal. I'm with you as well
that I think 2027 is where we really
have a big year. I think this next year
is where we go from crawling to we start
walking and finding our steps. And I
think 2027 we start running. So, my
prediction
at the moment, I'm going to do an actual
prediction video
on our new YouTube channel, me and Greg,
uh called Behind the Trade. And I'll
also do one on investing against the
grain. I'm going to do a prediction
video um about where I see all this
going. But right now, I'm calibrating at
about 600 by the end of next year. So
that's where I'm at.
Apologies. I've been sick all week.
&gt;&gt; Um as far as robo taxis, I'm with you. I
think people are underestimating
the amount of infrastructure, the amount
of caution, the amount of people,
command stations, everything you're
going to have to build out to support
the robo taxi network. I do not think
it's just a matter of build the car, put
it into the network. It may be that in
Austin since Austin's set up. It may be
that in parts of California since
California is set up. But they need to
build these command stations or these
like you know flight towers in all these
other cities, all these other parts of
the country. And I think that's going to
take a little bit of time. I also agree
with you that as you build a car, you
learn things as you scale from a
Jesus, sorry. Uh as you scale from a
thousand vehicles to building 5,000, you
learn brand new things that you didn't
know before. And Elon has told us that a
million times. If you know that in the
factory, you also learn new things as
you scale from 10 vehicles in a robot
tax network to a 100 to a thousand. You
learn new things, new problems present
themselves. And I think that's why 2026
is going to be about going from crawling
to walking. And I think we need to be
humble enough to let let that process
unfold as it will. And so I'm with you.
I think between 20 and 50,000 robo taxis
by the end of the year will still put
Tesla as the biggest
&gt;&gt; Oh god.
&gt;&gt; I think uh
&gt;&gt; company in the world as far as it goes
with uh
&gt;&gt; they can just roll out Model Y's too,
right? So that's you were asking about
robo taxis not but it was just that if
they made that many cyber cabs and that
certainly has to be used for robo taxis
but if they if they because I'm not in
the camp you know you and I have had a
&gt;&gt; I'm wise in that. I'm just saying like
autonomous people out there picking up
in the robot tax network. I think 20 to
50,000. I just think there's a lot that
has to be taken into account like
&gt;&gt; like I I think we underestimate all the
little complexities, you know? It's kind
of like it's like when you go to to do
something like very simple like
[clears throat] a little simple job.
You're like, "Oh, all I got to do is
screw this into the wall. So, I'm just
going to drill a hole, put it in, and
we're done." Right? And then you go to
screw it in and you're like, "Oh,
there's concrete back here. Oh, I don't
have a concrete bit. Okay, let me go to
the store, get a concrete bit. Now I got
to come back. Oh, I don't have a hammer
drill. Now I get hammer. I got to go
back." And you come back and then you
figure out, oh man, this is metric not.
It's like this job that should have
taken 10 seconds all of a sudden has all
these problems that presented stuff that
you didn't expect. And we've all done
that house project that's like why is
this thing that should have been 10
seconds now taking two hours?
I think that's what happens especially
with new vehicle lines.
&gt;&gt; This is not a brand new vehicle though.
This is not just a new model Y or
anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Whole new process.
&gt;&gt; Brand new. Yeah. So, just don't uh
expect that and then it'll skyrocket
because it is designed to be just
plugandplay and, you know, unbox and all
that. I'm laughing here, Nick. Uh Brian
left with a before he left, he left a
joke in our private chat. He said, "You
shouldn't be drinking champagne, Nick,
if you're breastfeeding.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; My baby disagrees.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Awesome. Thank you so much, Nick. That
was fun. Uh so stay on the line here.
You'll be transferred over automatically
to Brian's show. Appreciate you guys.
Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. This is
a great year to celebrate and a lot more
to look forward in 2026. Thanks. Cheers
everybody. Bye everybody.