Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       I Can't Stay Quiet on Tesla's Optimus Anymore w/ Ark Invest's Brett Winton
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjEPzvzH-Dc
Published:   2025-11-06 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Solving general humanoid robots would be
a monumentally large and valuable
market. You can only build so many robo
taxis before you saturate. It's a lot of
cars, but it's not that many cars. You
could probably satisfy the whole earth
with 100 millionish vehicles. You don't
even need a robo taxi anymore. If a
humanoid robot can just step behind the
wheel and drive the car, the difficulty
of the humanoid robot problem is between
10,000 times and a million times more
than the difficulty of doing robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; You know, I think that's indicative of
the march of nines that's necessary for
these AI projects that we just don't
understand how big the lift is to get
from where we are to where we're going.
This is really hard and I think that
people I think Elon probably understands
that it's really hard and is going to
try to punch through the wall, but I
think that the person on the sidelines
needs to appreciate that there's going
to need need to be a huge
&gt;&gt; effort to make this stuff work in a
generalizable way. The Adam Jonases of
the world who are wildly bullish on it
now will be turning around and being
like Tesla is wasting resources on this
thing. This is crazy. It's never going
to happen. That is all to come. like
there it is almost inevitable that we
will run into that and I do think it's
achievable but don't underestimate kind
of the pain and agony that the Tesla
shareholders will experience trying to
get there when it is costing potentially
hundreds of billions of dollars that
could otherwise be lining your pockets.
Well, today I have Brett Whitten with
me. He is the director of research at
Arc Invest who famously has an
incredible valuation model and bullcase
around Tesla's valuation that is
primarily focused on the roll out of
robo taxis. And in the Tesla community,
a lot of people like to give Ark flack
because they say, "Hey, where is
Optimus?" And so today we're going to be
diving into the reasons why so many
people in the Tesla community may be a
little bit delusional about the
complexity of the Optimus problem and
how hard it's going to be to do that and
then because of how hard what the
timelines that we should maybe be a
little bit more realistically setting
our expectations for Optimus. And so
yeah, Brett, I just want to ask you,
what makes Optimus such a hard problem?
And when is ARC thinking that it's
reasonable to start expecting some sort
of revenue out of Optimus for Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Well, one, I do agree that like solving
general humanoid robots would be a
monumentally large and valuable market.
So I think that like at a high level
there's a reason to point to that as
like hey this is the next frontier we
need to get to. Um humanoid the humanoid
form factor is useful because it could
plug in in a general purpose way into
all of the existing tooling and
infrastructure that we have out there.
It's kind of like you don't even need a
robo taxi anymore if a humanoid robot
can just step behind the wheel and drive
the car, right? And so um you know
suddenly you get all the benefits of a
robo taxi across not just the Teslas
that have been sold into market but
every vehicle in the world. Um and um
yeah it's it's such a monumentally
difficult problem and um I think that
we're still in a state where we haven't
been confronted with actually what these
um robots are capable of in the real
world because they're not being
commercially sold in. And so we don't
know how incapable they actually are and
how much effort and attention will have
to go into making them capable. And so
even if like Google has been going about
this whole robo taxi thing for you know
more than a decade as in I did my first
unit economics case on a robo taxi I
think in 2011 and was like hey they
could do this at 50 cents a mile. This
would be amazing. Um, and it's because
they were demonstrating their little
panda car or koala car driving around.
Um, and as it turns out, you know,
getting those nines of accuracy.
Accuracy not just in terms of avoiding
accident injury, but just providing a
decent riding experience is an
incredible long hard slog of
improvements of basically order of
magnitude improvements over time. Um and
it's clear that that's accelerating when
you go AI first and and you know Tesla's
advances even over the past two years is
really incredible. Um and at a on a
first order basis I think you can say
with some certainty that the difficulty
of the humanoid robot problem is between
10,000 times and a million times more
than the difficulty of doing robo taxi.
So starting from where we are at robo
taxi, imagine something a 100,000
[snorts]
times harder and current, you know,
we're still working on the modeling
here, but 200,000 times harder is I
think what our midcase is going to end
up being. and you say, "Oh my gosh, it's
the equivalent of kind of, you know,
instead of being one in every 700,000
miles for an accident, which they need
to tip across to hit the
commercialization threshold, um, in robo
taxi, you have to be, you know, one and,
you know, 10 to the whatever that is, 10
to the 12th instead of 10 to the 6th in
terms of um, accuracy. So, you have to
do another six orders of magnitude
beyond that.
um uh to to cross a equivalent
commercialization threshold in human
humanoid robots. Uh and so um Elon
doesn't
under like he kind of called it in this
most recent earnings call where he's
like you don't just get to tip over the
log and hey you're done. This is going
to be a huge monumental effort not just
on the um hardware manufacturing scaling
which he focused on but also in
providing the software capability that
these will need to be generally useful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it reminds me of um the Andre
Karpathy podcast with Daresh that you
know he talked about the fact that he
had his first Whimo ride I think it was
in 2013 or 2014 something to that
effect. is like, "Oh, wow." Like,
"Self-driving is almost solved." And
then he went to work at Tesla and all of
that was 11 to 12 years ago. And now
we're finally like on the cusp of
getting this thing. And that's, you
know, I think that's indicative of the,
&gt;&gt; like you said, the the March of Nines
that's necessary for these AI projects
that we just don't understand how big
the lift is to get from where we are to
where we're going. Um, and especially
how that relates to the complexity of
the environment that you're trying to
operate in. It's like driving is a very
constrained environment compared to all
of the environments that Optimus is
going to be placed in. Now, I'm sure
there are some environments that you can
place Optimus inside of that are as
constrained or more constrained than you
have for driving. But for those
constrained environments,
can you acquire sufficient data? It's
like you can have the constrained
environment that's easy to operate
inside of, but then do you get what you
need to actually train a great F or you
know a great Optimus AI model to operate
inside of that? And so I think that that
trade-off is going to be something
that's very difficult.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and that's only like if you to
like peel back the onion one layer as to
how we get to the difference in
complexity.
um you can kind of first principles it
in a very you mentioned the
environmental variability which is
absolutely a factor and so like the way
we think about that is like um how many
like environmental variability is is
really dis disagregation to three
factors. It's um what is like how many
objects do you simultaneously need to
pay attention to around you? Um, and
maybe like with robo taxi versus
humanoid robots that could be pretty
similar depending on how you think about
kind of like you know a robo taxi is
having to take it like into account a
lot of cars and pedestrians and stuff
but then it's like how many different
object types do you have to know like
the semantics of objects whereas a robo
taxi can you know depending on the
generalizability it's like there's
vehicles and pedestrians and I don't
know chickens or something or animals or
you know um and um and but and maybe
you're going one layer deeper where it's
like well I'm treating vehicles
different like cars different from
trucks or cars different from emergency
vehicles certainly um but certainly robo
or humanoid robots have a much much
broader diversity you know probably an
order of magnitude more at least of kind
of object types they need to be able to
recognize as dynamic objects in the
environment. Um and then there is the um
the relative structuredness of the
environment. And the road system is
designed to um really make it easy to
drive. Like the road system is designed
for vehicles to navigate from place to
place successfully and has been heavily
synthetically manipulated to make that
happen. the lines in the middle of the
road the and this is true in developed
markets and particularly not as true in
developing markets which is why you know
driving in India is so challenging
relative to driving in the US uh and so
and that's one category of kind of
complexity difference that humanoid
robots face versus um versus robo taxis
think about like the even the control
system of a robo taxi you basically have
steering wheel brake and um accelerator
and That's what um Ashoke talks about in
terms of like the challenge is you take
in this huge context for him it's two
billion tokens you you put it you output
it into basically two control functions
which is basically acceleration and
steering angle right with humanoid
robots you're outputting it into
20 to 40 different control functions you
know across all of your different
actuated joints depending on how much
kind of like consolidation you can do of
each of those. And then as you're
changing those actuations, you're also
changing your sensor inputs dynamically
at the same time. If you bend down to
pick something up, like your entire like
frame of reference is shifting at the
same time. Uh, and so that's another big
bucket combined with how frequently you
have to adjust kind of like your
operations with, you know, if you're
trying to catch a ball like you actually
need to have much um higher frequency
kind of like changing of kind of the
actuators. And that's one of the
advances on the mechanical side that
they've crossed is hey we have much more
dynamic control of the actuators. But
you have to have the software to
actually do that. So that's the other
big category. So you have environmental
variability. You have basically call it
action bandwidth. Um and then you have
the interaction set with a robo taxi.
You're just rubber on road like the
thing that you're physically interacting
with unless you get in an accident which
you don't want to do is not changing.
you know, there's like the parametric
change of maybe the road is slicker and
stuff like that, but it's basically like
a a very simple set of interactions you
have to account for, whereas a humanoid
robot, you have to have a a different
level of complexity based upon the
number of physical interactions it needs
to learn. So, think about like um heel
strikes versus toe strikes when you're
walking. Think about all the different
surfaces you might be walking on. the
think about uh lifting up a tool and
knowing the physics of that tool and how
you need to lift it to um and and the
variety of tools that you have to lift.
So that's another huge huge bucket of of
difference. And then the fourth major
complexity increase for humanoid robots
is um like the number of tasks that you
have to learn is I don't know maybe a
thousand times more than the number of
tasks you need to know for robo taxi to
ask is get from point A to point B.
Whereas um kind of there's an entire
overlay of basically like logic system
and understanding of how to do tasks
that also compounds into the complexity
of the problem. And so you can
generalize across some tasks like
learning how to screw in a screwdriver
is probably similar to I don't know
learning how to turn a doorork knob and
you know so it's not like that leads to
another thousandx increasement in
complexity the way we do the the math is
it's more like another order of
magnitude but all of those compound
together to create an overall system
that we think if held to the same
performance standard would probably be
more like 10 million times more
complicated. But your humanoid robots
are not going at 60 mph and they don't
weigh 2 tons. So you are much more
safety tolerant or error tolerant with a
humanoid robot. Like maybe you're not
going to trust it to like hold your
newborn baby, but if it bangs its shin,
that's okay. And so then we like walk
back the complexity by two orders of
magnitude because basically on the
kinetic energy difference of the system,
we think you'll be 100 times more error
tolerant. So then that nets out to like
all of the math underlying that gives
you an expectation for 100,000x more
complex a problem space that you're
operating in. Uh and um and so that it's
I'm sorry this is really hard. This is
really hard and I think that people I
think Elon probably understands it's
really hard and is going to try to punch
through the wall. But I think that the
the person on the sidelines needs to
appreciate that there's going to need
need to be a huge effort to make this
stuff work in a generalizable way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And like we need to see
there's a lot of different things that
we need to see in between here and
there. Like there's so many milestones.
Um,
yeah, even thinking about that gap
between, you know, the Whimo prototype
in 2013 and like robo taxi unsupervised
Whimos today in 2025.
Like, we don't even have the full Whimo
in 2013 prototype
of a working humanoid optimist. Like,
I'm sorry, dancing
doesn't count.
Well, they hiring them for ballet.
&gt;&gt; Yes. the the dancing it's kind of like
the dancing demos and the acrobatic
demos are taking that big complexity
stack that I illustrated and then they
are actually stripping and reducing it
like to a just to basically the action
bandwidth side as in if if you like put
that dancing robot on slightly uneven
terrain what happens is it falls over
and starts like rattling around on the
ground right it's like basically they
are massively narrowing the complexity
on other parts of the stack in order to
demonstrate that it's possible with
software to do this specific very narrow
task. Um, and I think that the the
difference between the reason the
analogy isn't totally
true of Whimo 2013ish to humanoids today
is Whimo at the time was working on uh,
and still I think is working on a much
more fragile
software stack that they couldn't kind
of like throw compute at in order to
improve. they had to throw good human
ingenuity to figure out different like
algorithms and simplifications in order
to improve it. Uh and so there is a if I
take our expectations for robo taxi cash
flow and I begin to throw it into AI
compute um then I think that humanoid
robots could get solved from the
software side in the late in like 2029
2030 uh conditional on robo taxi
producing enough cash flow that you're
putting around $200 billion
into the AI compute required to support
kind of the humanoid robot effort. So,
it's extraordinarily
expensive and it would be great money
spent. Um, and but that's like the scale
of the problem of the challenge that
confronts Tesla. And it's part of the
reason why Elon's like, "Hey, we need to
look at if we can do distributed
training here because I'd rather not
spend all of that out of my own pocket.
I'd rather have it, you know, on these
vehicles that are already sold in and
operating on the road. Maybe I can use
some of the train and compute in order
to throw at the humanoid robot problem
because it really is so vast and um
complex a problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can since the computers
that are going to be in the cars are
going to be relatively similar to the
computers that eventually go into the
Optimus robots that can do all of these
things. You can use the ones that are in
the cars to do RL inside of a synthetic
training environment that like a world
simulator just for Optimus that is very
similar to the world simulator that
Ashok has just shown off for full self
driving but like obviously as you
mentioned much much much more complex
much much richer like you know just
think about the amount
&gt;&gt; think about the world simulator like you
know it like Tesla has this amazing
world simulator of cars on roads. Now,
imagine like, okay, do that, but for
like walking around in your house, you
have to have like a, you know, in my
house, you have to have like a
one-year-old trying to toddle by and
like falling over in front of you. You
have to have a dog that comes over and
barks at you because it thinks you're,
you know, an alien from outer space. You
have to have like the complexity of
doing that world simulation is so much
more than what Tesla can currently do
closed loop because vehicles people do
all kinds of crazy things in cars and it
is a pretty tightly constrained
environment in terms of like what can
practically happen you know
&gt;&gt; and and think about how like datari
Tesla is to build that world sim for the
driving environment just to go back to
that point and like how do you how do
you gather the data resource necessary
to create the world sim for Optimus
where you have you know hundreds of
hours worth of Brett's house and then
you know every every single person's
house every intersection all all the
different things to where you can
actually have a world simulator that is
a proper encapsulation of the long tale
of crazy things that happen everywhere
all the
Right. And but that's you know I could
be holding this to too high a bar as in
if you think about um one FSD has been
even though robo taxi isn't
commercialized yet FSD for me the driver
is very useful right and and it is doing
it's not doing the full task the full
task is I can totally not pay attention
and it can go from place to place um and
as it happens within the driving context
that's a big um tipping point in terms
of like commercialization potential as
in it's evident that it's like not a
hyper commercializable feature relative
to its utility until you cross that
tipping point. Uh and so that in the
translation of performance technical
performance thresholds to markets is
kind of its own black magic and you can
imagine even a humanoid robot that is
not general purpose capable. It can't do
dishes, fold laundry, you know, work the
laundry machine, like pick up leaves off
the lawn, walk the dog, and take care of
the kid, but instead can just take out
the trash and it can just take out the
trash. And then over time also, it can
pick up individual leaves off the lawn,
so you don't have to have a lawn blower.
And then over time, it can begin
watering the plants. like you could have
more analog monetization of this as
opposed to robo taxi which is really
almost a binary in terms of monetization
potential. So it's like is you know
&gt;&gt; what do you pay for some you know a
thing that can generally just like
&gt;&gt; be your um semi-inccompetent handyman
that wanders around the house and can
only do a few things. you know, you
might some people might pay for that uh
at least for the novelty value and then
over time it gets more capable and so um
there's like less of a kind of like
monetization is very low and then it
takes off and more of an analog
monetization as it takes on those tasks.
Uh and so then that could be how you
know Optimus is able to monetize in a
more continuous fashion rather than
discontinuously.
But we will see. Yeah, I think, you
know, Scott Walter's point on this would
just be that there's probably going to
be quite a few tasks. You know, it's
like if you think of all the tasks that
are going to be involved in cyber cab
assembly, like maybe there's 1% of those
tasks that you can start doing with
Optimus and then, you know, as you
improve the functionality and capability
of Optimus over time, it grows to a
larger and larger percentage. And you
can use that as both the, you know, R&amp;D
testing ground and the point where
you're getting some form of return on
the money that you're investing into
these individual robots from a unit
economic standpoint to be like, okay,
you know, it it cost us if we're, you
know, excluding all the R&amp;D,
this robot was $100,000 and we at least
got it to do, you know, $20,000 worth of
useful work before it broke down and we
had to fix it. Um, and
&gt;&gt; I think of it on the also like on the
mobile servicing side. I wonder if
that's a,
&gt;&gt; you know, if if you think about like the
set of tasks that the mobile servicing
techs are able to do and they show up
and often times it's kind of just like
physically looking at your vehicle, you
know, or hearing a thing and being like,
oh, you have to go in. um kind of like
it being kind of the front end of
service in some way or for some service
functions could be an interesting
deployment where um it's dealing with
basically like one object type the
vehicle they have all the data in the
world on like all the service functions
that happen on that vehicle. If they can
begin to use it in the service center
first then it can become like you know
they can basically um more capital
efficiently expand mobile servicing. Um,
that could be an interesting angle. Um,
or riding along in the cyber cab as the
actual box delivery onto the, you know,
onto the doorstep. Like I think that you
could imagine on internal demand they
could find like little niches where it
could plug in that gets them additional
data and allows them to at least capital
efficiently use the robots they've
produced. um in the ultimate aim of
providing something that's economical
enough that people will buy it into
their households or buy it into their
small manufacturing line to like scale
up a function they wouldn't otherwise be
able to efficiently.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um
so we've talked about the software
complexity. One of the things that I've
been thinking about and I'm just curious
to get your reaction to is
one of the things that Elon keeps saying
is that man, hands are hard. And I think
based on the
community's expectations of how fast
Optimus is going to monetize, they don't
gro what Elon means when he says hands
are hard. And so, you know, when you
think about the the hardware complexity,
not even getting into the software
complexity of hands and
the like the number of actuators. So, if
if you want to have a 22 degree of
freedom hand, that means you need 20
some odd actuators in the forearm. Maybe
you can do some creative combinations,
maybe you can't. Um, but if this is
going to be an economically viable
product, you have to make all of those
actuators much much smaller than exist
today. They need to be as efficient as
the most efficient actuators are today.
Then they need to have very low heat
dissipation or you have to actively cool
them, one of the two. because you've got
so many of these little tiny actuators
in such a compact area, even in the
forearm, then they have to be extremely
extremely reliable. And the way that we
solve reliability like that today is you
just make the thing two or three or four
or five times bigger
&gt;&gt; so that you're operating well within the
you know reli or the um like the maximum
envelope that that uh performance
envelope that that actuator could
operate in. But you can't do that
because you need every you know last
ounce of maximum capacity that these
things have. And then you combine that
with all of the complexity of all the
linkage that is involved in moving
fingers from actuators that are in the
forearm. And then you say all of that
needs to be able to run for hundreds of
hours, thousands of hours, tens of
thousands of hours without breaking down
in order for the robot that's using
those hands to do useful work to
actually make money and for your
maintenance and both in cost and in
uptime
not to completely tank the you know the
economics of your robot. So what like
what's your response to
thinking about that challenge?
&gt;&gt; I mean I I agree. I think it's like
there's a whole
[sighs] there's the soft in some ways at
least the software side you can say with
some assurance like you can argue about
kind of like even the order of magnitude
but you can say with some assurance I
can dump like raw compute at this
problem assuming I have am imbued with
sufficient amounts of data which I think
it's a pretty safe assumption that
they'll be able to get but it's all
intertied to the ability to deliver the
hardware performance and they're kind of
like the complexity also explodes
relative to a vehicle. Um, and the um
there's much less of a certainty that
you can just throw resources at it in
order to like move yourself forward. I
think that there's a uh and um it'll
take smart
engineering product design to like think
about where you're going to take the
simplification steps and what you're
going to optimize to. What is the grip
strength that you need? You know, what
is the kind of like Yeah. How how
closely do you need to mimic kind of
actual full human hand to get to the 80%
of tasks that you think are actually
achievable with this thing? I thought it
was really,
you know, Elon mentioned surgery on the
call. I'm like, "God, surgery is going
to be the last thing that we will get to
because like, you know, surgeons have
notoriously the smoothest, best kind of
like fine motor um control. They've done
so much practice. It's so high stakes.
Your error tolerance is so low. Uh it
just seems like that'll
why would you you know you would put all
of that kind of mechanical precision
into a robot purpose-built to do surgery
rather than having like Optimus bundle
in and be like I'm going to do field
surgery here. Like you know maybe it'll
Optimus will be useful for like a field
amputation in the event of an emergency
but probably not the open heart surgery
that we all think of. Um so I yeah I
just think it is uh yes there's an a
whole different long incredibly complex
and challenging road on the mechanical
and um manufacturing side and my
understanding of the humanoid robots in
field today is they do have a pretty
high breakdown rate on the current set
of actuators and sinkers and they don't
they you know they have little paddle
hands for the most part so I think it's
um you know the hands themselves are
probably a challenge as difficult, at
least probably more than the full body
stuff that we see demoed today. That
really wows people, being able to do
acrobatics and dance and stuff like
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that that is the easy trap
to fall into as you see. It's like, wow,
you know, they obviously are so good at
all of this, you know, body manipulation
and control. So it must just like the
fact that they've accomplished this must
translate very easily to these other
things that wait a second why have I
never seen you know a unitary demo of
solving a a Rubik's cube or something to
that
&gt;&gt; effect and it's because
&gt;&gt; that is not something that they're
capable of doing or anywhere even close
to capable of doing and certainly not
with a you know a hand that they can
make for $1,000.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. And ultimately that's what
this there's like
certainly on the mechanical side there
is a hefty introduction intersection
with the economics here where it's like
you have to design to some level of
economic viability um such that you can
sell in to some set of partner
customers. I think the reason these
companies are starting with kind of like
the selling into manufacturing um is in
part be like if you were to go into a
household I think you need to hit like a
car type price point or less probably
like half that 20,000 or 25. Um and
we're not close to that yet. Um, but
ultimately I I would think that
disruption theory would suggest that
it's actually kind of like that
household or that the small manufacturer
that has like six people working
together to build stuff where if one
guy's sick, then you're kind of a man
down and you're like constrained where
you have a robot that can kind of pitch
in um where uh these will sell in. So it
it actually doesn't make that much sense
to say, hey, this robot is going to
compete with all of the wildly automated
functions that are in an automotive
factory already where everything that is
easily automatable has already been
done. Everything that's not is because
it requires like pretty specific human
kind of dexterity and kind of bending
around. And I I think it'll actually be
net harder to plug a robot into those
slots. um you know at least and and so
then there's like stuff at the margin
like moving stuff around that they're
trying to crack but my suspicion is
that's not actually that useful
particularly if it's breaking down all
the time. So I I think there is a
there's not a guarantee that this is a
solvable economic problem this cycle is
what it comes down to. I think I think
it will take insane hard effort. Um and
and that's why you know if you he
alluded to it like the shareholder pack
or the compensation package for Elon or
basically they give him more control of
the the company package. I think it's
important because the bias of Tesla, the
corporate entity, will be to not do this
thing because like why spend $200
billion and an insane amount of sweat
equity and all of this engineering time
to solve this extraordinarily
challenging problem when you could just
collect the rent off your robo taxi
franchise, sit back, you know, do share
buybacks and, you know, pay out
dividends and it's like just become
average average from your current
position would be I think an amazing um
financial outcome for Tesla but actually
a great squandering of the potential of
the corporate entity. Uh and that's why
having Elon Maximally
pushed into like driving the ship
forward is important because you know
institutions
by their nature, bureaucracies by their
nature sand off the interesting edges
and create the smooth average stones. Uh
and I think the company has the chance
to still be extraordinarily spiky and
and kind of pierce kind of the the
frontier of what's possible for humans.
Um, and so it would be great for the
world for him to be super engaged.
&gt;&gt; Do you remember what was the number? I
was just looking it up. Uh, of robots
that Elon has to deliver for the
compensation package. Was it a million
Optimus robots?
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Vaguely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's a good question. Uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think when I first saw the number, I
was like, "Oh, that's not actually that
many." And now I'm, you know, I'm
definitely second guessing that like a
million Optimus robots
is going to be quite the like whenever
you reach a million you've you're almost
guaranteed to have reached escape
velocity.
&gt;&gt; Well, if you've solved the software
side, but like presumably you're you're
producing a million because you can find
a million uses for them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] Yeah. Um, and I mean I
think it it is like a um
I he approaches it from like the total
mass in this thing is less than the
total mass in the in the cars. So then
they should be less expensive to
produce. Um I you know but mass crosses
with like complexity and and I I think
that there's a like you say like the
mechanical actuation side uh is going to
be super thorny uh to scale. Um and um I
yes the my view is robo taxi robo taxi
execution is achievable without Elon and
in fact it would be uh a incredible
squandering if Tesla did not given their
current set of positions. You know maybe
timeline drags a little bit but we're
almost across the finish line here
folks. Like you can hear it. Um, and but
I think without him really pushing, I
don't think humanoid robots is something
that will happen this business cycle. I
really think it requires both him to
push because as he pushes, you know, the
talent, he he burns up talent and so
then they kind of like peel off into the
other entities who then try to follow
and try to follow along. I mean, I think
it so there there's like an a future
equilibrium where we're driving forward
humanoid robots and it's happening and
maybe Tesla's doing it and there's
Chinese companies doing it and and kind
of this is a kind of like set of
technological artifacts that we'll all
have access to in some way and will
enjoy the benefits of um and there's
another forward universe where you know
people say god figure AI at this
valuation and this was crazy like none
of this was actually possible.
And it's not that it wasn't possible.
It's not. It's that like did were there
enough sharp pointy like entities that
were determined enough to push through?
Because I I think it Yeah. The challenge
is like monumentally difficult. And
that's that's I think he was alluding to
it, but I think that's kind of like what
you're alluding to as well is like do
not underestimate how hard this will be,
how there will be like the equivalent of
the Model 3 scaling. It won't put the
company at risk, but it'll make people
question, gosh, we are spending so much
money on this thing. Is it ever going to
cross a threshold where it's going to
begin to return capital? And the Adam
Jonases of the world who are wildly bush
bullish on it now will be turning around
and being like, Tesla is wasting
resources on this thing. This is crazy.
They should just be doing, you know,
this is uh it's never going to happen.
You know, they that is all to come. like
there it is almost inevitable that we
will run into that this cycle and I do
think it's achievable but um yeah don't
underestimate kind of the pain and agony
that the Tesla shareholders will
experience trying to get there when it
is costing
potentially hundreds of billions of
dollars you know that could otherwise be
lining your pockets um all to reinvest
in kind of a franchise that then becomes
again an order of magnitude more
valuable
yet it almost um it makes me think of
the Gartner hype cycle chart and I think
whenever you know whatever prototype it
is that we can assign it to I don't know
maybe maybe the peak is the V3 prototype
whenever they release that if it even
comes in Q1 I'm skeptical maybe later
next year um that's where it's like
everyone is max excited about Optimus
and what it's going to be able to do and
how fast it's going to be able to do all
those things and then and then we'll get
to go through the big long slog of, you
know, having reality smack people in the
face and but eventually it'll be even
bigger than, you know, the wildest
initial expectations eventually. And uh
yeah, it's like Jensen had to do this
with CUDA and the this log that you're
talking about where shareholders hated
it, management hated it, he the board,
you know, took quite a bit of cajoling
and um yeah, even the uh I can't
remember what his name is, but that
activist outside investor took a
position and I'm sure toyed with the
idea of forcing Jensen to stop investing
all this money in CUDA, but was able to
at least at least get him to do a share
buy back and you know did a quick double
on his money and and got out. But that's
the type of attention that gets
attracted to this and one of the reasons
why Elon needs to have the control and
the incentive structure that that you
outlined in order to reach for these
crazy
things. I do think like the control is
really important for him
because I think he would be motivated to
do it anyways. is like I think Optimus
is 100% required on the pathway to
settling you know a self-sustaining
civilization on Mars.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And so I think he has sufficient
intrinsic motivation to accomplish this.
The question is
you know does he do that inside of Tesla
or does he say no never mind I'm going
to do this over here in XAI because it's
a private company and I don't have to
deal with all of you crazy shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Right.
right? Or yes. I mean, I think that I
think in some ways you're absolutely
right as in kind of like you need the
robots for Mars and all of the
technologies that he's building are
useful on Mars, the tunnels, the robots,
the solar panels.
You know, I guess we don't have a
nuclear exposure yet, but he would argue
solar is enough. Um certainly the
rockets and everything at SpaceX and XAI
stuff. Um Neuralink maybe less so. Um
and and um but but I think that the um
it you know I think Tesla shareholders
should think of this as yes competing
for a wedge of Elon's attention and
motivation in some ways and it's kind of
like where do you want him to throw in
kind of his maximum push um and uh you
unlock so much option value like on on
the long kind of business cycle length
time horizon, businesses basically
resolve to uh return on invested
capital. Like that's how you create
value is you have high return on
invested capital. And I think that the
capital that will be thrown into Optimus
will be high return. um if he's pushing
uh if you can also have technologies
that forever like they you generate zero
return even though you throw money into
them over time like and uh and that's
another potential out like in in some
ways that's the outcome that Wall Street
would probably optimize too is like oh
yes we're not we're not not doing
optimist there's just like a this sits
in the other bets category that we don't
actually pay attention to and it's just
like soaks up capital and kind of like
you know, it's um nobody's like really
driven to push anything over the finish
line and they kind of like half-hazardly
get there. I think that's a a different
way this could end up without Yeah.
without the maximal push. Um I think it
it really is required here because it's
so hard a problem. It's really so
dramatically hard.
And then from an investor standpoint,
how do you think about, you know, if if
we live in a hypothetical world where
Tesla is generating ridiculous amounts
of free cash flow from robo taxis
and then they're turning around and
they're plowing a large portion of that
free cash flow into
compute and R&amp;D and probably, you know,
a lot of comput is the the biggest
bucket in there, I would assume. zoom.
Um, do you hold Nvidia and Tesla so that
you can double dip from the flywheel or
uh and and how does the market respond
to the valuation of Tesla if they're
spending all that money on this optimist
thing? Well, yeah. I I think that
there's a
you know, if you think about how we
value the company, as we say, what would
you know, operating earnings, um, and
the market will pay a multiple for
operating earnings consistent with the
free cash flow you could generate off it
if they weren't reinvesting. Uh, and so
like I think the market, a rational
market would look at that and be like,
well, they can always pull the plug on
this program and then I would get this
much net present value of cash flow on a
forward basis. And you're trusting
management that's reinvesting to be
reinvesting in a smart way, you know,
practically. And it's like even if if
you're trading it off a multiple of
earnings, you know, the investment in
capex wouldn't count against earnings.
It would be uh, you know, on the balance
sheet side. Um so uh you know you could
be tolerant of that um on a you know if
you're trading multiple free cash flow
then you say hey they have to do this in
order to keep up but I think that people
would be able to distinguish it. So net
it doesn't if there's like I do think
there's like competing there's
competition for capital allocation where
if once robo taxis going you basic and
the way our model works is they take
like a big bucket of their cash and they
say we're investing this in car
factories as fast as we can right to
scale production because you know we're
going to dominate the world in robo taxi
and um the reality of the model is that
The constraint is not capital. It's
really there's like a certain maximum
scaling rate that we think they can go
on that's governed by management
bandwidth. You know, just ability to you
can't copy and replace the factories.
You have to negotiate the deal for where
the factory goes. There's just other
factors that get in the way that aren't
capital. And so kind of like um you end
up with this excess of cash that as we
model it just builds on the balance
sheet um and then at the end of the
valuation we say well this is what I pay
for the operating business and then this
is the what I pay for the the balance
sheet that's sitting there um and
practically instead of it just sitting
on the balance sheet they're probably
reinvesting more into AI compute than we
currently have modeled because that's
what you'd need and and scaling actual
manufacturing production of the robots.
So by excluding optimist from the model
as we currently do you know you ignore
the fact that it's going to soak up a
bunch of the excess cash that we have
building up on the balance sheet um and
like over again a business cycle forward
from 2030 or even from like 2028 um that
becomes a really meaningful
ROIC function like you can only build so
many robo taxis before you saturate a
market and it's like it's a lot of cars
but it's not that many cars there's two
billion cars on Earth, you don't need,
you know, uh, depending on your
assumptions, you could probably satisfy
the whole earth with a 100 millionish
vehicles,
uh, robo taxis, right? And so kind of
like you don't need to get up to if each
one lasts five years, like you can
dominate the world at a 20 million
production volume, right? It's not
exactly how the math works, but you
know, that's just roughing it out. So
you you don't need to double production
like more than a few times before you're
like, "Okay, I'm getting close to where
I'm saturating here." So then you can't
even if you're not governed kind of on a
um on your ability to deploy the
capital, at some point you're governed
by your saturation of your underlying
market and you need another spot to
stick that capital. I'd prefer it not
being dividended out. I'd prefer being
invested in something that's going to
improve the world. And you know, Optimus
seems like a good sync for that capital
that will absorb a lot of it um to
create Yeah. more sustainable abundance.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yep. And
I think, you know, it'll be interesting
to see where they go with the compute on
this. Elon's talked extensively about
how, you know, AI5 is going to be 40
times better, you know, performance-wise
than
the AI4 computers, which I think even in
that is like hinting towards, hey, you
know, we're going to need a lot more
processing power in these Optimus robots
than we do in the, you know, and 40 is,
you know, a long way short cuz
AI5 will be capable of so much then AI6
six will come shortly after that and it
will be capable of significantly more
than AI5. So, and then you know
subsequent generations. Um, but there's
that and then there's Oh, yeah. And then
we're still going to need a lot of
training compute and you know, a fair
bit of that should be the actual AI5 and
AI6 computers so that we can do
reinforcement learning on these things.
But then there will probably also be
quite a bit of other NVIDIA compute or
whoever's, you know, whoever is doing
the training compute at that point in
time, which it would be hard to imagine
Jensen not being the number one in that
market at that point in time.
Well, it depend. I mean, I think that
there's Yes, I think that uh Nvidia will
certainly occupy
the lion share. I know. Is the lion
share technically a majority? I think
the way we model Nvidia is they have
like 50% of the market in the outyear as
in they lose share because everybody's
investing in their own and still they
maintain a hyperreasonable share. Um,
but there's no doubt that
&gt;&gt; an an extra hyper resangable uh profit
share.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's the question. I mean, it's
like as you're losing share in semis,
you're typically not able to maintain
margin. Like you would think, oh, I'm
giving up share because I'm keeping my
pricing, but usually it happens where
you lose share and you lose margin at
the same time. Um, and that's the real
thorny question about
&gt;&gt; providing the services on top which
&gt;&gt; Sure.
Yes, you can you can like be moving into
higher margin
pieces of the industry, but the fact is
like Nvidia is already somehow magically
occupying like an almost software type
margin selling in semis. This does not
typically sustain.
You know, I I think that I think it's
really clear at least to me that the
inference side is going to be much more
competitive than the training side. Uh
and the challenge is that more
&gt;&gt; and much larger training side.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And more of training is actually
happening through inference now like
chain of thought and you know basically
think of the simulation stuff that
Tesla's doing. They're doing that using
their chips, right? Like they're using
um kind of the there's a reason that
they have their inference chips in their
data centers today and they're talking
about going, you know, their inference
trips becoming the training chips at
least on the AI6 time frame. We'll see
if they can get there, but but it's
partly because, you know, um
reinforcement learning happens basically
by running an inference chip over and
over again, not by running a training
chip. Uh and so if you if you're kind of
like frame on Nvidia is well you know
sure Amazon and with this tranium chip
you know all these guys are investing in
their own inference chips because that's
an opex for them and so you know they
still need an R&amp;D engine to like figure
out what to do next but then once it
becomes productized they have inference
chips they stick up against it which are
you know more economical they don't have
to pay out Nvidia's gross margin kind of
it's like more predictable what the
workloads are and so then therefore they
can like concentrate on the you know
basically asize it. Um but then if those
inference chips then become the tool by
which you're doing training then it eats
more training share over time.
&gt;&gt; Um and so I think that Nvidia's relative
positioning in that future is just worse
&gt;&gt; against a market that is growing you
know astronomically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Those are the I think the way offs
there. It is there's somewhat of an
assumption there built in though that
the workloads that are happening on
inference are static enough across time
to where you don't need a relatively
general inference platform in order to
continue to stay at the frontier of what
it's like you know if you're if you're
going to do an ASIC especially but even
if you're going to um like have TPUs or
inferentia chips, whatever these things
are, you know, those those are a shot at
a moving target of what the inference
workload looks like.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; I think that's totally valid. And that's
actually if you look at Tesla's history,
their
&gt;&gt; the miss with their AI their AI well,
not just Dojo, but their AI3 chip I
think was like misspec to what they
actually really needed.
um as in they didn't know and I I'm not
totally sure how their architectures
evolved from here but they definitely
did not realize that they would need
transformer style operations on their
chip and so that was um computationally
costly to do on AI3 and but then that's
how they got to like how they were
interpreting intersections and stuff. I
think they've actually simplified out of
that a little bit. But but net, you
know, I think I think you're right that
it's kind of like you don't know exactly
what the architecture is going to look
like. We're so early in the engineering
space on AI systems and so it is
dangerous to and I do worry kind of like
they are optimizing the chip to what
they think the architecture is right now
uh and will remain uh and maybe that's a
valid set of moves but maybe it then
again miscast them a little bit about
what they need so they continue to need
to rely on Nvidia to do the training
side just because they're actually
compressing into a model that they're
shifting against the chip that's like
not totally optimized to But now they
have so much headroom it's fine.
&gt;&gt; Um and I think you can generalize that
where yeah if you know I think so yes
it's not all dire for Nvidia. I mean oh
no is an amazing company but I do think
that like there's hefty competition
coming after them. There's no better
advertisement for other people to
compete with you than a huge gross
profit line.
&gt;&gt; And that's what they have. They have
amazing gross profit. And so TSMC is
like, "Hey, we should have some of
that." And kind of, you know, Amazon and
Tesla, all the big Nvidia buyers are
like, "Why are we spending all this
money on their gross profit? This seems
dumb." You know, and so everybody's like
trying to like pick away at it. Um, and
we'll see. which I think also underlies
the business logic of Jensen supporting
companies like OpenAI and but especially
Oracle and Coreweave that you know buy
the whole turnkey solution like hey we
we want to have some customers who you
know show off the flagship product in
its full glory fully vertically
integrated you know Nvidia and nothing
um yeah very very fascinating space I
think we're I I want to be respectful of
your time. Should we go ahead and wrap
up here or?
&gt;&gt; Sure, let's do one or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
[clears throat] we probably should
actually. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Well, then we will do
that. Uh, fascinating conversation.
Thank you for this time with me today,
Brett. I'm sure we'll circle back to
this and similar conversations again in
the future. And uh yeah, don't add us if
you are sad that Optimus is not going to
be printing billions of dollars in cash
in 2028. I'm sorry. That's just uh not
going to happen. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, I think that's Yeah, that
would be a heavy lift. I I I
would be
for an individual buyer, I think I would
be
um optimistically hopeful that you'll be
able to buy one in 2030. Um but I think
actually the ear for an individual like
a household level robot, I think that's
where I would
&gt;&gt; like an Optimus from Tesla or just a
robot from Tesla. You can buy a spy
robot from China right now if you want.
I just wouldn't suggest that you do so.
Um, and like or another way to think
about it is think about the robot dogs,
right? The robot dogs seem like they
should be useful, but they're obviously
not that useful cuz only, you know,
something like 25,00.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, it's like you look at
them and you're like, "God, that should
be really useful." But nobody can figure
out a a really broad way to use them.
And so I think a bipedal robot that
still can't really do anything except
walk around, it's just not going to be
that useful until it can do additional
stuff more than just like picking like
the robot dog can like pick up something
with its little robot dog head, you
know? You need more than just like a
clamp. You need something that's like
another edge above that. And humanoid
robots are always going to be in
competition with a special purpose robot
that um you know you otherwise have. I
don't think there's a universe in which
like or the universe in which we no
longer have dishwashers because you have
a humanoid robot to handwash all the
dishes. I I think that's a much farther
way away. I think that you know kind of
like the special purpose tools in a lot
of cases will be better. Uh and so then
that leaves they humanoids have to plug
into these kind of like general purpose
more ambiguous in some ways really
radically harder problems. uh and so
crossing a threshold of doing like a
sufficient number of those that it's
worth having it wander around my house
uh is challenging. On the other hand, if
it would just walk my dog, I'd probably
buy it. So, you know, one versus the
other. And for those who think, well,
you know, Brett Adcock has one washing
dishes in his house. I mean, you just
have to think about the billions of
dollars that it cost Brett Adcock to
have that figure one robot wash his
dishes one time.
Yes. Yes, it's true. And you know, I
mean, like I said, a dog a dog sitter,
you know, think about how much people
pay to lodge their dogs. Forget owning
the robot. Just have a robot traveling
around to like dogsit, throw the ball to
the dog, take it out into the yard,
prevent it from getting eaten by a
coyote, and uh, you know, pour some food
in a dish. How hard can it be?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
[snorts]
I would definitely pay some money for
that. I don't know if it would be enough
to to afford the robot, but
&gt;&gt; Well, no, but you just need to rent the
robot. If you're going to lodge your dog
with like a dog sitting place in LA,
that's like I don't know. It's like 50
bucks. Maybe it's a hundred bucks a day.
I don't know. It's like a hotel cost for
your dog. You'd rather have the dog be
at home. You can't have the dog be at
home because you don't trust somebody to
come in without robbing you. So then you
need either a friend. If you don't have
friends, you need a robot. The robot
comes to you. It rides in a cyber cab.
shows up. It's the dog's best friend.
This is the way it's going to work.
&gt;&gt; Totally.
[snorts]
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank we'll wrap it up there.
Have a great day, everyone. We will see
you later.