Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       IMPORTANT WARNING: A Huge Shift is Coming
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0imGNyz68-k
Published:   2025-12-05 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We've got Joe Rogan and Nvidia CEO,
Jensen Huang, discussing an Elon Musk
prediction and the future of AI. I don't
know what more you could possibly want
from a clip. Check this sucker out.
&gt;&gt; One of the things that Elon said that
makes me happy is he he's
he believes that we're going to get to a
point where it's not
it's not necessary for people to work.
And not meaning that you're going to
have no purpose in life, but you'll have
in his words, universal high income,
because so much revenue is generated by
AI that it will take away this need for
people to do things that they don't
really enjoy doing just for money.
And I think
a lot of people have a problem with that
because their entire identity and who
they how they think of themselves and
how they fit in the community is what
they do. Like this is Mike, he's an
amazing mechanic. Go to Mike and Mike
takes care of things. But there's going
to come a point in time where AI is
going to be able to do all those things
much better than than people do. And
people will just be able to receive
money, but then what does Mike do? When
Mike is, you know, really loves being
the best mechanic around. You know, what
does the guy who, you know,
codes? What does he do when AI can code
infinitely faster with zero errors? Like
what
what happens with all those people? And
that is where it gets weird. It's like
cuz we've sort of wrapped our identity
as human beings around what we do for a
living. Yeah, I think um let's see.
Let let me start with the more mundane
and I'll work work backwards work
forward.
&gt;&gt; Uh
so
one of the predictions from
uh
Jeff Hinton, who who started the whole
deep learning phenomenon the deep
learning technology trend.
And uh in incredible incredible
researcher, uh professor at University
of Toronto.
Uh he invented, discovered or invented
the the idea of of back propagation,
which
which uh allows the neural network to
learn.
That's the foundation of artificial
intelligence.
A piece of software
that learns from examples.
That's basically we machine learning, a
machine that learns.
Uh and so
so one of the the big
first
applications was image recognition. And
one of the most important image
recognition applications is radiology.
Mhm.
And so
so uh
I he predicted uh about 5 years ago
that
in 5 years' time, the world won't need
any radiologists
because AI would have swept the whole
field.
Well, it turns out AI has swept the
whole field.
That is completely true.
Today
just about every radiologist is using AI
in some way.
And
what's ironic though, what's interesting
is that the number of radiologist has
actually grown.
And so the question is why?
That's kind of interesting, right?
&gt;&gt; It is.
And so the prediction was in fact that
30 million radiologists would be wiped
out.
But as it turns out, we needed more. And
the reason for that
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; is because the purpose of a radiologist
is to diagnose disease.
Not to study the image. The The image
studying is simply
a task
to
in service of diagnosing the disease.
And so now
the fact that you could study the images
more quickly and more precisely
without ever making a mistake and never
gets tired
you could study more images
you could study it in
3D form instead of 2D because, you know,
the AI doesn't care whether it studies
images in 3D or 2D. You could study it
in 4D.
And so the now you could study images in
a way that radiologist radiologist can't
easily do and you can study a lot more
of it. And so the number of tests that
people are able to do increases.
And because they're able to serve more
patients
the hospital does better.
They have more clients, more patients.
As a result, they have better economics.
When they have better economics, they
hire more radiologists because their
purpose is not to study the images.
Their purpose is to diagnose disease.
And so the question is
the what I'm leading up to is
ultimately, what is the purpose?
What is the purpose of the lawyer?
And has the purpose changed?
What is the purpose? You know, one of
the examples that I gave is is um that I
would give is
for example uh if my car became
self-driving
will all chauffeurs be out jobs?
The answer probably is not.
Because for some purp for some
chauffeurs they some people who are
driving you, they could be protectors.
Some people
um they're part of the experience, part
of the service. So when you get there,
they you know, they could take care of
things for you.
And so for a lot of different reasons,
not all chauffeurs would lose their
jobs. Some chauffeurs would lose their
jobs.
And uh many chauffeurs would change
their jobs.
And the type of applications of
autonomous vehicles will probably
increase.
You know, the usage of the technology
within find new homes.
And so I I think you have to go back to
what is the purpose of a job? You know,
like for example, if AI comes along, I
actually don't believe I'm going to lose
my job because my purpose
isn't to
I have to look at a lot of documents. I
study a lot of emails. I
look at a bunch of diagrams, you know,
um
the question is what is the job?
And and uh the purpose of somebody
probably hasn't changed. A lawyer, for
example, help people. That probably
hasn't changed. Studying legal
documents, generating documents is part
of the job, not the job. But don't you
think there's many jobs that AI will
replace? If your job is the task.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if your job is the task. Right. So
automation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If your job yeah. If your job is
the task.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot of people. It could be a
lot of people, but it'll probably
generate like for example
uh let's say we let's say uh I'm super
excited about the the the robots Elon's
working on.
It's still a few years away.
When it happens, when it happens
um
there's a whole new industry
of technicians and
people who have to manufacture the
robots, right? Mhm. And so that that job
never existed. And so you're going to
have a whole industry of people
taking care of like for example you
know, all the mechanics and all the
people who are building things for cars
supercharging cars
uh that didn't exist before cars. And
now we're going to have robots.
You're going to have robot apparels. So
a whole industry of right? Isn't that
right? Because I want my robot to look
different than your robot.
And so you're going to
you're going to have a whole, you know,
apparel industry for robots. You're
going to have mechanics for robots and
you have, you know, people who come to
maintain your robots.
&gt;&gt; though? No. You don't think so? I
[clears throat] think that will all be
done by other robots. Eventually, and
then there'll be something else.
So you think ultimately people just
adapt. Except if you are the task, which
is a large percentage of the workforce.
If your job is just to chop vegetables,
Cuisinart's going to replace you. Yeah.
So people have to find meaning in other
things. Your job has to be more than the
task. That clip was super fascinating. I
was surprised to see what an impact AI
had had already on radiologists. Their
productivity has gone up as they don't
need to check or spend as much time
checking scans. Yet, we also require
more radiologists. My question to you,
Hans, is are there any other examples
like this we can draw upon where AI has
actually increased the demand for humans
in a certain niche or career? Or are
radiologists a bit of a frontrunner or
actually a red herring to the trend and
a rather unique example, which may not
actually carry out to many other
specialties? I want to push back a
little bit on Jensen here and just pose
a question, which is if AI can study
medical images in 3D and 4D better than
humans, what's going to stop it from
doing the diagnostics and treatment
planning better, too? Which would then
eliminate the radiologist requirement
completely. Well, it's a good question.
I think one thing to make note of is
that when Jensen talks about this
question specifically, he tends to think
more in historical terms of what his
experience has been and how he sees that
experience playing out in the near to
medium-term future. He's not really
looking out super super far because he
feels like it's just too hard to predict
what will happen in those far future
scenarios. And Elon actually doesn't
really have that type of limitation when
he's thinking about these types of
things. He's really thinking about end
states of where technology will be and
then is kind of okay with making a lot
of assumptions around what that will
look like. And he's not really thinking
about what the full pathway from here to
there is going to be if, you know,
what's the timeline. He's just thinking
about uh what he views as unavoidable
eventual outcomes. So anyways, I think
that that's important context to note
here. And from Jensen's perspective,
he's thinking about the fact that from
in his own company, what he sees is that
he's hiring more software developers.
He's hiring more engineers even though
all of his existing software developers
and engineers are already using AI. And
so, AI is not necessarily replacing
labor inside of Nvidia. Every time they
are able to be more productive, they're
able to actually make more revenue per
employee, and they always have new work
that they want to do, and especially
based on how fast they're trying to push
the envelope with performance per watt
and performance per dollar. And these
systems are so large and so complicated
that it really takes a gargantuan effort
in order for them to continue to move at
the pace that they move at. And so, they
need all of the productivity that they
can get from their human employees and
all of the productivity that they can
get from their AI labor, and they need
to fuse those together to do what it is
that they need to do. And so, inside of
his company, this is what he's seeing.
It's not just something that when he's
looking at the field of radiology, but
it is something that he is seeing
internally as well. And so, that's part
of why he views this as something that's
likely in the future. And then if we
look outside of Nvidia, I think this is
kind of a generally true trend in
software engineering as a whole. And I
think it really goes to both of his
points that the role of senior
developers really is actually still in
high levels of demand. And anyone who is
a senior developer can use the existing
AI tools to be a lot more productive.
The people that have a hard time making
it in software development right now are
junior developers, and I think the
reason for that is that junior
developers are limited to doing what
Jensen is talking about as individual
tasks. That there are senior developers
that say, "Hey, like this is a very
tightly scoped small thing that you can
do, Mr. Junior Developer or Mrs. Junior
Developer, and go off and do that, bring
it back to me, and then I'll figure out
how to fit it into whatever it is that
we're doing as a whole." That is a task
that AI can actually do. Maybe it's not
as good as some junior developers, maybe
it's better than other ones, and it's
certainly something that it is hard for
an entry-level person to compete with
because that entry-level person is
confined doing mostly tasks. So, I think
that kind of illustrates Jensen's point
overall, and it is a another example
that's outside of the field of radiology
that we can look to to kind of see how
this is working currently. And then
beyond what software developers are
facing and what Jensen is seeing
internally at Nvidia, I think Palantir
clients are another example
of companies where we're seeing similar
dynamics that most of Palantir's
clients, in fact all of Palantir's
clients that I know of, although I, you
know, haven't run all of their clients
down, as they are seeing productivity
gains from implementing Palantir's
Foundry or AIP software, they're not
really laying off new people.
Some of them are continuing to hire
more, some of them are doing more with
the existing staff. But we don't see
Palantir's clients actually reducing
their head count in any sort of
significant way. They're just able to
make more money with, like I said,
either existing head count or increased
head count. And then lastly, another
example that I think the audience will
be very familiar with is Tesla FSD.
Throughout all of the years that Tesla
has been working on the full
self-driving project, they haven't
really reduced the size of their FSD
team, even though the FSD software is
capable of doing so much more than it
was before, and all the tooling that
they've built up inside of the company
is capable of accomplishing so much
more, the team size is, you know, slowly
grown over time. And this is true across
the entire project except for one single
thing, and that is auto labeling. And
that one task of defining what are all
the objects in a scene actually did get
fully, you know, or mostly fully
automated. They did have a large team of
humans that were doing that that were
located in Buffalo, New York, and most
of that team actually ended up being let
go. There are some of those team members
that are still doing some like minor
tasks that are related to auto labeling,
and then others that moved to other
parts of the company,
and then there were some layoffs there
as well. So, that's like one task inside
of the overall FSD thing that has been
automated by artificial intelligence,
but like I said, overall the team has
grown. All of the main senior software
developers are still there, or at least
those jobs are still there, even if
those people have decided to go on and
move to other companies or other
projects. And when FSD is solved, I
think it will be a similar story that
all of the employees who have been
working on FSD will have opportunities
to continue to work on other projects
inside of Tesla, whether that's on
Optimus or whether that's other things.
Now, they may decide, "Hey, you know,
now that FSD is done, my time here at
Tesla's over. I'm ready to move on,
either settle down to new
opportunities." But those jobs will
actually still exist within side of FSD.
And so, for the time being, this just
seems to be the trend that we see for
anyone who's getting real economic value
out of applied artificial intelligence,
either in the digital realm or in the
physical realm. I do think that
eventually AI probably will be able to
fully automate all of the parts of a
radiologist's job, or at least close to
all of them. But in order for that to
happen, AI has to be able to tackle
every single task that is part of the
overall set of tasks that make up a
radiologist's job. And at least as it
stands now, every single one of those
tasks is its own process. And especially
in a regulated industry like healthcare,
there's a lot that goes into tackling
each and every one of those tasks. And
so, it's not this overnight change that
we kind of expect where one day you have
humans doing all of the jobs or all of
the tasks that a radiologist does, and
then the next day it's an AI that's
doing all of those tasks. It is, you
know, a set of tasks that fall one by
one by one by one, and they fall slowly
in in a kind of continuous fashion. And
until the AI is actually able to do 100%
of all of those tasks, up until that day
when the last task falls, we actually
still need humans to do whatever that
last task is, and likely we need a lot
of humans to do that last task because
the cost of doing all those other tasks
will have fallen so dramatically, and
that one bottleneck will actually need
quite a bit of human attention applied
to it. And I think this is where we
really can dig into Jensen's overall
point a little bit deeper. So, my
impression from Jensen, both in this
podcast and in other appearances he's
made, he's not saying that jobs are safe
from AI. He's clearly stated many times
that every job will eventually be
changed by AI at the very least. You
know, if you think of jobs that are
slowly eaten away by AI, eventually
there will only be one task inside of
that job, and that task will fall to AI,
and then that job will have been
eliminated by AI. But that will be
something that happens over time, and I
think this is really the main point.
We're not going to have a scenario in
2027 or 2028 when AI can magically wake
up and do the full job that millions of
humans do today, and then it'll just be
this instantaneous massive job loss.
This isn't going to be something that
happens much more slowly over a much
more expanded time horizon. There's just
a slow march to what it takes to
actually adopt this, to put it into the
real world, to put it into practice, to
incorporate it into businesses and
governments. And so, during that process
of teaching the AI to do all of these
individual tasks across all of these
industries and companies, there going to
need to be lots of people involved. And
since it's not hitting every industry at
once or every job in one industry even
at once, most of the humans in any
individual company or any individual
industry are going to have plenty of
time to actually adapt what their job
actually is, what it looks like, to the
new way that that job will actually
conform around how AI can help them to
be more productive. And you can almost
think about this from the scale of an
entire company or an entire corporation,
that in order to survive, there are lots
and lots and lots of different tasks and
different jobs that a company actually
accomplishes every single day. And until
AI can do all of those different tasks
all at the same time, that company is
still going to need people. And whatever
it is that is the bottleneck that that
AI can't do within the entire
organization will require more and more
people as AI can do lots and lots of
other things really, really well. And
then not only do you have to have that
for an existing company, you have to
have that for a whole set of individual
companies and corporations that work
together as part of an industry. And so,
the scale of AI training that needs to
happen before we can have this fully
automated future of abundance where AI
and robotics do all of the valuable
services and create all of the valuable
goods that we want, there is still a
gargantuan amount of human effort that
is left in order to train the AI and
develop the systems and put all of the
guardrails in place and then manage all
of the cybersecurity that goes along
with all of those things. And so, when
Jensen is thinking about this, he's
anticipating that that process is going
to take many, many decades, and and
therefore it's not going to be something
that we actually need to be worried
about in the next five or even 10 year
time frame. And also, that since this
process is going to be slower, that we
will have more insight into what it will
look like as we get closer and closer to
that eventual future where, you know,
maybe none of us are doing jobs like
mining or cooking. Maybe we all live,
you know, crazy lives where we're
professional athletes or play chess
competitively or Fortnite or future
versions of first-person shooter games.
Maybe you were out exploring the stars.
Maybe you were professional influencers
or adventurers. You know, all of those
types of jobs are certainly on the table
as future employment or professional
hobbies that humans will have in an
abundant future. And many of those
things we already see in existence
today. And so those things can actually
grow the share of jobs that they account
for in the human population, you know,
over time in a way that's manageable and
sustainable and predictable. Ads are
expensive and people don't trust them
anymore, but they do trust YouTube.
That's why three of our clients now make
$100,000 a month for their business from
a growing a YouTube channel. If you run
a business, uh book a call with me and
I'll help you map this out.