Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       AMD’s Sat on a Goldmine – What Happens Next Is Insane
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LSVFDdYaMA
Published:   2025-10-12 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 05:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, it's been a big week for AMD and
now everyone's wondering if they are the
real deal. They're wondering that
because if they are, they have a
gigantic opportunity ahead of them.
Let's find out if they are. I think that
AMD time is here. Let me explain. So, if
you think about the latest conversation,
which is, is OpenAI truly going to be
able to fulfill these commitments? It's
actually the erroneous question to be
asking here because AI is going to be
much bigger than open AI. So if you look
at AI at the moment, it's only like a
very small percentage of companies in
the US that have started to embrace it.
It's only a very small percentage of
consumers that are truly using it to a
fraction of its potential. So this thing
is actually going to get much much
bigger. So if you sort of zoom out, you
have two components to the equation here
as always, which is really what is AMD's
technology and what does it enable them
to do. AMD is the machine that prints
personalized chips at a marginal cost
and offers a total cost of ownership for
customers across a growing variety of
specialized workloads. So what does that
mean? This is this is primarily enabled
by the chiplet platform. This platform
is what enabled AMD originally to
disrupt Intel. It's what's now enabling
AMD to become a crown jewel of the AI
compute space. triplets basically enable
AMD to mix and match compute engines at
will including memory and stuff which I
don't know if you would call exactly a
compute engine but that enables them to
make chips which are highly specific and
highly specialized for given workloads
and that's why that's why they're
actually cheaper to run cheaper and more
efficient to run for customers. So, what
we've seen over the past year or two
with Meta deciding to run all of Llama
405B's inference on the MI300 or the
MI350. I'm not sure which one it was.
Oracle leaning in hard into AMD. Now,
OpenAI leaning in hard. It's because of
this tactical decision that AMD took to
modify their chips and add more memory
than anyone else in the marketplace.
More memory means they can fit the
entire model basically on chip. And so
the distance electrons have to go
between the memory and the actual
computer is shorter because you don't
have to go and retrieve the model from
some other distant memory. It's on chip
and so the inferences are faster. But as
I was saying in my last video, training
is actually actually requires making
inferences too. So that is kind of
coming for full circle. I think that at
some point some analysts were saying
well I think you know AMD has a
strategic advantage in inference. It's
actually tactical because they decided
to add more memory. And if you take a
step back, what that showcases is AMD's
ability to pounce on workloads by
modifying compute engines within the
chip at will, sort of mixing and
matching them at will and at a marginal
cost in order to pounce on those
workloads and just offer a total cost of
ownership advantage. So if you again, if
you zoom back, inference is going to be
massive. But then inference is going to
be distributed too. It's going to happen
at the edge in small devices. And even
if you think about distribution in terms
of data centers, well, some data centers
are going to be massive, but other
companies like Oracle will basically
want to distribute the inference in data
centers too. So maybe have smaller data
centers that are physically close to
where the actual inference end consumers
is going to happen. So distribution is
going to be quite fractal and it's not
only going to happen at the very edge.
It's going to happen all the way from
um you would say the core clusters of
compute like the actual big big data
centers to the very edge and it's going
to be highly highly distributed. So it's
it's I think AMD is just so well suited
uh to capitalize on distributed
inference it's going to be a massive
opportunity. Uh of course so long as AI
scaling laws persist which is not
guaranteed but for now it's you know
it's doing very well. So if you if you
zoom back further again this to me the
bullishness here has uh some something
to do with the recent open AI news but
actually it's just a broader macro
thesis which is AI is automating
intelligence. It's enabling companies to
get more efficient and create more value
for end consumers which is truly what's
important and and so AMD's chiplet
platform enables them to print
personalized chips at the marginal cost.
So say in the abstract, here's what I
think is going to happen over the next 5
years. I think we're going to see some
kind of new compute AI compute workload
emerge. A few years ago, no one was
really thinking about inference. Now
it's all the rage about inference. I
think that as the agentic economy takes
shape and agents start talking to each
other, we're going to see new compute
workloads which are going to require
specific hardware configurations. And I
think we're going to see AMD pounce on
that workload and take most of it. The
first instance of that that I think
we're going to see, and it's not
technically a new compute workload, but
it is a fairly new configuration, is AI
at the edge. I think that's going to be
massive. I think physical AI is going to
be uh one of the primary end markets for
AI, and I think AMD is going to be a a
primary player there regardless of
whether Open AI has the money or not to
pay for these things.
The thing with what's happening with
the, you know, the deals that OpenAI is
doing, which seems somewhat incestuous,
and I have to say that to me it was also
a little bit strange, is that the scale
of what's coming right now, I think is
inconceivable,
and I think we need our industrial
titans to really work together to make
this happen. The OpenAI thing is big
news, but to me, the Oracle one was
perhaps even bigger, right? So we saw
the backlog of Oracle rise very quickly
and that was also driven by uh by OpenAI
but but basically if you watch this
podcast that I singled out uh I think it
was a few weeks ago between Mark
Papermaster and uh and and and this
gentleman from from Oracle they were
really expl they were talking about
distributed inference and that's really
the big big opportunity right now in the
near term for AMD. It's not just the
commitment from an from open AI. It's
what's if if you sort of pause the AI
revolution now, the technology we have
already is enough to make companies
worldwide considerably more efficient,
say 50% more efficient just to be
conservative. And so the capex we are we
are seeing being deployed now by
hyperscalers is sort of a it's a primer.
It's a primer of of this industry. A lot
of the capex that's going to be directed
towards this thing hasn't been directed
just yet. So, I must admit things have
been looking rather good recently for
AMD. Hans, I know you've been looking
into them a lot recently, partly because
I keep asking you questions on them. But
how well do you think AMD is positioned
for the next 5 years? Depending on what
reports you get, Nvidia currently has a
90%, some reports say as high as 98%
market share at the moment. AMD's had a
big focus on inference, memory, and
deploying their chiplet architecture. Do
you think this gives them a good
platform to push off of and to take
substantial market share off of Nvidia?
&gt;&gt; Well, honestly, I think it's kind of a
silly way to frame the question, but
we'll come back to that. Even if I
accepted the framing, I think that that
90% plus number sounds absolutely
ridiculous. I mean, right now, every
single hyperscaler minus Oracle is
building out their own custom silicon
and deploying it aggressively within
their own cloud infrastructure. And
Google just announced that they
processed over 1.3 quadrillion tokens
last month alone. Almost all of that was
done exclusively using their in-house
TPU silicon architecture. So, it seems a
bit silly to think that Nvidia has this
market cornered by 90% plus in any way,
shape, or form. I mean, sure, they are
one of the biggest pure play stock
winners in this race. And they're
especially dominant in training outside
of Google, but there is extremely stiff
competition here, especially in
inference, which over time will be a
workload that's at least 10, if not 100
times bigger than training. And for the
most part, that market is completely up
for grabs. And the majority of the
demand for those inference chips over
the next 10 years is going to be
incremental ad above and beyond what
we're spending today. And this is where
you get to crazy numbers like OpenAI's
deal to deploy 10 gawatts worth of
Nvidia GPUs and then another 6 gawatt of
AMD GPUs just in the next 3 to 5 years.
So yes, I would agree that AMD is well
positioned to begin increasing their
sales. And and we have to remember that
most of AMD's business today is not AI
data center revenue. And so if they're
able to execute on significantly
expanding their sales in the AI data
center segment, then that could drive
huge exponential revenue growth that's
incremental to what they are already
doing in their other core businesses.
And there are a number of elements from
a hardware perspective that actually put
AMD in a very good position to be able
to succeed extremely well in inference
both in the cloud and at the edge. As
Antonio mentioned, AMD's reliance on a
chiplet architecture as opposed to using
larger monolithic chips gives them a lot
more granular control over the
architecture of their chips. And in
theory, this granular control gives them
a better ability to actually optimize
the architecture of the chip for
efficiency and total cost of ownership.
And this seems to be one of the reasons
why OpenAI actually has gone ahead and
started to use AMD GPUs where they're
already seeing that the MI300 and MI355
chips have significant advantages for
specific memory intensive workloads. And
then the MI450 chips that they're going
to be deploying at least 1 gawatt of are
expected to actually be extremely good
at a number of inference tasks for
OpenAI. And over time, this advantage in
the chiplet architecture could also
extend to smaller form factors like edge
devices deployed in cars, robots, or
other smart devices as well. But beyond
chiplets, they're also deeply invested
in FPGAAS, which stands for field
programmable gate arrays. And these are
chips where you can actually modify the
logic flow of the hardware specifically,
which makes them kind of an interesting
Swiss Army knife type chip that could be
a great fit for applications where the
form factor is small or the power
envelope is limited and you need to run
dynamic optimized workloads, which isn't
really a market that we've seen hit the
mainstream yet, but it is also something
that's possible on the horizon. But with
all of that said, software for AMD is
still a huge challenge. As I've
mentioned in some of the other episodes,
right now, the CUDA ecosystem is
definitely the most mature ecosystem for
people who are developing AI software of
almost any kind. In the realm of AI
software, CUDA is basically the iOS,
whereas Rockom, which is AMD's
competitor to CUDA, is kind of like
Android, but it's still way behind. It's
not really like the iOS of today
competing with the Android of today.
It's more like the iOS of today
competing against Android from six or
seven or even 8 years ago. There's just
a lot more developer time and energy
that needs to go into Rockom in order
for it to be able to support anywhere
near the width and breadth and depth of
AI applications that CUDA is currently
already optimized for. But now that
we've actually looked at answers to that
question kind of through the lens of
market share, I really want to zoom out
and focus on the larger meta trend that
is really driving the overall success of
this entire sector because I think this
is something that most people just
aren't aware of and completely
underestimate. There was an interesting
study that was done recently that showed
that demand for compute driven by AI
over the last few years is compounding
at 4 and a half times every year. And
traditionally Moore's law can only
supplies us with about two times growth
every 2 years. And so right now demand
for AI compute is growing 3.2 times
faster every single year than Moore's
law can supply. And it's this huge and
exponentially growing gap that is
actually creating this market demand
that allows all of these companies who
can execute to succeed beyond their
wildest imaginations. This is definitely
a rising tide that lifts all boat for
any good competent semiconductor company
that's able to participate somewhere in
the value chain of these AI chips. And
it means that we need the Nvidias, the
AMDs, the Googles, the Microsofts, the
Amazons, the Sarah Brosas, and the Gros
to all make as many chips as humanly
possible because the number of problems
that we actually want to be able to
solve with AI that AI is actually able
to solve just continues to explode. and
we will use any and every bit of useful
compute that we can get. The future is
AI agents machineto-achine AI
interactions. For example, Palanteer
helps companies set up digital twins.
They've recently had a patent approved
which allows digital twins of two
companies to talk to each other. So, for
example, you could have a supply chain
where company A's digital twin is able
to talk to company B's digital twin to
help improve decision-m and streamline
operations. How do you think this is
going to impact total workloads and what
type of workloads you think they're
going to be? Antonio is very bullish on
AMD. He thinks they are perfectly set up
to dominate and take a lot of market
share in this segment. Do you agree with
Antonio's thesis there? Well, as far as
the workloads that come out of
Palunteer's ability to connect companies
together, that's really I think
primarily going to be CPUdriven
workloads with some more AIdriven
workloads attached to it, but yeah,
primarily going to be CPU. And the
reason that I say that is because that's
really just the nature of what
Palunteer's Foundry and AIP software is.
Overall, it's mostly a framework and
operating system and then guard rails
around data that moves around from place
to place within an organization. And
almost all of that is done with
traditional CPUbased computing. And this
is really born out of the origin of
Palunteer, which started out as a
company that's been around since the
early 2000s and been serving major
customers both in the enterprise and in
the government since well before AI
software really even became a thing. And
so the majority of the foundation for
how Foundry works and for how AIP works
was developed well before neural nets
were really a thing. And then the reason
why Palunteer is such a great AI play is
because it's this CPUbased framework of
software for Foundry and AIP. It
actually creates the guard rails that AI
agents can then go and operate inside
of, but then it contains them and it
makes them a lot more predictable and
actually is capable of processing the
outputs of these AI systems into
highquality work outputs. And so as we
begin to connect one company to another
company and allow them to share data
back and forth, it's mostly going to be
the same type of hyperscale compute
infrastructure that you would normally
think of between a company like say an
Amazon and a Google before AI really
became a thing. And then on the topic of
whether or not I agree with Antonio on
his bullishness about AMD's ability to
capture the majority of the inference
market, I think I'm a strange
combination of being more bearish and
more bullish than him allin one. And so
on the one hand, I would say I'm a
little bit more bearish on AMD's ability
to capture the whole market because I
believe he's given an insufficient
handicap to the lead that Nvidia has
both in software and in scale even if
AMD might have a slight edge over Nvidia
in some aspects of the actual hardware
architecture itself. So between Nvidia's
fearsomeness as a competitor here in the
inference space and then the presence of
other competitors like Samsung with
Tesla or Grock with a Q, I think that
inference is just going to be a
difficult workload for any one company
to just dominate. But with that said, I
also believe that the amount of demand
that we're going to have for inference
compute far exceeds most people's
wildest expectations, which is what I
was referencing in my earlier answer.
And I think because of the size of that
overall market that we're going into
that AMD still has a tremendous
opportunity in front of it to basically
print cash as long as they can just
deliver good solid chips in inference
whether that be in the cloud or for
computers that are going to do inference
at the edge. Both of which can be huge
growth markets for AMD without them
necessarily needing to take 100% of the
market. So basically, if Nvidia can make
good chips and AMD can make good chips
and Grock can make good chips and
Samsung can make good chips and Broadcom
can make good chips, then they should
all be able to expect to basically print
cash for the coming 5 to 10 years. But
then the reason that AMD is so exciting
from an investment perspective is that
the market cap of AMD is so much smaller
than Nvidia and they haven't shown the
high growth rates in revenue or
profitability that Nvidia has shown
recently. And so if they can start to
get some major traction in these new
markets, then that has strong potential
to accelerate revenue growth that could
drive a complete rerating on the stock.
And so I think that's the near to
midterm opportunity for AMD that a lot
of people are excited about. And that
can still be a completely reasonable
expectation to have without having to
stake out a huge bet that AMD is going
to completely dominate the entire space.
And so yeah, that's my position. I think
for the near term at least, it doesn't
look like it's really an eitheror
between Nvidia and AMD. I think it's
actually going to be both with even room
for additional participants beyond them.
Before we wrap, I have to say a huge
thank you to my co-host, David. Besides
being a great co-host with a great
accent, David has been one of the key
figures behind the scenes, helping me to
grow this channel from a thousand to
over 16,000 subscribers and to put out
regular shows that reach millions of
views every year. When he's not
moonlighting with me, he usually works
with businesses who want to leverage
YouTube to grow their online presence,
and he's looking to take on more. If you
want to get more clients and more brand
awareness for your business using
YouTube, I definitely recommend him. You
can book a free call with him using the
link in the description below.