Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       ARK DESTROYS “AI Bubble” Critics with $4 Trillion Prediction
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS3ei54zZ4A
Published:   2025-10-13 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 05:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here we have Arch Invest chief futurist
Brett Winton talking about how companies
are going to finance their prediction of
$4 trillion in AI compute spend by 2030.
We'll also hear his rebuttal to claims
of an AI bubble, plus a small mention on
Tesla and the multiomic space. Brett,
there's a meme going around showing Open
AAI giving money to Oracle, giving money
to Nvidia, giving money back to Open AI.
Can you uh fill everyone in? Why is why
is that going around? One, it's not 100%
accurate. Uh but that'll that'll set us
into the conversation. Yeah, it's not
accurate because OpenAI has a separate
deal with Oracle to build some hundreds
of billions of dollars of data centers
out and Nvidia is um going to sell Open
AI some chips to build out another on
the order of half trillion dollars in
data center. Um along the way they're
also investing equity in Open AI. So,
they're partly funding, you could say,
their vendor financing um the company
that's going to buy their chips along
the way. So, people are saying, "Well,
this is kind of funny. Nvidia is taking
its balance sheet and giving it to
somebody who then turns around and buys,
you know, the meme is buys u pays Oracle
to buy Nvidia chips." And so, it does
seem kind of circular. Um, and I think
that it is extraordinarily difficult to
finance 500 billion dollars in spend.
Um, and I think that um, you know, given
our expectation for it's on the order of
three to four trillion dollars in AI
compute spend in 2030, you're going to
need to see um, a lot of money flow into
this and this is an indication of that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so far some comparisons being
made online are to the.com bubble saying
right this is circular it doesn't make
sense there's no real customers here
then there's a comparison Brett that
you've made as well to uh the buildout
of the railroads in the US um and would
love to dive into that and one thing
I've seen online and people talking
about this is you know the reason that
this is so different from previous
massive buildouts whether it was telco
or rail is that at least so far it has
not been very debt driven right like so
far it's been social media cash flow
driven which is fundamentally different
than debt financing but that was a lot
of talk take
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean right now basically open AAI
and XAI have gone out and raised equity
to invest in this compute there is
already some kind of like intermingling
of if you think about that open AI is
paying not for the underlying compute
but paying an infrastructure as a
service provider like Microsoft for the
incremental compute means that they are
already having somebody else buy the
hardware and they're paying along the
way they're paying an installment plan
for use of these GPUs um and so the
entire industry is in some ways set up
for a different kind of like class of
customers to own the hardware and then
to sell it back to the users of that
hardware. So that's something that's
already happened. Um and um you know
some of the neoclouds that are
specifically catering to OpenAI and um
and anthropic like coreweave they are
also borrowing money in order to buy the
chip. So the the AI foundation model
company is playing on an installment
plan for the GPUs and the person who's
buying the GPUs is also taking NVIDIA
equity and also you know borrowing in
the debt markets to some degree to build
out the infrastructure. At some point
there's no doubt this is not going to
end well. Like at some point we're going
to get over our skis. there's going to
be um maybe not too many GPUs out there,
but too many GPUs in the wrong place or
too many GPUs that are owned by the
wrong entity and um and kind of there's
going to be a restructuring of of how
this all happens. My read on where we
are in the market is we're not there yet
as in like we have on the order of high
hundreds of millions of active users of
AI chat bots. Um I think it's going to
go to 5 billion by 2829 and just cater
right now just catering Nick disagrees
but just catering to those users just
catering to those users requires a huge
amount of compute just even if their use
doesn't change and what's happening
instead is actually you know these
things are beginning to work overnight
on behalf of users they're you know the
the GPU intensity of each incremental
user is also increasing and so um the
big contract to me between the.com model
and this is in the.com model um because
it was all indirectly monetized because
it was all advertising monetized it
meant that um people could put out
inventory for free and say hey this is
going to be valuable because we're going
to be able to sell ads around it whereas
uh at least the current setup of the AI
industry right now is they are um you
know directly charging users for use of
these um chips and at least in so far as
been publicly reported on certainly
OpenAI, they're doing so in a way
that's, you know, not giving them away.
It's gross profitable uh in how they're
structuring their their fees and they're
$200 a month users for these services.
People really like it.
&gt;&gt; So Brett, you're saying we're in like
the second inning here.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Or well, it depends on I mean how
long the baseball game is going, but I
think we're Yes. We're we're before the
halfway point. I would say 1995 internet
is where I'm at. And that's uh you know
uh Yahoo just accepted its first VC
dollars. So there's a lot of like you
know probably big um entities that will
make a lot of money off this that
haven't even yet really been defined or
or breached into the public
consciousness. And there are some, you
know, and in 95 Cisco was around and
they were promoting the internet mostly
as a way to connect businesses together.
Um, and their stock had a, you know, 25x
to go from there to the the peak of dot
com. And the overall market went up, you
know, on the order of 3x from 95 to to
the end of.com. Um, and I think you
actually have, you know, potentially
more headroom. um because right now
we're still focused on this language
space and everything that's going on
with knowledge workers, but these chips
are not just going to be useful for
that. They're, you know, OpenAI is going
to try to push into robotics. Um
certainly Tesla will. Uh I think that
you'll need and in the multiomic space,
you need like a lot more. Um so I think
this is early days of the buildout. It's
rather funny to see all these companies
in a circle passing money to the
lefthand side, but these companies are
actually providing each other a lot of
value. So, this isn't just some infinite
money glitch. Don't worry guys, I'll let
you know when I found one of those. I am
on the lookout. Arc's prediction is that
there will be $4 trillion of AI compute
spend in 2030 alone. So, to get there,
we do need to see some companies writing
some serious checks to one another. So,
if companies like Oracle aren't giving
OpenAI a bucketload of money, then in my
opinion, there's no chance we're ever
going to get to a $4 trillion in spend
by 2030. Hans, what do you make of AR's
predictions? And how on earth do you
think this gigantic project is going to
get financed? Well, I may be a little
bit biased, but I definitely have to
agree with Ark that we are in the very
early innings still of a massive super
cycle that people are just continuing to
underestimate. And I think what this
boils down to is the fact that there's
just a lot of PTSD and fear and scar
tissue about false promises that the
technology industry has made about AI
and about the types of things that
computers and technology were going to
be capable of that just haven't
materialized yet. And AI specifically is
an area of technology that has always
held so much promise and yet building it
practically in the real world has been
so difficult. And it's this difficulty
that has built up a lot of healthy
skepticism within the market around what
AI is actually capable of. But that
said, AI is no longer an immature
industry or technology set that only has
toy use cases. It's actually reached
massive scale already. And there's just
a ton of lowhanging fruit for problems
that AI actually is 100% capable of
solving today that either customers
don't realize are possible or new
companies haven't risen up yet to tackle
that specific vertical use case. And so
AI is just a whole new tool set to
expand the scope and scale of problems
that can be solved with computers. And
the maturity of that tool set has gone
through a massive transformation over
the last 13 years. And it certainly
doesn't look like the number of new
problems that we can solve with AI is
slowing down anytime soon. But beyond
just this expanding TAM of addressable
problems with AI, there's also a huge
arms race dynamic that's going on
between big companies and nations.
Jonathan Ross, the chief architect
behind Google's TPU architecture,
actually had a great segment on this in
an interview recently where he said that
he was talking to a room full of hedge
fund managers that manage probably over
a billion dollar in assets. And of
course, their question to him was, "Are
we in an AI bubble?" And he responded to
them by asking, "How many of you are
confident that 10 years from now AI
won't be able to do your job as a hedge
fund manager better than you can do it
today?" and zero hands went up to which
Jonathan responded and said that is
exactly how every single one of these
big hyperscalers feel right now today.
So of course these huge companies like
Google and Microsoft are going to spend
aggressively with their massive balance
sheets to try to defend their position
at the top of the mountain in this
rapidly changing technology environment.
which means that hundreds of billions of
dollars and even trillions of dollars
worth of capex spend on leading edge
chips is just table stakes to continue
to play in this game over the next
decade. And so when you apply this
existential level of logic that is not
completely rational from a purely
economic standpoint, you begin to
understand where all of this money is
coming from, not only from these big
hyperscalers, but also from large
nations as the sovereign AI trend begins
to really gain steam in the coming
years. But then we also need to take
into account the fact that we are
building out this new AI infrastructure
on top of the rails that we already have
in place with the internet to connect
users to products and then also the
ubiquitous nature of internet payments
that allow those customers to be
monetized in an instant when a new
product or service that really is
valuable comes to market. And so the
existence of all of this infrastructure
that companies like OpenAI can leverage
to become the fastest growing company
that the world has ever known. According
to a chart by Altimeter Capital, they
reached a $10 billion annual run rate in
just 2 years after the launch of Chat
GBT, which is actually 3 years faster, a
feat that actually took Google 5 years
to achieve. So this ability to leverage
the network of the internet and the
existence of all of this ubiquitous
payment infrastructure really
accelerates the time to value capture
which in hindsight was one of the key
drivers of the bust in the dotcom
bubble. Ultimately the internet was
absolutely able to deliver on the amount
of value that investors expected in
2000. But unfortunately, it just took
much longer for that value to actually
be realized because the underlying rails
of the internet economy were not yet up
to the task of supporting billions and
even trillions of dollars worth of
transactions. Now, with all of that
said, I also do have to agree with Brett
that there will be some companies that
do go bust here, borrowing too much
money in order to buy GPUs. In a market
that is as supply constrained as the AI
picks and shovels infrastructure market
is today, it's kind of inevitable. And
now with that caveat in place, you also
have to recognize that in the case of
OpenAI specifically, Sam is a master
survivor and a master manipulator. He
has shown over the course of his career
an extreme talent at being able to
leverage the hopes and fears of powerful
people around him to accomplish his
goals even when things get really messy.
So when you combine all of that
together, you have to consider the
possibility that Open AI might not
actually go bust in all of this. Even
though that's a possible outcome, I
definitely wouldn't want to make a
specific bet against Sam here. So
lastly, let's explore the question of
how does all of this stuff get financed.
And here there are basically going to be
two different models for different
classes of customers. The first is the
hyperscalers. And I think this question
breaks out and has two answers based on
the class of customers, which we'll say
are hyperscalers and then everyone else.
And for the hyperscalers like Google and
Meta and Amazon, these are all companies
that can actually take all of this
research that's being done into AI, they
can apply it to the nuts and bolts of
these massive businesses that they
already have to increase their free cash
flow. And so the clear model for the
hyperscalers is that they're just going
to continue to spend out of their
massive balance sheets and their free
cash flows as the market forces them to
invest aggressively based out of a
survival imperative. But also don't
forget that these companies are massive
businesses and that all of the research
that they have poured into AI over the
past decade has actually paid dividends
in their ability to increase
productivity and drive revenue growth.
It is precisely their research into
artificial intelligence that has
actually fueled the massive
profitability of the adriven models
inside of Google and Meta over the past
decade. And so it's not only possible
but also likely that they will continue
to see ROI on these investments into
infrastructure that helps to self-fund
this flywheel of AI infrastructure
buildout for many years to come. And
then when we move beyond the
hyperscalers to everyone else, that's
where things get a lot more interesting.
And so this non-hyperscaler segment of
the AI infrastructure market is where
you're beginning to see a lot of these
creative and cooperative arrangements
that help to facilitate these huge
projects that are some of the largest
infrastructure buildouts we've ever seen
in history. And so far based on the
deals that we've seen between Nvidia and
a number of other companies, these new
deals are taking two distinct forms. The
first form is what we've seen in the
deals between OpenAI and Nvidia and also
OpenAI and AMD. In both cases, what we
see is that there needs to be about a
hundred billion dollars worth of
infusion of assets into OpenAI that in
turn provides seed collateral that
OpenAI can then go and use to bring in
other investors from banks and other
financial institutions. And then the
other form of agreement that we see is
Nvidia's deal with Cororeweave to backs
stop minimum GPU demand which helps to
set a floor on Coree's earnings which
then in turn makes Cororeweave a lot
more attractive to lenders as they go
out and try to secure debt to
aggressively build out more capacity.
And then when you step back and ask
yourself the question, why is Jensen
Wong and Nvidia willing to make all of
these investments into these companies
that seem like they're so risky and
non-conventional and even potentially
circular? The answer to that question is
clear. Every single one of the
hyperscalers that I mentioned earlier,
Amazon, Microsoft, Meta, and especially
Google all have their own in-house
silicon efforts that they are all
leveraging to try and reduce the amount
of dependence that they have on Nvidia's
hardware and ecosystem. And so from
Jensen's perspective, it makes a lot of
sense to incentivize this portion of the
non-hyperscaler market to continue to
grow because for the most part all of
that lives inside of the NVIDIA hardware
and software ecosystem. So not only does
he want these neocloud companies like
Oracle and Coreeave to succeed, he also
wants OpenAI and XAI to succeed as well
because their models are actually
developed on Nvidia hardware. Whereas if
Google or Anthropic end up taking the
lead in these frontier AI models, those
are something that would be developed
either on Google's TPU silicon or
potentially on Amazon's tranium silicon.
And so a lot of these investments by
Jensen are actually him utilizing his
massive balance sheet and free cash flow
to fight back against these hyperscalers
which are trying to displace him from
the market. And so what we see playing
out here is a massive war of ecosystems
that has a tremendous amount of
downstream applications for enterprise
and consumer AI as well as the
development of robotics in the coming
decade. The conversation with Brett did
segue onto AI being in the second
innings. Hans, how do you think we know
that we've left the first innings? What
do you think the next innings will
entail? And how do you think we're going
to know once we're in there? And then
also, there was a brief mention at the
end about robotics and the multiomic
space. I think this is going to be big.
I predict you think this is going to be
big. Can you explain to the audience as
to why you think this is going to be
such an enormous extension to the AI
market? Well, to start with your
question about how do we know if we've
actually left the first innings of this
massive AI super cycle? I guess it's
somewhat a matter of definitions. You
know, when do you say that this whole
thing actually started? And as far as
I'm concerned, all of this really
started with AlexNet back in 2012, which
showed for the first time that we could
really use neural nets running on GPUs
to do useful and valuable work. And that
kicked off a whole revolution of
research in machine learning that
Google, Meta, Netflix, Amazon, and lots
of other big tech companies have been
using ever since then to drive
productivity growth and revenue
expansion. It has actually been the
application of these neural networks to
the ad-based business model of companies
like Google and Meta that has driven
most of the phenomenal returns that
those companies have experienced over
the last decade. And then it's been a
portion of these returns that they have
been able to plow back into further R&amp;D
in AI that has then produced the
follow-on breakthroughs that have led to
innovations like chat GPT. And so I
would say that we've actually left the
first innings of this AI super cycle
because it's now broadened out into the
consumer space beyond just being
primarily a technology that only the
biggest companies in the world can use
to optimize their revenue. But with all
of that said, I would still agree that
we're in very early innings of this AI
super cycle because there are still so
many problems that we haven't even begun
to solve with AI yet. From my
perspective, I wouldn't even say that we
have reached the halfway point of this
game until consumer adoption of AI just
in the lowhanging fruit of today's form
factors, websites, and other services
reaches at least over 50%. There's still
so much lowhanging fruit to get out of
using AI to optimize existing apps or
websites on the internet. And so many
people who have never used any chat
service, whether that's chat GBT or
Gemini or Grock or any other option. And
all of that's just talking about the
apps, services, and websites that we
already use today that could still get
so much better with AI before we even
talk about platform shifts. Things like
voice interfaces and AR glasses in
immersive virtual reality environments.
Every single one of these platform
shifts is only possible through the
application of AI technology. But each
and every one of these technologies will
drive a fundamental new shift in
consumer behavior and use cases. So then
if you combine that with all of the AI
powered smart devices that we will
increasingly be surrounded by, you can
see how much untapped potential is still
left on the table for AI to begin to
address. And then to move on to your
question about robotics and why that's
such a huge extension of AI. Well, every
single one of the technologies that I've
just talked about is really focused on
improving our ability as humans to
interact with the physical world around
us that is actually quite dumb apart
from a few AI powered smart devices. And
this is where the AI robotics revolution
comes in. Physical labor already
accounts for a ton of value in the
economy. And this is really what the
entire industrial revolution was about.
We began making machines that could
supercharge our ability to accomplish
physical labor tasks in the real world.
And through this mechanization and early
forms of automation, we were able to
drive massive productivity gains in the
economy that has pulled billions of
people around the world out of poverty.
But throughout the entire industrial
revolution and even most of the
automation that we've been able to
accomplish so far, our machines
themselves weren't actually smart. The
reality is that all of the automation
that we have built up until the last few
years was extremely brittle and
extremely complicated. And it took a lot
of effort by very smart software
engineers in order to get these more and
more complicated machines to do exactly
what we wanted when we wanted it and how
we wanted them to. And this lack of true
organic intelligence is the reason why
humanoid robotics has never been a
feasible project for humanity until now.
But with the advent of AI, we finally
have the ability to actually create
machines that can interact with the
world around them in a way that is
flexible enough and autonomous enough to
actually be able to get more useful work
out of that robot than it takes humans
to put into programming it. And that's
the real unlock. And so this ability of
neural networks to actually be able to
do intelligent work combined with the
fact that it's getting cheaper and
easier to produce software using AI
tools is driving this inflection point
where it's easier and easier and easier
to get economically valuable useful work
out of robots of many form factors. And
once that threshold has been crossed, it
opens up a tremendous amount of
possibilities to use robots to make new
goods and new services at prices that we
never could have imagined only a few
short years ago. And so this application
of AI to robotics is really a whole
super cycle unto itself that is going to
dramatically change the world around us
in the coming decades. But with that
said, the humanoid robots specifically
like Optimus or Figure or Unitry is
something that I think is going to take
a little bit longer to really get
started than most of my fellow Tesla
fans would really hope. And the reason
that I'm kind of skeptical on that
specific use case in the near term is
just that I don't even see a real viable
prototype of a humanoid robot today. And
while I love watching all of the cool
demos from all of these companies, what
we really haven't seen yet is a robot
that can continuously do work on a
single job for months at a time. In my
opinion, that is actually the first
viable prototype of the humanoid
robotics form factor. And then once you
can accomplish that, then the question
is, okay, how do you take that and mass
manufacture it? And that's when you get
into the phase that Elon always talks
about where prototypes are easy and
production is hard. And it's only after
we've crossed that threshold that then
we can even get into the phase of
production is hard that Elon always
talks about which will still be an
enormous lift and take probably many
years. And then as far as the multiomic
space is concerned that is definitely
something that I'm excited about but I
am by no means an expert there. I just
know that it will offer us the
opportunity to really improve a lot of
our medicines and healthcare outcomes
and that is something to be really
excited about. Before we wrap I have to
say a huge thank you to my co-host
David. Besides being a great co-host
with a great accent, David has been one
of the key figures behind the scenes,
helping me to grow this channel from a
thousand to over 16,000 subscribers and
to put out regular shows that reach
millions of views every year. When he's
not moonlighting with me, he usually
works with businesses who want to
leverage YouTube to grow their online
presence. And he's looking to take on
more. If you want to get more clients
and more brand awareness for your
business using YouTube, I definitely
recommend him. You can book a free call
with him using the link in the
description below.