Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Built The Ultimate Supercharger Experience
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCk8Dp3_geE
Published:   2026-07-26 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-26 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There are some charging locations that
are not great, others that are quite
good. This one is the quite good
variety. This is the new Lost Hills
location. Uh the Oasis, if you will.
It's on the map. Uh named as such,
though. Navigation doesn't quite get you
here. That's a whole different matter.
But I'm going to show you what a
supercharger should be. You got to check
it out if you get a chance. Why not? I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
[singing and music]
So, the first thing you will notice, the
only kind of because it is nighttime
when I got here, is uh solar canopies.
Yeah, solar and the V4 chargers. That's
helpful. But is it enough? I don't know.
You tell me. When I got here, there were
150 stalls open. That's quite a few.
There's uh tables. You can uh have a
comfy seat during sunshine hours. That
might be a little uncomfortable, but you
can still do it. V4 cabinets. That of
course means that you can uh get a whole
lot of juice a whole lot of quickly, at
least as quickly as anyone can on a
Tesla. When you get around to the
building here, you've got bathrooms of
three varieties. Solo bathroom, ladies
room, down at the end, the men's room.
Those are big bathrooms. You can see by
the size of the outside of the building,
they're full size. Let's check inside
here. Inside you've got vending
machines, some cool stuff, some food,
some moch, you got a Cyber Beast, uh,
trucker hats, you got Tesla hats, all
kinds of other stuff. Uh, road cup. I
don't know. Model 3 projector lights.
Kind of fun. Over here, you've got, you
know, more refreshments and a coffee
machine. Two bucks. That's fantastic. I
had no idea. And uh you know, some other
light snacks. Nothing too exciting. As
we go back outside, what we find is uh
water. Got awa for the humans or the
dogs. They do have some artificial grass
out here, some shade, which is kind of
nice. But the big thing that this place
does, I mean, yeah, it's big. Yeah, it's
comfortable, but it's mostly off-rid
almost entirely.
What that means is all of these solar
panels on all of these canopies all the
way around. They're feeding the mega
chargers which you can see off in the
distance over there over yonder. Going
to point it back to me because there's
people around and I don't want to upset
them. They didn't sign up for this. You
can sign up for it. You can hit
subscribe. You can join me on Patreon. I
don't know. You can do all kinds of
things. I believe in you, man. So, what
this means is for the most part this is
off-grid all day. It charges all night.
It discharges solar panels into mega
packs into cars on a busy holiday
weekend. They can uh pull some juice
from the street, but it's not a very big
connection. It's not a very fat
connection. Means they could also sell
that juice back to the grid cuz most
days this is way too much solar
production for the number of cars that
they've got coming through. So, we'll
take a look at the cool sign here. We've
got Oasis Tesla for men. Now, I don't
think that's uh I think I might have
added that last part. It's really hard
to know for sure, though. Uh because I,
you know, I don't work here, so I don't
know all the ins and outs. Employees
only.
Uh when you get here to use the
bathrooms, you need the code. Just pull
up the location on your app, click on
this location, click on the number of
stalls available, and it'll show you the
charger information. Scroll down, you
will find the code in addition to
whatever stalls are out of service.
There's a whole bunch of danger high
voltage here. Don't get yourself zapped
to any portion of death. I do not
recommend it. Uh, regardless of how good
your insurance is. So, that's it, guys.
Lost Hills. What do you think? What did
I miss? What did I misunderstand? Leave
it in the comments below. And everyone
else, stay tuned. Get juicy cuz you
know, Chargers. Yeah. And I cannot wait
to hear from you clever robots. uh on
the road where I'm going to be, you
know, spending some fun time.