Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Retires Falcon 9 For Good | Waymo, Starlink, & BYD EXPAND!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd0LI0WArPI
Published:   2026-08-31 07:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-31 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Monday, August 31st. A good Monday
to one and all, at least those who
celebrate. Uh, it is time for the weekly
news roundup. There's a whole bunch of
news to get to. Normally, I have a Q&amp;A
at the end of this, but I am on the
road, so this is a pre-take because
internet is just too shaky. I can't do
it, man. Okay, so let's get right into
the news. What have we got here? We're
going to start with uh SpaceX. Goodbye,
Falcon 9. We barely knew you. uh
retiring the workhorse. So, Florida will
no longer be launching Starlink. It'll
continue launching from uh Vandenberg,
but those are polar orbits, not uh not
the, you know, typical 53°
58° inclination ones that are the most
common. Uh so, I love it, man. SpaceX
launched the first Falcon 9 in 2010.
It's only been 16 years, and it has
lifted off nearly 700 times to date. the
first orbital rocket to ever land and
refly its first stage booster. As we
know, uh this is a very very reliable
rocket. One story explains that booster
1067
has flown almost as many times uh in in
reuse as the uh shuttle Discovery
accumulated over its 27-year career.
Shuttles were intended to be rapidly
reusable. Somehow they were not. Um, a
lot of problems came into play. This I
don't know if it's good. I've got it
muted. This is the big SpaceX news from
today. Falcon Heavy lifted off uh
delivering the Nancy Grace Roman
telescope which was developed in just a
few years uh to go out to Lrange Point
to do a whole bunch of photography. It's
a it's Hubble on crack is how it's been
described. It does exactly what Hubble
does, but with a hund times wider field
of view, which means in 3 months when
it's switched on, they can configure it,
calibrate it, all that. If everything
goes as planned, it will gather as much
data as Hubble has in about 4 months.
So, that's exciting. Uh, so what else is
going on here, man? Uh, let's, uh, stop
doing that and get to the next news.
Whimo to launch in Germany headed to
Munich. Whimo said Tuesday it plans to
launch a robo taxi service in Munich
months after uh the vehicle set up an
entity in Germany. Company still must
weave its way through mapping and
testing with regulatory hurdles. But
this means robo taxis are going
international.
I think Whimo can brute force their way
into this solution. I know there's a lot
of debate on social media specifically X
saying what can and can't be done. Well,
hey uh it can be done. Uh the question
is uh will it uh will it be profitable?
Every company that gets in this makes it
easier for other companies to get into
it and if you have a better product you
will win. That's my key takeaway on that
front. BYD hits 10,000
flash chargers deployed in 6 months.
Handles stations, 10,000 of them. 1.83
million users, 33 of them. 33% of them,
not even BYD customers because other
companies have flash charge capable
batteries as well. I wouldn't say
everyone, but I would say close to it.
Boy, this poor little laptop is just
struggling.
I'm not going to buy another Dell. It's
uh that's a fact. BYD says it flash
charging network uh covers 325 cities.
210 million kilowatt hours have already
been delivered. I was asked a question
uh in the comments of a video recently
saying why do we need flash charging in
the US? What we need is you know more
apartment charging. We do but I don't
know how a car manufacturer can fix
that. they can't. Uh so flash charging,
it was pointed out that not just faster
charging for people who can't park
overnight, but also for it needs to be
affordable. Well, if you're moving juice
more quickly, maybe you could do it with
a lesser markup. If the utilization is
higher and the throughput is higher, you
could do it with less markup. Those
operators are already typically paying
less than you are at home. They could
mark it up modestly and still come in
well under the price of gasoline. Will
they in the US they remains to be seen.
Uh Lucid has this big nasty recall. Oh
my gosh, you guys. It's so terrible.
Lucid is recalling 27,185
air luxury sedans after discovering a
software controlling certain exterior
lighting circuits could allow them to
overheat.
Guys, it's a software recall. It's
already been done. If you have a Lucid,
I mean, you can check if you're
affected. Probably were, didn't know it,
did not suffer any loss from it. Um, but
uh the recall is already done.
Sensational news. Do be sensational. I
do have some other uh Nepal news to
share, but I will share that
momentarily. Absurdly fast EV chargers
are coming to America, but cars aren't
ready. Forget 400 kilowatts. The next
ones are even faster. 800 megawatt,
megawatt and a half. Uh, a few years
ago, 300 plus was the cutting edge, but
a new trend is emerging. 5 6 and beyond.
Uh, yeah. Uh, but the cars aren't ready.
Go ahead and future proof your stations.
That's the whole point. That's the whole
plan. and then you can uh be ready for
them when the cars are ready. It's not
like you're going to lose on that
equation versus in Nepal. I had a chance
to talk with the engineer at the power
company, national power company in
charge of infrastructure deployment. And
he said a real problem they're having is
all these companies they told to come in
early, move, get it done, put in 60, 70
kilowatt chargers and now they're in a
pickle because the competition is
selling much uh higher rated chargers.
Uh, so that is they're ending up with
stranded assets. Don't end up with a
stranded asset, you guys. Uh, don't
don't be that guy. Speaking of stranded
assets, Honda's dead EV program is
slowly rising from the grave. Guess how
slowly? The future of electric Hondas in
North America has looked pretty bleak.
What? It's going to be back next decade.
What? What's that now? Say it once again
into my good ear. That's ridiculous.
Maybe uh you should do something before
you run out of time. I would argue that
it's very likely that next decade is out
of time because you see other companies
like BMW have already sold 2 million
electric cars and Europe bought seven in
10 of the ones it shifted last quarter.
The 2 millionth was I love this. The 2
millionth one was an i5 M60 X drive uh
built in Bavaria. Was it? Did you
actually keep close tabs back close? I
mean, I guess so with the VIN software
maybe, but it doesn't matter. Uh, the
group expected deliveries uh fell uh
7.4%, Chinese sales dropped more than
20%. Interesting. Just means sales are
down. But it also means that BMW is on
the right track. If they want to sell
internationally, they have to sell
what's being sold internationally, which
is EVs. That's the future.
I interviewed a whole bunch of people at
the auto show today, closing day, and
they said, I asked them, "What do you
think of electric vehicles?" And almost
all of them said, "Well, they're the
future." They did raise some interesting
new concerns. Check back for a video on
that at the appropriate time or the
inappropriate time, which would be every
video. Check back every video uh for
that because that'll be fun. As a
reminder, I am not live. It's just a
premiere. So hopefully I put on the
shorter, less obnoxious uh premiere
intro.
Made in Mexico. $9,000 EV could be a
California commuter's dream. See if any
pictures show up. This guy, I tried to
see this car when I was in Mexico. Uh
they said, "Uh,
hey, you guys, uh, manufacture out in
Pueblo. I could I could go out there.
And they're like, nah, nah, we actually
we're actually in Mexico City. I'm like,
great. I'm in Mexico City. And we danced
around and I never got to talk to them.
I literally had a place like mile from
their headquarters. Did not get to see
it. and their WhatsApp had uh
disappearing messages turned on. So
that's weird. Uh so like while we're
talking, messages are disappearing. So
that's ridiculous. Uh it's a compact
city car. $9,000 for a very short range
and only, you know, 2530 m an hour. It's
a city car. Uh but if you could make
them for 9,000, if you could sell them
for 9,000, who guys, you got a winner.
The real trick in Mexico is the charging
infrastructure is not keeping up. It is
absolutely not keeping up. Very
frustrating. Kia EV3 to give America a
cheap electric car option. Now, when you
say cheap, uh how cheap do you mean? The
answer is not that cheap, but it's a
whole lot of car for the money. Um it's
not meant to be bolt cheap. It's not
meant to be in base model leaf cheap.
It's meant to be good. Um, so 31385,
it's great. That is Leaf pricing. That
is Bolt pricing. And let's be honest,
that's a lot more car. Uh, so good job
Kia. Keep up the good work. Uh, Sungrow
breaks ground on a 10 gawatt hour
battery storage facility in Egypt. Sunro
has become a construction zone uh uh
begun construction of a $50 million
battery energy storage solution factory
in Egypt's Suez Canal economic zone. Why
didn't they go with Tesla?
Cuz uh 50 million is not going to get
you 10 gawatt hours. But we'll see what
uh what Sunrow's reliability is. This is
a very big opportunity for them to strut
their stuff. Um, that's a whole lot of
storage uh for a very small amount of
money. I wish them all the best. I'm
confident uh something will happen.
Thermal runaway solved.
Non-flammable sodium battery passes
extreme safety testing. Now, we've been
talking about sodium batteries for a
couple years now. back when they were in
pilot production. They've been in cars
in China for two or three years now,
probably two years, but they were city
cars. They were short range, short
powered city cars. The technologies
continued to mature. Volume production
has begun. The batteries are working.
They're great. Um, they're a little
bulky for automotive use. You can get
the watt hours per kilogram to a
reasonable level. You cannot get the
volutric density to where it needs to
be. So even if you use the entire space
for a battery in a existing Tesla for
example, you would not get 75 kilwatt
hours of of usable juice. It might be 52
54 which is fine in some instances. It's
not great. Uh but this is a very big
step. you need to do your safety uh and
validation testing. Uh what I should do
is take a break and say thank you to my
subscribers, to my channel members, to
my Patreon uh YouTube and ex uh paid
supporters. Today was the last day of
the car show and uh my editor said, "Oh,
uh come on over. There's a little uh
ending ceremony where they were giving
out awards for like the best auto boot,
the best uh component supplier boot, the
best uh motorcycle And
how cool is this? This is uh something
they gave me. They wanted to say thank
you for coming all the way here. Uh
yeah, expression of gratitude. Um for
me, a international delegate.
My gosh, what an absolute honor. What an
absolute honor. Um
two years running, I'm the only member
of the foreign press in attendance.
Uh, it means a lot. Yeah, it means a
lot. They're going through a lot and
they took the time out to be
to be cool. So, I uh means a lot to me
and thank you guys for making these
journeys possible.
Jim Iowa Jim said, "Did you get the auto
show to sponsor your trip so you could
make it happen?" I said, "No, no, I no I
did not." So, it makes these trips more
difficult, impossible without you guys.
kind of want to say thank you. Um,
ranked car brands with the most loyal
customers. I posted this on X and James
Stevenson said, "Ah, what an ugly
chart." And I was like, "Well, uh, you
know, surely we can find something
better." Turns out James had already
made something better quite some time
before that showed it in much better
fashion. He made a much better chart.
This one shows year-over-year. Good job,
James. Appreciate it. uh don't
appreciate you pretending you made it
and it wasn't low-key, but that happens
uh to the best of us, I suppose. Uh so,
yes, Tesla high in brand loyalty, low in
being surprised that they're high in
brand loyalty is is the takeaway there.
Uh I guess we're getting back to this. I
meant to couple them together. I
apologize that I did not. Investment in
colllocated solar plus storage.
So you put the solar and the storage in
the same place so you get smoother
output. I suppose
25 billion in the first half of this
year including according to Bloomberg.
Global energy investment uh reached 327
billion first half of 2026
uh as capital shifted towards uh
renewable plus solar and just the
colllocated 25 billion. We're talking a
third of a trillion dollars in renewable
energy investment.
Amazing. Another big one we've got here,
Starlink stuff, MTN Uganda, uh Starlink
deal. Uganda Uganda uh will be able to
have access to Starlink. They'll gain
access to the broadband service through
expanded partnership between MTN Uganda
and Starlink collaboration. I mean,
look, the satellites are already there.
They're going overhead no matter what.
Do you want to use them? Do you want to
have access to them? Do you want to be
able to uh get your nation connected
quickly? It's one of those leapfrog
technology situations like how many
nations never laid out all the copper to
connect phone lines because the
countries were too large. If all of them
had done that, there simply would not
have been enough copper. You could also
cover the world in fiber. But there's a
cost. So maybe let's skip that cost. And
I've had people say, well, yes, but
Uganda and India, India's also on the
list. I think I mentioned them last
week. The the map is filling up, you
guys. Who can afford it? Who can afford
$100 a month? Starlink doesn't cost a
hundred a month in those countries. It
costs 100 a month where we are because
we can afford it and because that's what
it's worth. Uh and the company needs the
money to put up more satellites. It's
very expensive. But when they're on the
other side of the world, they're doing
nothing. Maybe cooling down and juicing
up, but now they can be generating
revenue while connecting the world to
the internet. Congratulations Uganda for
that. And the final story, another one
exactly like it. UAE grants a 10-year
license. This site is so good at trying
to spam me. Uh UAE has granted a 10-year
license to broadcast to provide
satellite internet service over their
country as well. Population not as big
as Uganda perhaps or India definitely,
but it is uh still again filling in the
map. The real nice thing is this means
that when you're in the air over these
countries, you're still connected. When
I flew from Qar to Catmandeue, I am now.
Uh the Starlink only worked about half
the way. Once you got over India and
Nepal, there's no Starlink. You got to
wait till you're back on the ground.
Hopefully that can change. A lot of
countries have the 50% 51% domestic
ownership rules and will not let
Starlink in. Hopefully that's something
they can find a solution to. I
understand both sides of the argument. I
get it. So guys, thank you so much for
being here. We made it through. Uh uh
subscribe, subscribe, watching. I will
be flying back on the 4th. So this is my
last remote without it being live. And I
look forward to hearing all your
thoughts in the comments. What did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? If
you're catching it on the replay, I
mean, they're all replays, but you know
what I mean. You got to let me know that
as well. And everybody else, like,
subscribe, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots perhaps on 10:10 at the Takeover
in Austin or the days around it. Uh, and
then the following week, I'll be in Los
Angeles at the diner for an event there.
check with the LA Club owners uh owners
club of Los Angeles for details on that.
And then uh if you're in the Northwest,
I will be doing Friendsgiving this year.
You can join me. There's a handful of
folks who show up every year and we have
a great time and even better stuffing.
All right, talk to you clever robots
there.