Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       America Is Blessed And Cursed By The AI Boom
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek105HVZHHA
Published:   2026-10-01 18:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-02 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think the United States is sort of
blessed and cursed in this arena.
Blessed in a way that it's the it is the
place where most ambitious people go and
so by default the country is going to
like like from 200 years ago 250 years
ago and and then on it has been a magnet
for people that are seeking a better
life through effort. That's just that
that I think that's what defines our
country. That's what it means to be
American. It's not really like like most
other countries in the world. Basically,
I would argue essentially every other
country in the world where where your
you being part of that country has some
sort of ethnic thing to it, right? Like
Spain like Europe welcomes too many
immigrants. One could argue, but like
Germany is German, Spain is Spaniard,
France is French, right? Uh but you you
can sort of like you imagine this kind
of person that lives in that society.
They look a certain way. They behave a
certain way, which is great. America's
benefit, I would argue, is that it
doesn't matter what you look like.
Truly, it's it's your character and the
drive and your want to use your time and
effort to create a better life for
yourself. And with the way we've
constructed constructed the country from
a law perspective and a system
perspective and a governance perspective
and an economy perspective, you will win
even harder if other people choose to
buy your products or services because
then that's that is the signal that says
you are creating really useful things
and valuable things. So that foundation
is a magnet by default for people that
love to build things. And so in a in a
in a time where building things has
become a lot easier and a lot less
there's a lot less friction, we should
see an explosion, a massive explosion of
individuals that are finally taking the
bull by the horns and they're building
things. So we're going to see that for
sure. So, we're going to see a
percentage of the population is going to
go like massive step up and they're
going to create more value, bring more
stuff to the economy, which means that
they're going to be they're going to be
better off simply because they're
bringing more value, right? But we have
the flip side. I would argue that the
United States education system for the
last god knows how many decades has
failed the public in a way that is going
to be very evident in the coming years
where we're going to have a lot of low
agency people that have been taught to
memorize
think inside a box and execute inside a
box because we've standardized everybody
to hell. number one. Number two, during
that time, we've introduced things like
social media and smartphones that are
dopamine machines that have taken the
time away from a lot of these people
that could have been learning how to
build things. They could have been
learning how to execute on ideas, how to
face
hard, difficult moments, how to harden
themselves. And then also like a
byproduct of the fact that the United
States has been so rich for so long that
we've had a lot of complacency that has
also been built into the system. You're
going to have that cohort that is not
going to be able to grab the bull by the
horns. And then while the people that
are grabbing the bull by the horns
continue their massive trajectory
upwards, they're going to look up and
say, "Wow, I got screwed over. How come
I'm not there?" And I think we're going
to have a lot of friction. Like if you
thought the friction between billionaire
bad and working class was bad now just
wait. And then on top of this, we're
going to have a cohort of people that
have been part of a, let's call it the
white collar class, well-educated,
traditionally welloff, where AI is going
to come in and disrupt the hell out of
out of their jobs to the point where if
you're somebody who identifies with the
job that's being disrupted, all of a
sudden the machine's going to be able to
do that job for you. You're not going to
be able to tell, you're not going to be
able to remove your ego from that
equation to say you, oh I can
actually use this and make my art, my
job, my whatever 10,000 times better,
10,000 times uh have 10,000 times more
reach. Instead, a percentage of those
people are going to glob onto the fact
that machine stole job. Okay? So then
that cohort becomes a movement that is
going to do something, right? They're
going to do I don't know what they're
going to do truly. Like it's like this
is like the weird time that we live in.
And you know, we've talked about this
many times before. Dude, remember that
one podcast we had with Matt and James
like couple years ago? Were you I don't
care remember if you were on that
podcast or not, but it was it was with
Matt Smith and James Dma where Matt said
&gt;&gt; it would be funny if if if uh if
capitalism gives way to communism.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You remember that?
&gt;&gt; I do remember that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. This like we we can see it like we
can see it starting to manifest at the
at the underneath. Right. So then the
question becomes
how do we close that gap? And we've had
discussions in the past, you and I,
where it's like, well, at some point the
the leaders at the top that are actually
creating these tools and amassing more
and more uh value and more money and
more wealth through the uh releasing
these technologies into the world,
they're going to be faced with a
question which is like, okay, do I have
to intervene and keep these people happy
in some way to ensure that they don't do
take some drastic measures and the whole
thing comes crashing down like voting in
communists or socialists into the
country that caps the incentives behind
people wanting to become wealthy or
building great things and then there is
a there is uh other countries around the
world that are like oh we can start
stealing their best hey guys if you come
to the United if you come to our country
El Salvador pick a country I don't know
guys China
pick a country hey um you know we're
actually going to just treat you guys
It's like they treated you in America,
but we're not going to villainize you.
We're actually going to give you props.
You don't think those people are going
to start moving out? Like, we're already
seeing the flight away from California.
We're already seeing the flight away
from these places that have like very
restrictive policies. There's just a
question that has to be asked between
like like between the people that are
building all these tools. It's like what
what do we need to do? What do we need
to do? And so I think this is where the
discussion around creating a transition
plan of some sorts for the people that
will inevitably be left behind either
because not to not because of their
fault or because of their fault
depending on what how you frame this. If
you want a stable society, we're going
to have to create a plan to account for
the people that are simply incapable or
unwilling to jump on the ride because
there's you just have too many people in
this country where we're going to
potentially leave behind. Now I could be
100% wrong. And then the human spirit
flourishes through and then like all the
all the negative things I just uh
rattled off. We still have you know
people innately are smart enough, driven
enough, powerful enough, have enough
agency where even the most difficult
seeming situation for them actually give
them a pathway to create something and
of themselves and make something happen
in a system that heavily rewards that.
And then my and then and then the actual
the cohort the percentage of people that
actually that I discussed that could
potentially bring this whole thing down.
Let's say that's small enough to where
they're not really going to have any
material difference to our society or
civilization.
And then at the same time we create a
plan to make sure those people are taken
care of because there's going to be so
much wealth to go around anyway in
theory that we should just be able to
okay we're just we're just going to
massively raise the floor. We understand
like I get it like it sucks. It sucks
that the job you were doing for a really
long time is no longer there and you are
either unwilling or incapable incapable
of adapting to the new times. It's fine.
It's crazy at the crazy time. I get it.
All good. You'll have a decent life.
You'll have freedom. You'll have agency.
Great. But but how do we do that? Do we
just give them 50,000 bucks a year? I
don't know. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's um so I I've been thinking
about this quite a bit and I'll I'll put
out a steelman of a different scenario.
I think you know one of the one of the
underappreciated things that is true
about humanity and society and
civilization is that civilization is a
super intelligence already and it kind
of has a lot of mechanisms built into it
that are corrective that we as
individuals take for granted because
we're living at a very granular level
and so we just don't see kind of these
forces. Um, and so I think the need that
people have to provide for their
families does create a lot of motivation
to figure new things out. And if you
combine that with technology that is
driving
wealth and prosperity
across a broad range of it, you know,
maybe not everybody, but if it's going
to continue where lots of trades are
making money
and it's not that hard to learn a trade
and you can become an electrician or or
a plumber, um an HBAC technician, and
you can make $150,000
a year or more. Uh at the same time
where technology is kind of driving
deflation and the cost of living
eventually, like I we're going to be
facing inflation now for a little while,
but it's I think there's going to be a
knee in that curve and we're going to
hit deflation eventually.
Um,
and you do see a number of new
businesses that are started that do
require new people to come into them who
have skills and you're creating job
openings faster than you're eliminating
existing jobs.
Yes, there's going to be a lot like I
100% agree. There's a lot of companies
who have business models that are not
going to be functional and viable. And
even within companies, there's going to
be a lot of roles that aren't really
economically functional or viable. Now,
that doesn't mean that within that same
company, there's not another role inside
the company for that same person who was
doing ABC thing, but they at least
understand that company well and they
have context. And now there's a new
opportunity to create value inside of
that business in another place and the
context that they have. If you combine
that with these AI tools in this new
area of the company, you can keep the
same people completely redefine what the
job description is and still be able to
make money. So, I think there's going to
be a lot of that combined with yes,
people leaving company, you know, XYZ
that's going out of business because
they are not keeping up with the current
economy, the current market, the current
dynamics of technology in their
industry. Uh but there's going to be a
new company that
is serving some needs in that area where
you do have opportunities as long as
you're, you know, motivated to learn. Um
and I think that that motivated to learn
thing like we've been talking about is
going to be a huge a huge determining
factor. But if people know, you know, if
it's not just people in Silicon Valley
or New York or Washington or if like
those are the only places where people
make money off of what's happening, I
100% agree that what you're talking
about is much much much more likely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But if the oil field technicians
and like people that work across
industry, if people that work with Adams
are benefiting and there's lots of
people in your community that you can
look to and see, man, like that person
is killing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I know them personally.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Then I think that
creates the
like it's the example that people need.
Well, and between that and then people
watching other people on social media
that they have some sort of a connection
with
&gt;&gt; actually be successful. Like if people
can see real people that they have some
sort of a connection to be successful, I
think that that goes a long way
&gt;&gt; to
neuter the sense of hopelessness and
anger and
um
and vitriol that you know is trying to
like there's significant portion of
people who are trying to fan those
flames for political ends. Um
and and yeah, as long as people have
those real life examples, I think
that'll be a lot less potent. So the
thesis is is that we live in a time
where optimism about the future is a
legitimate force and function to get
people to become comfortable with the
time that we live in because they will
actually see through the friends and
family through the friends and families
through the tools that they're using uh
through the things that are becoming
available to them that people are not
only not only are their lives becoming
easier more fruitful, more fun, more
wealthy, right? Not only that, but
they're also going to see like the world
around them change a little bit as well.
You're going to have self-driving cars
going around. They're going to hell for
cheap uh in theory and at least uh in
major city centers to stop it over time
more. You're going to have humano
starting to come out that are going to
revitalize neighborhoods and stuff. See,
I think I think what's interesting
though is like and like the jobs, right?
Like you talked about the jobs like,
"Okay, now my cousin works at a data
center and he's making $150,000 a year
or $300,000 a year as a plumber.
Like, holy Oh, in this data center
that just just built down the street in
in Louisiana, let's say, dude, like that
those people got their electricity paid
for. That's crazy. And holy like
they're building a huge park for them
and all that stuff. Like, oh, okay. If
that actually materializes, then are are
we in for a true wonderful time? Like,
you know, they you know, Trump call the
golden age or whatever. I mean, it's a
lot of marketing, let's say. But if we
actually can execute against that and
like the benefits of AI actually start
trickling down to the everyday person
either through jobs created or services
and products offered then I'm 100% with
you 100% with you. But now is the time
like it's I would say it's between now
and 2028. If we don't see that actually
seriously materialize I do worry. I do
worry because that 2028 election can
have a drastic impact into the direction
of where we could be facing. But but I
do think we've reached a chasm that kind
of reinforces your point where the
products and services are getting so
good now and they're getting a lot of
reach where the in the the beginnings
the beginnings of people potentially
feeling that way optimistic about the
future can actually materialize it. So
so long way of saying I think we'll find
out for sure in the next two years. I
think the next two years is like it will
tell us a direction. We we'll figure out
the der the derivative of where we're
going, you know, and the optimistic side
of me says like it's absolutely going to
happen. The pessimistic side, the
realist side says no major transition in
history has gone smoothly. None of them
have. Right? Even even the greatest
industrial revolutions had some pretty
serious
rocky times in between. So now the
question becomes is with the help of AI
have we all become smart enough to
realize the mistakes of the past so that
we don't repeat them again. You know
could this be the first time in human
history where we don't repeat our
mistakes?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know we'll see.