Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will AI Stocks And Tesla RECOVER? Weekly Outlook
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8W7KwdmQDb0
Published:   2026-07-12 16:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live. I think
we are testing out a new format here. Uh
it's not totally uh perfect yet, but
let's see. We are live and I see some
people in the chat already. This is our
weekly overview and we are going to see
what's going to happen. I can also
Whoops.
audio uh and then we are ready to
rumble.
Let's see. Let's see.
I can't do much here. Okay,
good. Let's discuss the week ahead and
what happened last week because it was a
very eventful week for AI and we will
discuss Grock 4.5
chip soul and not to forget Muse the new
meta frontier model that has been
launched and has now led to the fourth
entity entering the big race and a lot
of people don't take them seriously. ly
yet, but I told you a long time ago, six
months ago, that Alexander Wang and his
team at Meta should not be
underestimated and we actually saw great
progress here. However, of course, not
even close to Grock or the other two,
but they made a dramatic leap. Let's
jump right into it and see where we are
at. Let's start with Tesla because I
know everyone is looking at Tesla. Let's
uh look at the stock first before we
jump into the thesis. What's going on?
So, you probably know Tesla jumping
around like a crazy person. That is the
month uh that we experienced here. It
was very exhausting for Pioneer Alpha,
but we managed to get through. So, we
had on June 22nd this massive crash to
375 for absolutely no reason. Then the
runup for not much reason. Well, it was
actually anticipated
uh that the deliveries are very good and
they were excellent, blowing it out of
the water. 480,000
cars delivered. And then, of course,
once that news was out, a dramatic drop
again for absolutely no reason. The
market was also choppy, by the way. So,
a lot of that was due to the market, but
Tesla behaved much worse than the market
here. And then, of course, a giant snap
back to 419.
This stock is absolutely annoying and
crazy right now. And then we slide sl
down again and now we're up again. So
what does it all mean? What does it all
mean? Because it's not about the past,
it's about the future. Where are we
going from here? And my thesis is very,
very simple. I tweeted this. Here's a
summary. Tesla might run up to the 420s
probably likely from here. We at 407.
And if nothing happens, if you still
don't see any cyber cup movements,
prepare to trade in this range, the
wider range, 435, 440 down to 370. That
seems to be the range, but probably more
tightly 420s and then back to 390s.
Why do I think that? Because we have a
bleeding problem here that Tesla is just
waiting for these cyber caps. Maybe
these news that are trickling out all
the time about more and more cyber caps,
more and more parking lots full of cyber
caps, maybe that helps us, but it won't
help much. I tell you that much because
the market is tired of this whole
waiting thing. They need to see results
now.
So what I'm doing is from a trading
perspective, tactical trading,
we want to be a little lightening up
when we are going to the 420s and then
doubling down at the 390s. Lightening up
of course not too much because that
catalyst that we all waiting for that
the cyber caps actually deploy this can
happen now any day but it can also take
another six months. I don't think six
months but another three months very
easily. So no one knows can happen next
week. It can happen in two weeks. It can
happen in one month. It can happen two
months. No one knows. Now my bias is
more towards the front end. But you know
my bias was wrong in June.
My bias just gets doubled down because
they have to do something with the cyber
caps. But if there's one learning that
you get, you invest and trade, then it
is that if in doubt, nothing happens.
Okay? If you think in weekly increments,
and that's what we need to do with
weekly puts, for example, short puts,
you want to basically because even if
you're just even if Cyber Cap takes
another two weeks and you trade this
successfully to the 420s, then drop down
to 390 again, you make so much money
that it's worth it. Okay, so I have some
medium range calls because I'm very
bullish or August calls. I might lighten
up on them again to get a little higher.
And I will continue playing my shortput
game. A little less leverage h and
lightening up around the 420s for the
drop down. If we actually have escape
velocity at some point, that's fine with
me. I'm definitely above 100% exposure
even if I lighten up. So that's kind of
happening here. That is the Tesla news.
Should we go into the comments quickly
if there's any Tesla questions?
Let's see.
Party time. Let's go. Uh Brooks
Crossman, love your show. Question. When
the catalyst for Tesla comes to
fruition, robo taxi full launch or
SpaceX merger, are you taking any
profits?
Uh Brooks Crossman.
Brooks Rossman. Uh I can't tell you that
because that depends on a lot of things
like when is this happening why is it
happening you know we might get a bull
market now we might deploy a thousand
cyber caps and that thing goes to 700
yeah then I'm nervous
because if you go to 600 700 I need to
see a reinforcing function in full
display and if you just exuberantly
getting there well then I might lighten
up. Yes.
Uh but if this is a drag and there's a
bare market and we actually have 5,000
cyber caps and we had 600, I'm
absolutely not lightening up. So you
have to calibrate that depending on what
exactly is happening. That's why we need
to unfortunately
keep the show alive and see what's
happening because it's really, you know,
600 is 600 for Tesla can be overvalued
and expensive or it can be dramatically
undervalued. Depends a little bit on
what's going on.
Hello from Quebec City from Daniel Gong
Gong Gong. I don't know my French is not
very good, but I love French, of course.
Breaking news. Whimos need more lighter
leisure real estate. Absolutely. I think
Whimo can win this game if they would
double the lighter sensors on each
Whimo. I think that is the precondition
for them to win because if you don't
have a brain, it's like imagine you
don't have a brain but someone gives you
four eyes. You can beat any math
contest. Okay, you can do better math if
you see more light pixels even if you're
extremely dumb. And the same is true for
self-driving cars. It is all a question
of how many sensors you have. Neural
net's conscious understanding of the
world is vastly overrated. It is all
about the senses and that is why we
ahead but more lighters would push them
over the finish line.
Yes, street cat zero absolutely New
Jersey requires now lighter absolutely
no corruption. This is just based on a
politician's assessment of the
technology and they determined if you
don't have lighter you cannot be allowed
in Jersey. Very smart.
Leisure Real Estate breaking news.
Uber will be adding second driver to all
rides. Exactly. That's another great
thing to increase safety. You could have
a second steering wheel. It's like a
plane. You have two steering wheels. You
should have two steering wheels and two
drivers. Total safety guaranteed.
In New Jersey, Leonardo says, "Tesla
will back down again to 380 before it
goes up to 450. Maybe I've been
consistently right these last two
months." Yes. Uh, Leonardo, you're right
until you're not. Uh, but yes, I am
preparing for some back and forth
because what's the worst thing that can
happen that we have a breakout that
cyber cap suddenly deploys? Well, then I
switch strategy for now. Let's just
pretend the range is in place.
Street crate zero. Hey, if Whimos are
okay in New Jersey, but they are
incapable of navigating without lighter,
then why couldn't Tesla just install
auxiliary? solid state lighter which
wouldn't enable full funk either. I
think New Jersey, we can just forget New
Jersey for now. They should fix their
corruption problem and then we can
revisit it. That's what I would say
about this whole situation.
Okay, I have to put you guys back here
on the screen.
Le said, "I thought Tesla was just a car
company." Exactly.
Lidar. Exactly. Okay, let's move on to
the next topic. A lot of topic. Here is
my feeling. I'm talking about my
feelings today. I feel there's a
sentiment shift in the market going on.
Okay, a sentiment shift in the market.
And with the market, I mean the AI game,
Micron Technologies,
uh Nvidia and also Tesla a little bit.
Let's see how much Tesla actually does
that. But Meta too. I actually initiated
a large Micron Technologies position now
after it dropped so much after these
amazing earnings. Nvidia is my third
largest holding now. Micron my second
largest. But the difference is oops
sorry about this. How do I get back? Uh
the interesting thing about Micron is I
am short puts Micron in the money
slightly at the money. In the money
10,000 strike price, one month runtime.
I'm starting slow. The premiums are
insane. Okay. And rather than going long
on Micron, I'm going short at the money
puts because you're getting a lot of
free money. I'm getting $100 for free,
which means it's the equivalent of
Micron going to 1,100 roughly in one
month. If Micron goes above 1,100,
well, I'm losing out a little bit on not
making enough money. But if it drops to
910, I still make money. So I like this
whole situation. I'm going short puts in
the money. And I did the significantly
of the equivalent of more shares
than of more portfolio percentage than I
have Nvidia. So it's now my number three
holding. I have a little bit of MA. How
much of meta? It's less than Nvidia. So
now I'm basically
full on Tesla. Tesla extreme exposure
because I'm very bullish on Tesla right
now. But I'm taking, you know, I I
maintain my buffer so I can survive a
380 370 drop. Wouldn't be very nice. I
rather have it a little more contained
to 390. But let's see then Micron. I
think Micron is just crazy when you look
at the when you look at the valuation
and price earnings.
Absolutely crazy. Uh I also have Robin
Hood. That's my smallest holding
together with Micro Strategy, Robin
Hood, Micro Strategy. So, these are my
that's my portfolio, but it's I mean
Tesla is the big needle mover. Micron
can add nice alpha right now. Let's see
how it goes. Uh I have 10 SpaceX shares,
my tracker shares, so basically
insignificant, but they show me I like
it to have it in my portfolio. I'm still
short SpaceX calls as you know, they
will probably just give me the entire
premium. I have a 180, not one, I have a
180 strike price position July 24th for
SpaceX. Short calls, very likely a win,
even though I lightened up on them
because I'm a little concerned about the
short squeeze potential.
Uh, Leisure Reed says, "We need Sleepy
Joe and what Salad Harris back." Why is
that?
leisure real estate wants to be more
entertained it seems.
So the sentiment shift in the market is
potentially
real.
Uh and let me see what we have here.
Uh this is all AI related stuff. We get
to this later to the models.
Do I have anything on sentiment?
Sentiment. Sentiment. sentiment
hyperscala forecast chart for Goldman.
This is interesting.
Yeah, you you see this. It's just clear.
You look at Jeffre for example.
Uh least versus hyperscala installed
data center. Okay, least installed
capacity, hyperscala installed capacity.
So you see what's going on here.
Uh what do we have here? Installed data
center capacity no normal collocation
this doesn't matter
hyperscala capex estimates revising
higher yes I mean of course people are
stupid about this cash flow situation
it's about cash flows it's about profits
you know cash flows don't matter if
you're in a massive buildout stage the
question is will the profits keep
flowing in over the next five years
while it depreciates and the answer is
clearly clearly clearly yes I think has
slides. Let's go to Goldman. Here is
what we see. Hyperscala capex and you
see why is this important. Uh you see
2027 expected 2026 expected. You see
this stuff is going through the roof.
These are the hyperscalers AWS,
Microsoft, Google, Meta and Oracle. And
you see the biggest one is Google. You
see Meta is actually also very
significant. Microsoft of course is
bigger than Google. It's no Microsoft
the biggest Google then Amazon then Ma
and what you see okay people say oh this
is crazy it's not crazy because yeah the
cash flow takes a hit when you have that
much capex but not the profits this gets
distributed over six years probably
depreciation which is totally accurate
six years by the way Michael Bur
completely wrong he I don't even know
what he's talking about you see the
prices of H100 Nvidia going up right now
going up. That stuff is how old? It's
six years, it's five years old. I don't
know how old H100s are. They are at a
minimum four years old and they're still
going up in price in lease price. So can
absolutely forget that this is not six
years depreciation.
And you can divide these numbers by six
years, right? And if AWS, if you buy 200
uh by six years, that's 3.5,
that's 35 billion a year. that actually
hits their bottom line. Do they make
more than 35 billion in leasing out AWS
compute? Of course. Are you kidding me?
This is a vastly profitable business. I
don't know what's wrong with people.
Business is very simple. It's very
simple. It's not if your capex goes up
and your cash flow drops. No one cares
about that. What people care about are
profits and profits. If you spend 35
billion like AWS spends 35 billion
expends 35 billion in profits kind of
this year or in 2027 projected
uh on this compute buildout and the
question is
the question is do they make more than
35 billion in profit from their you know
compute business and the answer is of
course yes. Are you kidding me? Are you
kidding me? So
just let that sink in. Just let it sink
in. I think uh SpaceX expended what six
billion or 7 billion
and in year one
I don't know ex what are the exact
numbers for Colossus 7 billion and then
some more for Colossus 2. And then in
year one they already made like whatever
25 billion. So are you kidding me? They
made 11 billion in additional profit.
Are you kidding me? This is the most
profitable buildout that we have ever
seen in the history of humanity. The
only risk is will that suddenly stop,
right? Will it suddenly stop in 2028 or
29 and then they get hit? I mean, this
is just a very dumb assumption because
why would they stop? We see that in
all kinds of other news that we will get
into.
Uh let's see first before we get into
that,
let's see what you guys are saying.
Uh, so many comments here. I sold four
610 calls on Meta a while back and made
some premium, but the wife is sore about
the multiple 10ks we could have made had
we not. She has not spanked me for it
yet. Oh, street crate zero. Too bad. I
hope the spanking comes soon. Netty
Vegan says, "What price level or time
frame are you looking at entering a
Spice X position?" And Eddie Vegan, I
told everyone for SpaceX, I'm not
looking at a price. I'm looking at a
time. I'm looking at November. I want to
see all the lockups
expiring. Not all of them, but 60% of
the shares are not locked up anymore by
November. The selling pressure will then
be over in my opinion. And then we see a
more realistic price discovery. If you
had 130, that's fine. If you had 140,
that's fine. If you had 100, it's fine.
If you're at 80, it's fine because you
don't know where actually the market
price is. And I think we have some news
coming too this year for SpaceX. We will
see some major announcements in my
opinion for new compute business
for Colossus 2. That could be as much as
another 10 billion in profits, maybe
more. And so that's a counterbalance to
the selling pressure. So we could end up
the year at 140 absolutely possible 150
or we could end up at 80. I don't know.
Uh so I'm looking more at the time scale
and I am ready to double down. I think
SpaceX it's tremendous business but we
need to keep focused on the news and
understand the bigger themes around
SpaceX. Space AI is coming sooner than
people think. I think in 2028,
but there might be a gap between the
terrestrial buildout good news that is
coming now that could potentially drive
the stock a little bit because it's a
lot of money. But then terrestrial
buildout will hit a wall in my opinion
at some point in the second half of
2027. So if we see some depression now
because of the selling pressure for
SpaceX, then we see some positive
momentum maybe in Q4, maybe in Q1
because of more terrestrial buildout,
maybe some new exuberance and I think
then we will see people getting
depressed again because terrestrial
buildout will hit some walls in my
opinion, policy walls, permitting walls,
people get very hostile towards AI. I
think 2027 will get much much worse. And
then we have that dry period
between that hitting the new wall and
space buildout
which could lead to a significant
pullback in the stock. So I think
pullback now I think SpaceX will be
under tremendous pressure
until end of the year or Q4. In Q4 who
knows it could bottom out and then see a
new revival because of terrestrial
buildout. But it could also compress.
Now we don't know about the exact
timing. What I'm saying is there's
selling pressure that's downwards. There
is good catalyst coming for surprise
terrestrial buildout which is very
significant which will definitely drive
the stock up. That's up pressure.
And depending when this hits a wall, it
will hit a wall.
Then we get into the real game and
that's the waiting game for space AI
and that will be the next opportunity.
So, Spacing is very interesting. I love
the stock, but right now more bearish
than bullish.
Tyler says, "I love your videos, buddy.
Should I hold cash to buy Tesla dips
under 380 or DCA?"
It depends how tactically you want to
trade. I would definitely have
significant Tesla exposure right now
because you don't know when this flip
switches and if it switches, you're
missing out. And you know, you can have
some dry powder left to double down on
380, but not being in the trade is risky
on a six months horizon. Very risky.
Brooks Rossman Joe love how levelheaded
you stay. Taking notes over here. Thank
you. Second question. If we hit a
decentsized pullback 15 or 20% in the
S&amp;P 500, second half of the year, what
range would you expect Tesla to trade?
Difficult question. It depends what
happens to Tesla. Obviously, it's same
with these stocks.
Obviously, if you see a pullback and
Tesla is in a bullish mode, it pulls
back 30%.
20%.
If it's in a bearish mode, it pulls back
50%.
Uh, so, and then the next question is
when does that happen? Right? If if that
pullback happens in October, let's say,
and no one knows,
right now it's probably not happening. I
don't think it's happening in July.
Probably not in August. Would be
unusual. It normally happens in
September, October, maybe November. Uh
it depends from where we pull back,
right?
Like if we suddenly see cyber cap
deployment, we go to 500 550
and then anticipation we see more
deployment upwards pressure, then
there's a market crash. Tesla probably
goes down 30%. From 500, which is 350.
If this is a severe pullback of 20, but
if you see nothing, we hang out here at
400, people get depressed and then lose
hope in cyber cap and then we see a 20%
crash. Can we go to 200? Of course. Of
course. So, you always have to take into
consideration your beta of two and then
bullish means less than two. So, beta of
two means market crashes 20, Tesla
crashes 40 in average.
But if Tesla is a little bullish, it
crashes less than its beta. If it's a
little bearish, it crashes more than its
beta. So, it's really a sentiment
question. And then the of course the all
these sizes questions from where do we
crash?
Leonardo says, "Yes, the hyperscalers
are just reinvesting profits. They're
not going into debt." It's insane how
the market thinks. Yes, Leonardo is 100%
right. The market is I I'm
like sad guru. I hate the gurus, but
sometimes I'm a guru. I like when he
says the people are I'm not
saying that, but I say the market is a
little
Ten Tanela Wolfen Pickle. Tanela Wolfen
Pickle. This is one of the best names
I've heard so far. Joe, what would you
consider the perfect conference of Tesla
factors if Providence is feeling frisky
and decides to blow everyone's minds?
We have to be very cautious with these
things. But of course, it's very simple.
If Tesla just scales cap suddenly,
we are going to a thousand. That's what
I think.
Tesla will definitely hit $1,000 per
share if we suddenly see 10,000 cyber
caps. Very simple.
Without even Optimus.
Uh Mark says, "Even my favorite alphabet
has a toret spent." Yes, even my
favorite Alphabet has a toret spend. At
least they're spending 80% on their own
chips which can do now trading
inference. When it comes to the me mega
caps here and the the hyperscalers,
you guys, it's very important. The
market is a little
Capax hits cash flow. Okay, if you spend
like Microsoft spends 264 billion in
2027, that hits their cash flow and they
need debt. But you shouldn't think like
that. You should think in Ebbit, you
know, operating income, EBIT, like
whatever. Like look at profit metrics.
And the profit metrics is revenue minus
COGS minus other costs minus
depreciation. And if you spend 240
billion, let's say you have to divide by
six years. I think six years is actually
realistic. Maybe five years. Five years
is conservative.
Six years. Let's say you spend 200
billion by five years. Your bottom line
gets hit by $40 billion. And you have to
ask yourself the question, do they make
more than 40 billion? Now, let that sink
in. If you build out $200 billion, look
at SpaceX. They build out I don't even
know what the exact spend was.
Uh I have to look into that. 20 billion
or something. They spent 20 billion
and they made 25 billion in a single
year in revenue at a whatever margin at
a high margin
you know I think 80 70%
like think about that these people spend
200 billion what do you think profit
they make over a 100red billion over 100
billion in added profits that's these
people are the most disciplined finance
people on earth. These companies, even
though I hate some of them, but they are
absolutely perfectly run. These are
machines. They're not wasting money. If
you spend 200 billion in capex, that's
and and you make a hundred billion, you
make a 100 billion in additional margin
and only have to divide this by five for
your actual depreciation. So, you make a
100red billion additional profit and
subtract 40 billion in depreciation.
you're making $60 billion dollar of
additional profit. That's the math here.
That's why they're going all in because
it's a safe bet. The market is stupid.
The market thinks, "Oh, but what if what
if in 2029 no one wants computer
anymore?" Yeah, of course. But that's
the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Robert Carter says, "Joe is one of the
best hunks to get AI stock info." Thank
you, Robert Carter. Hunks. I love to be
a hunk. Leonardo like any great
long-term investor and as Joe has stated
Tesla rise is inevitable just relax if
looking at the stock price daily freaks
you out then you as need to change your
habit that's true Mark says X has 200
million daily active users al has
10 + 1 billion user apps and 3 plus
three billion user apps and they all run
on uh TPUs
tensor
they are the winners with no Nvidia tax.
That is true Mark, but that's you are
even not taking into consideration that
the additional build out here
also just generates additional
incremental direct compute revenue
especially for AWS and uh Microsoft but
also for Google. So yes, they're
powering and fueling their apps and Meta
is doing this of course a lot, but on
top of it, they're probably pay just
from additional revenue just for compute
for that stuff.
Joe, when is the merger according to the
Quinn and you who's winning KMA Bully?
Well, I think the merger it takes a
little more a little longer than we
think. That's what I think. Max says, "I
think almost all the hyperscalers paying
dumb inflated price for Nvidia
equipment, CXMT and YMTC will collapse
the memory bubble in quite soon." I
don't know, Mark. I have my doubts.
Some parts of the memory bubble, but not
the most advanced
HDMs and stuff like that. The most
advanced AI memory the Chinese cannot
do.
It's cannot do. The market has been
cornered by SK Highix, Samsung and of
course Micron. And Micron has a unique
position because they're American. So
there is no competition coming. The
Chinese cannot get there. Now the
Chinese can pop the other memory bubble
for less advanced memory. Yes, and they
probably will in the next two years, but
that doesn't hurt at all
Micron and Samsung in my opinion.
Brian says, "Your Tesla model is
understandably focused on robo taxi
scaling. Does it also take optimism into
account?"
Uh, yeah, my total model, yes, but uh,
for now it's really about robo taxi.
Brooks Crossman says, "Joe, thank you
for the insights to my early questions.
You're a stud." Last, thank you. Last
one. If you had 50,000 to invest into
Micro Strategy on Monday versus Tesla,
oh my I am I am much more invested in
Tesla. Micro Strategy is a little bit of
a gamble on the same time horizon. On
the six months horizon, Micro Strategy
is just a gamble. I think it's a good
gamble more likely than not to pay off.
But Tesla is just much more predictable
with Roboaxi and Optimus than Micro
Strategy. Micro Strategy in the end is a
Bitcoin play and who the hell knows what
Bitcoin is going to do. So on a super
strategic level, I'm bullish on Bitcoin,
but on a tactical level, yeah, I'm
directionally bullish over the next six
months. I think it goes up. I think we
are through the bare market at some
point and then we go up. But how sure am
I? Much less sure than for Tesla. So I
would put in Tesla
and that doesn't mean you know I'm
betting on micro strategy but it's a
small position.
Okay, so many Tesla questions.
Okay, let's continue. We have more to go
through. We don't have that much time.
Time is running out here. The next thing
huge
China is catching up extremely fast. Of
course, people are mocking them as
always. Don't mock China as much. I also
looked into Europe, by the way. Ariana
launch systems. We have to understand we
all live in a bubble. We live in the
Elon and United States bubble in I give
you a reality check on Europe. I give
you a reality check on China. All these
super advanced economies, Europe and
China and the United States,
okay?
They're all effectively head-to-head.
Okay, sure. In some areas, the United
States is clearly ahead, but what does
that mean? They're not a decade ahead.
They're not even half a decade ahead.
Not even in rockets. We need to be a
little realistic here. Ariana, for
example, they at $5,000 per kilogram
cost. SpaceX is at a $35,000 cost.
Starship once it works, but it could
take up to end of 2027 before that
really works, will be maybe at a,000 to
$500
with a pathway to below $500. But this
will take years and years and years and
by then the Europeans will be at a,000
or $2,000.
Now, is a$100 or $200 much cheaper than
a,000 or 2,000? Yeah, but not on the
trajectory.
And does that mean that Elon is not a
genius and without him they would all
not be able to do it? Sure. I think Elon
has accelerated many things by 10 or
even 20 years.
But after you accelerate it doesn't mean
the the rest is not catching up fast and
you see it with China. China would not
be able to do that
and Europe would not be able to do that
if SpaceX wouldn't have done it. And
this is not about stealing IP especially
not by the Europeans but as you see also
not the Chinese.
It's not about stealing IP. I have to
explain something to everyone. How
innovation works.
The conviction around first principles
and the demonstration that something
works is much more important than
stealing IP. It gives you confidence.
Imagine you're Col Columbus and you sail
to America. How hard is it to actually
sail to America? It's not that hard. I
mean, I don't want to do it back then,
but it's not that hard. You know what's
hard? It is hard to sail to America when
you don't know there is America. When
you don't know, you fall off the cliff,
the flat earth cliff into the universe
and die a terrible death by vacuum. Who
knows?
Once the first guy does it, everyone's
like, "Dude, I can build a ship and sail
there easy."
Everyone knew about safe landing
rockets. Everyone knew it could be done.
Everyone knew it's a good idea, but no
one had enough balls and conviction and
no one knew enough how possible it is
and how cost effective. The Europeans
have done this for decades and they
never really and NASA has done for
decades. They never really push for
because they thought ultimately it's not
going to work economically.
Okay, they were dumb. Not engineering
dumb. They were just conviction dumb.
And Elon knew because he did the math
like dude no it's going to be amazing
now that he proved it Europe and China
can focus all and Russia can focus all
energies and Iran and India can focus
all energies on it because now they
don't need faith they don't need first
principles they just see it
that means they're all catching up fast
okay
so same with AI the people who invent
neuronets the people who invent the
first atoms of of course they're doing
pioneering work and if they wouldn't do
it if open my AI wouldn't have done it
if Google wouldn't have done it no one
knows if it would have taken another 30
years but now that they have done it
China is catching up quickly and Europe
of course everyone loves to bash Europe
including me the EU sucks they're all
like insane
but let's not kid ourselves it's still
one of the most dense talent pools ever
sure they have capital formation
problems they have all kinds of homemade
idiotic problems.
But Europe can very easily and will very
easily catch up to all kinds of stuff.
And the same is true for China. And the
same is true for some other people. By
the way,
Iran has surprised everyone. Russia, no
one even thinks about them. They're
doing all kinds of things. India at some
point will get their together. So,
you know, things are not that black and
white. They are all doing stuff. Europe
always catches up. China catches up
maybe even faster. Uh all these things
are happening. So here and as I
explained because pioneers like Elon do
something make it clear and then once
it's clear you have all the energies
going there.
So yeah no monopolies for too long not
even in space.
Okay more questions.
Uh, too many questions.
A UK YouTuber posted a video saying
China could pop the AI bubble by
undercutting everything. He's quite a
qualified guy and knows what he's
saying. What do you think? No, Richard.
I don't think so. I think China is
always there to threaten us with
deepseek. I'm using deepseek a lot with
drought near at Pine Lands.
Uh
but no there is no AI bubble popup
because
the need for compute is infinite. So
even if a Chinese open source model
becomes more prevalent, it doesn't
change a thing.
Here's the thing. Even if you drop the
price for intelligence by 10x or 20x,
which China, you know, China is not
free. If you look at Deep Seek versus
Fable, even it's like 10x or 20x
cheaper. So that's it. That's it. And
it's dumber. You need much more compute
to catch up to fable. So effectively,
maybe it's 5x cheaper. Maybe it's 10x
cheaper. Maybe it's 20x cheaper, but a
little dumber.
There is no limit to the amount of
compute you need. It doesn't matter
which model, right? So sure, they can
lower prices. They make can make it free
on a model level, but not on a compute
level. So that's not popping the Nvidia
bubble. It's not popping the Micron
bubble and it's just creating even more
value and allows even more apps to be
built on Chinese models. So
the Chinese can knock out maybe some
companies, some individual companies.
They can damage Anthropic.
Maybe
they can put a lot of pressure on the
financials of Anthropic and Open AI.
But you know if these guys build great
enterprise apps maybe not. So I think
why am why why I'm so bullish and it's
not a bubble is because the underlying
principle is that we are crossing the
Rubicon of AGI as we speak. We're
crossing that Rubicon where compute just
become uh not compute intelligence
becomes
infinity demand. I see it every day. I
still run into my limits all over the
place and I pay a lot of money for this
stuff. A fable uh Grock I ran into Grock
imagine limits today and I never use it.
I just use it for some stuff. So I'm
running into limits all day long
and if you would give me a thousand
times cheaper models I would definitely
immediately run into the same limits
again every day because I would change
the agendic systems that okay go all
out. So
I don't think so
the market will want compute of course
the only question is that says mark by
the way the only question is will the
price drop precipitously with TPUs
uh as I said Mark no no no
yeah the of course the price will drop
but not the spend
China just became second in the space
race like nothing. Bezos just raises
billions for Blue Origin. The race for
space is heating up. Yes, Leonardo. And
I did research on the Europeans because
Bundesphere the Germans are they have
now a $ 30 billion launch budget and
satellite budget for their own. I was
first laughing about because I'm also
brainwashed by X by ourselves how we
mock the Europeans all day long. But the
bundes is now spending 30 billion30
billion dollars on satellites to create
a hyper constellation of spy satellites,
German spy satellites. Uh and I thought
like are you kidding me? Are you stupid?
Like how are you going to do it? They
have pretty serious stuff.
There's like a new uh ESAR as a new
launch rocket company in Munich that's
actually doing pretty well. The
conventional big big thing Ariana in
Europe is actually more effective than I
thought. They are now doing a rellanding
by 2028 very likely. Uh China already
did it, but China is also boasting a
little bit more and showing off their
and that's like Europeans don't do
that. So,
you know,
it's very important. I mean, I love
America. I love that everyone's like
boasting about all kinds of stuff all
day long and the propaganda machine is
unrivaled. Who's, you know, how can you
not love it? But it's also a distortion
bubble. It's not that Europe doesn't
have tremendous talent. It's not that
and extreme amounts of money. It's the
same like military spending. Oh, here's
the United States and here's the number
two. Like, yeah, add up European
military spending and you will be pretty
shocked. It's actually an insane amount
of money. So
yeah, so all of these things are
happening
and these strategic players, Europe, US,
China, Russia, India is still a little
weak. And as I said, Iran, like look at
freaking Iran with embaros and
everything. So don't underestimate
people. Uh, everyone is doing stuff.
Everyone is watching the other people
and actually work on stuff. Not to
detract from the fact that the United
States is right now the pioneering
nation. The United States has the
entrepreneurs, not many by the way, it's
a handful. You know who they are. And a
second tier bunch,
uh, which is great, and they're pushing
it, but the rest is catching up. So,
okay. SpaceX generally the gem.
Uh, yes. Chris says, "Joe, can you speak
to the SSR MM mod people seem to have on
T?" Oh, the sour mood. Chris is always
like, "Uh, woo finger typing." Uh, Tesla
right now. We are on the cusp of great
things here after all. Yes, of course.
They're like whatever. Sour mood of
Tesla.
Um, Leonardo says, "Yet SpaceX is years
ahead." Yeah, SpaceX is for sure years
ahead. I'm saying it's not decades
ahead. SpaceX is probably
five years ahead with size, scale,
everything, maybe three years. But we
also have to understand what does it
mean to be ahead.
It's not that decisive as it seems. It
means you can launch stuff
at the margin probably three four times
cheaper which is significant but it's
not like you know crazy. So
and everything is changing in real time.
Question is the video even real because
the engine premature shut off in some
videos were questionable. Who knows? But
it all makes a lot of sense. I first
thought this AI this Chinese thingist
EU so far behind you do vogue
politicians.
I mean yeah I mean obviously the EU
is a show. Obviously
but also the talent pool and the money
pool and the technology pool of the
European Union of the combined Europeans
is is absolutely enormous.
It's just completely mismanaged. But
that doesn't mean there is nothing. Same
with military, right? The the European
Union has actually very significant
military stuff. It's just not
streamlined. It's not aligned. It's not
effective, but it could be made
effective very quickly because the base
is very high. Same with space
technology. The European Union has very
powerful space technology. What they are
lacking is focus and effectiveness big
picture. But often that is less
important because it can be dialed up
very quickly. What's more important is
the base and the industrial base and the
space base and the military base is very
large in Europe. The AI intellectual
base is also large. They just don't have
data centers for some reason.
Uh what do you mean short puts? Do you
mean selling puts or buying puts? No.
Short puts means selling puts if you're
long biased.
Mark says, "The best current example of
multi-level strength of SpaceX is China
beat SpaceX to mytholog, but Tesla
quickly caught up and surpassed. Tesla
iteration is amazing even when behind
briefly." Yes, I personally think China
has massive energy for AI models and
inferencing. Yes, they have a lot of
energy. I mean, literally energy.
F the CCP. Infinite hope. Yeah, but we
need to be smart here. Infinite hope. I
have infinite hope. We need to be smart.
There is ethical judgment. Same with
Iran or Russia, whatever. And there is
coldblooded analytical assessment of
capabilities. China has tremendous
capabilities. They know how to deploy
it. Europe, you might hate the wokeness,
but they have great capabilities. Russia
has always surprised capabilities. Iran
has very surprised capabilities. You
might hate them, but you have to
separate this out. You analyze what is
going on, what's the capability and then
you can judge and make up your mind if
you want to work help them work with
them, deal with them or make them
enemies. That's completely different
from assessing capability. It's very
important.
Well, Germans are the original
rocketeers, so it makes sense they start
investing. Well, let's not talk about
that. We all know the story how the man
got to the moon.
Veron Brown.
Long story. Look it up.
Let's say Warner, the guy who led the
NASA space mission and got America to
the moon, was man of the year on Time
magazine. Let's say his previous
employer.
Um,
how do you say that? The previous
employer would not have passed the
wokeness test.
So yes, there is a long story to
rocketry and who invented it and why and
how Leonardo if China videos fake that
only hurts China because they don't have
a reasonable rocket. That's true. Um all
competition with China's efficiency of
capital China will launch 1,000
oceangoing vessels while US will launch
five this year. Naval spending exceeds
China. This is the root challenge. Yes,
Mark.
But that's not true for SpaceX. The US
is definitely a efficiency problem
versus China. But then China is also
overrated because sometimes they, you
know, they're still behind. So
next, let's go into the final stretch of
this update. We have, of course, the
final stretch with three crazy
news. The first one is Grock 4.5 just
dropped. And I told everyone this is a
revolution. Cursor paying off totally.
As I predicted three months ago, cursor
is a very big deal. Absolutely destroyed
the field on cursor bench. Massively
cheaper than Fable at similar
performance at least cursor bench. Of
course, we have to be cautious. Gro 4.5
is not fable,
but it had surprising strengths in some
of the benchmarks. It's AI Xi biggest
leaps to date thanks to the cursor team.
The cursor team made the difference as I
explained many times before. They have
the best harness in the world, the best
enterprise solution in the world, but
they were totally subpar. They didn't
even have their own LLM. Now they are
married to the most powerful compute
company, which is SpaceX
with the best, you know, uh
uh harness. And so now they're getting
very very serious. I think they have a
good shot. And at the core of this whole
thing, believe me, it's the it is Elon's
competence and Elon's team's competence
to build out these massive
colossus things. So, they're best in the
world in building things out, these mega
compute clusters,
combined with now the other side, the
founder of Cursorbench, this young
25-year-old dude who's just very smart.
I love these young guys who just very
smart and he understands what Elon
couldn't fix before. He understands
harness. He understands enterprise. He
understands product better than anyone
else. And Anthropic had the strength
before that they had their own LLM and
they had the best team on that side, the
second best team, but they had both in
house. And that's why they will become
the leader. But now SpaceX has both in
house and has both better than
Antropics. So I think this race is going
to be hot.
Then we had this muse spark and I know
everyone's laughing at Zach. Everyone is
laughing at like here's the thing. I
have you know if you have Elon
plus cursor that's a killer team. If you
have Sam Alman
long story many people don't like him.
Now also Jason Kellakanis said very bad
things about Sam. You know the whole
drama that Elon said very bad things
about him. People really hate Sam Alman.
A lot of people who work very closely
with Sam Alman hate him and say he's
lying, he's stealing.
I don't know. I met Sam a few times by
the way, but just very briefly. And you
know, I have some opinions, but they're
not really grounded anything. So, I'm
not going to voice my opinions here.
They're not founded or anything, but
based on what other people say, yeah,
there's a little bit of concern, right?
Because Jason
and Elon, there they don't have much in
common. They're totally different angles
on Sam. Now, Apple is suing them and
they have some very bad stories about
it. So, yeah, I don't know. When it
comes to Zach, people also hate Zach, of
course, but I don't know. Zach is always
was a smart cookie. Zach always had
conviction in AI. I also liked his
conviction as dumb stupid
metaverse
which was extremely dumb but I like that
he had this conviction. I don't know I
like conviction you know and now he has
conviction on AI and he has a very
strategic systematic approach. Yan Lun
the previous guy was just the dumbest
dude in AI. I don't understand how you
know that was really dumb. But now
Alexander Wang is extremely smart. He is
a very smart cookie. I saw it right
away. He built scale. He's also a young
dude. Very similar to the cursor founder
by the way. Very similar type in a way.
I have high high trust in Alexander Wang
to be a very smart and ambitious cookie.
And he's in charge now. And now you have
Muse Spark. Now you will see they do
magic things in video. Is it as good as
Grock? No. Is it as good as Fable? No.
Is it good as good as Saul? No. But he
started from a very bad position of the
dumb little Yan Lun. And so now
I would watch Mida. I am very bullish on
Meta. That's why I initiated a little
position even though it ran up a lot.
But I mean it has a lot to run. It's at
17 price earnings forward. So Meta is a
very powerful core business. And I know
no one likes them,
but I tell you, if you let me choose
between OpenAI, who probably do a pretty
good job on the product side, but just
from a liking perspective, OpenI versus
Meta, I like Meta as a little underdog
because I like Alexander Wang. I think
he's smart. So, and by the way, he
acquired them for 15 billion equiire
Alexander Wang in scale. Zach
just
yesterday or whatever Friday, this thing
went up 75 billion in one trading
session just because of them. So that
tells you how smart it is to hire smart
people, even if it cost you 15 billion.
So if you have 15 billion lying around,
just buy someone who's smart.
So and then finally, OpenAI dropped the
GPD 5.6 family. Here's the thing.
Everyone also hates OpenAI. I get it.
You know what? I don't care.
Our main go-to in Dropne Pioneer Lands
right in our Gentic system out of the
box by the way you can use it very cool
is Deepseek because Deepseek has the
best price power rel ratio
but I'm personally using now
constantly uh clot design is the best I
use Grock like for design I use Grock a
lot but I use
equally to Grock I use uh CHTPD
I think they go very well together. I
use them all for different things. So
I'm very happy this is all happening and
we see a tremendous weak in AI. People
do not understand what's happening here.
This is a very very big deal. We are
launching frontier models like it would
was nothing.
Very very huge.
Let's see. Let's wrap it up.
Operation paperclipip mark. Exactly.
They didn't talk about it when they made
him when they made Wernner one brown
time man of the year. No word of
operation paperclipip.
There was a stuff going on.
Joe, just if I your last video on AI
Max7, the audio sound like you were
behind a jet engine. Interesting.
Don't forget that AOC anti-billionaires.
I wonder what happened to all
billionaires in US. If Democrats take
over US, they may bring their business
out of US and into Asia. Ivonne Ivan
Choi.
Yeah. I mean,
well, it's 2026. I think the midterms
don't matter that much. I think the
Republicans are going to protect and
keep the Senate unless Trump does some
most dumb stuff in Iran, but I don't
think so. So, I think Democrats take
over the House, Republicans keep the
Senate, so nothing will happen really.
The big question is 2028. And I do think
we can't even think that far ahead. But
I think we are entering a insane time of
turmoil. That's why I'm working day and
night on the Pioneer Academy and Pioneer
Lands. By the way, we are always
delayed, but we nearly I hope we launch
the Pioneer Academy, which will be a
massive relaunch in July cuz I genuinely
think
is going to hit the fan
because people do not understand where
AI is. Like all that stuff we discussed
today and we keep discussing here,
the elimination of white collar jobs and
everything else will be absolutely
insane next year. Everyone is
gaslighting everyone. This will be a
shitow of unprecedented proportions and
it's already hitting a lot of people.
And the United States unemployment
number, by the way, is the dumbest,
stupid metric I've ever seen because it
will always stay at 4%. If all Americans
lose their jobs and no one will ever get
hired again, the unemployment rate will
still be 4%.
because it is measured in the dumbest
possible way. As long as you live and
don't starve to death, you are employed.
Just so you understand, if you get
kicked out of your job and you're
starving to death and you go to your
neighbor and say, "Can I clip your grass
for one second and you pay me $1?" If
you do that, you are un you're employed.
So,
this is the dumbest thing I've ever
seen. This is the most gaslighting
number ever. This number tells you
exactly nothing and the unemployment
rate will stay at 4% in eternity because
it's simply not possible to go up even
if everyone would lose their job. So we
don't know what's really going on. We
just know anecdotally that a lot of
people are unhappy. Everyone under 30
lives with their parents. Hm. I wonder
why.
It's just stupid. So people are
extremely angry. They're getting more
and more angry. But everyone who's not
angry is getting rich and thinks it's
all fine and we all living in bubbles.
That's the problem. But when it comes to
elections, we will see what happens. And
if too many people unhappy, they are
becoming socialists. And so 2028 is a
huge risk. I think it's so much bigger
than people understand. Look at Mandavi.
What's his name? I don't even want to
remember his name. The dude in New York,
you know, don't be emotional by about
it. Just think about it. What happened
there? This is serious business.
Uh many companies have left California
because of the anti-billionaires. Yeah.
Yeah. But guys, but I mean we it's time
to do something. By the way, that's why
we launching relaunching the Pioneer
Academy to actually become the engine of
change because
I mean most of you guys are watching
from America, some Australia.
I am just watching what's going on in
Europe and Germany is probably one of
the most active Germany and the UK are
the most actively
like naming the problem like they have a
lot of alternative media especially
Germany is actually impressive there's
lots of stuff happening but the central
difference to the United States is that
everyone's just talking everyone's just
complaining
there are millions of people who
understand everything right all these
things we're discussing, but they're not
taking action. So, it's time that we
take some action because will hit
the fan in the US first probably.
But who knows? Uh
this is not under control the whole
thing. I'm just saying
uh US energy infra is way behind. That
is totally correct.
Uh but the hardware t is Nvidia. Yes.
Meta is very powerful. Yes, Sean.
People underestimate Meta. I don't know
why. Everyone was like, "Yeah, Meta
losers, stupid. Zach, we hate them. They
can do nothing." No,
you will see. They are underrated.
Jan Leon is right, but his concerns are
two years out beyond the current
corporate venture capital time horizon.
Street Zero.
Well, you It's like the bears. They're
always right at some point in time, but
that makes them wrong effectively. He's
totally wrong, Yan Leon, because it
doesn't matter if you say, "Oh, in
theory, the LLMs are not intelligent."
Like, whatever, dude. What are you
talking about? No one cares. We are
making trillions of dollars and you
don't because you missed the train.
Okay, he's too theoretic.
Ken says, "Stashup deploying 20 V3
stalling satellites Thursday won't boost
the stock. Absolutely not. No, no one
cares. Staling is totally priced in.
Doesn't move the needle. It brings in
80% growth for for the staling revenue,
but this is look at the valuation. It's
too much of a disconnect. Colossus moves
the needle much more.
Meta wisely bought TPU from GCP to
control cost. Exactly.
Joe being out of Tesla until scaling
begins. Is it really risky? Yes, young
dude 80 because you don't know when
scaling begins. That's the problem.
I am no I like you look like you look
you're missing out on a 20% move that
can happen any time
and I mean it depends on your
proclivities right you can try to trade
this but I don't I definitely want to be
in there and I'm trading around the core
position you know you don't have to
think just in black and white you can
think I want to be in with a core
position because you always have to
humble yourself in terms of what can you
predict I'm humbling myself like it's
not black or white it's called risk
management in all directions. There is a
risk you're missing out on major moves
in Tesla and you can mitigate this risk
by having continuous exposure that you
don't touch. If you then want to be
smart on top of it, you can trade around
that core position and you have two
positions, one on and off position and
one continuous position. It sounds a
little dumb but it's not dumb because
you can't really predict the future. You
can just approximate it.
Uh,
hey it's Anthony says, "Someone explain
why Meta is a good company. They seem to
invest in only things that are going
nowhere." Well, no. It's like Google.
They're also failures in a way. But look
at the financials.
They are just doing that because they
can, because they're driving a
tremendous core business. They acquired
WhatsApp. They acquired all kinds of
things that were very successful. And so
don't just look at the losers, look also
at the winners. And
the AI is a high conviction bet. And
this time it's the right bet. And why
I'm so bullish on it is because of
Alexander Wang. You know, I look at
people and I quickly make up my mind.
I tend to be always right on people when
I'm bullish on the people. I never was
wrong in my life and I'm bullish on
someone. I'm not always right when I
don't like someone because I can't my
ability to differentiate between I hate
this person because he's a douchebag or
he's annoying or he's a liar versus this
guy is incompetent.
I'm not so good in differentiating that
and it's correlated but not completely.
I mean, there are people like the Nicola
guy where I knew he's a total fraud. Uh,
but for example, the figure one CEO, I
don't know, really don't like him.
Uh, but is that because the way he talks
and stuff or is he truly incompetent?
Could be, could also not be. So, if I'm
very not liking some, there are also
people I don't like. I don't want to
name any names. There are definitely
people I don't like where I'm highly
convinced they are very competent and
they will succeed financially. So that's
a cate. I'm like I'm good in calling out
competence. I'm not so good in calling
out incompetence. So sometimes I really
don't like people or call them bad when
they still succeed
in after I call them that. So, don't
listen to me when I don't like someone,
but listen to me when I like someone.
Mark says, "I worked in Huntsville in my
early engineering career concerts at Von
Brown Center." Nice.
I'm a big Fon Brown fan, but uh yeah,
there were like some problems in the
past. Elon's master plan, let AI and
robots handle Earth. Humans venture into
space and beyond. Well, I still want to
have a house on Earth, by the way. I
like Earth some places. Leonardo says,
"People like to be ignorant because it's
bliss to them, but they will get a rude
awakening. Life is the ability to adapt
to drastic change and predict drastic
change." Leonardo, exactly.
Uh, young dude 80 says, "Joe, previously
you said discounted cash flow matters,
which I agree. Now you say profit."
uh long run they are roughly the same
but I think DCF is the right metric and
spend now well DCF
but young dude DCF is different from
cash flow in like today
right because DCF
approximates profit long term right
because these depreciations make sense
in the long term if you look at 10 years
what is very dumb of people if if
there's capex jumping up a lot like
right now that's upfront capex X before
the margins come in, the cash flow comes
in and that drops short-term cash flow
like this year dramatically. Okay?
And that is very dumb. So DCF is very
different from cash flow. Cash flow
means this year cash flow and that gets
totally distorted if capex goes up. DCF
looks forward in at infin item and then
that is quite smart.
Mark, really enjoyed your report today,
Joe. Best. Thank you, Mark. By the way,
I'm designing this thing. This is clot
design. I'm like working on something,
so I hope this gets better over time.
But yeah, I like it. Meta is powerful
because they own a lot of social media
platforms. User base is huge. Yes. Ivan
Choy, yes, I encountered rent freeze in
New York for three years with no real
rental income, but still need to pay
mortgage. I'm very happy I finally sold
my property in NY and left. Good to
know, Ivonne. I think you can't handle
leftists. They are insane. They're going
to destroy everything. California, New
York, and and they are like trapped.
They're not going to get out of their
thing.
Uh Jeff Lu says, "We'll be lucky if you
have 1,000 unsuccess by end of this
year." Well, the funny thing is the
difference between 1,000 and 10,000 is
very marginal when you think about it.
If you get to 1,000, we quickly get to
10,000. So
yeah, let's see.
When does the car apocalypse happen?
When people panic, sell their
non-self-driving cars. I say sometime
2027. Yes, Mari Party. I had like a
video long time ago, like a over a year
ago where I said car
the car. What is it?
Carocalypse.
Car apocalypse. That's how they call it
in LA. They closed the four five.
side story, but they closed the 405 for
some construction work. The 405, the
worst the worst highway in America, the
405
between Westwood and Santa Monica, they
closed it.
Fun story. And they and LA had like
warning radio and TV specials for six
months because they're LA Angelinos for
six months. It was like the biggest
event of the year. like you in six
months they're going to close the
highway for
like I don't even know for a week or
five days for six months it was talk of
town and everyone left the city everyone
literally thought the world is going to
end and if you were in LA you understand
why and they call it car
what how do they car apocalypse car
apocalypse was ingenious and then of
course not much happened because
everyone was prepared and left down.
So 2027, yes, it might be the end of
these OEMs.
Which one is better value now? Tesla or
SpaceX? Absolutely Tesla right now. In
my opinion, you send some people. What
about highly intelligent, capable liar
douchebags?
Highly intelligent,
capable
liar douchebags.
Uh, let me think. Well, I should name
names, but I don't like them
because
why I don't like them also as an
investment. First of all, ethically, I
don't like it. And
I always think what if the world catches
up with them, they get destroyed, right?
They will have a problem. Also, if what
if they cheat and do something criminal?
So, it's very different from dumb liar
douchebags, but highly intelligent cable
douchebags.
Uh, my it's very simple. I don't invest
in these companies, but I'm fully
aware that they might succeed.
Ken says, "I don't like anyone." There
you have it. Boom. Can't go wrong with
that. Sam Alman being sued by Apple for
theft.
Yes. Where's my Apple chart? I had this
too. Uh the left is a negative force.
Yes. Grock having some control of the
car could be amazing. Well, not too much
control.
Four 5Gs. What a So, the 110 will
take all the traffic. Well, but you
can't get out. That's the problem.
You're trapped. I mean the 10 even
though if if you go to Pacific Highway
on the 110
on the 10 the 110.
Yeah. But if the 405 is closed you have
a big problem. You have to go 10 and
Pacific Highway or go through hell in
the other direction. It's just bad.
Hey Anthony says Joe. Do you agree with
the slow initial scaling of robot taxi
in a way is a huge gift for us? High
conviction investors since the method
Tesla is using seems to be stripping the
risk. Yes, I mean they have no choice.
They have to do it this way. It's fine
with me.
What does the unheld in Zaxony unhold
mean? Also Lindsey Graham. Yeah, Lindsey
Gra. Okay, we'll wrap up with that. Uh
what does unheld mean? I I was like
always let's Google this in live. You
can do you can watch me do live research
about Germany. So why does it what does
anhal actually I know what unhalt means
but it makes no sense. Anhal in zaxen
anhal meaning and
let's see because I actually don't know
anal refers to historic region and
former sovereign state in central
Germany that makes up the eastern
central park. Okay, great. So it doesn't
mean anything.
Anhal Castle,
a now ruined medieval fortification
built around 1,100
1100 near the modern town of Hat hats.
The house of Ascania, Count Ottoon
Balenet, of the house of Ascania, it
sounds like a Lord of the Rings,
constructed the fortress, making it the
ancestral seat of one of the most
powerful and influential dynasties in
German history.
House of Ascania. Wow.
From castle to princip principality in
1212. Can you Americans even imagine in
1212 there wasn't even Indians in in in
America? Probably no one even knows. In
1212, not 1211, not 1213. In 1212, Count
Henry
Henrik the Henry first Otto's grandson.
Who? auto split the territory from the
Dutch of Saxony
officially and establishing the
principality of Anhal and adopting the
title prince of Anhalt.
Throughout the Middle Ages and into the
early modern area, Anhal was highly
fragmented, dividing into several
semi-independent principalities ruled by
different branches of Ascanians such as
Anhal Desesso, Anhal Coutin, and Anhal
Seapst. Katherine the great Russia born
in the region famously hailed from the
house of Anhal Seabst. Wow. Did you? So
Zakanhal is Anhal was this medieval
thing and it actually spawned Katherine
the Great who went on to become the
empress of Russia.
That's pretty impressive.
There you have it.
Uh,
Lindsey Graeme, I think something's
going on. You just, if you're Lindsy
Graeme, you don't randomly die.
We probably get peace in Russia or
something now.
They could remake Escape from LA with a
shutdown of four or five. Yeah, Snake is
nothing against that. That's like
horrible. What I'm sensing about Grock,
Grock loves to have strong effect and
more than just a little much. Grock has
a serious will to power. I hope not. Do
you think what that next week's stock
market won't be affected by Iran war
being escalated? Iran war doesn't
escalate. It just goes back and it's
like everyone gets bored by this. It's
probably over by tomorrow.
Uh Native Americans have been North
America for much longer than the 1200s,
probably millennia before that. Well, no
one knows three cat zero. Sure. They
they walked through the bearing sea when
it was frozen
which was in 10,000 BC but they were not
like Apaches or something. They were
like they were like cavemen.
Uh if you're going to 600 plus when
cyber caps actually start scaling versus
risk of going to 300 250 until then is
really that risky to miss a tiny upside.
I mean
difficult to uh time that's the problem
you know if it goes to 600 who cares if
you go to 300 in between we don't know
if it goes to 300 only if we have a
correction in the market and we didn't
go up
Marty party says 1212 is pre- big bang
yes the big bang was in 1492
October
when uh Columbus found America
what was it the 13th 18 of October
1492. I don't know why I can remember
this. This is the Columbus day. Was it
13th of October? I forgot.
So, that is it for now. That was the
news for today. Um,
interesting weeks ahead. The bottom line
here is dudes
AI is coming outside the Tesla
situation. What we saw this week in AI
is gamechanging.
It is a confidence booster for everyone
who is in the AI trade at large and very
big things are happening.
You know,
do you have a schedule for your live
presentations, Chrissy? Every Sunday
around seven, sometimes I'm late. Today
I was traveling, came back. Uh every
Sunday around 7 or 8,
whatever this time here is European,
middle European time. Uh which is
uh
I always forget. It's 10 a.m. Pacific
time. I only know Pacific time and
central middle European German, Swedish,
French time. So, normally 700 p.m. on
Sundays for the Europeans, 10 a.m.
Sunday for the Californians,
something in between for everyone in
between. And the Australians, I can
never do the math. This is too
complicated.
Uh, I think 15 hours ahead of the
Californians, something like that, but
I'm not sure.
15 hours. No, that No, that's Thailand.
The Australians are like a 100 hours
ahead.
Chris Giddy is in Silicon Valley. That
is the same as California.
Native American cultures probably had
longevities in the hundreds
of years. I don't know if that's true.
That would be impressive.
It's starting maybe they had like a stem
cell therapy. It's starting to feel like
Tesla is waiting for FCV version 15. I
don't think so.
Okay guys, let's wrap it up. It was a
pleasure as always. We will have this
new format. I hope you like it. I'm
working on the details here. But this is
my new format. It's automated to some
extent. We will improve it over time,
make it look a little more pretty to
ramp up the production value. I just
have to figure out how to make it look
like not like a square.
Oh, not the cultures. I was like, what
is Street Cat Zero talking about?
Hundreds of years stem cell therapy. The
cultures, of course. Yes. Yes. Yes. The
cultures. Very ancient.
Um,
okay guys, that's it. Thanks for
attending and
more news to come. We live in amazing
and insane times.
We watch AI evolving.
Uh maybe we need some more political
commentary because I think the big risk
for all of us is we in this bubble. We
are investors. We we benefit from this
whole thing. Don't forget that the vast
majority of people has no clue is left
behind is getting fired. It's losing our
jobs while prices go through the roof.
While the top 10% get very rich, the top
1% get insanely rich, and the top 10
people become trillionaires.
This is not sustainable. It's going to
be a problem, and we better look ahead
and understand all of this while we are
learning how to use all these super
tools. Okay, that's it for now. Thank
you so much for being here and have a
great week. See you tomorrow.