Channel:     davelee
Title:       (almost) Everyone is wrong about Tesla vs Uber
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0yRKLXZ2nE
Published:   2026-09-08 19:08 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey, it's Dave. So, in this video, I'm
going to be talking about how I think
Tesla versus Uber is the wrong framing
to think about the future of robo taxis.
So, on one side, you have some people
who are like, "Oh, Uber's gone. Tesla
robo taxi is going to decimate them.
Who's going to want to take a Uber?" And
then on the other hand, you have people
saying, "Hey, Uber has the network. They
have the brand. They have the demand."
they can just aggregate right Tesla robo
taxi competitors into the existing Uber
network and they will be a super
competitor to Tesla. Now I think both of
these angles are not the correct or in
my opinion the most um accurate type of
way to frame the future of autonomous
driving and ride hailing. So, in this
video, I want to go through a different
angle and why I think actually Tesla
versus Uber is the wrong question and
the wrong frame to to think about. All
right, first off, um I tweeted this
actually last night. I want to just go
through my tweet, explain it more in
detail, give some nuance, and then I'm
going to follow this up with um asking
AI. I asked Fable 5.1 asked me 20 hard
questions about kind of my viewpoint and
um see if I can defend it. So I'll go
ahead and try to defend this viewpoint
or explain it further right at the end
of this video. All right. So here's the
argument. I don't think Tesla and Uber
are real direct competitors in the sense
that many people think they are. Let me
explain. So Uber has a network. Their
beginnings were formed because drivers
are scarce. You don't know where a
driver is like with their car. And so
what Uber did was they pulled all these
drivers and their cars together and they
offered a connection from this network
of drivers who are available to pick you
up around you and they connected it to
the people who needed that ride. So they
pulled the dem the the supply together.
Now the demand was was there right taxi
services etc um had already validated
that there were people wanting taxis but
Uber basically pulled together the
scarce resources of nonreal taxi drivers
right non um full-time taxi drivers
pulled them together created a whole new
source of supply for transportation an
amazing service for for what it served
now in the age of robo taxis there's a
problem there's no more scarcity of
drivers. And what I mean by that is the
robo taxi by nature has no driver in it.
It's AIdriven. And that's the
revolutionary part of a robo taxi is you
strip the human component, the human
labor out of the equation. And because
of that, there's going to be an abundant
supply of robo taxis. Think about it.
How hard is it to come up with one
human, right? Give birth to one human
and raise them for 18 years and and
you'll see, you know, that's really
really hard. But give like make one car.
It's relatively easy. It's like a a
slight fraction, you know, 0.001% or
whatever. I don't know what it is, but
so much easier than raising a human,
right? And in that sense, robo taxi and
that in the age of robo taxis, you don't
have to deal with the scarcity of
humans. And that's a super scarce
resource. Because of that, you're just
gonna have to scale or just make robo
taxes and make cars. And that's so much
easier. That's why there's going to be a
huge uh supply or onslaught of robo
taxis available versus compared to now.
Now, one of the biggest challenges Uber
has is human drivers and recruiting
human drivers. Uber constantly loses
human drivers. They're constantly having
to recruit new drivers. Um it's a huge
thing and then they they can't control
when the drivers exactly drive and so
they have to work with their existing
right pool of drivers. It's an immensely
um complicated and messy
business to be in and that's what robo
taxi I guess escapes or gets rid of
right circumvents in a sense and because
of this
and the abundance the future abundance
of robo taxis what we're seeing is Uber
will lose their relevance in a sense of
no longer was pulling together scarce
drivers like right now it's valuable
because let's say there's not much road
taxis out there But in an age where
there's an abundance of robo taxis that
can take you from point A to B cheaper
than human drivers, what's the point of
bringing together human drivers, right?
There is no scarcity in that anymore.
There's not much value in that anymore.
Therefore, Uber starts to lose their
relevance.
Now, um some people say, "Oh, but
doesn't Uber have network?" Right? And
their network effects millions of people
use it. They have brand, they have
trust, they have loyalty, all this
stuff. People have the Uber app and
they're used to it. However, in my
opinion, the maker of the best robo
taxis, especially the first movers, they
will be able to create their own network
very very easily. And this is where I
think I differ from a lot of people who
think that Uber has value even in a robo
taxi world. The reason is is because
since robo taxis are so much more
efficient than an Uber because you take
out the human labor element. Uber is
stuck with managing human drivers and
that labor while let's say a Tesla robo
taxi just manages hardware. And because
of that Tesla can ramp a ton of robo
taxis and flood a city with 10. Like for
Tesla 10,000 cars in a city is like
nothing, right? they can make that, you
know, in a month or less than a month, a
few weeks of time, especially when
they're at scale and they they can
saturate, let's say, a midsize city and
provide a faster service than what let's
say Uber can provide and people will be
drawn to the faster and cheaper service.
Therefore, it creates demand for a new
network to be formed almost instantly.
And this is why Tesla doesn't need Uber
by any means at all. and they don't want
to touch Uber because in a way it's a
net negative meaning by taking on Uber
you're taking on all this extra legacy
messiness of managing human drivers when
all you need is a compelling real robo
taxi solution you just build 10,000 cars
in a city 20,000 whatever 50,000 cars
you roll them out and you get a network
almost instantly let's say it takes few
several months a year or two but that's
still really short uh timeline because
of the pervasiveness of the supply of
robot taxi that creates the the shorter
wait times that creates the availability
and the costs are uh by nature much
lower than an Uber and so therefore
creating the network for robo taxi is
not uh as as hard as a lot of let's say
Uber proponents uh might suggest
also with robo taxis I believe there is
a real first mover advantage not in
sense of whoever comes up with let's say
a demo and I think Whimo in its scale
and also Tesla in its current robo taxi
scale they're all demos I mean no one
has at scale proven out let's say robo
taxi deployment but the first company
that does it at scale meaning they
basically flood the market displace Uber
make Uber irrelevant because you're
providing so much more supply faster
cars cheaper cars etc than than uh Uber
that first mover is going to have a real
advantage
And the reason is is because
once you
move fast and you flood a market with
robo taxis and you're able to in a way
displace Uber um or provide a more
compelling right service, more cars,
faster weight times, cheaper, what
you're doing is you're creating your own
network and those that network contains
its own network effects which means the
more cars you put onto it, the more
demand you add on to uh into that
network, what happens is that network
gets stronger. It becomes a more
compelling product. So, for example, you
boost up the cars from 1,000 to 5,000.
What happens? Basically, a wait time
goes down, a cost goes down,
availability goes up, the service just
gets better, right? And the more people
that get on the network, Tesla can
deploy more and more cars. And so the
the path to a strong network effect is
very very quick and easy for the first
company that builds scale at robo taxi.
The problem is is with the second and
third company. The second and third
company now when they enter the market
let's say for robot robbo taxis and they
try to scale they have to provide an
equally compelling service in terms of
availability and cost um and wait time
as the first uh mover at scale meaning
if let's say Tesla robo taxi succeeds to
be at scale first the second and third
competitors to robo taxis will will have
to provide as good of a service or who
will want to to test out a better a more
expensive, less reliable, right, longer
wait time robo taxi service when they
can just go to Tesla. And so the second
and third company basically have to
subsidize their roll out and try to
compete, meaning they're going to have
to, you know, uh, basically subsidize
the price, try to make it cheaper, and
that's a big cost. Now, they're going to
have to believe they have a way to
subsidize, right? and not to bleed so
much money until they can get to a place
where they have as much supply and and
um as much compelling let's say cost and
availability as Tesla without losing too
much money. The problem is here's kind
of like the I want to say checkmate but
here's the the strategic move that Elon
did and Tesla is rather than just
focusing on the software and providing
let's say autonomous driving software
what Tesla did was they actually focused
also on the hardware side and the reason
why they focused on cyber cab and the
hardware side and they also focused on
reducing the cost and the complexity of
manufacturing to such an amazing and
drastic extent so they're bringing down
the actual cost of goods and the cost to
manufacture the cyber cab or robo taxi.
And by doing that, they've created
almost like a double competitive
advantage.
So they got the first mover advantage if
they can get to scale in cities, provide
a compelling service, right? That makes
Uber just, you know, just not relevant
in that sense. But the second
competitive advantage is the cost
advantage where even if another
competitor comes to the market, they
have to have sustainably
equal cost as Tesla to have a chance in
that market or else Tesla will basically
choke the the competitors to death in a
sense. And so now the competitors just
don't have to have as good of an as an
autonomous driving solution as Tesla.
Now they have to have as good as a cost
structure as Tesla. But who in the world
can have a as good as a cost structure
as Tesla? They need to be able to
manufacture their cars as cheaply as
Tesla. And in order to do so, they have
to also go through the similar um
advancements, improvements, innovations
in manufacturing as Tesla has done. And
that's a much more complicated kind of
endeavor. And that's what kind of like
the genius stroke of Tesla and Elon has
done with robo taxis and cyber cabs is
it's not just a software play and a
network play on autonomous driving. It's
also hardware and a cost play where now
people can't just beat Tesla on
software. They have to beat them on cost
of hardware as well. It's a double
whammy. Um so yeah it's extremely
extremely difficult I think for future
robo taxi networks to compete with the
established
first mover robo taxi at scale if that
company not just creates you know great
software and safety and creates that
compelling market but also um
establishes it in depth with uh a cost
advantage on the hardware side. So my uh
I continue and I say Tesla's real com
competitor isn't Uber. Tesla's real
competitor is the next robo taxi that
network that deploys at scale. What I
mean by this is Uber is Uber. Uber is
basically you know a company that
manages whatever you know human drivers
and their cars to connect them to
people. Now I'm not saying that Uber
when I say they lose relevance I'm not
saying they're going to die this quick
death. Like there still can be an
ongoing relevance for Uber in a certain
sense. But what Tesla does is it creates
a whole another product service. And in
a lot of ways, I don't even look at
Tesla's or robo taxi service and Uber
service as as similar at all. I think
we'll see this as time goes on, five to
10 years pass. Tesla service will be
completely different than a
human-driven, you know, uh, Uber
service. The real competitor is who will
be the next robo taxi network to de to
release and to scale robo taxis right at
scale in different cities. Now, can Uber
do it? Well, Uber doesn't really have an
autonomous vehicle program anymore. So,
they're they're going to have to partner
with another company. But here's the
tricky part. For example, in Austin,
Whimo and Uber are partnering. You get
uh Whimo only through Uber. The problem
is that only works when Whimo doesn't
have scale in that city. When Whimo has
scale in a city, for example, if they
had 20,000 Whimos in Austin, why would
you need an Uber app, right? Uber just
takes their big cut away from Whimo.
Doesn't provide much because Whimo can
create their own demand by creating
their own network, right? You just
download the Whimo app and let's say
there are five times as many Whimos as
Uber drivers in Austin and it's like
totally cheaper because you cut the the
Uber commission out of that as well.
Who's going to go to Uber anymore,
right? Like Uber as a network doesn't
have the relevance if and when, right, a
robo taxi company can actually go at
scale because that's it's such a
no-brainer of a competitive advantage,
right? To have no human in the loop. It
reduces the cost and if you can have the
availability short wait times then right
you've got your own network and that's
why I say Uber isn't the competitor it's
whoever can deploy at scale is the next
competitor now is there a possibility
Uber can't partner with you know another
robo taxi company at scale I mean it's
possible I just don't see it efficient
and it doesn't make sense in the bigger
picture why an autonomous robo taxi
network would partner with Uber if they
could really
deploy at scale, right, their own robo
taxi because it's not that expensive to
deploy, let's say, in a in a midsize
city.
So, I conclude and I say, hey, I'm not
sure if Whimo will be the one, right, to
compete with Tesla as the next
competitor. Uh, and I don't think Whimo
is deploying at scale right now. What
Whimo is doing is still demo mode. I
think Tesla is still demo mode. It could
be Whimo if they can boost their
deployment. It could be someone else,
right? But it's going to be some company
that deploys at scale at a much higher
density than Uber. Let's say at least 10
times the amount let's say of or five to
10 times the amount of cars that Uber
has in a let's say in a city or or or
geography. All right. So now let's move
on. Let's ask um uh AI. So I pose this
my argument to Fable 5.1 which I think
right now is the best AI. you have aster
six is is pretty good too but I asked
for 20 questions to kind of like really
you know dive deeper test this uh this
hypothesis and this argument I could be
wrong of course so let's go through
these questions I'll kind of share more
in depth and this will also maybe poke
holes in my argument too maybe you'll
have a different argument I think this
is healthy debate all right so question
number one from fable if drivers are no
longer scarce what becomes the new
scarce resource capital, charging,
regulatory approval, data. Okay, so
there's two types of things going on.
One is the first is the hurdles to get
to scale, right? And of course, when you
get to scale, you need regulatory
approval. Um,
yeah, you need, you know, uh, enough
vehicles, you need the capital to to
scale. Of course, you need data, um, to
make things safe. And so there are a lot
of things you and I wouldn't call that
perhaps scarcity or or scarce resources.
Those are just um prerequisites to get
to scale, right? Meaning you need a safe
service. You need, you know, 10,000
whatever vehicles in a mid-size city.
You need, you know, regulatory approval.
You need these obstacles removed to get
to scale, right? That's not I I think
scarcity in the longer term picture.
What is scarcity? What runs right? Why
is the network long-term sustainably?
What gives it value? I think what gives
it value is this combination of super
high availability, super low cost,
right? Low wait time. It's the quality
of service, right? That's gives it this
the scarcity. And so it's a combination
for Tesla when they have the robo taxi
and they have it at scale or cyber cab.
It's the low cost and high availability,
right? And the user experience. All of
that combined is the scarce resource.
Now,
how can you compete against that? You
have to provide, right, a better quality
service at a better price. And that's
really, really hard. And that's kind of
the scarcity is this whole picture that
the robo taxi provides, that network
provides. And you just can't compare it
to Uber. Uber prices are higher, the
weight times will be longer. Um, and as
a result, the demand for robo taxi rides
will grow. I think uh crazy at least 10
times as much as they are right now. All
right, question two. Is hardware really
easy to scale? Whimo has been at it for
over a decade and is still in a handful
of cities. What's the actual bottleneck?
Yeah, it's hardware is not the is not
hard to scale in the in the bigger
picture. Meaning
uh the hard thing to do is to solve the
AI problem is to drive with cameras and
using
AI models to drive from point A to B and
to be safer and not just a little bit
safer but to be five to 10 times safer
than a human driver. Now that's the real
problem. That's difficult to make a car
and to make a cyber cab and to redesign
it manufacturing all that. That's
challenging, but Tesla has done it
before, right? Uh made new vehicle
programs from scratch. That is the the
easy easier much much easier part. Um
it's the software. It's the safety. Um
number three, why couldn't Uber just
become the aggregator of multiple robo
taxi fleets the way it already partners
with Whimo? Now this is the crux of many
people's argument right for Uber and in
a lot of ways against Tesla robo taxi.
They think hey there will be the second
place and third place and fourth place
and you bring them all together and they
will compete against the first place
right and Uber is the perfect network.
It seems so like clear and logical in a
way but it's so flawed the the reasoning
if you can look at it from kind of
different angles and look at it a little
deeper. And here's the reason
is why again I go back to the to the
example of why would a robo taxi network
that has solved robo taxi meaning it has
created the software that's 10 times
safer than a human all that needs to do
is scale the hardware now the hardware
is relatively cheap like compared to a
human you could scale the hardware much
faster than Uber can like has ever been
able to scale drivers um you can have,
you know, 10 times the amount of of
vehicles and than Uber drivers in an
area. Why would that robo taxi company
that has solved robo taxi, why would
they need Uber when they provide such a
better experience, shorter wait time,
cheaper, right, rides, etc. than Uber
can ever provide, right? And why would
they give up that whatever 20 30%
commission or even more to Uber to be
hosted on Uber's platform when they
could do it themselves and pass on the
savings to the consumers, right? You
might say, "Okay, but there's still a
marketing problem. How can this robo
taxi network get access to those
consumers?" Right? And you might say,
"Oh, Uber is kind of a gateway that uh
allows these robo taxi companies to get
access to the consumer." But again,
right, that's like for the especially
and here's a cool thing about the first
mover advantage. For the first mover
advantage, the difference is so stark.
Meaning, if you can solve the problem,
release, you know, 10 times the amount
of vehicles as Uber drivers in area,
make it cost over half less, better
availability, the difference is so
stark. It creates the demand for a new
network almost instantly. You don't need
to spend 20 30% of all your, you know,
fees on partnering with Uber to get
marketing and outreach, whatever,
customer
uh acquisition. And that's the cool
thing about the first mover advantage.
Now, the second and third and fourth,
like you might think, okay, they might
need Uber, right? Because how are they
going to reach the customers? But that's
the problem. If they partner with Uber,
they have to give up that 20 30%
commission to Uber. Now they're their
their prices cost more, right, to the
end user and how is that going to
compete with Tesla? You can't compete
with the first mover if they're, you
know, giving rides much cheaper. So it
almost becomes this like pointless thing
to partner with Uber. You got to create
your own network with cheaper with as
cheap costs and better service that than
Tesla's robo taxi network, right? in
that whatever given geography. Extremely
difficult to do. But again, I think what
people are missing is they're
underestimating how strong the robo taxi
network is going to be once it deploys,
right? Let's say Tesla is the first. Um
yeah, you can't use Uber uh to try to
like, you know, help the second, third,
fourth. They need to be so good on their
own that they can create that demand
cheaper than Tesla robo taxi better
service whatever to create it or else
they don't have a chance. Um who's going
to want to pay 30% more right for a
robot a different robo taxi that you get
on Uber? It doesn't make any sense. Like
what value does Uber provide? Um yeah.
All right. Uber has hundreds number
four. Uber has hundreds of millions of
users. All right. So now AI is talking
about what Uber provides a payments
relationship and habit. How much does
does demand side lock in matter when
supply is abundant?
All right. So um I want to approach this
by two things. First um I don't want to
discount what Uber has. So Uber does
have hundreds of millions of users a
payment relationship habit etc. They've
got uh driver recruiting. They have it's
amazing product right and service that
Uber has. Um, granted now I think what
Uber does is it actually does survive as
a humandriven
network of drivers and they start to
kind of specialize and focus on certain
use cases that need humans in the loop.
For example, a courier service where you
are basically bringing a package to
someone or meal service where you're
delivering something, you know, walking
upstairs and whatever. of course until
optimist comes which will be a bit later
but human focus like some person wants
them to open a door right an elderly
person wants help with a wheelchair or
with crutches or with a walker
um so there will be cases and like for
example there's you know there'll be
things like for example Uber driver
might spot um a human driver more might
be a little bit at least initially more
able to drop off the the human driver at
a certain place in front of the
supermarket, etc. There's going to be
use cases for Uber as human drivers. And
I think that's where Uber's competitive
advantage will shine. They've got a lot
of users, they've got the payments, they
got the usage, people's habits, yeah,
they don't change instantly. So Uber
continues on as a human driven driven uh
human driver network and it finds use
cases. I'm not uh uh a person that says
Uber's going to go away and go bankrupt
right away. They've got a strong
network. They've got a strong service. I
think they are sustainable in a certain
sense. Will they grow? Well, I don't
think that's necessary the case. Will
they shrink completely? No, there is
that service. And so that uh does
matter. However, um it doesn't matter
also in the sense when you have in a
city 10 times the amount of robo taxis
than you do have Uber cars or Uber
drivers and it's like a third of the
price or less than half of the price as
Uber and the weight times are much lower
then Uber's competitive advantage don't
really matter for the general use case
of getting from point A to B where most
people don't care about having human,
etc. in the loop. They just want a
comfortable drive. In those use cases,
which are going to be probably 95% or
more of the use cases, maybe even
higher, 98%. Like, in those cases,
Uber's advantages don't really matter
because the advantages of robo taxes are
so great. It just is a completely
different product class, meaning what I
mean. And because of that, yeah, it just
makes Uber's whatever advantages like
irrelevant because they're stuck with
the disadvantages, which is the costs
and complexity of human drivers in their
network. All right, question five. All
right, AI is uh giving some good angles
here. Uber also does food delivery,
freight, and operates in market robo
taxis won't reach for decades. Does Uber
die or just shrink in some cities? Yeah,
this is what I was talking about. So
Uber lives on, you know, in different
ways. they'll adapt, you know, more
human focused things that need some
human in the loop. Um, there are a lot
of use cases for transport. I don't
think Uber dies right away. Um, sure
they might shrink in some some places.
Uh, find different angles.
Um, and who knows, you know, I mean, it
depends like when does Optimus come
along where it could do food delivery
and they don't you don't need a person
to do food delivery, but food delivery
is here, right? a package delivery is
here. Um,
yeah, there's a lot of transport needs
in this current, you know, society we
live in. And I think Uber has actually a
decent amount of value even with the
human in the loop. It just can't compete
with the robo taxi network. I mean, a
true robo taxi network is a completely
different product, right? It has no
humans, right? Think about not just 10
times 100 times as many vehicles. let's
say a quarter of the cost, you know,
wait time half or whatever, less than
half. It's just there. It's a different
product. That's why I don't like
comparing Uber with Tesla's robo taxi or
robo taxi network. It's just it's um two
class of products. All right, number
six. What's Uber's counter move? If you
were Uber CEO reading this, what would
you do? Yeah, I mean the writing is on
the wall in the sense because what
Tesla's been doing, they've been doing
for like 10 years. like this journey to
true robo taxi network you can't do in
like a couple years right Uber gave up
their autonomous driving program maybe
rightfully so because it costed a lot of
money high risk etc but they don't have
much you know they've got this network
they can sustain as maybe a
a human driven human driver right
network for many years um maybe sell
ancillary services right you want to go
deeper into food services anything that
really requires humans for the longer
term. Um I think is is is good in terms
of partnering with autonomous driving.
Now that's the question like what can
Uber do and yeah I think there is a
chance Uber could not just partner but
they need to make it where the
autonomous driveing company
not just needs Uber for the first you
know step because then you can just cut
out Uber and just go on your own but
rather than than that Uber has like a
ownership stake in the company maybe
like 50% 51% or something where the the
autonomous riding company autonomous
driving company has to stay in Uber in
that network, right? And scale within
Uber's network. Um, that would probably
be the best case. But how can Uber get
51% in a true robo taxi, you know,
competitor company? Uh, tough, tough,
tough. And who is who is in the US at
least, you know, who is third place
behind Tesla, Whimo? Um, tough. I mean,
China has some, you know, AI will talk
about that. They have some people, some
companies, but it's different story in
China. All right, number seven. Is first
M mover advantage real here or is it
fast follower advantage? Google wasn't
the first search engine. Yeah, again, um
it's not first mover in the sense that
just gets out demo cars, 100 cars, you
know, thousand cars. It's when I talk
about first mover, I'm talking about
first mover at scale, right? to reach
this tipping point in a geography where
you've got five times the amount or
whatever of cars as you do Uber drivers.
Wait times are lower, right? Supply is
just much more immense. It's a tipping
point where it's creates a different
experience, a different service. It's
just different product, right? That's
what I talk about when I talk about
first mover advantage. Um, yeah, in some
ways if you are technical, you can say,
"Oh, Wayobo is first mover in the the
robot taxi." But I don't I don't buy
that. I think the demo market doesn't
really count here. All right, number
eight. What's the switching cost for a
writer? If two apps both have just three
minute weights, why not just use
whichever is cheaper today? Um,
yeah. I mean, that's the thing. Um, I'm
not sure if I get the question, but
that's part of the way the first mover
advantage actually works both in
establishing the network and sustaining
the competitive advantage. Meaning the
reason why the first mover at scale at
robot for robot taxis at scale creates a
network automatically is because
you give let's say cheaper weight times,
but let's say it's equal weight time as
Uber. you just have like half the cost,
right? And so it's a no-brainer. People
switch because it's such a stark
difference. It's not five or 10% or 20%,
it's like half the cost or less, right?
It's so compelling that you switch
because it makes it's a no-brainer,
right? But that advantage that creates
the network for the true first mover at
scale also sustains the network because
later on let's say the second robo taxi
network tries to company tries to come
and tries to deploy at scale now they
have to meet the wait time and cost of
Tesla and be better or else people don't
want to switch right let's say it's 3
minute 3 minutes and the costs are same
but but you've taken a 100 rides rides
or a thousand rides with Tesla, you're
just going to take with Tesla. So
therefore, you need to provide shorter
weight time or shorter costs, right, to
be able to uh get that place, that
competitive place against the first
mover. So um yes, it matters. Number
nine, does the winner need to be first
overall or first in each city? Is this a
city by city land grab? Yeah, I think
Uber and Lyft and others ride healing
has shown that this is largely geography
based, meaning just because you win in
one country doesn't mean you're going to
win in another country. And also, yeah,
in some ways you it can be city by city
or geography by geography. So, um, but
that's the thing also the first mover
and also with robo taxis because they're
so much cheaper to manufacture and
deploy than human drivers at scale. the
the amount of penetration that that a
robo taxi network can do at scale if
they can produce the cars cheaply enough
is immense. Meaning, you know, you don't
have to recruit a bunch of drivers. You
just release a,000, 5,000, 10,000 cars.
Let's say Tesla's able to make a million
robo taxis a year.
Um,
you know, you could do whatif 20,000 uh
um yeah, 20,000 robo taxis per week.
Like that's a lot. That's a lot um of
robo taxis. I was asking um AI earlier
like, okay, how many miles are driven uh
by uh Uber drivers in a year? And it
thinks maybe 3.5 to four billion, maybe
up to five billion max. And if you have
robo taxis in the mix like how many robo
taxi if you have robo taxis now and they
operate 24/7 but let's say they have
breaks and they charge etc. It was
saying you might need 250,000 robo taxis
but of course there's demand you know
peaks and all this other stuff you have
more waiting time. So even if you need a
lot more road taxes than 250, you know,
maybe you need 500,000 or a million to
cover similar as let's say Uber, still
that's just one year of manufacturing
for Tesla, right? They can basically
overcome um uh and uh saturate the
markets that Uber are in or at least
compete and outdo them in terms of
supply in in a year of of manufacturing.
if they can do a million a year. Now,
that is un that's like crazy if you
think about it. And that's um the
difference between like robo taxi
deployment is you can deploy fast and
you can deploy at scale and this land
grab. matters who's first to deploy at
scale because put out a million robo
taxis um and you can deploy in a ton of
cities around the world and you
establish that first mover network
advantage and now everyone else has to
compete against you and has higher bar
right to establish themselves. All
right, number 10. Why Tesla rather than
someone else to flood the market?
Manufacturing capacity, cost per car,
the FSD data flywheel. Yeah, what
Tesla's done is first and foremost,
right, they've um through doing
end-to-end neural networks and through
having fast amount of data, they've been
able to create this general purpose
um FSD full self-driving autonomous
driving software that they've refined
year after year getting better and
better. Now you might say Whimo also has
a software etc. But Whimo software is
much more complex, relying on various
sensors. Um, personally, I think Tesla
software is ahead. Um, not just the
software side, but it's also the cost
side on the hardware. You can't compare
a Whimo car versus a Tesla Cyber Cap.
It's completely two animals, especially
with the added sensors and complexity.
Whimo also doesn't manufacture their
cars. So, they have to partner with a
manufacturer. It's basically they're
making two cars. They have to buy a car
and they have to retrofit their car.
It's like double the price or obviously
much more, but eventually it's still
going to be the car plus extra stuff
where Tesla has has refined it where
it's like not just a car. It's actually
less than a car through the unboxed
process and getting rid of the paint
shop and you know minimizing simplifying
all the systems etc. making their own
batteries and and inverters and and
drivetrains all this stuff. They've made
it where it's like cheaper than a
regular car. How can you compete against
that? I mean, that's crazy. All of this
stuff adds to the ability of Tesla to
scale, right? To flood the market. It's
the combination is you need the AI
software to to to solve the problem and
you need the hardware to be cheap enough
where you could, you know, scale fast
and broadly. Um, Whimo, yeah, doesn't
have I don't know who else, right, has
that right now. All right. Number 11.
What has the what has to go right for
Tesla to actually be at scale? how many
cars and how many cities by when. I
don't think I don't think it's a by when
thing. Uh because I don't know. I I just
don't see at least in the US and in some
markets
um around like when do when does a
second place really scale? When does
Whimo scale bigger than Uber? I mean
they're trying in different cities like
they go you know um here in Austin you
can see actually quite a few Whimos in
in downtown but I think for Tesla what I
mean by at scale is yeah you need to
have penetration you need to have
density that's significantly greater
than Uber so that it matters to the end
user they feel that it's a much better
service
weight times are are are shorter more
cars right cheaper
all of that it needs to feel
significantly better. That gives the
impetus and the demand for the instant
right network creation that I'm talking
about. Um so yeah, Tesla I think is
doing it right. They're going city by
city. Um
as the software gets better at V15, I
expect them to scale. Um it seems like
they're they feel like they're getting
ready to scale. I mean they're they're
making these cyber cabs right now, not
just like demo cars. like they seem to
be manufacturing them, you know, at a
decent pace. I don't know exactly what
their pace, but it seems like at least
hundreds a week and and they probably
have made a thousand. At least that was
one of the reports that came out. All
right, number 12. What's the biggest
risk to this thesis? Um, regulatory
delay, a safety incident, FSD not
reaching required reliability. Yeah, FSD
not reaching required reliability.
That's interesting because yeah, it's
possible AI-15 isn't as safe as Tesla
hoped and it takes another year, right?
I mean, that's very very possible. It's
not a slam dunk that FSD V15 is is
reliable or safe enough for this massive
massive rollout. A lot of it is also AI5
chip dependent. Um regulatory risk is a
real thing, right? Um Tesla has to
deploy at scale. they need um yeah uh
regulatories to be on board as well. So
in some ways there are real risks. It's
hard to pinpoint the exact timing. Tesla
I think is trying to deploy right with
V15. I think 2027 seems to be the year
where they're trying to go broader much
broader in cities and trying to attempt
at density in some cities and we'll see.
And if they can do it, a lot of it is
the software side, right? If they can do
it, I think they the manufacturing side
is much easier to scale. Um, then you
can see a a fast roll out. All right.
Number 13. Why doesn't Whimo count as
deploying at scale right now? Where's
the line? Well, I talked about it again.
It you need to have more density of your
vehicles in a given area. Not just like
a that's the thing. Whimo kind of like,
you know, it might be good in a city
city, but it's in a geography. it just,
you know, in a broader area that's where
Whimo starts to drop off, right? Go on
the outskirts of a city or whatever. Um,
so yeah, I think overall I think the
scale what I mean by scale is not just a
small geographic area in the downtown of
a city or whatever. I'm talking about in
a geographic area. It just is no
competition, right? Your robot taxis
five times as much, right? In terms of
uh vehicles um leading to better
service, better cost, etc. Number 14.
Could a Chinese player B do pony.ai
rewrite reach scale first and export the
model? Does that change the US picture?
Um, I don't know if it really changes
the US picture in the sense um I mean we
could say hypotheticals, right? Can a
startup whatever beat Tesla? Sure,
anything can happen. Um, but could a
Chinese player I mean you'd have they
would have to
uh really nail the problem of the
software better than what Tesla has done
and nail the manufacturing and nail the
the regulations for a foreign company to
come in and all this stuff and the
trust. There's a lot of stuff. I mean, I
think the best kind of most likely
scenario for the Chinese players is more
of a domestic um type of competition and
it's possible that China could regulate
and limit Tesla's exposure to kind of
autonomous driving in China and that
allows for others and it could be region
specific too. some C companies or some
countries and cities might regulate
autonomous driver driving robot taxi
networks to protect the human labor of
taxis and of you know ride hailing
drivers as well. So that could limit
certain growth in certain cities. Number
15. Could automakers like Hyundai or
Tesla just sell robo taxi to fleet
operators and create a fragmented market
instead of one dominant market? Yeah, I
mean that's the problem. It's like, does
Hyundai or Toyota really have the
software to make a road taxi? Sure. You
know, you could try to manufacture
something that, you know, is is rider
first, right? Is um tries to compete
with cyber cab and its convenience,
right? Takes away the driver controls
and all the stuff, but you need the AI
software. And where does that come from?
And you might say, "Oh, Nvidia will give
it to them." No, but Nvidia like their
business is like like more hardware and
they provide a lot of software and
platform and tools so people can try to
build on their hardware and software,
but just because Nvidia, you know, model
looks like it could drive like a Tesla
doesn't mean it could drive like a
Tesla. Um,
there's a lot of real-time requirements
for driving. There's a lot of edge cases
for driving. It's a different animal
when you deploy it on the streets. Just
can't take, you know, some model that
looks good in demos. It's a it's a you
can't trust demos anymore because it's
like it's a completely That's why I look
at like some people they get tricked.
They look at a demo and they see, oh,
this this car is driving in the streets
or something. It's it's like flawless or
something. You know, Tesla had demos
like that in like 2019, right? I mean,
demos are are pointless in a sense
because they're completely different
than real world driving. Um,
yeah. What you need is you need driving
that's like flawless over tens of
thousands of miles. Like that's what you
need. And you just can't get that in a
one-hour demo. In a 1 hour demo, you're
just like driving like 30, 40 miles. All
right. If number 16, if robot taxis
become abundant, doesn't that crush
margins, too? What does the winner
actually earn per ride?
Um, so yes, in a I would say yes and no.
So sure you
don't have super high margins in a sense
that you want the product to be much
much cheaper than than a human driven
Uber network, right? But you don't need
to actually have super low margins to
compete with an Uber network because the
Uber network has the human labor
element, right? So you just remove the
human labor element, you can still have
decent margins. Second point is the
network. I think the road taxi network's
going to be so much larger. The demands
are going to be so much higher because
the product is so much better. That
creates a order of magnitude higher
demand um for the product or even
greater and that basically adds to more
you know net um net profit basically
because you have such a bigger market.
Also over time I think you know there's
a time a period where people try to take
on the incumbent and the first mover and
it's very costly because you have to
subsidize that roll out because you have
to give availability and cost as cheaper
cheaper than Tesla and that is a bleed
for these companies and then you see
these companies die out give up whatever
and then you have then the the survivors
or survivor basically raise the prices.
You could look at what happened with
Uber and Lyft. Like after everyone died
out, Uber is able to raise prices and
Lyft as well. And so now like Uber's
Uber aren't as cheap as before and the
margins have improved because there
isn't that, you know, there aren't these
crazy companies trying to compete with
Uber and Lift anymore. It just isn't
worth it, right? The the network effects
are just too strong. I think something
similar could happen with robo taxis.
Number 17. What happens to millions of
Uber drivers? Does that create political
pressure that slows the roll out? I
think it could. It could
um in certain cities and countries that
have strong lobbying it could and I
think this is geographically dependent
on you know different situations. Now,
on the flip side, I do think human
habits are resilient in some ways, and I
don't think Uber is going to die this
quick death within a year or two. Like,
you know, sure, people take more
routies, but there's going to be a ton
of people who love the human in the car.
I feel a lot safer. Like, for example, I
was driving um I was taking someone
around uh the other day and I was
telling, "Hey, did you hear about Cyber
Cab?" And they hadn't. And I was like,
"Yeah, there's no steering wheel, no
pedals, whatever." and like they're
like, "Oo, this is that's scary. That's
scary. I want a human in the car." And
you'd be surprised how many people
actually feel that way. They want a
human in the car. They feel safer. Now,
you might be watching this video and you
like you have FSD. You've been you used
to it driving with for years and years
on FSD, but most people don't have that
experience. I think because of that, you
know, I don't think we're going to see
as fast of a drop off of Uber drivers as
some people might expect. I think it
could actually be slower and it could be
more gradual. Another thing is people
are smart. Uber drivers are smart on the
whole like they can see the writing on
the wall. They can see robo taxis and
whimos like you know increase whatever.
And so you know they can look for other
jobs and other ways right and people
move to other and even with drivers
right you have a lot of drivers moving
to more food or package delivery etc. Um
there are ways that the market shifts um
especially when it's slower and more
managed. I think um my hunch is actually
it might be a bit more slower than
people realize um
for Uber number 18. What's the analogy
for a normal person? Is Uber like
Blockbuster? A travel agent? A taxi
medallion owner? Um yeah I I'm not sure
if I mean Blockbuster Netflix is
interesting. I don't think they were
direct competitors because Blockbuster
offered DVDs. Netflix offered, you know,
completely different experience, but
they're the same movies in a sense. Um,
the way I look at it more is is these
are two different products, right?
You're looking at Uber, human-driven
network, highriced, hightouch, you know,
for those who like a driver, like a
human in the loop. uh robot taxi network
is going to be you know whatever a
fraction of the price super available 10
times 20 times 100 times more available
super short wait times super better
experience point A to B for the vast
majority of people and it's going to be
a completely different product class
that increases demand for this new
product class by 10 20 100 times
compared to um to the old traditional
human driven ride hailing network I
think that's largely going to be
something that's you know it's like it's
you're going to look at it very
differently Uber in five years it's
going to be traditional very human touch
you know less relevant to most people
but still alive because people some
people like that and they need that for
a time number 18 what's the well yeah
number 19 timeline when does Uber's
decline show up in its numbers two 510
yeah I mean Uber's decline once you
start seeing like
robo taxi saturate a market like really
saturate it like just provide hundreds
thousands of cars in for that area where
there's so many more robot taxis than
there are Uber right cars that's when I
think people are going to wake up and go
wait a minute right what does Uber
really have but on the flip side Uber as
a more mature company they could try to
find different ways to milk their
customer relationships
So, I wouldn't count Uber out
completely. Um, there's different ways
to monetize, you know, what Uber has.
So, it depends on management. There's
their their strategic moves. Um, but
yeah, I wouldn't count on Uber just, you
know, flopping over right away. Number
20, what would make you change your
mind? Um, yeah, I think probably the
biggest thing is if V15 just is a dud,
right? it just like
you know just is a regression right
which I highly doubt but if it just
isn't safe enough still like that but I
mean that chance is is I mean there's
always a chance but I feel like the
chance is low because the jump from 13
to 14 was really good just looking at
personal experience driving FSD V14
compared to a year ago I mean I feel so
much safer in it driving my AI i4 V14 uh
Model Y right now than I did a year ago.
I remember a year ago I was like, "Wow."
When I first took the Model Y robo taxi,
I'm like, "Oh, this is much smoother
than my car. It stops on speed bumps.
It's, you know, it goes." But now my car
does all of that and even more, right?
It's just amazing. It's like I go
through so many flawless rides. It's
like it's shocking if it's not flawless.
Occasionally there's like navigation
issues or parking issues still, but in
terms of driving, it's just like such a
amazing experience. So, um, but yeah,
maybe it's not good enough for Tesla to
scale, right? And so now you have to
wait another year. Um there could be
another company, a startup that just
comes or another, I don't know,
incumbent or something that really
shakes up things and you know, I don't
know, maybe certain companies pulled
together to make a third a new company.
Let's say you know I don't know some AI
focused company and you manufacturer and
a manufacturer pulled together to do a
joint venture for a completely new
company that that creates robo taxis
from groundup right and it does kind of
a cybercap model that's kind of
interesting right that could you know
yeah factor in um
so yeah there could be a huge
breakthrough that maybe these Chinese
companies just start to really nail it
and start to solve robo taxi as well.
Um,
yeah, possible.
What's interesting to me also is, and I
was like, as I was answering these
questions, this one thing kept on coming
up, which is Tesla has also millions of
cars that they've sold that are in
people's parking garages or in their
driveways, whatever, and they're all
over, not just the city, but on the
outskirts of the city. So what Tesla can
really leverage that a lot of other
companies can't is they can once the
road taxis at scale and people opt in.
They could actually wake up a car on the
outskirts of the city that there aren't
many road taxis. There aren't many ruber
drivers even for Uber driver it take
like 20 minutes to get there but they
could wake up a car that's like 3
minutes away from a person's garage on
the outskirts in the suburbs and just
you know pick up the person take them to
some place and bring the car back.
That's not something that, you know,
other car companies are able to do that.
What that does is it it kind of like
polishes out the service. I say pol it
makes it much more compelling because
you the reach of your service now is so
much wider than if it was just a
downtown area. Now you've got reach like
you know everywhere basically. Um yeah,
interesting interesting uh stuff going
on. Another thing is Tesla has made a
lot of their cars like uh modular in the
sense that they could you know you could
swap out the AI computers even if you
can't Tesla will have to swap out right
the AI3 computers so they'll learn how
to swap out the computers and so you've
got kind of an existing fleet that's
able to take advantage of you know their
latest models too eventually. Anyways, I
hope this was a interesting kind of dive
into
the future of robo taxis, how it might
play out. Now, a lot of this is
speculation. It's my thoughts. I could
be wrong. Um, but I wanted to share some
of the different angles I'm thinking
about and contribute to the debate um
that's going on in terms of the future
of robo taxi, the future of Uber, the
future of Tesla, the future of
competitors. You know, can Uber
aggregate robo taxis? um
and you know carve out a big big market
or not. Lots of interesting questions.
All right, hope you guys uh are doing
well. Uh thanks for watching and we'll
see you guys in my next video. Thanks.