Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Analysts Think Tesla Optimus Is Basically Free! Here's Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEfjMrIqJcM
Published:   2026-05-12 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

sentiment around Tesla both as a
business and stock seem to have turned
around. Piper Sandler's Alexander Potter
just dropped a surprising new note. He
says at $400 per share, Tesla investors
are getting optimist for free and he
reiterated his $500 price target. They
forecast Tesla nearing $1.8 trillion in
annual revenue by 2045 from get this 17
discrete business lines. 17.
Interestingly, they included licensing
of FSE and selling Tesla hardware to
automakers by 2032. Their estimates for
Robo Taxi are massive, but
conservatively don't start till 2031.
We'll dive deeper into this. Top market
technician Katie Stockton of Fair Lead
Strategy says Tesla is finally showing
the positive catalyst we've been waiting
for. Meanwhile, there continues to be
big moves in Tesla's major business.
Elon just toured Intel's Oregon Fab, a
sign that Terafab is moving fast. Tesla
supercomputer Cortex 2 continues to make
progress now turning on partial
operation. This is the facility that
will be important to train the Optimus
robots. Speaking of Optimus, according
to Chatter in China, it's being reported
that Tesla has officially placed its
first bulk purchase order with humanoid
robot supply chain companies. And
finally, we'll watch two interviews of
ArchInvest Kathy Wood as she explains
Tesla's robo taxi advantages and
shockingly they estimate revenue from
Starlink alone can reach $ 160 billion.
This is a big show today and we've got
Jeff Lutz with us. He's a multi-deade
supply chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeff. air, but we're going to
be back here in 2045 to go through
Alex's report. See if he was uh accurate
by business unit.
&gt;&gt; We will. I think so. I have a feeling
we'll be that. We'll see. But uh
sentiment is uh minuteby minute going up
and down. Tesla's sentiment on both the
product and the business seem to have
turned around. Maybe I'm speaking too
early here, but let's take a look at
Piper Sandler. They did deep research
and they dropped that research. And one
of his interesting points he made is
that Tesla investors are getting Optimus
for free at the current valuation. He's
saying that at $400 per share, we think
investors can buy Optimus for free.
That's what he wrote. He added that
traditionally relevant metrics or the
traditional relevant metrics are
becoming less important. It's FE
subscriber counts and robo taxing
metrics now that take center stage. He
still keeps his $500 Tesla stock price
target. What do you think about that,
Joe? Yeah, I mean that's a near-term
target and they could be there tomorrow
or you know it it could happen soon and
then these companies and these these
analysts have to go back in and relook
at
uh and sometimes they they get in this
mode of chasing. There's definitely a
lot of momentum that's building the
technicals are aligning around the
stock. The report's interesting that you
get Optimus for free. It's interesting
the other leading bot company in the US
I think is capturing a $40 billion plus
uh valuation and you have Tesla here who
has the AI proven AI capability. They've
got the proven manufacturing capability
and they have the manufacturing capacity
and the people to deliver this thing to
market. And I think that's actually in
the bot industry that's the big thing
that's you need. You have you need
product, you need engineering, and you
need manufacturing to get these things
to work. You need the right product,
you need you need the engineering, the
AI in in the engineering side of it. You
need manufacturing. And so few companies
are going to be that's like a truth
table. There's so it's it's a it's an
ANDgate, meaning if any one of them's a
zero, the whole thing's a zero. So any
one of those three things is a zero.
There's no bot out the other side. And
Tesla, I believe, has all of those at a
one. So, and there's going to be very
few companies.
I always the the the Jensen 10 bots next
to him on stage. One of them may ship
and ship in volume and be successful. Uh
you'll see a flood of bot bots from
China. But this report saying you get
Optimus for free. It's kind of like
going to the grocery store. Oh, you buy
whatever you want and you get this for
free. You get a coupon for it free
later. That is an interesting way to
think about it. I don't think we know.
So, it's very clear that the market in
advance gave Tesla credit for AI
self-driving and they gave it a and a
lot a lot of credit actually and there's
credit in there for Elon being CEO and
there's credit for their execution in
the auto they still have a profitable EV
business Tesla energy and so forth. So,
I love these analyst notes. I read
through this one. I love you. You can
build things up different ways and
there's different ways to do it and they
have their their model. They have their
plan. They what but I think everybody
else has to just think introspectively
and think about not only Tesla but also
think about the competition. And we
talked about yesterday just you know
Tesla finally doing this coast to coast
drive and like oh the first the next
comment I we always say like well it's
late it should have been whatever how
many years ago. Well where's everybody
else? So, it's great to see these nodes.
I have a feeling these all these price
targets with four and five handles are
going to be updating soon to much higher
numbers.
&gt;&gt; The numbers they chase, but it's
interesting what they include and don't
include. Okay, so yeah, here's Optimus.
He says we get that for free, which is
great. Okay, so they did a very detailed
analysis. We're going to dive deep into
this. Viper Sandler says that Tesla's
nearing 1.8 8 trillion in annual revenue
by 2045. I mean, they're just way out
there, but 17 discrete businesses, which
is great. That's I think the key thing
is take a look at what they um focus on
in terms of businesses. So, if we go
down this list here, you got licensing,
FC licensing. They do believe it will
happen. Uh they don't think it's going
to happen till 2032, but then look at
it. It looks like it's going to be a
major business. That's interesting
point, by the way. and hardware. Same
thing with hardware. So, automakers cuz
as this is automotive, automakers will
be buying this. What's your anal
reaction to this?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, this one's obviously
spoofed. This one's obviously spooked
all of us of we thought this could have
been something that happened sooner.
But if you look back look at it in in
retrospect, if you're a company
potentially partnering with Tesla, you
notice like when the Supercharger
partnering happened, the Supercharger
network was built out and it was proven
and is ready to go. And these these
companies are like, "What do I have to
lose? Like I don't have it. Like I'm
Ford or GM. I don't have charging and
it's an it's an actual barrier for me to
get EVs to market. So, why wouldn't I
partner with Tesla? At some point,
they're going to see in their data that
FSD is a decision in buying a vehicle
and their sales are going to drop off if
they don't have Tesla's FSD. And that, I
believe, is going to drive a lot of the
uh the licensing. And there also may be
a federal government piece of this. So
look where we are today. We're eight or
nine times safer than human driving
today. If this gets the right eyes on it
and the right publicity and if you're if
you're the you're the you're the
president of the United States or you're
in Congress, you're like, "Okay, I have
this driving system that enables, you
know, 43,000 deaths to go down to 4,000.
Well, why wouldn't I try to get that on
as many cars as possible and eliminate a
a driver of death and serious injury?
It's worse than like or on the par of
like cancer or something in the US. It's
why wouldn't I do that? So, the other
driver of that licensing may be actually
uh regular regulatory
&gt;&gt; could happen sooner. I I don't mind this
analysis of them pushing it out to 2030
for licensing and hardware. Uh,
subscriptions fine. I don't know what's
going to happen to subscriptions,
honestly. That that that would be weird.
But they they kept vehicles flat, pretty
well flat all the way. Um, all the way.
I mean, look at it. Actually goes down
over time. And I don't know what the
logic is there, but I can see where like
if they put more into Robo Taxi instead
of selling it, fine. But if you go down
to Roboaxi down below here, he doesn't
see Roboaxi to truly become a real thing
until 2028.
And then and then it just takes off
here. Boom. 2033, 300, 500, 700. Oh, you
know, it's like that. But I don't I
haven't compared this numbers to what we
think it it's going to be because I
think it's a lot lower. But, uh,
regardless, what do you think about his
robo taxi numbers, which just
everything's pushed off quite a bit. Um,
it I I think Morgan Stanley's is like
this, too.
It it's they they're going off of
they're going off of the information
that they have, and it's an unknown. We
don't we don't know what this could look
like. So, they modeled it. Morgan
Stanley modeled it. I think Tesla is
building their business to go much
faster than what this is. If they do,
these guys will come in. They'll change
their numbers. They'll have a new model.
They'll have a new price target. And
they'll be on their way. Like there's no
there's no accountability of like, hey,
you made a model and this is how
accurate it is. Nor would I expect their
model, I think, beyond 2 years or 3
years to be super accurate. Um, to be
honest with you, it but some of these
numbers are are pretty interesting. Like
look at the supercharging business. Look
at the revenue from that. like where it
is today, you know, a couple billion,
you it's going to 10x over the next
couple of decades. So, that's a big
deal. Um, look what they have insurance
doing just as a business itself. Um,
it's it's it's it's mind-boggling the
number of businesses that actually have
spawned off of Tesla and what other
quote unquote just a car company has
created product where they want to
license your software, they want to
license your FSD hardware, they want to
license your charging network, and you
have your your you're selling your own
insurance,
and your your repair business is
profitable.
And I just what other I mean this is
this is an incredible this is an
incredible business.
&gt;&gt; Very good point. I mean if you look out
2045 they've got the vehicle sales at
five uh 50 48 billion
&gt;&gt; and um
&gt;&gt; it's not a car it's not a car company.
&gt;&gt; It's not a car company because look at
all the other licensing software all
that is huge. And this is 17 trillion by
the way. So it's like uh it's crazy
numbers uh when you get out here. They
just pushed it off. That's but they did.
But
&gt;&gt; it should be 1 point it should be 1.8
trillion and then yeah if you were to
put some sort of 10 times sales on it.
Yeah. Then you get to your 17.
&gt;&gt; This is this is what gets these crazy,
you know, valuations. But you know,
we're talking we're talking almost 20
years
&gt;&gt; from now. I think these models are fine.
But I think even Tesla would tell you
like this is
I just build me a model for the next one
to three years. I think that keep an eye
on that.
Yeah, I agree. 5 years, 10 years is the
max I would do. But uh anyways, okay,
very interesting, good numbers thing.
But at least the point being that they
do they themselves are now trying to add
in licensing and hardware,
subscriptions, insurance, super all that
all these robo taxi and others. They did
not include bot. It's not in the system
at all. And by 20 years, you know, they
they just had zero bots. Strange. Why
why would they not include Optimus at
all?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just like it's like Kathy Wood,
they're just not ready to because it
just blows out the numbers like crazy.
So, uh, Alexander Merge pointed out that
uh, you know, again, all these points
that we just went through, licensing,
revenues, hardware. I think that you can
just decide debate if you think that the
um, the numbers are 2030s. Uh, that's
the only time it goes. All right, let's
talk technicals. Um, Katie St. Stockton
was interviewed. She's uh talking about
and she says um positive catalyst we've
been waiting for. Let's listen to what
she says here.
&gt;&gt; Breakout at this point or could become
one. Joining us now is Katie Stockton,
founder and managing partner at Fair
Lead Strategies, a CNBC contributor as
well. Uh Katie, good to see you. So,
you've been you've been watching closely
here. What does this move tell you in
Tesla? Well, we have been watching and
waiting for it to do something in the
way of a positive catalyst and finally
we do now have one on our charts that
it's a great example of the cloud model
which people can access themselves.
You'll see on the daily bar chart of
Tesla that it now has a confirmed
breakout above resistance from that
cloud model. The cloud had previously
acted as support for more than a year.
So, it's definitely a relevant
threshold. And whenever we see breakouts
like this, especially in this
environment, we do want to believe them.
They usually show not only positive
short-term momentum, but improved
intermediate term momentum. And indeed,
if you look at the weekly chart of
Tesla, not only did it actually hold
cloud-based support there, too, as it
came down, but now seems to be on the
verge of its first intermediate term
momentum buy signal or MACD buy signal
this year. So, nice turnaround.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's your thoughts on that,
Jeff? Technicals.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just well I mean look what's
happening in the business in the last
month or two. We went from two cars
operating autonomously to near 40. And
that's actually a meaningful thing that
that means you have something you want
to put out there in meaningful
quantities to drive and and to serve the
public with. So it I think the market is
signaling that robo taxi is is off to
the it it like the starting line like
the gun went off and the question is is
how fast is this thing going to go now?
It's not like if it's going to happen.
The fact that you have several dozen
vehicles out there running is again it's
it's behind what Tesla was signaling six
months ago. But it's not like it doesn't
work. it works like where it's this
binary thing of is it going to work?
Yeah, it's going to work. And the
question is is how fast does the ramp
look like and cyber cab starting up? Big
deal. Uh and I think just this 90-day
period and Elon's talked about Q2. It
there's a lot going on. First off, it
looks like auto sales are picking up. It
looks like whatever happened in in
energy in Q1, by the way. I mean there's
for other other battery storage
companies people were throwing
themselves like wanted to jump off a
building uh for the miss in the prior
quarter. Tesla missed consensus by 38
39% in their energy business in Q1. So
they may have a big Q2 coming. It looks
like they may have a big Q2 in auto
sales if the April momentum holds.
&gt;&gt; You've got optimist potential optimist
start of production. You hear we're
talking we're hearing about suppliers
gearing up which means that it's most
likely there is this July August startup
then of assembly of optimist. So you
have the robo taxi ramp up. You have the
cities being staged. You've got these
Nitsa approvals. Elon Elon with Trump
again. Elon it just a lot of good
headlines are there's a lot of good
headlines that are and nothing really
terrible nothing bad. Uh we haven't had
the big we haven't had knock on wood
some like some big robo taxi at fault
accident incidents or anything like
that. So I think it's and and the
technicals are lining up. So getting
over the 200 day, I think it was in the
402 404 area. There were some fibs like
in the 409 to 414. So after this 414,
there's a you know there's there's
points of resistance back up to all-time
highs, but they're smaller points of
resistance. So if this Tesla's a
momentum stock and it's traded well in
Q2s before as well. So if it you know
momentum begets momentum and it'll just
it'll continue to go and there's good
headlines behind it too.
&gt;&gt; That's that's all right. Uh so auto
business looks like it's stabilized and
that's the most important thing growing
maybe and then you've got the core
business auto and then you've got the uh
story stocks of robo taxi seems to be
growing and even the other things I
wanted to show here. Um you've got Elon
visiting Intel's Oregon fab. That was
great. That was the photo that they
shared here of him visiting the fab.
Looks like the move for Terrafab is
moving pretty quickly here. And then Joe
Techmar's video shots of Giga Texas
Cortex 2 is pretty impressive. If you
take a look at all these installed mega
packs, the part two of the chiller
system assembly continues. The
superructure, this Cortex 2 is what's
going to be important to train the
Optimus robots. And then you can see he
said in a distance that's just north of
facility. That's the factory that
they're going to be building uh for the
10 million per year Optimus factory. But
look at this. It's like boy, Cortex 2 is
moving fast. And uh they just rented out
Colossus one and then Tesla themselves,
that's XAI's Colossus one two Anthropic,
but now Tesla themselves has Cortex one
and now Cortex 2 that's going to be
coming online. I think 50% of it is
already ready to go. So that's moving
nicely. And then I wanted to ask you
about the humanoid robot. So this is uh
rumors but it's coming from you know
China's suppliers and according to those
reports Tesla has officially placed its
first bulk purchase order with human or
robot supply chain companies. This
person says this indicates that the
Optimus project has moved beyond the
sample testing and validation phase into
a small-scale mass production and
delivery stage involving actual payments
laying the groundwork for mass
production in July and August. This
project is no longer just conceptual
confirmed actual orders and entry into
performance validation phase. That's
what they're saying. Do you believe this
kind of stuff?
&gt;&gt; So, first off, you are putting orders in
even for samples. Those are those are
purchase orders. So, the terminology,
whatever, it's fine. Look, they ju Tesla
just got on an earnings call a couple
weeks ago and said, "We're going to
build start building Optimus in July,
August." If they're building Optimus in
July, August, a lot of the mechanical
suppliers, electromechanical suppliers
had to have started production in April.
Uh, and even even slightly before. And
the silicon any any silicon any switches
anything that obviously is not made
these are parts not made by Tesla coming
from suppliers they would have they
would have started and put their orders
in for those as well. So these these
signals from the supply base are now at
this point if you take you have to you
have to it's like it's like uh it's like
neural nets like you you're you're
piecing data together and if you can
piece certain data sets together then
they the oneplus 1 could be actually
more than more than two in the in the
situation. So the fact that Tesla told
you that we think we're starting up in
July August and now you're seeing this
intelligence. Now, if you put those two
together, it's likely it could be true
and it's more likely to be true because
if you have nothing from Tesla, remember
we had we had suppliers, we had supplier
intelligence even back in January. Oh,
they're starting up. They're doing this,
this, and this. But Tesla was telling
you they're going to build Optimus,
they're going to start at the end of the
year. Remember, it was the end of the
year and then they pulled it up. So, if
you put these two together, there's
likely some truth uh to it. I I I think
we can do a whole other show on this.
There's just so much work that has to be
done in the humanoid supply chain. It's
fine for building these couple of
thousand, but all these suppliers are
all going to converge. All these OEMs
are going to converge on a couple of
suppliers and some bottlenecks are going
to occur. It happened in the smartphone
scale up too from a hundreds of
thousands to the first million to the
first 10 million
&gt;&gt; and there's a lot of work, but there's
likely truth to this. this is the right
time to start the the shortest lead time
com this would be the end of the
shortest lead time component starting up
if you're going to be building in July
&gt;&gt; can you speak a little bit to uh expand
on the idea that if you watch the
company spend it's one thing to hear
what Elon said doesn't say what we're
rumors and all that but if you watch
what the company's spending money on so
we just talked about how they're
spending money on um Cortex 2 that's
actually being built um and then this
robo the robots that's seems to be
happening. The visit to terror fab that
seems to be happening. These are massive
spends. They they probably won't
show up in any, you know, actual revenue
or sales and all for many years, but
they're spending the money now. Why? Why
do they need to tariff? Because he
expects to have millions of human or
robots and robo taxis. Why does he need
to have cortex too? All that spend that
they're doing now. Why are they building
the human or robot 10 million per year
line? That seems to be pretty
significant and then order ordering this
many.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, he he Tesla is is setting up for
mass scale. And this is what I want
people to understand is some of these
decisions are multi-year uh t time frame
decisions. Some of them are shorter like
ordering the the Optimus parts for for
thousands to be built, you know,
potentially starting this summer.
There's a short-term and there's
long-term. By the way, they could be
capitalizing
those if those optimists are going to be
used to train uh train Cortex to it'd be
interesting. They could this could be
part of their capex spend. Typically,
you would expense pre-production and
even production prototypes that aren't
going outside of your company, but they
could be capitalizing it, but that's
that's finance mumbo jumbo. Tesla is
definitely setting up for scale. And I
saw people on X being critical of like
what's happening with uh Colossus One
and them leasing it out to Anthropic.
First off, Elon has out. He's he's off
to the races in terms of building
infrastructure. Colossus 1, Colossus 2,
Cortex 1, Cortex 2,
&gt;&gt; Macro hard 3,
&gt;&gt; Nvidia and three and and and Dojo. And
everybody's working with him. He's
getting supply. He's getting energy.
He's using his own batteries. He's
electrifying these systems. He's getting
them up and running. Guess what's going
to happen? He's going there are going to
be some points where like, hey, I may
have some extra bandwidth. Like he's not
going to time everything perfectly, but
what he's doing is he's moving the whole
thing forward at mass scale. And there
may be these periods of time, hey look,
Enthropic uh you're obviously you have
the best models and now he met with them
and he feels more comfortable working
with them. This is a big win actually
when you're my point is is you're not
going to be perfect ticked and tied when
you're moving this amount of capacity
online. You're going to have points in
time like hey maybe I did a little bit
too much. That's okay because end state
he's he's going to be using this and
more. He talked about what he's going to
do with Colossus 2 and what he's going
to do with Cortex 2. So when you know in
the out years if you know one to two
years out I'm building an Optimus robot.
I'm taking Grock to this and and and
then in the in between in that in
between time if I've got to lease some
capacity out this is like small
potatoes. It's a great thing actually
for SpaceX AI revenue, but this is in
the grand scheme of things, this is
small potatoes. So if you want to jump
on X, you want to be critical. Oh,
Grock's not good. This is why you want,
you can do that. But you have to look at
the the thing over a two to five year
horizon. And if you look at it over a
two to five year, which is what the
planning for this type of capex buildout
should be and beyond, he's really
setting up to be way out ahead of others
in terms of coherent capacity for
training for inference and and
potentially
I don't want to say this, but Elon Web
Services terrestrialbased,
space-based, and that's not in anybody's
valuation that not only is he bringing
the compute online,
but he's making it available for others
potentially. That's not in anybody's uh
spreadsheets.
&gt;&gt; I think you're right about timing
though, right? He might do uh web
services meaning renting rent renting it
out to other compute companies who want
who need the compute specifically
inference. But then later when he if he
needs it when he builds those uh
millions of cyber cabs and when he
builds those millions of robots and he
needs that cortex one or sort of
colossus one which is designed for
inference much more perfectly designed
for inference rather than training it's
rental he can kick them on if he wants
to I guess you know when he needs it
right now he doesn't rent it out um all
right so that's like a movement not only
on the technical in the stock you got
Piper Sandler You've got uh um the the
movement of the big moves here for the
future. But here's Kathy Wood
interviewed twice here. She's talking
about um robo taxi versus Whimo. Let's
listen to what she says about that.
&gt;&gt; Slowly then all at once. So vertical
integration for Tesla means it will have
the lowest cost structure by far. Now
it's going to use Uber's umbrella here,
$3 plus per mile. Um, but if our
analysis is correct, those costs as robo
taxis scale are going to drop to 25
cents per mile. Think about it. The cost
of transportation is going to collapse
here. uh and no one Whimo's cost
structure uh according to our estimates
in 2030 will be 50% higher than Tesla's
because uh they're dependent on other
auto manufacturers
uh and others in the supply chain that
Tesla is not.
&gt;&gt; How are you thinking about
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I don't know if she said
anything new because we've been
following her so closely. Uh but
basically she's pretty sticking to her
guns that Tesla's cost structure is
going to be 25 cents per mile at one
point, but um Whimo, no matter what they
do, they'll only be will still be 50%
higher.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And what other industry would that
would that actually work? Like if you
were trying to build a car for the
$30,000 segment and you could build a
car for $20,000 that you sell for 30,
but everybody else could only get down
to $30,000. that that means they could
never enter the $30,000 segment. So, I
actually think that that's quite
generous for the competition.
Um, we'll we'll see how it plays out.
Names aside, I just think I think Tesla
has built something. I think 50%'s a
huge advantage. I think actually think
it may be more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so, too. Uh, what do you
thought about the way she's positioned
it that um it's just not no one's going
to catch up to this? This is it's pretty
obvious at this point that uh Tesla's
way ahead.
&gt;&gt; Well, look, we have two other we have
two recent examples now. Nobody has
caught up to Tesla in in EV. Now, let's
talk let's have the conversation about
the Chinese. The the Chinese unless you
have a business model that works where
you make a lot of money and you're not
dependent on all the government
subsidies to have a business, then I
mean you you see what's happening right
now in terms of the subsidies with Tesla
and how they're being they're being
stripped out of the business. And the
only reason the operating I know
somebody pointed to operating margins on
Tesla, look look what they're investing
in. Look what they're building. They're
not just a car company. Tesla has two,
My point is is Tesla has two recent
examples where nobody's caught them.
Nobody's building a profitable EV that
can ship globally. Nobody. There's
nobody. The Chinese can't set up,
establish, and run business anywhere
else and be profitable. And it's not
clear that they're profitable even in
their own domestic market. We do not
have clear data. And nobody could should
say that they have clear data that they
are profitable
um in their even in their own domestic
market. So we have that recent example
and now we have the full self-driving
example. Well, people just want to call
it a level two system. People want to
label it this, they want to label it
that. We just had now two sets of people
drive from LA uh LA to to New York City
intervention free. And just keep keep it
simple, just plain English. Can you go
to any dealership in the United States
and test drive a car and have it take
you from point to point anywhere in the
US besides a Tesla? The answer is no.
So, nobody has caught up to Tesla there.
There's It's not only that nobody's
caught up and somebody's a couple months
away. What is that? What car is that?
What brand? What model is is that going
to occur on? Is it going to be this
year? Is it going to be next year? is is
G does GM or Ford have a plan to be
driving coast to coast and it's not even
the coast to coast is just a
representative thing but just even going
to the one of their dealerships and say
I want to test drive the car that drives
itself and just I want to punch in an
address and have it take me there from
the parking lot there and back there
isn't another vehicle so we have two
recent examples of that and the now you
apply this to robo taxi
where there are incumbents there already
those incumbents are they do not have a
profitable business. Now you can say
that they're on some sort of trajectory
or track to get there. We don't know at
what point in time that would be and
what their what their terminal cogs and
what their terminal gross margin would
be in doing that. But it we have two
recent examples with building profitable
EVs in any economic zone in the world
and now having this full self-driving
system which is going to get approved in
every economic zone in the world where
nobody has caught Tesla. So all the
pundits that were saying some Tesla's
going to do it. They're going to be late
by the way and they're going to pound on
Tesla for being late. And by the way
there's facts that saying that Tesla
missed their own mile. that's fine, but
you have to follow that up with, well,
is there anybody else? Because that's
how the business world works. If there's
a demand for the product and you get
there and then nobody else is there, you
get it all. And and that's why Tesla is
deserving this this rich valuation. So,
I think robo taxi is going to be the
third example. There will be other
systems out there. They'll be running.
They'll be in small volume. they'll have
to self-limit themselves and they won't
be able they won't be at the the the
scale that you see Tesla robo taxis.
&gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Great context. Yeah, I
think uh I did a show on it and the
second number two would be Shopong.
They're probably a year or two years
behind, but they have all the, you know,
they even have their own chips. They
have their own cars. They don't sell as
a huge volume as Tesla does and they
won't be able to get to the US, but uh
in in China they might be able to
replicate what Tesla's doing there.
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's true. It looks like they could be
they could get there. And it looks like
Xiaomi on the EV side is following the
Model S kind of model 3ish maybe a
tweener vehicle like they're following
that same highly automated uh design and
production technique like they could
eventually produce a hardware EV
profitably globally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Elon's going to be end up
right which is it's Tesla and then nine
Chinese car companies and probably the
same thing with Roll Taxi. Uh last bit
here I want to show is uh Kathy Wood
shared her new research on Starlink
SpaceX model and she says Starlink alone
is a $160 billion
on SpaceX and will it remain in the
venture fund is the big question here.
We do not have to sell SpaceX because
it's a public private fund. It's an
interval fund. Our goal, however, is 80%
private and 20% public. SpaceX right now
is a mid- teens percentage position. So,
it technically we could keep it at that
uh percentage. Uh but now that there is
a way to access SpaceX or when there is
a way to access SpaceX as it goes public
that will be a much less expensive AC
access or so um we we probably will be
taking it down. We can't say anything
for sure until we do it. And it's
&gt;&gt; I don't know what I thought I had the
part where she said this $160 billion
revenue potential for Starlink alone.
&gt;&gt; Why was the camera so close? You or me?
Yeah, you.
&gt;&gt; Her.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's right.
&gt;&gt; I'm just listening to what she says,
which it is,
&gt;&gt; which is correct. I mean, again,
Starlink, I mean, we know that there's a
couple of competitors that are emerging,
but how many years? I mean, Starlink has
been under development, under deployment
for years. So you not only need the
product um but you need the the vehicle
to get product into its final point of
distribution and um so there's a pretty
big barrier there but there will be
there will be other competitors but it's
appropriate the there's a huge valuation
on Starlink.
&gt;&gt; All right. So Jeeoff uh the the the
purpose of this show was talking about
the sentiment around Tesla both as a
business and stock. Do you think it's
been turned around now? Where are we at?
&gt;&gt; Well sentiment can it's one of it's
sentiment. So, it could be positive and
at some point it could turn negative,
but it's certainly it's certainly turned
around. I mean, I think a lot of stocks
have also turned around, but there's
certainly uh there's certainly a a
almost a 180 shift. Uh again, it point
people were like, what's going on in Q1?
What's going on? You know, shipments
were there's 6,000 cars under the the
consensus number that somebody else
outside of the company made up. every
like every bit of news that was negative
was just being there's not enough robo
taxis. I like everything and now it's a
month later and it's like the
sentiment's completely different. But as
we talked about in the beginning of the
show, there's a lot of headlines and
there's a lot of real progress that
supports this sentiment shift on Tesla.
And back to the Alex Potter, back to
you're getting Optimus for free. Okay,
when's that investment cycle going to
start? When are people going to say,
"Look, you're not getting an Optimus for
free anymore. This thing's real." And
when is that flow? Because we, like we
talked about in the show,
&gt;&gt; Tesla got Tesla got credit for robo taxi
pretty early and for FSD pretty early.
And if Alex Potter and others and and
Morgan Stanley quite frankly are saying,
"Look, it's Optimus is not in right
now." Well, what happens when Optimus is
in? And if you think you're going to
time it, I mean, good luck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point. You
remember one time I was old enough to
remember Tesla is not a car company, not
a car company. Look at our energy
business and then nobody was talking
about energy. And then you know year two
years later all the analysts now have to
they're forced to because energy becomes
a real business. And then now it's
autonomy. Autonomy is coming. FSD can
you see it? And then now it is. And now
it's not fully put in but uh they're
starting to add the numbers and then
here we are. Same thing with Optimist.
None of them are going to add it yet. Of
course, we're seeing optimists. They're
building the factories. We see it there.
But they won't do it until And then what
happens when that happens? Another jump
forward. Thank you so much, Jeeoff.
Appreciate your u insights. Always
always love it. Follow Jeff on his
account at the Jeffoff Lots. Thanks,
everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.