Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How The Aschenbrenner Fund Implosion Impacts Tesla And AI Stocks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS_jgYQFjCY
Published:   2026-08-02 17:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-02 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Brena the Wunderkin from Silicon Valley
born in Germany went to the Green Party
when he was a teenager and advocated for
a more just world. Then decided that he
has a great opportunity in Silicon
Valley. Wrote some nice uh little memos
and then got lucky to jump on the
Wunderkin train of Silicon Valley which
is a very magical train. You never know
who gets on there. You need to hit a
certain behavioral pattern that matches
the ideas of Silicon Valley tycoons.
What it means to be a wound and then
suddenly you get a lot of money. So
Leopold was lucky enough to get a lot of
money from Silicon Valley investors.
He's only 23 as of today and invested
that in some no-brainers like Anthropic.
And that was back in 2023.
So he got a little lucky, got into a
great startup and made a lot of money
because if you invest in Anthropic,
naturally you get lucky.
And that is exactly what saves him right
now because after he did that, he got
even more money and decided to venture
out, no pun intended, into the
dangerous, dangerous world of hedge
funds. And he went beyond private
investments into
liquid investments. And that is a very
different game in case you're familiar
with venture capital and with hedge
funds because in venture capital the
world is simple. If you're well
connected and you have a bunch of money
and you're sitting in Silicon Valley,
you're investing in a bunch of startups,
you always get rich unless you're really
bad at your job.
It's a much lower pressure, a much less
dangerous area because you have a gated
community. You're an insider. you just
just drop the money and a lot of Silicon
Valley investors famously say you don't
even need to know anything. You just
spread your bets and the more you spread
it, look at Y Combinator, look at SV
Angel, the more money you make because
you're just hitting the home runs. So
that is the world that gave Leo a lot of
money. But then he decided I'm very
smart. I can invest in public stocks.
But that is a very different world. It
is a much bigger market. It is much more
dynamic market. It's a market full of
little sharks. And we will get to a one
of these sharks in a second. And he
started gambling a little bit. He
started using a lot of leverage in his
fund. And you guessed it, it blew up on
Wednesday, last week, because he made a
bunch of wrong bets. He bet on software
and he bet against the chips or he bet
for like he caught the market. exactly
at the wrong inflection point and he
used 4x leverage which fundamentally led
to a margin call on his public equities
and he couldn't fulfill the margin call
and that is how he got actually killed
and here is his savior
Ken Griffin of Citadel not a beginner
not a wonderkint but a very very savvy
hedge fund investor the head of Citadel
one of the great investment ment firms,
one of the most savvy investment firms
and very likely he was a shark circling
this whole poor Ashen Brena situation
and prepared the takeover probably
helped a little bit liquidating the fund
in the first place with his comments
about the Fed which were totally wrong
and totally not dumb. They were probably
very on purpose by Ken because Ken is a
smart cookie. And he said, "Oh, the Fed
is going to hike rates," which of course
the Fed didn't do on Wednesday. But
everyone now got nervous. And all of
that led to the debacle where Ken had to
jump in and actually purchased the
assets of Leopold's fund, which is
ironically or unironically called
situational awareness.
The lack of which led to its implosion
and Leopold Asharan central aware
awareness fund peaked near 45 billion
dollars. Can you imagine this in early
July on leveraged semiconductor and AI
infrastructure positions but then he
shorted a bunch of stuff. He went double
long. He was on margin margin calls then
for significant sales at discounts
reducing assets under management to
approximately 10 billion which sounds
still a lot but it's not a lot if you
start with 45 billion and it's probably
a little less than 10 billion where it
was liquidated. And in case you didn't
know that if you get margin caught and
you have to sell your positions and you
have significant positions in only
midsized stocks, right? Some of them he
he was in a lot of hyperscalers and
neoclouds and the neoclouds and the
smaller companies probably broke his
back. I covered this here. You saw he
was in Nebus 30%. That's a lot of
exposure. SanDisk 19% lots of exposure.
And you know what happened to Sandisk
with the last few weeks? He was in
Micron. I got a little screwed in
Micron, but I was a little more cautious
than him on Bloom Energy, Corefave, TSM,
and so on. And you can imagine what
happens with this stuff if you are forex
leveraged. And if you have that, then
someone has to bail you out because you
cannot just sell your stocks on the
stock exchange. That would blow up and
implode the prices even further. So you
need a block buy, a block buyer, someone
who steps in and outside the stock
exchange, just takes over all your
stocks in a block transaction.
And that person needs to be able to act
very quickly on a very large amount of
money, probably five billion or whatever
was left uh in his public fund. And that
person was exactly
this man here, Kane Griffin. And that is
the big story of the week. Why is it
such a big story? Because this story
actually resembled something that is uh
much more important than just a little
fund blow up. It was an iconic situation
because it actually changes the way the
market behaved. Okay? It changed the way
the semiconductor and the AI stocks
traded. It even affected Tesla and other
stocks. So the massive implosions that
we saw in the market in July, the worst
month in the history for the last 30
years at least, the worst draw down in
momentum stocks, worse than 2008 crisis,
worse than the dot crisis. It was the
worst month in 30 years in terms of draw
down of momentum stocks.
And that means something. And at the
center of this entire thing stood Ashen
Brena's fund. and this whole takeover
and what that actually means for stocks
is a very good question that we will
cover today and uh we will do so in a
new format. By the way uh we will have
coverage of the individual stocks and
everything that happened in the weekly
brief and we will go right into it and
see how this affected the market and our
favorite stocks. We also had earnings of
Amazon, Meta and Microsoft of course and
that influenced everything too because
it happened right at the moment where
Leopold blew up Wednesday night. Leopold
was finished. Then Microsoft and Meta
reported earnings and I will go into
that in the weekly brief and then Amazon
on Thursday and I said right when it all
happened at the Fed talk on Wednesday at
the in the hours in the last hours of
Leopold's fund
uh what that all means and before we
jump into the weekly brief last comment
there is a lot of talk about
Leopold still being up 80% 60%
year to date on his fund. We have to
understand that if you are in anthropic,
if you have a private investment in
anthropic, that thing is up 159% year to
date, maybe even 300%. It depends when
the last round exactly happened. If it
was in December or January, December
2025 or January when it was exactly
closed, but anthropic is up
159% minimum. So if you have five
billion in anthropic and you are up 60%
year to date and your anthropic $5
billion stake is up 159% that tells you
a little bit what happened on the public
equity side very likely if that is
actually what everyone means with the
80% or 60% up it means there are massive
losses he's deeply in the red with the
public fund.
But now let's get into the weekly brief
and look at some more details here. So
first of all, fear and greed index. We
always look at this starting today every
single week in the weekly brief. Fear
and greed index is now actually up I
mean you know up towards greed five
points this week very very interestingly
because on Wednesday I can guarantee you
it was below below the 39 we had last
week. So the fear and greed index is
done by CNN. It's a reflection of all
kinds of dimensions that reflect you on
the confidence and the fear and the
greed of the market including options
pricing and all kinds of stuff. So we
actually up because the last two days
right after he blew up were very
positive. My macro risk situation
is still high mostly because of Japan.
We just heard today that Iran is
actually tacked as I constantly press
everyone and get a lot of flag on it
saying Iran cannot be escalated. Trump
is with the back to the wall. He has no
chance of doing that. Iran has the upper
hand. Whatever you think of it, if
that's good or bad or neutral, you know,
I'm a little less passionate about these
things. I try to look at it from a
factual perspective. Iran has control of
the region at this point. The US is
running out of ammunition. More
importantly, out of time because oil
prices will go absolutely berserk if
this is not resolved very soon. We don't
have much more time left. If this goes
into September, it's going to be a
disaster because of strategic reserves
and all kinds of other things. So, which
reduces the risk by the way because the
US has no choice. This thing cannot
escalate. I reduced my confidence from
90% to 70%.
That it cannot escalate because I'm not
sure that Trump is in total control of
what he's doing. That's why I decrease
it. But I maintain high confidence that
this thing cannot escalate. But on the
macro level risk, we have some warning
signals about how stocks traded. It was
extremely wild the last month. And we
have the Japanese yen problem that blew
up again on Friday when Bessant actually
intervened
and started stabilizing yen dollar
ratios, which is a little scary because
that normally doesn't happen. So, Japan
is in trouble.
The good news is this is very
anticipated by everyone who knows
anything. So it's not a real surprise,
but it's such a big systemic trade.
Japanese money going into US stocks and
now flowing out of US stocks because
they're going back into Japanese bonds
because now the interest rates are
shooting up like crazy. So that's a
little scary.
It's very hard to predict how much of an
effect that has. We also see, of course,
US bonds going through the roof. 5.3
plus% now for the 30-year bond. All
because well, we don't know everything
it causes it, but Iran is a little
reason for that. So, the macro situation
is not great right now, but probably can
be resolved. So, definitely headwinds.
AI sector, we will go into that when we
talk about Asia and AWS and Microsoft
earnings. Let's start with our favorite
stock just very quickly. I posted
something
on YouTube and also next that I'm
getting more constructive here on Tesla
because Tesla got absolutely creamed.
You know that I got out before I heavily
reduced before earnings. I did not like
the whole setup. I did a very good move
there. Not so good moves on Micron by
the way right after. So, I didn't save
that much money, but at least I avoided
the Tesla downfall, you have probably
seen where this stock is going.
And when we look at the chart over the
last month, of course, that was a very
bad month, right? We're down 20%, not
good. Here was the earnings or the day
after earnings. Here's I got out here. I
got already a little hurt before, but I
did not want I anticipated bad earnings
reaction. I didn't anticipate that bad,
but this was also very much in line with
the market. Don't over interpret it on
Tesla. I do think there is a cleansing
event that just happened with Leo Paul's
fund blowing up. I think that was a very
important part of this. Even though most
people would disagree with me, but they
are wrong. Tesla definitely got a little
bit into lock step with the market. Look
at Google same day when Tesla crashed
and look at the other stocks. So that is
a very interesting thing and I see the
behavior of the stock over the last week
for me is a little bit constructive.
Traded down to 298
midweek when everyone was destroyed
right after the Fed uh before recovering
to close Friday at 311 which is pretty
good. It's up actually 1.4% 4% for the
week
and I believe or what I observe is the
stock continues to show relative
resilience near 300. So that is being
established more important than the 300
uh level is in my opinion the whole
macro market situation. Okay. So if the
market now recovers or stabilizes here,
which I do think should happen, unless
Japan completely blows up. If Iran
stabilizes, keeps stabilizing, we might
see a rally on Monday, who knows? Oil is
still going down. I think Tesla has a
good chance going back to 360. I am not
super confident yet that this happens
right now in the next couple of weeks,
but I think we're getting into a
situation where this would be a more
constructive short-term view on Tesla.
Next, Nvidia
early in the week very bad. So with this
whole disaster that actually happened
right with the semiconductors and
everything Nvidia got also hit like all
the others still down but recovered very
nicely once the Ashen Brena situation
was resolved on Wednesday. So I think
Nvidia is heavily undervalued here. When
you look at the fundamentals, it's the
best semiconductor stock, the most
robust, lowest risk in my opinion. Went
to a low of 190. I went into some some
short puts at 197.5.
That paid off nicely.
And I do think Nvidia will also recover
with the market. Even if the market is a
little sluggish, as long as it doesn't
go down, I think Nvidia has a good
chance going back to 210.
So, Micron, unbelievable. Unbelievable
action we saw with Micron.
That was pretty horrible if you were in
Micron. Got absolutely ridiculously
destroyed. Hit levels that I did not
expect to be totally honest. 711. Let
that sink in. 711. and then shot up
ridiculously
over 900 on Wednesday and then Thursday.
I mean absolutely unbelievable. But you
saw others like Nebas going up 30%. In
one day just because of Leopold Ashen
Brena. They got destroyed on Wednesday
and then on Thursday shot up like crazy.
I think this chart is actually wrong.
Let's prefer this. I prefer this one. We
are still working on details on the
system. should be debugged over next
week. Uh let's go instead to Google
Finance and look at this a little more
accurate. Here you see the actual chart.
So absolute insane recovery here from it
was down 711 or like the official market
close was 737. Let that sink in. Still
down 2% by the way for the week. And
then you saw this insane thing which is
a clear indication. This was absolutely
Leopold Ashenbrer's fund that got
absolutely shorted to into oblivion
because there were some real sharks on
him to destroy him and they succeeded.
They destroyed him uh shorting the hell
out of this. It was all completely
concerted. When you look at this
movement and at the millisecond Ken
Griffin took over, boom, Kane Griffin
made his 20%. In a few hours, not bad on
five billion or 10 billion, whatever it
was.
And then it peaked here last short
covering and then dropped down again
pretty violently but I mean not compared
to where it was. So Micron remains an
extremely dangerous stock with extreme
strategic and maybe even short-term
upside. I'm very constructive on that
ticker because of the fundamentals.
there was just more news about how
people actually view
uh well what JP Morgan just said about
the earnings outlook and it's just what
I say all the time you don't need to be
a genius to figure that out but
let me show you this what actually
happened here big memory TAM and big
memory margins this is Bloomberg Finance
LP JP Morgan estimates
I mean look at this okay
they will have 75% margins I mean this
is the entire sector but this sector is
not very large skain Samsung and micron
and micron is number two so they will
have 75% margin everyone agrees on that
they will have 900 billion
TAM right
memory operating margins but look at
this next year it's going to be even
higher they're going to go 77% because
the demand is just insane and we already
know that while the market is even
further expanding pretty dramatically.
Now comes the most important thing
because Wall Street right now assumes
there is a massive drop off. That's the
only explanation why Micron trades at a
ridiculous eight forward earnings
multiple.
uh but that assumes that we see a
massive drop off of margins and TAM
starting in 2028.
But that's absolutely not the case. We
see that the market keeps exploding
upwards while the margins are actually
stable. And I can guarantee you one more
thing. When you look at 2029, maybe we
get to 2029, 2020,
you will not see an implosion. Will
margins go down a little bit? Of course,
maybe they go down 10%. Will the market
expand 20%? Of course it will. If
margins go down 10% and market goes up,
let's say they go down 20%, and market
goes up, expands 20%, that's net net
zero. That's the same earnings. No one
right now of any of these people who are
pricing Micron right now
would ever expect that Micron keeps
making the same amount of money of 2028
earnings or even 2027 earnings in 2029
2030 if Micron even keeps
if they even keep their earnings for
next year stable the absolute earnings
for next year into 2028 29 and 2030 30
it's already absolute game over. It's
already trading below the earnings. It
would get into the company
by 2030. It would basically be trading
you know on a level of 5p right now
which is crazy. So this entire thesis
that Micron can't keep earning money is
just nuts given this whole thing. And
the question is it cyclical or not
cyclical? Dan Nile smart guy he had
commentary on this and said it's
cyclical. People are beginners who don't
understand this is cyclical. Dude what
do you mean by cyclical? What does it
mean? What does it mean? If you mean
cyclical is that this growth will end in
2028. I wouldn't even push back too
hard. I don't think it ends. I think it
continues on a slower level. But
cyclicality would mean this would
implode back to zero or whatever to 2025
levels. It's not going to do that. And
even if it's just stabilized, if growth
goes to zero in 2028,
Micron is still undervalued by a lot.
So, you know, you have to be very
specific on these things. And uh seven
forward price earnings is just a little
too crazy in this whole buildout. So I
remain very very positive on Micron but
you have to be cautious and we never
know how deep this thing can fall in the
meantime. SpaceX favorite stock earnings
on August 4th which is on Tuesday. This
will be a real thriller that what is
happening and of course uh not of course
I will actually have a video coming out
tomorrow where I will outline the exact
scenarios of what we think here with
doing a lot of detailed analysis that I
will present to you what happens on
Colossus. What happens on Colossus on
the buildout of terrestrial compute for
SpaceX this year and next year? what the
exact scenarios are and the scientific
evidence, the factual evidence why I
believe this is going to happen and I
will debunk this crazy 4 gawatt this way
this year projections and all these very
exuberant predictions on how much
compute they will launch. But I will
also outline what the realistic
expectation is for SpaceX and what the
earnings impact on the stock will be
which will be extremely significant
still. and then we will try to make
sense of it for the stock and I will do
this before they report earnings because
I'm not afraid and we are doing our job
here. I have a great analyst on this and
I will present the findings to you
before the earnings call and then we
will see what SpaceX says if they
provide any guidance for Colossus which
is by far the most important thing for
SpaceX right now. By far. I know there
are lots of fanboys and fan girls out
there and I'm not criticizing anyone.
Rockets are very exciting. AI satellites
exciting. It's just too far in the
future
because
Starlink doesn't matter. It's too
obvious what it does. It's all priced
in. We know what Starink does. It grows
great. It's all fine, but the numbers
are very clear. Starship doesn't matter
because Starship will not be
commercially fully ready in 2027. So,
yeah, it will do something in 2028,
maybe end of 2027. It will fly to orbit.
It will bring down the cost but it will
not drive earnings. Very simple. Not in
2027. And you know Wall Street is a
little shortsighted. So it will won't
move the needle. AI satellites
definitely will not move the needle next
year but they will be very important and
have very important breakthroughs. But
will what will move the earnings needle
in very dramatic ways is Colossus. So
that is the one thing to watch and I
think we have the best analysis. I will
present this tomorrow and we will see if
you were right because you know I'm not
doing this for clicks. I'm not doing it
for YouTube
and the only reason I'm doing it is I
want to be right because we have
investments going on here and we need to
be right and I use you guys and the
whole feedback system more for holding
us accountable when we make predictions.
It just helps me to be more clearsighted
with the predictions. I made some very
good predictions. I predicted Trump is
going to win with 312 electoral votes.
Go back and I made a big fat video and
guess what happened. So I like these
little predictions. Iran was more
tricky, but I always said they can't
escalate. So that so far I was right.
Microsoft, let's go into earnings.
Microsoft reported Wednesday afternoon
after Leopold got murdered on Wall
Street. Murder on Wall Street. And
Microsoft absolutely killed it.
Unbelievable what happened to Microsoft
went up from 390 to 450. Crazy week 15%
up. Asia and other cloud services grew
43% and Asia annual revenue surpassed
100 billion for the first time.
Microsoft cloud revenue reached 39
billion 27% growth. Commercial remaining
performance obligation stood at 678
billion that is called
backlog.
Unbelievable
for everyone who says AI is a bubble.
This is not a bubble if you have $678
billion backlog more than Google. But
Asia is also bigger. So
that is absolutely crazy and it confirms
that AI is more than alive. It's the
biggest boom ever. It is not a bubble.
It is driven by extreme commercial
interest. AWS basically reported the
same thing. I mean the numbers are
different but the same gist of it. You
know, Chris Camilillo made another trade
of his life. I think it was a little
risky when I listened to him what he
exactly did. Dude, you can do all the
research in the world, Chris. And he's
brilliant at doing his research. He did
a great job calling Amazon. But
predicting reaction to earnings,
especially with capex expanding like
this, what they reported is a little
tricky
because it's not about are you right? Is
your research right? No. Now you have to
predict how markets react to an earnings
call. So I I think there was a little
bit of high risk involved here on his
call options trade. But the bottom line
is AWS revenue at 42.2 billion grew 37%
year-over-year at its fastest in 18
quarters. That is four and a half years.
Let that sink in. So last time in COVID
when everyone had to go online, AWS
annualized run rate reached $169
billion. Let that sink in. Total Amazon
revenue was 200 billion. 20% plus. But
think about it. 169 billion out of 200
billion is AWS. AWS is like such an
insane business. The stock search more
than 10% extended trading following the
release.
Microsoft by the way did not increase
capex expectations too much. They did
very good capex planning so there was no
shock. Amazon increased it by 10% and
the market didn't care
which was very interesting because when
Meta did the same thing they totally got
punished but Meta has not locked in any
kind of business model that is directly
a function of the capex like AWS did.
And so they got absolutely murdered.
This poor little stock 8% down. Even
though I am strategically bullish on
Meta and the AI strategy because I like
the Wang dude. I think he's a very smart
cookie. And you have to bet on smart
cookies. Jason Wang is very smart. The
head of AI, Meta AI. one of the greatest
flips from having the worst dude, Yan
Leun, who just didn't understand
anything about AI as a business and as
an R&amp;D operation to one of the smartest
guys, the founder of scale,
uh Jason Wang.
Stock fell approximately 8%. Uh EPS came
in at 6.18 per share.
Uh
so but against the 2.4 billion legal
charge and severance cost. So h does
that even matter? I think it was
completely overdone. That was mostly
because of capex.
They increased guidance a little bit. Uh
so I think the market is still extremely
unforgiving.
The market still wants to see massive
massive earnings against the capex. If
you deliver it like Amazon, they're
happy. If you deliver it like Microsoft,
they're happy. If you deliver it as much
as Amazon does, the market even accepts
and supports capex growth. But Meta
didn't do that and got punished, I
think, unjustified. But, uh, you know, I
remain constructive on Meta. When it
comes to Microsoft and Amazon, I think
they're great run companies. But would I
buy the stock here? I don't know. I
think Tesla is a better buy. I think
Micron is a better buy. I think Amazon
and Microsoft now went up like crazy.
They're on a great trajectory. They have
low pees, so they're definitely good
stocks. I just think there are some
better stocks out there.
What is the weekly bottom line here for
the capital weekly brief? The week was a
warning signal. The AI trade is a well
is alive and well, but it has entered in
July an extremely volatile phase that
puts highly leveraged AI bets or even
leveraged AI bets like Leopods at risk
of implosion. While blue chips like
Tesla, Nvidia hold key levels, which is
good. And Tesla and Nvidia are more
interesting to look at than these killer
stocks like Microsoft and Amazon. Of
course, they go up if they produce super
killer quarters, but Tesla can always
drop more when the market doesn't want
it. And Nvidia at the, you know, eye of
the storm, the I bet is also more under
pressure if people hate AI. The fact
that both hold key levels
and Ashen Brena has taken out finally
could signal a little bit of a bottom.
But what we also learned this week is
short term you have to be cautious. This
market is under a lot of attention by
sharks, right? They can drop anything to
any point if they want with the Koreans
leveraged like crazy. Even though the
leverage has wound down now, we need to
maintain caution here, especially with
margin. And so I'm very constructive.
I'm very optimistic and bullish on the
AI trade. I think now is a good buying
opportunity. You just have to be aware.
We have Japan. We have some We have US
30-year bond risk. We have a lot of
uncomfortable risks in the market. And
so that makes everyone a little nervous.
At the same time, fear and greed is
still at fear, which is a bullish
signal. Uh so I would say good time to
buy, good time to be bullish. However,
there was a warning signal. This market
can drop any moment a lot and you need
to make sure you survive these drops
because if you do, you're going to make
a lot of money.
So that's the bottom line. I hope you
enjoyed that and we will have a weekly
briefing every week. Now,
by the way, we have a capital weekly
briefing. Then we have an AI frontier
weekly briefing where we cover the AI
frontier everything that's going on
there from Grock to Kimmy to deepsee and
of course anthropic open AI and this
whole thing to understand where AI
stands. So this is not so much capital
markets. This is more what is going on
with the technology with this
transformative AI revolution. And then
we have a third brief that I call
pioneers pioneer lands and politics or
politics and pioneer lands. This week we
will report on the Spanish invasion, the
Moroccan invasion of Spain, the absolute
panic in the EU leadership, and a bunch
of very interesting things that are
happening in politics, the Shenhen
agreements are being dissolved all
across the EU now because of the Spain
thing and we see a rapid rise of the
alternative parties all over the place
in Europe, France, UK and especially
Germany. So these three briefs now come
to you every week. Capital brief in
pioneer lands, what we just did, the AI
frontier to understand where is AI and
of course number three politics. So I
hope you will enjoy that.
So let's go to the comments here.
Uh where are my comments?
Uh
uh.
Okay, let's do this.
I have this new problem here that I
always first have to open YouTube before
I see the comments. I have to complain
to Riverside about this.
But it will all be fine. here the
comments.
Let's go back here
now. I see you guys.
Time to kick out Spain and dissolve
Shenan. We don't need it. Andreas
Peterson.
Yes, dissolve Shenhen. This is This is
going to be fun. I hope to see you guys
also on the political weekly briefing.
By the way, the weekly briefing is
normally only for members. We just did
this today as experimentals kickoff
point because we are revamping Pioneer.
So, if you're not citizens, you just got
free amazing content. Uh we will
normally cut out the first piece. You
will you will see it all. It needs some
implementation time over the next week,
maybe two weeks, but we'll make sure all
of you even the non-citizens will be
informed sufficiently. Of course,
citizens are more informed. Space is
going to 90 or maybe even to 80 maybe.
Uh, let's start at the beginning. Sorry,
I'm I'm jumping
I'm jumping too much to the ending here.
Let's go all the way up.
You, my man, Tag Zaga.
This sounds so Japanese. I love the
Japanese, but I think you're not
Japanese.
Uh, bullish as fug. I I don't know how
to say that without being offensive. O,
hello. Yo, hello. Good morning from
Mesa, Arizona. 116 degrees. Oo, ouch. I
wish Elon been this hot in the last.
It's very funny. Skyline from Mesa in
Arizona is making funny jokes. That is a
funny joke. What are your thoughts on
sixth August for SpaceX?
Well, I will have out my take on SpaceX
and the whole terrestrial compute build
out tomorrow before the earnings call on
August 4th and then August 6 will be
very important. That is the unlock
moment where a lot of stocks come
online. We have to watch this because
this will be our first everyone is
speculating too much including me. What
happens when we have unlock of the
shares? Now we will see what happens and
that gives us a very important data
point how bad these unlocks are or how
not bad. So, not just on that one day,
but I think over the next week from 6 to
13th August, we will watch the stock and
see what happens.
Bullishes folk says, "I blew up a
sixfigure trading account early in my
trading journey." Leopold makes me feel
better. Yeah, well, yours is six
figures. His is can't even do the math.
Nine 10 figures.
It's pretty bad.
It's totally normal. I blew up a a a
sevenf figureure account early in my
career. That was pretty bad. And I
earned it all myself.
That was very tough. Uh but you live and
learn and that's why you don't give $20
billion to people who are in the live
and learn phase.
Uh Skyline, I think he says [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kid
blew up AI for now at least. I actually
think it's over. I think the Leopold
effect is over. You could see it in the
market. Doesn't matter. It doesn't mean
the market is safe. But I think that was
a pretty bad episode and it was his
fault.
But what he did was amazing, says
Skyline. He must have thought he was God
up until the devil took all his money. I
can guarantee you he thought he's at at
least God,
but now not anymore.
Kid worked at FTX. I know. Like look at
like ah
look into his background. He worked at
FTX. Are you kidding me? Then he worked
in Open Eye. But more importantly,
there's now a video circling around on X
when he was 15 or 14. He was a Green
Party member in Germany. That's the
biggest red flag you can imagine. That's
not good. Only three things will smart
man from his money. Liquor ladies
leverage. Yes. I don't know who said
that, but yeah, exactly. And liquor and
ladies, liquor and ladies,
they can take some of your money. I
think ladies are probably well depends.
Liquor, it depends. I'm not I'm I don't
make any judgment if ladies are worse or
liquor. Maybe you get more for your
money with the ladies than for for the
liquor. Uh not that I promote any of
these things, but leverage is the worst.
I have much more experience with
leverage than with the other two when it
comes to taking my money. And I tell you
leverage that is a very bad one.
Uh
ladies in liquid always equal leverage.
I bet someone purposely went after this
guy 1 million% T-Bone Harley and we know
that. Look at the stock movements 100%
he got cornered by shortselling cuz once
you know that you know he has to sell
and you know it drops the stock. So it
was a safe bet. This was a that was
definitely a coordinated operation. I
can guarantee you that. And Ken was part
of it, but it was also his friends.
Uh
but I mean, you know, don't be mad at
these guys. You can't just have a hedge
fund with leverage and be be like a
little dummy and walk into that. I mean,
that's the business of of everyone.
Just look at the Museum of Science and
Industry in Chicago Ara, the Ken Griffin
MSI. I mean, this guy,
you know that Ken Griffin just bought a
dinosaur and the dinosaur is called
Apex.
Like, let that sink in.
Uh, 100%.
Uh, how do you get in and out of stock
but not get killed by taxes? Well,
that's a complicated question. Use your
self-directed Roth IRA, for example.
Andreas Peterson, I managed to get here
finally and congratulations.
Taxes aren't that big for a thing unless
you have some kind of massive
portfolios. Most people overset taxes.
For the average person, gains are just
taxed at your normal income rate. Well,
if you hold it a little longer, it's
it's less than that. Did you know that
you get up to $60,000
in capital gains in long-term capital
gains? Was it long-term?
Let me think.
Yeah, because short-term is income tax.
I I don't even have to look this up. But
most people don't know that. Most people
don't know that.
Uh
I will surprise you guys with tax
knowledge now. That can be very good.
Uh
long-term capital gains.
Did you know that that long-term capital
gains qualify for a 0% tax bracket? You
are not paying a dime on long-term
capital gains
under
49,450
bucks a year. Did you know that if you
don't make any money? So, if you don't
have a job and you only make long-term
capital gains, your first 49 your first
$50,000 I think actually more now are
tax-free. Taxree. Which means if you
make, let's say, 80,000 in long-term
capital gains, only 30,000 of that are
taxed at 20%.
Like, let that sink in. Or let's make it
easy math. If you make a $100,000
in long-term capital gains in the
blessed United States,
you're paying 20% on 50,000, which is
10,000 bucks. So, your effective tax
rate is 10%.
You make a h 100,000 and you take 90,000
home if you don't work, have no other
income, and only make long-term capital
gains. Did you know that? Just saying.
There are many tax surprises once you
become an investor and really focus on
investing. Many tax surprises. Another
huge surprise for people who don't know
that, I don't want to promote it. I
don't want any everyone to move to
Sweden, but Sweden is one of the biggest
tax havens in the world. Sweden they
have an account if you have€ 10 million
euros
and you make€ 10 million euros on top of
it you make 100% you make 10 million
even shortterm capital gains you know
how much taxes you pay you pay 100,000
bucks taxes
you make 10 million you pay 100,000 it's
called the ESK investor steering spa
condour so every like a lot of countries
have surprising stuff going on. It's
pretty crazy, but you have to think
about it. And you cannot escape if
you're a normal worker. If you get W2s,
you're screwed.
Just saying. Long-term it has to be good
for idiots and idiot ideas to get shaken
out of the market. True. That is not
just long term. Have you watched Meet
Kevin's last video? He called it the
evil plan worsens. He claims that Elon
has an evil plan. Tesla go to I think me
Kevin is a total click baiter and was
he's always wrong. He's extremely wrong
and I I think he's a little
irresponsible because he's not a dummy.
Um
hi Joe says big fan. Hi. I'm a big fan
of big fan.
I don't know what Elon's plans are with
SpaceX and Tesla but as a whole of both
it all makes me feel uneasy. I
understand.
I had a good discussion
on the cyber bulls. Let's see what
happens. Thanks for the explanation.
What happens with German Green Party
genius? Leopold ashener other people's
money. Yeah. Oh, Claus Tinsza. That
sounds a little German. I mean, look, go
to go and X if you're German and listen
to this clip is like so disturbing when
he's like this little brat talking for
the Green Party. I hate these people. I
can't even like this is the most
irresponsible unaccountable
complete flip-flopping people. And of
course, Silicon Valley is like, "Oh,
this guy must be great. He's a complete
spineless Green Party member."
Jeff Jones Jr. Hey Joe, thoughts on that
weekly Tesla candle. I think there is a
certain bottom coming in here if the
market doesn't crash. I think Tesla is
actually now in a good position to do
reasonably well. Uh Tesla's either going
to 400 or down to 200, maybe even sits
at three and goes sideways. Um well, I
would say you have to be more specific.
I would say if the market goes sideways
or recovers,
my best bet is Tesla goes back to 360
relatively quickly, but then has
problems because it's actually what
happened is not too bullish, but we can
go back to 360 in my opinion. Tesla need
to uh people need to look at it in
comparison with the rest of the market.
Everyone went down. Mass companies are
more sensitive. Other big tech got hit
hard as well. Exactly. Even Google.
I think until we get clarity what's
going on the merger behind the scenes,
it's going to be a rough patch.
Well, SpaceX, we will know much much
much more at the end of next week of
this week. earnings and August 6 unlock
will tell us a lot. I I think I will be
much more able to make predictions on
SpaceX
Friday this week. So, tune in then.
Uh Andreas Peterson, I'm just worried
Americans will elect the wrong president
in the next election and we'll get
Democrats. Well, you have the midterms
coming up. Actually, the interesting
thing is Trump completely destroyed
because of Iran. Uh Republicans look
very destroyed in the polls. But you
know who also looks very destroyed?
Democrats.
I think this will be very interesting.
The Democrats are so in shambles because
of their disastrous performance since
Biden that even with a disastrous Trump
performance now, people just don't know
what to do anymore. So, yeah,
Republicans are super weak, but
Democrats are also super weak. So it's
actually uh it's a little early to
really focus on the midterms but soon we
will cover the midterms in much more
detail because it is important and I
like US elections there are actually
there's lots of data points to be good
at predicting them at least the
presidential elections and so let's see
space going to 90 could absolutely be I
think we will see some serious movements
this week and it will tell us a lot in
what direction
the trend goes because
let's see what they say about
terrestrial buildout. I think they will
surprise.
So here's the thing. I said it before on
SpaceX we will have surprise earnings
coming up. They will make so much more
money than people realize.
Uh but they also have the share unlocks.
So the question is how does that play
out?
Uh
I don't know bullish
uh there will be a lots of sales of
SpaceX shares because these lockups are
for employees and every wealth adviser
in the world is going to tell them sell.
It doesn't matter how bullish you are.
Sell some of you have to diversify. You
have to put yourself into the shoes of
the people who have these shares. A lot
of my employees they have to sell.
It would be complete madness not to sell
because they have like 99% of their net
worth just in SpaceX and now they can
sell. They will sell guaranteed 10 to
20% because they have to even if they're
super bullish.
Um
35 will never happen.
True. I think so. Nice weekly graphs you
thank you. Well the we need to fix these
uh we are working on some updates on the
stock charts. It will be much better.
Bullish says, "I dislike Meta. What a
crap company. Getting rich selling AI
slop to grandmother." Well, there's a
difference between ethical issues with
Facebook and the business case. Meta
trades at a shockingly low.
Uh, by the way, oh, I have a story. I'm
I'm not going to tell you the story.
It's going to be in the weekly. It's
going to be an extra video covering some
leftwing politicians in Europe. You will
not believe what these people do. It's
unbelievable talking about grandmas and
screwing them over. Unbelievable. It
will be shocking for Americans to hear
that the Europeans might be even worse
the politicians than American uh hotels
of space is already a good buy if you're
just holding it for five years. I think
yeah, five years is a pretty safe bet. I
think even three years it's pretty
guaranteed that this thing is much
higher.
Not an endorsement here. No
recommendations.
The only Kimmy I acknowledge is Kimmy
Antonelli. Who's Kimmy Antonelli? Have
to Google this.
By the way, Kimmy Antonelli. Oh, the
racing driver. Very good. Time to kick
out Spain and dissolve Shenhen. Yeah, we
had this already. What a disaster. Space
going to 90.
Chris says, "Hi, Chris. All I see on X
is Korea and more cyber caps in the
wild. Isn't Tesla on its way to massive
gains in six months or less?
I got a little more cautious. I think
it's more nine months or less now. I
basically allowed myself a little bit of
a buffer. But if you ask me,
I mean right now everyone's very scared
to be honest, not on Tesla but on macro.
But I think our fear is a little
irrational right now. Am I scared that
we see a major market sell off? Yes. Am
I irrational about it like everyone
else? Probably yes. Because there's not
much unknown.
Even Japan, which is the scariest thing
systemically, is just too well known.
The US Treasury is very scary, the
bonds. But why? Why exactly are they so
high? But bond markets are also very
smart. So there is some scariness in
here. But
let's assume
with the midterms coming up,
the US really being forced into a corner
with Iran and they will just make peace
at this point. It's just now it's
getting really out of hand and I think
the bonds are indicating that.
So I'm still optimistic about this and
let's assume we don't have a market
crash. Okay, if these are the
assumptions, what are the odds that
Tesla is at alltime highs or higher end
of the year? I would say extremely high.
Extremely high that Tesla's at alltime
highs or higher end of the year.
If the market doesn't implode,
I have two questions.
How do you get in out of stocks and not
get killed in taxes? And second, isn't
the roadster supposed to be revealed
this month next? I don't know what
happened to the roadster, my flying car.
I made a big like I don't know. I failed
on this. Taxes are very difficult. Of
course, I'm not allowed to give anyone
tax advice. I'm in special situation. I
have some I have still a Roth IIA. I
also have a corporate account and now we
have an institutional account in
Luxembourg for the pioneer bonds and
transition. That's why July for me was
not really a trading month. It was just
tiny little amounts in my private
account because we're transitioning the
capital into the institutional
vehicle the pioneer bonds hopefully very
very very soon starting hopefully this
week latest next week. So this was also
a little bit of a administrative
nightmare to get an institutional
bond vehicle up but it will pay off for
all of you and me and everyone for
pioneer lands and so that will be
effectively taxfree I mean not for the
investors but for the corporation
um
here you always keep saying that Trump
is going to end the war for many months
but you don't realize is that the
Iranians in power or at least some of
them in power don't want to end the war
Well, they want to end the war, but on
their terms. Of course, they want to end
the war, but they want to give they
don't want to give anything up. And I
think they will get most of what they
want, and then the war's over.
And I mean, there are huge consequence
for this.
What is the fee to join? Do I need to be
an accredit investor for the Pioneer
Bonds? Yeah, you need to be accredited,
unfortunately. But it's not hard to be
accredited, by the way. You can go to
pinealpha.org for more information.
Um, you may need to make over 200,000 a
year or something and over a million in
assets, including not including your
primary residence.
Leopold has time on his side. The other
guy doesn't.
Sure.
I mean, I'm sure. Well, that's
complicated considerations. Yes. uh
scale on robotex is nowhere near big
enough to cover infrastructure need to
support a charging blah blah blah well
this can be solved very quickly once
they can scale it's all about are they
able to scale
Joe love the alpha sprockets
alpha sprockets what are alpha sprockets
what are sprockets
sprockets.
Where are alpha sprockets?
Uh, smart people don't drink actually.
It's a life hack. I mean, I was drinking
because I'm German. I had to drink when
I was younger, especially in high
school, and then later. But yeah, I
don't drink alcohol at all. I drink like
a glass of wine every two weeks or
something, and I don't even feel good
after.
Sheep got skewed. Wolf ate dumb retail.
Oh yeah, there's there are some
interesting charts. I will do an extra
video on how retail actually got out of
all these stocks in July and how uh uh
institutions took over. So that's sad
news.
If you have 1 million capital gains,
that exemption doesn't do much good. I
mean, yeah, taxes is a whole complicated
story. I can only say like, you know,
focus your aggressive moves actually
into your Roth accounts and have
self-directed Roth IAS so you can
actually trade options and whatever you
want in stocks. And
actually leverage is not allowed. You
can use it if you have a checkbook
account, but it's technically not
allowed. And then they might take away
your Roth. So you have to be cautious
and understand the rules. But
having to live in Sweden is a mighty
high price to pay. Why? What do you have
against Sweden? Sweden is very beautiful
but has political issues.
Uh
here Khali Mati Joe I've been working in
Germany made over 150k dollars in stock
market and can't and I can't want to
move back to Czech Republic. There are
0% tax if you hold three plus years. Why
don't you if you make 150,000 in stock I
think you're much better than the Czech
Republic.
You should figure that out. Be free in
your mind. I don't I don't know your
situation, but especially in Europe,
there's a lot of luxury in picking your
countries wisely.
Uh, Meet Kevin is a troll and you have
to sift through the garbage to find the
good info, but I've learned a lot from
that guy over the years. I think Meet
Kevin is smart. He's definitely a smart
guy, but he's also a little ruthless how
he like he talks a lot of scrap. Looking
forward to the SpaceX murder of Tesla.
Going to use leverage on Tesla this
week.
I would be cautious.
Do you think EA is a is kind of just a
will to power manifestation of left
liberism? Me think so. Big baller.
Effective altruism or is is it effective
accelerated? Like there all these stupid
names. Effective altruism is like the
worst thing ever. And of course ah Leo
Paul is also one of these guys for me.
This is a hyper red flag.
This is a whole video we have to do on
this effective altruism
kind of a will to power manifestation or
left liberalism. There is no such thing.
Left liberalism is a myth in my opinion.
I think it's made up. No one is a left
liberal. This is made up.
Uh EA I can't tell you the psychoprofile
of EA. It's like
it is for people who think they're so
awesome, that they're so powerful
because of their superior minds that
they can achieve anything they want, but
they want to do it
virtue signaling in service of others.
But what's very important is that these
others are little peasants who have no
say in what they're doing because
they're way too dumb.
So effective algorithm is like I need
all the money in the world, but I'm not
doing it for myself because that's what
little peasants do. I do it for all of
you, but I want to make sure you guys
have no say in anything what I do
because you're too dumb. You're
basically a little zoo for me and I'm
investing in the zoo. That is what
effective altruism is, like the
psychology behind it. It's like a blend
of um
delusion, self delusion of grandeur
with
extremely
uh bad attitudes towards other people
because basically they view other people
as little animals they can feed. It's
very bad. I don't like effective
altruism. It's always the same type of
people.
Um,
yeah. O, it's like the Green Party
weekend. Wall Street is green by almost
a percent. I know. Of course, because of
Iran, Democrats going full communism is
going to be their headwinds.
I don't know. Um,
we will see about that.
I think, uh, do they have any smart
leaders? Of course, they're all evil,
but
Mam Dami, is he smart? I don't know. I
actually find him so repulsive. I can't
watch him. But I have to look deeper
into Mami, how smart he is. I think AOC
is getting a little fat, but AOC,
she's a little less dumb that she comes
across, but that still might mean she's
dumb. So
yeah, I don't see any real dangerous
person there. But in principle,
democratic socialism is definitely I
would be bullish on democratic socialism
as a theme for 2028 because it's just
the natural trap. If AI, you know,
accelerates the way I think, everyone
becomes unemployed, people are already
super frustrated. populist socialism
is clearly a winning recipe in times
like that especially in the United
States where you have an education
problem so people don't know anything so
if you have all these people under
whatever under 50
yeah they will be very open to socialism
to democratic socialism to national
socialism to all kinds of socialisms
uh if you're frustrated you don't have a
perspective and someone tells you look
just take the money we are going to
organize it. I would be very cautious. I
don't think any of the Democrats right
now has has like what it takes to make
it happen, but I would be cautious. This
is a risky risky risky situation we're
going into in 2028. I think now it's
still too early.
Uh I expect SpaceX investors selling the
first lockup period ending and buying
Tesla.
No, but ready trader one, you have to
understand Alexander Merz also got this
a little wrong. Like you have to think
about who are these people who have
SpaceX shares. If they are just
employees, they will they are now rich.
They're normally not rich people. What
do you do? You go to a wealth adviser.
All the wealth advisor like sell half of
them and put it into a diversified
portfolio. You have to think about the
actual thing that's happening.
I'm going to be annoyed if SpaceX runs
this week off Elon Grin pump. still
won't make this bet due to SpaceX
valuation, but see it happening. I think
Jay Warren has a very good point. I'm
not making a bet on SpaceX, but if I had
to make a bet, I think it's a pump. Yes,
but August 6 will be tough. Most likely
SpaceX gets pumped to a 130 or whatever
and then drops back
because I think Elon will be more
motivated much more than with Tesla and
Gwyn is probably a master of her craft.
So, and they have potentially huge news
on Colossus which Wall Street likes. So,
yeah, could be a total pump but
at the same time in this market could
also not work.
Uh Jeff Junior, do you think Elon's mood
on the SpaceX earnings call will be
inverse to the Tesla one? Yes, I would
bet on this, which doesn't look good by
the way for Elon, but yes, I would
absolutely bet on Elon being a very good
mood.
Like button,
Keith Fuller, 100%. Thank you, Joe. I
live in Sweden. Melt Melt Ramier.
Milt Ramier. Milt Ramier probably. I
live in Sweden and because of you I'm
buying stocks in ESA now. Wow, that's
smart. He has a smart man. The ESK is a
gift from heaven from the Vikings.
Business thing is crazy. The Norwegians
can do it too. It's called ASK, but the
ESK is a little better for some reason
for many reasons. What do you think
about the current price level for Tesla
call? for a Tesla call.
Which Tesla call? Zebras. What's zebras?
Griffin will be prepared for a first
earnings call. Elon will pump. SpaceX
can run. But who knows what the casino
will do? Yeah. I mean, the odds that
SpaceX runs on earnings
is much higher than not.
But am I going to play it? Do we know
what the casino wants right now? I mean,
it's like a bet. I I don't This is too
speculative for me. But yeah,
do you need a couple of bucks for a new
keyboard? Why is my keyboard bad? Does
it sound bad? My keyboard is fine. Maybe
it sounds bad. So, do you think still
think CyberCap will generate enough
revenue to move the needle for Tesla in
the next 9 months? I don't see the path
that quickly.
If we get to thousands and thousands of
Cyber Caps, yes.
If not, no. That's the big risk. It's
not the revenue. is will they get to
thousands of unsupervised and then to
tens of thousands in the next 9 months.
Tesla all time is crazy. Zero realistic
catalyst by then. They'll be kicking the
cyber cap can down the road for a couple
more years. FC has be barely improved
since Roxy Unreal. I would push back on
this.
Not for years.
Andreas Peterson. Yes, we have political
issues. It's called Andreas. Are you in
Sweden or in the United States?
Uh,
you have serious problems.
What's her name? Uh, Anderson.
Uh, what's her name? Yeah, I just got
some information from a friend on her.
Horrible. What this? Like, it's
horrible. What's happening in Sweden?
Unbelievable. And they're going to win.
It seems like such a nightmare. Claus sa
I listened to this clip from Leopold
Archer a few days ago. Both parents are
medical doctors. He was privileged
German but
German but not in Germany. Claus is not
a Germany. Yeah, he sounds like Leop
Paul. No, I'm not a not a fan. 28%
capital gains in Portugal
is a steal. Is it?
That's horrible. Business aren't
charities, but businesses that
understand what is good, they can
understand true long-term value. That is
true.
Uh
the SpaceX unlock selloff will be damped
because the stock price is so low. Well,
it depends where it is then. Let's see
if it rallies.
Delusions of Grandura. Yes, virtual
signaling on steroids is effective
altruism. Yeah, but it's like the worst
kind of virtual signaling.
I agree. If you have 10 million in
SpaceX stock, you don't have to sell it
and you you would be dumb to sell it at
100. You can take 5 million loan just to
uh just on the assets in your brokerage.
Well, that's what you are saying because
you're smart. But what if they're not
smart? What if they're just first time
ever dealing with that and they have
some random wealth advisor and they're
going to tell them that
these Democrats kill me just fighting
all the time. If you're worried about
Trump's family making money on crypto,
then pass clarity. I can get some
crypto. Well, it's not that they can
think straight. AOC plays dumb because
she's manipulative but not working for
tips.
Maybe
I mean I see is quite something. Seeing
seeing the retail corporate percentage
change so much is really sad. But then
people blame the rich for all their
problems when they saw it at a terrible
time. Well, some of them were forced
maybe. Thoughts about Elon telling
people not to worry about retirement
because universe will be here in 20 to
30 years. He says in 10 years. I think
like you guys know I was a Elon fan from
early on but what he does now with this
stuff is like Elon what are you doing?
Like
Elon is a little loony out there. He's
and he's saying things that hurt people.
Clearly the idea that we don't need
money is extremely stupid.
It's like Elon is playing little teeny
boy who thinks like look my robots are
going to produce all these goods. But
Elon should understand he's a huge he's
the number one authority on earth. Now,
if he says something that is totally
stupid, it's inexcusable because people
will listen to him and then they'll
think, "Oh, I don't need money." It's
like, dude, if there's one if there is
one time in human history where you
really will need money, probably ideally
Bitcoin, not fiat, it is in the next 20
years. If you don't have money, this
will be not good for you. Like, this is
such an absurd idea. I don't I hate it.
There will be an abundance. You don't
need money. Like, bro, you don't need
money to buy TVs. You don't need money
to buy a bicycle. You need money to
survive against the other humans. And
there will be no abundance of power. I I
guarantee you that there will be no
abundance of power. There's never an
abundance of power. It's always a zero-
sum game. So you have to make sure you
know the right people and you have
resources especially in the next 20
years and especially in the next 10
years. So I think that's horrible advice
by Elon
Skyline. Some Iranian hardliners and I
RGC figures believe widespread chaos war
and the defeat of Israel US are needed
to hasten the Marti's return. I don't
know. They behave very rational. These
Iranians I don't buy into that they're
all lunatics. I mean they behave more
rational than the US has behaved in this
war. That's why they're kind of winning
if you're totally honest. So yeah, sure
there of course some people are nuts in
Iran and they are radical religious nut
jobs. But the same is true for the
United States and the same is definitely
true for Israel. There always some crazy
people. I don't think they are the
people in charge because if they would
be they would not behave like this.
Love your videos. Will Tesla see 1000
robo taxes this year? I mean, I strongly
believe the answer is yes.
Trump is big in Japan.
I'm big in Japan. You know the t-shirts.
CyberCap can only really scale big when
service centers are operating.
That is true. Love Elon, but that's
crazy talking. Bit irresponsible. Yes,
very irresponsible.
What are the odds the world is
absolutely shocked by the advancement of
Optimus version 3? Elon says well
I think the odds are high that the world
will be shocked but the odds are also
very high that we won't see that thing
until December. I don't think we will
get some random surprise thing. I think
that will be also pushed out. But yes, I
think Optimus 3 will be very serious. So
some people in power in Iran want the
war to continue and they do have
influence but nobody knows how much.
True.
So Andreas Peterson is in Sweden. Hey
hey hey
Elkas here.
FSD V14 light is very good. Got it a few
weeks back and really like it. Good to
know. Mdalina Anderson. She is typical
Swedish woman. Horrible.
You're so mean to Swedish women. Well
Sweden has a Karen problem. I heard a
serious Karen problem. Swedish women can
be very nice. I know some very nice
Swedish women, but some of them can be
very horrible. They need to be reigned
in these Karens. And she's she seems to
be a horrible lying cheating person.
That's what I actually got some research
on. I will do a video on it. I will do a
big video on Magdalina and the Swedish
uh social democrats.
Pretty horrible.
Zebras
zero extrinsic value back ratio spread.
Sell one at the money call a few months
or so out and buy 270 delta calls for
same expiry. Interesting.
Minimum extrinsic data decay but
function similar to 100 shares.
I will look into this.
I feel like anybody who got 10 million
SpaceX stock was either an employee or
very smart investor. So I'm not sure
there would be bunch of uninformed
holders trying to sell at lockup. Well,
but bullish I told you they need to
sell. If you if that's all you have,
even I would sell some.
Well, hotel snob, of course, there's a
vent horizon.
But
yeah,
you know,
it's like
what's a good example? Some religious
example, you know, it's like betting on
something like it's just the problem is
if he's right, it's fine, but he's
wrong. You're extremely screwed if you
listen to him. That's the problem.
Exactly. Stock me. Stock me silly. We
will always need money. Don't agree with
that part of Elon's thinking 100%.
Uh
yeah, absolutely. Andreas, do you have
my go on X and DM me? I would totally
like to get in touch with someone
Democrat
Rick's news. I have to look into that. I
think I saw this somewhere. I was
looking for Swedish uh social media and
alternative channels, but they're all a
little lame. They have to improve their
game for compared of course to the
United States. Look at Tucker and all
this stuff. Like this is crazy what's
going on there. But also breaking
points. They have so much US. But also
Germany is completely blowing up. There
are so many cool channels. Like really
cool channels. And Sweden, I haven't
seen anything yet that is cool. So I
think UK also has some but Germany is
pretty impressive. In Germany there's
high momentum. I'm getting very bullish
on Germany. I'm like very contrarian
because everyone thinks Germany is
finished and yeah it is Finnish to some
extent but
Jeff Jones Jr. What do you think of
Finland and Finnish woman? Why is that?
Are you Finnish Jeff Jones? I love
Finland. I think Finland is like one of
the best countries and Finnish women are
very nice. That's what I think. Uh, but
Fins can be a little depressed because
it's like cold. But I love Finland.
Judging by the hydro hydraulic press
channel, what is that? Finnish women are
crazy in a good way. No, Finnish women
are amazing.
Are we talking about women now? How did
this happen?
I also don't agree that Swedish women
are bad, but I understand what Andreas
is saying about these social democrats.
This is not good bad news. So, Andreas,
ping me, DM me on X. I'm very interested
in getting in touch with someone.
You know where I'm on X, right? Just DM
me. I have to then accept your thing,
but I will look out for it.
Okie dokie. That's it. We should have
like uh the weekly the weekly brief
should have a fourth section on women.
What about that? That gets us banned
probably.
Very good. So, you know what's going on
now. Go to pioneerlands.org. We have a
lot of cool updates. I I don't push it
too hard yet because we are fixing the
last little pieces, but it's a totally
revamped site with the weekly briefings
and I think we are on a very good track.
Pioneer Academy also making good
progress, but will take another couple
of weeks. So, let's get ready. Tomorrow
will be probably a green day hopefully.
My microns are underwater right now
after the stupid drop on Friday again.
Awesome. Thank you, Tumuket. Andreas,
Richie Cash, I haven't seen you before
uh today.
Oh, you don't have X. You have to get on
X. Andreas, what's what's wrong with
you? This is the problem with the
Swedes. Like, you're not on on
everything is happening on X. Even a lot
of Swedish stuff, by the way. You should
totally be on X. That's better than any
kind of outlet. It's not hard to get on
X. You should do it.
Jeff Jones here. I'm an American but
lived in Helsinki for a couple of years.
My ex is Finnish. So, what do you think
about it, Jeff Jones? No, I like I like
Finnish women. I like I I know a bunch.
I'm never disappointed.
Stop me silly. Exactly. Who cares about
the ladies? Let's right now let's get
into the real business.
Earnings call. Micron. Exactly.
Oh, Texas. I know Texas women, too.
Yeah, I I totally understand that.
Very funny. Okie dokie, guys. Let's wrap
it up here. We will continue.
We addicted to women by evolution.
That's the That's the only addiction we
can't get rid of. That is our biggest
problem.
But not just problem, it's also the
biggest solution. So, I hope that was
interesting. Uh, and see you guys very
soon. Tomorrow, SpaceX video coming up
with very sophisticated predictions and
very dangerous for me because I will be
very specific about terrestrial buildout
of Colossus, which will be proven right
or wrong probably the day after. So, I'm
leading myself out of the window, but we
did very good research, so I will just
get it out there and then we see what
happens. I will blame my team if you're
wrong. Just kidding.
Um,
I read that Magdalina studied Marxism.
They're the worst people. I will have a
video on the Swedish Social Democrats
because it's actually worth it. It's
completely scandalous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and most
Swedes don't even know about that. You
guys probably know, but most Swedes
don't.
Finnish people and women are great. That
is a good wrap up for today's video. I
totally agree. So, thank you so much,
guys. See you very soon. Tomorrow is
SpaceX day, pre-earnings and Colossus
preview.
Thank you.