Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Most American Made Car gets Credit DOWNGRADE?!? Tesla Beat Podcast w/ Hans Nelson as special guest
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-z89a01aUQ
Published:   2026-06-26 14:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-27 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's a crazy week, man.
What's up everyone? As Joe said, Summon
King, it's been an absolutely crazy
week. Um, wild that you know, it's it's
crazy how much um I don't think in the
past week now, ever since Spa SpaceX
went public, uh, Star Everything it
feels like, and sounds like Elon will
pivot from the star names, but just been
a crazy week. How are you guys doing?
&gt;&gt; You know, good, busy. Everything's I've
heard there's some news this week. I
think it's exciting to get into.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to do that. And we
have a special guest this week.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, Hans just couldn't boomerang
back. How's it going, Hans?
&gt;&gt; What's good? Hey, have I ever met you
guys? It seems like your faces look
somewhat familiar. I
&gt;&gt; think so.
&gt;&gt; First time caller.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Long time listener.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
Uh well, welcome back. Thanks again for
for coming on. Uh we're excited to get
your point of view. It's been a minute
and you know we're happy to always see
your face. So thanks again Hans for your
time. Um real quick quick shout out to
the summon king for using the link to
see Insta 360.
&gt;&gt; He looks 10 times better
&gt;&gt; uh on camera than he does in person. But
uh it's because of the Insta
&gt;&gt; link uh Insta 360 link 2C. So we'll post
the link below. Make sure you go check
them out. Um I know Brian as well and I
believe Hans you have one as well too,
right? Um I do
&gt;&gt; actually. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So great travel companion uh
with you shoots in really high quality
and um great um extra AI capabilities as
well. But with that said, let's get into
it. the Tesla Beats. Uh you have for
this photo um Joe dressing up in four
different costumes and uh looking fit as
ever. All right, so with that uh SpaceX
really the whole market has been down. I
think it's just continued uncertainty
with um you know the Fed you know the
what are the these rates that continue
there's rumors of it going up and seeing
it going up along with uh you know
concerns about the war in Iran but again
just um you know I think a lot of
fluctuation here I think shout out to
the people who held out too u I mean it
partially this is market but you know
with every IPO there's a huge you know
surge this SpaceX surged them more than
most I mean up like 60% but either way
it's roughly at 153 now. Tesla is at 377
down from 400 last week on Tesla and 185
on SpaceX. Um so it's it's been soft for
sure. Uh, but with that said, you know,
I feel like we're starting to see the
crumbling like this is stuff I think we
all talked about probably five or six
years ago and now we're seeing VW
starting to,
you know, there's rumors and leaks
obviously. Uh, so take it with a grain
of salt, but you're starting to see it
crumble. Like a VW weighs up to 100,000
job cuts, four plant closures, and the
biggest overhaul yet.
Um, but
&gt;&gt; it's crazy. It's crazy. So, uh, comments
that I regularly get both on X and on
YouTube have to do with, well, there was
this bit of news today that we covered.
Why didn't the stock go up? Why didn't
Tesla go up? And to me, the bigger
question those people should ask
themselves, cuz this aren't all haters.
Some of these are people who are really
mega fans and they see this big news and
think they, well, you know, I want the I
want my stock to go up. The reality is
the market has priced a lot of that in.
If there's big news on semi or cyber
cab, a lot of the people out there,
myself, you guys, we've all priced that
in. We've all made our trades
accordingly. And the bigger question I
would ask is with Volkswagen and having
what is inarguably some really bad news.
They're only down 5% over the last week.
Does that seem rational? So, it's not
that uh the good news isn't there. It's
that the stock market is often greatly
disconnected from it.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I think people who ask that
question should also just step back and
for a second and ask themselves, what is
a market to begin with? Like a market is
not just retail shareholders. And it's
certainly not just bullish retail
shareholders. There's so many different
people who have investments and they
have different thesis and different
reasons that they're in. Um, and so you
have to look at, you know, what is the
totality of all the different opinions
on Tesla because all of those different
opinions are reflected in one single
stock price and by, you know, a whole
different host of people um with
different time horizons, different
interests. And so, yes, like there's a
piece of good news, you know, the stock
market is not just weighing one piece of
news. it's weighing an entire company,
an entire management team, you know,
future cash flows, like all kinds of
different things from a whole host of
different perspectives. And so, the one
thing that makes you excited might piss
somebody else off and maybe they're
selling instead of buying. And so you
just got to kind of think about what a
market actually is if you really want to
be a long-term investor and have a lot
of your money tied up in this thing
where uh you know Warren Buffett has a
great quote where uh owning stocks is
like living in a house where people just
come and shout you know what they're
willing to pay you for your house every
single day. And um you know it's not
just one person. I mean, that's what the
the stock price is, is just one number
every day. But like, there's a crowd of
millions, if not billions of people
behind whatever that number is just that
day.
&gt;&gt; Well, and it's not just the it's not
just the market, it's the global
situation. I've seen days where it's a
bloodbath in the market. Every stock is
down and people will show up and say,
"Well, if this news on on Terraab is so
great, why is Tesla down?" the whole I
my friend I don't know zoom out look at
the whole world
&gt;&gt; yeah I think a lot of people lose
context and and that's that's a good uh
touch of reality on that Hans just uh
bringing it back to to the real you know
I mean people really got to understand
that there's a lot of voices a lot of
opinions and a lot of reasons why these
things are the way they are but uh VW
along with GM and and some of these
other companies like Ford and stuff over
the past year have just been making some
crazy moves that had they just done what
we suggested years ago, they probably
would have been fine. Nobody wants to
license Tesla tech, even though Tesla's
crushing it right now, but here we are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think it's it like uh
I'm going to comment on what you said,
Joe, um in a second, but like it's it's
one of those things where we imagine if
you were listening to that one piece of
news that was going to help Tesla all
these years to send it to the moon. It's
just one of those things where, you
know, as we are obviously not financial
adviserss, you got to do the research.
Just look at the market. I mean, just
stuff like this that we've been talking
about for years now, and you're starting
to see this crumble. And that's where
it's like one of those things where, you
know, for me, it was I had my Tesla
moment when I drove um a Model 3 for the
first time. Um definitely I was late to
the game in 2018, but it was just one of
those things where nothing is like it.
I've now gotten to a point now where in
my net network of people where it's like
literally like my my own pastor, my own
like my best friend like these and
outside of that all my co-workers have
had Teslas or own Teslas now and it's
all because of the tech full
self-driving
and so you're just it's just one of
those things where even now what is this
company doing? Where are they going? And
you know, is anybody else even like that
or is there many competitors? And even
if there are competitors, how are they
doing it potentially different than the
others? And like I said, when I think of
just and I'm not even talking about the
stuff that they're doing on the energy
side and some of even Optimus at this
point, but when you think of full
self-driving and they're also they have
a vehicle now that they can massroduce
and that they are producing and they're
already active in several cities with
unsupervised. this is going to become a
company that will be completely
unmatched and there will be competitors
but not at scale and uh either way for
me there's that um and then
&gt;&gt; I actually like to take a step back even
from the product sometimes like I think
it's easy for Tesla shareholders to feel
somewhat frustrated because the stock
has basically plateaued it's bounced
around between that 480 and 250 number
now since 2021 basically and so it's
like ah you know what's going on what's
going on and and we do but like we focus
on the products and how exciting they
are you know cyber cab is an incredible
product the semi is an incredible
product we have huge hopes for optimus
um but at the end of the day there's so
much that goes behind that and just like
Elon always says you know prototypes are
easy production is hard and that
production is hard thing means you
really have to focus on what is the
machine that's building the machine and
the progress in the machine that's
building the machine. And so what we've
seen over these last four or five years
is just in continual um just largecale
investments and a ton of work going into
the machine that builds the machines.
We've been, you know, building out
lithium refining capabilities. We've
been going heavy into the AI factory
that's going to build the intelligence
that goes into all these things. Um,
we've been expanding production plants
and, you know, working on figuring out,
okay, how when we get robo taxi all the
way to operating, how are we going to be
able to produce them fast enough to
deploy them everywhere that we want to
put them and how do we actually produce
the semi in mass scale? And so, you
know, like it's just it's so easy to
think about,
you know, I want 10 million Optimus a
year produced and think that it's all
about just figuring out how to put those
pieces together and like that's just
easy. It just kind of happens. It's like
if you can design the right product and
just magically make it work, then poof,
you can just make 10 million of them.
And that's not how it works at all. And
you know, Elon talks about this all the
time and just still like it very rarely
penetrates us to the level of, you know,
really understanding it, really keeping
that at the forefront of our
imagination. And so I feel extremely
comfortable holding Tesla through these
ups and downs of years and years of, you
know, sideways trading because I see
them building all of the infrastructure
out that's going to it's like when was
the last time you heard of Volkswagen
setting up a new plant? When was the
last time you heard of Volkswagen
tearing down their entire supply chain
from top to bottom and being like,
"Where can we remove the most amount of
cost? Where can we remove parts that we
don't even need? Like, how can we make
these cars just from a clean sheet and
figure out how to make them faster and
then how to iterate because we're going
to be dumb and we're going to make
mistakes. How do we iterate on them
faster?" Like, you don't see any of
that. And so those are the things that I
look at um even beyond like I said just
the products and I compare you know how
is Tesla doing versus some of these
other companies um you know even ISUKs
for example like they're going to be a
robo taxi competitor okay when I look at
that car how fast are they changing the
design on that like how much have they
spent time on optimizing energy
efficiency
how are they going to do the local
compute in that vehicle. And when I look
at the comparison, I'm like, uh, you
know, like there's a there there. I
think they'll get there eventually, but
I'm pretty sure that Elon and Tesla are
ahead on that. And so, I'm just going to
stick with my investments in Tesla, and
I'm not going to get FOMO about all
these other things that may or may not
work
&gt;&gt; 100%. And with that, you continue to see
like now um this Tesla killer is no
longer a Tesla killer. it is polestar
dying here in the US. So, shout out to
the people who bought one. Feel bad for
you guys. But um you know, I think it's
it's just one of those things where uh
especially I would say for EVs, it's
going to become even harder to compete
with Tesla um even in the near term and
long term just given where things are
headed with the market. these companies,
even Rivian and and Lucid, I think,
didn't what? Didn't Rivian just lay off
people like a month ago, Lucid continues
to lose insane amount of money uh per
car? So, I think you're going to see
even more pressure if the market
probably continues to to be the way it
is. Um, even though this is potentially
an opportunity to gain customers with
gas prices being so high, but again, EVs
are still expensive and, you know, I
don't think people can compete with uh
the way that Tesla's able to um, you
know, provide their offerings for their
Model 3 and Model Y off, you know, cars.
&gt;&gt; On the polestar, I would agree that EVs
are expensive. Polestar is a premium
product at a premium product price, but
that's not true of all EVs. plenty of
EVs, dozens perhaps, not in the US, but
at least a dozen EVs in the US are below
the average cost of a new car. My
concern with Polestar is they're saying,
"Look, it's got Chinese software in it.
It's banned." Well, that's Gily's
software. Gil software is also in the
Volvo, which is manufactured in South
Carolina. Are we going to ban them next?
I understand there's a national security
concern surrounding these vehicles, but
I am not con convinced that the
regulators in charge of making these
determinations know anything about
anything. Uh so I am concerned that what
we're doing is banning uh one tiny
company who sells very few units in a
way that could result in a trade war
because there's plenty of connected
software in a Tesla around the world,
specifically China. Obviously, the FSD
software is not. There are already some
limitations. Teslas can't drive onto a
military base, for example, but it is,
you know, to say that Giley is a an arm
of the Chinese government, that has, I
guess, some truth to it, but so is
Tesla. Tesla is a arm of the US
government, at least in perception,
considering the CEO was very visibly
involved with the with the government.
Um so I am worried that this could be a
pointless trade war that would come back
to bite us in the butt in much much
bigger ways. Uh so I am uh curious how
slippery that slope is and uh a little
bit fearful of it and absolutely
convinced that the people in charge of
making the decisions have not thought
about any of the second order
consequences of a decision like this.
It's going to end literally thousands of
deliveries in the US. Not a big deal. Uh
but there are other factors that come
into play.
&gt;&gt; All right. Summon King.
Tesla to blame.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Tesla to blame but not at fault.
This was a crazy article. I think it was
ABC News with the bright Tesla logo and
a super biased take. And then you of
course nobody wants to wait until things
are found out to be true. They just go
with the headlines and and the headlines
told one thing, the facts told another.
So thank goodness uh Tesla puts all the
software in the vehicles whether you use
it or not. But Ashakal Swami said,
"Yep." In this case, the driver manually
overrode the self-driving by pressing
the accelerator all the way to 100% of
the pedal and in the residential area,
reached 73 miles per hour during the
crash and still had the accelerator
pressed even after the crash. So, I
don't know that that to me sounds like a
like a medical thing, you know what I
mean? Like maybe they had a seizure or
something like that. But but then you
have uh Senate Senate Senator Blumenthal
demands that Tesla be held accountable
for allegedly self-driving crap.
&gt;&gt; Sawyer Sawyer quickly like if you mash
your foot on the accelerated pedal, it's
just how cars work. It's like it's like
what are you talking about? Tesla's not
at fault.
&gt;&gt; I had too many people saying, "Well,
Brian, why are you saying with absolute
confidence this is not a a true story?"
And I said, ' Because we've seen this
story a dozen times, at least. I've
covered it a dozen times. We know the
failure modes of FSD. The failure mode
of FSD is if it freaks out, if it
doesn't know what it's doing, it just
slows to a stop and then parks. That's
that's all it does. Now, if you told me
that FSD was going down the street and
it was going too slow and holding up
traffic and the wheel was kind of
jittering a bit, I'd say, "Yeah, that
that sounds like a thing that I believe
could happen. I haven't seen it on
version 14, but I've seen it on earlier
versions. Absolutely, that could happen.
But, but pedal to the metal, no. And
unlike a gas car, if you hit both pedals
in a gas car, the gas will fight the
brakes. In an electric car, it just
kills the power. Any pedal application
of the brake and the power is cut to the
go- go machine. It doesn't go. So, it's
uh yeah, I don't need to see if you're
telling me that you saw a penguin in the
Arctic, I know that was a puffin. I just
know that there are no penguins in the
Arctic. Uh so, uh one of those deals
where I don't have to wait for the news
and then of course within hours the the
actual black boxes um is read and we can
see with absolute clarity what actually
happened. Of course, it's what we
thought it was. Pedal mislication.
Yeah. And for those that don't own a
Tesla, like um if you are on un you know
supervised or you know full self-driving
and you you know press the accelerator
at some point it will tell you to take
over because you know you're obviously
over um you know you're you're you know
versus like a small tap which is like
hey I want you to go through this light
even though it's yellow or something or
maybe it was coming to a stop which I
do. But if you full on press to the
point where it's going to be going 40 m,
50 mi over the speed limit on, you know,
a residential street, it's you at that
point, right? That's just like one
thing. And even on the highway, it can
only go up to 85 miles an hour. It
cannot go past that. Um, but it is one
of those things where if you step on it
all the way 100%. it will disengage at
some point or tell you to take over
because it's, you know, at that point
you're driving and you're overwriting
anything that you want FSD to do. So,
um, but yeah, it's just it's funny. I I
think I've learned we know Tesla well
enough now, specifically Elon, where if
there's some crazy new headline, give it
a day or two till he speaks about it.
Like I don't even comment about these
hypotheticals anymore because it's more
of like
until he comments, you know, he's going
to speak about it, especially if it's
stuff like like accusatory, you know,
allegations or, you know, um what's the
word? Uh even hypotheticals,
if it needs to be spoken to, he they
will speak to it, right? Um versus a lot
of it could just be obviously in this
case, it's just complete fake news.
Sometimes they're a little late to the
punch, but in this instance, they were
kind of they were right on top of it
because this story became so viral. But
the media's perception, well, I think
public perception of autopilot and FSD
is really skewed. They they correlate
the two as the same. And and we know
they're not like FSD won't even hit a
squirrel, let alone a house. So, it's
like, what are we talking about? You
know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; What are we talking about? But
&gt;&gt; I do like to see um Echo commenting on
these things uh just because it does
show that the management team is so
focused on
&gt;&gt; like hey is there any possible actual
failure mode here and you know they dig
into it and of course it wasn't um but
and then so kind of engaging at the
technology level and then in the
conversation just to create clarity
around what actually happened. Um, but
for question for Brian, if we have pedal
mislication errors with the accelerator
pedal, do you think it's appropriate to
call that a a dangerous goose in the
wild?
&gt;&gt; I do not. I do not. So, I've had people
asking me, well, why why wouldn't the
car just override the human and stop?
You can set your car to do that. It
comes that way by default with automatic
emergency braking, but most people go
into the menus and disable it. At the
end of the day, if the human believes
they know something that the car
doesn't, they should be able to go.
Could you imagine if uh I'm sure we've
all had a situation where we're on FSD
and we pull up to a street that is does
not have a stop sign and for whatever
reason the car decides it's going to
come to a complete stop. There's traffic
behind me. I'm going to nudge the pedal.
I'm going to tell it to go. And if that
was if that feature was not there, if I
could not override that to my comfort,
that situation of comfort happens
routinely, once a week maybe, where
situations like we saw here happen so
infrequently that they make
international news. Uh so at some point,
what we need to do is get rid of the
pedals. I feel like uh there's a story
coming up in the slides about that very
topic.
something like that. But first, Joe,
we're gonna show Americanmade. Hit us.
&gt;&gt; Yes. If you don't know, Teslas are
Americanmade. It's so funny. Like I
people really don't realize this
sometimes. It's like like whatever.
Anyway, uh yeah, the most Americanmade
index came out and uh Tesla 3 and Y of
course topped the list. So that's of no
surprise.
But this is like uh sixth year in a row.
Like Tesla's just doing it Americanmade.
But you know, you know, uh the part this
isn't going to show in this article
because it's about Americanmade. But
Tesla is the most made of any continent
that it's on. In China, they're the most
you know, I mean, the most China made.
And in Europe, they're the most European
made. I mean, they are crushing it for
the supply chain. We need Jeff for for
that conversation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's something you forget about.
And actually, I forgot if we added it
may and maybe we did, but um I just off
the top of my head, Andre from Giga
Berlin just announced that they were
going from 5,000 to 6,200 a week. By
November or Q4, they're going to go up
to 7,500 a week um as far as like their
Model Y output. And that's from now
until then, that's an additional 2,000
jobs that they're creating. But it's
just one of those things where um
they've built their whole supply chain
and I remember talking to you guys about
this four years ago where they were
thinking about you know building all
these gigafactories on different in
different parts of the world but then
they you know they sort they do their
best to source as much as possible from
the local region. Um but how that will
just enable them to literally ship all
over the world for the best rates.
All right. So Brian, I'll I'll give this
one to you, man, since you are excited
about pedals.
&gt;&gt; I just love pedals so much, you guys. I
don't know where to start. So this is a
a very wonderful thing to finally see
regulators are getting out a little bit
ahead for once. Uh we have a very
reactive regulatory environment in the
US. most things are allowed until
they're explicitly not, which is
backwards from a lot of the world,
certainly the developed world. But in
this case, they said, "Look, uh, if
these vehicles are designed to be ridden
in rather than driven, we should adjust
the regulations that say what a brake
pedal must be." I think it's great that
there is a regulation. I don't want some
cut rate company to come out with their
allnew 2027 Yugo and say, "Oh, by the
way, the brakes are now you only have a
handbre cuz it was cheaper for us." I
think that would be a crazy idea. But if
the car is designed not to be driven,
but rather ridden, then yeah, let's just
codify it now. We do not need a brake
pedal in the vehicle because all that
does is open up opportunities for error.
I had people telling me that CyberCap
should have a steering wheel just in
case the human needs to take over. And
the hypotheticals they came up with to
justify it are truly insane. And I said
the reality is drunks would be taking
control and children would be
accidentally taking control. You might
be putting on your makeup on the way to
work and bump the wheel. That input is
not what you want. Elon says all input
is error. And it sure feels like that's
the only possible outcome I could see
from that.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely wild.
&gt;&gt; How how spoiled are we though that uh
that FSD is such a thing that you just
realize like like
why isn't everybody doing this? Like it
it just the more I use it and the more
when I'm when I'm like in the vehicle
and and going to work or whatever, I
just look around and I'm like,
&gt;&gt; "What are you guys What are you doing?
We're all in danger
&gt;&gt; every day for an hour each way. Why
would you do why would you choose this
life when there's an opportunity to do
anything else?" It's crazy when you
think how easy FSD would be to solve if
it was only around other cars on FSD.
You could take millions of variables out
of the equation and all you'd have to
solve for is the lines on the road and
the car ahead of you. That's it. But no,
we have to deal with those ridiculous
humans driving like absolute fools all
the time. I'm a good driver. I'm above
average except when I'm texting, which
is all the time. Buddy, you're a bad
driver. That's what's called a bad
driver. So, I don't know. We hold the
robots to a standard of perfection that
we do not compare ourselves to. We
compare our best driving to robo taxis
worst driving. And that's deeply unfair,
but I guess a part of the human
condition.
&gt;&gt; And even then, the robo taxi still wins
90% of the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ain't that right?
&gt;&gt; Ain't that the truth.
And with that said, not only is, you
know, full self-driving a lot safer than
humans, so is the way that Tesla builds
their vehicles. Um, Cybertruck got a
couple of accolades this week. Um, along
with um, so the what is it? The IHS
um, rated them. The Cybertruck is number
one for top top safety pick. Um and I
believe I think there was some other
stuff that came out. Oh no, that was the
the other one. But um yeah, I don't
know. It's one of those things where
it's not just um us recommending it is
&gt;&gt; safety pick plus
&gt;&gt; plus
and that's according to the IHS
uh which I think uh is how you pronounce
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but yeah, so it's one of those
things where if you have loved ones, you
you know, precious commodities, you
know, you want to put them in the safest
vehicles. So, uh definitely give Tesla a
look. Um you know, when you are thinking
about purchasing a vehicle.
All right, with that, Joe, tell us about
the semi and Alaska. Yeah. Uh Dan
Priestley uh showed some really cool
video of the semi uh on on ice and boy
does it it does really well. And this is
like a loaded he he the other pictures.
So you can see that it had weight in it.
But yeah. No, it's uh the semi is and
this is like Oh, you can see from the
front. It's the it's the new version.
They're testing the new one.
Hey Brian, how how quickly after the ICE
test do we see production usually?
&gt;&gt; Uh well, we don't usually see the ice
test. We were lucky enough to see it
with Cyber Truck, but with most cars, we
don't uh usually see it. On this one,
production is already underway. These
are already being manufactured in uh
Reno, I mean Sparksish, kind of in
between the two. Uh so we are seeing
those both the medium range and the long
range version. uh being produced there
not in huge quantity but they are
rolling out. Um and yeah the the the
real thing on that video that they
showed was that um while the trailer was
just fishtailing like crazy because
trailer's just a trailer. Doesn't matter
which which tractor you're using. The
front part, the part with all of the
drive power was just rock steady. It was
absolutely unwavering. It wasn't being
dragged around. It didn't cause the
entire combination to lose control. Um,
this is uh what you would hope to see
from an electric drivetrain. You would
hope to see that kind of traction
control. Um, and this is evidence that
even fully loaded with concrete and
steel. And Dan explained that we used
the concrete and steel because they are
very heavy and we could maintain a low
center of gravity for safety for the
safety of the test engineers not because
of you know not because it's lighter or
easier. Uh it's just we don't want to
hurt anybody. Uh so this is you know um
I guess huge news. It's more validation
than proof because they proved it years
ago in tests that we never got to see.
These have been running over Donner Pass
for
eight years, nine years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's it's been a minute.
&gt;&gt; And it's been constant, too. I mean, um,
Joe gets the the best of I mean, he
stopped even to the point where he
stopped taking videos now, but you see
so many, um, just going through Central
Valley, uh, coming and transitioning
from the Reno area to the San Jose to
the Fremont area, um, because they can
literally bring all of their the the
batteries and power trains from
uh, from Nevada all the way here. Um and
you get uh you know um winter conditions
up there and insane inclines and so um
and then you have also you know
companies like PepsiCo I mean S AIA I
mean all these companies uh just
logistic companies you know doing
testing for years and they're all using
the old semi. So now this new upgraded
one um I mean we're seeing a a ton of
them now right like you know you know um
both variants it looks like what the
semi- long range and then the short
range which is
&gt;&gt; standard range
&gt;&gt; sorry my bad
&gt;&gt; standard range variant um but with that
said it's here I think from a cost per
mile perspective it's 50% cheaper to
drive uh an electric semi uh again I
think fronds are Dan was one of the guys
who who quoted that. Uh but with that
said, it's um you know, we're here to
um you know, it's upon us, right? I
mean, you're starting to see
&gt;&gt; the all the testing happening in Alaska
and now you're starting to see more of
them being pumped out. Um
&gt;&gt; I did have a bit more perspective to
provide here, which is electric semiis
period, regardless of brand, are are
cheaper to operate than a diesel. And
that's no matter which one you get. But
Teslas are more efficient. A Tesla's
rated at 1.8 watt hours uh kilowatt
hours per mile. And uh the competition
is over that. They're at 2.1 kilowatt
hours per mile because they started with
a diesel truck and just put a bunch of
electronics in it. That's the wrong
approach. And in a recent pilot study
performed by a company that has since
placed an order for additional semis in
Oklahoma, they were getting 1.55 kilwatt
hours per mile, meaning they are 25%
cheaper to fuel up, to juice up than an
e Cascadia or a Volvo electric truck.
They're just plain better. So your total
cost of ownership comes way down. If
you're looking at an EC Cascadia, under
300,000 is the sweet spot. If you can
get it under 300, you can make money. Uh
you can't get it under 300. The EC
Cascadia is in the 400 to 500 range. The
Tesla is under 300 and its sweet spot is
lower because the energy costs even
less. The advantages are countless and
without subsidies, Tesla looks like the
only one who is likely to survive with
the possible exception of BYD who makes
their class 8 trucks in Long Beach uh in
LA and then uses them extensively at the
Port of Long Beach. And the last thing
is on those two different range
variants, I would not be surprised to
see a third one, a port range kind of uh
semi with an even smaller battery
because you don't need 350 miles of
range if all you're doing is dragging
freight around the port all day.
The only other thing I would add to that
is, you know, if I'm a truck driver and
I've never been a truck driver, but I've
lived in logging country and uh know a
few people who that's their living. And
I think, you know, some of the main
things that give them heartburn are
going up hills, going downhills,
and jacknifing, and then just bringing
the whole thing to a stop in a sudden uh
situation where you just didn't have
visibility into something. And we've
seen, you know, and heard lots of
conversation from lots of people how,
man, just it has so much more torque.
And so going up hills way, you don't
have to worry about, oh, I missed a
gear. Like, what gears are there to
miss? Oh, and it has more torque
anyways. And so you're never going to
stall out going up a 5% grade. Um, and
then, man, going downhills, you don't
have to worry about burning out a Jake
brake. You've got all of that
regenerative braking. Um, the likelihood
that you're ever going to have to use
one of those escape ramps on a downgrade
is a fraction of what it would be in a
traditional semi. And so right now we've
already got two of the main sources of
heartburn just gone. And then if we have
that traction control, that's just way
better on an electric vehicle than it
ever is in any sort of an ICE vehicle
because you have that momentby-moment
ability to provide both acceleration and
deceleration. And so it's, you know,
with electronic ABS, you do have the
ability to have fine grain control over
how much braking that you have. But when
you've got an 80,000lb vehicle, you
overwhelm those brakes really fast. Um,
and so your ABS ability to get you to
stop is lower. So when you combine,
you've got that ABS ability in
acceleration and deceleration, and then
you've got the regenerative braking to
add into it. So you just have more
braking power. Then that is what really
helps you in these jack knife situations
like we saw here on this test. And so
you're just really able to keep that
trailer a lot more in control. Um, in
the scenarios where the back end does
end up having more momentum and more
speed and it's trying to come around
you, you've got the ability to do all of
the precise things that need to be done
that the driver doesn't even have to
worry about it. Like the computer's just
going to figure out how to keep that
thing behind you instead of in front of
you. And that's a huge deal. Um, and
then just everything that I said about
braking also helps in bringing that
thing down to a stop as quickly as
possible. You know, there's still going
to be situations where there's just
nothing you can do. You have too much
momentum uh to stop in a sudden way. Um,
but you're going to be able to stop more
than you would be able to in a
traditional semi. I mean, so just wins
like in all of the things where you
would be really uh just
super um yeah, just having a hard time
uh super nervous. The the most difficult
situations that any truck driver has to
deal with. And so, yeah, I think it's a
great situation. And you know, all of
that, the only downside that you have to
deal with is okay, you got to figure out
how to charge. And uh Tesla is solving
that problem. So, yeah. The other thing
I would add is for all of us in this in
this video, we use FSD on road trips. We
know what it's like to road trip in a
gas car where you're doing this all day
where you're micromanaging every
millisecond. And with FSD and these
trucks, we've already seen them out
testing with LAR for ground truth. These
will have uh some kind of ADAS, whether
it's autopilot right out of the gate,
enhanced autopilot, something they will
have that. And that reduces driver
stress tremendously. The last thing you
want is a stressed out truck driver. Uh
they can do their, you know, 6 hours one
way or their 10 hours, 11 hours all day
and arrive in a great state of mind. And
again, like Hans was saying, if you had
a checklist, all the boxes are checked,
&gt;&gt; man. Yeah. No kidding. I think uh I
think when you look at this video it I
mean it looks really cool but I'm sure
truck drivers and fleet operators are
like okay you know what I mean because
it's it's striking it it tells a story
for sure cuz when that when that on any
other truck if that when that back end
swings around no matter what type of
weight it's got on it it's it's going to
pull you and the fact that it doesn't
pull the semi is pretty awesome.
Yeah, it's uh I don't know more more to
come. Um I'm really excited to see these
on the road. Um it's going to become you
know what like it like it feels like uh
kind of what's upon us with the cyber
cab uh just being unleashed. Um you know
it's you're seeing it especially with um
you know some of the the covers that
we're seeing down in um
you know at at Sparks with with the the
semi. It's, you know, they're it's
happening as far as um all of them
coming. Um it like they're being built
right now. The new version is. And with
that said, Joe, Starlink,
&gt;&gt; Starlink them all. Everybody Everybody
in their mama is getting Starlink. It's
like boats, planes,
and the cyber cab automobiles. So, uh
yeah, the first Southwest Airlines
flight uh with Starlink took off. line
posted about that. Liberia
there, they had a really cool video of
them uh putting Starlink on their on
their planes. Alaska Airlines
and uh Olden Dorf Oldenorf installed
more than 80 giant Oldenorf ships have
uh have Starlink. It's like I mean
anybody who's used Starlink, just like
with a Tesla, everything that that these
companies make is just like it just
works and it works flawlessly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're seeing some of these
companies, they're like rush they're
like rushing to put the Starlink on it
and complete their fleets. Um I've
noticed that I was in a bit of a
transition period with United. Um, I
think there were some issues that we
were having with our Starlink, but
overall it's such a consistent
experience versus um, I mean, this is
what they do. It's it's coming from the
sky versus I think a lot of these other
ones, it's just so inconsistent and
sporadic. And the interesting thing too,
at least when I would fly a lot of these
um American um airlines, when you would
go over to like Europe, it would stop at
whatever the airspace for Europe is and
then it would cut off. And now with
Starlink, it can go the full length,
right? And I think maybe some of the
other companies could have do that as
well, but um you know, you're just
seeing that transition happen to you
know, something that is going to be
completely reliable and you know,
they're potentially doing it at a very
cheap cost, too. So
&gt;&gt; there is more quilt to put together in
that one. The there are places where
Starlink is not authorized to operate
and when you fly over that country you
may still have an outage but Starlink is
going global real quickly and it appears
to be of if you had to pick a a
satellite carrier knowing that none of
them are going to give you perfect
global coverage I'd pick the best one
which is Starlink
&gt;&gt; facts. And now you can tell us about
Mega Bloks, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, who knows, man. So, uh,
Nat Power, good buddy of mine. We went
to college together. Uh, Nat Power is a
big, uh, utility in Europe, and they're
buying, uh, 25 gatt hours of storage in
a $5 billion deal. Now, 5 billion, that
may sound like a lot, but have you ever
considered Lucid's 1.6 six billion in
revenue ever lifetime. So we've got one
deal that's three times the size of
Lucid's entire sales history. It's kind
of a big deal. And for reference, 25
gawatt hours, uh that would be 50% of
the mega block facto's entire output for
a year once fully scaled. We're talking
about a few dollars here. And uh why are
they doing it? Well, because it works.
There are cheaper options out there, but
it's not just the mega pack two or three
that you're buying, the mega block. It's
also the software. The software is the
secret sauce. It's what makes it better.
If you had It's the difference between
uh running your oven all day versus
running your Tesla, which you can
schedule to only charge at night, but
this is smarter. It can look at all of
the usage. It can look at all of the
inflows and outflows of costs at the
utility level by the microscond and make
determinations. It can see that uh a
fire just broke out 600 miles away.
Maybe we want to juice up. It does all
of that. It does it automatically. And
so regardless of the higher price tag,
it ends up being substantially cheaper
for customers, for the utilities, fornat
power, uh, right out of the gate.
&gt;&gt; Well, and the new Mega Blok is also
designed to eliminate the need for a lot
of other equipment. And so they're able
to replace and reduce costs in other
areas besides just what it is that
you're building. Um, and then they can
also replicate different types of AC
machinery. you know, they can help to
balance load. Like there's a lot of
really complicated stuff that goes on
with keeping your lights on every day
that is just way beyond what almost
anyone understands. And these mega
blocks, they can pretend that they are
almost any different type of electrical
generator, whether it's hydro power,
whether it's an gas turbine or any of
these different types of things. And um
so that allows it to slot into like
however this grid is architected so that
they can deliver you consistent power
every day. You can add mega block to
that and it can integrate seamlessly
into that whole system to help actually
improve the reliability of that grid
instead of be a liability that they then
have to go and figure out. Okay, well
now we got this thing, but it only
operates like this and now it kind of
disrupts that thing that we had over
there. And so we're going to have to
create this custom solution to bridge
the gap and it just eliminates all of
that
facts and and that's the vertical
integration that you get with Tesla. I
mean right like even at my house and and
I'm not even talking the mega block. I'm
talking just the solar panels, the power
walls, and then, you know, the vehicle
to load, which could come with power
sharing, just the the complete
integration. And then I'm I become a
virtual power plant, like as Brian was
talking about, like if there's a fire or
there's, you know, high surge during
certain hours, I get a notification and
I actually get an annual check from
Tesla every year for, you know, the
power that they provide back to the
grid. Um, and it's happening, you know,
obviously in the great state of Texas,
too. Like there's um not only are they
huge subsidies on the actual power that
they're providing, but the virtual power
plant, I believe, is even like statewide
at this point, but um there's a lot of
incentives that happen um that are
happening. But most importantly, it's
the software that that brings everything
together versus getting the Power Walls
and like Sunun or something like, you
know, something something different.
Joe, what's the upbeat, man?
&gt;&gt; We have entered the rapid news segment
of the show. Welcome back, Hans.
&gt;&gt; And with that, Hans, you can do the
first one. Zuks is going into
production.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it's great to see more
people with shots on goal. Um I've been
really impressed with Amazon kind of as
an overall AI empowered business and
there's just they have so many different
areas of their business where they can
employ robotics and artificial
intelligence to take costs out and then
they're looking at you know where else
can we make money and then seeing what
Elon and Tesla is doing. this is one of
their their efforts. Um there's a lot of
things about this body that I like. Um
you know, I think it's an interesting
form factor for a relatively slow speed
like city thing. Um but rumors are that
the amount of compute that they have to
have on board for this thing is really
large. uh we don't know the specific
details. Uh but if that's true, the
likelihood that they are just drinking
electricity through a fire hose in order
to operate that onboard compute is
really high, which then is going to mean
that this thing is going to have a lot
lower range. There's going to be a lot
more upkeep and um maintenance costs.
And so like that kind of concerns me.
You can see the picture there, how many
sensors that they have. And when you
have lots of sensors, then it takes lots
of power to operate and then process the
data off of all of those sensors. Um,
&gt;&gt; you're probably talking about four or
five or even potentially more times as
many gigabytes worth of data to process
every single millisecond off of
something like a zuks than you would off
of a robo taxi. And that is energy that
has to be consumed that can't be applied
towards moving people and stuff from
place to place. So I think that's my
concern about what I see here. Um but
that said, you know, Amazon's got money
to put behind this. And one of the
benefits that they do have uh putting
into this technology right now that Elon
didn't have, and I you know, I mean,
we'll say it's a potential benefit. we
don't really know where it's going to
land is, you know, they do have the
ability to use all of the advancements
that have been brought to bear on
artificial intelligence over the last
five years. Um, you know, they can take
the latest and greatest models. uh you
know they serve Amazon serves every
single one of the frontier models that's
out there is deployed on Amazon hardware
and they host those things and so they
understand how all of these things work
and so if there are any kind of
shortcuts that they can use to get to a
good functional robo taxi service that's
based on all of that um there is a
pathway there that might shorten the
road to them um but as far as getting to
scale
Um, and then focusing on removing as
many things as necessary to where you
lower your operational costs. I don't
see that they're moving fast enough in
the right direction for this to really
be any sort of competitive threat to the
robo taxi. U, but having one more point
of competition is always a good thing.
&gt;&gt; Always. All right, Brian, let's get you
into the mix. Slate is cheap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is exciting. We'd seen leaks
that it could be $24,950. The word is
out it is $249.50 for the base base
model, which is the question. Can you
sell that car at that price? The answer
appears to be yes. I don't know how much
margin there will be. The factory is
very small, but the assembly is very
straightforward. Um, you can of course
add on all kinds of things from there.
deliveries expected later this year at
the very end of the year uh or in Q1,
which is encouraging. If they'd have
said, "Yeah, but it's going to be in two
years. You could just wave it all off."
Um there are the early reviews are
looking good. Uh the product looks fine.
I think it's a cool design. And if you
can profitably sell a truck for 25,000,
about which I still have serious doubts,
uh it's going to be popular. I see this
being a real winner for parks and wreck
departments. It's only got 150 mi of
range, but for a parks department,
that's plenty. You're going to be back
in plenty of time. You probably don't
even need level two charging back at the
depot. You could get by with just 110
charging something with a battery that
small. Curb weights only 4,000 lbs. Not
too bad. And it looks like could be a
winner. Yeah. Let me just add real quick
on
&gt;&gt; size truck.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, because they have a
different business model with selling
all of those accessories after market. I
think that when they go direct to
consumer, they have the opportunity to
sell these kind of like a printer
company. you know, we're gonna actually
sell you the vehicle at a slight loss
and we're gonna just bank on making our
money after the sale on recurring
revenue that comes from you buying this
accessory or that accessory or whatever.
Um, so I think that, yeah, that 249
is something that kind of makes sense in
that context. But, you know, Brian had a
really good point about if if this is
going to be a fleet vehicle,
I don't think you're going to bank on
selling all of those accessories to the
fleet vehicles. and um or if you do,
you're definitely going to have to
rethink all of your pricing around that
in order to make sure that that makes
sense and you don't end up upside down
and underwater.
&gt;&gt; The other problem there is that uh
third-party companies will immediately
spring up the moment it makes sense,
likely even before that, they've
probably already sprung up looking to
undercut the manufacturer and provide
cheaper, more interesting or flexible
parts. I don't know. there's uh there's
reasons why that couldn't work. Uh but
hopefully, you know, I'm I'm rooting for
them. I hope they make it. I'm looking
forward to seeing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that was one of the things
the CEO mentioned, too. She was she was
very adamant about, yeah, we don't mind
selling these at a loss because we know
people are going to want to customize
their vehicle and so this is going to be
a very interesting uh case study.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Not our dollar, but hey Joe,
semi-relevant.
&gt;&gt; Semi-relevant. So, ArcBest buys two
Tesla semis after successful testing in
California. And more could follow, of
course, as we know, like once you try
it, you you want the you want the whole
thing. So that this is uh this is what
we've always talked about butts and
seats and and with the Tesla Semi, it's
really awesome to see companies, you
know, make a make a good gamble and and
pay for it.
Yes. And Hans, wrap us up with uh Whimo
accidents, man.
Oh, you're on mute, man.
Yeah, that uh that doesn't look great. I
certainly I hope they didn't have a
passenger in that car. My guess is they
probably didn't. This is more than
likely something that occurred while
they were doing, you know, just testing
on freeways. Um, and we do have to give
them a little bit of leeway. Just, you
know, the few places that we have seen
legitimate Tesla FSD accidents have been
weird things on freeways. You know,
trying to go into closed uh ADA or not
ADS, um, HOV lanes. Um, but yeah, like
it's just hard when you're making
multiple of those types of accidents and
it seems like a little bit more
intelligence probably could have been
applied to that problem. And yeah, you
these are the types of things where, you
know, they're going to have to figure
out and like this is software. Like the
the only thing that Whimo got wrong here
was just a a minor little software thing
in a car that, you know, the entire
product is software. So, um,
&gt;&gt; it stayed between the cones.
&gt;&gt; It It did stay between the Yeah, that
that was a And it looked like, you know,
that looks like drivable lane. I'm not
sure that a robot has ever stepped in
uh concrete before to really just have
an understanding of, you know, what it
feels like to do that. Maybe maybe
that's all it wanted. It just like, I
wonder what it would feel like to put my
feet in that concrete. And so, I I'm
just going to do it. You know what?
&gt;&gt; YOLO.
&gt;&gt; You know what's wild about this? Uh
before you go, John, the the the wild
thing I see even though it's just
software Jaguar, the IP seems to have
most of these incidents that we see with
Whimo. It's never the Zer.
&gt;&gt; Not yet.
&gt;&gt; Not yet. It's quantity.
&gt;&gt; Quantity. So, my big mo the most
important question of the day is if I'm
in the inside the Whimo and I step out
and step into this the wet cement, who's
paying for my shoes?
&gt;&gt; Is that Whimo's problem or No, I'm
joking.
&gt;&gt; Those terms of services would be pretty
long. I think
&gt;&gt; exactly.
&gt;&gt; But you did agree to them.
&gt;&gt; You pressed the
&gt;&gt; It specifically says if we go into
cement,
you have to pay for your shoes. Um, but
with that said, a quick shout out to Joe
for always putting together a banger
deck. Um, appreciate it and it ran us
literally all the way to the top of the
hour as it does every single week. Um,
and also to a special shout out to Hans.
Um, you know, it's great to hear from
you again. Uh, thanks for taking the um
the call this week. Um, and you know,
looking forward to seeing um, you know,
seeing more of the things you're up to
especially. So at Hansc Nilson um on X
and YouTube as well. Um and obviously
Brian, thank you for being a wonderful
co-host every single week. Um and with
that said, again, Xtakeover coming
October 10th uh at Giga Texas. We have
over 300 people on the wait list now. So
join at xtakeover.com. Um you know,
there may be an opportunity to extend it
in the coming months. I would definitely
not lose hope on that. Um, but with that
said, um, you know, we will be releasing
and making more announcements in the
coming months. And uh thank you all for
tuning in today and we will catch you
guys all next