Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Iran Deal Reached + $SPCX Crushes IPO: Tesla-SpaceX Merger Drama & Kevin Warsh First FOMC
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3U8ES9o_84c
Published:   2026-06-15 01:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-15 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; I had two choices tonight. One, just not
make this video and just tell you guys,
hey, I got busy. I couldn't do it. Or
put out something that's going to be a
little more raw, a little less edited, a
little less graphics and stuff, but at
least I get some message out to you guys
about what I think's happening. And I
thought this was more important than
making this all look good and pretty and
all that. So, here we are. Hope you guys
don't mind. Like I said, I've had a
crazy day these last like four hours.
All of a sudden, you know, just crap
fell out of the sky, if you will. And
so, we're dealing with it. We're
dipping, dodging, doing what we got to
do to get, you know, to get everything
done correctly and doing it right. And,
you know, no excuses. We're going to get
things done. But I wanted to hop on here
and I want to talk to you guys about
what's about to happen this week with
the market opening, what happened last
week and what happened this weekend. So,
let's start off first with SpaceX.
SpaceX IPOed on Friday. It was a very
good IPO. Uh we saw Morgan Stanley, they
they did a fantastic job when it came to
the actual market making before the
opening. So, what happened was they were
able to not only do it earlier than
expected. I thought it was be like noon.
Uh, everyone on CNBC thought it was be
like, you know, maybe 1 2 PM. They did
it at like 10:40 or like 11:00 a.m.
something like that. And it was a
excellent, excellent opening for SpaceX
and their IPO. What made it so good?
Well, two things. One, it didn't crash,
right? So, it didn't go below the IPO
price, which was 135. But number two, it
didn't go up like crazy like a lot of
people expected. This is good. This
means that we had a good market. We had
good balance. They priced it
accordingly. Now, what's fascinating is
that no investment banker actually
decided how to structure this IPO. This
was all Tesla or Tesla Freudian slip
there. Maybe this was all Space X and
their team that did this. And so, they
did such an excellent job. They designed
this very well. They've got lots of
things structured out nicely. And so I,
you know, I I think, you know, hats off
to them. Uh, of course, what do we
expect? SpaceX team, Elon team, much
like Tesla, very few things they're
going to do that they're not going to do
excellent. So, with that said, that's
going to bleed into this week. We're
going to see for the rest of the week
how SpaceX actually trades. Look, your
first day IPO, that's one thing. How's
it look the rest of the week? How's it
look the rest of the month? The rest of
the year, that's another thing. So,
we'll see how this plays out. It's going
to be interesting. But speaking of
SpaceX, we also saw the interview uh
with with Gwen Shotwell from SpaceX COO
and you know she was asked about the
rumors of of Tesla and SpaceX merging
and she said there's a lot of synergies
it would make life easier on Elon and as
you could imagine this kind of sent the
uh Tesla YouTube X community into a
little bit of a civil war if you will.
Um, look, at the end of the day, my
opinion is uh we got to trust in our
leaders and we got to trust in our
companies and I think that they're going
to do right by by us and and by them.
And at the end of the day, as Tesla
investors, they're going to they have to
make sure that we're going to vote yes
for a merger if it's going to happen, if
it's even really in the cards. So, I
think all this like back and forth, all
this like uh in infighting that we see,
I think we should just put a pin on it
in my opinion. Like, you feel to do what
you want, everybody. But I think put a
pin on it. Life's too short to be
arguing about something we don't even
know that may or may not happen. It's
not like they're going to do it under
our nose without us knowing it. We'd
have to vote for it either way. So, if
they want to get the vote of, you know,
a plurality of the Tesla shareholders,
then they're going to have to either pay
a premium or make it so that Tesla
shareholders are less diluted. One way
or another, they're going to have to
make sure it's fair. Uh, so, and, you
know, from there, you vote how you vote
and we, you know, the cards fall where
the chips fall where they fall. All
right, so enough of that. We talked
about SpaceX. We talked a little bit
about that drama that's going on. I
don't like to get into all that crap,
honestly. Uh, I'm sure it's, you know,
some people find a little fun in it and
and whatnot. I won't lie, you know, any
kind of drama like that. It is
entertaining by by its nature, but I
don't like it. I especially not in our
community, you know, it's uh it's just
not need for there's no need for it. I
think everybody has good intentions and
I think they're coming at things from a
good place and everybody has a valid
point of view to to be honest. It's not
like you can say you're right and you're
wrong. that clearly. Now, both sides
have good points of view, but again,
trust in Elon, trust in the boards, you
know, everything's going to work out the
way it should. I I I genuinely believe
that. And again, it's not like we don't
get a vote in it. Okay, let's put a pin
on that because we also have big news
that happened uh moments ago, a couple
hours ago. Iran and US seems like we got
a deal done. Uh I talked about this last
week. I I told you that I you know I
know I'm the boy who cried wolf when it
comes like I think this might be you
know actually happening and I said this
past week no this is happening. I said
this is it. And sure enough here we are.
We we got it we got it going and I think
this is very promising. It's real. Once
again if you would have just watched the
markets and what the markets were
telling us the futures it told you this
was going to happen. So again, all the
prognosticators out there, all the
people who were who kept saying, "Oh,
taco this, taco that." Listen, they got
it done. The markets were right. All
right, so ignore the noise. Ignore all
the talking heads. Just look at the
markets. The markets will tell you
what's going on. I think that's a pretty
damn cool thing. Um, but so yes, it's
great. Hopefully this means less
fighting. Hopefully this means we get a
peace deal done. And hopefully this
means we get oil flowing again. And
guess what? We can get back to what
matters. And what matters is making this
country freaking amazing, having world
peace and really expanding the message
of autonomy, self-driving, space travel,
all that good stuff. And with that said,
um, now that this happened, the stock
market is going, you know, I haven't
even looked. I guarantee you. Uh, and
just so you guys know what kind of day
I'm having. Uh, I just I don't I never
drink energy drinks, but here we are.
Red Bull. Uh, almost 9:00 p.m. over
here, and that's that's where I'm at
right now. That's that's that's what my
day turned into. Uh, but we're going to
grind. You know, we're not going to bed
till we get the stuff done that we got
to get done, including this video. But
with that said, let's take a look at
this. Okay, so yeah, sure enough. I I
you know, I I didn't want to say
anything. I want to look first, but I
was going to say like I guarantee the
market's up. Tesla up to 410. Sandis
breaking 2,000 2068. Nvidia pops to 209.
Micron up to 1,030. Meta up 575. Google
364. GEV up $962. Bloom Energy $274. And
AMD up to $537. Obviously, I just read
out all the stocks I have trades on
because that's really what I care about.
And SpaceX, what's that doing? Up to
$167.99. So, not up that much, but nice
seven bucks. Oh, actually is a lot. It's
It's 5%. So, good start to tomorrow.
That's all I can say. You know, it's
it's a it's a good time to to be alive.
Um, so the markets are clearly going to
be up tomorrow. Um, if not only because
of that for Tesla. Let's talk Tesla
specifically. I just saw uh Sawyer
Merritt, he posted that there's 102 new
cyber cabs outside of Giga Austin. Guys,
I think this is it. I think now that the
SpaceX IPO is behind us, I think now,
here we go. Now I think maybe the rest
of June, July, August, I think this is a
very important part right now for Tesla.
I think some, you know, the whole slow
at first and all at once. I think this
is it. I think we're in that window now.
I think we're in that all at once
window. And I think it happens sometime
between June, July, and August. I think
that's where something and when I mean
all at once, I don't mean hundreds of
thousands of robo taxis, but maybe six
six or seven different cities, maybe we
actually start to deploy mass robo taxis
uh including cyber cabs, you know,
across across the country. It just seems
weird that they're stationing and
essentially staging all of these
vehicles everywhere, including the cyber
cabs, if there is not to deploy them. I
just I don't buy it. I don't buy it. I
think it's for a reason. I think it's
for a bigger uh roll out. I think what
we saw was we saw Austin, Dallas, Tech,
uh Dallas, and Houston though, even
California, those were like the MVP. If
you ever uh been in product building,
MVP would be like your minimal viable
product before you go to general
availability. And I think now we're
about to go to GA. I think we're going
to the GA version of this. And it's it's
exciting. Uh again, I you know, I said
it last week when it was not popular to
say it. Uh and I said it the week before
again when it wasn't popular to say it.
I think Tesla's gearing up for all-time
highs. I think we are on our way.
Everything looks constructive for it.
Everything, whether it's the BX trender,
I'm not going to have time to put it up
here, guys. Whether it's the BX trender,
whether it's the uh S&amp;P, whether it's uh
I mean literally anything you see, the
flows, the option chains, everything is
just gearing up for for all-time highs.
Um so again, anything could happen.
Doesn't mean it has to happen, but
that's kind of what what I'm thinking
right now. Um and uh oh, I just want to
give a shout out to everybody who took
the course on Saturday. Uh if you guys
don't know, I do options uh courses
where I teach people how to trade the
way I do. So you can make money on your
portfolio without having to sell any of
your shares. Um you know, unless you
want to sell your shares. Uh but we do
it so you don't have to because I'm a
long-term buy and hold investor. I'm
essentially all in in Tesla. So I'm not
here just to give away my shares uh
willy-nilly just because I'm trying to
uh trade options on it. But I teach
people how to make 1 to 4% per month on
their portfolio. So, if you have a
million-doll portfolio, that means $10
to $40,000 per month on your portfolio
without having to sell your shares. It's
a long course. I'm not going to lie.
It'll be anywhere from 6 to 12 hours. I
stay on till last questions answered. We
hang out at the end. Just kind of, you
know, talk shop, talk Tesla, talk
whatever. But, uh, the goal is to teach
you everything I know, everything that I
do. I It's no guru BS or anything like
that. I'm here teaching you how to fish
so that you guys don't need me. Uh,
that's the whole idea. Again, if you
want to sign up, links down below. I
will say uh July is the next course that
I have going on. Uh after July, I am
probably going to raise prices uh on the
actually not probably, I'm going to
raise prices, uh on the options crash
course. So, if you want in on the
current prices, sign up now for the July
one. Lock it in. And there's also not a
lot of spots left. Uh not only because
it's filling up fast, but also because
I'm putting a little fewer spots in it
just because it's kind of like summer
hours. So, I kind of want to shrink it
down a little bit. All right. Anyways,
so where do we go from here now? Because
we are in an interesting inflection
point with the markets. We've got
Wednesday, we got uh Kevin Wars. He's
going to talk for the first time
essentially the paradigm that we have
for this new Fed and kind of how he's
going to try to steer the influence of
the Federal Reserve, which really is
going to be a lot different than what
Jerome Pal did, right? Kevin Wars
believes that the Fed should be quieter,
that they shouldn't be out doing all
these interviews. He believes that uh
the Fed should have less influence, you
know. So, this is going to be very
fascinating to see how he lays out his
vision and it could be something that
could either scare the markets or propel
the markets to higher levels, you know,
77, 78, even 8,000.
My opinion, I think the market's going
to celebrate Kevin Worsh. Tom Lee
believes that he's probably going to get
challenged by the markets. 10 out of the
last 14 new Federal Reserves, they get
challenged by the markets. And that's
why Tom Lee is still adamant that we're
going to see a bare market or it's going
to feel like a bare market type pullback
where he's going to get challenged. I
don't think that's going to be the case.
I I again like this. How stupid am I?
I'm sitting here betting against Tom
Lee, but here we are. This is this is
this is life. This is we got to be
honest with ourselves. I'm just giving
you my honest take here. Now, when it
comes to uh uh Tom Lee and his
prediction, the reason I don't agree
with it is because I think that people
are tired of Jerome Pal and the way he
was doing things. I think people are
tired of having to hang on the every
word from the Federal Reserve. I get
that. And I think Kevin War is just
going to be a bit of a breath of fresh
air. The other thing to be aware of is
that we keep talking about inflation.
However, inflation's kind of a weird
thing right now because one, we it's
influenced by oil. So, we obviously know
that and the market knows that and
that's why the market hasn't really sold
off. So, that's one. But number two, we
kind of need inflation right now.
Inflation is arguably controlled.
Inflation is the best thing right now
for the government and for our national
debt. Let me explain. Let's say that you
bought a house for, I don't know,
$300,000. Okay? And let's say you bought
that house back in, I don't know, 2000.
Well, when you bought it in 2000, you
might have felt like, oh man, $300,000,
that's a lot for a house. you know,
maybe you have a uh a monthly mortgage
with taxes, insurance, everything
included at $2,000 a month. Right now,
here we are in 2026 and now the average
house is like4 $500,000.
And now the average, I think, payment
for a mortgage all in maybe is like
$3,000, maybe like $3,500.
So, what's interesting about this is now
you probably feel like, man, I can't
give up this house. Look how much I paid
for it. It's a deal now. But don't
forget back in 2020 when you bought that
house, you might have felt a little
stretched. And that's the same thing
with US government. You see, when we
inflate the prices of everything else
and we print more dollars, we're able to
pay down that fixed old debt with
cheaper, less valuable dollars. And so
that makes that now $300,000 house you
have feel less important or less um it
it covers it it's less of a portion of
your total net worth, right? So your net
worth continues to climb even if it's in
inflated dollars because it's put into
assets and you know you're saving,
you're making more because you get paid
more for your job, all that, right? And
then as a as a proportion of your total
assets, your total net worth, your debt
is actually lower now. Whereas before
maybe it was 30% of your net worth. Now
it's down here to 20%. So that's the
same thing. As we print more money, as
we have slight inflation, we're the US
government's able to bring in more tax
revenue, right? They're able to print
more money and they're able to sell more
bonds, right? Everything, you know,
happens uh in a cyclical way. And as
long as they can control it, then all of
a sudden what they're bringing in is
essentially at a higher level in
proportionality.
Wow, that's gonna sound stupid because
I'm not editing any of this. In
proportionality, it's going to be a lot.
It's a lot higher what they're bringing
in in relation to the debt they have.
Now, of course, they still need to get
the debt in order there. The the annual
deficit, we got to get that in order
because it keeps climbing. So that's not
sustainable either. So something's got
to give here. And don't forget when it
comes to things like social security,
social security will have uh colas, cost
of living adjustments. I think that's
what it stands for. Cost of living
adjustments. So people who have social
security, those will get adjusted. Now
they're not exactly adjusted in the most
fair way. Uh but they still get
adjusted. So you know it's it's not
exactly apples to apples the way I
described it, but that's the idea is to
inflate our debt away. So the Fed's in a
weird spot. US government's in a weird
spot and honestly everybody around here
it's in a weird spot because we want to
get rid of our debt. No one wants to
make any cuts. You know, you've got the
Democrats that don't want to cut any of
the entitlements. You've got the
Republicans who don't want to cut
anything from the military. And you have
Democrats and Republicans. None of them
are willing to do the hard thing and
just say, "Hey, we out." Like if they
all just did a 5% cut across everything,
you know how much that would help? We we
might actually be flat on our deficit.
It's kind of crazy. But nobody has the
political willpower or the gumption to
do that. So it's not going to get done.
So if we know that, what else can we do?
Inflate the debt away. And
unfortunately, that's not good because
we don't like to have inflation because
guess what? that hurts the lower uh the
lower bracket when it uh lower uh people
on the lower end of the tax bracket,
lower end of the income ladder and it
hurts them the most. That's just the
truth. Wealthy people will have their
money in assets so they'll be able to
keep up with the rate of inflation. But
the people on the lower end, they don't
have that disposable income, so they're
not putting into assets. So guess what?
They get left it to dry. And then it all
goes back to politics, right? So the
Republicans blame Biden for everything
9% inflation. Now you have the Democrats
acting like they have amnesia, blaming
the Republicans for 3 and 1 half 4%
inflation. And this this will just go
back and back and forth. And those who
don't understand how any of this works
and the why behind it, they are going to
continue to uh vote for the other party
that they think, oh no, it's their
fault. Oh no, it's their fault. And it's
just back and forth. And that's what
that's politics, right? It's it's trying
to pander and trying to confuse and uh
always point the finger to the other
person uh in order to get votes.
Unfortunately, that's the state of our
country. It's embarrassing. It's uh not
good. It's it's horrible economic
hygiene, but it's where we're at. And as
long as you understand this, you know
what to do. And what you need to do, not
financial advice, but my non-financial
advice advice is make sure you have your
money in assets because at the end of
the day, every extra dollar that's
printed is going to boost up the asset
class. And the asset classes that are
going to get the boost up the most will
be in the stock market. I don't think
it'll be housing anymore. Uh housing
will continue to do well. I think I
think we're going to have a really good
uh spring summer season here, but really
being in the stock market is where you
want to be. In fact, they should switch
over social security to be invested into
the stock market. It's just so stupid
that we don't have that right now. But
so yeah, so anyways, Wednesday is going
to be very interesting. It's going to be
interesting to see if Kevin Worse even
addresses any of this, how he talks
about inflation, how he talks about oil.
Um it's just going to be fascinating to
watch. Um one way or another,
something's happening on Wednesday and
I'm not going to be trading too much. Uh
I told you I literally read out all the
stocks. I have I have trades on Micron
SanDisk. Uh and in case you're
wondering, yeah, I got back into Micron
after I said I was out. Uh that's Hi,
welcome to trading. Um I've got Tesla
on. Uh as you can imagine, I've got
Bloom Energy. Uh so, and it's funny
enough, you know, I was telling you
guys, I'm leaving my Bloom Energy. I'm
leaving my uh leaving my Bloom Energy,
leaving my Tesla, leaving my Nvidia. And
now looks like my Tesla I might have to
roll it up to keep it in the money so I
get the shares. my Bloom Energy, I might
have to roll it up uh to keep it in the
money so I get the shares and same with
Nvidia. So, it's funny how life works
like that. Um, but hey, that's what
happens when you get a big peace deal
and we, you know, have a good SpaceX IPO
and the market thinks, hey, there's not
so much risk anymore and hey, this AI
stuff is real. It's not BS. and people
start to realize we're not in the dotcom
bubble and that this is a era with the
AI bubble that people keep talking
about, but it's not a bubble. If it's a
bubble, it's a bubble filled with cement
because it's very grounded in real
earnings, in real capital efficiency
with real revenue and real value being
added and real productivity coming out
of it. Make no mistake, data centers are
not a commodity right now. data centers
are a a musthave and they're they're you
know if you look at Micron Micron is
doing so well right now because there's
a supply demand imbalance. There's not
enough supply to keep up the demand.
Same with data centers. There's not
enough supply of data centers. They
can't ramp ramp them up fast enough.
They can't get the equipment. People
don't even have to know how to do this
fast enough with the world's best GPUs
out there. And so guess what? If Google
renting from Elon Musk, you know, the
guy who created OpenAI to go against uh
Bren uh the founders of Google uh
because they were talking about uh you
know, being or Elon there being called
him specious or something, whatever the
story is. But funny enough, the whole
reason that Elon started Open AI, those
people are now renting from Elon. And
who else is renting from from Elon? Oh
yeah, Anthropic. You know the company
that said XAI had to stop using cloud
code. Yeah. Because they're a
competitor. Oh, guess what? Well, now
you're renting from them, right? So,
it's funny how this happens, but that
just shows you the scarcity that we have
out here in the market for data centers.
Not only does it show you the scarcity,
it shows you the level of demand that
you have these rivals or enemies now
working together. So, it's quite
comical, you know, and but signal.
That's what it is. It's signal. It tells
you Micron, Sandis, Dell, HP, Nvidia, uh
all all these all all these companies
who might have not been considered the
sexy smart money moves, they are and
they will be for for quite some time
now. I do think that you're still going
to see volatility in all these names.
You're going to see them jump up 100,
$200, $300 and then drop hard, right?
you're going to see this type of action,
but it's going to be part of the cycle
moving forward. It's just where we're at
right now. And I think there's a lot
more capacity has to be brought online.
And the funny thing is there's so many
people fighting against this and it is
just insane. People are just fighting
things for no reason. People hear a
narrative. They hear some talking points
that they hear online or on Fox or on
CNN or CNBC or or CNB uh MSNBC and then
they regurgitate it without knowing what
they're talking about. You hear people
talking about, "Oh, they're destroying
wildlife. Oh, they're taking all the
water from us. Oh, they're using all of
our power sources. Oh, they have dirty
energy." All that. Like, it's just on
and on. And most of that is just not
true. It's just not true. These people
haven't gone in. They haven't done the
research. They haven't even looked at
where they're uh building these data
centers. They haven't even thought about
what type of prosperity it will bring
in. It's funny, we on one hand, we hear
people talking about, oh, income
inequality, income inequality. It's
like, okay, great. We're going to build
a data center here so that we can hire a
lot of people for very high uh good
paying jobs. Oh no, but we can't do that
because now here's another issue that we
have. It's just issue after issue. No
one talks about solutions, at least not
in the government. the solutions. Those
are the entrepreneurs. And that's why we
got to make sure that good allocation of
capital sticks with the entrepreneurs,
with the doers, the builders, the people
who put money at risk and get rewarded
for it. That's the problem with the
government. They don't have to put money
at risk. They don't have to put their
own neck out there on risk or at risk.
And so, they have no stake in the game.
And when you have no stake in the game,
you know, you you're not going to treat
it accordingly. It's I think it's the uh
what's it called? Um the law of the
commons or something like that. Uh so
anyways, I don't know where I'm going
with that. Well, listen everybody, I got
to go. I I hope um you enjoyed this.
Let's take a look at the markets one
more time here. Um and again, while I
pull this up, if you guys want to uh
sign up for the options crash course,
links down below. And if you took the
the opt uh the options crash course this
weekend or even previously, uh the zero
day course, you guys are qualified to
take that one. Links down there below as
well. the next zero days in August. I
did that intentionally. It's at the end
of August so that you know everyone else
can have time to get done with the
course. Uh whether they just took it or
whether they take in July, they'll have
time to take it, let the material seep
in, uh understand it, go get some trades
on, get some experience, and then they
can still sign up for the zero day. So
that was kind of the idea behind that.
Anyways, let's look at the market now.
Okay. Oh man, SanDisk is doing good.
Nvidia is doing good. Tesla is at 409, a
little little below that 410. Tomorrow's
going to be an amazing day. Tomorrow,
this market is going up. I mean, barring
anything happening tonight. Uh, that's
crazy. But I don't think there's going
to be much crazy. If anything, I think
the crazy thing that's gonna happen
tonight is a really cool UFC fight at
the White House. So, with that said,
guys, I got to get going. I got lots of
things to do. I got to get this up and
then I got to go do all the things
that's causing me to have a Red Bull
energy at 900 PM on a Sunday. All right.
Thank you all. Love you all. Appreciate
your understanding and I'll talk to you
next time. Peace.