Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla and AI Stocks RECOVER This Week?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBO4eAZjgiE
Published:   2026-07-26 17:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-26 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

that all of you will see the first one
today here openly uh on the stream. This
is on pioneerlands.org.
We hope to have the new system up where
you get daily briefs and then a weekly
premium brief on the market, everything
that happened looking forward into the
next week across capital markets, AI
stocks, AGI technology updates and of
course politics as far as it touches
pioneer lens, the pioneers in our
future.
So what actually happened? You all know
we had a very tough week for everyone
who's into AI stocks from Google to
other Mac 7 to the semiconductors and of
course to Tesla that got unfortunately
completely slaughtered and we have to
take a look. So the headline basically
is we had heightened macro risks. A main
reason for the sell off was of course
the whole Iran thing that was cooking up
again. And even I who has normally high
convictions and my own convictions
because I formed them systematically and
said Trump has no way of escalating the
conflict. Even I took my confidence that
we will not see a revival of the Iran
war that we will not see an escalation.
I took my confidence down from 90% to
70%. That's how I much got scared. So I
basically said the Iran war is over. I
said it for a long time and I got so
scared last week that I said I put the
risk of escalation from 10% now up to
30%. So I got fooled like everyone else.
Still I said 70% chance nothing happens.
So market got very very scared. You see
that uh the fear and greet index that we
will now also depict in our capital
updates on pioneerlands.org.
That's the CNN fear and greed index.
Just a quick shortcut here on the
briefing. 39. We are in fear territory.
Weird situation. Market at all-time
highs. But the market is also very
scared and a lot of capital is on the
sidelines because of it. So that
happened and of course we start here
with Tesla getting slaughtered after
earnings on higher capex and no robo
taxi updates. Revenue beat at 28.2
billion but EPS missed actually pretty
badly 33 cents against 50 cents expected
and the market punish the spend rather
than the growth.
There is actually some very interesting
uh posts
uh on X. Who did this post? I don't even
know who it was, but it showed that
Tesla is actually I think AJ. It was AJ
at absolute all-time highs. Uh here you
have the post. I think I can share that.
That's not a premium post. Uh AJ
was friendly enough to share that little
overview here that shows you Tesla is
actually at a trailing 12 months
operating cash flow maximum over its
entire
history. And in case you're not familiar
with what that is, operating cash flow
is the cash flow, the actual cash
generated by the business before capex.
So all the stuff that comes out of the
business into operations into the uh
treasury of the company the cash that
comes in before we account for
investments for capital expenditures is
now increased another 13.1%. 12 months
trailing
so to $18.7 billion. So that's the
amount of money that Tesla gets into the
coffers. Let that sink in. That is the
amount of money it gets into the
company. 18.7 billion from all the stuff
it's doing. That's pretty amazing.
That's a lot of cash. Of course, most of
that then goes out into investments.
Actually, all of it they decrease the
balance sheet a little bit. But these
are all investments into Optimus
factories into robo taxi scaling, cyber
cap scaling and terra and so on and so
forth. But why do you invest in growth?
Because you will have growth. So this is
actually incredibly bullish in my
opinion uh for the stock but the stock
got absolutely destroyed. We can take a
quick look here if you can stomach it.
One look back at this terrible terrible
week
313 absolutely ridiculous. But we also
know that this was um that this was a
larger crash for the entire market at
least the AI game and lots of other
stocks stocks also suffered. Look at for
example I think even am let's let's look
at Amazon not even earnings but when you
look at the 5day look at this this is
the same day when Tesla crash and you
saw the entire market crash even stocks
like Amazon with no earnings reported
crash like crazy uh we see we saw all
kinds of you know AI related stocks this
new interface is so annoying Robin Hood
for example look at this complete
slaughter also without any specific
news, but all of them got absolutely
destroyed. And then Micron of all stocks
that actually did pretty well in the
earnings calls from Google and from
Tesla uh benefited
benefited from what Google said about it
that they are spending and that Elon
actually mentioned Micron Technologies.
He was grateful that they got special
allocations and guarantees for Micron
HDM RAM. So they got a shout out in the
earnings call from Tesla and still the
stock
after going up here after the earnings
call got completely destroyed on Friday.
Why? No one knows. Of course the Cosby
is down, Korea is down like every second
day. It's just crazy. The market is
incredibly negative, incredibly insanely
negative. And you know that these stocks
PE ratio of 20 that's micron but forward
PE of six now six to seven or seven. So
crazy low valuations for the entire AI
play and of course that is also
applicable for Tesla. So what does it
all tell us? Of course Google dropped 7%
micron got destroyed. uh one important
aspect
of this entire thing is and I shared
this on X is that we are still in a
massive capex buildout for AI that we
are seeing massive massive expansions of
further investments. Google amping up
their investments to 200 billion capex
this year. Why? because they have 500
billion in backlog orders for their
cloud systems all AI related GPUs 500
billion in backlog for Google and Google
cannot deliver the goods because they
don't have enough data centers up and
running which means they need to invest
and that's why they're investing $200
billion this year to actually work
through that $500 billion revenue
backlog $500 billion that wants to be
given to Google that's ordered.
So why would you drop the stock if you
have 500 billion in backlog orders and
you invest 200 billion to unlock that
stuff? No one knows. The market doesn't
know but they're selling it anyway. One
of the reasons just to address that
that where there is a risk especially
for the main beneficiaries Nvidia Micron
SKH highix the semiconductors
one reason for them to be a little
jittery even though they are super low
valuation right now is something like
this that what I that's what I found
here on X uh from ticker trends and this
curve shows you the anthropic the claude
maker enthropic
ARR
the annual run rate $74 billion
but the growth is decelerating and
that's what I predicted some time ago
that we will see clear deceleration of
growth for the AI spend on enterprise
especially anthropic because it went
absolutely parabolic in Q1 of this year
which means the enterprise clients S&amp;P
500 large enterprises they are saying
give the million millions of dollars,
hundreds of millions of dollars, spend
them all on tokens. Token max your hell
out the hell out of it. And of course,
they are pulling back at some point
because it's kind of stupid to do that.
And there is no way around the fact that
we will see a deceleration and growth
for Claude and Enthropic just tactically
because Enterprise went all in and
they're stupid. they shouldn't spend
that much on tokens which will distort
or stop the exponential growth of
anthropic and when that leaks to Wall
Street that's inevitably going to happen
that will create a mini shock because
you know how these people are they're
not using their brain too much they're
going to say oh my god AI is
decelerating sell everything this means
the stop of capex that means the main
spender the main pull for this demand
the main people who go to Google and
have created this 500 $100 billion
backlog. The main people who go to
SpaceX anthropic uh and and buy SpaceX
capacity. Oh, these people will now not
grow anymore. They will pull back which
has a ripple effect. Then no one does
capex anymore. Blah blah blah. This is
going to happen at some point when this
this data leaks in in earnest a little
bit more. Of course, it's fake news. Of
course, this at some point the growth
will accelerate again. We see massive
revolutions on the AI side all the time,
but Wall Street doesn't care. They want
a sell off when they can get one. And so
they will panic sell everything and then
it will take three months or two months,
maybe 45 days to get back when this
news, the fake news is getting washed
out of the system. So that is a
potential risk, a little AI shock that
awaits us. So we need to be know
cognizant of that. I don't know when
this leaks and when they think this is
happening. We can just predict it is
happening and at some point it will leak
and then they want to panic and want to
sell everything and that will be a giant
buying opportunity. But it's important
not to be in that trade at that point in
time.
So that's happening. Then we will look
quickly here at the macro situation.
Iran. Of course, the Iran escalation
fear this week led to oil going nearly
to 100, ending the week at $90 per
barrel and 10-year treasuries very
scarily close to the 5% kill threshold,
right? You you do not want the 10-year
Treasury, the bonds over 5%. That's just
extremely bad for everything. You want
this below 4% ideally, but we are far
away from below 4% because of this Iran
and panic situation.
So that is not a good picture and that
was the main reason in my opinion that
there was pressure on the markets. Now
with a potential relaxation that
everyone who knows a little bit about
Trump predicted, oh yeah, it's going to
be another taco. He and I said more
strategically, you just cannot escalate
the Iran situation. it would be the end
of the economy because Iran is ready to
retaliate all over the place and
everyone is a sitting duck at this point
and they have rearmed a lot in this
break phase. So they have just I think
uh further strengthened their grip on
the situation and attacking them would
be just a very bad idea. And that is why
I still had a 70% chance on
non-escalation and that means now we
have a surprise upside when this thing
comes out that Trump says oh they want
to negotiate we stop the attacks which
they did over the weekend. No one knows
what happens next, but
reason would at least suggest that this
cannot escalate, which means oil goes
down, treasuries go down again, market
goes up again.
Can we be sure? Of course not. But more
likely than not.
Let's wrap it up here with the last
little fact that's all in the brief that
you can't get right now because the site
isn't up yet, but hopefully tomorrow we
have the new
little connection issue here. So, we
have these retail flows. Isn't that very
interesting? So, here you see the net
retail flows. uh and you see that
they're as low as they have ever been
over the last five years. This is retail
net flows. Okay. Uh US retail net flow
index into stocks which is pretty
fascinating. So retail is in disarray.
Here's 2026
went up in Q1. I don't know why I want
everyone about Q1. And they invested
into April or something. here is
probably April and then there was the
April problems. Here was the Iran war,
right? February, April. So that started
probably here and you see retail going
down and down and down and now it's
actually as low as it was in 2020 in the
pandemic. So what that what does it
mean? Retail is retreating from the
market. They got a bloody nose. They
lost a lot of money
and uh now the money is sitting on the
sidelines. We also know
a lot of things about institutions also
being very scared. They think the market
is overvalued. They have pushed the
money out of the market into the
sidelines. So both retail and
institutional are very cautious right
now. And you see the fear and greed
index here. This is all actually pretty
bullish
because if the money is out of the
market, where's it going to go? And that
means for me, even though everyone is
extremely scared right now, everyone is
going to say, "Oh, the the world's
looking very bad. Oh, we have a
correction coming and everything." You
know the old rule, if everyone is
scared, the market cannot crash.
So, can the market crash? The market can
always crash. You have to be cautious.
But when I take a step back here,
fundamentally, we had a very bad time.
Everyone had a bad time.
I think we are probably closer to a
tactical bottom than we are to more sell
off. Of course, you have to be very
cautious. It's not that I don't feel the
fear, but my brain, my frontal cortex
tells me maybe the situation is actually
more bullish than people think, at least
tactically, and we might see another
rally for the market
into Q4. And if that happens, okay, then
we are setting up for a crash, of
course, for potential correction. But if
not, as long as this really doesn't
happen, I do not think you can sell off
forever, especially at historically low
valuations. Do I have this in here?
Maybe we have to talk about this. Yes,
this is the last thing I want to cover.
We have historically low valuations when
you look at price to earnings growth
ratios. So this is when you actually
take price earnings and you actually
divide it by five year forward consensus
earnings growth and which means you are
not just looking at price earnings ratio
of the entire market. You look at how
price earnings actually relate to the
growth expected in the future. And some
of the stocks are just ridiculous.
Micron is at 0.19
and everything be below a one is
actually good. And you see historically
we have never had such a low valuation
when you take price earnings and divide
it by forward earnings. Which means how
expensive is the market? How much do you
actually pay for companies in relation
to their current price and in relation
to their expected earnings? And the
answer is we were never that cheap in
the last 30 years. Never that cheap.
Which is pretty crazy. And that is the
paradox of the entire AI market right
now. Everyone talks about a bubble when
in reality we are not just not in a
bubble. We are in an anti-bubble. We are
as cheap on the valuation side as we
have ever been, especially on the AI
stocks. Isn't that interesting? So I
understand why people are nervous. It
feels incredibly risky out there. It
feels dangerous.
All I know is when everyone is afraid,
crashes are much less likely. And I also
know that the AI bubble talk is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard. It's
definitely not a bubble. It's exactly
the opposite. So that is my take for
now. Let's see
what we have today on this beautiful
Sunday.
And I know I froze. I had like a hiccup
in the connection, but I'm back.
So, let's scroll all the way up and see.
Orion Spiller short interest is up.
Exactly. That's another bullish
indicator. First, second, politically
incorrect. Droid. Hi, Joe. Hello
everyone. Greetings into the world
wherever you are from
San Jose to San Diego to Norway to
Australia.
Good morning, Joe from Abatuki. Where is
it again? That's in Arizona.
Montgomery next year must trademark this
phrase because he uses it so much
Roy equals pain.
Uh Google is an absolute buy right now.
Exactly. But I mean many things are
absolute buy. Amazon is an absolute buy.
Micron is an absolute buy. Nvidia is an
absolute buy. I think Tesla is an
absolute buy.
Uh crypto practor says nobody discussing
the Japanese carry trade unwinding. It's
happening.
Yes, but it's too predictable in my
opinion. I think people are discussing
it. So I'm you know it's very hard for
these big macro moves to uh same with
the ch Chinese stock market crashing.
You know how much of the signal is you
always have to consider if it's that
visible like what happens in Japan. I
mean how can that be a secret? It's
probably priced in.
Andreas Peterson says, "Yes, for Tesla
tanking so I tomorrow can buy more
shares." Seven Tesla shares coming right
up. Exactly. Exactly. Says, "Even I
getting tired of Trump. I was a clear
Trump supporter in the election because
I saw Camala, the the spectre coming."
And so it was the rational decision to
support Trump. But what Trump is doing
now is just
not good. Uh what's your prediction on
Tesla over the next couple of weeks?
Tanks further bottoming or snap back. Uh
so politically incorrect. We have to
understand that the whole Tesla
situation is a little less special than
it seems. Uh Amazon is the best example.
Amazon didn't even have earnings and
Amazon looked exactly not exactly like
Tesla, but for Amazon, look at this
crazy drop 4% down the day Tesla
dropped. So
I think Tesla is overrated. Uh the moves
of Tesla as a specific stock specific
thing. It is a market specific thing. So
it will depend what the market does.
Uh
Google is an absolute buy also. Yes.
John J says, "Joe, you're an intelligent
man, but after the inflection point, I
can't take you seriously anymore." What
inflection point? Tesla has been a
horrible investment over the last four
years.
Uh well over the last four years
actually not that horrible. Um it has
been terrible over the last five I
think. Um but don't forget we have this
market problem here and Tesla just got a
little creamed. It's true after earnings
but it's really not Tesla specific. You
know the same thing happened to Google.
So you need to take take a step back and
see that as a market total problem.
that will not last forever. I think we
are really pushing the boundaries of how
low this market can go, including Tesla.
Uh, infinite hope. How much does do your
Pineeland service cost you? Well, we
have two tiers.
We had a long discussion if you should
increase prices, but I said no because
we have big plans for Pineland. So, we
have $9 per month. That is very
affordable. $9 per month for all the new
briefs and all the premium services
except for financial models. That's $49
a month if you want to get access to the
financial models because we put a lot of
work into that. So, we need to make that
a little bit more expensive. Um, but
we're also working very hard on some
things that are not so capital
markets centric where it's more about
building the future and building the
network. I have some surprises.
This took a long time to figure that
out. But I think it's going to be very
interesting because we can't just talk
about money. We have to talk about the
future of AI. We have to talk about
what's happening with X with Elon. Did
you see the interview, Elon's interview
on the Economist? I will pull that up.
That's worth a watch. A lot of huge
things are happening between politics,
capital markets, and the AI revolution.
And
we need to get a little prepared here.
Economist. Let me pull this up so you
see what's happening.
The full economist interview. I will
keep it.
It's always too loud, but we will let
this run. So we have some
uh we have some inspiration here while
we talk.
So replace Trump with AOC. Great for the
market socialism. Who says we want to
replace Trump with AOC? No one says
that. Everyone is mad at Trump. It's a
huge disappointment. But of course,
you have no choice. You can't like
there's always something worse,
you know. So that's the problem.
Hello from Aussie in Vietnam. Wow. Aies
in Vietnam. Greetings to Vietnam.
Our Tuk Taki is not a city. It's
actually in Phoenix.
It's in It's in Phoenix. What is our
tuki? Tucky. Is that so? It's a sub Is
it a suburb of Phoenix?
Interesting.
Exactly. Says Google is up 137% in the
last 5 years. Tesla is up 37%. During
the same time, yes, Google did better.
Nvidia is up much more. There's always
something better.
Uh, so we are doing that. So, have you
seen that interview? That was like quite
the thing. Elon absolutely creamed these
people
uh and was pretty wild what was
happening there
skyline
embarrassed to admit it. Yeah. So
that's actually happening.
So on Pioneer Lens, uh this is actually
on plot design.
We have
a whole new
thing coming up here
uh on Pioneer Lands. A whole new nice
little landing page.
You should definitely join this thing.
This is going to be a revolution when we
are done. Here's the new landing page.
You're not logged in. The AI
transformation is imminent,
which I truly believe. Take the future
into your own hands. This is our little
pitch. We have the weekly briefing. We
have investment research. We have the
AGI Academy. That's my biggest time
commitment here. I'm working on building
for you guys the whole academy out,
which will be fully accessible to the
citizens,
which is the $9 per month thing. I we
need some revenue here. I need to pay a
lot of people. And uh the AGI academy
will basically tell the whole story. The
whole story what is happening including
the matrix. I will talk about the matrix
and I will talk about the pioneers and
pine lens. And we were building this
operating system for the future. This is
your money AGI system drought. People
some people criticize me for the name
because they can't pronounce it but it's
called Drop. It's your your own agentic
AI system. You can actually if you're a
member you can already see it. Um and we
will have your network. This is probably
the biggest innovation.
Let's see how you guys like it. We can
build very cool things now. The network
is totally overhauled.
Uh and that is very good
here. Marave good job. Keep the faith
and your point of view coming. Yeah, I'm
I always feel bad. my cave. I'm very
grateful to all the citizens. We have
still a lot of citizens, over 100, even
though I let you guys down a little bit
with all these delays, but it's because
I need I I'm actually committing a lot
of time on the back end and thinking
about how can I tell this amazing crazy
story we are in and it's becoming more
and more public publicly debated
actually, which is crazy that we live
through completely insane times. and
Elon is saying that a lot of people are
saying it but they're all confused about
the plan and so it's up to us to make a
little bit of a plan.
Uh we need to start building our own
networks. It's very important because
some pretty wild things might be
happening very soon in the next three
years and that's not just a good thing.
Uh and it's really important that good
people who are normal good people who
are competent and normal but not power
hungry maniacs and not incompetent
people. So I'm talking about the main
people who are carrying our countries
like you guys. We have to actually give
ourselves a little bit more power to
also have a say uh in this whole thing
that's happening. And to have a say in
something is actually much easier than
people think. You know, if you're
sitting in a little town or village in
Sweden or in Germany or in Australia or
in Ohio or wherever in Arizona
or in Vietnam as an Aussie,
you actually have you are only one step
away from having much more power. And
that power happens when people connect
and coordinate.
That is the most underrated way of
getting into true power. and we will
need some power collectively otherwise
people will do stupid stuff and Trump
that's why I'm still thinking Trump is a
good choice as president because he
makes everything much more clear we are
also seeing it in the EU unraveling a
lot of things it is important that
normal healthy people
actually have more power and you get
more power by getting better organized
with other normal people and have a set
of basic values where we align ourselves
on very agreeable values like freedom
for example sovereignty
money what about that and start
coordinating ourselves a little bit more
and that is the point of the network
I've I have one central organizing
principle there that I will present
maybe in the next week I hope next week
latest next Sunday and we'll get your
opinion on it it's kind of a
civilizational organizational theory
that could be very important
could be very important and could be
very effective.
Um, politically incorrect. How did your
Tesla alpha do after this huge drop? As
you know, because I said it, so we were
nearly not affected. I was actually
green on that day because I completely
minimized. I said it before the earnings
call. If you watched my video before the
earnings call on Wednesday, I said I'm a
little bit out of here. I went into
Micron, which was very good. I got then
a little slaughtered on Friday, by the
way, because of Micron, but not even
close to what I would have been with
Tesla. I had a bad feeling about this
whole thing. Technicals look bad and
everything. So, that drop was not a
problem for me. Uh, June was a little
tough.
Droid says, "Thanks for the pioneer
opportunity, Joe. I'm glad you took the
initiative and I hope we will be able to
connect and get something moved
forward." Thank you, Droid. I'm very
like I'm super grateful to you guys
because you have to understand my
mindset. I'm like very I have these
plans and then I need to I need to
implement the whole thing which is not
always easy and then I feel I
let you guys down because it's taking so
long but what are you going to do? And
we are making tremendous progress. So
I'm super grateful for everyone who's
sticking with it and understands we
don't really have a choice. We need to
do something and my job is to provide a
platform both on YouTube and X but also
more importantly on Pinelands that
finally gets us a little bit better
organized. And then we have to see what
people are actually up for, right? What
how much action does everyone want to
take? Uh we're going to build little
tribes. I give you away some some little
hints. I have a tribe theory
and
uh and I think that's going to be
potentially very big and it's not just
you know it's really about understanding
this age of AGI it's understanding all
the things that are happening it's
asking questions here I I will show you
more this is right now in cloud design
but it's coming P lens home. Is that the
new one?
Let's see.
That's the new one.
Yeah. And you will have here the
questions are much better organized now.
I can make this bigger. Questions are
better organized now. You can actually
ask me the questions that I'm answering
here. That got a little here. This is
now very easy to see. This will be the
new homepage. and uh the academy here
this comes soon the network comes
probably next week and then here's
drought near AI your agentic system
here's your money here's the forum and
here will be the videos and X so this
will be a very cool interface here's the
weekly brief that leads you to what we
just discussed that's right here
so you see this is the new situation
that will be live hopefully tomorrow and
then the academy will be
the crown jewel or the network. Who
knows how it turns out.
Um,
okay. What else do we have here?
Richard Thomas, in London when they
built the Docklands light railway, there
was a lots of trouble because they
wanted automated. So, do you think
industrial action will make AI
difficult?
I don't understand the exact question,
Richard. In London when they built the
Dockland light railway there was lots of
trouble because they want it automated.
Do you think industrial action will make
AI difficult? I don't totally understand
the question. With wealth Tesla will
start rallying soon after SpaceX
earnings.
How will the merger drama settle with
wealth?
Sir Jeffrey, talk to me. Joe,
how can I talk to you? What should I
talk about? Hit the like button. That's
the most important comment.
Yes, hit the like button. So,
yeah, look at this. We will have all
that coming up. And the network, I hope
the network is the most important thing.
How can we make the pioneers in Pioneer
Land start networking with each other
and building real things on the ground?
Maybe even events. We could do events.
Think about that and talk about all
these things maybe in person. What about
that?
Jonas doesn't exist. I made him up. So,
that is all happening. And you probably
also saw that Grock 4.5, as I predicted
it would be, is actually a huge success.
And of course, Elon is now doubling down
and says Grock 4.6 and 4.7 are coming
out very soon. Here,
look at this. Grog 4.6 in two weeks. and
Grock 4.7 and four weeks and normally
Elon is correct on the timelines with
these things. So mid of August we have
Grock 4.6 already and then Grock 4.7 in
four weeks and you see the paro frontier
you see here the score the power of the
AI and here you see the average cost per
dollar per roll out and you see that
Grock is at the paro frontier. So the
frontier basically means what is the
best thing and fable 5 is a total
failure on that front now with way too
expensive but OPU 5 is pushing it. Opus
5 seems to be very good and Grock is
actually above that frontier,
right? It's not as good as OP 5, but
it's much cheaper.
That's how that's how it looks like
here. What do you recommend buying
today? Should we still hold over on
SpaceX for the fall? Yes.
here. I am not bullish on SpaceX even
though it dropped so much. But you have
to understand SpaceX's valuation
is still way too high. Even though I am
convinced based on our research, we are
putting it into research briefs right
now.
Maybe one more week and we will have a
bunch of research briefs with indepth
deep dives on Colossus built out and
when the timeline actually becomes real.
So if they launch Colossus three, two
and three, they might be able to get
much higher EBIT this year and that can
flip SpaceX from 500 price earnings to
50 price earnings
if you take in consideration the new
earnings coming in and the stock price
drop. So SpaceX is now definitely
getting into interesting territory, but
the unlocks are coming. Still huge
amounts of share unlocks. So the selling
pressure is just very high on this
thing.
Uh politically incorrect. Did you buy
any Tesla buying after the huge drop?
No, I'm staying also off Tesla for now.
Of course, I have a little core
position, but reduced core position
because not so much because I think
Tesla is not hot, but there are just so
many other hot stocks.
That's why you need the research. So,
Tesla is attractive, but other stuff is
even more attractive. So, it's important
to stay in Tesla at the core position.
But
if the market recovers, of course, Tesla
will recover, but other stocks might
recover even more. So, I think Tesla is
a musthave for a core AI portfolio, but
we know Roboaxi will be a little
delayed. It seems from what Elon said.
And
it might get more attractive in the
future. And attractive is not just if
the stock drops more. I don't know if it
drops more because it dropped too much.
It's about when we get closer to an
inflection point. I'm getting a little
less bullish on an imminent inflection
point. imminent meaning in the next
couple of weeks for cyber cap based on
what Elon said.
Okay. Richard Thomas said I meant will
industrial action slow AI development
when people are losing their jobs.
No,
I think the cat is out of the bag. You
can't even slow AI development and you
can't slow the implementation at this
point. Even if you would slow AI now,
there is like a tail, right? So based on
the AI we have now, you could go on with
massive improvements and massive job
replacements displacements over the next
two years. Exponential job displacements
even if you would freeze the frontier
labs because there is a giant lag
between what a model can do frontier
models and what the harnesses and the
other engineering stuff can do with this
level of model for replacing jobs. So
this is coming.
Um
Ken says, "We are showing oversold on
daily time frame. You guys think we will
be green after hours." What do you mean
after hours? You mean tomorrow?
You're referring to Micron. I imagine
we're coming. Well, Micron,
Google, Amazon, but also Nvidia. Look at
in Nvidia is ready to rally in my
opinion.
Uh, Yensen Huang just said that Optimus
is the future. Well, you have to
understand Yensen Huang's psychology or
not psychology, strategy. Yenang is very
smart. He just signed his letter for
making everything open source. Yensuang
has one objective and that's to make and
keep Nvidia
big
and
uh that means he has to be friendly to
everyone. They are huge customers.
Tesla, of course, he says Tesla is
amazing. He says OpenAI is amazing. He
says everyone is amazing. That's his
job. He is the cheerleader for everyone.
Um he said he also said that Tesla will
be a multi-trillion dollar company. Of
course, of course Tesla will be a multi-
trillion. I mean there's no doubt that
the question is not if Tesla is a good
buy. Of course Tesla is a screaming buy
right now. The question is is it the
best buy and how does it how does it
compare to Micron? How does it compare
to Amazon? How does it compare to
Google? I hate Google, but Google is
gonna be good. Uh, how does it compare
to Nvidia? And when you look at these, I
mean, look at I think Micron is just
insane. What's happening there?
Ken says, I think it will start too.
Tesla stock will increase tomorrow.
Well, I think I mean everything we have
seen so far, the market, Trump, Iran,
I mean it all looks like a very green
day tomorrow and if that's the case, all
these stocks will go up a lot. You know,
you know my kind of little uh selection.
I think SpaceX will be the weakest if
they go up, but Tesla is a total
candidate for a big big
V-shaped recovery. Micron even bigger
candidate V-shaped recovery. Um so I
mean that's what I mean like do you
think what is more likely Micron being
up 5% on Monday or Tesla? Of course
Micron is more likely but likely Micron
was down 6%
on Friday. So it's all relative.
Rocket Lab by the way Rocket Lab will be
included in the analysis in Pioneer
Lands for the Citizen Plus accounts.
Uh, Rocket Lab is also hot. Rocket Lab
got absolutely murdered in conjunction
with SpaceX. When you look at space, the
industry and the stocks, they are moving
in unison. SpaceX is the leader and
SpaceX got destroyed, but everyone else
got also destroyed. So, they're moving
as a sector. Clearly,
uh, and this is the same question
exactly. The question is, will SpaceX
recover stronger or Rocket Lab discover
stronger? Hard to tell. I am not done
with Rocket Lab analysis, but Rocket Lab
is definitely also hot. But that's the
problem. Is Rocket Lab hotter than
Micron? Probably not. So, it's about
betting on the different sectors. We
have Tesla as its own sector. Then we
have semiconductors. I would make a
differentiation between Nvidia as the
best chip company, the safest bet in my
opinion versus the memory stocks. Then
we have Mac 7 where I think Amazon
is always the best buy better than
Google and Microsoft in my opinion. And
then we have of course Meta which is the
biggest the highest return highest risk
situation. I'm actually bullish
strategically on Meta. I think they have
an outstanding AI team underrated more
upside super low PE but Amazon is a of
course a safer bet.
Yeah, that's the problem. Corporates
hill
by buy everything. That's the problem.
That's actually what you need to do.
Leisure real estate, Tesla, Nvidia, BTC,
Soul, MU, AMD, Marvel, Broadcom,
Palenteer, Google, SpaceX.
Not the worst selection.
Would I push back on something? I don't
know too much about I don't I'm not too
sure on AMD to be honest.
Uh, do you have And I would replace
Google with Amazon
and I would not buy SpaceX yet. That's a
Yeah, leisure. But I mean I mean this is
definitely a good selection. I would
replace Saul with Ethereum.
But would I bet that Solana is not
outperforming Ethereum? No, of course
not. I don't know. I just think Ethereum
is a little safer. Uh, Tesla, yes.
Nvidia is BTC, yes. MU definitely as AMD
not sure.
Uh but I mean as part of the Marvel and
Broadcom thing sure Palanteer sure they
will not go out of business. Google
replaced with Amazon but Google is also
good. SpaceX I would not do right now. I
would wait.
SpaceX has no competition. That's true.
I'm not It's not about criticizing
SpaceX as a strategic stock. It's just
the entry point right now. I don't like
it. Tesla has no competition. That is
correct. Winning is not correct right
now, but will be correct in the future.
AMD is a beast.
Uh Leisure Real Estate ETH pump sold to
the moon. I don't even know what the
latest is is Ethereum. What's happening
over the weekend? SpaceX is dropping Fal
Falcon 9. I heard rocket lab Neutron got
an open window. I mean, Falcon 9 is not
going to get dropped anytime soon. Only
when Starship is really up and running,
which will take another year.
But
I mean, I'm bullish on the space sector.
There's always, you know, place for
number two. Rocket Lab definitely way
ahead of
Blue Origin. I mean, these people, I
don't even know why they're so slow.
Rocket Lab is a very cool company. It
was just a little highly valued, but now
it's getting better. So, that's the
situation. Uh, what else do we have?
Time to wrap it up, guys. But
what do we have here on X?
All the crazy
commentary.
We have these political
problems.
Terror attacks on the Christopher Street
day. You heard all about it.
Oh, they shot the guy. Interesting.
So, now he's dead. Um,
I'm not too empathetic with terrorists,
but it's always sad when people die.
This guy micro strategy.
Oh, I didn't even pay attention. 91.
That's very low. It did go into 91.
I thought 90.
91. Wow. I thought 94 or something.
That's also pretty. I mean, Micro
Strategy is a total screaming by. Yes,
absolutely. This thing is undervalued
and Bitcoin is not even down that much.
So
move to NYC. Everything is free. I is
that true? Did Mandami achieve socialist
paradise finally? I hope so. NYC is
known to be a cheap city.
How much upside is there in MU? What's
your time frame? Oh, Martin Becker. This
MU is a tricky tricky situation. I'm I'm
playing short puts because the premium
is so high. Um, this thing can at any
point retrace back another 20%. It's a
little extreme what's going on with MU,
but it can also run to 1,200 shortterm.
If you are into if you want to buy the
stock on hold it, I think this has to go
to 2,000,
but you have to not do anything on
margin. This thing can jump around like
a crazy person.
NYC. I lived there a long time ago, but
it's a total cesspool this place. And
now it's turning socialist. I would not
underestimate the risk. Can the Pioneer
Lens AI agent run locally? In infinite
hope? We have actually a great AI team
in Estonia,
also where the company is based. I lived
in Estonia a little bit. It's amazing. I
love Estonia. Uh so
you know if you're a citizen you can
just start using drought and actually
ask support questions. Alex is on
support and he's very savvy and he can
help you with all kinds of things.
Um
grew top next grew up next to NYC. It is
gone. Yeah. Free condos in NYC.
I know socialism can make it happen.
As long as you don't have money. If you
have money, you they will take it from
you. That's the bad news. Okay guys,
let's wrap it up here. Thanks for
joining. It's a pleasure as always. I
think Pioneer Lens will undergo a
beautiful evolution and turn into a
butterfly. Next week, we will launch the
page and I will start finally pushing
the agenda. It's a very open agenda on
Pioneer Lands. What we need to do beyond
making money. We always have to make
money. Don't forget we always have to
make money but in order to make money we
need to understand AI we have to
understand politics and we need to
actually start doing something here
things will get wild that's not because
of pine lens pioneer lens will be the
solution but things are going to get
wild I think all of you guys know that
you can sense it in the air this is not
a stable situation across the entire
globe but especially Europe and the
United States and Australia
so thank you so much
and see you tomorrow.