Channel:     davelee
Title:       Everyone Wanted a Cheaper Tesla. Elon Had Other Plans.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVOqhL3haF0
Published:   2026-09-06 21:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-07 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey, it's Dave. So, in this video, I'm
going to try to answer the question,
what happened to Tesla's growth,
especially over the past couple years,
and where is their growth going to come
from? Like, where is this next high
volume car um that people are looking
for? So, to answer this question, I'm
going to be doing a lot of speculation,
but also connecting the dots of
different information that we have,
especially with the new Cyber Cab
reveal. um talking with engineers,
finding more about kind of the
manufacturing, the the process um and
the whole kind of ethos behind what
Tesla is doing um with their new
products. So the question that I think a
lot of people have been asking over the
past few years is what's happened to
Tesla? before Tesla was, you know,
touting this $10 million or 10 million
vehicle uh goal per year and then also a
20 million vehicle uh per year goal. And
then at some point it seemed like Tesla
seemed to have shifted their goals or
actually stopped talking about 10 to 20
million vehicles per year and started
talking more about robo taxis and FSD.
And so people assume that maybe Tesla
has shifted or has pivoted where they're
not going to go high volume vehicle
growth anymore, but they're going to go
allin with robo taxi or ride sharing. Um
the problem with this though is that
there is a lack of revenue growth
because Tesla has relied on vehicles to
largely drive the revenue growth and
without revenue growth then you don't
have the operating profits, operating
margins and you know the operating
profits as well. And so Tesla to this
point has been dependent on revenue
growth from volume growth, meaning
they're needing to sell more vehicles.
If they don't sell more vehicles, then
we're talking about needing to sell more
services. But then robo taxi network
growth has been quite slow. Um
especially after, you know, its first
release last year in Austin. I mean,
alternatively, you could see maybe Tesla
energy could have a huge ramp, but still
that's going to take a while to, you
know, equal or, you know, surpass the
vehicle side.
Now, as a result, a lot of people were
expecting a more affordable vehicle
based upon a next generation platform.
And there were rumors that Tesla was
working on a more affordable next-gen
vehicle. And a couple years ago, there's
also rumors that it got axed, that Elon
had decided to cancel the program.
Now, this was confusing to a lot of
people because Tesla and Elon had denied
that they had actually, you know,
cancelled this more affordable, let's
say, nextG vehicle. And then Tesla kind
of shifted to saying that, hey, yeah,
we're going to release a more affordable
model or a different model. And um you
know Tesla was leading people on during
earnings call eventually
they showed the the model the standard
version model Y right and I think
personally that was you know that was
kind of disappointing because I think
you know for me and for many other
people we were expecting a different
vehicle right a new model that was more
affordable that could be shipped out in
higher volume and that could grow
Tesla's revenue and margins going
forward. And then we got also the Model
Y L which is a great vehicle and I'm
planning to get one hopefully in the
next I don't know few to several months
but again that was kind of like a new
model but sure it's kind of like an
extension of an existing model. Um
anyways, um it was a lot of confusion
going on because with Tesla
kind of delaying or kind of avoiding
this topic of of the next generation
high volume more affordable vehicle. Uh
people started to assume that maybe
Tesla is not serious about a high volume
more affordable vehicle and that rather
Tesla is going to go allin with this new
cyber cab and ride hailing and taxi robo
taxi network.
Some people actually took it to I think
an extreme uh and some people started to
claim that Tesla a is going to get out
of selling cars to consumers eventually
right they're going to go completely in
with this commercial uh ride hailing
service autonomous driving etc. It'll be
so much in demand that you know they
won't have time or or ability or
capacity to sell to consumers and it
won't even make sense to sell to
consumers. However, I think a lot of
this and a lot of these conclusions are
misguided. And I think in my opinion, I
think Tesla is going for high volume
that they will release more affordable
consumer vehicles, but I think the path
is very different than what most people
are thinking. So, in this video, I'm
going to try to clear up a few things,
actually a lot of things regarding
Tesla's road map. Um, but in order to do
that, we have to clear up what's been
going on with Tesla for the past couple
years as well to try to explain and this
is again a lot of speculation and a lot
of assumptions on my part, but you know,
I'm bringing together uh information um
and pieces. So here's the kind of the
core crux I think decision that um Tesla
management and Elon Musk had to make a
few years ago.
So the decision was
FSD is regressing. Do they go allin with
FSD and make a custom kind of next
generation new paradigm car that's built
completely on FSD and the ability for AI
to drive the car with no backup human
steering or driving options at all. Now
this would be a completely new paradigm
in driving
um a completely new paradigm uh or new
vehicle platform and architecture and it
is a huge thing but the problem is is
the timing like how do you know exactly
when the software will be ready for that
to happen because you need to scale the
vehicle and the manufacturing production
up at the same time.
The other kind of
plan or or simultaneous kind of approach
would be at the same time, why not make
a nextg smaller Model Y or smaller Model
3 car that's more affordable, let's say
$30,000, but it has a steering wheel,
right? And because it's a Tesla, it
could have f FSD as an option, too. But
it has pedals, steering wheel, and all
that stuff in case, right, the driver
drives, just like current cars. but it's
smaller, it's more affordable. It's got
the new, let's say, unboxed assembly.
It's got, you know, more efficient um
just better, you know, components,
systems, etc. to make it cheaper. And
wouldn't a ton of people buy a $30,000
Tesla, right? That's the argument. And I
think Tesla management had a lot of
discussions regarding this. And I my
personal opinion is that they actually
had prototypes of this smaller Model Y
or smaller Model 3 nextG affordable
vehicle with a steering wheel alongside
with the Cyber Cab which doesn't have a
steering wheel or pedals.
And there was a big decision that Tesla
management had to make and this is
probably about two two plus years ago
maybe two and a half years ago.
The question was, should they go on a
two-path track? Meaning, should they
build and release this nextG smaller
Tesla car with driving controls and also
develop the cyber cab?
And that would make sense. I would think
99.9% of CEOs out there in the position
that Elon was in would choose to go that
path, right? Because it makes sense.
there's so much uncertainty regarding
the timing, the the the release, the
regulations, all this stuff regarding
CyberCap because it's so dependent also
on FSD software and it's dependent on
regulations too. So it would make sense.
I mean almost any normal CEO would say,
"Yeah, let's make a smaller, more
affordable car that will drive volume,
drive revenue. It it's a bridge between,
right, our current Model Y, Model 3 line
and this future, let's say, nextG cyber
cab AIdriven cars, right? We need a a
bridge and we could sell millions of
these cheaper cars." And I think
probably most of Tesla management was in
favor of this idea. I mean, it
completely makes sense. Um Tesla, you
need, right, any company needs to
continue to grow their revenue,
especially if they're a growth company,
their stock is is predicated on growth.
And if you suck up that growth, you
stall that growth, the stock is going to
tank. So, you need to offer something
after Model Y. You can't just, you know,
place all your bets on this mysterious,
let's say, timing of when Cyber Cab will
come out, when the software will be
ready, when regulator regulators will
approve, etc. Um, so yeah, I think the
Tesla management was probably,
you know,
in agreement that you do both, right?
But I think Elon made a bold decision
and um his decision was unlike probably
any other what any other CEO um would
make. And he decided to ask to cancel to
basically throw out the program of uh
developing a smaller more affordable
Tesla car with the steering wheel.
And I think this was a very very um
interesting decision. I think for Elon
it was very very clear he made the
decision and he went for it. But for
other people perhaps in Tesla management
they had to you know they had to take a
a a second type of um look and really
try to figure it out. And I think for a
lot of people it didn't make a lot of
sense. Think about it. Tesla probably at
that time already had some prototypes.
They already had plans. They probably
already, you know, had a great smaller,
more affordable vehicle that looked
awesome, right? Think about it. It's a
smaller Model Y, $30,000. It would sell
like millions. You think, you think the
Model Y is selling a lot. Imagine what a
$30,000 slightly smaller Model Y would
sell, right? It would sell like double
or triple, right, the current Model Y.
You could add similar new technologies,
new systems that you you're putting into
CyberCad like the unboxed um approach,
the different, you know, newer
drivetrain, thermal management, you
know, battery, electronics, all this
stuff into a smaller, more affordable
nextgen, right, vehicle. Um,
and uh Tesla, yeah, would sell a ton.
However, the problem is that when you do
that, it is drastically more complex
than the cyber cab. See, the cyber cab
represents the next generation, the new
paradigm of driving where you don't have
any driver controls. Now, this is not
just the steering wheel. It's like
everything related to the driver. It's
like the speedometer, it's the the the
pedals, it's the driver side airbags,
it's the mirrors, it's all the controls.
And it's very complex. There's a lot of
different things you have to do to get
that right. And so the as much as you
want to reuse stuff from the cyber cab,
you actually have all this extra baggage
because you're building a car for a
driver.
And so in Elon's mind, I think it comes
down to pros and cons. And the con is if
you're a large company, especially if
you're a large company, and if you're
split between too many things, and
especially, let's say, you're split
between these two super important uh new
vehicle programs. You're not necessarily
going allin on just one of the vehicle
programs. Meaning, for example, Cyber
Cab doesn't have to succeed because
you've got a backup. Mean like, think
about it. Why would you do a nextgen
high volume smaller Tesla if you were
sure CyberCap was going to make it right
and be high volume like you probably
would do the Cybercap first but because
there's this uncertainty with the Cyber
Cap and its timing that's where you
start to lean toward this you know high
volumes affordable smaller Tesla with
driving controls. So, in a way, it's
kind of like um you're being cautious.
You you're you're having a backup plan
in case your cyber cap plans, right,
don't work out in time. Um and it's
prudent because there are regulations
and timing and delays that you can't
control like cybercap could be late and
but the thing is when you have that type
of excuse like oh the cyber cap can be
late so we need to work on this other
program as well. That type of excuse, it
doesn't lead to urgency and focus for
engineers and all these teams in Tesla.
Like compare that to, hey guys, our
whole company is writing on this. If we
fail on FSD and CyberCAD,
our entire company fails, right? It's
make it or break it. That's what
catalyzes teams together. That's what
focuses engineering and effort. That's
what brings innovation and stellar
products. And that's I think the way of
Elon
and he recognizes that he recognizes the
biggest challenge for Tesla is its
focus, its innovation.
And he needs a way to combat the big
just kind of
I would say energy that leads to
mediocrity with large companies. See,
the challenge with big companies is that
you're constantly split in all these
different directions and you're just
resulting in mediocre, you know,
products and efforts. And that's a big
reason why startups can often succeed.
It's because of that laser focus. You
It's amazing. Look throughout history.
It's the laser focus of startups that is
their secret power, but it's also the
Achilles heel of big companies. Look
what's happening with the LLM AI wars
right now. How in the world did OpenAI
and Anthropic basically beat out the big
tech companies like Apple, Microsoft,
and Google? Um, and of Apple, Microsoft,
Google, it's like Google is barely like,
you know, hanging in third place, but
like they're slow. I mean, it's
frustrating because like think about it.
If you're into AI, Gemini Pro has been
stalled for like so many months. They
haven't really pushed, you know, their
their top models out fast enough. And
Open AI and Anthropic are just building
bigger leads. Again, these are new
companies and it's all about focus for
Open AI and Anthropic. It's all in. They
know like for example if you're the CEO
or if you're in a team at inanthropic
you know if you lose the large language
model race the AI model race then it's
basically over your company's over but
for Google if you if you're part of
Google it's like you know fine you lose
the LLM you know race but you have
YouTube you have search you know you
have ads you have Google cloud and
enterprise and you got all this stuff
and it's not the end of the world if you
lose right the AI wars And that
complacency is there in big companies
and it's hard to break. And unless
you're a big company that's really
betting the whole company on something
big, you've got this adverse energy
that's just spreading your focus out all
over the place leading to mediocrity.
And it's a big big just um moving you're
you're a moving target because you can't
focus um intensely enough. The the the
laser focus isn't there. And Elon, I
think of any large tech company is super
aware and keenly aware of this problem.
And he did something super profound with
Tesla in this decision. And he did and
his decision I think most people would
say is stupid. They would say he's like
ruthlessly just or incompetent, right?
And what he did was he made a crazy bet
by foregoing what would be a no-brainer
of a high volume, smaller, more
affordable Tesla uh car with the
steering wheel. He he basically
cancelled that program and he created
this all-in focus this urgency this
laser intensity on the new paradigm of a
cyber cab with full self-driving no
driving controls of AI driving right the
vehicle and the people and the p people
in the car and he created this crazy bet
by saying hey if we don't succeed in
this then we're we're toast right our
company is is like you know is a goner
sure it might not be overnight a goner,
but basically you die a slow death
because you can't produce right this the
stellar convincing innovative products
that you need to um especially for you
know a company trying to tackle you know
multi- trillion market dollar markets
you need to have stellar products
because there are going to be many
startups that are laser focused and will
fill the gap and and uh will beat you
too if you don't have that
so in other words Elon Musk got rid of
the backup
Right? He basically cut rid of the the
parachute. Right? He got rid of what
would make sense for Tesla, what people
were yearning for, longing for, what
investors were clamoring for us and give
us high volume, more affordable cars to
sell in the millions with steering
wheels because that's what we need now.
That's what we can count on. That's what
our stock is going to, you know, uh uh
rely on in its growth. We need all of
that. But Elon says, "Forget it, right?
We're gonna bet the company on CyberCap
uh and FSD or else we're we're screwed.
We're screwed anyways, right? If we
can't succeed with FSD and CyberCap,
forget it. We're screwed as a company.
Our company's messed up in like what's
the point? Like what's the point of
having Tesla if we can't succeed in
this? This is the next generation new
paradigm. The future of transport. Um
yeah, think about it. Old transport, old
vehicles, cars for the past 100 plus
years are human driven. the next
hundreds of years you know will be
AIdriven
and the com if Tesla can't succeed in
leading this with stellar innovation and
products then what's the point right
what's the point of Tesla is it a
company that's going to be stuck with
just drive you know making drive driving
cars human-driven cars like that's not
what Tesla is about
um so the result is if you succeed in
doing this Meaning if
you bring your company to this all-in
moment, your entire company gets
focused. Teams work like crazy. You
become like a startup, right? You create
your best work. Um the cons is you bring
on more risk because what if it doesn't
work out? What if there are delays? What
if like you know regulators stop
something? What if you know the software
isn't ready? You know, you don't have a
backup of a high volume car with the
steering wheel that's supporting your
growth. your stock can get hammered and
all this stuff. I think Elon tried to
mitigate a lot of these cons by, for
example, uh relying on Cybertruck,
right, to do at least 250,000 in volume,
but again, Cybertruck didn't work out. I
mean, I have my own personal thoughts on
Cybertruck. I think a few things
happened with Cybertruck. One was uh the
cost of goods, it just was much too
high, u much higher than they expected.
Second, I don't think demand worked out
like what they thought it would be. And
I don't think it's that the looks. I
think the looks are fine. I think it's a
combination of of price and charging. Um
yeah, I think the larger the vehicle is
um and especially in a truck format
um charging becomes an issue.
Yeah, I have different ideas. I think,
you know, you could have done something
um uh with a hybrid type of where you
have electric vehicle, but if you had
like an extended range EV where you had
a small onboard onboard generator, and
some Chinese companies are doing this,
they're super quiet. It's still an EV.
Everything's still an EV. It's just
you've got like an extra small quiet
onboard generator that actually kicks in
to create the energy to charge the
batteries when you need it. Um, sure it
adds some extra parts and complexity,
but overall actually it could reduce the
cost of the car because you actually can
put in less batteries. Anyways, it's
controversial. I'm not going to argue
completely all of this in this video,
but anyways, you can have your own
opinion on Cybertruck. Nevertheless, it
just didn't pan out. Also, I think Tesla
was hoping that the standard uh standard
version um Model Y would sell a lot and
the Model Y L would sell a lot. And I
think in some ways they have supported
right the demand for Model Y um which
has been very robust and and across
Europe and Asia they're picking up
demand. And so it's not like Tesla's
demand has crashed. It's just the growth
expectations that you know Tesla has as
a high growth company just aren't being
met with the current products. And a
large part of that is they don't have
that high volume more affordable car.
Like if you think about it, the Model 3
came in 2017,
started ramping, right? 2018, you had
the Model Y. Um um after that, ramping
right 20, 20, 21, 22, right, into this,
you would expect the next vehicle to
come out maybe 2025, right? Um or so in
high volume, cheaper, take that whole
new step. Um, but for Elon, the biggest
risk was the lack of focus and intensity
that spreading his, you know, team out
would would would would cost. And so to
have the best chance at the best future,
he knew that he had to choose a radical
goal rather than, you know,
spreading out his risk and, you know,
um, reducing the possibility of of of,
you know, bigger risk and a stalling
stock price and maybe some of the things
that we're actually seeing right now.
Um, Elon traded all of that in a sense
for the ability to go faster and to come
up with a better product to have a
better chance at a better long-term
future. What does this mean for Tesla?
Like what am I talking about in terms of
like choosing Cyber Cab over a more
affordable, smaller Tesla vehicle? And
how does this change how we view Tesla
over the past few years? Also, what does
this mean for Tesla going forward over
the next five or 10 years? Elon's
decision to focus on the Cyber Cap to
actually endure some short-term pain
over the past few years and maybe even
for a bit more. I'm going to argue that
this actually sets up the foundation for
a very, very bright future for Tesla.
that actually lays the groundwork for a
whole new paradigm of vehicles from
Tesla that Tesla has not given up their
high volume vehicle plans and
aspirations. But actually this sets into
motion actually those plans in turbo
mode and it's a better alternative than
before when Tesla was just thinking
about driving vehicles driven by humans.
So I'm going to break this down into
steps. Okay. So step one, step one is
you define the new paradigm in
transport. So you start with the end
state. What does transportation look
like in 10 years? Right? So cars are
driving themselves. There's no steering
wheel. There's no pedals. There's no
driver controls because the driver isn't
the human isn't doing anything. The car
is designed around the the rider, right?
Not the driver. So it's cheaper to
build, cheaper to run. It's safer,
right, than a human. And you define that
paradigm. And then you build backwards
from that paradigm. And when you do
that, you don't try to build another car
that's old school, that's from the old
world, that's, you know, allows the
human to to drive the car. Like that's
going backwards in a lot of ways. And
that's one of the ways why one of the
main reasons why I think Elon didn't
want to to in his mind compromise kind
of the future by dividing his focus into
a new right human-driven driver control
car um even if it's more affordable. So
step two after that after you define the
the paradigm you need to create the
software and the vehicle you need to
basically bring it to reality to test it
out. So the two things that you need for
this paradigm to be real is you need the
FSD software that actually works that
actually drives safer than a human right
and you need to make it so that it works
seamlessly with the vehicle and the
vehicle needs to be
manufactured designed from the ground up
with no driver controls. Now, that's
very important because it's not just
about, you know, removing the steering
column and a few things. It's about
completely redesigning. I mean, you take
out all those parts, but then you can
save a lot by redesigning the different
systems without those additional
components necessary. And not just that,
but the whole entire experience is is
different. It's no longer a human driver
like focused experience where you care
about performance, acceleration,
handling all this stuff. Now it's more
of a rider right focused experience
where you care about comfort, right?
Calm, peace, you care about
entertainment and all this other stuff
that's different than, right, the old
paradigm. And that's the Cybercat,
right? It's not, you know, a typical
Tesla or Model Y with the steering
column pulled out, right? No, it's a
completely clean sheet car with the with
this new paradigm. And in addition to
that, it's a whole new way of building
it. You build it in modules, use the
unboxed assembly because you going to
save a ton of money. You're going to
make it more efficient. Use plastic
instead of right paint and metal. Uh use
way fewer parts. So in a way you you're
rethinking also the manufacturing
process um to make it more cheaper, more
affordable, more reliable as well. So
after step two, the step three is you
prove this out. So you've got the
software, you got the the vehicle um and
the manufacturing, now you've got to
prove all of these things out. So in a
geo fenced area, so in a specific area
that you choose, you have this robo taxi
network and you control everything. You
control how many cars go out, when they
go out, what hours they go out, what
software version they have. You control
that, you know, they got Starlink
redundancy for extra internet reception,
how many hours they go out. you go every
mile basically um that you build that
you you know control and um have your
cyber cams out are building the safety
case. And it's the same thing for the
factory. The more you work out and and
build volume of the cyber cap, it's
basically you're testing out the unbox
assembly, you know, uh approach. you fix
the problems um before you hit you know
millions of units and you're the
customer Tesla's the customer
controlling the roll out
the step four in this plan is you pass
the regulations now this is an important
gate because a car without any driver
controls I mean it's going to be hard to
sell this to consumers until the
regulators say sign off so just because
you tested things out in step three it
just it's not enough you need to prove
this out. Um,
yeah, make sure it's legal and safe,
passes regulations,
uh, so you could sell it to consumers.
Now, once you get to step five, which is
you open the door and start selling it
to consumers. Now, this is an amazing
monumental kind of shift in history
where it's no longer a car that you
drive or even has the option that you
can drive. Now, it's a car that is super
affordable. It's not just a shrunken
down Model Y with the steering wheel.
It's It's not just cheaper because the
driving hardware is taken out. No, it's
completely
different from the ground up in how it's
designed. It's designed for the rider.
It's designed for the AI software. It's
designed for this new paradigm for the
next hundred plus years of of of
transport. And this car is the first car
of this new paradigm, right? And once
you get this and you start selling it to
consumers, then you go into step six,
which is you start to build a whole new
lineup based off of that. So you scale
this paradigm. So that's the whole
thing. Tesla, it's interesting. They're
not talking about their next lineup of
new vehicles. I don't know why, but I
kind of think it's okay because you
don't I don't think they want to hype
things up, per se. But after you've
tested out CyberCab, you've tested out
the unboxed uh assembly, you've tested
out, you know, the FSC software,
everything is able to scale. As you
start to sell the Cyber Cap and scale it
up now, it opens up this whole new world
of of ramping and volume. And what that
means is you can now create multiple new
vehicle programs. You can have small
cars, medium cars, large cars, sedans,
SUVs, and they're all in this new
paradigm of rider focused, right? AI
driven. Um, all FSD. It's about comfort
and convenience. There's much cheaper to
make and it just is a completely
different idea of what a vehicle is
compared to the old school old paradigm
of what, you know, a human-driven
vehicle is. That's how you get
back to the road of high volume
production. That's what I think Tesla is
going to do. And they're going to get
back to ambitious goals of maybe 10,
maybe up to 20 million vehicles a year
in terms of production goals. Of course,
it's going to take time to build all
that out, but um you don't get there by
saying, "Okay, guys, we're going to
build another steering wheel car,
right?"
you know, oh, we're going to build
another, you know, smaller ceiling wheel
car because that's what people want.
That's what our stock price needs.
That's what we need before we, you know,
etc. No, you don't do that. You get to
this whole master plan of new paradigm
vehicles by working backwards with first
principles of where things are headed
and what needs to happen. And then you
decide to go all in, focusing your
teams, focusing all of your engineers,
right, on this. and everyone has laser
focus, laser intensity,
and you're able to create a stellar
product, not a so so mediocre product.
Like that would be death to Tesla,
right? Just being not focused and
creating just a so so uninspired
product, right? So what does all of this
mean for Tesla going forward? short
term, yeah, I mean, it's kind of pain in
some ways because, you know, Cybertruck
hasn't really fulfilled its its volume
targets. Um, there isn't this super high
volume like, you know, more affordable
car right now that's selling like 34
million vehicles just by itself, right?
Because we don't have that right now,
revenue is kind of flat for Tesla. The
stock is flat or a bit hurting. And
that's the cost of this bet where you go
all in on this on the future. And in
some ways, you took on additional risk
in the present, but that's what you
accept, you know, because it's the way
to to unlock what the future holds.
Now, but if you look at where all this
leads, every competitor right now that
Tesla has is still designing cars around
a driver. And Tesla is pretty much the
only car company out there at scale that
is
working, not just working, but has
released now on the streets. At least in
terms of cyber cab,
uh a car that's
the next generation. That's the next
paradigm. And um it's
it's hugely profoundly important because
if they're able to execute on this well,
meaning um they prove out the safety,
they prove out their manufacturing, they
they prove out uh their AI software,
then this will can lead to basically the
next era of high growth and a whole host
of various types of vehicles all built
upon, right, the same paradigm. And it's
the start of of a completely uh new
Tesla in a way. It's a new era of Tesla
vehicles.
And yeah, I think it's actually an
interesting way to get there. I think in
retrospect, we'll maybe in 10 years,
five or 10 years, we'll be like, yeah,
this is genius, right? This is what
Tesla had to do to get there. And that
type of all-in bet that Tesla made with
Cyber Cab and AI and FSD was the thing
that really focused the company and
galvanized the company around uh laser
focus to make this happen. Now, in the
meantime, a lot of people will doubt
Tesla, will doubt Elon. Um a lot of
people will give up on Tesla and Tesla's
growth. We'll say Tesla's growth is
over. Um yeah, they've stalled. They've
like, you know, uh lost their shine.
etc. But however, if you take a look
from a different angle, you could make a
strong argument that maybe everything is
just getting started for Tesla and maybe
the innovation that Tesla is creating is
real. The focus is really leading to a
whole new paradigm, a vehicle and uh
what's happening in Austin, Texas right
now with the cyber cab on the streets
right now. Just the past few days, you
could actually go to Austin, Texas,
download the robo taxi app and actually
ride this vehicle. It's not just a idea
or concept. It's actually happening
reality. Maybe this plan that Elon has
is actually working out. Um,
and it could surprise people. So,
anyways, just wanted to share some of my
thoughts um regarding uh what's going on
with Tesla and Cyber Cab and perhaps um
the future of um yeah, their growth and
their plans. All right. Hope everything
everyone is doing well and we'll see you
guys in my next video. Thanks. Bye.