Channel:     electrified
Title:       Former Tesla Exec: It's Happening ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbosCwMWh7Y
Published:   2026-08-19 23:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-20 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Those of you that have been
around the Tesla story for some time
might remember the name John McNeel. He
was the president of Tesla's global
sales operations back in the late 201s.
And this week, he just said the upcoming
Roadster demonstration could showcase
more than a hovering sports car. Now, I
still have my doubts we see that demo in
August, as some are still saying. But
speaking of the demo, John said, "I
don't know if we're going to see flying,
but we may see hovering in this demo."
More importantly, he suggested the
SpaceX collaboration may serve a broader
purpose, calling it probably a not so
hidden attempt to further knit Tesla and
SpaceX's futures together. Honestly
though, given how niche of a product
this is going to be relative to Tesla's
overall business and SpaceX indirectly,
I would argue they wouldn't even need
this collaboration to already be
incredibly close-knit into the future.
But John's main takeaway, these two
businesses, Tesla and SpaceX, are going
to come together probably sooner rather
than later. The word is this Roadster
demo could debut at SpaceX's testing
facility in McGregor, Texas. It would
use a SpaceX developed cold gas thruster
system codeamed A71 to hover, but
they're saying because of the extreme
noise, the car may be remotely operated
without a passenger while spectators
remain hundreds of yards away. But can
somebody please explain to me why they
would ever do that? This is meant to be
the last great driver's car, meaning
someone's supposed to be in the vehicle
driving a steering wheel. This is the
last swan song, if you will, of a car
with a wheel for Tesla. So, that part
makes zero sense to me, but hopefully we
find out sooner rather than later. But
again, most importantly, when you have
former Tesla presidents coming out
publicly and saying that these two
businesses are going to merge sooner
rather than later, it's just part of why
I'm starting this little merger series
so everybody can be informed for the
vote. There were a lot of people getting
excited yesterday because of some new
filings coming out of Texas from Tesla
for a new charging hub that is set to
begin construction September 7th with a
completion date of January 18th next
year. And we'll come back to that
completion date in a second. And the
main reason so many were excited in the
keynotes.3, it said there will be two V4
charging cabinets to support 80 wireless
chargers in phase 2. A few things I
think it's important to note that phase
1 is expected to have a completion date
of January next year, which could mean
that phase 2 wouldn't start until
sometime in Q1 next year. However,
Marco, who goes further into the weeds
with these supercharger locations than
anybody else, including myself, said the
statement saying Tesla would install two
V4 cabinets for 80 wireless pads, seems
to have been an error on the design
firm's end. His reason, the circled
number three seems to be pointing
towards every V3 cabinet pair, which are
already tied to four chargers each. And
further looking at the equipment in the
filing, you'll see supercharger cabinets
are version 3.5, not V4. And there will
be 12 of those 3.5s. And we know each
V35 cabinet can support four charging
posts, which is exactly why they list V4
posts in the quantity of 48. And once
again, for phase 1, we don't see
anything about wireless charging. And to
confirm what Marco was saying, here is
the drawing and you will see these small
colored in gray rectangles. So we have 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and 12. So it
appears as though Marco is correct at
least for phase 1. The 12 cabinets shown
here will be dedicated for the initial
48 charging posts. And going back to the
keynotes, it's circle three that's only
supposed to be calling out two V4
charging cabinets, whereas that key
number three is currently shown for all
12 of these cabinets. And we know
Tesla's true V4 cabinets can do up to
1.2 megawatt each, and they each support
eight charging posts. But if we assume
the wireless charging pads do around 25
kW, that makes perfect sense. 80 pads
times 25 kW each is 2 megawws which
allows for a bit of headroom. So Tesla
only needing two true V4 cabinets for
around 80 wireless charging pads of
course checks out. So in my opinion I
believe we might see these wireless
charging pads in phase 2, but that won't
likely be until sometime Q1 next year.
And one other interesting thing to point
out for the service intent, it says
Tesla will operate an automobile rooc
car wash and charging parking lot. So,
not just a charging hub, but a car wash
as well. And here's this location on
Google Maps, right across the street
from Tesla's St. Elmo location. Last
thing I want to say, there are people
out there trying to run the math about
how many cyber cabs could operate on
these 80 wireless charging pads. And
then they're using that to say, see,
we're going to have thousands of cyber
cabs here in the next few months. First
of all, that leaves out the fact these
likely won't be online until again late
Q1 next year. And two, of course,
Tesla's going to be futurep proofing to
some degree. So just because Tesla's
building out an infrastructure of X size
does not mean we're going to see X
number of cyber cabs on the road in the
near term. Fun fact about me, right now
I'm helping to build a solar farm in
Baltimore. Now, I'll say sort of because
I'm not on site with Power Tools, but I
am helping to fund the construction of
this project through the sponsor of this
video, Climatize. Climatize is a
platform that lets you put money
directly into a specific real renewable
energy project. And what's great is you
can track projects and follow the
updates on construction. It could be a
solar array on a farm, battery storage
for an auto shop, EV chargers going into
a community, and so on. And what's so
cool about this platform and why I'm
happy to support it is because usually
this type of financing is walled off for
banks and institutions. And with a $10
minimum, anyone 18 and over with a US
bank account is eligible. It's an
official US-based platform registered
with the SEC as a funding portal and a
FIN remembermber. Every project is filed
under SEC regulation crowdfunding. So
before you commit $1, you get the full
offering documents to dig through. And
if you watch this channel, I think
that's exactly how you should be
operating anyway. Now, like any
investment, these carry risk. You can
lose principle and you're in the notes
until it matures. So, d yo, read the
offering docs and only put in what fits
your objectives. So, it should go
without saying, but this is not
financial advice. To date, the projects
hosted on Climatize have returned a
total of over $5 million to its
investors. So, that's not a promise or a
guarantee of future results, but it is a
track record. So, for electrified
viewers, you can go to
climatize.earrified
linked below. Use code Dylan and when
you successfully complete your profile,
you'll get $50 in investment credit
toward your first project. Terms apply,
but the link and the code will be in the
description below. Edmmonds had a
glowing review of their range test for
the Model Y L. I just wanted to
highlight they did it at an average
speed of 40 mph and that's with a 40%
highway split. But it's true of all
Model Y's they have tested so far, the
Model Y L went the furthest at 358 mi,
38 mi further than the EPA range
estimate. So, despite the Y L being 300
lb heavier than the Model Y longrange
launch series, and despite the fact it
makes more power, borrowing the rear
motor from the Model Y performance,
because of things like the coefficient
of drag being down at 216, and because
of the improved thermal management, not
just for the battery and the motors, but
for things like the glass roof allowing
in 30% less solar energy than before.
And because the battery pack is bigger
given the longer wheelbase at around 83
kwatt hours, as long as you know the
limitations of that range test, it did
indeed significantly outperform the EPA
expectations. The word is more than 250
supercharger stalls across 20 locations
in Sweden are about to come online. And
criminally, some have been fully built
since 2023, sitting finished but
powerless. The blockade from the end of
the sympathy strikes lifts today. And
once these sites are connected, it'll
boost Tesla's Supercharger network in
Sweden by more than 20%. And an
important fact, over the past few years,
more than 90% of staff remained with
Tesla through the conflict. The way
Tesla's preparing for the Cyber Cab
launch event is probably not the most
fair thing to do, but they're saying the
more rides you take through August 23rd,
the better chance you have at winning an
entry. Tesla said five winners will be
randomly selected and notified on August
25th, and each prize winner has won the
right to attend the Cyber Cab launch
event in Austin. And my guess is these
five winners will each be taking the
first five rides in a Cyber Cab on the
Robo Taxi network in Austin. And just so
you know, if you can't take a ride, but
you want to enter anyway, I'll have the
blog post below with the instructions to
enter the sweep stakes by mail. And
right now there's a fun job listing from
Tesla. It's an events manager for
Roboaxi. This in Palo Alto. This role
will drive the sourcing, development,
logistics, execution, and optimization
of events and campaigns designed to
bring RoboTaxi and Cyber Cab to the
world. Related but not limited to
sourcing and scaling events, creating
events, media opportunities, and
collaborations. And we just talked about
that collaboration between Whimo and the
Las Vegas Raiders. So, I'm naturally
quite eager to see what Tesla has in
store for its collaborations. I'm sure
most of you have seen the deal where
Swedish EV trucking company Einide has
agreed to buy 500 Tesla Semis. And
interesting to note, this is reported on
just days after the sympathy strikes
have ended. But once again, like we've
talked about in the past, this is that
freight capacity as a service business.
So Einride will hold the assets, the
trucks themselves, and then shipping
companies get this electric capacity
without having to buy the trucks
themselves, running the depot or
managing the charging. So Einride has
its own AI platform they call Saga,
which handles all the routing, the
charging, and actually dispatches the
fleet. And the expectation is these 500
Tesla Semis will be delivered to Einide
starting in September of this year. And
they're all to be delivered by September
2028. So over the next 2 years and
Einide recently said during its earnings
call that these Tesla trucks would
triple the deployed fleet from about 250
to 750. And maybe more importantly they
said their 2028 cash flow break even
plan still needs about 1,500 to 2,000
trucks in operation. So this order from
Tesla if things go well might not be the
end of the story. And Einride said these
Tesla Semis will be available to
customers across North America and would
help extend the electric freight network
to corridors in California, Georgia, New
Jersey, and Texas. And before adding
this order to the Tesla Semi Tracker, we
had about 686 verified Tesla Semi
purchases, at least publicly. And just a
behind-the-scenes note, I'm porting a
lot of my work over to Cursor. So, in
the next day or two, I should have the
Tesla Semi dashboard back up to speed
and current. But the point is, this is
far and away the biggest order for Tesla
Semis to date. Touching on the latest in
Tesla's robo taxi world, Ethan McConnell
said, "Love robo taxi, but the pickup
and drop off experience has been pretty
bad recently. I'd say around 50% of my
recent rides have looping at pickup or
drop off has been adding up to 5 to 15
minutes to affected trips. It's
unfortunate because otherwise all of my
rides recently have been great. Mina
shared, "Robboaxi picked a very stupid
spot to drop off passengers today.
Driving is great, but pickup and drop
off have always been weak points. I
don't doubt the Tesla team will solve
it, though." So, you can see right there
in the middle of an intersection.
Another anecdote. Robo Taxi Navigation
routed a 10-minute ride into a 47minute
detour from North Austin all the way to
central South Austin. remote support
could not fix the issue and the ride
needed to be ended for a full refund.
And that post was originally shared by
Cyber Al, which is an account that is
positive on Tesla. And her takeaway,
Tesla robo taxi navigation is pretty
messed up in North Austin. And Texas
Tesla said, "Robbo taxi missed my drop
off. It glitched out. It zoomed off
speeding almost 70 mph onto the tollway.
A simple drop off down the street turned
into a 40minute nightmare of non-stop
looping. In a weird way for me, seeing
these anecdotes is calming because it
confirms why Tesla isn't scaling. It's
not some unknown reason. It's not really
safety critical reasons. It's just the
things we've known about that are
persistent right now that might be
getting worse to some degree. So, I
think everybody being aware of those
anecdotes is helpful to understanding
the current situation. But on a more
positive note, this video was shared of
the Houston robo taxi lot today with
about 97 cyber cabs in the lot. And
there were some rumors of a geoence
expansion in Houston coming sometime
toward the end of August. So between
that, the Roadster, the Cyber Cab event,
there are certainly some things to look
forward to potentially. Whimo said the
new Ohio vehicle is officially on the
road in San Francisco, Phoenix, and LA
for all riders. But listen to this. The
most recent reporting we have is that
Ohio robo taxis cost about $38,000
before import tariffs. After roughly
128% tariffs are applied, that takes the
price to $86,500
per unit. Then the hardware and software
is equipped, which is estimated to cost
around $25,000 per unit to install. So
the out the-do price, if you will, for
these Whimo, Ohio vehicles is still
likely in the neighborhood of $100,000
each. Cybercap will be between 20 and
$25,000
each. So, hear me when I say the scaling
might be painfully slow right now for
Tesla, but it's fine. Whimo's not going
anywhere anytime soon. They're not going
to reach profitability anytime soon. One
of their Ohio vehicles was just involved
in a collision. And I know I've been
critical calling out all of the Tesla
quirks with the robo taxi service so we
can all be informed, but it's true that
Whimo does all of that and then some. So
there's no robo taxi service right now
that is operating a flawless service
even at very small scale. So my point is
Tesla has time. It knows it and it knows
it doesn't need to rush. And SpaceX said
after about 24 days at sea, the SpaceX
recovery team successfully guided
Starship to a location just off the
coast of Christmas Island. A team of
SpaceX engineers is on their way to
conduct additional analysis on the
vehicle in calmer waters before
attempting to return it to Starbase.
Tesla stock closed the day at $35,12
up 4.23%
and SpaceX closed the day at $13965
down 2.57%.
This while the NDX was down22%.
Don't forget check out Climatize linked
below. I really do think it's an awesome
company doing awesome work and as always
thank you guys so much for supporting
the channel in that way. Hope you all
have a wonderful day and a huge thank
you to all of my Patreon supporters.