Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Retail Panics While Analysts Stay Bullish on Tesla! Here’s Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EVvEd1oiok
Published:   2026-04-29 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-29 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now that everyone has had a chance to
think through what happened at Tesla's
earnings call last week, we've been
getting one institutional analyst after
another weighing in. The vast majority
seems to be positive and only a few have
downgraded the stock. First, Caner
Fitzgerald said they remain bullish on
Tesla, reiterated their overweight
rating, and maintained a price target of
$510. They focus on Tesla's strong
fundamental performance that beat
expectations. Their thesis is heavily
supported by Tesla's taping out of the
AI5 chip and they highlighted that
CyberCap, Semi, and Mega 3 are all on
track for production. CIC, often called
the Goldman Sachs of China, also
maintained an outperform with a price
target of $500. The research report
following the earnings call had as a
thesis that a mix of auto financials
with accelerating software and AI road
maps is the primary driver. Roth
Capitals Craig Irwick kept his buy
rating and a price target of $55.
Surprisingly, he was one of the few
analysts who saw the capital expenditure
increase as a positive. RBC Capital
maintained a buy rating with a price
target of $465 while Baird lowered their
price target to 522 from 538 despite
keeping an outperform rating. So
overall, institutional analysts did not
seem to panic like so many retail
investors are doing. We got Joe Bacti
here with us today there. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; All right, so we had the earnings call.
You've had a chance about a week to
think about it. On Monday, uh, a lot of
these institutionalists come out and
they send out their notes. And so far
everything I've collected is that uh
their price targets are you know 400s
500s
uh for Tesla's target maintaining uh
outperform and um saying positive things
but yet what we heard from the retail
seems to be a lot of the bulls were very
disappointed thinking that everything's
delayed. Uh what's your take so far?
&gt;&gt; I thought right away it's the total
kindergarten. Normally I'm very proud of
our retail community. This time I'm
siding with the institutionals. Maybe
I'm becoming too institutional but uh we
we are now institutional. So that's
important with Pioneer Alpha. But uh
going into earnings, I had a very clear
strategy just on my own, you know, uh
portfolio strategy and trading strategy.
I said Tesla has fallen too much. I
think compared to all-time highs for
190, Tesla was in a low position. While
everything is super bullish, they made
tremendous progress. They launched Cyber
Cap in time. I said Q1 is going to be
weak and Q2 is going to be strong. So
when we went into earnings, I was short
puts out of the money and at the money.
So pretty aggressive. Normally I don't
play earnings at all, but these earnings
I had high confidence the stock can't
drop much. There's just nowhere to go
unless the market crashes. But I was
confident it doesn't uh confident enough
and that paid out tremendously. We
generated 5% alpha last week over Tesla
because I knew what's going to happen.
So I am with the institutional
community. I don't see anything that
changed to the negative. I was
positively surprised by auto margins. I
thought that was very surprising to me
and good. So I saw strength unexpectedly
and this whole drama on Elon saying we
are scaling slower than expected. I
don't agree with that at all. I didn't
hear that at all. I I maintained we will
have between 10 and 20,000 robo taxis
end of the year and that would be very
good and I thought that would be the
most likely outcome. It's always
probabilistic. After the earnings call I
keep exactly that estimate up. It's like
nothing changed. I see cyber caps
scaling every day we see oh another 10
another 20 cyber caps. What do you think
is going to happen with these things?
What do you think? And do you think if
we manufacture 300 now per month, it's
going to be 600 next month and so on and
so forth. You end up at over 10,000 end
of the year. We see 14.3 now. 14.32.
Tremendous reviews. Everything great. Do
we scale to a million robo taxis in May?
Of course not. So, I don't see anything
changed. The whole idea that Elon was
like low energy or something. I love
that stuff. I want great earnings, great
numbers, and low energy. Stock drops, I
get free money. That's how I see it.
That's exactly how I played it. And I
will get more free money if people
continue to be little emos about it. So,
I think I have no problem with anything.
I think we're going back to 400 and then
490 in no time.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Interesting. With the sentiment
that seems to be down, but I I like you,
I was always saying that it's going to
be 15,000 cars. Now it's likely 10,000
cars um robo taxis in the network by the
end of this year. uh could be higher
because of sub cap production but not it
is the point is that that is not as you
and I might have said that but that's
not what the vast majority of retail
investors they had as expectations to be
material to super material to this year
and Elon said it's not that's what got
them upset because they thought it was
going to be hundreds of thousands of
cars okay here is what institutions have
saying here's caner Fitzgerald and they
reiterated their overweight rating uh
maintaining a price target of 10 what
they're saying is that the strong
fundamental execution that was the key
combined with the structural advantages
in AI and autonomous scaling right so of
course the first quarter performance
beat across the board revenue gross
margin to earnings and then the pre cash
flow was great and then their thesis is
heavily supported by you know Tesla's
development of the AI5 chip which is
recently taped out and the long-term
outlook for the company's autonomous
roadmap this is what they actually said
and and one of the points that they keep
takeaway which I did too. This is the
this is this is what I was trying to say
at the at the earnings live stream and
also the day after Cyberbulls is that
look earnings the fundamentals were
great. Okay, but everybody just forget
about it. But this line here, the Cyber
Cap, the Semi and the Mega Pac 3 are on
track for production. That is what you
want to be sure about. If that any of
that is volume production, by the way,
for volume production, that has to
happen. If that is delayed, then you
should be concerned. Now Elon's
comments,
&gt;&gt; they're not even on track for
production. They're in production.
&gt;&gt; They're in production now. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that's
&gt;&gt; I mean there's also so first of all when
you look at the facts at the auto
margins at the surprise cash flow at
Cyber Cap absolutely delivered in time.
Absolutely. He said April. It is April,
right? So there's absolutely no delay on
that side. Semi is coming. So all of
that shows that the execution is as good
as always with Tesla as top-notch and
everything's perfect. So now we're
looking at robo taxi. We know the whole
story. But what I want to iterate is why
I'm also generally strategically bullish
on Tesla and on a lot of other things,
Nvidia, other stocks is we are working
very hard here in pioneer lands on all
kinds of stuff. I see my team, I see
myself, I see what every happens every
week. Claw design for example coming out
totally now whatever competing with
lovable completely gamechanging the way
we do ads we do designs websites
whatever all these things that are
constantly happening with me in my
everyday life complete insane game
changers what do you think happens
inside Tesla what do you think happens
with all the engineers all the data
scientists all the FSD engineers what do
you think happens with SpaceX do you
think they're dumber than my team.
They're probably down my team, but
they're not. They're nearly as smart as
my team. They have the best engineers
out there. They at the cutting edge of
AI. Every week, their capabilities of
doing things gets like multiplied by
some factor every single week because we
in the singularity.
All of that compounds.
These are not dumb companies. Every
company like that who's at the frontier
who has that mindset the pioneering
mindset they will benefit tremendously
and everything we are looking at gets
accelerated all the time right now and
we have to take that into consideration
we on an exponential crazy trajectory
strategically for everyone who's like
thinking like that and we know that Elon
is the number one thinker like that in
his entire organization so that
to tie it back into the stock and
gives us huge invisible tailwinds for
companies at the R&amp;D frontier like
Tesla, FSD, Optimus, SpaceX, AI
satellites. Whatever we thought is the
trajectory is now steeper
and it's getting steeper every single
month.
So that's why I'm so insanely bullish.
And you know, if ambition ever was a
decisive factor in valuing a company, it
is now more decisive than ever before
because the conversion from ambition
into results is now easier than ever
before. And it's getting easier every
single month. And we know Elon is
ambitious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The macro is looking good, right?
Because you follow that closely. AI
technology is looking good. That's
you're following that closely. Um
&gt;&gt; I mean macro I mean the main risk I
watched this this is a whole different
show of course to talk about oil prices
and straight of moose and everything
straight off of moose but we have to
understand that the Trump administration
is in is in a complete like they have to
retreat effectively there is absolutely
no choice and that's a good thing there
is no escalation potential anymore. It's
completely impossible to escalate
that's giving me some that's giving me a
lot of confidence and the market too.
Why do you think the market is up?
because everyone sees that there is no
way out other than not escalating and
that's also why we can be sure there
will be no escalation because it's
simply not possible unless you go bad
&gt;&gt; let's go continue back to institution
analyst what they're saying here is a
com uh analyst called CIC they're the
Goldman Sachs of China apparently
maintains an outperform rating for Tesla
with a target price of $500 so based on
their research report in April um after
the Q1 report earnings they saw the
thesis mix of stable izing automotive
financials, right? The financial auto
financials look good and in fact
rebounding in Europe, in uh China, in
South Asia and also in um even the US
accelerated software and AI road maps
was sort of key things. So of course the
quart of financials met expectations.
They highlighted the midpoint of the
gross margins is showing continued
improvement. That was shocking that the
Tesla's gross margins went up. FSE
adoption is a major catalyst. FSE
subscriptions, right, obviously went up.
that's actively driving the rebound in
overall sales. So whether or not FSE can
actually help be a driver, the firm
views Tesla's transition to broader AI
technologies as a massive value driver
accelerating development upcoming scale
of robo taxi and humanized. So they saw
things pretty black and white. They saw
it as yeah this is the autos business
doing the financials are doing good and
we see that they're now making bets on
the broader AI tech and that looks like
it's still on track. I mean you saw it
also like just watching the stock. So
they release the earnings report stock
goes to 405 like that tells you
everything. That's where the stock
should be. And then what happened the
earnings call? Nothing. They they talked
about 25 billion in capex. If that's the
reason to drop a stock in the middle of
an AI transformation that they are
spending like what 15% of meta or
something like what's your problem? Like
what's even happening? So
&gt;&gt; and it's only five billion of a
increase.
&gt;&gt; It's like
&gt;&gt; who cares? I mean I care it's actually
good. It's good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's what I mean like on the
negative side like you're increasing
five billion and let's drop the stock.
Sell sell. Okay.
&gt;&gt; So it's truly irrational. Like the only
things you could say is oh capex 5
billions 5 billion higher. Like that's
not a bad thing and in a bull market
that's actually very good. And second
robo taxi. Well what was actually said
about robo taxi? I don't know. Was there
anything said that is
&gt;&gt; well that that's part of my point is
that if you look at the
institutionalists none of them said none
of them have highlighted the fact that
uh oh Elon's not being earnings uh uh
superior material super material this
year was not the big thing it was retail
analyst who went psycho with that
statement but the institutionalist
here's one Craig Irwin of Roth by the
way you you know that Roth Capital
&gt;&gt; he was a to bear Yeah, I was going to
say, you know, you remember this guy was
the biggest bear. Hated Tesla. He
&gt;&gt; for him. He just changed his opinion.
This is fine.
&gt;&gt; He flipped, but he's like flipped big
time. He's a buy rating, maintain a
price target for $55. His key takeaway
from the earnings call, of course, the
strong Q1 results, positive demand, and
solid management of average selling
prices. Increased capital expenditure
guidance for 2026 up five billion
refocuses investor attention on
long-term growth areas including the
teraf facility. He saw that as good
news.
&gt;&gt; Also, I tell you I tell you one thing
about Craig like we have to understand
the game. It's sad but it's true. So
Craig had his conviction. He was a total
bear. He works for Roth. I can guarantee
you here's how it went down. His boss
called him. He's like, "Bro, we have
clients. They are pissed. They want to
hear Tesla's awesome. Okay, I will take
a second look at my bottle. Oops, I
overlooked something. It's actually
super bull. That's we have to understand
the game. This is about money and sales
also for these analysts and banks. So,
you should always take it with a grain
of salt. That's why the best people are
people who are independent on YouTube,
who are not dependent on some client
telling them something because at least
we can think freely and tell you what we
actually think because all these
employees are not they are not always
honest about what's really going on,
&gt;&gt; right? It's hard to know why they
flipped, especially when somebody
flipped big time. Uh the one point that
he did make is that they noted that
upcoming market debates around Tesla
might be heavily influenced by a pending
SpaceX IPO pointing to potential impacts
ranging from SpaceX ordering Cybert
trucks to the possibility of a Tesla
Tesla SpaceX merger. So that's something
to think about you know what's going to
happen if that becomes it seems to be
pretty accepted now by all investor
community that SpaceX and and Tesla will
merge. The firm maintained a bullish
stance indicating they would be buyers
on any weakness or pullback in a stock
price. So, they're pretty good
statements. What's your thought on the
SpaceX comment that it's I don't I don't
know how to read what he just said
there.
&gt;&gt; You know what's funny about SpaceX? Like
everyone is so casual. Oh yeah, of
course they're going to merge. I have
many questions about this merger like on
a technical level. Most important being
what's the price? Like you will have two
publicly traded companies. So what is
the acquisition price? Who determines
that exactly? I I'm pretty sure SpaceX
will acquire Tesla, not the other way
around. But
&gt;&gt; no, for sure.
&gt;&gt; But what's the
&gt;&gt; because he wants a dual he wants a dual
class shares. That's one of his major
goals to to give that up is a big deal.
He doesn't need it,
&gt;&gt; but it would be just more
&gt;&gt; the question will be how do you price
Tesla? This is a non-trivial question.
&gt;&gt; Do you are you one of the people who
there's uh I think I saw you I saw you
reacted to this. Somebody asked your
opinion on this. Um, another YouTuber
came out and there was a conspiracy
theory saying that they believe that
Elon is purposely
uh sandbagging the earnings call because
he purposely wants Tesla stock to be low
because he wants SpaceX when it goes
public in June and then maybe a monthly
or two later they will announce a
acquisition of Tesla. He wants Tesla
stock to be low purposely. He's doing
this purposely.
What's your reaction to that?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's a very tricky thing. I
think generally conspiracies, I don't
buy it. I think it's actually way too
complicated to plan these things. This
having said, in a obvious situation like
this, I don't know the exact plan, but
if the plan is SpaceX acquires Tesla and
Elon has incentives to have a lower
price, I don't think there's a hard
conspiracy that has that Elon says, "Oh,
let's drive the price down." That would
also be super illegal and piss everyone
off. So you have to be cautious. You
can't just piss people off. But I think
this implicit bias,
it's not impossible that it does
something, right? If you know it's
absolutely against your interest to to
pump the stock, you're not going to pump
the stock. And the difference between
pumping and bad mouthing it is a big
difference, right? But if you're like,
"Oh, should I go out of my way to pump
the stock to the moon if it's just bad
for me?" Sure, you're not going to do
it. So,
you know, I think so I'm like a
non-extremist when it comes to this. I
don't think there's like a hard
conspiracy, but I'm also not naive
enough to say like it plays no role in
your behavior.
And I think for us, do I really care? I
don't care. Like, what are we talking
about? That Tesla is 5% lower than it
could be at the acquisition or 10%?
Like, does it really matter? I don't
think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't I I don't I'm not one to
buy into this, but let's let's play it
out. Um, right now the going number that
we're hearing that the IPO road show is
actually happening now for SpaceX. And
they're going around and I think it's
pretty certain that they're saying 1.75
trillion. That's the valuation of SpaceX
right now. 1.75 trillion. They're going
to raise $75 billion. Okay, let's assume
that that's correct. That's June. That's
like in a month or two. They go IPO 1.75
trillion. Where's Tesla now? 1 trillion,
1.2 trillion, whatever, right? It's like
bouncing around that number 18.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think it matters. Let's
say that a it stays. Perfect. Maybe
that's why he wants to keep it low. But
what he will do is he will do a premium.
He will he will say SpaceX will buy
Tesla, but I'll give you a 20 30%
premium, which is like 1.5 trillion, 1.6
6 trillion because then he'll get a lot
more of the shareholders, especially the
big whales agreeing and voting yes for
this merger. On the other side, uh let's
say he doesn't do that. Let's say
Roboaxi becomes so like everybody gets
so excited about Robo Taxi, the price on
its own jumps up to 1.6 trillion. What
what what has Larry Goldberg has been
saying? It's a merger of equals. We
merge it equally. So as long as Tesla
stock doesn't go to two trillion then
then uh that's where the possible issue
happens.
&gt;&gt; So I don't I don't think that in by the
way the the idea right now is that in
June IPO that SpaceX will go IPO
&gt;&gt; in 15 days two things happen. One it
turned out that SpaceX investors are
only given 15-day hold lockup. Normally
when a company goes by IPO they will be
held for 3 months minimum sometimes six
months where you cannot sell your IPO
your new shares but here why just 15
days. Well turns out that they can be
entered into accepted into the NASDAQ
within 15 days. So I think what will
happen and this is what you know
Alexandra and Larry are saying 15 days
after the IPO happens then they will
make an announcement that says SpaceX
will acquire Tesla and then when they do
that uh the Tesla and SpaceX just by
announcing it the actual uh merger won't
happen till next year but just
announcing it the the stocks will now
move in lock step with each other so it
doesn't matter
&gt;&gt; but I
I believe that probably SpaceX has to
acquire Tesla, not the other way around.
And
&gt;&gt; yes, I because they have dual class
shares and Elon has 10x of voting rights
than other normal shareholders, which is
by the way the same model that almost
every other company has except for
Tesla. Dual class shares is a normal
thing that large all the Max 7s have
this by the way. So are most
&gt;&gt; so strategically it's very clear SpaceX
wants to acquire Tesla not the other way
around. Then it's very clear if Tesla is
significantly larger than SpaceX that's
not great for the whole plan.
&gt;&gt; So that should be avoided. We know they
go public at 1.75 trillion. We know
there is enormous appetite. I think it
will go above two trillion very quickly
maybe at IPO because there is enormous
appetite for this. That's the situation.
Now if Tesla is low at 1.2 2 trillion
1.3 trillion by then maybe and now it's
at 1.18 trillion that's good because
then SpaceX can say it's a merger of
equals we pay you massive premium that
doesn't matter because SpaceX is going
to vote yes anyway because Elon controls
it so the SpaceX people they can't get
too pissed I think the odds that Tesla
people get pissed is much much higher
right because Tesla has all the cash
flow SpaceX is a little overvalued on PE
and everything I I'm a complete believer
this is like the biggest thing ever. But
as a Tesla investor, you say, "Wait, we
have all the cash. We have all the
infrastructure. We have robo taxi
coming." And now you want to merge us
into a thing that takes another three
years to have heavy cash flow or another
what that's annoying. You need to pay us
a big premium. So the higher Tesla is,
the bigger the problem becomes. If Tesla
is at 1.2 1.3 trillion, SpaceX is two
trillion, you pay 700 billion premium.
That's juicy, right? Then Tesla MS say
fine, I'm voting yes. But if you pay a
hundred billion, 200 billion, even 300
billion, Tesla investors might say, "No,
screw you." And Elon needs the votes.
So,
&gt;&gt; yes, you want the differential to be as
high as possible. That means SpaceX
needs to be hyped and that benefits
Tesla and then of course Tesla, you
don't want it, you don't want it to be
at 490 like from that perspective.
So I think everyone understands that
it's not ideal, right? That this might
be a consideration, but I don't I to
give the conspiracy some credit. I don't
think Elon is in a mood to go out of his
way to boost Tesla's stock with all
kinds of crazy activities.
&gt;&gt; Could be. I guess that is something to
consider.
&gt;&gt; Boost SpaceX and they're on a good
track. That is good for us as Tesla
shareholders anyway. if they boost
SpaceX to the moon to 2.5 trillion or
something, which might absolutely happen
if there's hype like after IPO,
&gt;&gt; well, they get accepted into a NASDAQ.
So, that's why you want them to announce
an a Tesla merger prior to so that when
they get accepted to NASDAQ, Tesla stock
goes up, too. And then two, they're
going to communicate to you guys, one
thing that a few Tesla investors are
aware of is that Starlink all by itself,
which is already existing today. Nothing
fancy. We're not talking about creating
a city on the moon. We're not talking
about AI data centers. Just Starlink all
alone has enough market growth, revenue
growth, it's equivalent to the robo taxi
business in the U and that Tesla has at
the same time. So if that is true,
according to Aaron Bernett, according to
Larry Goldberg, this is what they taught
me. If that is true, then there are they
truly are mergers of equals as opposed
to Tesla investors going why would I
want SpaceX to buy me and we're like
they're nowhere near they only have like
8 billion of 15 billion of revenue from
Starlink only. We have 100 billion in
our c you know revenue per from our
cars. FSC is coming. Robo taxi is
coming. Well the answer is that Starlink
according to these guys is the same as
robo taxi revenue. So they truly are
more of an um merger vehicle than than
not.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm a little doubt like I'm not
totally sold on that. I think SpaceX is
amazing. I see the future revenue as
absolutely
uh galactic, but I don't think Starink
is as strong as Robo Taxi because
Roboaxi will be the biggest cash
printing machine ever. Staling is nice.
It's scaling fast on a lower basis than
Tesla total. Of course, it's a great
business, but not it's not robo taxi.
Okay. Well, this is what they they did a
whole show with me. Whether you believe
it or not, but basically they're saying
version three of Starlink is whatever. I
can't remember the number, but it's six
times wider, six time bandwidth. It
changes the game and the number of
people that will do it. And they're
competing. And then eventually, very
soon they will also have mobile like
direct to sell like you know. Okay. Um
&gt;&gt; well, it's very simple math, right? If
you have if if people would actually pay
a,000 bucks a year roughly whatever 80
85 bucks a month for stalling and you
have a billion users you have a trillion
revenue.
&gt;&gt; If I do robo taxi numbers I get above a
trillion quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's when it happens timing it
happens but by the way their their their
um
&gt;&gt; their margins is higher than robo taxi.
They don't have all the operations. It's
just all it's all sunk cost at that
point.
mostly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not saying it's bad, but um
&gt;&gt; that's why he's saying that yes, 15
billion revenue. People go, "Well,
that's only 15 billion, but Tesla has
100 billion." Okay, well, let's take a
look at margin. And he's saying that,
you know, that that 15 billion revenue
is equivalent to uh $60 billion worth of
Tesla's revenue.
&gt;&gt; But the 15 billion is not Starling. 15
billion is all of SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; It's almost almost Yeah, but it's almost
all Starlink. Yeah. um they did that
they did that show and now you know so
you've got RBC Capital maintaining a buy
rating uh price target 475 and then you
got buyer they lowered their price from
538 to 522 but they still kept in
outperforming and by the way it's still
522
so the the the price targets of these
guys uh seem to be four mid 400s over
500
they're bullish
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah I the institutions ions didn't
uh blink. I think they're right about
it. I think if anything, this was a
bullish earnings season, earnings event
uh for Tesla. So, I don't see any
concerns here. I think the SpaceX
situation will be interesting to
navigate, but the the odds that we get a
significant boost are very high.
&gt;&gt; It's very high.
&gt;&gt; And I think this is not priced in. Of
course, they don't want it priced in
because then the boot like,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's a chicken and egg or
whatever catch 22 situation. You don't
want
&gt;&gt; us to talk too much about it. So,
everyone goes into Tesla and drives it
up to 450 because everyone knows they're
going to get a premium because then you
can't give it a premium. But between you
and me and our viewers, I think it's a
good setup.
&gt;&gt; It's uh I think we're seeing more and
more people being converted to the idea
that SpaceX will buy or announce that
they will uh merge want to merge with
Tesla. all the breadcrumbs are there
that that's happening and if that's the
case the question is when and again the
analysis is that in June when SpaceX
goes IPO very shortly after that they
will make that announcement if that
happens and we can reason
&gt;&gt; I think what we can be sure of is SpaceX
doesn't have a voting problem because
Elon controls it Tesla has a voting
problem what does it mean the offer
needs to be juicy if you don't make a
juicy offer the Tesla shares might not
vote for it. So
&gt;&gt; specifically the top big whale Tesla
shareholders, we're talking State Street
and others, you know, they they you have
to convince them because now they're
going to be diluted. So they're
shareholder is not as powerful and so
then they they need to be rewarded.
Okay. So we'll see what happens there.
But thank you for walking me through all
of that. Follow Joe on his website,
pionerlands.org.
Check him out on his ex uh channel on
Xac account at Joe Bacti and his YouTube
channel Joe Bacti. Thanks everybody.
Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.