Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Tesla Isn't Worried About Waymo & Zoox
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhaFAZQd_Ik
Published:   2026-08-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-07 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Robo taxis will never happen except that
they already have happened and have
happened across more than one brand.
Therefore, we have to move the goalpost
somewhere. Let's move them to uh it's
never going to work for Tesla. It's the
end of the road and we've got some
evidence to back it up. Whimo doing
well. Zuks going to the [music] public
market for paid rides. All that's very
exciting. But we're going to find out
what it's really about. And when I say
we, I mean John, Dr. to know it all
himself is joining me uh from afar at
tremendous inconvenience and we're
grateful to have him. I'm Brian. Welcome
to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So John, uh before I jump right in, I
should mention, I don't know how many
people know this, you have a channel, a
fantastic channel. This is your uh X
account knowitall16.
Uh you know, you can do all kinds of
stuff. 69.8. Uh, we missed 69420.
Uh, we're one away from 699. I think
that's
&gt;&gt; exciting. And of course, we have your
channel itself. Very cool stuff.
97.7,000
subscribers. We got to get them to 100K.
Guys, you know what you have to do. What
we're going to talk about is the big
news today. Uh, and when I say today, I
mean, uh, Wednesday was the big news.
That's when we recorded this. Zuks,
owned by Amazon, will officially begin
its first ever paid robo taxi ride in
Las Vegas next Monday. They'll start
charging passengers with pricing similar
to the comfort tier offered by other
ride hailing companies, which typically
offers newer roomier vehicles at fairs
about 20 to 40% higher than standard
ride hailing services. Good news, bad
news, no news. What do we got here?
&gt;&gt; I think it's good news. So, uh, my wife
and I got to take a ride in ISUs for
free if I'm remembering correctly
because it was Las Vegas last year. We
had to, you know, whatever put in to say
that we wanted to do it and we got
approved while we were there visiting
and we got a ride and it was was
perfectly nice. Um, a little bit more
robotic than a a Tesla. It felt
somewhere less than a Whimo. I've been
so I've been in a Zuks, a Whimo, and of
course a Tesla uh taxi. The Tesla drives
like a human being. you wouldn't ever
notice, but the uh and and then the
Whimo drives a little more more like a
robot. And then the Zuks drives the most
like a robot. By the way, this is not
the Bahamas behind me, but I am actually
in the Bahamas right now on a cruise,
which I said I swore I would never do in
my life. But so folks need to be tuning
in because I'm doing little shorts every
day going like, am I going to turn into
a cruise person by the end of eight
days? We'll have to wait and see. I
don't know yet. So yeah, there you go.
&gt;&gt; All exciting stuff. So, uh, digging a
little deep, Zuks's regulator,
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; you know, Zuk's regulatory win is a is a
win for Tesla, too. [snorts] Tesla
hasn't tried to seek regulatory approval
for its cyber cap, nor is it likely to
now that the US cleared Zuks to deploy
its own robo taxi with no wheels or
pedals. Tesla's bet has long been that
it doesn't need permission to launch the
two seat cyber cab uh because they're
dumping the outdated regulations that
would prevent it. And Nitsa uh Nitsa's
ruling should make Tesla even more
confident that it can skip the red tape.
So catch up quick. Zuk sought and
received an exemption from the FMVSS for
its purpose-built robo taxi. So uh it's
for up to 5,000 vehicles over two years.
Uh, and of course if it works it works.
If it doesn't then that was good to put
the limit on there though I can't
imagine Zuks having the capacity to
build more than 5,000 in the next 2
years.
&gt;&gt; So these are all safety driven things.
Uh what do we make of all that approval?
Is this is this Zuk's getting out ahead
of Tesla or is this you know just uh
helping everybody rising the tide for
all ships as it were? I think it's
raising the tide for everybody, but I
think that Tesla, they made a note that
that was not the method they were going
for was to get the exemption because
there's a cap of 5,000. And I don't know
quite how many cyber cabs they already
have in the parking lots, but you know,
we're probably talking about multiple
hundreds closing in on a thousand at
this point. They they want to be able to
push these out in the multiple
thousands, not just a couple of
thousand. So, I think that that is their
goal long term. Should they have gone
ahead and pushed for an exemption to
start with? Maybe. Um because I don't
know how long it's going to take them to
get the first uh cyber cab on the road.
Even if it's perfectly drivable,
everything's fine. If they don't have
the regulatory approval, what difference
is it going to make? You're it's they're
going to sit in parking lots and gather
dust. So, um it it's a risk on Tesla's
part not to go for the exemption and
just try to get it and to instead press
for uh you know, fullcourt press. Let's
get the whole thing all at once. Let's
just get the law changed. Um, who's
going to succeed? Well, Zuks in the
short term because they're they have
cars on the road charging for rides. All
true. All true. So, I guess my question
would be, uh, does it matter if Zuks is
charging comfort plus? If we look at
Whimo, uh, Whimo also charges a premium
and they charge a lot. If you look at uh
San Francisco, which is where all the
&gt;&gt; exciting early early uh tests were done,
&gt;&gt; Whimo's cheaper than Uber on rides
longer than 8 minutes in San Francisco,
but only because you don't tip. If you
did tip 15% that close the driver closes
the per mile gap. Uh Whimo versus Uber
Premium. Uh so the idea is that
[clears throat] and these are outrageous
fairs, John. They're like uh $45 drop
fee and then three to three three and a
half bucks a mile.
&gt;&gt; It's h it's it's eye watering and so
&gt;&gt; right which is a little odd cuz I
thought the point of these autonomous
vehicles was that they were supposed to
be cheaper because hey you don't have a
person in there but clearly at this
stage of the game they are by no means
cheaper. They're they're the you know
the premium. You can get a cheaper Uber
ride than Whimo at this point. which is
a little surprising quite frankly.
&gt;&gt; Is it? Is it though because the the
vehicles are already premium.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, the vehicles are already
premium plus you've got all those
sensors, all that compute and Whimo is
positively bleeding cash from the
eyeball holes uh trying to scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can they ever get that cost down to a
reasonable amount?
&gt;&gt; Right. and and uh and and of course
because Tesla buries robo taxi in uh all
of their expenses, we don't know exactly
how much or little. We don't know if
they're losing money, making money,
breaking even. We have no idea at this
point. I would imagine that they are not
breaking even at this point simply
because there are so few cars on the
road that the infrastructure costs are
very high to be running all of this
stuff. And of course, they're all still
in the same stage that Zuks and Whimo
are, which is just gain market share,
gain experience, understand what's going
on, and accept that you're going to lose
a lot of money in the meantime. Um, do
they need to make money? Does Tesla need
to make money on this? No. But I guess
Whimo ultimately doesn't either. Zuks
doesn't either because they all have,
you know, they all sugar daddies with
with big wallets that they can they can
go to and say, "We need a couple billion
more dollars." And they'll give it to
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is a rich company's game.
Not just a rich person, but I mean it it
needs to be a company with exceptionally
deep pockets in China. We're seeing
leaders that are all, you know,
multi-tens of billion dollar companies.
Uh you know, Xiaoang and BYU and all of
those um there are I think a hundred
different companies with uh f with robo
taxi permits across China. They had to
put a moratorium on it because look, if
you've got your permit, you can use it,
but we are not accepting additional
vehicles or companies at this time. Uh,
you guys got to sort it out, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, China is really the wild west when
it comes to autonomy, and I don't know.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm I don't I'm sure it's a good
thing in some ways, but not in others.
Do you think that Zuks has a path to
profitability when they're only making a
handful of cars basically by hand on
their own assembly line?
&gt;&gt; That especially given the fact that
they're just charging effectively the
same price as Uber and and you know if
you think about Uber, the person already
owns a car. The person's already been
trained to drive. They take care of
insurance. All of that good stuff.
Although I think anyway, but whatever.
their expenses. Uber's expenses are
significantly lower than Zuk's and
they're effectively the same price. So I
can't imagine that Zuks is I mean
maybe five years away from turning a
profit for a single quarter. Um I mean
we're talking about a long game at this
point. I especially at the rate like
you're saying where they're just
building a few hundred cars to I don't
know what their new facilities are
supposed to be but it's not very many,
right? It's like maybe a thousand a
year. It it's it's pretty minimal. It
looks like the place where Tesla built
their original Roadster. It's a shop.
&gt;&gt; Uh you could I mean, okay, it's in an
industrial park, but that's that's still
a shop, my friend. Uh so I don't I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; They are really nice. I mean, I really
enjoyed being inside the car. It feels
nice, but it's clearly it's like it's
not as expensive as a Ferrari, but it's
on that order because it's like they're
building these individually, pushing the
parts in, adjusting them, you know, it's
it's not at any kind of mass scale at
this point. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Interestingly, this will maybe surprise
you, Ferrari does use an assembly line.
They have the robots and the lifts and
all that.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and they're insanely profitable
because they know their market.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I I shouldn't throw them
under the bus because I say that, but
you it's it's the handmade
&gt;&gt; uh maybe Lamborghini or something like
that or maybe a McLaren is a better
option is that I just don't want to
compare a Zuks to a multi-million dollar
car, but but you know, but it's the same
idea. It is like Roadster. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and I if you were to take all
of their costs and divide it by the
units they've built, they're certainly
in if not hypercar, certainly supercar
territory in terms of what it cost them.
Uh and we can't count that. What I'm
counting is the scale. Once they have
scaled to what they consider scale, I
just am not sure there's a path to
profitability. The plus side is Amazon
could use the same driverless technology
should it work for deliveries.
&gt;&gt; They got a little ace in the hole there.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; It doesn't work for that. Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh and you know again even even if
the circumstance is that the vehicles
are partially driving autonomously and
then we have last mile humans doing
things you know whatever that situation
is it doesn't even have to be 100%
effective it can just do most of the
work which will still be advantageous
for Amazon. So they in in my mind
they're sort of like look if it's
profitable that's great if it's not
we'll just subsume that technology we'll
see Zuk's delivery vehicles instead.
It'll be like, "Hey, the car just pulled
up to your driveway, you know, go pick
up your bag." Or or there'll be a little
robot that'll put it out on your
driveway or something and it'll drive
off. So, yeah, I I would think that
that's their backup plan at this point
or maybe their primary plan.
&gt;&gt; If you live within 5 10 miles of a
fulfillment center, yeah, you just put
the lockers inside of each zuks, you
just when the door opens, uh, box 12
unlocks and you take your package. Mhm.
Uh and I could see that being a
cost-effective solution for them where
robo taxi and cyber cab specifically
from Tesla would be going after a much
broader market. Um do you expect to see
any additional players come online in
the US in the next couple years in terms
of paid rides? I
yeah I I don't even know about maybe
well Chinese Chinese car companies would
be the the ones that would be the
competition but they're blocked out of
the US market at this point so I don't
foresee that being possible so no I
don't know you know Cruz is not going to
do it um um yeah I I don't think I don't
think there's anybody else that's left
standing be just primarily because
there's not enough people with enough
money in their pockets. It's it's a rich
man it's a rich company's game like like
you said.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think in Europe we might see
different competition in China. I don't
know how Whimo or Zuks would stand a
chance because their operating costs are
just astronomical compared to uh the
local offerings. Um it would be
interesting to watch and see. Uh guys,
uh thank you for being super patient
with uh us while we deal with the lag uh
issues from the cruise. It should be
resolved in post. It should look okay.
If there's any weird pauses, that's
that's our fault. Don't worry about it.
It's not you. Uh but you know what you
should do because John needs it. I need
it is you should subscribe. You got to
subscribe. I'd appreciate it. And uh you
know what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else subscribe and stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots when you
back ashore.