Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Might Be Signaling Something Bigger For Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifrglzv66-4
Published:   2026-04-21 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-21 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Tesla prepares for the earnings call
tomorrow, Elon Musk gave a hint of
what's to come. First, despite Ford CEO
Jim Farley taking a swing at Elon,
saying there's no need to pay attention
to Tesla as he says they don't have an
updated vehicle and the real competition
to Ford is BYD. Elon didn't hit back. He
simply commented on a post saying Tesla
Model Y was the top selling vehicle in
China and that this is before supervised
FSD is approved in China. Elon seems to
be confident approval will come soon.
Second, in response to another post
showing how Ford targeted a run rate of
2 million electric vehicles by end of
2026, but they only have 27,000 right
now, and GM targeted a run rate of 1
million by end of last year, but only
got to 10% of that. Elon simply said,
"This is harder than it looks." Third, a
new report is saying Tesla will launch
the Model Y L in India as soon as this
week. And the Netherlands is set to
present the results of Tesla's FSD to
the EU committee on May 5th with a vote
at the end of June. Finally, we'll
review the top seven questions investors
will be asking for tomorrow's Q1
earnings call. As you heard, Tesla has a
number of great things they seem to be
setting up to announce for the call.
Joining us today is Jeff Lutz. He's a
multi-deade supply chain executive and
chief quality officer. He's now CEO of
his own high-tech manufacturing
consulting firm. Welcome, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, yeah, lots of interesting stuff to
discuss. What happened to the
competition? We'll find out here.
&gt;&gt; What happened to the competition? Yeah,
you can explain that uh better than most
people can. This is Jim Farley, CEO of
Ford. And in fact, you'll see in a in a
very recent interview, he actually said
we were number two to Tesla.
So, in this interview, uh, he was asked
about Chinese EV competition. Look what
he said. Goes, "If you're an American
and you want us to beat the Chinese in
the car business, you're all going to
want to pay attention." Not necessarily
to Tesla. What? Nothing against Tesla.
They've been doing great, but they
really don't have an updated vehicle.
The best in the business for us
cost-wise and competition wise, supply
chain, manufacturing expertise, and the
IP in the vehicle was really BYD.
In this next cycle of EV customers in
the US, they want pickups and utilities
and all these different body styles, but
they want them at 30,000, not 50,000.
Like the first inning, they want them
affordably. This is the gift that China
give us to be fearful and respectful
enough of their progress that we could
not organically just phone it in. We
needed to do what Americans sometimes do
great, which is use innovation to
compete against the best in the world.
Wow.
Oh, he took a swipe at Tesla here,
saying that it's not Tesla that we're
worried about, it's the Chinese.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and I I think there's a
fundamental thing that's missed. It was
the thing that really helped me identify
the actual problems with BYD early on
and earlier than a lot of think a lot of
people were talking about it. And I
think when I predicted it at the time, I
think it was November of I think it was
2024, I looked at a lot of the supply
chain metrics and said there's an
underlying problem here. And this is
where what an auto CEO someone I don't
think he has a supply chain background
and I I mean the product background too
is even it' be interesting to understand
better. This is what's this is what's
this is what's missed. You can go buy a
B by car, tear it down and say, "Wow,
they did some things from a cost
perspective that are really good.
They're really that are really efficient
and there everything's being sourced in
China and everything's being sourced at
these very low." Fine. Got that. Put
that to the side. That's building a a
sample size of one. But then you have to
go look at the business and you have to
say, "Well, is that what they're doing?
Do they have two models? And are they
plowing in a million units each of
volume behind each one, getting
efficiencies within their supply base,
their supply base starts making more
money, they start making more money,
then you can get the the the quarterly
uh uh reductions in COGS and and get
that flywheel turning because that's
what's happening at Tesla.
That's what's and when you have low
model when you have low model count, you
can you can have many efficiencies
throughout the supply chain. uh you can
get more volume per part number from
your suppi from your suppliers. So they
run one one part more continuously. They
don't have to take take the line down or
take their tool down to switch over to
something else. If they can run
continuously, they get more efficient in
your factory. If you're switching over
between 40 EV models, you're not
efficient. You're switching back and
forth. And that downtime is money that's
just being lit on fire. It doesn't help
a consumer. it doesn't help you. And I
think that's the fundamental thing that
all these people that are slobbering
over Chinese auto manufacturers or any
auto manufacturer are missing. And the
one I keep telling people that you
should keep an eye on is Xiaomi because
they're not switching between 40
different models. They have high amounts
of automation, low amounts of labor in
their process. So it takes them longer
to ramp but and they have a good product
CEO but take them to the side because
they're honestly the unicorn in China.
The rest of what I'm seeing especially
in this BYYD case study is he's wrong.
Like his quotes here are wrong. He is
talking about product and not a
business. BYD did not make a successful
EV business. And it's even questionable
if there's a successful EV car here. If
if they if they're built in China and
they have these low price points and
they're making 12 and 15 and $20,000
vehicles, why aren't they selling more
than the $45,000 Tesla Model Y
Tesla Model Y? Why can't they do that?
And there's an answer to that and it's
it's a multi-dimensional answer. And as
Elon said, this is just hardware and
metal competing against hardware and
metal from one company or another. wait
till we ship unsupervised. So I my
takeaway here is he is analyzing the
competition incorrectly. You you should
be going and and and buying competitive
vehicles, tearing them down. Are they
using a unique material? Are they using
a unique process? What's the total part
count of this vehicle? There are things
that you can gleam from a tearown if
you're really good at doing this. And
this is what Sandy and his team are very
astute at doing as well u at in his
business. And and companies pay for
these tearowns or they do them
themselves. So I think he's missing the
difference between a tearown and then
the operational excellence and the the
whole design of the business. I think
the whole design of the business for
Chinese EV has serious problems and
we're seeing it right now. Yeah, you
were first to uh point that out before
anybody even um thought that that was
going to be the case. That did turn out
to be the case. I love what you just
said. It's he's focusing on product, not
the business. So, here's what Elon did
say. So, first of all, Sawyer then added
to that interview. He says something
that Jim Farley didn't mention in that
interview that is worth noting. The
Tesla Model Y was the top selling
passenger vehicle in China in March with
39,000 registrations, beating all EVs
and ICE models, gas cars. despite its
average selling price being higher than
others in a top 10 list. And Elon
responded he said this is before FSE is
approved in China. Limiting factor is
production output in China Shanghai.
There's two points here, Jeeoff. One,
he's saying as you said, right? It's
like one thing, okay, we've got two
models. You're not worried about us.
Great. We're about to get approval in
China for FSE, supervised FSE. So, first
of all, that is confidence that that's
coming. He has said it might come in two
two days. The second statement he said
is limiting factors production open in
Shanghai. So people don't don't realize
this, but they keep saying, "Oh, you
know, competition's coming and Tesla's
in trouble. Tesla's selling every car
they can make. So if they can make more,
they would have sold more." Um, what's
your comment on both of these?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that there could be some
truth to that in terms of them their own
self-limiting of capacity, but I also
think he's also projecting of that too.
He's also projecting into the future
which is in a supervised FSD and an
unsupervised FSD world we will be
hardware limited the the the performance
the capability of that system and that
offering to consumers will now make us
hardware more hardware limited than ever
uh because they could just add they
could add capacity to to Shanghai and
Shanghai is doing well but I think you
if you're Tesla you want one of these
moments where there's just such a huge
uptake
because it's so much better than the
competition. And they already have that
with the Model Y. It's it's very clearly
it's beating all cars at all price
tiers. Just imagine the destruction it's
doing at the price tier it's at. There's
nobody that's even close to them. So,
typically what you want to do is when
you're competing on foreign soil, you
you want to own and dominate the price
tier that you're shipping your product
at. Tesla's owning and dominating all
the price tiers. So I think and he's
making the distinction when unsupervised
comes out they're going to have a even a
bigger problem.
&gt;&gt; He said supervised FSD when that's
&gt;&gt; supervised. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But eventually they'll need to
make more. It's coming soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think China will be double one and a
half to two times the adoption rate in
the US. We haven't seen the real
adoption rate. It came out as kind of
this beta at FSD version, you know, even
12. And I think it really, you know, we
we've talked about this at times. Hey,
it wasn't working so well and people
just turn it off and say, I'll I'll use
it when it's, you know, much much
better. So, the way it's going to launch
in China, you know, version 14 or 15,
it's going to get a huge I think a hu
because China is just so much more tech.
Their consumers are a bit more
&gt;&gt; uh tolerant and tech forward and some of
that. Doesn't mean that they're, you
know, not saying anything bad about
North America, but it's just the truth.
&gt;&gt; Here's another thing. Uh Ford CEO Jim
Farley said in the same interview said
this. Okay, we were number two to Tesla
for three or four years in EVs.
We moved really fast, but these were
designed the wrong way. Let's put it
that way. So, they lost a lot of money.
We got to see how customers choose. We
also came out with a hybrid F-150,
America's bestselling truck. We
hybridized it before Ram, and they still
don't even have a hybrid. So, we got to
learn before any of our competitors
where the EV market was already going.
And with the escalated fuel price, it's
only reinforced it. We got out of our
high-end EVs, but what we decided to do
is double down on our affordable ones.
And that is what's selling today around
the world, not just in US. You look at
Australia, you look at China, you look
at Europe, all those markets are moving
to a pure EV being more of a commuter
type lowcost vehicle. That's really
where the market is has already gone. I
think it's the right strategy. Hybrids.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I think I want to make this
joke. I want to do it in the right way.
Like the number two, you you put the
Pooh icon next to it. But I think it's
appropriate. I I think they've had um
it's a distant number, too. Okay. So, I
I don't know. It's it's more of like can
I fool the interviewer in this
conversation and say something like
that? I mean, if you look at the
numbers,
it's it's a fraction of where they said
they would be in terms of in terms of
volume. And uh I I think him just kind
of classifying where the market is that
just EVs are commuter vehicles and then
everybody wants another type of vehicle
for everything else. I think Elon is
saying transportation is going to
change. It's cost per mile and there's a
style element to it and there's going to
be small vehicles for commutes and
they're going to be rid share and and
there's going to be larger vehicles for
ride share as well. But the steering
wheel is going away. So I think Elon is
five and 10 years ahead of of how this
thinking. He's talking about F-150 and
Ram and putting a hybrid in and you
making it I these are very kind of
tactical conversations, but the the
numbers don't lie in terms of what Model
Y is doing. And again, Ford is a good
good US company. We want Ford to do
well. I just saw that uh Doug Field
who's ex Tesla who led the Model 3
integration and engineering
and bringup uh he's leaving Ford. I
didn't see a lot of didn't get picked up
a lot and then he left.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz it was a failure.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's got to be a big loss. I
know they hired a lot of other other
people, but yeah, I'd be interested to
see where they're where they're actually
going because if you look at it over a
fiveyear horizon, what they said that
they would do versus what they're
actually doing are two different things.
And Tesla gets dinged on this. Tesla,
you know, hey, why aren't you at 3
million and 4 million vehicles per year?
And I I think there's clearly two things
going on. One thing is Tesla made a hard
turn towards autonomy and said we're not
going to be focused on a bunch of new
vehicles. We're going to be focused on
getting autonomy and therefore there
wasn't a Model 2 or a Model Q type
vehicle. I think that's debatable. I
think you can totally debate that either
side of that argument. There's not every
decision was made was perfect. But I
also think that when people were asking
for that model 2 vehicle during CO, you
would you wouldn't get a model 2 vehicle
during CO. Everything all the prices,
all the supply chains were seized up and
they really didn't catch up for a couple
of years. So you'd never get the price
or efficiency in the supply chain to
produce a really good vehicle like that.
And that's why you don't see a lot of
sub $30,000 vehicles in the Americas uh
because you there was just a huge issue
and even in China you that those didn't
come about until the last couple of
years. So, um, so I think anyway, I
think it's a bizarre interview to call
yourself like number two or to whatever
and then to say that to not look at
Tesla, but to keep I I this to me this
fawning over the the the Chinese thing
is a getting a little bit old. I think
what you should do is you should look at
what they're doing well. Forget about
the country they're in. Look at the
process and look at the action and look
at the results and look what they're
doing well. What they did well is over a
12 to 15 year time frame they built a
multi-layered supply chain from minerals
all the way to finished product. That's
what they did really well. The other
thing they've done really well is
they've uh yeah, you start thinking
through the modules, right? Batteries
and so forth. they've done they've
they've they've went from a country that
was behind in battery production uh to
leading in battery production and that's
what they've done well. So that's
yielded charging stations, that's
yielded battery modules, that's yielded
all the all the minerals for permanent
magnets for everything. They they have
done a really good job and you can't
take that away from China. They have
dominated there. But you have to look at
you have to look at everything. So then
you look at some of the products. I
can't name a great ch like one single
Chinese EV that's just like dominating
the world. Can you I mean I can't name
it. Can you? We study this industry. I
can say BYD song or this or that, but
they're not great car. I mean, they're
just they're they're not. So, I think
they have work to do on product and I
think they have work to do on business
and structure so you can be successful.
Xiaomi's products, those are those are
potentially great products and we'll
see. We'll see how the quality is. We'll
see how everything plays out over the
next couple of years. But to put this
like this US CEOs like they got to get
their act together and you got to
compete and you have to figure out
what's working, what's not working and
you have to figure out where you're
going to make strategic investment. Look
what they did. They invested in EV. They
got all this money from the government
in the US and they they were going to
build all these battery factories and
now it's all bunk. Now Tesla's buying GM
and Ford um battery capacity and now GM
and Ford are trying to build stationary
storage with the remaining capacity.
These guys are just flip. It's just like
turning like they're just floating in
the wind saying, "Oh, this is what the
market wants." No, you missed the
market. You didn't have the right price.
You didn't have the right cost
structure. And you didn't have the right
overall supply chain for these products.
And this is why you failed. So, it's not
we're doing what we're meeting the
market. You didn't meet the market what
what the market needed at the right
time.
&gt;&gt; This is in 2022, March 2022. It's the
Lantis' long-term strategic plan. Here's
what they thought would happen. That by
by the end of 2030, by 2026, you can see
here that they would be launching all of
these new bees and that they would have
1 million by 2024, 5 million by 2030.
actually 2023 it was uh 350 and they
thought they'd be 1 million. Guess where
they're at? Well, yeah, they they
actually did not hit that at all, of
course. And here's Ford. They said that
they'd be at 2 million BEVs by end of
2026. They got only 27,000. So, less
than 1% less than.1%. Missed the mark by
over 98%.
GM said that they'd be at million by
2025 and of course they're down by 90%.
So Zil said some people blame Elon for
being late on Tesla's robo taxi when
every other legacy manufacturer fumbled
on their transitions to be. There's no
accountability for legacy manufacturers.
Uh Elon said this is harder than it
looks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's no accountability and
there's no again there it doesn't feel
like they have the right permanent
long-term sol and this is why they're
trading single digit and low double
digit pees is because of because of this
fact. So, I don't know. I mean, these
CEOs draw a big salary, make a lot of
money,
uh, but what you get paid to do as a CEO
is uh, for vision and for strategy and
to remove roadblocks from your team. And
it just seems like
they're they're struggling. And in every
case, if you look at Tesla and what they
did, they took on
all of these hard problems. I'm not
saying Tesla's been perfect, by the way.
Tesla should have been at three or maybe
four million units at this point in time
and they're at half that. But they're
not at 10%. They're not like totally
whiffing. They they have the best
selling car in the world and they're
transitioning to autonomy. So I think
this I think there's a moment coming
where
vehicle sales changes. The number of
people buying their own vehicle changes.
I think the decision starts to change
with a robo taxi at scale of do I buy
that second car? Do I even have a
primary car if I'm in an urban
environment anymore? There's people
making that decision right now with Uber
and Uber is very expensive. So, I think
there's another massive change coming.
And while these these US CEOs are like
slobbering over China, trying to chase
China, Elon's 10 steps ahead and saying
this isn't going to be a 16 million unit
a year thing anymore in the US. There's
going to be fleets of these things that
pick people up and drop them off
whenever they need. And then when they
don't need it, it's not in their face
anymore. That's what the future is. It's
a big bet by Tesla and Elon. It doesn't
mean that they don't have the
bestselling car in the world to fall
back on and it doesn't mean that they
can't take the robo taxi platform and
make other vehicles off it, which I
think they will. Uh so what it means is
these CEOs have got to focus on
they whiffed in 2020, they whiffed in
2022, 2025. You think of the you you
think of the vehicle cycles and how long
it takes you to develop a vehicle.
&gt;&gt; You know, the Model 3 came out in 2017.
The Model Y came out in 2020. They've
had 6 years to build an equivalent
vehicle and they can't do it. And as
soon as they they may figure something
out in 2027,
the Tesla version of that vehicle will
drive itself.
&gt;&gt; Self-driving. Yeah, that's the other
thing is buy a car that is self-driving.
um they're going to have hybrids and
that's what they're working on. Okay. Uh
two big things uh might be coming. One
is uh reports by Bloomberg saying that
Tesla's preparing to launch the Model Y
L in India as soon as this week. And
then the other one is the Netherlands as
you everybody here should know by now.
They were they approved Tesla's full
self-driving. Well, apparently there's a
meeting on May 5th and the vote might be
at the end of June. I'm not going to
hold my breath on this one uh because
you know they they often uh take a lot
longer than we think. But if it could
happen as as early as the end of June.
If at least 50% of the EU countries vote
in favor of FSE, it'll be approved
automatically in all 27 EU countries.
Can you believe it? It can even happen
as soon as June. Um so that's it. Now
let's go through the seven top voted
questions. Tesla's Q1 earnings calls
tomorrow. And the first one is, when
will we have the Optimus V3 reveal? When
will Optimus production start? Since we
ended the Model S and X production
earlier than midyear, what's the
expected Optimus production rate exiting
this year? What are the initial targeted
skills? Um, yeah, good question. That's
the big one.
&gt;&gt; I think what they're going to do with um
remember in in a in in manufacturing I
talked about before, you have a
production line. and you have a high
volume production line which will be
this 1 million unit a year in in Fremont
and then eventually you know 10 times
that or more in in Austin but prior to
that line there's a a smaller version of
that line that has less equipment it's
shorter we would call that an NPI line
and I wouldn't be surprised if that line
is built regardless of the SRX being
torn down in Fremont like they just they
build that line and that line can build
an Optimus
It can't build an Optimus. It can't
build one every 5 seconds, but it can
build an Optimus pre-production or with
maybe production parts, and it just does
it at a slower rate and slower. It's a
smaller capacity footprint. So, if I'm
Tesla, I would consider having that
line. Not telling Tesla what to do. They
certainly know how to transition into
production, but that I could see them.
I'm just trying to voice over what I
could see them doing. And they have that
capability ready to go in Fremont. It
would be more than what they have in the
engineering labs where they're hand
building but less capacity than a
production line. And it's something that
they can build version 4 Optimus
prototypes on and and get that going
too. So you need something along the pro
production operation where you can
experiment with new parts or even the
new version of the product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh do you think they'll answer
these questions? I think it's it's good
that Optimus was actually the first
question, you know, instead of um
&gt;&gt; I think it's Q3 reveal and and they
promised a V3 reveal in Q1 and they
haven't given a new date. So, they
should give a new date.
&gt;&gt; They should give a new date and and it's
good that um the assumption is that they
should be answering questions about FSE
and robo taxi during the earnings call
anyway. So, this would be one that they
might not answer. So, that's great. What
milestones are you targeting for
unsupervised FSD and robo taxi expansion
beyond Austin this year and how will
that drive recurring revenue? Thoughts
on that question?
&gt;&gt; I don't like how this is uh
&gt;&gt; no
&gt;&gt; worded because he's going to say, well,
we're in the Bay Area and now we're in
Houston and Dallas and then this
question could ultimately end. Uh I I I
would try to be more definitive in terms
of, you know, what did you think you
were going to do in the last three
months and what did you actually do? and
what are you seeing that we're not
seeing? Uh but I'd also be be more
definitive when when when do you get to
your first thousand, your first 10,000,
and your first 100,000? Have you thought
through those those 10x? You know, Elon
likes to think in orders of magnitude.
&gt;&gt; Give him a question in order orders of
magnitude.
&gt;&gt; In a previous show, you said that you
don't you don't think Elon should be
making these short-term predictions when
they can often be wrong.
&gt;&gt; He should be able to know when they can
make a thousand. And then I think the
10,000 is a longer term prediction and
the 100,000 certainly is as well.
&gt;&gt; Uh, of course the investors are very
many of them own hardware 3 cars as I do
one of my cars. How will hardware 3 cars
reach unsupervised FSD? They answered
it. Every earnings call they kind of do
talk about this. So they they will
probably talk about it. I think,
&gt;&gt; look, I mean, there's 3 to four million
by all estimates cars that are out with
this version and and that's a a third of
Tesla's fleet at a minimum. So,
they have to they have to answer this
question and they have to communicate
with
uh owners of this because it could
become, you know, a a more difficult
thing for them over time. and just
having that plan. They may not know the
plan, but just date for a date,
understanding next steps. I think the
last communications were is we're
working on a a light version of 14, but
what does that mean? Like, what is a
light version? Like, I know a Diet Coke
is zero calories and fake sugar, but I
don't know what a light version of 14
is.
&gt;&gt; And that's the question. Is it
unsupervised or is it just going to be
great FSD, but it's not? It's supervised
great supervised FSD. We don't know
that. Um, I'm hoping that the answer is
that the work we did with 14.3.1
allows us to create a light version and
that it's going to come in the next six
months or a year, whatever number they
date they want to put in. But yeah, can
it actually even achieve unsupervised?
That's the big question because even
some people are saying the cameras are
just not good enough regardless.
&gt;&gt; I let the Tesla determine
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that
&gt;&gt; when do you expect FSE unsupervised to
reach customer cars? And again, I think
that that is one of those questions they
shouldn't answer, but you know, Elon
will say something and then everybody
gets excited and then he's wrong in
terms of dates.
&gt;&gt; Five's terrible. I can't believe it's
voted up, but okay.
&gt;&gt; And then the next one is, uh, when will
Roboax expand passes current limited
rollout? Well, gez.
Okay. Uh, is version 14.3 the last piece
of the puzzle to enable large scale
unsupervised FSD and robot taxi, or do
we have to wait until version 15? Good
question.
&gt;&gt; I like it. Yeah. Again, we don't know
what this is. The problem with these
versions. Um I I think people should
stick to functionality and less on
versions because they can make they can
make version 15 next month for all we
know. They just reabel like 1432 as
version 15.
&gt;&gt; Um you really we really have to
understand we have to tie things to more
definitive
&gt;&gt; milestones of functionality. What time
frame do you believe we get that
unsupervised?
&gt;&gt; They're using 14.3 right now for those
cars in uh Austin. I think that that was
validated or not sure if it's fully
confirmed, but that was the um thinking
and we're you and I are driving 14.3
right now and uh it's amazing. It is f
it is already in my my mind unsupervised
already. So I'm not I don't think you
have to wait for version 15, but it's
nice for somebody to just confirm that
that's the case. What is Tesla doing to
scale the energy generation business
with solar? Residential roof deployments
have stalled. Will Tesla move to
regional solar and battery farms perhaps
coupled to superchargers? Deploy solar
through utilities solar.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's kind of a product question. I
I I
would be more focused on what happened
in the energy business. It was growing
at a significant quarterly pace and
year-on-year pace. And this quarter was
less than the c Q1 of the prior year and
it was 40% off of consensus. Is it a
supply issue? Is it demand issue? Is
this the nor should we not be looking at
energy? I don't believe we should be
looking at energy on 90-day windows. I
just don't there's so many things with
these interconnect cues that could
happen. But it is rational to say like
what happened yearon year. what happened
on a trailing 12-month basis because we
are growing at such a large clip. What
is there something here that we don't
know about? Um,
yeah. Yeah. And with the solar business,
I just be be more
definitive in your questions, whether
it's deployment, sizing, quant, you
know, gigawatt hours or or what, but you
know, when does the Okay, when does the
Tesla solar factory get to the 100 um
gawatt hour scale? When does it get
there? What what month or what quarter
and what year?
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, these were the top seven
questions so far. It will probably
change before tomorrow's earnings call.
U but you had a question uh you you
wanted them to answer the question like
why did we not get to 500 or sorry
doubling of robot unsupervised robots
rob
what did you see that were not seeing as
users of your product that caused you to
limit the roll out below your guidance
that you gave 90 days ago. And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; that will hopefully elicit some for sort
of objective answer. My other question
was around energy. Were you supply or
demand limited being 40% off of
consensus? I'm not a big fan of
consensus, by the way, because it's a
bunch of people that are outside of the
company guessing on what the number
should be, but there is some validity to
that number should have been well over
10 gawatt hours and we came in at eight
in change. So what what happened? Were
you supply or demand limited or
combination? And talking about
consensus, this is the consensus that
Tesla shared with regards to a select
group of institutional investors. So you
I'm not going to read through this
today, but you can take a look at what
the consensus is of these analysts, what
they're expecting that Tesla will report
in the P&amp;L.
&gt;&gt; Anything here to stand out to you?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, the EPS is
&gt;&gt; I can't read this. This was covered.
&gt;&gt; These are not growth business. None of
these are growth business numbers. So,
if I'm an analyst, like when do these
things really start looking like growth
businesses?
Is it is there when's the inflection
point Tesla? When when do you see that
happening? That would be the question.
Thank you very much, Jeff. Follow him on
his ex account, the Jeff Lots. We're
going to be looking we're going to do a
live stream tomorrow. Join us at 12:30
Pacific time for the earnings live
stream. Thanks everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.