Channel:     electrified
Title:       The "Real" Cybercab Starts Production & Incredible Optimus Patent ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RzaxMWm3Sk
Published:   2026-04-18 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-18 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. Joe Tetmire today said
something big has changed at Viga Texas.
We have at least 14 cyber cabs in the
outbound lot without steering wheels.
Here's a zoomed in look at one of the
photos and very clearly there's no
steering wheel. A few things. I see
people saying that these are the cyber
cabs that will be deployed to the robo
taxi network potentially soon. But I'm
not so sure because you'll see the
engineering decal still on the side of
these vehicles, which to me is a great
indication that yes, they may be without
a steering wheel, but they're clearly
still engineering test vehicles. And
when it comes to the great debate, I'm
not changing my stance at all, but
before everybody starts dunking on
Farzod here, don't forget what he
actually said. He said that Q2 of 2027
is when he thinks Tesla would build a
Cyber Cab with a steering wheel and
pedals. It's true though that that
framework was under the now faulty
assumption that Tesla would be limited
to 2500 cyber cabs per year. But as we
learned a few weeks back with Tesla's
self-certification, they don't expect to
need that exemption, meaning Tesla is
not expecting to be limited by that 2500
unit cap at all. So, we're just going to
have to wait and see, but certainly an
exciting milestone. And as expected,
most of April is just going to be these
engineering vehicles, both with and
without steering wheels and Tesla
deploying them across the country for
testing, validation, and ultimately
getting ready for official production
variants that will eventually be
deployed to the robo taxi network. And I
say it like that because at this point,
it is just a matter of testing and
validation. The robo taxi tracker tells
us there are now up to 13 unsupervised
vehicles in the Austin fleet, which yes,
on one hand is not breaking any records,
but on the other hand, it is up almost
100% just in the past few weeks. So
clearly Tesla's FSD software is capable
of running unsupervised. The question
becomes, how long will Tesla want to
test the Cyber Cab before feeling
comfortable deploying that and its
camera suite onto the network? And as
the supercharger sleuth just pointed out
today, Marco said Tesla's planning a
major robo taxi charging buildout in the
Phoenix East Valley. Pre-ermits were
submitted last week for the addition of
56 V4 charging stalls and the
application explicitly states the
chargers will not be for public use. So
clearly this will be for internal use by
Tesla to charge its robo taxis. And I've
always thought that Phoenix has a high
likelihood of being the next city that
Tesla deploys to. But Marco also said
Tesla submitted a draft for another
proposed location in the city of Mesa,
also listed as private use. And of
course, this site in Phoenix does not
have to be live for Tesla to launch a
robo taxi service in the city. But as
I've been saying, we should be seeing
some fireworks here in the next few
months. And as expected, we did get the
updated standing SGO from Nitsa for
incident data for robo taxis across the
country. But rather than sharing it in
this brutal CSV file, I just went
through it and pulled out all of Tesla's
data. Now, unfortunately, Tesla is the
only company in this report that redacts
most of the crucial information. Under
this Nitsa reporting framework,
companies have the option to redact
under the CBI confidential business
information and Tesla chose to do so.
But the main takeaway with this updated
data now including the month of March,
it's true Tesla had zero incidents for
March, meaning the last one was January
of this year. Also, we don't get
specific dates. So, it just tells us the
month and the time, no date. But going
back to June last year when Tesla
launched the service, total across that
entire time through March this year,
Tesla had 15 incidents. And in all of
those, there was only one minor injury.
But five of those 15 incidents were when
Tesla's robo taxis were going 0 m an
hour, meaning somebody else actually hit
the Tesla and it wasn't Tesla's fault.
So that drops the total where Tesla was
at fault down to 10. And the first
incident, July 2025, Tesla's robo taxi
was going 8 m an hour and hit a fixed
object. But because of the redacted
info, we don't know exactly what was
hit. And this was the only incident
where there was any injury. And again,
it was minor. But in this case, the
Tesla vehicle was towed. Incident two
was also in July. And just to be
technical, there was a minor injury in
this one where apparently it led to a
hospitalization. Both Tesla and an SUV
were making a right turn around 2 m an
hour. But I'd say there's an asterisk
here because the initial reporting had
no injury, no hospitalization. That
detail was not added until 5 months
after the fact. So something to note,
but no airbags were deployed for that
one. And again, it was a very low-speed
incident. So I'm not going to read
through the specifics of all of these. I
just want to give you the timeline. So
incident three was September last year.
Incident four, September of last year.
And of course, you can pause if you want
to read the detail. Incident five,
October of last year. This was actually
the highest speed incident for Tesla,
one that occurred at 18 miles an hour.
Incident six in December. Incident 7 in
January. Incident 8 in January. Incident
9 January. And the last one we have,
incident 10, also January. So this means
Tesla's incidentfree months of February
and March are the first two backto back
for the robo taxi service. And for me, I
think that's a pretty strong data point
as to why we're seeing the unsupervised
vehicles start to slowly tick up. And
interestingly, if you were pausing to
read, most of those incidents were
contact with fixed objects. And one
other data point I found to be
interesting, six of those 10 incidents
were after 8:30 p.m., meaning they were
at night in dark conditions. But Tesla's
first ever back-toback incidentfree
months is some strong momentum as we
head deeper into this ever important Q2.
But as always to share the good and the
bad, Abby Manu shared this video of his
robo taxi basically getting stuck in an
infinite loop in a parking garage. He
got in his unsupervised ride right at
the outside of the parking garage and I
believe the destination was on the other
side, but the robo taxi through the
navigation, went into the parking
garage, drove all the way to the top and
then ended the ride at the top of the
parking garage. So, he restarted the
trip and then the car turned around,
went all the way back down and
eventually made it to the destination.
And for early adopters who are excited
about the tech and want the content for
social media, not a huge deal. But for
the average person who needs to get
somewhere efficiently, not what you want
to see. And again, because my
understanding is Tesla allowed the
navigation to use a bit of this
reasoning, they're still figuring things
out. But so far, that experiment has not
been great. And the fact that Tesla is
struggling so mightily with something
that really should be so
straightforward, like navigation, really
is confounding. But on a positive note,
I thought this was somewhat encouraging
to show us that the robo taxi software,
whatever exact branch they're running,
is still quite comparable to what we
have on our customer cars. Meaning
fleetwide, at least with AI4 for now, we
really all are right there. And for
those of you with hardware 3, just a
reminder, the most recent info we have,
Ashoke said, once the version 14 release
series is fully done, we're planning on
working on a V14 light version for
hardware 3. And adjusting for the timing
of this comment, he said probably
expected in Q2 this year, which would
give Tesla until June this year to
deliver that. Shifting to Europe, I saw
Roland first share the actual agenda for
the TCMV meeting coming up on May 5th.
And he must have got it from an insider
because if you go to the actual website
where they upload these documents, the
most recent one is still for March 24th
this year. But with that clarification
out of the way, this does appear to be
an official document. And as expected
for this meeting on May 5th, you will
see for only 20 minutes they have the
presentation by the Netherlands on an
update on article 39. And what you will
not find on this agenda specifically is
the vote, which is exactly why I said
there's a good chance the RDW makes the
presentation at this meeting, but then
they wait to hold the vote until the
meeting later on June 30th. And given
that this presentation and commentary
and questioning and all of that likely
is not going to happen in 20 minutes,
including a vote, I think now the most
likely outcome is the vote does happen
on June 30th, not at this May 5th
meeting. But again, individual countries
are free to adopt this approval by the
RDW whenever they choose, regardless of
what happens with the vote. We had a
patent that Tesla filed back October
2024 just get published. And what do you
know? It has to do with Tesla's very
intricate hand and forearm design for
Optimus and we think for V3. That's
because everything we've heard publicly
from Elon and the team about what
they're planning to do with the new
hand, which when I say hand does include
the forearm, is actually confirmed and
validated in this patent. And the timing
here matters because I've seen people
say, "Well, if Tesla filed this back
October 2024, then the design likely
changed a lot since then." And to some
degree, that certainly may be true. But
what Tesla did next, I think tells us a
lot more. What Tesla actually did
October 2024 was file a placeholder
patent, which basically just locks in
the timing and Tesla's intent. And with
that placeholder filing, Tesla then got
12 months to basically say, "Hey, if any
other company like Figure tries to do
anything along these lines after this
date, well, we have priority." And from
that date, Tesla had 12 months to either
let that placeholder filing lapse or to
lock it in and file a real patent under
the PCT, which is just a single
international filing that can cover 150
plus different countries. and it locks
in Tesla's initial placeholder date as
giving them that priority. And this PCT
filing gives Tesla roughly another 2
years to decide exactly what countries
it wants protections in. While of course
they continue to iterate on the design.
So I explained that because if Tesla let
the placeholder filing lapse, then okay,
they're probably not going forward with
that design. But that's not what Tesla
did. They did decide to internationalize
this patent. And yes, Tesla has started
a national filing for China where Elon
said he expects the most competition for
humanoids. All that to say, what's in
this patent, outside of maybe some
material changes and some minor
adjustments, is likely what Tesla is
planning on sending into production for
Optimus V3. So, some of the bigger
takeaways from this patent, Tesla is
officially moving away from having
actuators in the hand itself, moving
those into the forearm, which again is
biomimetic. It's going to mimic our
biomechanics and it'll result in much
less weight in the hand. Tesla refers to
that as distal weight because it's the
furthest part away from the center of
the robot, meaning the hand is going to
be a lot lighter and more nimble and
easier to maneuver, ultimately resulting
in more precise activity. Also, in the
patent, it's confirmed each Optimus arm
is going to have 25 actuators, 23 for
the fingers and then two for the wrist.
And I think arguably one of the biggest
breakthroughs in this patent is how
Tesla is dealing with cable management.
Meaning the way Tesla's going to
simulate our tendons using cables.
Typically a big problem with humanoids
is when there's movement in the wrist,
you're going to have those cables going
from the forearm into the hand. So when
the wrist moves, you're going to get
some of those cables being yanked on and
they have to extend and they contract.
Meaning sometimes when the wrist moves,
you'll get tweaking or twitching in the
fingers because those cables are getting
yanked from the movement of the wrist.
But in this patent, Tesla has found a
solution to that problem. Meaning Tesla
will have 22 degrees of freedom in each
hand. And the rough expectation is that
a human hand is around 27 degrees of
freedom, which would put the Optimus
hand right there, very close to human
dexterity. And one other major solution
is how Tesla's going to use these curved
rolling contact surfaces which will
mimic our knuckles. So each of the four
fingers, not the thumb, are going to
have these four different segments. And
then the cables which are simulating the
tendons are going to be placed precisely
in these channels and grooves. Some will
be routed behind the joints and then
some will be routed in front. So
ultimately each segment will be able to
bend independently again without yanking
on the cables. And so this is going to
give Tesla that dexterity and all those
degrees of freedom with very few parts
per finger. As in this design, Tesla
only has three of these thin braided
polymer tendons in each finger. So as
Tesla has said all along, this design is
aimed for mass volume manufacturing. And
because each finger is going to have
three of those thin flexible cables
which are mimicking the tendons, those
are going to run from the actuators in
the forearm through the wrist into the
palm and then along those integrated
channels or grooves inside each finger.
And because of Tesla's creativity here
with that cable management and where
they're placing those, it's going to
avoid all of that unwanted motion and
any twitching, if you will, of yanking
on cables when you don't want it. And
each finger is going to have four
segments of those rolling contact
joints, while the thumb will have three.
And for these segments, those contact
surfaces roll against each other instead
of rotating around a fixed pin, which
should give a much more natural bending
motion and let that pivot point move a
little bit as the finger curls, which of
course more closely simulates how a real
finger works. And the wrist can now move
in two directions. means it can tilt up
and down and then rotate side to side.
And it looks like Tesla will do this
using only two motors instead of four.
And Tesla's doing this by moving both
motors in the same direction to tilt the
wrist and then moving them in opposite
directions to rotate it. So, it appears
to be a mechanical trick that'll reduce
the weight and the overall parts without
really having to sacrifice much range of
motion. But again, it seems like one of
the coolest things in here is how Tesla
is handling these cables or the tendons.
So throughout the forearm part, those
cables are stacked horizontally. But
then as they go through the wrist right
here, through that transition zone they
call it, they then flip to being stacked
vertically. But this entire bundle when
it goes right through the wrist is
placed perfectly. So the wrist can still
rotate and move around freely without
impacting this stack of cables. Of
course, I'll have the whole patent
linked below. I'll be honest though, I
feel like I need some more time with it
to really understand because there's a
lot more in there, of course. And it is
pretty technical, but I think this is
certainly signal that Tesla is planning
to move forward with this design given
the behavior around the filing of the
patent. And if you're thinking, well,
wait a second. Now this is out there.
Other companies can copy what Tesla's
doing. But guys, don't forget what
happened on the auto side. Tesla's stuff
has been out there for years. The other
companies still can't copy them because
Tesla makes so many of these parts
inhouse vertically integrated. You
cannot go buy these things off a shelf.
And with Optimus, to some degree, Tesla
will actually be making the machines
that make the parts, whether themselves
or in partnership with their suppliers.
So maybe a brand new robotics startup
can look at this and say, "Okay, this is
a good blueprint for how we can move
forward." But for all the existing
companies that already have their own
things in place, the complexity here is
just not something that can be easily
duplicated. And oh, by the way, if Tesla
actually wanted to enforce the patent,
well, if it gets granted, then they can.
With very serendipitous timing based on
what we've been talking about lately,
this study was just published, EV
battery second life and recycling
pathways. It says, "We assess the
economics in repurposing and recycling
of EV batteries by estimating the
maximum acquisition price that
repurposers and recyclers like redwood
materials could pay for used EV packs
across cathode chemistries, first life
conditions, second life applications,
and recycling processes. The takeaway,
we find that repurposing is more
economical than recycling for LFP
batteries due to their relatively long
life and low value materials. Whereas
recycling is generally more economical
than repurposing for lithium, nickel,
cobalt, aluminum oxide or NCA batteries
due to their shorter life in higher
value materials. But again, over time,
this may be changing based on Jeff Dawn
and his lab and what they just showed
about the cycle life of these
nickelbased batteries. But for now, to
focus on the main takeaway from the
study, they're saying that rather than
recycling LFP battery packs, it's
actually more economical to use them in
a Second Life for battery storage. So,
it's not just something that can happen
economically, it's actually something
that should happen. They said, "We
estimate the repurposing cost of around
$12 per kilowatt hour at the pack level,
and that's for a Tesla Model S pack."
And this is not just hypothetical for
Tesla. In the study, they said we used
Model S packs as our base case, which
have a name plate capacity of 85 kwatt
hours. Just know, you can't take the $12
per kilowatt hour and multiply it by 85
and then say, "Wo, it's only going to
cost about $1,000 to turn a Model S
battery pack into battery storage
because that number alone would really
just be for validation of the battery
pack. You would still need enclosures
and inverters and some other things
before it can actually function for
battery storage. But the takeaway here
is that over the next 10 years, as this
industry develops, we're going to have
much more flexibility, not just as
customers, but as Tesla and what it can
do with its used vehicles as these
battery packs reach their end of life on
the roads. And it's just so frustrating
to me because we still have millions of
people that think these battery packs
are a liability when they're done in the
EVs. And clearly, that is absolutely not
the case. Tesla is now suing the state
of North Dakota in its quest to open a
pair of car dealerships in Bismar and
Fargo. And they just had a hearing
Monday this week. This because right
now, North Dakota law prohibits vehicle
manufacturers from owning car
dealerships and requires them to sell
their products to franchise dealerships
for resale. Tesla is asking the court to
declare the company does not fall within
the definition of manufacturer contained
in state law. If the court disagrees and
Tesla is determined to be a manufacturer
under the law, Tesla's asking the court
to determine whether an exception in the
statute applies to their case. Tesla
just wants to be able to sell its cars
in North Dakota and not force customers
who would wish to buy a Tesla vehicle to
have to drive to Minnesota or another
state to do it. Court documents said
there are more than 800 Tesla vehicles
registered in North Dakota, which is
painfully low, but clearly effectively
these Tesla vehicles have been
unavailable in the state. And the AG in
North Dakota, like a real you know what,
said Tesla can operate in North Dakota
the same way that every other
manufacturer does. They can appoint
dealers, they can enter into franchise
agreements, and they can sell through
that. The worst part, Tesla would not
automatically get licenses for its two
proposed dealerships if the company
prevails in the case. A favorable ruling
by the court would only allow Tesla to
reapply and give it the opportunity to
convince the North Dakota Department of
Transportation it meets all the other
legal requirements for a dealership
license. One bit of information, take it
or leave it. North Dakota is one of the
biggest oil producers in the United
States. It contributes tens of billions
of dollars annually to the North Dakota
economy. So, of course, that industry
heavily influences the direction that
North Dakota State is going, which is
part of why it's been such a lagard with
EVs to date. Tesla's spring software
update is now rolling out. One
undocumented change, it looks like the
shortcut icons at the bottom of the UI
are now bigger. And one of the robo taxi
features for the rear screen in the cars
is now coming to customer vehicles. You
can actually see the destination and
arrival time from the back screen. as we
said. So, for all the parents having to
answer the question from the kids, are
we there yet? There you go. Tesla will
be celebrating its official launch into
Estonia this month on April 24th. And
they'll be hosting an event on that day
to celebrate. Now, Estonia is a pretty
small market. They do maybe 25,000 auto
sales a year. EVs are maybe in the
neighborhood of a few thousand units per
year. So, this won't be a huge needle
mover, but there is some charging
infrastructure already set up there. So
nice to see Tesla finally enter the
market. Samsung has completed
preparations for the operation of its
foundry in Taylor, Texas, and will hold
a major equipment installation ceremony
on the 24th of this month. Bear in mind,
this marks 3 and 1/2 years since the
first groundbreaking in November 2022.
And this plant was initially set to
enter operations in October 2024, but as
we've covered, there have been multiple
delays. Samsung plans to produce Tesla's
AI5 and AI6 using the 2 nanometer
process at this plant. And the timeline
checks out. We have this equipment
installed. They'll need likely at least
a year before they can get yields
anywhere near to stable for production
for Tesla, which takes us to where we've
been expecting sometime late 2027 for
actual AI5 maybe being out in the wild.
Tesla's now getting ready to launch the
Model Y L in India, and that could
happen as early as next week. Since we
had a lot of other things to talk about
today, I'm not going to do a deep dive
on what Elon said here. But I do feel
like I owe a short explanation since I
said I'd give it when he said both chips
AI5 and AI6 have around half of the trip
AI computation accelerators dedicated to
SRAMM. So effective memory bandwidth is
an order of magnitude greater than DRAM
bandwidth for any calculations in SRAMM
cache. So, back to AI5. Those trip AI
accelerators are just Tesla's in-house
name for how it does all of the tensor
or the matrix level math for these
neural nets. Just like Google has its
custom TPUs, its tensor processing
units, Tesla's trip AI accelerators are
effectively the same thing, and they'd
be in this processing die here in the
middle. And what Elon is saying is Tesla
made a trade-off and they decided to
give up some of the raw flop compute
power of this processing die and instead
they're dedicating it to SRAMM which at
the simplest form can just be thought of
as much faster memory. And then on the
sides as we talked about we have a
separate memory that would still be
classified as DRAM which is a bit slower
than SRAMM. And while yes, this DRAM is
integrated on this package right here,
it's technically off the main processing
die, unlike the SRAMM which is on it.
So, as Elon said, around half of the
trip AI accelerators on this main
processing die are actually dedicated to
SRAMM, which is part of how Tesla gets
that order of magnitude improvement in
memory bandwidth for any of those math
calculations that are done on the SRAMM
because again, it's right next to the
main processing compute in this central
die. Much closer than the DRAM on the
sides, although even that is still close
relative to AI4. But something tells me
we're not done talking about this. So
maybe on a slower news day in the
future, we can revisit this. But for
now, all I can say is that we
desperately one day need a documentary
on Tesla's engineering team and how it
made many of these decisions. Tesla
Manufacturing shared a new video with
Lars over at Gigab Berlin. And when it
comes to the GigaCast process,
previously the cycle time was around 120
seconds, but at Gigab Berlin, they got
that down to 68 seconds. So, we figured
out we have some areas that are too hot
and we have a much better cooling system
now and that's why we can run so so
fast.
&gt;&gt; I mean, to get 30% better cooling out of
the same machine is really impressive.
But what's even more impressive is I
know that you built this team from like
nothing. When we made Giga Castings, no
one in the world was doing it. So, we
had to start with people that just had
an interest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this team is really the pirates.
At the beginning, we started it up and
it was at the beginning, we had a lot of
problems, you know. And that's why also
we developed with this engineering team
the whole process in a direction that we
are running much smoother. If you see
the spirit of the team members they are
fighting every second to get the best
out of this job.
&gt;&gt; So I just realized that for the past 30
minutes I have been recording with my
mic on mute and I have to get somewhere
tonight so I don't have time to go back
and re-record all of that. Now it wasn't
crucial information but if you're
wondering why didn't Dylan talk about
this today? Well, likely there is your
answer. Ah, my bad. But real quick, I
will point out data from S&amp;P Global
showed that in Q4, SpaceX bought about
18% of the Cyber Trucks that were sold.
SpaceX bought 1,279
of the just over 7,000 that were sold in
Q4. Tesla stock closed the day at
$40062,
up 3.01%, while the NDX was up 1.3%. the
volume was 36% higher than the average.
So again, my apologies for that
recording blunder, but hope you all have
a wonderful weekend and a huge thank you
to all of my Patreon supporters.