Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       The Secret Ring Under Tesla's $17 Billion Mega Factory
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix6yc6R0seg
Published:   2026-08-25 14:48 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-25 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX and Tesla just made their biggest
bets in industrial history with the
first phase of Terraab in Grimes County,
Texas. A 17 billion dollar chipmaking
complex that will eventually become the
largest building on the planet by far
with over 100 million square ft of
factory space which will be 50 times
bigger than the Pentagon. But the real
story is the secretive ring around the
planned facility. This ring will house
one of the most mind-blowing
technologies that is being worked on
today and is the secret sauce that will
enable the massive scale that Tesla and
SpaceX are going after by making
thousands of times more chips than are
being built today. Elon Musk himself
confirmed what this ring was in a post
on X. Now, this ring is a new kind of
extreme ultraviolet light source that's
used to make chips called a free
electron laser or FEL. And once I
explain to you how this technology works
on an already mindblowing industry that
is the chipm industry, your brain is
going to absolutely melt. In today's
video, I'm going to walk you through why
this ring at Terra Fab is such a huge
deal. How it enables an entire system to
become one of the most technologically
advanced and valuable assets that humans
will ever build. Why it's one of the
most important geopolitical moves of the
next 20 years. And why it leads to an
inevitable merger between two of the
biggest companies in the world. And the
crazy thing is that I'm already
experiencing this new reality in my own
home with my Madic robot, which is the
sponsor of today's video. I have a Madic
robot vacuum in our house that we use
every single day, and it is easily the
most reliable robot vacuum we've ever
owned. It runs a five camera vision
system powered by AI, which is the same
pure vision approach Tesla uses for FSD.
And just like a Tesla, it gets software
updates that make it smarter over time.
The app is easily one of the most
intuitive apps I've ever used. Ours is
named Roberto. He's great with the kids.
And my wife, who has some of the highest
cleaning standards I've ever seen in a
human being, doesn't hate this thing. If
you knew my wife, that's a 20,000 star
review on Amazon. So, if you want to
check it out, use my referral link in
the description or the comment section
below. And thank you so much to Maddic
for sponsoring this video. All right, so
now let's start walking through why free
electron laser technology or FEL is such
a big deal by starting from the very
beginning of how chips are made. Every
advanced chip begins as a flat disc of
extremely pure silicon called a wafer.
The factory adds very thin layers of
different materials to that wafer. Then
it prints an incredibly detailed pattern
onto a light sensitive coating. Other
machines remove selected materials. They
add new materials. They implant specific
patterns. They polish the surface and
inspect it. Then the factory repeats
those steps hundreds of times until
billions of microscopic electronic
switches and wires form on a working
chip. Now the printing step on the chip
is called lithography. And on that step
when the features and the little
transistors become really really small
ordinary light is too blunt to draw
them. So the most advanced chip
factories use extreme ultraviolet light
or EUV. It has a wavelength of 13.5
nanome which is extremely small and
nanometer is 1 billionth of a meter and
that wavelength is more than 14 times
shorter than the deep ultraviolet light
that's used by the previous generation
of machines. What that means is with
shorter light you can print much finer
details on the chip. The problem is that
you cannot buy a 13.5 nanometer light
bulb. That's why today's commercial
systems create EUV through a process
that sounds completely insane. Inside an
ASML lithography machine, which is the
only one of its kind, a generator fires
microscopic drops of molten tin through
a vacuum. Each drop is about 25 microns
wide, which is 2 to four times smaller
than the average human hair. Then a
laser pulse flattens the drop. And then
a second laser that's made up of carbon
dioxide that's far more powerful
vaporizes it into plasma, which is an
extremely hot electrically charged gas.
That plasma releases a burst of EUV
light. That machine does this up to
50,000 times every single second. Then a
set of mirrors collects a tiny amount of
useful 13.5 nanometer light and directs
it towards a pattern max which acts like
a master stencil for one layer of the
chip and more mirrors shrink and reflect
that pattern onto the wafer. The thing
to remember is EUV gets absorbed by
almost everything. So the whole path has
to remain inside a vacuum and use
mirrors instead of ordinary glass
lenses. ASML, the Dutch company that
builds these systems, spent decades
making this reliable enough for
factories. It remains the only company
selling production EUV scanners for
leading edge chip makers. One of these
machines costs anywhere between 200 and
$400 million. And the amount of usable
light is incredibly important because
more light means the machine can expose
each wafer faster. When ASML
industrialized a 250 W source, it
enabled roughly 125 wafers per hour.
more source power can push more silicon
through the same incredibly expensive
scanner. Now, ASML has kept improving
that system and demonstrated a,000 watt
plasma source in April of 2025, although
the company says a commercial version
will still take time. So, conventional
EUV is absolutely still advancing, but
the tin plasma source is brutally
complicated. It has to hit tens of
thousands of moving droplets every
single second and control the debris
created by those explosions. It also has
to protect the collector mirrors while
converting a massive amount of
electrical power into a relatively small
amount of useful EUV light. But a free
electron laser or FEL tries to make the
same 13.5 nanometer light in a
completely different way. And that is
the secret behind the ring that we saw
earlier in this video. This whole thing
starts with an electron gun that
releases a controlled beam. Rapidly
changing electrical fields accelerate
those electrons until they are moving
close to the speed of light. The beam
then passes through a row of alternating
magnets called undulators. Those magnets
force the electrons to wiggle from side
to side and release light. As the light
interacts with the electron beam, the
electrons organize into extremely small
bunches. Their light waves begin lining
up and reinforcing one another,
producing an intense beam at a very
precise wavelength. and that is a free
electron laser. Some proposed systems
then curve the used electron beam back
through the accelerator and then the
electrons return much of the remaining
energy to the next beam before being
discarded. This is called an energy
recovery linear accelerator and its path
often looks like a long racetrack or a
giant U which brings us right back to
the Terapab video. The industrial dream
is to build one powerful FEL beside or
under a chip factory and distribute its
EUV light to multiple lithography
scanners. Instead of placing a separate
light source inside every single
scanner, the factory treats EUV like
electricity or industrial gas. You have
one utility scale source feeding many
production tools. That distinction is
huge. Now, every scanner still needs
ASML's extraordinary mirrors. They need
the mass system and the wafer stage and
the sensors and all the controls. So an
FEL does not replace the entire
lithography machine. It replaces the
part that makes the light. But if one
source can provide more light to several
scanners, the factory could produce more
wafers from the same collection of
extremely expensive tools. It could also
avoid the tin droplets and much of the
contamination management system
surrounding them. Xlite, a company
that's working on FEL technology, says
its proposed system could produce four
times more EUV power, cut the EUV
portion of manufacturing cost in half,
and as much as double productivity at a
new factory. The reason why this is such
a big deal is because the demand Tesla
and SpaceX are expecting from artificial
intelligence will require a gigantic
amount of chips to power these systems.
And FEL technology allows companies like
Tesla and SpaceX to make multiple times
more chips with the same amount of
machines and factories. And the thing is
you can already see this increased
demand playing out in the sudden flood
of cheaper and more capable AI models.
But I think almost everybody is still
misunderstanding what this really means.
They'll think that Terrafab is one
product that is set to just make chips,
but it isn't. It's far larger. Terrafab
is actually part of a system that has
multiple products working together that
SpaceX and Tesla will also own and build
that turn the system into arguably the
most important industrial layer of the
next 20 years. Now, real quick, if
you're enjoying this video so far and
you want to support the channel, the
quickest and most impactful thing you
can do is click and subscribe. It's
completely free and it goes a very long
way. Thank you so much. Now, the first
clue that tells us that demand for AI
will be absolutely bonkers, arrived in
July of 2026 with Kimmy K3, which is a
Chinese openweight model from Moonshot
AI. Open weight means the model settings
can be downloaded and modified and run
on somebody else's computer, even on
your own computer if you want at your
house or in your car or whatever. This
is in stark contrast to using AIs from
companies like Claude or Chachip or
Grock where you essentially rent their
computers to generate intelligence
through an answer or action on your
computer. What's interesting about
Kimmy's release is that it came close to
the best private models on important
tasks, especially coding, while being
open and cheaper to run in some cases.
Stanford's 2026 AI index says the
performance gap between the best
American and Chinese models has nearly
closed. As new models keep appearing,
smaller models keep getting better. This
means that specialized models can beat
much larger general models at one narrow
job and then businesses can increasingly
choose among many good enough AI brains,
let's call them, instead of depending on
one big provider. For example, let's say
in a couple years time Claude builds a
model that can simultaneously cure
cancer and do your taxes, but it will
cost significantly more than a model
that just specializes at doing your
taxes. It makes absolutely no sense for
a regular person to pay the premium for
a product that cures cancer, which is
incredible when they are filing their
taxes. So, models specialize, they get
cheaper, and they get more efficient
over time. Knowing this, it is very
tempting to conclude that AI
infrastructure becomes less important.
If models get more efficient, shouldn't
we need fewer chips? Doesn't this mean
that all these data centers will just
create a giant bubble, just a bunch of
buildings going up that will just sit
there doing nothing? But the exact
opposite will happen. When the cost of a
useful unit of something falls, we don't
normally consume the same amount and
pocket the savings we would get from the
lower cost. We put those useful units to
work. Cheaper intelligence will go into
creating more products and more work and
run it more often. A company that
couldn't afford a digital AI agent at
$10 per task, let's say, might deploy
a,000 of them at 10 cents. A robot that
needs a remote supercomput for every
hard task it faces or some sort of
complex movement might become practical
and affordable once the smaller model
can run inside the robot all day.
Cheaper intelligence creates more demand
for intelligence. More intelligence
means more tokens which is just a small
piece of information that a model reads
or produces. And then every single time
an answer gets generated or every time a
robot moves creates more computation.
This is the economic idea behind Jevans
paradox. When a resource becomes cheaper
to use, total consumption rises because
many more use cases start to make sense
and they become far more affordable.
Better chips and better software reduce
the compute needed for one answer or one
action which leads to a far greater
amount of answers or actions because
those actions or answers are useful.
This only works if the underlying
technology is useful. And it just so
happens to be that there's nothing more
useful than intelligence. And
intelligence doesn't just live in our
brains or in the digital world. It lives
in the physical world, too. For example,
imagine a Tesla self-driving cyber cab
approaching an intersection and an
object suddenly appears. The car needs
to decide in a split second if that
object is a child or a plastic bag as an
example. Or imagine an Optimus human or
robot carrying a heavy object in a home
when the dogs start going freaking
crazy. There's somebody at the front
door. How will it handle that situation
when the dogs are just running all over
the place? Physical AI in the form of
robots will need just as much
intelligence, probably far more than
anything in the digital world. And that
intelligence will need to be inferenced
at the edge, which is basically AI
compute that can make decisions on its
own without having to beam back to a
super powerful brain in the cloud
somewhere like let's say Skynet, but
instead it will operate on the device
itself. that puts an AI computer into
virtually every physical product that
can create a useful action, including
self-driving cars, human or robots,
drones, construction equipment,
mechanical arms, ships, boats, and
everything in between. And in the case
of Tesla, they already have two massive
products that will require a massive
amount of chips that Terra Fab will
build. For example, Tesla's Cyber Cab is
its purpose-built autonomous taxi.
Production began for that product in
Texas during the second quarter of 2026.
And the company is aiming to produce at
least two million units per year at full
capacity out of one facility with plans
to make significantly more in the
future. And then you also have Optimus,
which is Tesla's general purpose human
robot built in a human shape because our
factories and our tools and stairs and
doors and workstations and everything
were all designed around the human body.
The company thinks it will eventually
make tens or even hundreds of millions
of these per year. Now, you may think
those numbers are small and they don't
really justify the scale of this thing,
but the economic pool this technology
will create is very hard to ignore.
Transportation is already one of the
largest activities in the world. People
pay for the vehicle, the driver, the
fuel or electricity, the insurance, the
parking, the hours lost behind the
wheel. But once autonomy becomes safer
and cheaper than human driving in a
growing number of places, it will become
the dominant form of transportation
extremely quickly. The forcing function
to rent or own a car or in this case a
transportation unit that will cost
pennies on the dollar to move around
while being multiple times safer than a
human because of the sensor suite and
lightning fast computer on board will
make it an absolute no-brainer for
people to adopt. If either Cybercap or
Optimus reach their full potential, chip
demand will be beyond astronomical,
especially as competitors begin entering
the market in huge numbers across every
single product imaginable, far beyond
data centers, cars, and humanoids and
drones and planes, boats or industrial
machinery and into products that we
could have never imagined. Okay, so now
we already walked through why the
lithography step, which is the use of
light to print patterns on a chip, is
one of the biggest problems to solve.
But the reality is that lithography is
only one constraint for this whole thing
to work. The reality is that AI
processors need high bandwidth memory or
HBM stacked very close to the compute
chip that's created by that FEL process
so that enormous amounts of data can
move quickly. Think of memory capacity
of that HBM as the size of a workbench.
And then think of memory bandwidth as a
way for how fast parts can move on and
off that bench. A giant workbench will
still go very slow if the parts arrive
too slowly. It doesn't matter how big or
powerful your workbench is or the person
that's working it. The throughput is the
bottleneck. This is why HPM is so
important. Then comes advanced
packaging. This is the process of
placing compute dies, memory stacks, and
other smaller chips into one tightly
connected package. You have wires
between them that are very small, but
they must move huge amounts of data
without wasting too much power or
creating too much heat. TSMC, the
Taiwanese manufacturer that physically
makes many of the world's leading AI
chips today, says capacity for its
advanced packaging remains very tight,
and memory is very tight as well.
Micron, a major American maker of memory
and storage chips, said this year that
server demand was being constrained by
inadequate supply. It also said demand
for some data center storage products
exceeded the supply it could provide for
the foreseeable future. So the
bottleneck is not one magic unbelievably
advanced machine that's made by one
company. It is lithography tools, memory
production, packaging capacity, power
equipment, clean rooms, materials,
talent, and years of process knowledge.
If you really think about it, a chip
factory is really a massive factory
that's made up of very unique and
complex factories inside of it. But now
look at what SpaceX and Tesla disclosed
about Terraab. The plan is to bring the
design of lithography masks, the
fabrication of logic and memory chips
and advanced packaging into one closed
loop facility. And think of that mask
process as basically the master stencil
carrying one layer of the chip design.
By keeping the mask, the test runs, the
packaging and the engineers who designed
the chip close together, it should
shorten the time between finding a
problem in the design stage and then
testing the fixes to that design and
then getting something back very
quickly. That's what the company hopes
will happen. And out of this process
will come two very distinct chip
families. The first is optimized for
inference and compute on Earth mainly
inside Tesla vehicles and Optimus robots
to start. Those chips care about power
use. They care about heat and speed and
safety and cost because they will be
running on machines that have a limited
battery. So the optimization is around
power use. But the second chip family is
optimized for the space environment and
SpaceX's planned orbital computing
network. Those chips face a completely
different problem. They face radiation
and huge temperature swings, limited
repair options, and the need to turn
solar power into as much useful
computation as possible. This is why
Terraab is not trying to make a better
generic chip for everybody. The value
comes from designing the chip around the
exact machine that will use it.
Basically hyper optimizing the chip
itself and the system around it to be a
better fit for the applications it will
be applied to. That means if Tesla or
SpaceX choose to change their models for
whatever reason, the chip team can't
figure out which calculations consume
too much power or which memory paths
slow the model down. At that point, the
package can't be changed. The model can
be adjusted to fit the hardware. Then
the next design goes back through the
loop again and further improvements can
be made. Apple used a version of this
strategy by designing chips around its
software and devices. Tesla and SpaceX
want to push it further by controlling
more of the manufacturing and packaging
loop instead of outsourcing it to
companies like Foxcon. But here's the
deal. These chips won't just be designed
to run on edge devices like the robots
we discussed. They're also going to be
designed to run in data centers. A
modern AI data center is basically a
giant machine that takes electricity and
moves data through hundreds of thousands
of processors, removes a huge amount of
heat that we all use in a daily basis on
our computers and cell phones. Now that
SpaceX owns XAI, which is a company
behind Grock, means that now it also
controls its Colossus and Colossus 2
campuses in the greater Memphis area,
which collectively provide about 1
gawatt of compute power with plans to
10x that number across multiple campuses
next year. The important lesson from
Colossus is that XAI learned to assemble
the whole physical stack of building a
data center very quickly, including the
land and the buildings, the networking,
the power generation, the batteries, the
cooling and the chips. Elon Musk himself
called out the fact that building data
centers is quote trivial compared to
building rockets. And data centers are
themselves an epic feat of engineering.
And the reason why this is such a big
deal is because building data centers is
actively becoming more difficult. The
International Energy AY's latest
estimate has global data center
electricity use almost doubling from
2025 to 2030 while electricity used by
AI focused centers tripling. In the
United States, Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory, which is a
government research lab, estimates that
data centers could consume close to 12%
of all the electricity by 2030 in its
central case. It's not even the
optimistic or the bearish case. That's
the middle case. This means that even if
you were to build all the chips you
could possibly need to power these
gigantic data centers, you're still
going to be massively limited by power.
Not only that, but especially in places
like the United States, there's starting
to be a large amount of push back
against data center buildouts and are
increasingly becoming a political issue.
So, not only are data centers limited by
the energy problem and the chip problem,
but also by politics and the people's
general distaste towards AI right now.
And this is what creates the logic for
compute in space. SpaceX's plan is to
design a satellite around AI processors
and then cover it with gigantic solar
arrays and radiators and connect
millions of these satellites with
lasers. This is what SpaceX calls Star
Mind. It's constellation of AI compute
in space. The easiest way to think about
this is by having millions of data
center racks in space connected to each
other using lasers instead of physical
connections in a data center. Now, that
might sound crazy, but what people often
forget is that Starlink, which is
another SpaceX company, already provides
the connectivity for this entire
network. As of March 2026, SpaceX said
its roughly 10,000 Starlink satellites
use more than 23,000 laser links to
route data across orbit. This means that
one of these AI satellites could process
a workload in space, send the result
through that laser network, and deliver
it to the ground to your computer or
robot or self-driving car or whatever
through Starlink. So, all of this sounds
wonderful and an incredible feat of
engineering, but the real advantage this
gives is access to solar energy without
waiting for the power infrastructure to
be built up, plus a network instead of
finding another enormous piece of land.
and probably most importantly completely
bypassing the increasing political push
back against data centers in a lot of
the west. And all of this will be
enabled by Starship, SpaceX's latest
rocket that is now set for mass
production after the company thinks it
has solved the heat shield problem on
the rocket. The reason why this is such
a huge deal is because the heat shield
is the most important piece to make a
rocket fully reusable. When a rocket
goes into space and you try to bring it
back, it has to bleed off all that speed
and energy it has accumulated on its way
up against the atmosphere. But without a
proper heat shield, the atmosphere will
simply destroy the rocket on its way
back. It would literally be like a
meteor or meteorite entering the Earth's
atmosphere, which is those bright
streaks of light you see in the sky when
a meteorite enters the Earth. That's
literally the friction generated by the
atmosphere which causes the meteorite or
meteor to catch fire and explode. But if
you were to put a heat shield on that
thing, then in theory, you can reuse
that every time it goes up and down. And
all you have to do is refuel the rocket
when it comes back and send it back up
again. This is why SpaceX designed the
tower with the chopsticks, as they call
it, so that it can literally catch the
rocket coming back, place it back on the
pad, and launch it again shortly after.
This is going to allow SpaceX to
eventually send a,000 Starship flights
per year and eventually reach a cadence
of a Starship flight per hour. And
because Starship can hold multiple times
more payload capacity than the company's
latest rocket, it means that SpaceX will
be able to put way more stuff in space
way more often. This is the mechanism
that makes AI compute satellites in
space economical. When the cost to put
stuff in space is down to the cost of
fuel, the cost per kilogram in orbit
plummets by 100 times or more. Okay, so
I just gave you so much information and
the reason why I gave you all this
information is cuz I want you to look at
the entire system once Starship is fully
reusable. Terra produces space optimized
chips. Earth data centers prove the
architecture and train the models.
Starship launches the computing
satellites. Starlink links them to one
another and to the users. The satellite
demand increases Starship's launch rate.
Higher launch rate spreads fixed costs
across more missions. It makes it
cheaper per rocket. Lower launch cost
makes more orbital compute economical
which creates demand for more chips. And
Tesla sits on the other side of this
entire system with potentially hundreds
of millions if not billions of machines
that need intelligence in the physical
world in the form of robots, cars,
drones, planes, boats, and whatever else
they and the broader industrial system
decides to come up with. SpaceX and
Tesla are building an intelligence
supply chain, and it cannot be
overstated just how unbelievably
important this is for America's and the
West's national security positioning.
Semiconductors sit inside almost every
single modern military and critical
infrastructure system in communications
satellites in aircraft, missiles, radar,
electronic warfare, autonomous vehicles,
data centers, power grids, secured
networks, and virtually every modern
piece of technology all depends on
chips. The Pentagon has said that
virtually every defense department
system and critical infrastructure
component relies on micro electronics.
The most advanced ships are especially
important because AI is becoming part of
how nations see, communicate, plan,
defend networks, process intelligence,
and control autonomous systems. If the
United States can design a powerful AI
chip, but cannot reliably manufacture
and package it, it means nothing. And
America learned that lesson during the
recent chip shortage during CO. Those
missing parts closed vehicle production
lines and delayed other electronics and
defense suppliers. easily the most
important piece of America's national
defense mechanism. They all face the
same fragile supply chain. Now place
that weakness inside a military conflict
or say a blockade around Taiwan and TSMC
or a major earthquake or some sort of
fight between governments. That is why
TSMC is so important. TSMC is a
Taiwanese manufacturer that turns many
of the world's most advanced chip
designs into physical products at
enormous scale. And a huge percentage of
its production capacity sits in Taiwan.
What happens if Taiwan suffers a
catastrophic event like an earthquake?
Or what happens if China executes its
plan to merge Taiwan into China by
choice or by force and reroutes all that
capacity onto itself? This is why TSMC
has already begun advanced production in
Arizona and it's investing heavily in
its American expansion. You also have
Intel, which is another chipmaker based
in America, is also trying to rebuild
leading edge manufacturing in the United
States. Terafabout will go a long way to
fix for this giant gap. And it becomes
even more obvious when you start
analyzing ASML, which is the only
company in the world that is capable of
manufacturing the EUV lithography
machines that print the transistors on
the chips. With Terra building the free
electron laser, the FEL, and over time
likely bringing the rest of the supply
chain in house, you remove a giant
bottleneck in the critical component, in
this case, the machine that prints the
chips, and you onshore a critical
component within the borders of the
United States and the West. And so no
one should be surprised that there is so
much chatter around SpaceX and Tesla
merging because when you really analyze
the entire situation for what it is, it
is not only a no-brainer for those two
companies to come together eventually,
it is a no-brainer for America's
long-term national security,
manufacturing capacity, and industrial
power. And then you also have this
deepening partnership between SpaceX and
Nvidia when it comes to the chip design
and putting chips in the space computers
and for the data centers. All these
things are coming together and it's
incredibly important not just for the
future of SpaceX and Tesla, but for the
future of the West. Thank you so much
for watching. I hope this video was
informative and helpful. I hope it
wasn't too dense. I threw a lot of
information out there, but this is very
important. But we'll see you on the next
one. Take it easy, everybody.