Channel:     futureaza
Title:       MORE  TESLA YL leaks, Slate price leak, megabig batteries, & LOTS more in the Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNK_I9OUdGA
Published:   2026-06-22 08:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-22 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday, June 22nd. Yes, it is the
22nd of June. We are doing the news
every Monday. We do this 9:00 a.m.
Pacific, noon Eastern. We've got a lot
of stories to cover. If you're new here,
the way it works is I screen through
about 15 20 stories and some of them
will be covered in greater depth later
in the week, but there's a lot to get
to. And then at the end, I do my best to
answer all your questions, comments, and
concerns. Let's get into it. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Future Aza. So, what we've
got here is the first one. It is very
exciting. Y Lunching this summer. Uh,
that's uh very exciting. It is the
bigger car. I've been saying this would
be coming. The if ever comment from Elon
last year, I think was posturing. It
wasn't dishonest because it said if. If
is a big qualifier, and I lost viewers
over saying that this would absolutely
come to the US. It's much too popular
not to. Uh this says look we want it's
coming according to information received
from a credible source. Hopefully it's
not me. Uh which is that uh they're
going to be making it in Texas in August
or September. I believe they will
definitely be making it in August.
That's what my source said as well.
That's why I was confirmed. But then the
source confirmed uh that they would uh
they also had additional comments in
here that uh that made it clear that it
was not me that was the source. So,
what's it look like? Here's the Y versus
the Y L. This is why this article is so
valuable. Look at that. To the belly
button, it's the exact same. And from
the hips down, oh, baby.
Okay. You can see it's a bigger car. If
you see it in spy shots, what the clue
to look for is the size of this third
window here in the back. You can see
it's significantly larger. It's the only
real tell from the sky.
This article speculates it'll be $539.90
and I think uh that that is $1,000 too
low. Uh I think it's going to be
$549.90.
So yeah, but it's a $4,000 premium in
China. It'd be a $4,000 premium here.
You forget percentages
as a percentage would probably be
higher. And of course there is the
demand. If we're speaking of leaks, we
should talk about Slate. Their website
confirms electric pricing. What had
happened was it's not a leak exactly.
Somebody examined the code and found
that in the code it still said 2499 uh
950. Uh but to me that's not a leak. To
me that's a deprecated code that's old.
That's out ofdate. Uh it could be
higher. To me if it launches under 30
you've got a potential winner on your
hands. $249.990 to me deeply concerning
because uh that price is old and
inflation is real. Inflation would have
driven that price up. I do not
understand how they could make one
profitably at $249.50.
Uh but if the volume's low enough, you
can lose some money, especially if
you've got some excitement. Do another
uh stock offering. Round it out, man.
Get a few more few more uh buyers uh
lined up who want uh some stock. Make
this window a hair bigger. There we go.
Can I? I guess I can't. Oh, I see. Share
this tab. There we go. So, we are
looking at the BYD Shark here and
Hawaii. It's not even an EV. It's a
hybrid. Look, you got a problem getting
a bunch of range into your truck. You're
using LFP batteries. They weigh a ton or
did when the BYD Shark was first
designed. Just make it a hybrid there.
Range problem solved. But the battery
production is ramping up in Brazil. This
is what you want to see. You want to see
uh production localized to your various
markets and that's what they're doing.
Making batteries in Brazil gets rid of a
lot of Chinese sourcing concerns. Those
batteries could then be sold in the US.
Brazil and the US reasonably close
trading partners. Uh so this is a
potentially huge deal even if Brazil is
not yet one of the biggest electric car
markets. Uh but it just makes sense.
There's a whole bunch of reasons to get
excited about that. Rivian reportedly
hit with class action lawsuit over false
Gen 1 vehicle autonomy claims. I don't
think this lawsuit's going anywhere, but
maybe it will. Suit brings claims of
fraud, negligent uh misrepresentation
and unjust enrichment and seeks a jury
trial. case echoes similar legal
challenges faced by other automakers
including Tesla over the marketing of
early vehicles uh saying these are
definitely going to have full autonomy
when it may have been clear to the
principles involved that that could
never happen if it was true no software
update no matter how sophisticated will
enable its Gen 1 vehicles to perform as
advertised.
Now, I think anything prior to hardware
3, Tesla could face similar lawsuits on
more vehicles. Ruben has not sold very
many. So, uh where is this going? Uh
probably nowhere. Uh because any
reasonable settlement would absolutely
extinguish the company. So, existential
level threat. I don't see the court uh
permitting it to move forward. If you
have thoughts on that, please share
them.
Why do you keep stuttering it at 1.5x
speed? That's a great question. Ford
pitches new LFP battery with Rivian
breathing down its neck. I don't know if
Riven's breathing down its neck. I don't
think of Ford as an adventure brand.
Riven is absolutely branded as
adventure, but you got to put something
in the title. And if you just put Ford
pitches new LFP battery, ain't nobody
going to click it. Ford Motor Company
revealed uh really wasn't kidding around
when it teased its new LFP battery last
year aimed at reducing upfront costs of
an EV down to mass market level. That's
a tough road to hoe considering the
current state of federal decarbonization
policy, but the company has a plan and a
factory up its sleeve, too. What are you
doing, Ford? What are you doing? As the
article points out, uh they completely
180ed on their EV ambitions, but they
like to pretend they didn't. They've got
uh hiring that's been going on at the
Blue Oval. So, oh yeah, who knows? In
the meantime, Ford's busy drawing
attention to its hiring spree at Blue
Oval Battery Park in Michigan. We've
welcomed more than 500 employees and so
far we plan to reach 800 by the end of
the year. Why though? But why?
So maybe the problem is LFP batteries in
China have a fantastic reputation for
speed, for longevity, for uh uh
increased battery energy density,
especially on a W hour per kilogram
basis. This is fantastic except China
won't sell that equipment. Uh China put
a import an export restriction on the
equipment used to make the latest
generation of LFP batteries. At best,
what you're going to be making is the
previous generation of LFP batteries.
Tesla does that. Tesla has equipment
that they purchased that has been put
together in reassembled in Nevada. Those
batteries are not the current
generation. They're the previous one,
which is fine if you're doing something
like stationary energy storage. Less
fine when you're talking about vehicles,
and catastrophically bad if you're
hoping to export those vehicles into a
market where you're going to compete
with Chinese vehicles. suggesting to me
that they may not be. I don't have the
story handy, but apparently they may be
discontinuing the Maki as well. End of
an era. Very sad. Start of a new era.
The one where you can subscribe. Yes,
subscribe. So, you look like this
instead of like this. Come on, man. It's
free. It's easy. Uh Tesla stock. Let's
hit refresh just to make sure. Up today.
Up. Uh so, that's great. The broader
market appears to be down. This is a
bunch of red over here. Amazon down 4
1/2%. Huh, that's fascinating. Toyota
down 1.29. Tesla modestly up, not an
amount I would concern myself with
either way, but I don't concern myself
with 1day swings.
Oh my gosh. Apparently,
if you're looking for a bargain on uh
SpaceX stock, it's down to 166.
Uh let's take a look at this next one.
Tesla to build pre-assembled mega
charges for Tesla semi. Of course they
are. Why wouldn't they? We aren't
surprised by this, I assume. Uh but my
question was, well, what's your source
on this? And the answer is the the the
the patent. So yeah, we've got a patent
that shows how it would be done. Prefab,
it's just so much better. take all those
contractor hassles, all those permitting
hassles and move them back to the
factory where we can control it. Also,
uh Tunny say don't forget to subscribe.
Don't forget to thumbs up. Please thumbs
up and let me know how many thumbs up
there are on the video at present. Uh
this is great. This is what you want to
see. It means it's going to be moving
quicker. Tesla semi spotted with
autonomous validation equipment as the
automaker prepares the truck for FSD.
Uh, we just saw, yeah, the the LAR gear
on the roof.
If you thought the semi wasn't going to
get autonomous features, I don't know
what you were thinking. We know it's
going to. It wouldn't make sense for it
to not. An interesting new development.
It's got the ground truthing equipment.
An enthusiast spotted the semi in
Sunnyvale. The odd-looking equipment
installed on the cabin's exterior
grabbed his attention a little more. So
yeah, that's
a big part of the plan, almost the whole
plan. Get him autonomous at some point.
Tesla quietly files a Megapod trademark,
an AI data center play that could see
Elon challenging Nvidia's dominance. I
guess sort of. Uh the idea is that these
would be, hey, we were just talking
about the semi-chargers,
the previous vehicle chargers. Let's uh
make this as a as a product, as a
standalone product.
So that would be interesting. Filing
fuels supercharger AI compute
speculation. Hey, if you've got a deal
on this little site, do you have room to
put one of these? Cuz if you do, you
could use that power there. I don't know
how beneficial that would be. Uh but
it's an idea. You do run into latency
issues, which could be an issue, but who
knows? In terms of other autonomy,
Oklahoma's Interstate 35, the proving
ground for autonomous trucks, seems
Volvo and Aurora have partnered up. Now,
Aurora has been testing driverless semis
in Texas for quite some time with quite
some success. Volvo Autonomy
little quieter despite
substantially more funding. Uh yeah, the
200 mile route between Dallas and
Oklahoma uh city to expand its
autonomous freight network. The trucks
will run in Oklahoma up to 5 days a
week. This is great. This is just what
you want to see. And it's beautiful that
there are companies not named Tesla
blazing the trail. Companies that um
don't have, you know, baggage, political
overhead that you have to overcome. You
just want to see that more. You know,
doing good on time. TechCrunch Mobility,
a new robo taxi scorecard shows China's
dominance. This is an interesting story.
Uh 10 years ago there was a lot of
chatter about who was winning the
self-driving car race. One of the
problems with that debate was who's
measuring it and how are they measuring
it? Does this metric even make sense?
There we go. That's a little nicer.
uh OTM AI
they're using that name to save tokens
on the process I bet has developed a
generative AI platform to create a
benchmarking system that evaluates the
companies all of them every 12 hours
based on publicly available data they
don't scrape the web to get the data
they use publicly available data and uh
creative common data so this is
interesting on Friday the taxi leader
was not Whimo it was BU Apollo Go
program just barely. Whimo was in the
secondary position followed by Chinese
company Pony AI and we ride Tesla was in
fifth. It looks at their safety record.
It looks at their deployment numbers
that lint. It looks at a bunch of
things. Uh so uh that yeah as of May
28th Whimo had 577 autonomous vehicles
registered in Texas. It now is 620. 7
and a half% more an increase. Uh over
the last month, Tesla now has 69
registered autonomous vehicles. Nice. A
64% increase from the 42 it had in May.
Zuks has 35. Zuks cannot charge for
those rides. They do not have the
correct permit.
If we're talking autonomy, we have to
talk about the most amazing company
ever. Uber. Uber bringing its premium
robo taxi to ser uh to Houston in 2027.
That that's a Lucid Gravity. Now,
Gravity, of course, has its own uh
proprietary self-driving software, but
I've had enough experience with it,
spent enough time with it on highways
and city streets that I can tell you
there's a reason they're using uh Neuro
instead to power it. My question is, uh,
how are you going to make money when
you're starting with a vehicle that
costs three times what other vehicles
cost? Uh, adding a bunch of sensors,
you've got to have a cut for Uber, a cut
for Lucid, a cut for Neuro.
I think Uber might have some
questionable strategies in the works.
Uber Technologies is one of the best
electric and autonomous driving stocks.
And here's why. because we're a bunch of
yahoos and we don't know what's going
on. Uber uh is one of the 10 best
electric autonomous driving stocks to
buy. According to hedge funds on June
1st uh they yeah revealed their business
collaboration uh with a program in
Munich. This initiative this initiative
brings together Uber's right hailing
platform autobrains agentic AI
technology and Nvidia's drive Hyperion
computing platform.
They're all over the place. Their dance
card is infinite.
And if you have an autonomous solution,
they will partner with you. If it works,
you'll win. If it doesn't work, they're
going to dance with somebody else. So,
great. Let's keep it moving forward, I
suppose. And uh what else? I mean, who
else is there really? Who else is there?
Mobile. Turns out mobilized US robo taxi
launch will put it on both sides of the
AV business both as a supplier of the
hardware and as a provider of the
finished product. Mobile has pitched
itself as a autonomous vehicle
technology supplier and now it wants to
be the operator. The Intel subsidiary
and publicly traded company said Tuesday
it plans to launch a robo taxi service
in the US in 27.
I don't know, man. I feel like this
sounds like a broken record. Can they do
it? They want to get up to 17,000 over
the following five years. Can they
maybe? I don't know. It feels like uh
feels like we're 10 15 years into this
race and we're seeing people still
lacing up their shoes.
So, uh who knows, man. Um if you're
looking for something fun to do, I've
got I'm going to be hosting an EV info
booth uh July 2nd, 3rd, and 4th. uh in
Long View, Washington at the Go Forth
Festival. Um and for days uh one and two
on the second and third, David Moss will
be joining me in the booth. If you've
got questions for the guru of
unsupervised, I guess supervised, but
hands-free FSD, David Moss, he's your
man. He'll be in the booth. And uh yeah,
big event, live music, lumberjack show,
uh food trucks, all kinds of stuff,
fireworks on the fourth naturally. and
I'll be there almost all the time. I
will not be there on the evening of the
2nd because we have final rehearsals for
uh you know it's our final week of
rehearsals for the play Three Bandits
and a Baby uh July 10th through 26th.
Join me. Coupon code SW15 for 15% off.
And I looked and looked to try and find
where the tickets are. They're here.
That's and on my phone I still couldn't
find it even knowing where it was. I'm
talking with the uh the web master later
today to see if he can get that sorted
out. We've got still more headlines to
go. I'm doing my best. We're not going
to get through them all. Honda has a new
partner for solid state EV batteries.
QuantumCape. Honda
has kicked it into low gear. Honestly, I
think they're in neutral and just
coasting, which is a perfect partnership
for QuantumCape because QuantumCape
hasn't really reached scale production.
So, if these batteries work, they'll
probably be available around the time
Honda once again gets serious about EVs.
Uh GM is uh working on a system that
would allow uh vehicle to grid or
vehicle to load in a way that could uh
help with some uh you know uh time of
use shifting. So, that would be helpful.
Uh, it's a patchwork of 4,000 different
utilities and what it takes to get
everyday consumers to see their cars as
grid assets. No real news other than
that they're working on it. You want to
store a bunch of energy. There's only so
many ways you can do it. A whole fleet
of everyone's cars seems like a pretty
good way. Another way, I would argue
less good would be a 40story windowless
concrete tower uh with stacks of 35tonon
blocks to store a wind farm's power,
lifting them when the wind blows and
dropping them through the generator when
the grid needs it. No lithium
dropping, not dropping. Dropping implies
extreme velocity. It just hoists up
concrete blocks and lowers them back
down. same motor that lifts them, does
the regen. Um, the real problem with
this, the reason no one has tried it,
and this is great. I'm excited that
they're trying it, you have to try these
things to make sure they don't work. I
don't think this will work. Uh, because
Wired ran the math. The math is very
straightforward. How much energy can you
store in a stack of cement blocks? He
also says concrete blocks, it really
doesn't matter. They weigh the same. Uh,
so you've got math. You've got equations
and it would take uh how many 55gallon
drums of concrete uh to equal let's see
right here we've got the answer. So one
55gallon drum of concrete would be
enough to charge four cell phones.
Um they are going a little bit higher.
So let's say eight cell phones. Not
great. Uh yeah. So it's it's not great.
Uh, you would need
a whole lot. You would need 50 drums to
equal uh a uh let's see, Tesla power
wall can store about 50 million jewels.
So, more than 50 concrete drums. That's
a lot of weight. And while you say,
"Yeah, but it's free energy. Who cares?"
If you've got the space, if you've
already built the building, yes, but you
want to build more buildings, it needs
to be cost effective to do that. And
there's wear and tear when you're moving
a thousand tons of concrete every day.
So let them try it, figure out maybe it
works. EV uh EVs outpace growth
predictions. This is exciting now. Not
so much in the US perhaps. You can see
the trends here. The blue line is China
growing very quickly. Europe flattened,
recovered, and then we see the world and
way down here hovering at 10. Not great.
Uh, but we're seeing big numbers for
adoption worldwide. So, if your
preferred stock is not covering it, then
you're maybe in the wrong stock if you
wish for future appreciation for a
company to survive in the future. Uh,
this story deserved attention until it
was uh pointed out that it didn't make
sense. Uh, yeah. Why are they selling so
many luch gues on pre-order? Well,
because if you want to keep your spot in
line for the good car, you think, wow,
that would be dirty if true. And uh,
Ferrari came out and said that doesn't
make any sense. Why would we push cars
that nobody wants onto people that don't
want them just so they could buy another
car? It would flood the secondary
market. the resale on these would be
would be toast. We don't want that. So,
I don't think that one made as much
sense. We've got just a few more to go.
We can get through them. Soft Bank walks
away from Boston Dynamics for 325
million. Hands Hyundai the keys. Yeah,
but that doesn't mean it's not worth a
bunch. I get people whenever I publish
about Optimus saying, "Boston Dynamics,
baby, the parkour bot. It can do
everything except leave the lab. It
doesn't have the brain. It doesn't have
the compute. They do not have the data
centers to make it work.
Well, the brain isn't the most important
part. Manufacturing is, buddy. Come on,
get real. Soft Bank could have sold
their investment to any private
investor. They did so for 325 million.
It was almost a 10% stake. That means
the company's barely worth over $3
billion. That's not that's not great.
Um, in this day and age, three billion,
I don't know. I think I would have
expected it to be higher just on just on
potential. So, I don't know what to tell
you, man. GM and UAW face sudden high
stakes factory rift. We want fewer
robots. What? Are you joking me? The
cobots must not be I mean, unless you're
going to put them in the union, too.
Come on. Oh my gosh. Okay. Yeah. Great.
Great. Uh, can we replace the light
bulbs with candles while we're at it?
Texas Supreme Court denies request to
save the beach from SpaceX. How dare
you? First of all, how dare you?
Environmental groups say unanimous
decision elevates the company's interest
over the rights of the Lone Star State.
And what what it's saying, please don't
play a video. I do not need a video
playing.
Close it.
what what they wanted to do was just
shut down SpaceX, but they couldn't. You
can't do that. That doesn't make sense.
So, they said, "Okay, well, we demand
access to the beach during a launch, you
know, in the firing zone." And the court
said, "That's unsafe. That's crazy.
That's not a reasonable uh thing to do."
And uh it I mean, you would kill people.
People would absolutely die. And more
importantly, someone would eventually
sneak in uh something that could
sabotage the flight. That would be
catastrophic. We can't have that. So
during a launch, the beach is closed.
This violates our our right to access to
the beach. Come on, please get real.
Starlink satellites are doing a lot more
than just proving the internet,
providing the internet. They're also
good at detecting wildfires and
rainforest protection. Uh, so there's
other benefits that are being realized
already. And we've only got a few
minutes left. So, let's get to the Q and
or A. Uh, who knows, maybe I will
question your life choices and answer
your questions all at the same time.
Seems reasonable to me. How is
everybody? Uh, this is the part of the
show where I answer your questions. Yes,
indeed.
Got a bunch of big stuff coming up this
week. Uh, so that's uh good. Uh, the
Ethiopia story continues to develop. Um,
I've been Okay. Okay, that's all
pre-show stuff. Uh, let's see. I'm about
to be on the road, but I'm here to
listen. Hello, Joe's Morg. Good to have
you listening in. As per usual, I had to
refresh the page to get Brian to show
up. Maybe it's my extensive ad blockage.
Don't blame you. Don't blame you. Ads
are
our time on this planet is limited. Uh,
Teslatino in the house. My question is,
how are you? How are you doing? You hope
you're doing well. I'm doing all right.
I'm stressed out, man. I'm always
stressed out. I got too much going on.
Uh, but uh, other than that, I'm fine. Y
fills an important gap. My father-in-law
keeps a Subaru Ascent for when he needs
to transport six people. Yeah. Well,
yeah. Yeah, we would love to sell the
2023 Model Y because that third row is
barely passable, but it is uh it's the
best we can do. I have I have a reminder
on my phone to go listen to Brian. Hey,
cool. I tried to set a reminder on my
Google Pixel phone and it said I I can't
do that. You haven't accepted the new
Gemini terms and conditions. And I
thought, great, then don't use Gemini.
But of course, uh, Google is so busy,
uh, shooting themselves in the foot,
they're actually cloning their feet to
have more feet in which to shoot
themselves. Our smart speakers at home
also no longer work, right? Which is
great because they haven't been working
right for a while. Got Smokey the Bear
in the house. Good to see you, man.
Let's see here. Uh, I now have, let's
see, afternoon. Uh, why do you keep
stuttering at one and a half speed? Very
funny. Uhhuh. Let's see. Unless you are
like Brian, a time traveler, as you
know, the time travel council does not
permit me to discuss the details of
that. Uh, the Y Laks. Will duct tape fix
it? Uh, no. They, uh, use Flex Seal is
what I'm pretty sure they do. Yep, there
it is. JD's got it. Whoops. Flex Seal.
Yep, we got that explained. Yeah,
absolutely. Why the devil would they
discontinue the Mache? M
maybe they're not making money on it.
Maybe they don't want to support it.
Honestly, they don't want to push it
forward. They've made that pretty clear.
They said they don't uh they don't Yeah.
Well, we're going to be just like Tesla,
you guys. Oh, great. Well, when the
secondyear model came out of the Mache,
I went to the car show. I asked them,
man, what have they improved? What have
they changed? He what? Nothing. Same
car. Great. Weren't they losing a lot of
money per unit on a gross on a net
basis? Yes. Less clear on the gross
basis. They probably positive on a per
unit basis. I say, "Yeah, but we're
still losing money on the whole
division." Right. But you didn't cancel
the division. Now you just don't have
revenue to offset it. Don't forget to
like. Good morning all. What about
gigapods and terrapods? I hadn't gotten
to that yet, I bet. Uh, let's see. 19
thumbs. Come on, people. burns less
calories to click that button than you
get from eating a cornflake. Yeah, but
if you do click that button, you can eat
one extra cornflake guilt-free. Come on.
42 likes. That's more reasonable. How
many thumbs up can I get for a slice of
pepperoni pizza? You'll have to swing
by. We'll find out. Who knows? I might
have pizza.
Let's see. Uhhuh. I'm financially
desperate, so I need the sales to
consumers robo taxi news that will be
available in 5 to 10 years. Yeah. Yeah.
Guys, the stock is down. What do we do?
Announce a robo taxi? You're a genius.
Even if Uber loses, it will still help
spark competition. True. And whoever
wins, rest assured, Uber Uber is
standing in the wings, eager to just
pick up as much as you can give them.
Uh, does it want to be the operator
because nobody will purchase them as a
provider? Sounds like a Hail Mary. I
hadn't thought of that. Who is buying
mobile eye? I don't know. I'm watching
uh land near Pocutello for cyberc cab
charging and car wash. H might be a
minute. I don't know how soon that will
that will reach Pocutello.
Um uh hit the like button. I get the
feeling solid state is actually about to
be here. Very possible. We're seeing
promising results. The question always
comes down to is it manufacturable at a
profit? Does the new $59,000
Cybert truck look so good? Uh, more
refined? I think it's because it's got
more traditional truck wheels. Smaller
wheel, larger sidewall. I don't know.
Looks uh normal. Looks fine to me. I
hope they bring that back. Tesla had a
bit of a bounce this morning. Can't see
any special news other than lemonade
going into Colorado. Turns out the
straight of horror moves was not as open
as we expected. Um, we've had dozens of
announcements that it was reopening. So,
I don't know how much fatigue traders
have on that front. Uh, but, uh, the
straight being closed likely, uh, is
good for EV stocks. Certainly good for
EV sales.
Don't know. Uh-huh. If I do that, I'll
be unliking the video.
I don't uh, hit the like button. Oh,
right. Because you can only hit it once.
You can only hit it once.
uh people buying before earnings. That's
a good theory. That's a good theory. We
do see a lot of that. Oh, the big runup
to the earnings to the uh production
numbers on the second uh which I will be
live streaming as I always do. Uh then
they uh get to the earnings and oh my
gosh, actually we beat productions up
more than expect. Sell it, sell it,
crash it, baby. Concrete batter is
similar to uh Welsh water battery lake.
similar, but water's so much easier to
move. It's so much safer to move.
Concrete is hard to demolish. Yeah, but
you could repurpose the blocks into
something else. Uh, depending on the
size of them, but no, I mean, no matter
what, you could repurpose them. You can
also grind them up and reuse them.
Sounds like a damn idea. Didn't Hoover
do something like that with lots of
concrete? I don't remember necessarily.
107 thumbs up. That's awfully good. Oh,
yeah. People might might be watching
this. Who knows? Lucid on the death
rattle. Can't wait until Lemonade is
approved in New York. If if Lemonade is
genuinely cheaper and profitable, baby,
I'm telling you. Waiting for SpaceX in
the 140s to start building my position.
Make sure to hit the like button. An odd
number of times James has done the math
for us. That's great. So, we don't have
to. I guess I got this ghost here I
forgot to turn off. Uh
Joe's in the house. I found a few cyber
cabs driving uh on the Tesla track
today. Yeah, that's what I like to see.
Um we did have another question from uh
Tesla Tino. You guys can uh interact
with this video on X. Unrequested
opinion. If Tesla makes the Cybertruck
dual motor all-wheel drive 60K again,
demand will be impossible to meet. After
testing one with an engineer in Texas,
I'm convinced it is the best value ad
sibe.
I hope that's the future. Did they make
money on the $60,000 version? If they
did open the floodgates, this is a truck
that will sell. That is only like
50ish,000
if you adjust for inflation. No,
probably if you were to go back to the
2019 release, 60,000 would probably be
about 48,000. 48,000. That is a whole
lot of truck for a 2019 price of 48,000.
Thank you, Raphael. So good to have you
in the house. Appreciate it. Uh let's
see what we've got here. Good way to
celebrate one year of robo taxi. Yeah.
Um 50% cheaper if you use FSD on
lemonade. Yes. Cheaper than what though?
Uh if it's, you know, it's one of those
sales in some states. I've seen
customers look at the pricing of
lemonade and go, "Well, they're saying
with FSD it's going to be, you know, 200
a month. I'm not paying 200 a month now.
So, is there regular rate 400? Is this
one of those jack up the price to cut it
back down sales? I don't know. Every
quote is different. Every driver is
different."
Bunch of hi Joe's in here. Nice try,
David Huber. We know you're not the top
of a flag pole. Uh, so let's see. I
think that's Tesla Tesla wireless
charging. We're not going to see it.
It's not going to be out for us to see.
It'll be something maybe Joe would be
able to see, but even then, I'm not
convinced. It's something that would
probably be inside that parking garage
at Texas as they ramp it up. Uhhuh. And
do this last one. Boomer Bob. Uh, hey
good buddy. Appreciate the video and
sarcastic takes. Monday video always
hilarious. Appreciate it. And let's see.
got to tour the Optimus factory. Said it
was mind-blowing. H interesting. I look
forward to seeing more of that in the
future. And uh guys, with that said,
what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? Leave it in the comments
below. Did you catch this on the replay?
If so, you are contractually obligated
to let me know that in the comments.
I've decided. Everyone else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots. Perhaps at the
4th of July. Perhaps at Three Bandits
and a Baby. July 10th through 26th at
Stageworks Northwest in Washington.