Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Why Tesla's Robotaxi Buildout Is Bigger Than It Looks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjMDCE4ERos
Published:   2026-06-15 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-15 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Let's go back to Tesla and we're talking
about robo taxi. One of the things that
came out this week was there is a robo
taxi depot in Dallas for Worth in
Irving, Texas that was discovered. It's
for storage, service and repair of
autonomous vehicle fleet, 212 remote
fleet parking spaces, 64 building
spaces, 17 EV charging stations,
cleaning, tire replacement, everything
247. So this is uh zone the I think the
letter of intent that was submitted to
get permit for this and then of course
this builds on top of the uh the one we
already knew heard about last week on
Las Vegas and then apparently it's
fairly both the same size the same car
wash um facilities. So what what are you
thinking about this uh CERN?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's further evidence that Tesla
doesn't do anything in a small way. uh
very clearly and we all understand this
that while it looks like they're
tiptoeing right now in robo taxi and
it's frustrating for everybody they are
working towards building a massive
massive robo taxi business and yeah
there'll be investments along the way
there'll be plenty of them they'll
probably try some things and maybe some
cities and maybe not others they'll work
out some of the some of the challenges
but we're going to continue to see an
investment here and one day we're going
to see a massive roll out of the fleet
and they just have to figure out all the
things behind the scenes that they're
working on that that we are not aware of
what the potential issues might be.
We've been told that that they're not
really safety critical type things as
far as the software goes, but clearly
now there's also infrastructure that
needs to be built out and they're
starting that process of doing that and
so we should be very encouraged by that.
&gt;&gt; What's your guys guess the panel here?
Like if there's 212 remote fleet parking
spaces, there's 17 EV charging stations.
What is this capable of capacity for a
robo taxi? Are we talking 200 cars or
talking a thousand cars? I think this is
this is just a service location. So,
it's going to be many times the number
of spots that are here in terms of the
fleet size and we don't know the the the
the uh coverage area that is included in
this, but it could be, you know, several
several cities. So, I mean, they're
going to go pretty big. I think again
Elon wants this service to be more
ubiquitous and not this thing where
you've got to kind of hunt and peck and
find a car that you know may or may not
come to you if you're in a suburb versus
a city. I think he really wants robo
taxi to be the change the way that
people travel. And I think Uber did that
with um just before Uber like no Uber at
all to where we are today. But I think
this just takes it to a whole new level.
So you're going to need all this
ancillary stuff. So I think this is when
you're seeing the capex spend from Tesla
increasing significantly.
Here you go. This is part of it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And you're expecting this to be the
automated robotic uh cleaning, right?
This is it. How is that going to work,
Jeeoff? Is it like a car wash thing
where they come in one side, they leave
the exit the other side, or is it going
to be a lot of base? think that maybe
that's what that me I was wondering what
they meant when they said that there's
64 building spaces. Maybe that's what
that is.
&gt;&gt; Well, it is going to be automated and
they designed the car for this which is
fascinating. A lot of companies struggle
with connecting all this together and
and actually implementing
things in design. It's one of the most
challenging things with automation is
what do you have to change in the
product and is it a trade-off for the
consumer or not. So that you see the way
the seats are designed. Everything is
designed to minimize friction and have
uh uh basically kind of xaxis access
axis access access throughout the entire
vehicle x and yaxis and and and they
thought about this honestly from day
one. And the whole idea was is why is
there a human in the loop? It goes back
to things like, you know, all inputs
error, but really why, you know, why
does this need to exist? And if it does,
can it be automated? And I tell you,
these places were not designed to have
any human, you know, repetitive
operation.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow. Okay. So, a lot of investment.
And my guess is that they're bays, their
bays, and each one, you know, will have
the automated and then it goes out.
Doesn't have to go through a line. Okay.
Okay. But that's a that's a signal that
Tesla feels like it's getting better.
And the latest data, the safety data
that just draw from Nitsa about Tesla's
robo taxi service shows that it's
actually safer than we've all thought.
And this time around, Tesla actually
unredacted their reporting of their
incidents, which means that they tell
you a lot more uh paragraphs of what
actually happened. And there was there's
now been 17 incidents since June of last
year, ever since robo taxi was launched
in Austin. And the robo taxi tracker was
able to use AI to look at all these
narratives. And it it classified 53% of
them as others at fault, only 41% of
them as Tesla's fault, which makes it
seven. Seven that was Tesla's fault. Uh
and then Reigns did a full analysis and
he is now saying that Tesla's robo taxi
is 1.8 81 times safer than humans as of
April 2026 based on uh his analysis of
how you compare it um of how many you
know incidents by miles per accident.
And by the way, this includes the curb
rashes. So it it's
&gt;&gt; way understated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because because I don't report curb
rashes. I I rolled into a curb yesterday
in my Cyber Truck parking at a hotel. I
didn't report that to anybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're embarrassed. You're too
He's too ashamed. He's too
&gt;&gt; There's nothing to report. I mean, it it
didn't damage anything, but apparently
in in a robo taxi, that's a reportable
incident.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't understand. I I tell you,
coming from the product development
world,
you have to get this reporting
correct and meaningful so you're working
on the right things. And I think Tesla
knows Tesla has so much data. I think
they do. They know what they need to
work on. Anyway, I I think it's moving
in the right direction. If you look at
it since January,
um it is it is moving in the right
direction.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh let's move on. Then the next uh
big thing that happened this week was uh
FSE supervised was approved in
Lithuania. Remember Netherlands approved
FSD on April 11th and then based on that
approval, the Dutch RDW, we're waiting
for the EU member states, 28 of them to
maybe vote on it. Maybe that's going to
happen in June. Maybe that will be in
September. But in the meantime, we have
other countries that are saying,
"Forget, we don't need to wait for that
group. We're going to go ahead and
approve it." Lithuania steps up,
approves FSD. Greece said that they
wanted to be second, but they obviously
got beaten by Lithuania, so they are
probably going to approve it in June.
Um, and then Case is just making fun of
Sweden because they're going, "But can
it handle straight highway?" They're
still asking questions. So, this is
happening though. It's um Belgium. And
by the way, Belgium also said that they
wanted approved. One region of Belgium,
there's two regions in Belgium. One
already said we wanted approved and the
second region came out and said, "Hey,
we agree with the first region, Fleming.
We wanted to approve, too." So So it
looks like Belgium and Greece, Lithuania
will all probably happen within uh you
know, within a month. Thoughts on that?
Uh CERN?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's great to see. It's long
overdue. Uh Europe continues to astound
about just how slow and quote unquote
careful they're being, but it's
progress. It's good. Um you know, it's
long overdue.
&gt;&gt; Proud of Lithuania. That's where my
family come from and so very proud of
them. Um I think that uh Europe is
displaying exactly why there's been no
growth in that continent in 10 years.
It's locked in stasis.
&gt;&gt; That's about it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I have a I have a thesis about
China. FSA in China. You guys tell me if
I'm wrong here. So FSA in China, we saw
that Elon visited with President Trump.
But so far there's been no
announcements, not just Tesla, but other
companies as well. But in the meantime,
we're seeing Tesla China hire, I don't
know, six different positions. All of
them marked urgent. all of them
regarding uh AI and I think what's
happening there for FSD specifically and
I think what's happening is they are
they're hiring these positions to now go
out and capture the data that the
Chinese government will say oh look if
you can show us you know the final data
of of how good FSD is in China rows
because remember they they let them have
I think some people think 500 cars like
some limited number of cars are able to
use FSD there very limited they need to
capture the actual data to prove before
they'll prove it. And I think we heard
the CFO of Tesla say in the last
earnings call that he expects FSE to be
proven in China in Q3
or do you think that it's going to
happen sooner than that? Well, I think I
think the hiring is a a signal again. Uh
Tesla wouldn't be hiring all these
people if they hadn't already seen the
path forward.
&gt;&gt; I think it's imminent and just
unpredictable. I don't think they know
exactly. I think this is new for the
regions, the the host countries, and
it's new for Tesla. So, I think they're
going to struggle on precise dates in
some cases, in most cases. But it I
agree with you, Herbert. The the job
postings are signal and it tells you
it's it's more imminent than long-term,
I'd say, in terms of timing.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I would add is is that
each country is following, you know,
their own process. And I think we can
sit here and say that's a silly process
or they're being too cautious and all
that, but at the end of the day, they're
going to follow the process that they
they want to follow. Um, China
certainly, I think, would clearly
greatly benefit from autonomous driving
technology. Uh, a lot of the videos on
the internet of accidents, uh,
astounding accidents seem to come out of
China.
um as well as uh historically it was
like Eastern European countries but in
recent years a lot of the great
accidents come out of China. So um China
can really benefit from this. It's in
their interest to have autonomous
driving technology. It's also going to
help I think spur competition in their
country from their own providers and so
I would expect Tesla to get this
approval sooner rather than later. What
does that mean? In the next few months.
Yeah.