Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       JUST RECORDED: Elon Musk Announces SPACEX Plans
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_1j5dVWNYI
Published:   2026-06-08 21:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-08 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All right. Well, hello everybody and
welcome uh hanging out. I got Elon and
Ian Doll with our Starling team. Figured
we'd check in. It's been, you know,
typical SpaceX year. Launched a brand
new vehicle,
&gt;&gt; acquired XAI, now SpaceX AI, announced a
terrorized chip building project. And
so,
&gt;&gt; yeah, never a dull moment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, never a dull moment. Typical year.
And so let's kind of wanted to connect
some of the dots on how this all feeds
into making life multilanetary, starting
to climb up the Carterv scale, maybe
show off some cool new AI stat stuff.
Kind of start galaxy sized and bring
people in with the Carterv scale.
&gt;&gt; What's the big picture?
&gt;&gt; What's the big picture? What is the
Carter scale?
&gt;&gt; Like how do you decide
what progress the civilization has made?
Um that's the most objective metric uh
that any alien
species say visiting us uh would
calibrate how how much progress we've
made um as a civilization. And one of
the most subjective ways to do that is
the amount of power that is any given
civilization has been able to harness.
Um and uh there was a Russian physicist
actually I think by the name of Kadeshv
um who thought about this and it's and
it's I think it's a good way to
characterize it which is uh
you can have
you can you can assess how well a
civilization is harnessing the power
available on the planet. That's uh type
one. And then type two would be uh how
much of the stars power are you
harnessing? And then type three would be
how much of the galaxy's power are you
harnessing? Um these are very objective
and measurable numbers. U so right now
we're very low on the kadesv one scale.
Like if you say like what proportion of
uh our planet's power uh are we
harnessing? It's a very very tiny
number. Um and uh and and basically we
we're harnessing almost nothing of our
stars power. So the the sun uh is truly
an immense thing. It is it is difficult
with words to characterize just how
immense the sun is. But this gives you
sort of a sense of scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's um it's it's a big difficulty
jump going from level one to level two.
&gt;&gt; Very big difficulty jump. Yes. and level
three and we don't even know how to do
level three really. We'll get Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. AI will figure it out. I
told one way to appreciate this the size
of the sun is to think about how heavy
is the sun compared to all the rest of
the mass in the solar system.
&gt;&gt; So the sun is about 99.86%
of all mass in the solar system.
It's uh everything and and then of the
remaining uh one you know.14%
most of that is Jupiter one planet
&gt;&gt; so we're still lightweight.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh the entire mass of earth is in
the tiny miscellaneous category. We're
we're like a earth is a tiny dust moat
compared to the sun. But but how much
energy are we talking like coming from
the sun especially compared to what
we're using here on earth? It feels like
&gt;&gt; yeah the incident solar energy on the
cross-section of the earth is roughly a
half billionth of the sun's um power
output.
Um and and the vast majority of that we
we cannot use because uh you know 70% of
earth is water.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh we should technically our planet
should be called water. Um because it is
70% water and I think an alien
civilization visiting us would be like
why are they calling it earth when it is
mostly water.
&gt;&gt; We're the we're the greenlands not green
of the of the galley of the solar
system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um a bunch of the the exactly even
even we're 70% water and of 30% that's
land. A bunch of it is uh you know
Antarctica or you know Siberia type of
thing. Very northern Canada type of
thing. very difficult to not not places
people typically want to live and you're
not going to get a lot of uh solar power
in the at the poles.
&gt;&gt; So the actual usable area of land that
where you can get solar power is quite
small anyway in in order to ascend the
cart scale in order to get to any
meaningful percentage of the sun's
energy harness uh you have to go to
space. If you wanted to get to say a
millionth of the power output of the
sun,
&gt;&gt; um you would have to increase
civilizational energy harnessed by much
more than a million.
So we currently use much less than a
trillionth of the power output of the
sun. Um and a trillion is a million
times a million.
Uh so so basically there's we're we're
basically practically nowhere um on on
the sort of the Kadeshv 2 scale.
Practically nowhere.
&gt;&gt; So in Cardesev scale we're all still
we're like not we're not even
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We're we're we're so we're
not we're not registering.
&gt;&gt; Not even a micro soul.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We're
&gt;&gt; No. And so to actually
&gt;&gt; one micros would be an epic epic
achievement relative to where we are
right now.
&gt;&gt; Something to aspire to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's our goal. Like this
is I think both simultaneously
an incredibly adventurous goal relative
to where we are and and yet not
particularly adventurous as a percentage
of the sun's energy to try to achieve uh
power harness being 1 millionth of what
the sun outputs. And so to actually
start a micros
&gt;&gt; to actually start getting there though,
we're not just going to throw solar
arrays in space, try to soak up a bunch
of the sun. Like there has to be a need.
Like you want to go up there and do
something meaningful. And obviously
until this point in human history, like
there hasn't really been a need. What
has changed to make us think that like
maybe now is the time to start trying to
notch a percentage point or two? I mean,
getting to a percent of the sun's
energy,
&gt;&gt; maybe not a percent. Let's go. Like, we
we'll move the decimal point back.
You're an
&gt;&gt; extremely kick-ass civilization if you
get to 1% of the sun's energy. And I'm
like, wow, that civilization is going to
be uh vastly more powerful than us to
say the least. Yeah. Um, so in order to
start to make some progress uh on the
cottage scale, we need to uh launch
satellites to to to orbit Earth uh and
capture uh solar power. And that avoids
the need to build massive power plants
on Earth and uh deal with cooling cuz uh
cooling is actually much easier in space
than it is on Earth. Um you can just
radiate to the vacuum. Um and um and so
what what we're proposing here and what
we intend to do is to try to climb the
cartes scale to I don't know be kind of
like a respectable civilization. Um so
when the aliens hopefully there are
aliens out there and they uh maybe
finally decide to talk to us, you know,
where we have we have some respectable
amount of the sun's energy being used.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. um that's not like totally
pathetic,
&gt;&gt; which is the current situation.
&gt;&gt; And so before we start sending data
centers, sending all this to space,
there are some limiting factors that we
got to get there that would
traditionally make it so like this is
almost impossible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What does it take to scale?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um so things it takes to scale um are
you need to have a large mass to orbit
capability, which is what Starship will
give us. uh that large mass. So you know
you ultimately need to send millions of
tons to orbit and beyond and you need
the power associated with that. So if
you want to put a 100 gawatt or
ultimately a terowatt into space from
earth uh you need uh you you will at
some point need a terowatt of solar um
and then you're going to need a terowatt
of AI chips. So, the three things on you
need are mass orbit, a lot of solar
power and radiators, of course, and uh a
lot of chips.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's start ticking
down the list. So, NASA orbit, that's
where Starship comes in. We just had
&gt;&gt; first flight to V3 was awesome.
&gt;&gt; I know you were there. It was crazy to
see that rocket launch. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And like long time coming. What's kind
of what's Starship's kind of purpose of
being? what is it going to be doing?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so Starship is going to
it's going to revolutionize space
really. It's um it's the first rocket
design uh that is capable of full and
rapid reusability. Now reusability is
the fundamental breakthrough that is
necessary to make life multilanetary uh
as well as to ascend the cottage scale.
you you simply cannot extend the the
caut scale unless you have a re reusable
spacecraft and you cannot extend life uh
to the moon to Mars and the rest of the
solar system without a reusable rocket.
Um the cost is simply prohibitive. You
you can't you can't make enough rockets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh unless you fly unless you can refly
them. Uh just like any other mode of
transport. You can imagine that if uh if
we had to throw away airplanes every
time we flew, uh flying would be far too
expensive and basically no one would be
flying airplanes.
&gt;&gt; You're doing a whole lot more driving.
Rapid reusability.
&gt;&gt; Um every mode of transport is reusable
um without which is simply not viable as
as a transport uh system. Uh so cars,
planes, boats, horses, bicycles are all
obviously reusable. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, with rockets, it's much harder to
make a rocket reusable because Earth has
a deep gravity well and a thick
atmosphere. Um, and these make it just
barely possible to achieve reusability
with a rocket. Um, and there have been,
you know, many prior attempts to
create a re a fully reusable rocket. Um,
and they most of those attempts have
been abandoned partway through because
they they didn't think they could
succeed. uh in order to achieve full
reusability, everything's got to be
perfect. The the engines, the structure,
the avionics, um the choice of
propellant, uh
you've got to you've got to go to
extreme measures for mass optimization,
which is why we have the tower catch the
rocket instead of putting on landing
legs, which are heavy. Uh the the rocket
can simply be caught by the tower. And
we haven't achieved full reusability
yet, but we do expect to achieve that
hopefully later this year with Starship.
And then you you've got to achieve full
reusability. Then you've also you got to
go a step beyond that, which is um make
it rapidly reusable such that the rocket
lands, it gets caught by the tower, gets
put back on the launch stand, and can be
flown again without any refurbishment or
laborious inspection like an aircraft.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um this is incredibly difficult. Uh this
is the first time that there's ever been
a rocket where that is possible. That's
what makes Starship so profound. I it it
also happens to be the the largest
flying object ever made, the heaviest
flying object ever made,
&gt;&gt; the most powerful moving object of any
kind. Starship B3 is more than double
the thrust of it, the Saturn 5 moon
rocket. Uh by version four, we'll be
pretty much three times the thrust of a
Saturn 5 moon rocket. And we expect this
we expect Starship to be flying um more
than once per hour down the road.
&gt;&gt; One of the fun facts from flight 12 that
was actually the heaviest payload SpaceX
has ever flown and that's still just a
fraction of what V3 can do. So
&gt;&gt; yes,
&gt;&gt; I mean once we're flying
massive amounts
really rapidly. I mean we already fly
the majority of payload to space with
Falcon.
Do people even really understand what
mass orbit becomes once Starship is
flying?
&gt;&gt; It's it's many orders of magnitude
greater than what is the case today. So
even with Falcon uh 9, Falcon Heavy, uh
SpaceX delivers almost 90% of all Earth
mass to orbit. Um I think somewhere
between 85 and 90% right now. Um and
then most of the remaining mass I think
is is launched by China and then the
rest of the world including the rest of
the US is the remaining I don't know 5
to 7%.
Um
now with with Starship we'll be aiming
to go from somewhere around 2500 tons a
year to orbit to millions of tons per
year to orbit. Um and to do so in a
pretty short period of time. So we think
probably we can get to uh a million tons
uh to orbit per year in in in about 3
years thereabouts.
&gt;&gt; Starship Starship is going to take care
of the master orbit limiting factor.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And then power generation. So first and
Ian maybe you can help.
&gt;&gt; Sure. People probably struggle to
visualize a little bit when you say like
data center in space. Like we're not
going to slap engines on a building and
fly it up there. Like these actually
look like pretty different. And so kind
of walk through how you take something
that's in a giant building on the ground
and turn it into something that's
functional in space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think it's it's pretty
interesting. A lot of people don't
actually know what what the inside of a
data center even looks like, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And
&gt;&gt; it's some like mythical place where the
the internet's in the cloud or
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Some people envision wires, some
people envision boxes, but like
effectively it comes down to uh a set
number of of chips and and and the
things that we need to launch into space
are actually quite small when we look at
it. Uh the more challenging part is
figuring out how to get how do you get
the power for it. Uh and and that's
where a lot of what we've worked on for
existing like Starwing technology, the
solar arrays um
are what we want to utilize uh that
expertise to to be able to build a
satellite that can actually launch the
critical components of the data center
into space itself. Um
we like to look at this and say like
what is what is the actual engineering
problem here? and and it's it's really a
combination of delivering power and then
taking the waste heat and energy away
and sending it into the vacuum of space
as you mentioned.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh now the the AI satellite is uh
actually much simpler than a Starlink
satellite. It's a Starlink satellite has
has gigantic phase ray antennas. Uh it's
got u you know parabolic antennas. It's
got uh
you a lot of laser links. Um it's a it's
it's much more complicated than an AI
satellite. An AI satellite is
essentially a lot of uh solar cells, um
a radiator, and uh you still need some
laser links, but you don't have all of
the the super complex uh antennas that
you have on a Solink satellite. So, I
mean, given the two, the easier one to
design for is the um the AI satellite.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's just a little bit bigger.
&gt;&gt; Just bigger.
&gt;&gt; Just make stuff bigger. Yeah. I was
like, so we've got
&gt;&gt; this is our AI1. If you guys want to
walk us through.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so the first thing that we're
we're really looking at here is like
first you got to make something
compelling. Uh, right. And and we
thought that the right place to start is
uh around the 150 kowatt like peak power
level. Um, but as we look at the
workloads with with our experience with
XAI, uh, we get to actually see the that
we can also support about 120 kilowatts
of average compute. There's a
difference.
&gt;&gt; And what we're showing here is kind of a
a draft version of the version one of
the of the SpaceX AI satellite, an AI1,
I guess you could call it. Um and uh
seems like a reasonable place to start
is 150 kW peak power, 120 kW sustained
power. And um and to give you a sense of
what does that actually look like in
terms of the size of the radiators, size
of the solar panels, um the assumptions
here are uh 250 W per square meter for
the solar array and um about 1,400 watts
per square meter for the radiators. So
the radiators, these are double-sided
radiators are radiating both sides.
They're uh oriented knife edge to the
sun and uh and and it's 1400 watts per
square meter is a very achievable goal.
Over time, we think we could probably do
above 250 watts per square meter and
above 1400 watts per square meter for
the uh solar panels and radiators
respectively. Um but this gives you like
a a is pretty much what the satellite's
going to look like. It's uh a lot of
solar panels, radiator, and then
everything else is pretty small by
comparison.
&gt;&gt; And these are like evolutions of of
things that we have actually already
launched in in in our Starling
constellation to date.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's that's really I think the the
cool part to me is that we're we're
looking at solar technology that we
already are are going to use on on the
V3 uh Starlink vehicle. So, uh I I'm
like really excited to then just take
those and make it bigger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Part of what we want to convey
here is that this there's not some um
magic that's necessary that doesn't
exist for the AI satellites. Uh as Ian
said, this is a lot of this is u
technology we've already made for the
stalling B3 satellites. Uh so it's it's
we we basically we don't think this is a
a super hard problem compared to things
we already do. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um there would also be probably
something on the order of a terabit of
connectivity of laser link connectivity
from the uh from the satellite.
&gt;&gt; Um the 150 kW peak uh power level is
roughly matches what say an Nvidia GB300
uh rack would do. So you've got a GV300
with 72 GPUs. Uh it peak power I think
is around 140 kW. Um but it's rarely
it's it's almost impossible to get it to
to be at that peak power. Um a more
reasonable operating envelope would be
around 120 20 kow average power. Um but
but it can peak up to 150. So that's
it's basically think of it as a a rack
of compute in space and then you can
connect the these these racks of compute
to uh either each other by the laser
links um or directly to the stalling
constellations. So you can close the
link uh with the Starink constellation
and then Starlink can then um uh send
that data to the ground uh using the
existing KA and KU uh antennas on the on
the vehicle. Um it also has laser to
laser links to the ground as well. So
uh and this this would not be at a
particularly high latency you know we're
talking about you know maybe being
around 6 to 800 km
&gt;&gt; above the earth uh and light travels 300
km per millisecond.
&gt;&gt; So that's uh it's about you know 3
milliseconds away basically. It's not
not very far.
&gt;&gt; Won't worry about that too much though.
It's sometimes people think there's
going to be some like high latency. I'm
like, yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's no speed of light moves pretty
fast.
&gt;&gt; Light moves pretty fast. A tall one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think the cool thing also is the uh
the radiators themselves are about the
same size as the existing uh solar race
for the V3 vehicle. Um kind of kind of
in that that realm where we're flying
today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean they got they got about
a 70 m wingspan. So these are fairly
large. We're talking about building a
lot of them and putting them up there.
But
&gt;&gt; you like to say like space is in the
name like there's there's a lot of space
up there. And so even when you're
talking
&gt;&gt; thousands or even, you know, up to a
million satellites. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You got plenty of room to move around up
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Space is really big. So it's not
like it's not like space is going to get
crowded. Uh space is is enormous. Like
if you zoom in close to the satellite,
it looks big. But if you actually look
at it relative relative to the Earth,
these satellites are so tiny you can you
can't even see them. So
they're they're very very tiny compared
to Earth.
&gt;&gt; And I mean, we have 10 about 10,000
Starlinks in orbit right now. We've got
a pretty good idea of how to operate
just really large constellations and do
it safely now. Right.
We are the only operator that has any
experience of that scale.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's it's a great thing that you know
we have this background so we know how
tightly we can pack the satellites and
and and fly them safely. That's that's a
a number one goal when when we look at
the constellation.
&gt;&gt; We're going to be building a lot of
satellites and we're going to be
building them
&gt;&gt; here in Bastrop. Right. So we've we've
got this which
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So we're in that building kind of in the
middle which
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We're sitting in that building
right now. This is my first time here.
The building is massive. Like you you
come around the corner, you see it
through the trees and you're like, "Oh,
wow." But we're about to kind of put
this building to shame, aren't we?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes, we're going to in fact, we
already have the solar manufacturing
facility. It's under construction
already. And uh
and then we will be building out the
AIAT production building soon. Um and uh
yeah so we expect to have the this theat
as production the solar production um
and uh all of that operating at some
reasonable volume by the end of next
year.
&gt;&gt; So if anybody wants to work on a AI
satellites this is kind of going to
become the hub of that. We're also so I
mean like right behind us the machines
are humming. We're still making all of
our user terminals for Starlink here.
That's not going anywhere. In fact,
we're turning on new production lines
for new units, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Um in fact, these are the new
Starlink terminals, uh which we made in
much higher volume than than the current
uh terminals. Um you know, ultimately we
think there's probably going to be a few
hundred million Starink terminals out
there. And then our the Starlink direct
to cell constellation will um connect
directly to people's cell phones and
enable uh high bandwidth communication
directly from your phone to space.
&gt;&gt; All right. We're we're two limiting
factors down. We've got mass to orbit,
got putting solar in the third one's
chips.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um so at least in the in the
beginning, we can obviously launch the
the chips that are already being made.
Um, so our current reference design is
for Nvidia
uh Reuben chips or could be either GB300
or or Reuben CHFS. Um, and uh we'll also
have a reference design for TPUs and and
essentially you can put up put any any
existing chips into into orbit. Um, but
the the current industry uh seems to be
uh it seems like it's going to I don't
know get to maybe around 100 gawatt a
year of of AI compute, but it
that doesn't answer the question of
well, how do you get to a terowatt?
That's why you need uh the terra app.
&gt;&gt; Always looking a step bigger. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In order to get to the next order
of magnitude, uh you need a gigantic
ship factory. And to give you a sense of
scale here, uh we expect that the
terafab is going to be around 100
million square ft uh which is 10 times
the size of the uh the Tesla Gigafactory
Texas.
&gt;&gt; And what aside from just, you know, I'm
going to need Starship point to point to
get from one end to the other. Aside
from just the size, what's going to make
this unique, different from any other
chip building operation on the planet?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think over time there's going to
be a lot of technology evolution with
the Terra Fab, but fundamentally it's
about scale. So even if there were no uh
fundamental technology breakthroughs
and and you simply you you could simply
scale uh the existing chipm technology u
with a lot of difficulty uh to a
terowatt of chip output per year. Um
that's if you look at it just from the
logic die standpoint that's uh that's
equivalent that's like having a billion
chips per year with a a kilowatt per
reticle. So it's a billion full radical
equivalent chips uh each doing a
kilowatt and then you're going to need a
lot of memory to go with that.
&gt;&gt; A lot of people today even think orbital
data centers were like a decade away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we want to try to give
people a sense of of the time frame uh
we at least the time frame we're aiming
for. I mean you know people should take
this with a grain of salt to some degree
because this is this is just our best
guess. So this is not a this is not a
promise of what we'll do. This is what
we what what we are going to try to do
and think we probably can do um which is
to get to roughly an annualized rate of
a gigawatt per year by the end of next
year in terms of space uh AI compute um
and then aspirationally scale that by an
order of magnitude per year. So in 2 and
1/2 years hitting an annualized rate of
10 gawatt a year to space in 3 and 1/2
years maybe 100 gawatt and then
depending upon what progress uh there is
in trip making in the rest of the world
and with the terap fab uh going beyond
that to scale to a terowatt per year
which is 1,000 gawatt
&gt;&gt; which is that that's twice the the
current electricity consumption of the
United States.
&gt;&gt; I think there will be an appetite for
that but we'll see.
It's a lot of satellites. So,
&gt;&gt; I don't know what it's going to think
about, but uh we need to do a lot of
simulations or something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, after we've, you know,
broken through all the limiting factors,
we've kind of topped out what we can do
on Earth, what is the next step to again
try and actually notch maybe some
percentage points towards becoming
Carter Chev level two?
&gt;&gt; Why stop there? Stop. Why think small
&gt;&gt; cuz a terowatt actually is very small.
&gt;&gt; Think small.
&gt;&gt; Let's not think small. Um so there is in
order to get to another three orders of
magnitude to 1000x from a terowatt per
year the the only way that we can really
say see that you can achieve that is on
the moon with uh a mass driver
essentially where you do local
production of uh photovoltaics and solar
and radiators on the moon. Um maybe you
bring the chips from Earth or you could
conceivably
uh make the chips on on the moon. Um and
but you you need most of the mass uh to
be made on the moon. So you don't have
to transport it to the moon from Earth.
&gt;&gt; And and then because the moon has no
atmosphere and only 16th Earth's
gravity, you can you can get you can
accelerate the AI satellites into deep
space without a rocket. So you can
basically shoot them into space using um
an electromagnetic
gun like a like a rail gun type. I mean
just it's basically linear electric
motor is a way to think about it.
&gt;&gt; I think we can show people
Heat. Heat.
I mean, if that doesn't get you excited
for the future, I don't really know what
will. I'm fired up enough to see to see
a mass driver on the moon. That would be
very cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Sci-fi future. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it would
also mean that if we're if we're
bringing that amount of mass to the
moon, it would mean that anyone who
wants to go to the moon, uh, we'll be
able to go to the moon. And, uh, I think
that would be pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm going to be jumping first
in line to get up there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, everyone should
go to the moon at least once, I think.
&gt;&gt; Just once.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can move there if you want.
You can go live on the moon.
&gt;&gt; We'll see.
&gt;&gt; Thanks guys for chatting with me for a
little bit.
excited to see a whole new type, whole
new kind of satellite, whole bunch more
Starship launches, more chips, more
solar, more more everything. It's it's a
big future, but I'm excited to see
everybody at this company go out and
build.
&gt;&gt; All right, sounds good. It's exciting.
Great. Aces.