Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Uber Just Made Waymo's Trap Worse
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50PK30PWJWk
Published:   2026-05-01 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

that's going to destroy Waymo's
economics. They'll have competition at
high end. People that don't want to be
in a cab with a human driver can now
choose between a Waymo and a cyber cab.
Tesla will be able to undercut Waymo
very easily.
This idea of a hybrid
network is also interesting and I think
we may have this for a period of time,
certainly, because AVs aren't going to
take over the world overnight. Right.
Right, but they they make the case that
this hybrid network of combining human
drivers and autonomous vehicles is more
efficient.
Especially given how unpredictable ride
demand can be during the week. So
they're saying human drivers can fill in
during peak times while autonomous
vehicles provide the baseline
Mhm. Well, the problem is what happens
if the autonomous vehicles are even
cheaper than the human ones? Then you
don't need the human drivers to fill in
the peak.
&gt;&gt; So isn't this what's happening right
now? Let explain to me what's going on.
So
Uber, of course, has their app, human
drivers everywhere.
Waymo launches, they've got in 10
cities. Oddly, they only do maybe I
think two cities where they decided
they're going to partner with Uber. I
know for sure Austin.
Which means that you open up the Uber
app, you order a car. If it happens that
there is a Waymo car, then that's what
they'll offer you. That's what they're
saying. I think that's their pitch to
Waymo, which is you don't have that many
cars in Austin. And so you don't want to
just offer yourself there. You want to
have this combined human drivers that
can fill in when needed and we only give
you when you you that will allow you to
always be full. I don't know what their
logic is, but that's what they do. But
the weird thing is that Waymo decides to
launch in multiple new cities without
Uber. So if this if truly this was
important, they would have been doing
this all the time, but that doesn't seem
to be the case. Well, the challenge as
it is now
is that Waymo actually is pretty
expensive to run from a cost perspective
to the to Waymo the company.
Not to mention the price of the fares to
the customers. Waymo actually is often
able to garner higher fares than than
Uber is because a lot of people don't
want to be in a car with a human.
So Waymo's carved out that little niche
and they get they get higher revenue for
that on a per mile basis.
The problem that Waymo has
is and we talked about this and this is
from New Street Research is that as they
add more vehicles to the market there is
less and less than you know, high fare
miles. They've already skimmed off the
the cream
in terms of the the opportunity. Now
they have to accept lower fare per mile
if they're trying to take market share.
But their cost structure doesn't allow
them to do that.
And they're going to have more vehicles
sitting idle. And so you've got
expensive cars sitting idle earning less
money.
So for Waymo, the best strategy is to
try to expand in as many markets as
possible to skim off the cream of each
of those markets. And in that way then
they lose less money than if they try to
scale massively in a single market.
Well, pretty soon along comes Tesla
with their extremely low cost to make
to operate
cyber cab. That's going to destroy
Waymo's economics. They'll have
competition at high end.
People that don't want to be in a cab
with a human driver can now choose
between a Waymo and a cyber cab.
Tesla will be able to undercut Waymo
very easily.
It's going to completely destroy Waymo's
economics. Now, we're getting off topic
here in terms of Waymo.
But as it relates to Uber, I think what
they're saying here
it maybe that as it stands today, but
introduce Tesla into this equation and
things change dramatically very quickly.
Okay, explain this. This is Austin's
autonomous vehicle operating zone. Yeah,
what's going on?
&gt;&gt; So so this is this little chart and this
is good to understand because you can
see the demand for ride share, you know,
changes throughout the week and you can
see on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday it's building throughout the
week.
It's interesting, isn't it? You think
it'd be a little more steady throughout
the week that that, you know, the Monday
demand would be similar to Wednesday
demand.
But Thursday and Friday it really builds
and Friday and Saturday are the peak
times in terms of demand for ride share.
And that makes sense. Friday night,
Saturday nights people are going out,
they're having a good time, they're
going to bars, they're using ride share
more.
And then Sunday is a big drop off. So
what they're saying here is point number
one, stable engagement for AVs which
serve a fixed base load supply
is what they are envisioning. And then
they're saying human drivers provide
boost supply to meet demand spikes
throughout the week. This is this hybrid
model they're talking about. Mhm. And
then they says an AV only competitor
must hold significant underutilized
supply to match Uber's reliability and
prices or deliver worse consumer
experience and leave significant demand
off the table. Again, this is a wishful
thinking here.
They're not accounting for the fact that
an AV only competitor, i.e. Tesla
can do this very very cheaply. This
applies to Waymo because what this is
true for Waymo. Waymo can only do the
the the stable amount. That's why they
have 500 cars. Is it 500 300 in Austin?
And that's it. That's what they do and
they can't add more because if they do
add more
they'll use it for this period, but then
they'll they're sitting around doing
nothing for so long, you know. You only
do it for these peaks and that's it.
Yes. Um
and that's too expensive for them. But
right, so this this does apply to Waymo
and that's what they're saying to them.
You just go ahead and do this. Trying to
understand like worse
consumer experience. But Waymo is doing
that in some in some cities where they
don't partner with Uber and they're fine
with that scenario.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think they're testing out and
they'll learn pretty quickly that they
won't need Uber, I think ultimately.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Now, imagine this chart. Imagine
overlaying this a line that represents
the number of vehicles in a given city.
So let's imagine Waymo for example.
Let's say in Austin they have
I don't know how many. Let's say 250
vehicles.
Yeah, let's say 300, yeah. Okay, 300. So
so 300. Draw a line of 300 vehicles on
this curve, okay?
&gt;&gt; Right there. Yeah. Now imagine a line
that's a thousand vehicles. Ooh. So up
there somewhere, wherever that is, okay?
&gt;&gt; The the the Oh, it would be it would be
double. If this is 300 it would be three
times that. It would be right around
here. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
So imagine then there are certain
periods and maybe even days of the week
where you just don't need 200 of those
vehicles cuz there's just not enough
demand. So they're sitting idle.
Yeah. So you've got expensive cars
sitting idle making no money destroying
the economics of the entire fleet in
that particular city for Waymo. This is
why Waymo again has to keep going to new
cities. Yeah. And this is what Uber's
saying that they're saying that this is
a fixed base load of supply. These
autonomous vehicles, awesome. They're
there. That's great. They're failing to
understand or or admit publicly what the
Tesla effect is going to be here. And
we'll talk about that here in a minute.
So that's a very very good point by the
way. I think that that is so critical.
Uber's price point, they have to pay the
driver four of dollars per hour
depending on peak and all that. Waymo,
five bucks an hour. Per mile, sorry. But
once if if Tesla is able to bring it
down to a dollar 50 to a dollar per
mile, all of a sudden it's no longer
ride hail. Now it is more than ride
hail.
Cuz some people will choose to do this
as their regular transportation rather
than just for ride hail hail services
cuz it's so expensive, right? Uber
themselves said if you would reduce it
down to a certain price point it's 10x
their their market. Yes. When in that
scenario then your autonomous vehicle is
no longer having issues. You can now
have a thousand cars instead of 500 cars
and it would be full stable usage all
the time. Or 10,000.
&gt;&gt; It's another peak. Yeah, right? Yeah,
that's the difference. The the reason
these guys have never even thought of
this cuz they had never assumed that
they can bring down the price to a lower
than a cost of owning a vehicle, which I
some people say is a dollar 50 a mile.
Yeah, Arc Invest talks about 70 some
cents a mile. So there's a quite wide
range there, I guess, in terms of what
that might be.
Obviously, any average there's a range
around the average. For some people who
are subprime auto borrowers, their cost
per mile might be, you know, a dollar
50. And other people that, you know,
have purchased their car with cash and
are easy on their vehicles and the
vehicles last a long time, they might be
getting 50 cents per mile. So there's a
wide range in those averages. But all
along as as the AV operators have the
ability to reduce prices
or the fares to the customers, you're
going to unlock more and more and more
of that market. And as you decrease by
the same amount, let's say, you know,
every every 25% drop per mile
or every 25 cent drop per mile, you're
unlocking more and more demand each
time. It's not just a linear thing. Mhm.
So the first 25 cent drop you might
unlock another percent. The next 25 cent
drop you might unlock 5%. The next 25
cents you might unlock another 10%. It
it keeps scaling like that. It's the
world that Uber has dreamed of, but they
can't get there. They'll never get
there.
&gt;&gt; They can't get there. And then the final
miscalculation is is assuming that time
is on their side. Again, we talked about
this whole 10-year thing. They think
it's going to take time. Regulations are
slow, edge cases are difficult. You
know, it's just going to take time. But
I think that's a miscalculation on their
part.
It feels like to me that Uber's kind of
optimizing for this transition phase.
They're not optimizing for the end
state.
Tesla is optimizing for the end state.
The transition phase may be a challenge
for Tesla and frustrating for
shareholders. But the end state is where
ultimately we will get to and that's
where the the greatest rewards come.
As we talked about Tesla can use these
vehicles
the robo-taxi as a platform. It's not
just for delivering rides for people.
It's a platform for all kinds of
services. Many of them I think that
we've identified and I'm sure there's
some that we have not thought of yet.
That that we'll we'll soon discover that
these these vehicles can be used for X,
Y, and Z.
Uh
that has been the case with every new
platform that's been developed. There's
always new uses that people discover.
Um and I'm sure it's going to be the
case with robo-taxi as well.
One of the promising new use cases is to
use these vehicles as mobile compute
nodes.
We don't yet know what the economics of
that looks like, but that is
increasingly appearing to be a
significant advantage for Tesla. I just
I'm laughing because this is the irony
of all ironies.
Tesla's actually the new Uber.
Tesla is a company and it's reaching out
to personal owners, drivers, right?
Personal owners and saying, "Hey,
if I pay you
five bucks a minute, five bucks an hour,
would you let me have access to your
car?" It's like an Uber, right? "Can you
drive this trip?"
It's like the It is They are now the new
Uber.
That's right.
Yeah, it's really quite amazing. They're
they're going to be aggregating demand
from this fragmented supply of
Whenever they need it. If there's a peak
of need, Yes.
&gt;&gt; we need more, we'll charge you more. You
want to entice you to put your car in.
Uh say yes.
Um Well, that's a good insight. That's a
good way of phrasing it, I think,
Roberto, is that
Tesla is the new Uber in that sense.
Yeah.