Channel:     electrified
Title:       I Never Wanted to Make This Tesla Video ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XDcouAPWnY
Published:   2026-07-21 20:14 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-21 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. First of all, I do want to
clarify that I do understand 22x is not
two orders of magnitude. On the last
episode, my brain completely shut off
momentarily. So, apologies on that one.
Thank you everybody for pointing it out.
But two orders of magnitude is indeed
100x, not 20x. Now, with that out of the
way, unfortunately, for the next few
minutes, I just need to sit here and say
some things. And to explain where this
is coming from, you guys know I usually
am so looking forward to Tesla's
earnings call to get a peak behind the
curtain to learn a bit more about this
company that most of us enjoy so much.
However, throughout this weekend and
heading into this week, something was
just different for me. And initially, I
couldn't put a finger on it until
eventually I did. And the short of it, I
came to the unfortunate conclusion that
I can no longer trust what Elon says.
And I'm not just talking about adding an
Elon timeline multiplier to the
timelines that he gives. I mean, his
credibility and by default Tesla's
because he is a reflection of Tesla, at
least for me personally, is at an
all-time low. Now, I have to say right
here based on how I know the Tesla
community responds, I in no way am
doubting Tesla's future dominance. I am
in no way doubting that at some point in
the future they will hit the scale
everybody is waiting for. I have not
sold any shares. Nothing has changed
from my long-term Tesla investment
thesis. But I can no longer sit idly by
on the sidelines and watch all of the
sick of fancy in the Tesla community.
While effectively no one is calling out
the people, hint hint, Elon, that need
to be called out. And truly for me, this
has nothing to do with Tesla stock. I
don't care what it does in the short
term at all. But it has everything to do
with the credibility of Elon himself and
of Tesla. And for a company that is
doing such amazing things, I and we all
should hold Tesla to a higher standard.
And the things I'm talking about here
are marketing 101. Just underpromise and
overperform. It's not complicated. And
just so you know where this is coming
from, this weekend I sat down and took
some time to go back and research what
Elon actually said over the past year
about robo taxi. And I wanted a
refresher to know how good or how bad
those predictions actually were. Was
anything perhaps taken out of context?
Was anything missed? So going into this
earnings call and future ones, I have a
better understanding of how to discern
whatever is mentioned on the call and
how much weight to attribute to it. And
I'll zip through this because I'm
assuming most of you have already seen
my post on X that's over 250,000 views
with no Elon interaction. But listen,
the only reason I am mentioning this at
all is because clearly it struck a chord
with the broader Tesla community. Actual
quotes from Elon on just a few recent
quarterly calls. Q2 last year, Elon
said, I believe half the population of
the US will be covered by Roboaxi by the
end of the year. The reality not even
close. Q3 last year, he said, "We do
expect to be operating robo taxi in I
think about 8 to 10 metro areas by the
end of the year." The reality was one.
Q3 last year, we expect to be operating
in Nevada, Florida, and Arizona by the
end of the year. The reality, none. And
Q4 last year, in terms of taxi vehicles
carrying paid customers, I think we're
well over 500 at this point between the
Bay Area and Austin. This will probably
double every month type of thing. The
reality that number stayed flat and the
unsupervised number is much smaller. And
I will say this was not an exhaustive
list. And as I said, we're all humans.
We all make mistakes. We all will get
timelines wrong. But when you do as a
public company, it is in your best
interest to give an explanation for what
went wrong. And so far, by and large,
for all of these timelines that Elon and
Tesla have put out there, they have not
given a sufficient explanation or
expressed any sense of remorse for
giving such misleading expectations to
investors. And guys, I would hope at
this point, you know, I don't do the
drama, not personally, not publicly. I
would not waste your time with it. But
in this case, I want to expose what's
going on with a non-trivial amount of
the Tesla community. Homemar responded
to that post saying, "You don't have to
believe him, only your own eyes."
Sharing a video of FSD. Now, I don't
know how much of my work he's familiar
with, but at a minimum he's followed me
for some time. I think he knows how
familiar I am with FSD and its
performance, which is what I said. and I
added, "But the tech being mostly
excellent is not an excuse to say
whatever you want to investors. It's
just not a good look for Elon or Tesla.
And if you can't admit that, then
ultimately that's on you." And then
said, "They are putting real driverless
cars on the road. If you want, you can
go get mad about Elon saying they would
do a coast to coast drive in 2018, or
you can marvel at the fact that today
multiple customers have done it in their
own cars. It's an IQ test, and many are
failing." And so, of course, I had to
respond saying that one, not a single
point he made was actually a direct
response to any point I was originally
making. Not anywhere did I say Tesla's
not putting driverless cars on the road.
But again, that fact does nothing to
excuse Elon from continually making very
poor predictions to investors and the
public. And truly, I have zero anger
toward Elon. I'm just overall
disappointed by his seeming lack of
judgment for the fallout that his public
predictions that have not come true are
causing. I said nothing about Elon's
commentary about a 2018 coast to coast
drive. And as you guys know, over the
years I've often marveled at FSD. But my
point is none of that means that we
should just gloss over all of these
public predictions that Elon is making
terribly. So, my point in sharing any of
this, in my opinion, there is a very
unhealthy and unproductive sick fancy
streaming through the Tesla community.
And I know tens of thousands of people
are nearly daily listening to some of
this output. And in no way am I trying
to tell anybody who to follow. I would
never do that. But ask yourself
honestly, are the people you following
actually calling out any of this
behavior that I think we should all
agree deserves being called out? Again,
if Elon made a mistake and one day was
feeling overly optimistic, okay, we're
all human. Maybe a single moment of
hubris, okay, you get a pass. But this
situation we're talking about is not
that. This is a year plus of a trend of
very poor inaccurate predictions with
very little and next to no explanation
given for the reasons for the failures.
And I hope you all know where this is
coming from. I love Tesla the company
and never in my life did I think I'd be
the person expressing love or this type
of emotion for a company. But here we
are and it's just such a shame to see so
many thousands of people so frustrated
and upset with Elon and Tesla. And in my
opinion, this all would have been so
easily avoided. If these goals and
timelines are so uncertain because this
has never really been done before at
scale, that's fine. Just don't put those
predictions out in the public. And I
know many of you in the comments will go
down there right now and say, "But Elon
just wants to motivate people and he's
an optimistic guy." That's fine, but do
that internally direct to the AI team.
The public and the investors do not need
to hear those timelines. And listen, I'm
here for all of the forward guidance
that Elon and Tesla want to give. I'm
just saying at this point, even if they
give it, I don't think we can believe
it. And so that's why I'm so conflicted
and emotionally charged up today because
going into this call on Wednesday, of
course, I'll listen and dive into it
like I always do. But after that, I just
don't really know what I can actually do
with that information. Because in case
you've forgotten, it's not just
commentary on a call, something off the
cuff, but they literally had dates for
cities in the slide deck that were later
removed and ultimately missed. And I
have a lot more to say, but before I
just continue on rambling, I think most
of us understand the keyman risks with
Elon. And as the latest research shows,
executive targeting incidents have
climbed 313% over the past 2 years. And
as they said, the target set has now
broadened well beyond the seauite. What
that's saying is now anybody with money
and a bit of visibility can be a target.
Which, yes, is exactly why I'm so eager
to continually talk about Delete Me, the
sponsor of this video. It used to take a
private investigator weeks and thousands
of dollars to build a target profile on
someone. Now, it takes 10 minutes on
these people's search sites. But again,
the good news here is Delete Me is how
you get out of this database to begin
with. They remove your personal
information from over 750 people search
sites and they rescan every quarter
continuously because these sites are
constantly repopulating your data. And
don't take my word for it. Here are the
facts. I've been working with Delete Me
for years, but I just got my latest
report. In last quarter alone, Delete Me
reviewed over 7,200 records tied to my
name, found my personal info exposed on
54 unique sites and submitted removals
for all 64 different exposures. And
again, this is not a set it and forget
it problem. It's a faucet that never
shuts off, which is why you need someone
watching it constantly. And you can add
your spouse, your parents, your kids 16
and up at a discount per person, which
matters more than you think because
attackers map your family to figure out
how to get to you. So, if you'd like to
support Electrified and protect the
people you love, you can head to
joindeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. And so picking up with a
theme where I left off, Tesla Robo Taxi
today said the service is now live in
Tampa and Orlando. Looking at the
geoence sizing, we're looking at
anywhere between 15 and 30 square miles
for each city. So on one hand, it's
great. I'll do a little golf clap for
it. And as I always say, I do really
want to celebrate even the smallest of
milestones. However, I feel like I would
be negligent in my duties of presenting
the truth if I don't call out the
circumstances. This is one day before
earnings. And do you remember what
happened before the Q1 call? We got a
launch for Tesla's robo taxi service in
Houston and Dallas. That was right
before the Q1 call. And fast forward 94
days later and those geo fences are
still quite small and have between 5 and
10 active vehicles at any given time.
And back in Q1, even before the Q1
earnings, I said if we don't see the
number of active vehicles in Houston or
Dallas in the coming weeks go up beyond
15, maybe to push 2030 into 40 plus,
then at that point Tesla launching in
that city was most likely just a move
before earnings to have a talking point
for the call and in the slide deck. And
sadly looking back, that seems like
exactly what Tesla was doing. And so far
today, as you can see with the
engagement with this post, the community
is not stupid. Yes, there are some large
voices in the community that refuse to
call out or talk about any of this, and
that's their prerogative. But I am not
going to be one of those people. And
listen, truly, I'm not even trying to
make the argument I think Tesla's trying
to manipulate the stock price because
the truth is, I don't think they care in
the short term, and they know they don't
really have the power to do that. At
this point, it's robo taxis in service
or Optimus in production doing useful
work and that's really about it. But
what I am trying to do is set the proper
expectations because nobody else seems
to be doing it. Dallas and Houston 94
days later and as we know it's still
mostly a pilot beta phase. So yeah, it's
great that Tesla's robo taxi is now in
Tampa and Orlando, but the allimportant
question is it going to remain in this
beta pilot phase for another three
months with somewhere in the
neighborhood of 2 to 10 vehicles active
at any given time. I'm just saying it's
already happened twice before, so don't
be surprised if something like that
happens again. But yes, on a positive
note, we do have customer videos coming
in that it is indeed unsupervised in
both Tampa and Orlando. And sure, the
truth is I could spend the next 3
minutes talking about why Tesla
operating in Tampa and Orlando is such a
great thing. However, it's all a moot
point if you only have a handful of
vehicles in the service and a geoence at
roughly 20 square miles. An update.
bearded Tesla was trying to get a robo
taxi ride in Orlando today, but he said
not a good start. Can't even request a
ride. And it's anecdotes like this.
While I continue to call the service in
certain cities a pilot and a beta. So,
please do not misunderstand me. I am not
trying to belittle Tesla's achievements
or accomplishments. I am only trying to
be a voice that sets realistic
expectations for the service and the
stock and the company. There will
undoubtedly be people saying, "Look,
Tesla's now in six cities. Scaling is
imminent. The floodgates are about to
open. Enter whatever cliche you want."
So, I'm just saying, let's understand
the context and the nuance here and keep
things based in reality. And yes, as far
as we can tell, it is still all Model
Y's cyber cab is not yet active. And
yes, the robo taxi tracker is now
updated with the six live cities. But I
have NA for the number of active
vehicles for each city because the truth
is we just don't know. We know statewide
across Texas Tesla has 175 vehicles
registered, but that tells us nothing
about how many are active. And as I
said, sadly in Florida, they do not have
similar rules like Texas has. So we
might not get this database that tells
how many vehicles Tesla has registered
for Florida. So, unless Tesla tells us,
we might be in the dark for some time.
On a positive note, we're now down to
two cities that Tesla at one point had
in the slide deck. Those being Phoenix
and Las Vegas. And this takes Tesla to
six active robo taxi cities. No, I do
not count the Bay Area compared to Whimo
active in 11 cities. And FYI, I did
update the accident data on the robo
taxi tracker. So now it has a breakout
of how many of these 22 incidents since
launch last year were actually because
of the tea operator. That number is
three out of 22. And the most recent tea
operator incident was May this year. And
important context of Tesla's 22
incidents, nine of those were caused by
other parties, meaning Tesla was not at
fault. And I've also added a new tracker
so you can see the number of incidents
broken down by month. And you can click
on each month to get a breakdown of the
incidents for that month. And it'll tell
you if Tesla was at fault or if another
party was at fault. And that's why
people said through February and March
and April, Tesla had three clean months
in a row where no incidents were the
fault of Tesla. And we did get the data
for June. There was only one new
incident. And yet again, it was not the
fault of Tesla. So a clean month, if you
will, from that perspective. But now you
can clearly see that May was not a clean
month as Tesla had two incidents where
it was at fault. So I'll continue to
update the tracker and try to make it
more valuable. And as always, you can
find it at d lumis.com. And just for
proof, here's video evidence of an
unsupervised Model Y robo taxi ride in
Tampa, Florida today. And the Tesla AI
account did say that our Bay Area ride
share service now goes to the San
Francisco airport. And as Zach, an ex
employee said, incredible. All Tesla
needs is a few more cars. They even
picked me up right outside baggage
claim. No more hike to the Uber lot. And
this is only one anecdote, but Anthony
said it was $60 for Tesla's ride share
to go from where he lives to SFO. And
for the exact same trip, Uber was $50.
Now, of course, you have to factor in a
tip with the ladder. So, I'm not going
to read too far into this, but I did
find this data point interesting. So, of
course, airport pickup and drop off will
be one of the key drivers for robo taxi
use and adoption, but we have to
remember right now Tesla in California
is basically a taxi limousine service,
not a robo taxi. So, in California's
eyes and in San Francisco airport's
eyes, Tesla is not a robo taxi service
today. But it's important to highlight
no matter what California does at the
top, SFO, the San Francisco airport, is
still a separate entity and can set its
own rules. So right now, the permit that
Tesla has to operate at SFO with a
safety monitor is a human driver permit.
So when Tesla wants to operate a real
robo taxi service at SFO, it has to jump
more hurdles. The good news is part of
the testing that SFO made Whimo do was
operating at the airport with a safety
driver. So hopefully SFO will treat what
Tesla's doing now as part of that
validation. But the main takeaway here,
whenever Tesla decides to remove the
safety monitor, it's going to need new
approvals to continue operating at SFO
without a safety driver. Now look, based
on my research, I will say it seems like
SFO would have the option to either
amend Tesla's existing permit to operate
at the airport or the airport could go
the route of issuing an entirely new
permit when they remove the safety
monitor. And just remember, no matter
what happens at the state level with the
CPU, the SFO airport can do things
independently. And I'm sure many of you
have seen it by now, but some genuinely
awesome news. Tesla has said officially
Starlink V5 is directly integrated into
Cyber Cab and they show the diagram with
the antenna squarely in the middle of
the trunk. The official Starlink account
said highspeed internet from space for
the future of autonomous vehicles. Lead
cybercap engineer said LFG big shout out
to Starlink team on this project. Yun
Tai said SpaceX handshake Tesla. So, I'm
sharing these because it's multiple
confirmations this is real. And you may
have seen some cyber cabs in showrooms
where the inside of the trunk has this
slot that would seemingly hold the
antenna for Starlink. And on this
Starlink integration, Ashoke said it's
still not required for safe operation of
the vehicle. Connectivity is primarily
meant for navigation, customer service,
and in general, fleet management. So to
anyone out there currently trying to
argue that any Tesla vehicle that wants
to achieve unsupervised is going to need
Starlink, that is not the case. From a
customer point of view, this is really
only focused on navigation and customer
service. And yes, of course, when you
enter LTE dead zones, if you're
streaming or listening, this will be a
benefit as well. So, I didn't think it
was possible, but I now desire Cyber
Cabs Plural even more. And of course,
the natural question becomes, well, will
this be an option for the rest of the
Tesla lineup in the future? Of course,
from a business standpoint, it makes a
ton of sense given the synergies between
Tesla and SpaceX and the additional
sales it would result in for Starlink
from Tesla. However, as you can see with
these diagrams, this is not just
slapping an antenna onto the inside of
the trunk. And because there is no glass
roof on the cyber cab, it's much easier
to hide this and make it aesthetically
pleasing. But with a pano glass on the
Model 3 and the Model Y, there might not
be as elegant of a solution. And I think
an overlooked feature of this
integration is that CyberCab will now
have effectively an always on uplink to
share any data and fleet training over
time. So, wherever the cyber cab is,
even in rural areas with plenty of
connectivity dead zones, the vehicle
will still have the ability to get that
data flywheel going even faster. And do
not sleep on the importance of this for
remote operations. You saw those three
situations where a remote operator
controlled the Tesla vehicle into an
object. And this extra connectivity
should help customer service. It could
also help with the clarity of the calls
when the customer is trying to hear the
customer support agent. And further, I
think this will only help from a
regulatory standpoint because the cyber
cab will have that extra layer of
connectivity even in dead zones to
communicate live video footage or
telemetry data perhaps in the event of
an emergency. And the last potentially
nonobvious benefit of this is I do think
there will be some benefits when it
comes to the pickup and drop off
experience. In my opinion, that would
certainly fall under the navigation and
fleet coordination umbrella that Ashoke
was hinting at. So matching the vehicles
with riders in the proper areas at the
proper times, handling construction and
rerouting and charging and all of that
fleet management. So in situations where
a cell service is limited or congested,
this could certainly serve as a release
valve in the short term and a potential
replacement long-term. So I do think
there are more ancillary benefits, but
as Elon said, watch 4K streaming video
while CyberCap takes you anywhere you
want. So very simply, I think even the
ability to cut out dead zones altogether
with traditional LCE would be a
meaningful win for Cyber Cab as it
ultimately tries to reach scale where it
will eventually operate in more rural,
less connected areas. Hardware 3 owners
can rejoice as there's a new version of
FSDV14 light that no longer requires the
brake confirmation to start. And this
update also has the self-driving app for
hardware 3 vehicles. Let me be clear,
not everybody has this yet. It is still
in the process of rolling out, but take
heart, there is hope. Tesla shared the
features of the 2026 summer software
release update. And one I've been asking
for, Grock will have more capability. It
can make phone calls, search and play
music, adjust the climate, open the
glove box, and answer questions about
your Tesla.
The self-driving stats will now be in
the mobile app as well. Automatic
navigation will adapt to your routine,
so your vehicle can suggest and route to
places that you visit regularly.
Frankly, I feel like without this
update, my vehicle does this. It will
suggest destinations based on the time
of day and where I usually go, and it
does quite well. The big one for me,
though, is the new preferred routes. For
a more personalized experience,
navigation now prioritizes routes that
you've taken before. So, plenty of
questions about the execution of this.
Will it be routes that I drive or just
routes that FSD suggests and that we
ultimately choose? But I am encouraged
because in my daily driving, I always
have to disengage for the current
navigation. So, if I could avoid certain
intersections or certain turns, this
would be awesome. You can set the
arrival energy from the mobile app. And
there are some more minor updates as
well, but this is rolling out to some
users now. I would expect a wider
release in the weeks to come. And don't
forget, Elon did say the car will start
to remember your specific interventions
and match each person's individual
preferences. So again, great in theory.
We'll see how it turns out in practice.
But just know right now there is a
steady drum beat about the preferences
and personalization of FSD to you. And
replying to the news about the new
preferred routes option, Bob said, "I
wish I could set my destination in the
work parking lot. I have a designated
spot and every morning I disengage so I
can park in my specific spot." To which
Elon said, "It's coming soon." So that's
on the way. Apparently, the ability to
audibly speak to FSD to tell it what to
do, maybe where to park, that's supposed
to be coming. So certainly some exciting
and very useful FSD features in the
pipeline. Tesla Asia said Grock in the
Tesla cars is coming to more Asian
markets. And Tesla said Grock is now
available in all of Europe. And so
please with this episode do not let me
take away from your enjoyment of Tesla
earnings at all. I'm just encouraging
all of us to think for ourselves,
understand all of this context, and not
just take whatever is being said at face
value because I think doing that going
forward is now a fool's errand. And as I
said on X, the main reason I even shared
any of that to begin with was with the
hope that Elon would see it and start to
consider how his actions are impacting
thousands of Tesla investors. I'm just
of the camp there's a better way to lead
the company. And it's quite simple. Take
all of those aggressive timelines, bring
them inhouse direct to the AI team, put
whatever type of pressure you want to on
them internally and then to the public
and retail. Just underpromise and
overperform. We know what you're doing
is incredibly hard. We know you're still
scaling faster than Whimo did in the
early days. We know you're focused on
safety, so just be honest. Don't get
carried away and ultimately let the
results speak for themselves. So, I'm
just feeling very called right now to be
the person that speaks up for the
rational Tesla investor that is
currently quite annoyed with prominent
Tesla accounts that seemingly refuse to
say what I think needs to be said. Tesla
and really largely Elon can absolutely
do much better with the setting of
expectations. And look, if that means
Elon never interacts with my ex account
again, I'm okay with that because as I
always say, for me, the truth is more
important than anything else. Don't
forget, check out delete me linked below
for anybody that wants to support the
channel and more importantly protect
your family. Hope you all have a great
night and a wonderful day tomorrow. And
a huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.