Channel:     futureaza
Title:       VW Invents New Drain to Circle - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRrqmb9b2kQ
Published:   2026-09-11 14:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-12 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone to Tesla Beat 160. Uh
we have our usual suspects here this
week. I know we've had some travel the
past couple weeks, so thank you guys for
accommodating, but you know, we try to
be here every uh Friday morning at 8,
but how is everyone doing? I have so
much less lag. Thank you for noticing,
John, Joe, and Matthew. Good morning,
everybody. Doing great. gave a
presentation last night to the Oregon
Electric Vehicle Owners Association at
uh Tiger Tesla where David from Tesla
was gracious enough to explain all the
cool new stuff about the Y and I was
able to explain why you don't need a 100
kilowatt hour battery and it went great.
People loved it.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, how are you doing, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, good to be back live. Happy to
join everybody here in Seattle. We we
just kind of got the end of summer
arriving this week, so it's kind of sad
to start entering the fall.
&gt;&gt; Here we go. Yeah, it was actually,
strangely enough, um I believe Joe
probably was the same for you, but the
past two days have been super hot. So,
uh we've been uh just having like our
maybe one of our last few I don't know
boiling points here in the Bay and Sanin
Valley. Um but Joe, how you doing, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, know it was 108 yesterday. It was
crazy.
&gt;&gt; Oh my jeez. That's like Vegas weather,
&gt;&gt; dude. It was It was bizarre. But no,
everything's been good. It's been It's
been one hell of a week. A lot's been
happening. I am really excited for
semievent.
Please, please.
Um, quick shout out to Insta3. Um, they
provide amazing cameras, uh, like the
Link 2C. Um, as you can see, some of us
who are making faces have have the
camera. Uh, Matthew, we need to get you
one, man. Um, so, but either way, it's a
great travel companion and um has
replaced my thousand camera that I would
have here for my podcast. But the crazy
thing is you can take it on the road
with you. It literally like just clips
onto the back and is a great webcam uh
for, you know, just streaming and um and
video calls.
&gt;&gt; My plan was to say that. so many weeks
before he actually
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna do it. This is gonna be the
week. I'm gonna ping him for his
address. We'll get him. Let's see.
&gt;&gt; My My plan was to just use it for the
podcast so that we could show that it
actually works. And I haven't plugged in
my big camera since because it just
works.
&gt;&gt; Are you using this for your live
streaming, too?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for everything.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Everything. It's not just a road camera.
I mean, you know, cell phones can do
amazing pictures. They just took all
that cell phone technology and put it in
something that doesn't block my entire
field of view. It's wonderful.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, with that said, um I'm
going to have to get your address,
Matthew. We'll get you one this week.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; With that said, let's jump into the
news. the stock um at 365 for Tesla
versus you know I think the la the last
uh week is about a 3% change and SpaceX
is flat at -2% at 148 uh this week. Uh
but with that said uh let's just jump
into
this week. All right. So, we have the uh
NHTSA probes 1,000 cyber cabs um you
know after you know safety regulations.
But I'm going to pass this to anyone who
kind of can go a little deep on this.
&gt;&gt; I'll start on it because uh this isn't
it's a well it's an investigation. It
says so right in the name, right? Just
like a recall is a recall guys. Nitsa
has archaic language that they haven't
bothered to update. It's actually an
audit query. you are permitted to
self-certify your vehicle level four,
which Tesla did. And then they say,
great, got it. Uh, tentatively approved.
Go ahead and submit your audit query
data so we can validate. That's it. It's
just a box that needs to be checked.
They will review it and they will say,
"Yep." But the difference between Zuks
and Tesla because Zuks tried to
self-certify and when it got there, they
said, "Guys, this isn't just wheelless,
uh, pedalless. This is omnidirectional.
This is so many new things. And you have
not checked the boxes. We cannot let you
self-certify, but we can give you a
waiver if 2500's enough. And they said,
"Done. 2500's enough. We'll take the
waiver. We'll self-certify later."
Tesla's been in daily contact. If you
talk to people who went to the CyberCap
event, who talked to the engineers, I
know Herbert was one of the people who
spoke with the engineers said, "This
Nitsa probe, is this a big deal?" No,
it's just another box to check because
we have been in daily contact with them
for months and weekly contact for years.
There are no surprises in that document.
It's just a procedure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I think obviously the
headlines, no one cares. They know that
Tesla and like fraud and probe and and
uh inspection is going to get, you know,
clicks. But yeah, that's definitely one
thing I heard as well. um especially as
they get for ready for you know federal
like just like handling this across the
United States. Uh I've heard that they
are in regular conversations and and
they've all been very positive. So you
know they're doing their best to stay on
top of it and make sure that you know
everything uh gets situated. But yeah, I
mean it's it's I I think that was like
the first thing it's like you know a
couple people hit me up. Hey, did you
hear about this? Weren't you just there?
are they going to get pulled off the
road? And it's like, guys, just calm
down. You know what I mean?
&gt;&gt; My my my wife calls it uh
catastrophizing.
When people
make everything a catastrophe, it's the
worst it's ever been. It's going to be
horrible. And and this is one of those
things that that uh I had to research
like Brian and and I found out the same
thing. I was like, "What? This isn't
This isn't a probe into And then like
the whole thing with the fire
department. Uh we have to we we can't we
can't drive it. It needs steering
wheels. Like Zuks doesn't There was like
nobody talking about Nobody talking
about that during the Zuks thing. People
just love to make things a thing when
it's not.
&gt;&gt; But they but they had to do something
new. Yeah. Okay. But I mean that's what
they do when there's new things. They do
new things. And uh yeah, you're if
you're not panicking about that uh then
I guess you're not doing it right cuz we
have to panic because everything's scary
all the time. It isn't though. Uh
sometimes no news is just no news
pretty much. But yeah, with with Tesla,
it's one of those things. There's such a
microscope under they're under such a
microscope that any move that they make,
anything will just be a headline to to
get clicks. um as we saw as like the
whole Elon share this past week that was
happening too.
All right, so um I didn't show Elon's
reply here, but um you know Elon replied
to Sawyer uh pretty much just talking
about the efficiency of the Cyber Cab
and it was like you know almost nobody
grabs how hard the Cyber Cap is
optimized for lowest fully loaded cost
per mile. uh narrowest Tesla, huge leg
roomscreen,
uh greater than six mile kilowatt hours,
class efficiency. I mean, it's the most
efficient vehicle in the world, and if
the cost per mile is the whole game
versus Uber/Wayo,
you know, um it's just going to be a
game changer. But here you have the
everything laid out. But it really like
people do not this is such an overlooked
thing. And I think like the crazy thing
is we don't have like a Sandy Monroe
tearing down
&gt;&gt; or Monroe life tearing these things down
anymore.
&gt;&gt; So if you have someone who was able to
do that to tear it down and um and who
knows obviously when they would get even
get one to break down
&gt;&gt; um but you're just not able to see some
of the the writings on the wall. So,
it's just one of those things where
um you know with what is it uh 48 kW
battery they're able to get like 293
miles um and they've literally created
the most efficient vehicle and I
remember talking with Eric the lead
vehicle engineer last or yeah I guess it
was last week and he said yeah you know
we used Elon's algorithm like literally
like just take um delete you know try to
make this 50% more efficient you know
from the three and the Y Right. And um
you know they just tackled everything
with first principles and so and they
were able to do it um you know so but I
think it's just a huge feat and you can
see it all like kind of like laid out
here and just the comparisons against
the Tesla vehicles
um and just the crazy crazy efficiency.
Um, and what's
&gt;&gt; Lars had a Lars had a comment too that
it would be that they could actually get
it to 66 is just, you know, I mean,
there's just going to be just like even
now with all the improvements they're
doing to the Cybertruck as we know, you
know, Tesla's never really pencils down
and so this is going to continue to get
better. I mean, we haven't even added in
the uh the wireless charging yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, it's I I wonder what even the
closest one like as far as efficiency
is. I'd have that's like a Gro question
I'd have to ask.
&gt;&gt; It might have been like an
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, no. No. In terms of watt
hours per mile, Lucid is very long
range, but the battery is huge. It might
be like an old Nero or something that
had a small battery
&gt;&gt; and not very much range. Uh, but no
one's been in this range. I mean, the
Model 3 rear wheel drive long range has
been the range king, the efficiency
king. I know a lot of people who are at,
you know, uh, five miles to the kilowatt
hour and uh, you can do that around town
driving gently, leaving it on FSD and
standard in a flat place where you don't
need a lot of climate control. you're
going to get that, but getting that much
more, getting a whole extra mile plus is
mental. And uh I saw a real hater in the
comments saying, "Why does any of this
matter?" I said, "Why does more
affordable transportation that consumes
less energy that's going to allow more
people, more mobility, and more freedom
matter? I don't know where to start with
you." Well, I don't like him. Ah, so you
hate him. You hate one person so much
that you'll condemn millions. That's my
friend. You gotta zoom out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think long long term this
vehicle is going to receive more updates
and more frequent updates than any other
car Tesla produces. You know, there's
going to be so many learnings as these
things are deployed. I mean, we've seen
even since the release candidates came
out and then they added Starlink and um
you know, as you said there, we know
wireless charging is coming. I I bet a
year from now there's probably going to
be 50% of the parts that we see today
are going to have been replaced.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's um it's definitely I
I completely agree with you. the amount
of miles that the these vehicles will
be, especially if they're going what is
it from 6:00 a.m. to 10, even with a
small and mighty fleet right now, it's
going to be just tons of information, a
lot of kickback. But like I said, at
least when I drove it or I rode in it,
super smooth. Super smooth. Like there
was no I even with the Austin some of
the crappy roads in Austin um you know
that can get really hilly and u just
kind of uneven you know it really did
like the comfort is there um
&gt;&gt; it has dampening springs
&gt;&gt; I don't know what the the springs are to
be honest. Oh, they they didn't say.
&gt;&gt; Well, I didn't I didn't ask and also I
probably didn't pay attention. So, but I
will say that, you know, the ride I mean
they they are they are making these so
that they're comfortable but also easy
to use, right? And super easy to clean.
So, they're not going to put kind of
like a geometro on the road and have it
do millions of of rides, right? They
need they they want people to be
comfortable. And and also too, the sound
system alone in the thing, right? They
want the inter interior of this to be a
whole vibe. Um that that's the most
important thing.
&gt;&gt; And the lighting too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um
&gt;&gt; it looks it looks beautiful. It's so
small with so much leg room, so much
headroom, beautiful lights, amazing
sound, I'm told. Uh yeah, it's
the the alternative is there are going
to be countries that don't have a
preference of US or China or what just
get us cars where Tesla's robo taxis,
their cyber cabs specifically are
operating, but so are Chinese
competitors. Now the Chinese competitors
aren't there today, but they could be in
a year or two when these things are
rolling out worldwide. And you're going
to have a choice. They're they're going
to be comparable in price. you're going
to be able to get in a who knows a BYD
or a or a Zeke or a Lee Auto Robo taxi.
And the difference is going to be in
order for them to get down to the
production cost of a Cyber Cab, you're
going to be getting in a car that's not
very good. You're going to be getting in
a BYD Seagull. Uh and you will notice
the difference because the difference is
the entire ride.
Al also think about let's say a Whimo
engineer comes up with an idea to make
the hardware of the oh hype better. How
long do you think it takes that idea to
actually be delivered in a production
vehicle? I mean at at minimum probably
one year maybe two whereas with Tesla it
could be changed on the you know on the
uh factory floor in probably a couple of
weeks to a couple of months. And how
easy is it to get those two engineering
teams on the same page?
&gt;&gt; It with the time difference, oh my gosh,
it's it's anyone who's dealt with
overseas suppliers and uh running
changes knows it's a nightmare. You send
an email and tomorrow they might get it
and then they've got a holiday you don't
or you do and then it's uh there's a
reason you want your supply chains so
short and your engineering under one
roof and a lot of companies either
haven't figured it out or understand but
have no way to make it happen. Yeah,
that's that's why it's one of those
things where um I again I'm Tesla does
this but I it's just the the imagery
that comes to mind is when I was at when
I was at the Boring Company and you saw
you know the people that are working the
engineers that are working on the
computers like they're they're literally
a door away from the people who are
going to be making all these products or
the the things that are need needed. So,
it's not like, "Hey, I have this
concept. I, you know, work in the
Silicon Valley. I'm gonna send it to our
team, you know, across the shore." Um,
no, it's like, "Let me get out of my
desk. Maybe I have to fly to you." But
either way, it's like hand inhand, you
know, they have they have those all
those things going on. I mean, I can't
um I think they kind of joked at the
Cybercap event that it's like, you know,
here they launched this whole thing,
right? Ashock and Eric like launch, you
know, help launch and obviously they're
amazing team, but it's like they can't
even enjoy it because they got to go fly
back to the Bay Area. Um, but it's just
one of those things where I I I can't
imagine how many trips especially Eric
had to make to Austin um and his whole
team to really make sure and ensure that
this um the production line is is is
working.
All right, so this was a fun one. Uh,
shout out to Sawyer for getting them. I
would assume it's probably because of
him that they deleted it, but ABC named
a Tesla in a crash headline, got
community noted. That's awesome. Um,
because the driver was in manual like
like he wasn't obviously. Um, but then
uh they the ABC deleted it. So, just
Legacy Media still running a selective
brand playbook as always. Um, but great
to see the community come together to
kind of shut this one down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, know it was a weird headline when
the person driving didn't die. The way
the headline was worded, it made it seem
like like they were on FSD and they
crashed into the scaffolding and died.
But the person ran after striking a
person. He got out of the vehicle. He
was arrested later. But but you know, I
mean, it was just like it's like what?
And he was driving manually. It was
like, yeah,
&gt;&gt; I was looking for a specific headline
about a Tesla fire. It's about a year
ago. I just looked to see if I could
find one now, and I don't. But there
were headlines that said Tesla
competitor catches on fire. I'm like,
how dare you? That was not even part of
this story. Put in the fire headline.
Dirty is what it is. attorney.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and this, you know, this was a
very, you know, sad in incident. The
current reports say there was a
passenger in the Tesla uh that died and
then the driver was injured and and
tried to escape and was arrested and um
um is suspected to have been under the
influence. So, it's really sad story.
When you look at the ABC headline as
well as many other publications, the
story is a Tesla crashed. It's not a man
operating under the influence of alcohol
crashed his vehicle. And it's just the
way the way media is going to report
because they know if they put Tesla in
the headline, people will read the
article and um you know media is coin
operated. They they only get compensated
for clicks. There's no such thing as
subscription revenue anymore. There's
very little like broadcast advertising
revenue compared to what there was 10 or
20 years ago. So you don't have to be
right. You don't have to uphold any kind
of journalistic standards. you just kind
of have to be first and and drive
clicks. Um, you know, I brought this up
on the pod before, but you know, if
Tesla was paying ABC 10, 20, $30 million
a year in advertising, would they be a
little bit more careful about Tesla
headlines? You know, probably. Um, and
&gt;&gt; I would argue I would argue they would
not. Two years ago, I did a 112day study
where I looked at Google News and I
looked at a variety of top topics. GM,
Ford, Tesla, Lucid, Rivian, SpaceX,
Boring Company, etc. BYD as well. And
what I found was no correlation between
ad spend and favorability of coverage
with GM and Ford both spending about a
billion dollars a year and GM getting
the second worst headlines in the mix
ahead of only Tesla. SpaceX at the mean
in the meantime had no ad spend back
then because they weren't pushing
Starlink yet. and they had the second
best headlines behind only BYD because
BYD has come through a very heavy filter
coming out of China and all of the uh
blog spammers uh have nothing to go on
except what comes out in the mainstream
news out of China. So those are all
favorable. Um so it's possible that the
headlines would be a little softer, but
they really do silo the marketing side
from the from the editorial side. And
having done a lot of freelance writing,
I have never been told what to write,
how to write it. They just want clicks.
And they know that putting Tesla in the
headline, the bloodier the better, it's
going to get clicks.
&gt;&gt; See, Brian, had you had spent 113 days,
you would have found.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That's right.
I do know um you know obviously I think
you you kind of dropped some some good
knowledge and just like findings. I do
know like when I did Elon when I did the
interview with Elon that was definitely
one thing he called out was hey I'm
spending 10 $20 million and imagine you
know GM spending that with you know um
let's say the New York Times or whoever
and they're putting out a hit piece on
them. Like what do you think is going to
happen? GM's going to call New York
Times and be like, "Hey, we're paying
you all this money." Um, and you know
that, but that you know, for the longest
time, Tesla didn't do that. But like I
said, it's good to good to have that
research, but I know it's it's
definitely been called out.
All right, so with that, I'm going to go
ahead and uh Brian, this is this this
looks familiar.
&gt;&gt; No, John, you take this one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that looks like me. So, I'm
going to let me let me take the will on
this one. I mean, it doesn't look like
any of us, but that's uh AI for you.
Hey, uh so 1439 is doing some new
things, but are they really new? You
already have emergency automatic
braking, where if the car sees that
something bad's about to happen, it'll
just slam on the brakes. But the car is
watching. The car knows what's going on.
If you have FSD, it is watching
everything at every moment, which is why
without notice, you can just tap start
driving, and it it doesn't have to say,
"Oh, give me a minute to wake up." and
see what's going on. This is part of the
safety system. So, every object, its
position, its uh velocity, and its uh
trajectory are being tracked. So, it's
not just going to hit the brakes if a
car stops in front of you. It's watching
that pedestrian on a cycle to see if
they're about to dart out in into
traffic. It can track that. It'll jam on
the brakes for that, too. So, what Tesla
said is, "Well, why limit it to the
brakes? We have all the controls.
Sometimes hitting the brakes will not
avoid an accident. Heck, it might even
worsen an accident because there's a car
behind us. If the road is clear all
around, why not swerve? And so, if you
have FSD and you're not using it, it
it's on the car, but you're not running
it and you are not paying the most
attention, the car can swerve out of the
way of an imminent collision. We know
it's very good at predicting imminent
collisions. It's what they use instead
of sensors in the bumper to deploy the
airbags faster. This is just one more
step towards a safer road. We've seen
situations where it'll swerve instead of
when it's on FSD, it'll swerve instead
of break because there's someone too
close behind you or it'll break instead
of swerve uh because there's oncoming
traffic. This is just the next step
forward. And the second part of it,
which is even wilder, is I can see that
Brian is not paying enough attention.
This could be dangerous. Maybe I'm uh
distracted by something in the back
seat. Maybe I'm eating. I'm not holding
my lane. Well, FSD activates. It can
just activate because look, I'm going to
just go out on a limb here and tell you
you're not paying enough attention. If
you want to disengage, go for it. But in
the meantime, you're on FSD. These are
all things that a car that's paying
attention can do. And to the engineers
at Tesla, they've made the decision that
it would be immoral not to do it. Uh so
these are things that will reduce
collisions, reduce injuries, reduce
property damage. Uh how do you not like
that?
&gt;&gt; I have a question for you, Brian. I I
know uh Matthew probably will uh chime
in too cuz
what we're looking at I mean we use it
every day for those of us who use it and
I mean this we got to be close to like
level four level five right I mean this
is you see the cyber cap is one thing
but for our own personal this has got to
be like that next step.
Yes. And what I would say is that the
reason you and I are not unsupervised is
a question of liability, not technical
capacity. I have absolute confidence my
car has the technical capacity.
Yesterday I used it to drive down to
Tiger to do that presentation. And it
made a mistake. It got in the wrong lane
on the off-ramp. It probably thought
there's so many cars backed up. I'll be
able to find a place to squeeze in. And
it got to the light. It put on the wrong
blinker. and it found a way to actually
do it the way a human would have. And I
was like, well, I'm just going to wait
and I'm just going to see where this
takes us and it did so good. It's not a
technical limitation. It's a liability
limitation and it could be a supervision
uh limitation. If Tesla said look
internally we need 10 to one, 100 to
one, whatever the number is, they can
control how many uh of the numerator and
denominator they have in the field
because it's their cars. But if you and
I do it, all of a sudden they could be
over quota and under safety. So they
would need to have a flexible pool of
PE. It's look, it's too many moving
pieces too early. So I have absolute
confidence and I think others on the
panel do as well that the car can do it
today. David Moss is at almost 30,000
miles. He needs to get his uh front
camera uh shroud cleaned again. But uh
if he can go 29,000 mi consecutive
safely, uh the technology is probably
just about ready and CyberCap's running
as we understand a slightly better
version of the software than what we
have. So yeah, I would say our cars are
I mean they're right there, but we've
also said that before. So take that with
uh a grain if not a heapen helping of
salt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean we're this is this is
the classic software march of nines. You
know, FSD is probably perfect. You know,
three nines or four 9ines, you know,
99.99
and maybe needs to get to six or seven
or eight nines, but it doesn't need to
get to 30 nines, you know, to be to be
just absolutely a no-brainer to use,
totally unsupervised compared to a
random human. Um, you know, we see
humans making absolutely crazy mistakes.
I I posted a tweet yesterday. there was
somebody um driving across the floating
bridge here in Seattle. So, this is, you
know, a several mile long bridge that
floats along um a a lake that's 300 plus
feet deep. And there was a driver who
drove on the pedestrian path, like the
sidewalk of the I90 bridge. And he's the
cars on the freeway, it's a 60 mph
freeway. The cars on the freeway are
going regular flow of traffic, which is
probably, you know, 65 miles an hour.
And this guy is passing cars in the
pedestrian path. And this isn't like a
painted path. This says like a concrete
barrier between the freeway. Um, and you
know, we'll you continuously see stuff
like that. And eventually, you know,
like when my kids are my age, there's
going to be cities where you're not
allowed to operate a vehicle yourself.
You have to you have to use an
autonomous vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's
&gt;&gt; Robot talked about this.
&gt;&gt; What did it say
&gt;&gt; years ago? No, I I Robot. In the movie
Iroot, you you weren't allowed to drive.
It was like dangerous for humans to
drive and so all the vehicles were
autonomous.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, China's already proposing those
zones and I don't remember the movie,
but I know my Roomba said the same thing
and it's also an iRoot. So,
&gt;&gt; same thing.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So my thought is um
uh you know cuz I asked um I did ask
Ashock if like I was like hey just you
know how did you guys initially train
Cyber Cab you know was it like a
different you know um software like
initially he's like no it was all based
on these same builds and then obviously
it pro progressed my personal thought is
that I don't think Tesla would ever even
if it got there I don't think I think
people are just going to know based on
the results I because I do think that
when you start saying it's level four,
it's, you know, um that will come with
certain connotations of like, hey, I
really can sleep. I really can not pay
attention at all. But because of the way
these regulations are, I would assume
that they're going to get there.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, because obviously they can
do it right now and unsupervised with
the cyber capab. But I wouldn't be
surprised if they get to that level and
they just don't really advertise it.
They just advertise how good it is. Um,
and then next thing you know, we're
sitting here in California where it kind
of is level four, um, or whatever. You
know, it it's it really is doing the
point to point to point, but at some
point, you know, those edge cases are
really going to not be a thing. And so,
um, I wouldn't be surprised because like
I said, I think that the biggest issue
here is going to be, you know, cities
and, you know, state and federal
governances that are set up. Like if you
look at Washington DC, I heard this from
um some Tesla folks that for them just
to have a fleet in Washington DC, just
to have the fleet license for AVs, it's
5 million a year. And so that that in
itself is just like when are when would
it ever make sense to go you know
someone brought up a good point of like
&gt;&gt; Washington DC is an important market
because if you can get congress men and
women in the thing like that's itself
like if them seeing it but with that
said there is a lot of barriers to get
this into cities into states like if you
look at again this is based on my
understanding in Texas you know they can
do a lot more things at the state level
to and and throw it down versus here in
California everything can kind of be at
the city level and that but again
there's just a lot of nuances with how
you know state and city governances are
run by state and so with that I can see
a lot of um situations where the
software just gets that good because we
all know it's the same it's the same
hardware it's just a different software
um and you know and then it becomes more
of like are they going to be
broadcasting that without the right
regulations. And I doubt they'll they'll
want to do that cuz they're going to get
a big slap on the hand. Um, and that's
the I think the last thing that they
want to do is slow down their progress
um by by just being able to sell a
couple more subscriptions and say, "Oh,
it's level four." Uh, when you know the
state and cities won't won't allow it.
Just my thought.
All right, Joe.
This one's to you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is pretty cool. So, this uh
Sawyer had posted this man, 98 years
old. His first car was a Ford Model A
and now he has a Tesla Model Y and he
uses self-driving and he loves it. He
There's a video of him. He's like the
video is really cool because he's like
charging. You see him driving. He
totally at 98 I want to be this
coherent. It's it's he's pretty awesome.
He's he's he's
just a guy who just likes his vehicle.
This if he wasn't 98 and didn't have a
Ford Model A, this would just be a
regular thing. But this is a guy who's
seen the the growth and the evolution of
vehicles and still is able to navigate a
self-driving vehicle and loves it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've seen a similar thing happen
with a a friend of mine in his 70s where
he had stopped driving at night. He just
did not feel comfortable driving at
night with his reduced vision and
reaction time. And he recently got um a
new Model Y with FSD and he's he he
feels like just so much more independent
now. He can go wherever he wants. If he
needs to go to the doctor, he doesn't
have to have somebody take him, you
know, if he's not going to be feeling
great before or after. So, it it's
literally life-changing technology for
for people who have, you know, some uh
diminished reaction time or eyesight.
And it's uh it's a joy to see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The freedom that opens up is
crazy. He navigates using Grock, too, by
the way. But go ahead,
&gt;&gt; Brian.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I've had a number of uh people
tell me this when I'm at events, when
I'm at uh you know, different
u gettogethers. Uh the there are people
in the groups who are aging who have
stopped driving at night and they're
like, "No, I can drive at night. It's
not that I can't see at night. It's that
it's very stressful. I can supervise at
night just fine. Uh but being in charge
of every little detail in the dark, ah
it's too much for me. I got my freedom
back. What a huge huge thing. What a
lifecher.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it really is uh going to be a
gamecher. It it's just going to kind of
as AI is a huge tool for us right now,
this becomes a huge tool for us to be
able to, you know, people that would
have a little bit more trouble doing
things at night or in certain
situations. It'll allow them to be able
to do those things again and get and get
around.
All right, so again, FSD is awesome. Not
a whole lot to say here. Um, but it is
continuing to get better and better.
All right, Joe, I know you like the
semi, so I'm going to throw this one
again to you.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Now, the Tesla Semi has a
Google affiliation. This was uh posted
by Essie Robinson. He had posted that
Google is partnering with this Los
Angeles based electric carrier, Navoya.
Brian, you heard of him?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So uh
&gt;&gt; not me.
&gt;&gt; So and the center for green market
activation they to deploy 25 class 8
battery electric trucks plus dedicated
charging that they're going to have on
the Houston and Dallas uh corridor. So,
you're talking not only do they have the
semi, but they're going to have charging
routes uh through this area, four semis,
and and they got 25 trucks, including
Tesla semis as part of this 63 truck
project that they got. So, it's pretty
cool. I mean, it's a lot of money we're
talking about. And and just uh to build
out the the path that's going to
eventually be across America. It's
pretty wild. Pretty cool.
Yeah. Yeah. Tesla semi. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm on mute. Um but no, I was
going to say that uh you know, we saw it
like I don't think when we went to
Ontario and that um that TA pilot
station for semiis and we saw hundreds
of them just sitting idling and it's
kind of like cop cars, right? you know,
you but I think it it's going to take a
minute to break in, but when people see
the cost, yes, it's more upfront. Even
for EVs and buying them for your your um
your police fleet, it's it's very
similar industries in that they're just
ripe for EV to be really electrified.
Um, there's just so much that it's going
to completely just change change the
game and it's just a matter of getting
the right decision makers in a room,
having them test it out, looking through
the numbers, and then things will start
to click. So, like I said, I think the
semi will be one of those things where
it's it's going to be primed to
completely sh change the game, but I
think it's going to take a minute. It's
not going to happen overnight. you're
going to have to start to see like some
of these companies who have bought these
huge fleets. Those need to be rolled out
and then people are going to be asking
them how is it going what you know
what's the real life interactions and
then the other big thing is they need to
build out the mega chargers uh and that
network. I think they only have like
three or four right now in the US but
once they start building those on you
know the the huge truck lines it's going
to be um I think it it's it this is
going to set up to do really really
well.
All right. So, with that said, ARC's
scale case is roughly 25 cents per mile
uh for a robo taxi about a tenth of the
human ride hall and a fraction of car
ownership cost. If Austin already shows
cyber cab undercutting Uber on trips,
how fast um does that break Uber's urban
margin story? So, um I think like I said
it's uh it's about to come and uh it's
it's it's here. It's you're you're
seeing it roll out and I think I mean
you are already seeing how Uber is um
I'm hearing that there you know a lot of
lawsuits and things like that but
they're trying to stop this Titanic that
is about to hit their company because
again why do people need them once they
have AVs? They don't need a, you know,
an operating system when they can go and
create it themselves, right?
&gt;&gt; Uber is so dishonest. They're saying,
"Look, AVs are dangerous. We need to put
pump the brakes. We need to keep all the
human drivers in." Hey, by the way, uh,
Lucid, we will buy a cajillion of your
AVs if you can build them. And Rivian,
if you could build us like 50,000 AVs,
we'll buy every last one of them.
They're saying it to everyone, but
they're not ready yet. So they're saying
pump the brakes. It's so dishonest. It's
ghoulish. It's uh so oppo they don't
care about safety. They care about one
thing and it's money and it's the fact
that it's your money going into their
pocket and nothing else matters and it's
obvious and I have nothing but disdain
for a company that operates like that.
&gt;&gt; Well, what I mean go ahead. Go ahead,
Matthew. Yeah, I was going to say, you
know, Uber Uber are experts in using the
law to their favor. You know, they when
they were initially raising money before
they went public, you know, they they
had a huge budget for for legal defense
against the cities. They they're very
strategic in in how they u work with CDs
and fight cities and and start lawsuits.
So, they're they're incredibly um smart
in this move. They're they're kind of
like the dealer lobby, right? They're a
middleman between you know, the
manufacturer and the consumer. Um, in
this case, the manufacturers, they're
they're drivers. They're contract
drivers, and they want to keep this um
kind of duopoly that they currently have
in in most cities and countries. So,
it's it's not surprising they're
fighting it. They would be silly not to
fight it. Um, the thing about, you know,
Cathy's posts about the pricing, we
don't yet know the consumer elasticity
when it comes to the price of a cyber
cab ride. Um, cyber cabs are 100% booked
where they're available. If if the rail
taxi pricing was greater than the price
of an Uber, they would still be 100%
booked. You know, we've seen that in
markets where Whimo is 10 or 20% more
expensive than Uber X. So, you know,
Tesla could easily charge more than Uber
right now. The only reason why they're
not doing it is because I think they
want to get these positive reports that,
oh, Cyber Cab or Robo Taxi is half the
price of Uber so that, you know, people
want it in their city. the revenue is um
literally a drop in the ocean right now
compared to the rest of their revenue.
So it has no effect on earnings. Um and
but we'll see once we get to uh you know
a 100,000 um robo taxis or a million
robo taxis how price how price is
placed. I would imagine long term you
know price only has to be 1% cheaper
they're two or 3% cheaper than Uber to
take virtually 100% market share.
doesn't need to be 50% cheaper. It needs
to be 50% cheaper to start replacing um
car ownership, right? To So, you know,
like tonight I'm going to a show in
Seattle. I'm probably going to pay $30
for parking. Uh an Uber from my house to
Seattle is probably $70 because that's
that's what Ubers cost, you know, in my
city now. Uh so I would never I wouldn't
take an Uber, you know. Um, but if if uh
Uber was $20, I probably would take the
Uber. Um, and so we we're we're going to
see that with cyber cabs uh in the long
term. I
&gt;&gt; I'm with Matthew 100% on this. We don't
have to get to 25 uh 25 cents to
dominate the market. I think we need to
uh start by being comparable to the
competition, but offer a better service
and then from there move to being
cheaper and uh and it will be better. Uh
I am confident of that. If you look up
how many uh uh I don't know how to say
this gently, but you know uh lady
assaults on uh riders on Uber. There are
like a hundred a day reported. That
needs to end. I'm sorry humans. You had
your opportunity to do this business,
but you are unable to control your
animal instincts and it's not good. So
there will be uh that will end
immediately. And uh what we'll see is
the cheaper it gets, the bigger it'll
get, the wider it will go. And uh to the
people saying, "Oh, it's going to be,
you know, a nickel or what?" Look, it
doesn't have to be. There's no reason it
would need to be that cheap. The
difference is Whimo is charging uber
black rates and losing money. That's not
a great formula. And if If your car can
cost a quarter as much, a fifth as much,
uh, and your cost per mile is
substantially lower, you're going to
win. You're going to take a big chunk of
that market.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can I uh, another kind of
anecdote. I have a friend who has signed
his son up for um, an Uber teen account.
So if you're I think 13 to 17 year olds
years old, you can have an Uber teen
account and um send your teen uh on
their own inside an Uber. So he does
this for pickup for his son. His
daughter is one year older. She's she's
16 and he he does not feel comfortable
putting her on this account. He does not
want her driving around with some um you
know older man where she you know could
be in could be put in a position of
danger and he just can't wait to have a
robo taxi pick her up. So you you'll
notice um you know some some ride share
markets offer like women drivers for
women passengers um with lift and those
are always always at max capacity. you
know, that that goes first because a a
woman is almost always going to um feel
safer and elect the woman driver first.
It's going to be the same thing with
robo taxi. If you're in any kind of
vulnerability, you're going to want to
you're you're not going to want to take
the the Uber. I mean, how many times
I've been in an Uber where I' I'm going
to the airport or I left an airport and
I've got a an important business call to
make and now I have to essentially share
a whole bunch of private information
with a driver or have them be talking or
making noise or playing music while I'm
trying to have a business call or
frankly I just feel it's rude for me to
sit in somebody's car for 40 minutes and
not have any kind of conversation with
them. So, um, the the preference the
preference for having no driver is going
to be the same as when you get on an
airplane. Would you prefer to sit beside
nobody or sit beside somebody? Yeah,
it's going to be the exact same
preference.
&gt;&gt; 100%. I just looked up the stats too for
um for you know how many sexual assaults
there are in an Uber and it's literally
um 183
per day about one every eight minutes.
And so when you think of that like um it
really you know it's just it's a
no-brainer. Um and you said you you
talked about all of the things um
Matthew just that um and Brian too just
the basic problems of stepping into a
vehicle with someone else. Um and not
not every Uber driver is like that. So,
I don't want to like um you know, throw
shade on it, but it's just one of those
things where this will work for a time
as it did for the past, you know,
however long Uber's been around, but the
reality is is that you know, there's
just things that are it's going to be
safer to have an autonomous vehicle
drive because of XYZ. I don't need to go
into all those right now, but you just
remove the human element, that's going
to take a huge uh part out of it, right?
And again, imagine it's kind of like car
deaths from like drunk driving. All of
that stuff kind of starts to go away
there. I can even see there be a world
where it's like part of the state pays,
you know, a company like Tesla to be
like, "Hey, you know what? We have this
hotline. If someone is completely drunk,
they can call it and we will pay for the
ride for them." Because you see all of
those initiatives like, "Hey, just call
this number if you're, you know, we
don't want you on the road. We'll pay
for the the taxi or whatever it is." Um,
but it, you know, again, when you think
of, uh, you know, your your female loved
ones, like it's exactly as, yeah, I
would not, I'd feel, would I feel safe
for my 15-year-old son, um, to go into
an Uber? Yeah. And then, but my
15-year-old daughter, no. No way. And
so, um, it's just one of those things
where there's not enough women drivers
to really offset the, you know, the the
female clientele that's going through
Uber. But just the eight minutes per day
is just a crazy stat. And again, I think
it's from like the website that's being
re it's like soolaw.com or something is
uh is the is the reference there. They
they pulled all of that stuff. But with
that said, you know, I think the future
is autonomous. Uh they need to be
offering something that is very enticing
initially and then they can start to
scale. So it'll be really interesting.
It's like because I don't know if
they're like cuz they I don't think they
care about volume right now, right? So,
I think as long as they're offering
something somewhat cheaper or
competitive, um people will just
naturally want to try it out. But, um
when they scale, once they flip that
switch to be like, "Oh, let's bring in
all this efficiency or all of the, you
know, we don't our margins aren't going
to be as high anymore, but we're going
to be able to do volume." Um they that
that is just a flip of the switch on
their pricing model.
All right. So, with that said,
um,
so, um, oh, and by the way, I do want to
say this. If you've been using Grockbot,
this deck was like I I I don't know how
much Joe you edited onto this, but like
90% of this was created. So, sorry for
some of these weird cutouts um, like in
screenshots. It'll we'll we'll continue
to train it, but just shout out to
Grockbot on that. But yeah, so CyberCAB
is in Hong Kong and Japan now. I think
Japan came out late last night. So
definitely check out if you're in those
in the AP pack regions. If you want to
see what the future of transportation
looks like, make sure you give that a
quick look. Um, and then Joe uh hit us
with uh Model Y performance.
&gt;&gt; Model Y performance is now available in
China and it's 369,000. No, I'm just
kidding. It's $55,000 US.
But uh but yeah, man. I mean, if you've
seen any of the Instagram videos of
people just doing donuts in a Model Y
performance, it's a pretty awesome
vehicle. Any of Tesla performance
vehicles like are pretty awesome. So,
this is this is going to be very cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they drive
realize it wasn't available yet. Uh this
unlocks some new market, I imagine.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Brian, you don't watch Tesla news every
single day. How could you have missed
that?
&gt;&gt; I don't know how I missed it because I
obsess over it. Dusk till dawn and then
beyond.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly why he changed his name.
&gt;&gt; Well, the crazy thing is is that, you
know, Tesla's is just expanding. I mean,
their markets like I've lost the amount
of countries that are, you know, FSDs
available and I know it's like, you
know, six or seven, five countries or
whatever. They just launched Slovenia
recently, but the company is gotten so
big that each like region is now having
their own like uh activations and
launching things at different times like
you know the Power Wall 3 I think was
launched you know in Europe at one point
and then in it just launched in I think
Japan. So it's just so much is happening
and so um it's crazy it's gone to that
point you know.
Um,
all right. So, Cybertruck is now more
American. Uh, first Cybertruck made with
46 to 80 cells containing lithium from
the Gulf Coast lithium refinery. So, um,
pretty crazy. Um, you know, just to see
them launch that. Um, but you know,
continue to innovate. And it what's
crazy is just to see
them Elon all these years, hey, if
someone could just start a lithium
refinery and then it's like, all right,
I guess I'm going to have to pull up my
sleeves. We're going to do it. And now
you see it running. It's it's it it's
running at full speed now. Um along with
um a bunch of the other factories that
they're setting up now, too. So, um love
love to see it. Yeah, there's a lot of
companies that leave money on the table
after Elon makes a statement, but you
know who doesn't? China. They listen to
everything he says and they do it
immediately.
They've done the structural battery
pack. We're seeing that more commonly in
China. We're seeing the uh front and
back giga castings and even more
castings. And if you look at the lessons
learned from uh SpaceX, from the Falcon
and now Starship projects, China is the
one country that's like, "Hey, he told
us to copy him. Uh let's see if there's
any good ideas there." And of course, uh
the engineers at Tesla and SpaceX are
very, very good. Uh so there are some
ideas worth uh looking at.
Yeah. Well, with that said, MDR
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Volkswagen is um is doing a write
down uh because they're they're having
to eliminate a ton of jobs in Germany.
This is going to cost them their
projected $18.6 billion. Uh we're going
to see more of this over time as the
legacy manufacturers start to compete
with Tesla and with EVs from China. They
they can't just start making those EVs.
they have to um you know get rid of all
these assets that they haven't fully
depreciated. So when they build a
factory, when they buy tooling, there's
a projected lifespan and all of those
lifespans are going to be cut short. So
even if they wanted to switch to 100%,
you know, Tesla competitor today, they
they wouldn't be able to. It would just
be way too costly. And we're going to
see this more and more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've already we've already seen
it with some of the US manufacturers.
Ford and GM did their big write downs
already. Uh so we this is a continuing
trend. It is a going concern and
yeah I don't I don't know what
Volkswagen's problem is. They went all
in. They went sufficiently allin to
position themselves for the future.
Their sales are pretty good. I think
it's just that their margins have gotten
crushed by their inability to
streamline. When Herbert de went out to
see Giga Berlin, he looked at it and
said, "Look, they are getting a car from
the front door to the back door from
nothing but raw materials to a finished
car in I don't remember 10 6 hours or
eight, whatever it was." And VW was at
like a day and a half. And he said,
"Look, we've got to write this ship."
And the Porsche family agreed. You need
to go. Wait, that's not the right
message, you guys. you just shot the
messenger and literally the next week of
Berlin was shut down for retooling. It's
too slow. We got to make it quicker. And
you're like, it's too they're not happy
with being four times faster than us.
What chance do we have? And the answer
is $18 billion right down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it like you you can't make this
stuff up. Like if you want to stick your
head in a hole and and lose, that's
literally what they did. I mean, I was
surprised that even Tesla would allow
this dude to walk through an exec walk
through their factory, showcase some
stuff, right? Next thing you know, he's
just like, "Yeah, we're screwed. We
should change up a bunch of things." Oh,
well, let's shoot the messenger as you
said, Brian. And then it's like, "Well,
here you go." And here's the headlines.
We're going to lay off a bunch of
people. We're going to close some plants
and um and they're going to cut around
50,000 jobs. So, you know, I like I
said, it's and and what's happening is
is that
because Tesla has such a crazy work
ethic, they're one of those companies
that's on 24/7.
Um they they will not stop innovating.
So, even when you finally catch up to
something, they it won't matter. They
are 15 steps ahead. And um versus like
some of these other companies. And
that's the one thing that will always be
their competitive advantage is the fact
of their work ethic versus a lot of
these companies who you see rise, they
become number one and then they get
complacent like you're seeing with
Blackberry or you saw with uh Nokia and
all of the Microsoft, you know, back in
the day too. It's like, oh, who would
ever want a phone? Like, you know,
something shout out to Steve Balmer. Who
would ever want a phone without buttons?
Um, and you just like you just get lost,
right? And um but yeah, it's
um the one thing uh so I wanted to cover
two last things. I thought this was a
cool turning point here. Um is just uh
that Starship flight 14 first revenue.
Uh SpaceX CFO announced that the company
has signed another AI compute deal, but
they announced I don't know exactly
where. Um shout out to Grockbot, but
it's like Oh yeah. So he did an
interview yesterday with Goldman Sachs
and they had their first revenue
Starship flight. So like that's going to
be a huge unlock. Huge unlock. I mean
the fact that they are literally still
doing test flights but now they're
having revenue on them uh is just a huge
feat. So
um and then with that said guys um let's
see let's go to the end. All right. Uh
Joe, close us out, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if you guys aren't aware, on 1010,
October 10th, we are going to be having
the X takeover. It's going to be going
down. Little place you might have heard
of it, Giga Texas, Austin. We're going
to be out outdoors. We're also doing
factory tours. It's It's happening. $3
million drone show that I paid for with
my No, I'm just kidding. No. Uh yeah,
they are. They're So, how many is that?
How many drones is that, John? 1100.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Last year we had 800. So it's almost um
what? Going up 30 40%.
&gt;&gt; No, it's like Yeah, it's going up 50%
almost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's impressive. Uh so
yeah, we're one month out. That's it. 30
days. You are 30 days away from the big
event. It's going down. Uh News Force is
our sponsor, our new sponsor. They be
Correspondents on the ground. And uh
pick up some merch, some early merch at
xtakeover.com.
Yeah. Um, so for those that don't know,
um, we'll have stuff. If you want to buy
it, I would say probably buy it through
like, you know, midepptember. Um,
because I think it takes like a week or
so to get to you, maybe a little bit
longer. Um, but Joe is working on some
really cool custom stuff. Maybe you've
seen some of his videos that we'll be
doing like a really cool hoodie and some
other things that will be you will be
able to buy while you were there. So to
and all that goes back to um support um
the work of his clubs as well. So uh
with that said uh we will see you guys
all on 1010. Thank you again to Brian,
Joe, and uh Matthew for your time today.
Make sure you give them a follow. Uh
patronize them and we will see you guys
on episode 161 next Friday. Have a great
week everyone.