Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       The Truth About Space X, Anthropic, and Open AI IPO
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4nyxlqutVA
Published:   2026-05-29 16:53 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-29 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

a point of view that has some validity.
So I think it's worth discussing. So
here he says this is not looking good.
SpaceX, OpenAI Anthropic will go public
at the same time. $2 trillion company 1
trillion 1 trillion, right? That will
force markets to absorb 200 billion of
new supply. When that happens, funds
don't find new money out of thin air.
This is true. They sell what what has
already gone up. Nvidia, SKH Highix,
Micron, Intel, those are the bags that
will get cut first. And if the leaders
dump, the S&amp;P 500 dumps with them. We
saw the same pattern after COVID. Hype
IPOs flooded the market. Liquidity got
tighter. Air came out fast. Okay. Then
he goes on to show this. This time the
AI bottleneck trade looks even more
crowded. Watch the upcoming IPOs
closely. That's where you may first see
what the market is forced to sell. Okay.
So, I got a couple thoughts on this. So,
I don't disagree with his point of view
that the money's got to come from
somewhere. It's not going to come out of
thin air and it's not going to come from
uh Wars printing it, right? New new Fed
chairman. So where does it come from?
Well, he does have a point that there
probably will be some profit taking from
Micron, from Sandis, from Intel, uh who
else did he mention skinex, Nvidia,
right? There probably will be some
profit taking from that so that it can
be put into into OpenAI, uh Anthropic
and SpaceX. However, he is also missing
a very crucial point. So right now
investors have a record amount of money
just in the US a record amount of money
sitting in money mark. If you don't know
what money markets are just think of a
savings account or a checking account
where your money gets interest on it but
like at a really good rate like 3 4%. So
you actually make some decent money on
it. And because those pay you so much
sometimes for safety it makes sense just
to pile money in there. And as this Iran
war started you saw lots lots of extra
money. There's already a lot of money in
money markets already. We saw even more
flood into the money markets. So how
much is sitting there? Over $8 trillion
just in the US alone are sitting in
money markets. This is a big number. So
I don't completely agree with the idea
that all these companies are going to
sell off and that money is going to get
put into these three. Now could that
happen? Sure. But I also don't think
that smart money will be buying up all
of these IPOs uh immediately. Now if
they get, you know, like SpaceX will
probably get into the NASDAQ 100 pretty
quickly. all those funds will be forced
to they they won't have a choice. But I
don't think that you're going to see I
don't think you're going to see smart
money rush into the IPOs. Maybe that's a
better way of saying it. I think the
smart money will be patient. They'll
wait. They'll they'll let the hype die
down, see the first initial selloff, and
then they'll slowly get in there. And
you know, again, if you if you've taken
the courses, you know how to do this. If
not, I'll I'll teach you. But this is
also a good opportunity to if you want
to get into these positions, sell some
puts. Ride it up. Don't just go out
there and buy. Listen, market rates for
for not for us. We don't buy at market
prices. So, you can sell some puts. You
can ride it up, right? We know how to do
it safely. We know when to get in, when
to get out, right? All that you've
you've learned in the course. But
there's lots of different opportunities.
However, for me personally, you know, I
was talking to someone today to
Lawrence. Shout out to you, Lawrence.
Um, I think that I will probably wait
until either the first flush out from
SpaceX, Anthropic, OpenAI, the first
flush out from retail or whoever that
you know kind of sends it down five or
10% and then I'll probably try to get in
or I'll just wait till all of the um all
of the restricted selling has has been
completed. So, essentially 6 months and
then I'll take a look at things. But I
don't think with any of these companies
there's like a rush to get into them. Uh
the market will tell you there's a rush.
YouTube, uh, you know, Reddit, all these
things will tell you there's a rush. I
don't think there's a rush. I I think
take your time, wait for a good entry.
Avoid all the chaos and then get into it
where you feel comfortable. And again,
just let's see what happens. Don't
forget, we had the same type of frenzy
when Facebook first went public and then
Facebook went up and then went below IPO
price. We've seen this with several
companies before. So, there is a good
chance that you can pick up SpaceX or
Anthropic or OpenAI below their IPO
price. Don't don't think that's
impossible. Although a lot of people
tell you it's impossible. As a reminder,
we've got new dates for the options
crash course and the zero day course in
the links below.