Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Robotaxi Starts EXPANDING - Will The Stock RALLY NOW?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDJkRcPJwUU
Published:   2026-04-20 09:52 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-20 10:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Over
this weekend, important things have
happened in the land of autonomous
vehicles and autonomous transport. As
you know, Tesla is the world's leading
company that pushes forward this vision
of robo taxis, automated vehicles that
can drive everywhere for very, very low
costs, less than a dollar a mile, very
quickly, and then much lower prices than
that. There's no driver in these cars.
They drive themselves. And it's one of
the most astonishing accomplishments in
recent memory for technology and AI. The
ability to send cars out on the roads
and they drive themselves. These very
dangerous things. These are rockets on
wheels. That's how I think Elon
described that if something goes wrong,
people die. That is why this is such an
amazing achievement to go to a point
where you can do that. And of course,
now everyone is watching. If that is all
a dream, is it all imagined? Is it all
exaggerated? Are we going to take many
more years before this becomes true? Or
can it be done now at scale? Companies
like Whimo have science projects going
on, non-scalable solutions where people
do manual mapping and all kinds of stuff
to tweak it and make it work. But these
are not scalable projects and everyone
knows it. Tesla has a different approach
as we all know. If Tesla succeeds, it is
a true success. If Tesla can scale robo
taxi, they can deploy tens of millions
of them in very short order. And we know
the market is effectively unlimited.
This is a multi- trillion dollar
opportunity to replace all global
transport with autonomous transport from
robo taxis to car ownership to buses and
public transport to of course commercial
transportation, trucking and many other
things. This is truly a transformational
moment in time. If it is that moment in
time and that is exactly what we are
following here on Pioneer Alpha and
Pioneer Lands, we need to figure out is
it the moment or is it not the moment
because you know that my main focus here
is to trade my own portfolio and now as
you all probably know just my portfolio
but the actual institutionalized Pioneer
Alpha portfolio with a Luxembourg bond
for qualified investors where we
actually transform
that strategy that I fine-tuned for
myself for my own money over for the
last 2 years into an institutional
offering for qualified investors. So we
need to be right about the future and we
need to be right about the most decisive
moments in the future. Robo taxi being
one of them. So what happened over the
last 48 hours? Well, this happened. What
you see here is the robo taxi tracker
and what you see here is the actual
increase in robo taxis and we are now
talking about actually this is cut off
here. Why is that? 13 15 robo taxis
deployed and just over the last 48 hours
two additional robo taxis that are
unsupervised. These are the unsupervised
robo taxis and as you all probably know
when you go to robo taxi tracker.com you
see the whole story and you see that
currently in total 602 are being
deployed. These are all robo taxis
including those with safety drivers. Now
we have to note that these safety
drivers don't do anything. Effectively,
they are the same technically as
unsupervised robo taxis because there
are no interventions. This is just owed
to the regulations and to some safety
measures, but effectively these are all
not really supervised robo taxis.
However, these 15 are literally cars
with no one inside that actually
transport commercials.
Now, why is that such a big deal that
what happened over the last 48 hours?
Pause.
We have unlocked two additional cities
in Texas. We have unlocked Houston,
America's third largest metropolitan
area. New York number one, LA and then
Houston, then Chicago. So Houston is
enormous and Dallas also an enormous
city. And in both we have now deployed
one unsupervised robo taxi that is very
important because it hints at something.
It hints at this alldecisive question or
to the answer to that question when do
we start scaling? And you know that my
thesis has been for over 10 months now
that we will hit this inflection point
we have been all waiting for for so long
in April 2026.
When you pull out your calendar and look
at the month it is April 2026. And so
people think Joe was wrong. It's not
scaling. And yes, I will probably have
been wrong. I will have about the 1,800
unsupervised robot taxis in April. At
least I'm very sure I will be wrong.
Let's see what happens. But it's not
about that anymore. It is about the
question when do we start actually
deploying these things. And now that
this starts to happen, we have to
understand this is potentially happening
any day now. We have deployed two in two
more cities. At what point do we start
deploying more in Austin? At what point
do we start deploying some maybe in the
Bay Area? This is a regulatory question.
And at what point do we just saturate
Austin and Houston and Dallas? In my
opinion, you can easily employ 20,000
unsupervised AC or 30,000 probably
across these three. These are large
cities. You can saturate them even
without eating into car ownership or
anything. You could deploy tens of
thousands just in these three cities
across Texas and you can connect these
cities. San Antonio could be included
and then you could, you know, include
this entire super area, Houston, San
Antonio, Austin, all the way up to
Dallas. So if that happens, I said this
before, we can be absolutely sure that
Tesla stock will repric to the new
reality that unsupervised robo taxi will
now happen globally at massive scale.
And I told everyone if we roll out tens
of thousands of unsupervised robo taxis
the stock goes to a thousand and more. I
was very clear on that sticking to my
opinion. So the question is when are we
on that track and in my opinion we are
now entering as I predicted not exactly
as I predicted but I predicted April is
the inflection point and I think we are
now entering the inflection point zone
so now we have to actually recognize
there is upside risk there are
significant upside risk that this
repricing or parts of the repricing even
if the stock goes to 600 we you're fine
for now these are the upside moves we
cannot miss and so now it is all about
watching this extremely closely. This
is, you know, a fake bull flag, false
flag alarm. Is it just two and now we
wait another 10 months to get another
two or we will see on Monday suddenly
10. This can definitely happen. People
who observe the technology understand we
are already at the point where this roll
out could happen. Something is holding
Tesla back, but maybe not anymore. Now,
every day counts. If you are into stock
trading and getting the alpha squeezed
out of these stocks, you know my
strategy. my strategy, how I beat, by
the way, I have to show you guys the
latest here. This is the update. I will
cover this in more videos. I beat Tesla
right now with 17% for the month uh for
the year. Year-to- date outperformance
of Pioneer Alpha is 17%. Okay? So, if
you had a million invested or if I had a
million invested here, for example, I
would have $170,000
more than a pure Tesla portfolio. Why do
I mention that? because Tesla is still
by far my biggest position by far. It's
very close to 80% of the portfolio even
though I'm invested over 100% right now.
Anyway, how am I able to outperform
Tesla so strongly with itself? Of
course, Nvidia helped me a little bit,
Robin Hood and at Micro Strategy helped
me a little bit, but mostly you know how
I outperform Tesla with Tesla. How do I
do it? Not just with margin. I do it
with timing and prediction. This is part
of Pine Alpha and why you guys are
watching this because you want to
probably do similar things and some of
you do it even better than I do. But
what we are doing here together is if
you have a stock like Tesla and you know
the stock can go to 6,000 10,000 over
the next five six years could
what you want is you want to be invested
but if you can predict these runs if you
can time not the market but the stock
and history shows I can some others
might be able to do it too but over the
last over two years and a quarter I was
able to do that. Why am I able to do
that? because I understand the
technicalities of the stock price and I
understand when Tesla is ready to run
and I understand when Tesla is cheap
last year. Why did I massively
outperform Tesla since inception? Look
at this. We had ups and downs. I
outperformed Tesla by 45%. Tesla is up
60% since January 1st, 2024. We are up
and this is all accounted for. We are up
106%. So which means over 2 years 45%
outperformance. How? With Tesla itself.
Why? For example, at the tariff panic
liberation day last year, it was obvious
that Tesla's completely oversold at 220.
So I went all in at 240 with leaps and
got out for Christmas last year. So that
was good timing. Then I knew it's going
to deflate able to outperform that. Why
am I saying that? Because now is one of
these super exciting moments coming over
the next I don't know 6 months but it
could be as little as one month. In the
next day, two six months there will be
an inflection point with increasingly
increasingly high certainty and we need
to position ourselves to actually
capture that. That is my whole mission
right now to capture this upside of
Tesla and the way to do that is to watch
this chart to watch the stock price.
Let's see what happens. We have Iran
overlay, right? The street is closed
again, but now Trump said, "Oh, we are
we are meeting again in Pakistan, which
is bullish. Straight close is bearish."
So, we have to watch the Iran madness
that overlays the stock. Plus, we have
to watch the robo taxis how they scale.
And then between these things, we can
decide when we go allin. I'm already
nearly I'm not all in. I didn't reach my
capacity yet, but I'm over 100% in. So,
this is a decisive moment. That's all
I'm saying. very decisive because we
have to understand and that's what most
other Tesla tubers don't really get.
They are like either too fundamental or
they're too trady. We need to consider
everything. If you want to outperform,
you need to always consider everything.
The fundamentals, the stock price, the
stock technicals, and of course macro
politics, especially Iran and oil price
right now.
So this is the situation here and I am
very exposed to Tesla but not completely
exposed because I could go more in. So
we are waiting but we need to have the
finger at the trigger because this can
can happen now any time and you want to
take that run up and what is so
important here is we have to distinguish
between the stock moving up to 490 which
is a lot. It's at 400 now 90 can move up
without any reason because it's all-time
highs and the company's in the best
shape of its life. So, it can just go
back there without a reason. But if it
goes without a reason, without Robbo
taxi scaling back to 490, we have to be
cautious because it's likely going to
drop again. But if there's a repricing
going on, it can just burn all the way
through 490, 500 through 600 and get
repriced. And that is why we have to
watch out so much for what is actually
happening here because only if we do
that can we make the right decisions and
not get too nervous. So that is our
mission. I hope you stay tuned and I
hope that was interesting. See you
tomorrow.