Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Stock SKYROCKETS Back to IPO Price
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVe8tIfBpBg
Published:   2026-08-08 16:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-08 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This week was the week of SpaceX because
SpaceX for the first time reported
quarterly earnings and it was quite the
show because we learned a lot of things
about this very amazing and very
exciting stock and just two days later a
huge amount of shares actually unlocked
to become tradable in the market. So, it
was extremely interesting to see what
would happen to SpaceX this week and we
covered it very closely in Pioneer Lands
because this is one of the most exciting
stocks to be potentially in where I
actually said don't go in yet. Wait what
happens to actually see if this stock is
ready to invest. So, let's take a look.
It also plays a major role for the
greater AGI trajectory for the buildout
of artificial intelligence and for
everything we do in pioneer lens. So
let's take a look what happened. The
headline here for me was number one,
SpaceX actually delivered 1.4 gawatt of
compute readiness capacity
uh with the ending of Q2 which was very
surprising because we modeled it around
1 to 1.1 gawatt. So they're ahead of
schedule in terms of buildout and as you
probably know the buildout of AI compute
is the central bottleneck for the entire
world right now. Everyone tries to get
more compute. Everyone is rushing for
any piece of compute they can get. We
see it with Google, Amazon, Microsoft,
Meta, all the hyperscalers
and Elon and his team at SpaceX are the
best in building out giant data centers
but they're hitting that energy
bottleneck problem. So looking at the
energy built out is everything that
counts. There's permitting problems.
There's all kinds of issues that
everyone faces. So 1.4 gawatt compute.
That's the big first headline. But the
second big headline is that they said
they can raise the outlook for 2026 to 2
gawatt built out by year end. And then
[snorts] and we are getting into that a
little bit more in depth in a minute
over 5 gawatt by end of 2027. We don't
completely buy that. We think that's a
little bit hyperbole by Elon because I
don't actually see how they can get the
permits for that. And maybe Elon knows
more about it than he has shown us or
he's just exaggerating which is what I
think especially if you go into his
detailed statement. But we will also see
that might not be as important as people
think. So let's get into what SpaceX
actually said. So 1.4 gawatt
uh latest Grock lead is of course 4.5.
The Grock model is iterating very
quickly. We are expecting 4.6 of their
frontier model Grock next week and then
4.7 within the next month after which is
a rapid pace of improvement which is
because they have all that compute even
though they're leasing some of it out.
Now, they also said they're hitting 12
million Starling subscribers. Not too
much surprise here. They have 10,200
satellites in orbit. Also, not big
surprise. 167 countries with coverage.
Basically, all countries on Earth other
than the ones that make it illegal to
have free internet. And if you go into
the details, revenue is up 92%
year-over-year. AI revenue rose 247%,
not too much of a surprise. We knew that
with new cloud agreements contributing
contributing 1.6 billion of incremental
uh Q2 infrastructure revenue. That's not
a lot but it will actually ramp up very
rapidly. Now SpaceX signed another 6.7
[clears throat]
billion cloud service contract after
quarter end. The six months contract
begins ramping in October. And then we
had that important thing 2 G of compute
by year end 2026.
Here you see that that's very important.
and end 2027. Elon said, oops, Elon said
the capacity will be closer to 10 gawatt
than to 5 GW. I don't believe it's going
to be even 5 GW because if they grow it
to 5 gawatt, that would be already
outrageously positive. When we look at
how much money they make, they have
roughly a $26 billion run rate just on a
$500 megawatt lease. And that's not even
leasing out the whole thing. That is
including the stuff they're reserving
for themselves, the compute they need
for Grock and for their frontier model
development and for inference for
everything. We estimate roughly about
50% will be leased out. But at a run
rate of 26 billion for these roughly 500
megawatt they have you can do the math
right if they scale this to 2 gawatt by
the end of the year that would already
be a revenue run rate of 100 billion
dollar just on compute lease out. That's
crazy. And if they would double that
again to 4 GW, they would be at $200
billion revenue run rate for compute.
Just very rough numbers. We have much
more accurate numbers in the model, but
just to give you an idea. So if you very
very back of the napkin say 500 megawatt
make them 26 billion run rate in leases
in compute leases. They're ramping to
two gawatt end of the year. That's 100
billion. And then they ramp it to 4 GB
end of next year. That creates a run
rate of $200 billion a year. That is
nuts. Now getting to 4 gawatt of compute
is above what we had as a bullcase. And
we actually increased our bullcase to 4
gawatt based on these based on these
these statements by management and also
by Elon. So if Elon says it will be
closer to 10 GW than 5 GW,
you could make the bull case that it
might get to 4 GW. But I I'm still
skeptical. That's why it's the bull case
and not the B base case. So uh
SpaceX targets 20 gawatt of power and
cooling by end 2027. So that is of
course that's also exaggerated. My
opinion vastly exaggerated. When you
look at how difficult it is to actually
get this energy up, this is in my
opinion completely exaggerated. But just
to explain, they're assuming you have to
build up more power than you have
compute power for all the other stuff
surrounding it.
And Musk's expects uh 15 GW after
delays. These figures cover power and
cooling, not installed GPU producing
revenue. So the core compute energy
numbers here are the key. Hey, on this
channel we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support and let's get back to the
video. And as we will see later in the
weekly brief, SpaceX also made clear
statements on their commitment to Nvidia
as the exclusive exclusive
provider for GPUs, which boosted
Nvidia's stock by a lot. We'll look into
SpaceX stock in a second. But at
boosted, Nvidia's stock by a lot because
you can tell the amount of buildout
that's happening is crazy. And whoever
becomes the supplier for that can be
very lucky. At the same time, given the
supply situation, SpaceX can also be
very lucky. Having suppliers that
guarantee them supplies, Micron, he
called them out in a positive way on the
Tesla earnings call. Elon said, "Thank
you, Micron, for providing us with
guarantees to get this high bandwidth
memory." And he also said they are
firmly committed exclusively to Nvidia
as a GPU provider. I think it's a mutual
thing. So, Nvidia actually prioritizes
them, which is very important for
SpaceX.
And then finally,
SpaceX says new compute deployments paid
back in less than one year. That is
obvious, right? We cannot verify this
from public data but if that's true or
not but it's very clear that given the
massive amounts of revenue and immediate
huge contracts you can get that this is
a highly profitable business.
So all in all you see that here in
Pioneer Lands when we talk about SpaceX
there are lots of SpaceX fans and space
geeks out there and that is great. I
love everyone, but we are focusing here
really on the stock and the economics
because I believe even though I'm highly
supportive of the SpaceX mission to go
to the moon, the Mars is a little bit I
don't care too much about the Mars to be
totally honest. I think that's a little
bit of a a thing. I think if you can
establish life on Mars, you can also
establish mice on life on in deep space
because it's the same thing. The only
thing that Mars offers you beyond deep
space is materials. But you can find
them in asteroids or moons. Mars is a
very in uninhabitable situation. You
need basically complete protection of
the human body in there. So it is only
marginally better than the moon in terms
of survival. and this long-term vision
to turn Mars into like some planet.
That's sure maybe maybe but that will
take thousands and thousands and
thousands of years. So I'm not that
interested right now and we have a lot
to do on Earth. But I'm all for going to
the moon. I'm all for going into space.
So this is all great fantasies. I'm all
for it. But when it comes to the stock,
we have to understand
stocks live off money. And the money is
clearly not right now for the next 12
months and even 24 months. The real
money is not in Starship. It's not in
launching anything to space. The real
money is in compute in terrestrial
compute buildout. That is what will
force the stock higher. That is the only
thing that truly matters in the short
term and the only other thing that ma
matters to the stock.
The next phase come comes after in 2028
going forward is Starship delivering AI
compute satellites to relieve us from
all these bottlenecks. So it is very
important to watch Starship. It is very
important to watch the satellite
progress. That is the other big thing
that matters. The third thing that might
matter is Grock and enterprise AI but
that will be a messy complex situation
in terms of marketplace. There will be
massive free models coming next year.
They will absolutely grab massive market
share. There will be neoclouds with
Chinese models and open weights. So this
will be a giant mess with trillions of
dollars to make. Of course, but it will
be a tough battle for SpaceX. The not so
tough battle is terrestrial compute
build out where they will absolutely win
and in a second sequence after the whole
space buildout. That is why I have to
watch Starship reusability
for the second phase. And if they pull
it all off and bring in massive
terrestrial compute revenue, that will
boost the stock a lot. And if they then
in parallel can make Starship and the AI
satellites work, you know, perspectively
in 2027, that will lift the stock even
higher because people will see when they
hit these real real limitations on
terrestrial compute buildout. The growth
will definitely slow down massively in
my opinion in 2028 29 because of
permitting problems. If they can then
plug in that second sequence in space,
the stock has no limits. And that's what
we have to watch tactically short-term.
Can they build out terrestrial compute
like crazy over the next two three years
while they are then fading in that crazy
Starship AI satellite situation? That is
the main thing of SpaceX. Grock and
Enterprise AI remains a potential joker
when we talk about card games. The cards
up their sleeve. We will see how this
goes. So that is the situation. If you
look at the stock,
I called it out actually very
accurately. That's why it's sometimes
important. The weekly briefings are very
important to give you the big overview
that what we are doing right now. But
you have to also tune in with these
important events daily because I said
right after when we saw the drop after
earnings here was totally irrational.
the stock ran up 10% and then dropped
10% basically 11% after earnings was
very clear that this has had no big
signal but what we s saw then on
Thursday
that was the important thing when there
was a share unlock a share unlock huge
share unlock 900 million we will discuss
it in a second more then we saw that the
stock actually went up significantly
from there here I think 6% up and then
we saw a giant run on Friday and I saw I
said on Thursday, dudes, this is the
time I think this thing has bottomed and
now that the unlock does not create a
major drop. We will see a very rapid
runup to 135. I literally said it. Did I
know that the runup happens literally
the next trading day? No. Did I put on a
nice little chunky SpaceX position? Yes.
So I was able to capture that nicely in
Pioneer Alpha. Everyone who listened
could also capture it nicely. But I also
said
we will see selling pressure coming in
at 135 around [snorts] 1351 150 because
all these shares that unlocked did not
sell because they didn't like the share
price. Now they will like the share
price and these early employees and
investors will get out in my opinion at
IPO price. So, if I had to place a bet,
which I'm doing a little bit, I think
the stock will have a hard time quickly
breaking through the 135 level, the IPO
price, because now you will see selling
pressure. All the people who want out
and cash out, there will be resistance.
Now, how long will this resistance last
and can the stock go higher?
We have to see. But I think this gave us
a tremendous signal. I will discuss it
much more because we will watch this
stock and it's very important to
understand these unlocks, the effects
these unlocks have and the information
we got out of here. So
that was the situation for SpaceX stock.
Now in the weekly brief that we go into
now we will discuss a little bit the
Pioneer Alpha investment update on
SpaceX. So as you know at Pioneer Lens
we covering stocks and SpaceX is one of
our favorites. I will tell you more
about the details here how we actually
change the model based on the earnings.
We will look into the share unlock a
little more in detail. We will look at
SpaceX as a stock what it does. We will
look at Nvidia's behavior this week at
Micron's behavior and of course Tesla
and the big question if Tesla was
correlated or not and will be correlated
or not with SpaceX and what the whole
situation there is. So let's jump right
into it. View the full brief. Go to
pioneerlands.org
and there you will find the weekly brief
and every week we're covering capital
markets and your favorite AI stocks
including Tesla, SpaceX and many other.
You shouldn't miss that. Also in the
weekly brief by the way we have a
segment AI Frontier where we cover the
latest in AI frontier models so we
understand what the future brings. And
we have a new segment, politics, where
we cover all the transformative things
that are happening in the United States
and Europe. So check it out. See you in
Pioneer Lens.