Channel:     futureaza
Title:       AI Breakout or Breakdown Tesla's Biggest Moment Has Arrived
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23ozPRkW68g
Published:   2026-04-09 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 05:31 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Guys, uh there is a whole lot to talk
about in terms of AI and uh security and
uh developments and how it is changing
our life. I am joined today by my good
buddy John Twig who is going to fill us
in on all this stuff. We haven't spoken
since yesterday, sir. Uh I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; How you been, man? Long time no chat.
&gt;&gt; I've had no sleep for a day. It seems
like it was just a moment ago.
&gt;&gt; It feels that way sometimes. It's uh you
know, good. I got a good night's sleep
since last we talked, I think. Uh yeah.
So, what's uh what's going on here?
&gt;&gt; Well, we were talking about Claude.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, that's right. I remember now.
&gt;&gt; And the rate of improvement. We're not
going to stare at every little box on
here. I just wanted to show you that pe
the claude team have been shipping a new
feature fairly significant ones
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; to the clawed environment every day
almost every day the ex rate of
acceleration of what's happening is just
insane uh so I will zoom in a little bit
and just have a look that co-work for
Windows was one of them people that have
been watching the AI world will might
have heard of something called openclaw
this was literally just a couple of
months ago it was a way of using AI
rather than a breakthrough in AI itself.
Uh as I say that we we were talking
about chats and you go on a chat window,
you're having a conversation, it keeps
the conversation at the end of the
conversation. You start a new
conversation in a new thread, a new
session. You're beginning from scratch.
You've got no low long running context
of uh what you told it yesterday or it
not knowing about you. Open Claw the
revolution was that it runs on your
computer and it records everything and
it's got access to your computer.
Again, Elon's talking about this with
XAI that they're looking at systems that
will run a whole business. This is like
a mini version of that running on your
computer, but it wakes up every few
seconds, says it, is there anything to
do? What am I supposed to do? Give me
something to do. Uh what the the the
story was that the guy that created this
set it up with access to all these
different tools and the intelligence
that it could try things access things
and his phone rang and he picked it up
and said who's that and it's this is
openclaw
uh what what do I do next? And what it
had done is it told it proactively to go
out and try and do things. it had found
the libraries, the connections in the
system that it needed to be able to do
text to voice and then another one that
let it actually make phone calls, it had
found his details somewhere. So, we can
see why some of these some people are
getting really worried that if you give
Open Claw too much permission, don't
give it your credit card because it
might start spending money on all sorts
of things trying to to achieve. It
reminds me a little bit about paperclip
stories that people when they first
started worried about AI that if you
created a paperclip factory and told it
that its job was to make as many as
possible, it would actually use up all
of the world's resources making paper
clips. So, we got to be quite careful
what we ask for. So, OpenClaw was an
open source project that people can put
on their own computer. They can say,
"Every night, clean up my emails. get
rid of the old ones that are duplicates
or send me a message on Telegram if you
see an an email from my best friend that
I need to respond to quickly because
what it does is it wakes up, it talks to
AI and says, "How do I do this task?
What's the skill to do that?" Oh, you
read emails. Oh, what does this email
read? I'll study it. I'll look at it as
if it was as if you were on a chat
window and posted and said, "This is an
email from my friend. How should I
respond?" It's doing that all on its
own. It could then propose how you
answer and you might just say on the
telegram message. You might be embed in
the morning. It's like, oh, email from
your friend. I propose you write this
back. Yes, please write that. And off
it's done.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like a personal assistant 24
hours a day on your on your own
computer, which you can connect through
WhatsApp or Telegram to your phone.
Co-work is Anthropic's version of that.
All of the big companies are then
beginning to say, "Wow, that's really
amazing. Open AAI have employed the guy
that created OpenClaw." So they're all
trying to put these things. So another
feature in the one of those things
somewhere on that is that I can see it
down there on the 24th. Remote control
using the Claude app on your phone. You
can remote control what Claude is doing
on your computer. So you can be offered
a meeting and something's finished and
it asks you on your phone, I finished
that. What's next? Quick type in and it
carries on even though you're not there.
What I find really fascinating is that
what we've effectively got, as I said,
is these personal assistants.
What's going to happen when we've got an
AI5 chip that's 10 or 20 times as fast
or better at running AI in an Optimus
robot that's with us at the office doing
everything. We can have conversations
with this professor level assistant that
can access all of our resources, do
everything for us. It's not just going
to vacuum and fold your clothes. I know
those are interesting videos, but you'll
have little conversations that say,
"Optimize my portfolio. Make me more
money." And that will be the sum of the
conversation. And off it goes. If we've
even got money by then, of course. Uh it
might be that we've got universal access
to basic resources. Well, I will I will
interrupt you right there to say that
Chris from Dirty Tesla used Claude to uh
manage money. He gave it $500 and said,
"Invest this for me." And you are
correct. Uh he no longer has that money.
Uh he ended the account, I think a week
or two later at like 911. Uh so uh
Claude is very human in that regard.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Although uh Elon is very keen to
post uh that Grock uh of that there is a
a vending machine test and it sits there
running a little business stocking the
vending machine up uh buying products
deciding what to sell what prices etc.
&gt;&gt; Uh and Grock Grock has been winning that
and making the most money on that little
vending machine business. Uh they did
discover one of them trying to uh do
some various unsavory practices that
when their competitors in the team in in
in the exercise ran out of stock, sell
them things at double the price uh and
things like that. So they very quickly
resort to if so so this is why it's so
worrying how this might play out if we
let these into the real world. Will they
be ethical? Will they follow the rules?
Will they care about people?
&gt;&gt; I saw real quick. I saw a there was an
AI competition. You have one hour or two
hours to write a code uh to win at
poker. And the winner uh took about five
minutes to write his. His code said if
wager then allin and all the other bots
folded and folded and folded because
this guy, you know,
&gt;&gt; and so yeah, he won uh without any smart
code. So, that's kind of fun. I hope
it's a true story, and if not, I uh
don't mind.
&gt;&gt; I I'm sure it probably is true to some
extent if the other models are not so
clever. But, of course, now we've got
that auto research and models improving
all the time. Uh, absolutely. I mean,
what what what is an Optimus going to be
capable of? Virtual Optimus is the other
thing they're talking about which which
is effectively an open claw running as a
digital assistant even if you can't
afford the physical Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Uh so staggering this is what's this two
weeks ago
you you talk about all the factories and
what they how big they're getting and
all the compute they've got.
&gt;&gt; A couple of weeks ago uh Elon was saying
that they're going to be training three
Grock models all at the same time. M
&gt;&gt; uh that resource should be
we should be seeing the results of that
over the next few weeks and months.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But we've also got a worrying I don't
know what to make of it. All of XAI's
original that started the company with
him.
&gt;&gt; Founders
&gt;&gt; have all left. Founders all all his
co-founders have left. 12 out of 12 have
gone.
&gt;&gt; Uh this followed mainly when XAI merged
with SpaceX
&gt;&gt; and Elon said it needs rebuilding. So,
&gt;&gt; real quick here. Real quick here. Solo
XAI is saying two leaks in a week. How
do you not talk about the elephant in
the room? Didn't you talk about that
like right at the top?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The last on that was yesterday.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that was yesterday. So, Solo XAI on
X AJI AGI you know who you are. Uh that
was in the previous show uh which we uh
ran yesterday. So, um we're not ignoring
it. We've already addressed it. Uh,
&gt;&gt; and humans have got a context memory
that goes all the way back to yesterday.
&gt;&gt; Mine does sometimes do that. But I tell
you, I feel like there's a whole day
missing between when we recorded
yesterday and today. I feel like it must
&gt;&gt; And remind me what were we talking
about?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, the two weeks thing and all
the founders leaving.
&gt;&gt; There we go. My next slide. Yes. 11 out
of 11. said 12, but of course Elon was
one of them,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; All gone. Some really great people. Uh,
look at this. Perhaps not surprising,
Meta offering packages to some of those
developers worth $300 million over four
years. This is an insane world. Uh,
&gt;&gt; and that is why there are people who
say, "Oh, XAI should have been created
within Tesla." I say, "No. Tesla
investors at the time were not super
excited about a cash burn outside of
automotive. And the other factor is that
those to headhunt those people, you
needed to be able to entice them with a
stock offer that could 10x 100x um 300x,
who knows? Whereas with Tesla, uh you're
going to get maybe a two to 5x, maybe 10
if you're lucky. And well, yeah, but
Meta and Google and all the others, they
were able to recruit. Yeah. by paying
hundreds of millions of very real
dollars. So
&gt;&gt; and and I think the very a big
difference is that Elon is doing this he
always says for the right reasons. They
go at an incredible rate. All of their
engineers are given really great
autonomy to do various different things
and I get the feeling I I believe that
the engineers come in because they
believe that they're working on
important things. Having said that,
after that merger, those 11 guys are
probably left uh with a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And their fortune will not be
determined by the work they do in the
next two months.
&gt;&gt; No. And and they'll probably go off and
do interesting things, create new
companies just like Andre Copath has
done, uh various different things. So,
we're in a bit of a strange place with
XAI that we're not quite sure what will
emerge next. We've got incredible
amounts of compute. They've obviously
taken on a lot of staff after this. So
they've obviously got a lot of great
people. Is it that they've actually
finished the hard work? The interesting
bit is done. Is it just a matter of
executing through building the computer
out and running the models? Who knows?
&gt;&gt; And the reality is like if you look at
some of the founders of older companies,
they've gone on to do interesting things
after. Like the uh guy who made Zip 2,
which was like the first uh direct turn
byturn direction mapping, he went on to
do something. I forget what, but it was
pretty interesting. Grock, uh, Elon is
saying, "Grock will improve every week."
What one thing I can't quite work out
cuz I'm a software engineer is why does
they put so much effort into imagine
drawing pretty fairies and all sorts of
different things. Uh, but Elon reminded
us again a few days ago,
real world AI is about video processing
and creating video. So, so the cars
Optimus need to be uh very very good at
handling video, understanding it, all
those kind of things. So, we're seeing
improvements every week. Oh, off off to
a little bit of something else that's
exploding the AI world. Google just a
few days ago, what's that? Seven or
eight days ago. I forget what day we're
on now because I'll lose track when I'm
talking to you. Uh, Turbo Quant, they've
come up with, and I got confused about
exactly what this meant, a compression
tool that compresses the tokens that
come in and out of the language model.
So, when you're having that chat, the
message that you type will now use six
times less memory because they'll
compress it on the way in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, if I've written, who is Brian
White, the future, that's tiny. But if
I've said please fix this bug on this
big software program and it's fed in the
contents of 20 software files that write
that in. That's a very very big context
that it's had to feed in. So there's
lots of huge data passing in and out of
the models to solve more complex
problems. What this does is it makes
that much smaller. Hm.
&gt;&gt; I immediately went on and asked Rock or
somebody, "Does this mean I'll be able
to run a bigger open- source model on my
Mac and I asked it an hour or two after
this came out?" And it said, "No, the
model isn't getting smaller, just the
input data and the output data. And
these models are gigabytes big. You need
gigabytes of memory on your computer to
run them, even the small ones. Uh the
bigger ones can can be a 100 gigabytes.
You need some serious kit to run these.
What I didn't realize is I went back and
asked again and it's that actually when
you're doing those very large context
windows of huge amounts of software
files going into a model and saying fix
this bug in it. Give me some new code
back. You can end up with a model that
runs in a data center that's 100
gigabytes big. But you might have 300 GB
of context because what it has to do is
every single word that goes in is like a
key, a token. And there's a huge, this
gets really complicated and I get a bit
woolly, a huge map of data from the keys
to the vectors
that point at what it means. Uh, that's
a very simple summary.
&gt;&gt; Well, increasingly it is magic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Every single word that goes in
might take 128k, something like that.
And if there's a million of them, you're
talking gigabytes. What this does is it
makes all of those extra gigabytes six
to eight times smaller.
&gt;&gt; Six times smaller, eight times faster
because it can process faster. So what
it means is suddenly those big data
centers can run models on about half of
the amount of memory that they needed
just two weeks ago
&gt;&gt; once they've implemented this into their
systems. So we're going to get big speed
ups on a lot of the models just by this
one single improvement.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting to me that Google has
been only calling this Turbo Quant for a
few days when I've been calling them all
a bunch of Turbo Quants for years. But
yeah
&gt;&gt; uh so we've got uh about six five more
minutes uh to wrap it up. So let's uh
see what we can get done there.
&gt;&gt; So what I want to have a very quick look
at is uh many people will have heard
about rethink x. Adam door is saying
that AI is not going to replace human
&gt;&gt; no
&gt;&gt; oh no these are quotes from other people
saying it won't replace human beings.
&gt;&gt; He's saying it's going to replace nearly
everybody. The painful truth. AI and
robots will take all of our jobs. And
he's a research analyst with RethinkX,
one of the most wellrespected agencies
out there. So with all of those things
we were talking about exploding faster,
bigger Optimus will be able to do
anything. We're going to go through
absolutely massive social changes. We're
going to end up in an age of abundance.
My question for everybody is how do we
get there? If most people are losing
their jobs,
yes, we might end up with a lot of new
jobs, but they're not going to be for
the same people. They might be for new
people with new skills. If you've been
driving your truck, it is a painful
truth on a from the Tesla side that as
much as we get excited about a semi
truck replacing perhaps three drivers
driving 20 hours a day long uh long
hours recharging and not needing anybody
driving it. You're potentially losing
two, three truck drivers that might have
been earning $50,000, $100,000, might
have had mortgages. They're not going to
walk into one of those new social media
superstar jobs like yourself, Brian.
&gt;&gt; And uh the reality is a lot of them will
have had mortgages that they then have
no way to maintain
&gt;&gt; and it's going to be tricky and painful.
And I don't know what the answer is. I
can see where we are today. I can see
the age of abundance down that road. uh
but can getting from here to there I
suspect will be very difficult and
painful because the gatekeepers are the
ones who have the money to participate
in the new economy and getting an
optimist bot for you know uh $50,000 or
$20,000 is great if you have $20,000 and
if you don't I've heard people say well
just rent it out to your neighbors they
already have their own they don't want
mine and they also don't have money so I
don't know how that works.
But the early buyers will buy hundreds
of them, thousands, who knows, millions.
They've got economies of scale. I worry
for that transitional period. I don't
know what it's going to look like.
&gt;&gt; Have I got time to ask a question?
&gt;&gt; Go for it.
&gt;&gt; Even now, I I know in the UK that the
care system is in crisis. There's a
something like a 100,000 jobs that are
not filled. So, this is people that look
after elderly people perhaps with
disabilities at home part-time or in
care homes. There aren't enough people.
There are people that might get half an
hour's help a day. They're struggling to
stand. They're in pain. It's horrible.
We look the other way. Not because we
don't care, but we can't do anything
about it. An Optimus robot could go in
and transform that person's life, 100
24-hour daycare,
but will that Optimus go to a factory
that doubles its output and makes three
times as much profit? Or will it go to
look after somebody who's elderly, in
pain? effectively being tortured half
the day because they literally can't
move around, can't do things. And the
answer, of course, is it will go to the
factory first. How do we adjust this?
And and I don't disagree with that. We
need the productivity. If we gave them
all to the elderly first and didn't get
productivity gains, how we how would we
pay for them? But how do we get it to
trickle down? Will it happen on its own?
Uh do we intervene? Uh how do these
things evolve? There are some very big
questions to ask because we've got an
incredible opportunity to make
everybody's lives better, not just a
few.
&gt;&gt; A great place to uh say, guys, uh what
did we miss? What do we misunderstand?
Leave it in that chat. Uh and uh leave
it in the comments if you're catching
this on the replay. Uh what I would say
is that uh I do have a very fascinating
video to show, but you'll want to stick
around because after it, I've got
something even more exciting. Can you
believe it? I bet you can. Uh you guys
do not seem to suffer for a lack of
imagination. Um and that's what we're
going to do. So, I'll see you guys back
at the top of the