Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla SHOCKED The Market Today (And What Happens Next)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgAw24m0VEM
Published:   2026-04-15 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's a good day for Tesla and everyone
who is a Tesla shareholder. The stock is
continuing this crazy rip upwards. And
my video yesterday where I warned
everyone 400 is incoming became a little
bit true faster than I thought. I
thought we are on that on that whole
road towards 400 next week. But it's
already a day later. We are up 6.39%. At
the peak we were at nearly 395.
So as I predicted we have a lot of room
to run even without any news since Iran
is over. The market is recovering and
now everyone is risk on again. And
remember that Tesla is probably the most
attractive AI stock in the world when it
comes to modes and when it comes to what
this company can do. No one has robo
taxi global rollout capabilities and
technology. No one has a Terra app
coming up and no one of course has
Optimus at scale available. So we are
going to look into what happened today
that drove the stock so much up
especially since yesterday was already a
crazy day up. Yesterday was a very good
day and today we just continue. So the
main reason for that is probably that
the market sentiment has just pivoted
into risk on Iran is over. Trump is
going to announce something today, maybe
another hiccup or it's just over. We
know that the offramp has happening.
That is why I covered Iran so much. Even
though I don't enjoy the comments when I
do political and macro geo strategic uh
videos, all the nut jobs come out and
say, you know, the MAGA people, the
crazy Israel people, the crazy whatever
people, this is not the channel for
them, but they still feel attracted to
it like the moths to the light. Very
sad. We want to focus on the actual
market impacts and the actual rational
perspectives on the world. I told you
Iran is over. The market has now turned
around. We were well positioned and now
Tesla is up. And I think this stock when
you look at the technicals actually has
a lot to run all the way to three uh to
490 in my opinion uh without any reason.
Very important. We don't need reasons to
get back to all-time highs because the
stock has made the company has made
tremendous progress since December since
these all-time highs. We have seen Cyber
Cap actually launching in time. We have
seen all kinds of amazing things. We
have seen FSD 14.3 come out. Everything
kind of on schedule, maybe a month late.
There was some maybe tiny
disappointments. But the big picture, as
I said before, is that we are actually
on track of delivering these incredible
milestones that open up multi-trillion
dollar margin streams with FSD. But I
think the news today that is actually
the most exciting that might have
impacted the stock a little bit. There
was a tiny upgrade from some bank. No
one cares about that. Was probably
positive for the stock. But the
important thing is two news here. First
of all, AI5, the first really hardcore
AI chip by Tesla, has been completed in
its chip design. They're taping it out,
which means they're pencil down on the
design. That means this thing now goes
into production, the prototype
production, and see if the uh Samsung
actually does a good job in producing
them. And Tai uh I think Taiwan
semiconductors are also working on that.
And here's the chip. Isn't it amazing?
This chip will change the world. It's
pencils down. It's going into
production, which was huge news today.
Very important. Tesla is now
full-fledged, full on a semiconductor
producing company, an inference chip for
the cars. But even more important, we
will get into that a little bit later,
why this is so important and for what,
but this is just incredibly important.
And uh this will now become a very
important driver for Tesla. If you look
into what people are actually saying
here, you see that uh there is a
comparison down here. Everyone is of
course celebrating. Here is the
comparison to AI4. Right? Here's the
comparison to the previous chip and you
see these things evolve dramatically.
Look at this comparison here. You see up
here AI4, the current chip, hardware 4
in the Teslas. And this still looks like
an ancient chip. Look at that. And the
new one. It's a of course a enormous
capability leap. Enormous 40 times 40x
and all kinds of things on different
metrics. I'm not going to go and bore
you with all the details. Important is
this is a huge huge step forward. Now
some people have speculated
maybe this chip is so important and it
will take a year from now to actually go
into fullscale production and deployment
into the cars. Maybe this chip is so
important that robo taxi has to wait for
it. That was one concerning topic that
came up. Is AI4 maybe not good enough?
Do we maybe have to wait for robo taxi
rollout to actually get that new chip
because that chip will make it
tremendously more powerful and this chip
has tremendous improvements for a robo
taxi and that would be very concerning
because we know mass production of that
chip cannot happen faster than 9 12
months from now because now they're
going through all the iteration cycles
and I think that was another important
important important news piece here
today that Elon Musk himself actually
says you you know here thank you to
Taiwan SemiTSC and uh Samsung for your
support and bringing this chip to
production. It will be one of the most
produced AI chips ever important. But
then Tesla owner Silicon Valley asked
will this go into cars or the robots?
And Elon said something very very
important. Let me zoom in here so we see
this up close.
Elon said Optimus and our superco
computer clusters AI4 is enough to
achieve much better than human safety
for FSD. I think this is a very
important sentence because that tells us
here very clearly without any doubt
there is no need to wait for AI 5. AI4
the chip that is in millions and
millions of Tesla Model Y's and Model
3s. Most importantly, the chip that is
in the current cyber cap production run
is enough to achieve much better than
human safety for FSD, which means we are
full on full on ready to actually roll
out robo taxi once the vital tweaks on
the software are being done and I
covered that in a different video. I
think we are absolutely on track of
getting that done. For me, that is a
very important sentence because with all
the celebration about AI5 and Tesla's
supremacy more and more in these real
world physical AI inference chips, you
have to really think about that Tesla is
now the number one inference chip AI
inference chip manufacturer in the
world. Once AR5 is starting the
production in 2027, early 2027,
Tesla will produce more inference AI
chips of any sort than any other company
on Earth. Let that sink in just to
understand what's happening here. And
that is way before Terrafab. This is
just AI5 that will go into millions and
tens of millions of Optimus robots. It
will go by the tens of millions into
supercomputer clusters in space by the
way. So that is a very important
milestone for Tesla and even more
important AI4 is more than enough to
have robo taxi roll out. Beautiful day.
Very nice. Let's do a final check on
Tesla stock. We are at 387. Let's update
this. Yeah, 387. Beautiful. By the way,
if you're interested in tactical
trading, I actually put on some short
calls now around 390 after seeing. Okay,
we reached that top. I think it ran up a
little bit too much for my taste just on
a very technical trading thing. I'm
talking about Friday login 2 days
expiration for my calls. I do think on a
4-w week run for 4 to 8 week time frame
even without any catalysts the markets
will keep rallying. I think we are
absolutely setting up for a beautiful
rally and I do think Tesla can go to 490
with no effort without any reason. They
will tweak any kind of reason into
something positive. Now that we are risk
on, if we get catalyst, if we see
unsupervised actually scaling, if we see
cyber cap rolling out and actually
getting unsupervised, the sky is the
limit. Not the sky is the limit, the
moon is the limit. We're going to the
moon. If we don't see any catalysts, we
can run to 490. Now, this is all a macro
market situation now where I said it
repeatedly throughout Iran at the tail
end of the Iran conflict. We are now
sitting on a coiled spring and Tesla
with a coiled spring can go back to
all-time highs no problem. No catalyst
needed. I think that's also why we are
seeing this crazy rally today without
really super good reasons. I mean these
are nice news but it's not a hard
catalyst of any sort. So I'm positioning
myself very bullishly but very
tactically short-term. I think we a
little overstretched now. Who knows?
This is also short squeeze whatever is
going on here. So, if you're in any way
thinking beyond Friday, don't listen to
what I just said. Don't do short calls.
Dangerous. I think the rally will
continue. But on a very tactical level,
I think we can take a little bit of a
breather. So, I want to wrap up this
video with a reminder when it comes to
the hard catalysts that these hard
catalyst, the robo taxi rollout are
probably happening. I said it's
happening in April. That was my
prediction. April, May. I'm a little
more wavery on it that it actually
happens. But my old prediction not so
wrong. When you look at Joe Techmire or
as I call him the other great Joe, he is
the man on the ground. Not just on the
ground, the man in the air. He is has
achieved complete air supremacy over
Tesla Austin Gigafactory.
And this is another one from today where
Joe shows us what is happening. Look at
this.
Today
&gt;&gt; we are seeing cyber caps rolling out of
this factory. Here's another batch just
from today. This happens every day. Now
these cyber caps are being churned out
of the factory and pushed into the
greater United States. And it's just
very exciting for anyone who is a Tesla
fan and follower. Look at this. We're
building an army of robot taxis. They're
all getting deployed. We see a lot of
hiring now. I covered this yesterday and
this is just another day, another day in
Austin. Another robo taxi batch
deployed. So, we are very bullish.
Everything overlaps. Macro looks good.
Technicals look good. We can go to
alltime highs without any catalyst. And
the catalysts are coming out of the
factory every day in bigger and bigger
batches. 14.3 FSD version looking very
good. These are good times after a
painful, as I predicted, painful Q1. I
also said Q2 is going to be good. I
think it will be good. Let's not talk
about Q3. Let's see what happens there.
So, I hope that was interesting. I have
a very important video coming out, by
the way, on Friday. A very big
announcement for Pioneer Lands, for
Pioneer Reserve, for my own investment
strategies here, and for something that
might be very interesting for a lot of
you. So, make sure to tune in on Friday.
Of course, tomorrow we have another
interesting day and video, but on
Friday, it's a mustwatch. I hope that
was interesting. See you soon.