Channel:     electrified
Title:       What Is Tesla Doing?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWSlXrb0hDk
Published:   2026-04-21 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-21 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The humanoid hub shared a short video of
Scott Walter talking about that recent
Optimus patent and specifically the
rolling contact finger joints. However,
Elon replied to that saying, "We already
changed the design. This one did not
actually work." If you watch the video
on that Optimus patent, we did say there
would likely be some changes, even if
minor, from a material standpoint, given
the original date of the patent. But at
the same time, we have to wonder, is
Elon trying to throw the competition off
the scent. It's possible. But I do still
think that the core of that patent will
be in place, primarily moving the
actuators from the hand down into the
forearm and the cable or tendon wiring
breakthroughs that we went over in that
video to actually enable that design to
work. But most of the time I like to
take Elon at face value. So for now we
can assume that the rolling finger joint
just that portion of the patent has
indeed been changed. But again we can
ask how much has it been changed. And
sadly even if we do get an Optimus V3
demo in the next few weeks, it will
likely have some form of glove or
covering on the hand so as to not reveal
detail like this. Over the weekend,
there was plenty of debate about the
Cyber Cab and if it's currently limited
by that 2500 unit annual cap. We've
talked about this in depth in the past.
Just to be clear, because Tesla has
selfcertified the Cyber Cab, they're
effectively saying that we believe the
Cyber Cab meets all FMVSS and that means
that no exemption process for that part
555 exemption is actually required. So
Tesla is expecting to be able to skip
that entire exemption process and only
through that one exemption is where that
2500 unit annual cap comes into play.
Here's the proof. We saw this sticker on
a cyber cab at a popup event. This
vehicle conforms to all applicable US
FMVSS in effect on the date of
manufacture shown above. And further,
just to be clear, all auto manufacturers
self-certify all of their vehicles. So
Nitsa does not preapprove every single
new vehicle design. It's just that later
Nitsa has the ability to challenge those
manufacturers self-certification. So
throughout their testing and compliance
reviews, they can then say, "Hey,
actually we don't agree with your
interpretation." But clearly, if Tesla
thought the Cyber Cab was not going to
meet the FMVSS, then they would have
applied for that exemption already. And
if you're thinking, well, wait a second.
I thought the rule was that if the car
doesn't have a wheel or pedals, then it
has to have that exemption. As I said
before, this is where that ambiguity
comes in because the interpretation of
the new and amended FMVSS are up for
debate. But this released from the
Federal Register in 2022 said this final
rule amends the occupant protection
FMVSS to account for future vehicles
that do not have the traditional manual
controls. And scrolling down a bit,
you'll find called out specifically a
steering wheel. So the takeaway for the
past few years, these regulations have
been in the process of being changed and
amended to be updated for current
vehicle technology. So based on all
publicly available information, I
believe the proper expectation is that
the Cyber Cab will not be subject to
that 2500 unit annual cab. As I said
before, down the line, Nitsa could
change Tesla's interpretation that the
Cyber Cab meets all FMVSS even though it
doesn't have a wheel and pedals. But for
now, because Tesla has clearly chosen to
self-certify, Tesla is not expecting to
need that part 555 exemption, meaning
that 2500 unit cap is not in play. Of
course, I have to touch on Tesla's
launch of Robo Taxi in Houston and
Dallas because really the timing of it
and the reality of what it's been has
been rather confounding. And now before
I get into the oddities, I do want to
make one thing abundantly clear. The
fact that Tesla has launched with
unsupervised vehicles in both of these
cities is a major deal. Remember Q4 last
year, Elon said, I think even if the
regulators were not making us do it,
have a supervisor in the robo taxis, we
would still do that as the right sort of
cautious approach to a new market. Just
to make sure we're being paranoid about
safety, I think it makes sense to have a
safety driver or safety occupant in the
car when we first go to new markets to
confirm there's not something we're
missing. All it takes is one in 10,000
trips to go wrong and you've got an
issue. So, there you go. Yes, the
expectation has been that all along for
any new city robo taxi launch, it would
start with a supervised robo taxi. But
for Houston and Dallas, apparently
that's no longer the case. and we had
supervisors in Austin for seven months.
So, I was hoping for three months of
supervision for each new city, at least
for the next handful. But fast forward
just a few months later and Tesla is
clearly saying to the world, "We don't
even need the supervisors anymore. We're
that confident with the software even in
a brand new city." So, I don't think I
need to make this point. you all
understand why this is such a big deal,
but I don't think enough people are
appreciating the magnitude of that
departure from what Tesla and Elon were
expecting to do to what they just did.
Now, with that very encouraging thing
out of the way, this roll out has
certainly not been smooth. There have
been hiccups, and based on everything I
can find on the internet, it does appear
like Tesla still, as of recording, only
has two unsupervised vehicles in each
market. And my problem with this is
Tesla knows how viral of a company it is
and that there are going to be Tesla
enthusiasts traveling to take rides. So
if you're going to launch in a new city,
why are you doing it with one vehicle
for a few days and now only two?
Obviously, you're going to have plenty
of service downtime. Any normal folks
trying to use the service that are
excited about it won't be able to
because either a Tesla fan has the one
or two vehicles that are available or
somebody else has it. And so I do find
the timing to be interesting right ahead
of earnings where Tesla would like to
have some momentum, a positive talking
point or two for the call. And this is
not just a one-off. Tesla actually did
the same thing before the Q4 call. That
call was held on January 28th. And just
a few days before that, Tesla announced
unsupervised rides in Austin for the
first time, which started very small,
very limited. And yes, I know it's the
prudent, safe thing to do. I agree. All
I'm saying is if we have the official
robo taxi account and Elon telling the
public to go try this service when only
two vehicles are available, it's like
what are they thinking that the early
experience is going to be like for
people trying it out for the first time
that can't get a ride? And I do want to
say zooming out big picture a year from
now, none of this matters at all. But
for right now, of course, we're going to
talk about what's happening. And I
certainly have questions. Tesla launched
with supervision in Austin with about 10
vehicles on day one, which I think is
reasonable. Now, of course, given
they're expanding unsupervised, things
will be different. But honestly, I would
rather Tesla wait a few days or weeks to
the point where they feel comfortable
launching with at least 5 to 10
vehicles. So, any new non-Tesla nerds
that take the step of downloading the
app and trying to hail a ride actually
have a good experience for the first
time. They might not be as plugged in as
you and I are. And so I don't want them
to be soured on the Tesla experience
because Tesla is rushing something out
there ahead of an earnings call or for
whatever other reason. And listen, if
Tesla bumps the number of vehicles
active in Houston and Dallas here in the
next few days, then okay, great. No
worries at all. But all I'm saying is if
another 2 or 3 weeks go by and they're
still only at a handful of vehicles in
both of these two new cities, then at
that point it'll look more and more like
they did this ahead of earnings just to
have a positive talking point. But here
are the geo fences for Whimo and Tesla
in Dallas. Whimos is 48 square miles,
Tesla currently 31 with plenty of
overlap between the two. Then in
Houston, Whimo's geoence is 23 square
miles and Tesla's is 25 with no overlap.
And Tesla's current geoence in Houston
is easier driving relative to Whimo's.
Whimo is more of the urban dense
downtown city cyclist, pedestrians, and
all of that. Whereas right now, Tesla's
geoence is definitely more suburban,
rural, less edge cases. And yes, Tesla's
geoence does have access to some main
highways in the area, but contrary to
popular belief, Teslas are still not
supposed to be on the highway, at least
when it comes to these new cities. And
shout out to Texas Tesla for his
unbiased coverage of the launch in
Dallas. We are on the highway. What?
Oh my goodness. This is crazy
location. What?
What?
What? What? No way. Of course, this is
going to happen to me. Uh, I I can't
hear you too good.
&gt;&gt; So, the robo taxi ended up on the
highway when clearly it was not supposed
to be there. Maybe a navigation issue.
On the screen, it said the vehicle's
finding a safe location to pull over
while the user was on the highway. Now,
it was safe. It handled it fine. It got
off on a future exit and rerouted. But
the reason these things matter to me, I
think about somebody like my
mother-in-law. If she were to be in this
experience for the first time, how would
she feel about using the service going
forward? I just always think about the
non-Tesla folks and that these initial
rides might be their first touch point
with Tesla ever. So, hear me out. I'm
really not trying to make a bigger deal
out of these things than we need to. I'm
just trying to understand Tesla and its
thought process with all of these
decisions. And Texas Tesla also shared
this video where his car was in the left
turn only lane, but the car wanted to
turn right with the right signal on.
Spoiler alert, it turned out okay. But
the car did end up going the wrong way.
So, more navigation and map problems.
&gt;&gt; The right blinker on. Oh no. Oh, right
blinker is on, but we're turning left.
Come on, nav.
Mav nav nav and map data. Oh, no. We
We're going the wrong way. Matt, we're
going the wrong way.
&gt;&gt; And to be clear, I've seen nothing
safety critical here. It's just these
minor annoyances, inconveniences, and
customer experience things that Tesla
needs to get cleaned up. And Texas Tesla
shared this one where it would not go
right on red.
Someone honked at me.
I'm not driving.
Look, it's almost going to go.
And I can't roll down the window either.
I can't tell you, dude. I can't tell
you. It does not want to go on this red.
It had the opportunity, that dude got
tired and just left.
&gt;&gt; So, is it a safety problem? No. But
again, if my mother-in-law was in that
vehicle, she would certainly be
uncomfortable. Especially now with all
the stories you hear about road rage and
people doing ridiculous things. And I
just thought it was worth pointing out
these hiccups because these were all
when there was one vehicle on the
network. Meaning with not a lot of
mileage covered, we already have a
handful of instances of situations that
are not great. And look, that was not an
exhaustive list. He also said his screen
got stuck and kept telling him to exit
safely as they were going 40 m an hour.
He couldn't watch videos, listen to
music, check the map, adjust the air, or
anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Look, I can't swipe. So,
anyone who says you can just swipe out
of here or do something like, "Nope. No
matter what I do, nothing happens."
Self driving. I'm driving. Nope. Up
here. Nope.
Nope. Like, literally nothing works.
&gt;&gt; And that's why I said shout out Texas
Tesla. He's a Tesla fan. He's a
supporter of the company. He owns
multiple Teslas. He wants the best for
the company. And sometimes the best way
to support the company is to point out
the areas where it needs work and
smaller customer experience things like
the widget and the app itself giving
different timelines for when the vehicle
will arrive. In this case, the app said
the car was 14 minutes away, but the
real time widget said the car was 24
minutes away. And from availability,
I've seen official outlets say the time
is 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., but then I've
seen other users say sometimes in
Houston it doesn't open until 9:00 a.m.
And as far as I can tell, Tesla doesn't
have any official hours of operation for
the service. And today, Saddok said no
robo taxi because of rain. This one in
Houston. But at the same time, Sawyer
got a video from a follower showing an
unsupervised robo taxi that was indeed
operating in the rain. And I'm guessing
many of you have seen the delivery
center lots with these Tesla Model Y's,
but only a few of them actually have the
robo taxi badge. In Houston, at this
center, we saw three with the badging.
The rest didn't have it. So, did they
just not have the robo taxi decals yet,
or are those actually not going to be
robo taxis? But, as I said, for the
usual, we will learn a lot about where
Tesla is here in the next few weeks to
see how it handles expansion in Houston
and Dallas. And with all of that reality
checking out of the way, a very
encouraging sign is Tesla's pricing is
still significantly undercutting the
competition. Sawyer shared data from a
follower. Tesla was $6.15.
Whimo comparable ride $13.93.
So Tesla was less than half of the cost.
And just know I saw between 5 and 10
different receipts and data points. Some
were even more impressive for Tesla,
like this one where the robo taxi worked
out to $167 per mile, whereas Whimo
comparable trips were $541
per mile. So, that hasn't changed and
it's still one of Tesla's biggest
competitive advantages. Now, they just
need the availability to match. So, if
these 30 or so vehicles sitting at these
delivery centers do get the robo taxi
badging and then get deployed here in
the next month or two, then that's
awesome. But if they don't, well, we'll
cross that bridge when it comes. And the
last thing I'll say about it, in Q1 this
year, Elon said, "In terms of taxi
vehicles carrying paid customers, I
think we're well over 500 at this point
between the Bay Area and Austin." Elon
continued, "This will probably double
every month type of thing. It's on an
exponential curve." Well, a doubling in
February would have been roughly a,000.
In March, 2,000, and in April, 4,000.
And well, even looking at the alltracked
figure, which is not the number of
active vehicles, it still only sits at
611.
So Elon, my brother, if you're not
confident about the guidance you're
giving, then I would encourage you to
just not give it at all. And listen, I'm
obviously not doing this to dunk on Elon
or Tesla. I'm doing it because we have
an earnings call tomorrow and Elon is
certainly going to say some things and I
just have some doubts about how much
stock or confidence we can actually put
into the things that Elon is saying. And
I'm not talking about two plus year
estimates. I'm talking about things he's
talking about monthtomonth. In my humble
opinion, any estimates he gives like
that for the short term, a matter of
weeks, should be quite accurate. And if
the team really doesn't know because
they have to wait to see how things play
out in the real world, then just say
that and don't give us a number. And
actually, the last thing I want to say
for me, the fact that Tesla is launching
unsupervised in these new cities far
outweighs all of these negatives that I
took the time to cover. I really believe
that these negatives can be worked out
relatively soon. And the fact that Tesla
is going unsupervised tells us a lot
more about where its confidence lies.
And it means the path to scaling is much
more wide open than it would have been
if they launched with supervisors. So
clearly there is a world where we get
toward the middle of May and Tesla ends
up with around 30 unsupervised vehicles
in both Dallas and Houston and hopefully
Austin as well as Tesla removes more
safety monitors there. And that's what
we'll be rooting for. But we have to
acknowledge if Tesla keeps safety
monitors in Austin and stays with a very
slow roll out, then at that point I
think it'd be fair to go back and ask
the question, well, did Tesla do this to
have a little bit of momentum ahead of
earnings. Time will tell. Steven Peters
shared this video of supervised FSD in
Amsterdam, and I think it was worth
sharing.
&gt;&gt; This car is so super smooth, silent as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I wonder what the difference will
be with my Model S
&gt;&gt; in terms of smoothness.
&gt;&gt; Not a bike lane.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; It just interpreted what it needed to
do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Unbelievable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And probably Evd has never driven here
before.
&gt;&gt; No, but there's a high likelihood that
that in fact isn't the case.
&gt;&gt; This is like a crazy adventure course.
So
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's like a wipeout challenge.
&gt;&gt; Wipe out challenge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And there's some blocks here. The view
is obstructed from the right.
&gt;&gt; Very limited.
&gt;&gt; There's these little things on the road
where you shouldn't be driving.
&gt;&gt; And also shouldn't be walking, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Let's give them a cookie of their own
dough.
&gt;&gt; Huh?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Is there a biker behind us? Just
&gt;&gt; Nope.
&gt;&gt; Backer coming on the right.
&gt;&gt; No. Stops.
&gt;&gt; And maybe it's just me because I'm a
nerd, but seeing FSD handle these new
situations and knowing that this data is
now training our FSD for the future is
quite encouraging. And Alexander was the
first one I saw to point this out. He
said the RDW's presentation on May 5th
has now been extended from 20 minutes to
an hour. It was also moved to after
lunch, which can't hurt either. And here
it is. Presentation by the Netherlands
on article 39, 1 hour long. Now, does
that have to mean the vote will take
place at this meeting? Certainly not.
But I think it's clear the regulators
are now realizing all of the societal
pressure and the eyes that are on them.
So, my expectation is still that the
vote won't take place until the June
30th meeting, but you got to imagine
that this would at least crack the door
open for a possible vote at the May 5th
meeting. And Barcelona Geek shared a
response from Spain about supervised FSD
approval there. They said Tesla is
currently testing 30 vehicles equipped
with FSD with about 80,000 kilometers
driven so far since November 2025 with
zero reported incidents to date. So
overall, the tone of this response was
positive, but it sounds like Spain will
be waiting for the vote. And sticking
with Europe, I think this one is being
overlooked slightly. Tesla is rolling
out a three-phase power wall this week
in Europe. And yes, Tesla already
launched Power Wall 3 across parts of
Europe, like the UK and Germany, but the
current version has only been
singlephase. And many residential
systems across Europe actually use
three-phase power. And these three-phase
systems distribute load across three
separate currents instead of one. So, a
single-phase battery system like Tesla's
Power Wall can still function in that
environment, but it often requires
multiple units or more complex
installation setups to balance the loads
properly. And that mismatch has made the
Power Wall 3 feel somewhat constrained
in Europe despite consumer demand, which
is precisely why a native three-phase
Power Wall could unlock broader adoption
across the EU. And we know there's no
issue with battery demand across the EU
given the landscape right now. And I
think this three-phase power wall
rolling out this week should help to
alleviate a lot of that demand. And one
more for the EU. We now have EF Matal
requiring some of the striking workers
for Tesla Sweden to actually work for
them during the strike, meaning they're
no longer off work. And one anonymous
Tesla striker said, "If I'm going to
stand outside for 8 hours a day on
behalf of EF Matal, I might as well go
in and work and get all the government
guarantees instead." And so the change
here is a new requirement from EF Matal
that these Tesla employees have to now
actively participate in union activities
like picketing or meetings during
standard working hours. It's wild to me
that this strike is still going on after
it started back in October 2023. Back to
the states, PG&amp; and Tesla announced the
Cybert truck and the Tesla power share
gateway as well as the universal wall
connector have been approved for
participation in PG&amp;'s residential
vehicle to everything program, marking a
major milestone for birectional EV
integration in California. This means
PG&amp; customers who own a Cybert truck can
utilize the VAX program to install
Powershare home backup and activate
Powershare grid support. Customers can
now use their vehicle to power their
home in an outage and earn money by
selling power back to the grid during
events. But here's the major change.
This marks the first AC vehicle-to-g
grid application approved for customers
in California, which enables vehicles to
connect using much simpler equipment
rather than specialized DC
infrastructure. And customers in this
program may now be eligible for up to
$4,500 in incentives. So Ford was
actually part of this pilot, but they
were using a DCbased system. So the
F-150 would send power, DC power that
would ultimately need to be converted by
expensive hardware to actually power the
home. Whereas now with Tesla and the
Cybert truck and its hardware, it can
just send AC direct from the vehicle.
And it doesn't need any expensive
hardware to convert it because it's
already AC. And most in the industry
have said the main bottleneck for these
programs is these expensive external
birectional inverters that take the DC
and convert it to AC. And for those in
the no, this setup right here is for
those customers without a power wall.
And I was not able to find anything on
if this will work for Power Wall
customers yet. That's because as far as
we know for customers with a Power Wall,
the PowerShare home backup is still not
available. but it is supposed to be
coming with an OTAA update. Clay Travis,
the founder of Outkick, Big Sports Guy,
said, "I've been using Tesla's
self-drive tech for over a month now,
and I'm even more convinced that within
10 years, driving a car will be like
riding a horse. Something people just do
for fun. It's transformative on a level
I don't think most understand yet.
Absolutely revolutionary. Thinking about
all the changes coming just from this is
mind-blowing. Imagine a world where
parking lots are largely unnecessary.
Just that change alone would free up
unbelievable amounts of land for new
housing, parks, and a higher quality of
life. So, more of the normies, and some
with significant influence, are starting
to get it. Some of you may remember
Spencer and David doing the test on 14.3
in the parking garage where it drove
out, ignoring a do not enter sign. Well,
they went back with 14.3.1, and that is
still not fixed. And
&gt;&gt; we're out. Do not enter. Stop.
Well, they haven't fixed it yet.
&gt;&gt; So, while sign reading may be improved
in some scenarios, again, it is not
perfect. Jim Farley's been making some
public comments throwing a little bit of
shade Tesla's way, saying they don't
have updated vehicles. But truly, the
way I see it, it really is just noise.
I'm sharing because in response, Elon
said, "This is before supervised FSD is
approved in China. The limiting factor
is production output in Shanghai." And
Elon's comment was likely referring to
what Sawyer said about the Model Y being
the bestselling car in China for March.
But I think the natural question
becomes, if production output is the
limiting factor, then why not just
expand the manufacturing footprint in
China? You may remember that Tesla had
been discussing potential plans to
expand from roughly 1 million units of
annual capacity up to two. But the only
thing we ever heard about that was they
were not approved by the government
thanks to data security concerns. And
it's true Giga Shanghai has been
operating near max capacity, the listed
capacity from Tesla's 950,000, which is
about 80,000 per month. And as you can
see, after Tesla ramped capacity from
the change over to the new vehicles,
that's effectively where production has
landed for the second half of the year.
All this to say it will be very
interesting to see what happens when one
FSD is approved in China and two Tesla
begins considering global production of
the Cyber Cab. What will that mean for
Giga Shanghai? Because remember we just
heard that Giga Shanghai might also
produce Optimus. So I would expect Giga
Shanghai expansion plans or at least
rumors to begin at some point over the
next year. Tesla's spring update is
still rolling out, but as of this
morning, it's still only deployed to
roughly 11% of the fleet. So, you're not
alone if you still don't have it.
Reuters did this article they were
framing as this big investigative
project, ultimately to save that Tesla
has been playing the tax game to save
$400 million in taxes over the past few
years. This by using some offshore tax
strategies. But here's the problem. When
you actually read the article, which we
know many people won't do, you will find
this buried. Reuters found no indication
Tesla's tax practices violate any laws.
And Tesla would hardly be the first
company to shift profits overseas. So,
this is one of those don't hate the
player, hate the game type of scenarios.
And frankly, I think you could actually
make the argument that from a fiduciary
perspective, Tesla should actually be
taking advantage of any of the tax code
to save itself money and to become as
profitable as possible for shareholders.
And that's exactly what Tesla has done.
So, Reuters might try to frame it as
this negative, sketchy thing that Elon
and Tesla are doing, but it's actually
not. Tesla was supposed to start a new
jury trial over a wrongful death suit
this week, but we just learned that
they've decided to settle. This the one
where the parents of the teenager were
arguing that a Tesla technician without
their knowledge disabled the speed
limiting software. But Tesla maintained
it was the reckless driving of the
teenager that caused the crash with or
without a speed limiter. And this the
one where the 18-year-old was going 116
miles per hour around a curve with a 25
mph speed limit. So, of course, the
settlement was sealed. We don't have the
detail, but I did want to close the loop
on this because we were watching this as
the jury outcome may have had
implications for future cases, but no
trial to be had for this one. The former
CTO at Meta just said he had a scary
Whimo ride just now. It had to pull off
the highway suddenly and then it stopped
short before a major intersection. It
started moving erratically, so I jumped
out of the car while the light was red.
It still stopped blocking a lane on 84
in Woodside. Calling support from the
car didn't work, so I wonder if it was a
network issue. And he's not a hater. He
said, "I've done 52 rides in 550 mi with
Whimo and this was the first issue.
Overall, I love Whimo." So, for a tech
guy to jump out of the car at a red
light, I think tells you all you need to
know. And as always, Whimo will get the
white glove treatment by the press, so
most people will never hear about this.
So, in the midst of all of the noise out
there, yes, Whimo is expanding to new
cities, which is great to see. But
still, overall, its fleet size is in the
neighborhood of 3,000 as far as we can
tell. And really the last public
guidance we got was that Whimo was
aiming for about 3,500 units in the
fleet by the end of this year. So in
each new city, Whimo is still starting
with a handful of vehicles somewhere
between 10 and 20 and then they
gradually scale from there. But my point
is from the number of active vehicles in
the fleet, Whimo is not scaling as fast
as it may seem with all of these new
city launch announcements. And I know
many of us are eagerly awaiting the day
when Tesla takes that one crown for that
specific metric. So whether it ends up
being later this year or in the first
half of 2027, it's still not going to be
a hard target for Tesla to reach once it
feels it has the infrastructure and
safety data in place. Today we learned
that GM just shelled out $40 million to
bring on a former Tesla employee,
Sterling Anderson. And I think this is
newsworthy, not just because of how
important it is for these legacy
companies to bring on talent from Tesla,
but because they're saying Anderson is
now among the potential candidates to
succeed CEO Mary Bar. And more recently,
Anderson left Aurora to join GM, but
back in his Tesla days, he led Tesla's
Model X and autopilot programs. And
heading to Sterling's LinkedIn, you'll
see he was the director of autopilot for
one year back around 2015. And now, of
course, for the past decade, he's been
the co-founder of Aurora, but clearly
GM, like many others, are still looking
for answers when it comes to autonomy.
Rivian's R2 factory in Illinois
sustained significant damage from a
recent tornado. They're saying it's too
early to understand what this means for
R2 production. Thankfully, they did say
nobody was hurt, but based on the few
pictures we shared, this is clearly
going to take some time to get things
right. Today we learned that Uber's
stake in Lucid has now tripled and it's
up to 11.5%
valued at around $255 million. This
because Uber announced an additional
$200 million equity investment in Lucid,
raising the total commitment to $500
million from the original 300 million
that was agreed to July of last year.
and what this move is all about. They
also upped their commitment to at least
35,000 units over 6 years, up from the
original 20,000 Lucid Gravity SUVs that
they agreed to last year that would be
deployed as robo taxis on the Uber
network. And all parties are still
saying the commercial robo taxi service
remains on track to launch later in 2026
in San Francisco using the Lucid Gravity
fitted with Nurero's level 4 autonomous
stack. Earlier this month, Narrow opened
robo taxi test rides to Uber employees
in the Bay Area with safety drivers on
board. The first time the service has
been trialled through the Uber app.
Production of the final robo taxi
variant is pending completion of safety
validation. I'm going to be Thomas here
and say I'll believe it when I see it.
Today, Tesla registered its voice
assistant feature, which is powered by
AI, with China's cyerspace administrator
in Shanghai. Media reports last year
said Tesla also planned to integrate
DeepSeek and Bite Danc's Duba AI voice
controls in its models in China to
better compete with local automakers. So
this article is very light on detail.
There's not much else out there. So I
don't think this is for Grock. The last
we heard Tesla might use local partners
for this feature thanks to yes data and
privacy concerns that might restrict
Grock in China. And Reuters is now
saying SpaceX plans to cement Elon's
control after IPO, granting him and a
small group of insiders super voting
shares that will outweigh other
investors. After IPO, Elon will stay on
as chief executive officer, chief
technical officer, and will serve as
chairman of SpaceX's nine member board
of directors. The prospectus filing
excerpt shows SpaceX will use a
dualclass equity structure that gives
class B shareholders 10 votes each,
concentrating power with Elon and a
handful of other insiders, while class A
shares sold to public investors will
carry one vote each. They also outline
provisions that could limit shareholders
ability to influence board elections or
pursue certain legal claims, forcing
disputes into arbitration instead and
restricting where they can be brought.
And frankly, can you really blame Elon
after everything that he's been through
publicly with Tesla? And today we
learned about this master agreement
between Sourcewell, which is a Minnesota
service cooperative, and Tesla.
Sourcewell is basically a cooperative
purchasing program to eligible
participating government entities. So
Sourcewell can award these purchase
agreements for more than 50,000
participating government, education, and
nonprofit entities across the US and
even sometimes in Canada. The goal is
basically to save time and money by
pooling purchasing power and
streamlining the procurement process.
And one other supplier that was awarded
in this deal was Rivian. And so, not
only will this make it easier for Tesla
to sell its Model 3, Y, and Cybertruck
to government agencies and nonprofits
and so on, but this also covers charging
things like wall connectors, mobile
connectors, and even supercharger
access, and even fleet management tools,
some training where education is
required, and third-party upfitting
options as well. And guys, this might be
the first time Tesla is offering
discounts, at least that we've heard
about publicly. right here. Tesla's
offering the following volume discounts
as of last year, which replace the 1%
flat price discount. 6 to 15 deliveries,
2%, 16 to 50, 3%, and 51 plus 4%. And
the way it works, basically, these
nationwide organizations can set up this
free Tesla for business account. They'll
get their own account manager, and then
they just use Tesla's online
configurator as anybody else would. And
so ultimately now these public sector
organizations will have a much easier
time actually procuring the vehicles for
their fleets. So it really helps to
streamline the entire process. And the
initial term for this deal is 4 years,
meaning it would expire November 2029,
but there are options for extensions in
the contract. And Tesla said this is the
nation's largest government purchasing
cooperative of its kind. And the
addressable market here is actually
quite big over the next few years. I
mean, if you take 50,000 public
agencies, those groups are managing
hundreds of thousands of vehicles across
their fleets. And now, all of this
pricing is pre-negotiated. So, none of
these agencies have to go through any
bidding process, which should shorten
the timelines. I think today's video is
already going a bit long, but I'll have
the full document linked below if you
want to take a look. But again, overall
over the next few years, hopefully this
does actually serve as a pretty solid
tailwind. Tesla stock closed the day at
$38642,
down 1.55% while the NDX was down42%.
The volume was 23% below the average.
Hope you all have a wonderful Tesla
earnings day tomorrow and a huge thank
you to all of my Patreon supporters.