Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Timeline Just Shifted
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtWmJ7-48qg
Published:   2026-05-01 14:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla Semi just launched. Robo taxi app
is now available in Android. And Tesla
just increased the number of
unsupervised robo taxis to 26 from 17
just a few days ago. April was supposed
to be a major month where a lot of
milestones were to happen. And yes, the
cyber gap did have its start of
production. Full self-driving version
14.3 did roll out. FE supervised was
approved in the Netherlands and part of
Cortex 2 did come online. But on the
other hand, Tesla punted on revealing
Optimus Gen 3. X Money has not yet gone
live and Roadster was delayed yet again.
Let's see what to expect in the coming
months. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the rational, also known
as Mr. Incredible, the executive Jeff
Lutz. We got the powerful, the queen,
Tesla boomer mama, Alexandra Mertz. And
we got the botbull, the master
forecaster, the slayer of spreadsheets,
Cern Basher. Welcome everyone.
&gt;&gt; Hi Albert.
&gt;&gt; Hibert.
&gt;&gt; Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Let's go. Oh, we're going to do a little
state of the union, especially what
happened in the earnings call last week
and uh we're going to talk unsupervised
robo taxis. We're going to go through a
milestones table CERN put together to uh
see what has been accomplished and what
is yet to be accomplished. There is a
Elon Musk and Sam Alman were in open
trial the last few days. We'll cover
that and then also Elon's SpaceX uh
performance co performance award review.
So, first Alexandra, you should be
happy. Android app is finally available.
The Robo Taxi app is available in
Android and more vehicles have been
spotted now here in Dallas that are robo
taxi uh unsupervised vehicles. And so,
it looks like that the current count is
uh 26 unsupervised. This is, of course,
robo taxi tracker. We don't know how
accurate this is. Sometimes they're
delayed and sometimes they're
miscounting, but that's the number we've
been tracking. 26 unsupervised fleet
right now. What are all your thoughts on
this? Uh yeah. Uh sir, why don't we
start with you? What's your thoughts on
the count,
&gt;&gt; the company and the product? I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull enjoy listening to
bears. We're looking for the red flags.
You're supposed to react. The
&gt;&gt; longer term opportunity for Tesla is
like no other company that I've ever
seen.
Well, the accounts are low. There's no
sugar coating it, but you know, it's
headed in the right direction. We'd like
to see a massive acceleration, and I
think it's just a matter of time before
we see that. The problem is we can't
forecast when that matter of time is.
Um, we might be seeing the start of it
now, we might not be. It may drag on for
a few months. I think Elon was very
clear on the conference call that
there's a few things that they think
they they want to solve with FSD. Uh not
not so much safety issues, but
convenience type issues in terms of
making sure the vehicles pick up and
drop off in the right location and that
kind of stuff. And I think there's a
whole host of things that we've seen on
various video clips of the cars behaving
in, you know, sometimes some kind of
strange ways that aren't really a big
deal, but if you can fix them, then why
not fix it before you start rolling it
out to hundreds and thousands of
vehicles. So, I think this is what we're
seeing. They they are, you know, it's
encouraging that they started to expand
in Dallas and Houston. Three cars in
those two cities is pretty minimal, but
it's a start. And I know that they've
hired teams in those locations and so
hopefully we see an acceleration of this
uh sometime soon, but I don't think we
know at this point when that's going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; Alexandra, you've got your wish. You got
Android app, but uh the wait times are
still pretty high. They don't have
enough cars. So why would they roll out
Android? Why would they encourage people
to download the app when there's huge
weight times? Are you okay with that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I have it now, so I'm I'm
not going to complain. And it was my
wish, but it was also the basic minimum.
I mean, how in the world can you have an
iOS? When was it? 1st of July that we
But you were in uh for the first Well,
exactly. So, we're like nine months or
10 months afterwards. So, this is crazy.
But we got it. Poor Android users now
can also have the robot tax app. I
downloaded it immediately. It obviously
tells me that the closest zone is the
Bay Area. I am about five hours away
from the Bay Area so that's not going to
happen tomorrow. Uh and then there are
very few cars. Now I do believe it is
one of the three elements that need to
be fulfilled for for um unsupervised
robotaxis to work. One is the hardware
working on that and obviously the the
cyber cap we've seen the the model wise
work very well in in uh in this function
and who knows whether we will need
version 15 in the end or not. I mean let
everybody speculate about that. The
other is the software that's where they
are making all these improvements now
for convenience. Be it obviously we're
all impatient but I I mean I do
understand you don't want to be in the
press constantly with the the way Whimo
is. So be it. And then the the third one
is all the rest meaning regulatory
permits uh washing uh charging all these
other things. And the Android app for me
falls in there. So they have a long list
of things they have to do some on a
national or even international level
some on uh uh city or or um state level
and they're working on that. And then
they're obviously also I think and hope
working on the federal permission for um
for unsupervised FSD. So that third
bubble well the Android uh app was one
of those. It was ready. They launched
it. I don't think it had a lot of
impact. I heard that in Austin lots of
new enabled Android users now suddenly
had their first ride. So that's very
nice. But obviously that's going to calm
down once the first excitement is over.
ticked that box, moved on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think what we all kind
of agree with there, which is the
operation side of it is ahead and
they're going to make sure that it's
ahead because the way they're going to
do this is slowly slowly and then go
massive and so they want to be well
ahead there. This is the very first
cyber cab VIN zero. Uh Jeff and I spoke
about it on Monday. What do you think,
Jeeoff? What's your best guess of when
is the very first cyber cab that you can
hail on the robo taxi network? Next
week, two months from now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that I mean that should be
imminent. That that should be imminent.
Uh I don't I don't see any I don't see
anything uh there that blocks that. And
they're starting to send these vehicles
out to multiple cities. They look great.
Uh, I think they've done a great This is
one of those things when you engineer a
product that's supposed to be quote
unquote budget, supposed to be quote
unquote lower tier and it looks iconic,
it looks premium, it looks like nothing
else that's around it, you have a home
run. And I know people are are torn on
the ID and some people think it looks
strange, but it it is going to be very
eye-catching when this thing whizzes by,
makes zero noise cuz that's how EVs are
and it looks like the way it does,
especially with the doors open. So, I
think they have a hit product. I think
the approach to launch, which is these
are these cars are are launching to
Tesla. So, they can closely monitor
them. they can closely monitor their
hardware performance, how the software
is working. And I think this is a good
thing. You know, back to the earnings
call and the robo taxi launch. I think
if you owned a social media site and you
wanted to drive the most amount of
ambiguity, you would say you would you
would describe the the approach to robo
taxi the way Tesla did. they essentially
uh really opened up the goalpost in
terms of what's possible and I think
Elon spent time talking about what they
want to do and what they want to improve
but what we don't know as listeners is
what he means by volume scale and we've
talked about this on a few shows I I
believe that he's always been talking
about volumes in the many hundreds of
thousands and eventually millions
and that is the volume scale piece of
it. So he built a production operation
that's going to be many times actually
the speed of the Model Y operation. The
Model Y is a is capacitized for about a
million and a half units a year. And
when the cyber cab gets to its peak
velocity through the factory, it's going
to run a couple times faster than the
Model Y. And it'll depend then how much
capacity they decide to install in the
factory. They've been a little bit
vague, but they they have said that it
will be the highest volume vehicle they
produce. So I I think we're just in this
period as you and Alexandra and CERN
described is all these other aspects are
going to they're going to just continue
to get them ready. And the reason is is
the way that these models are being
built and they're being tested
internally. They may they may land on a
winner sooner than sooner than later.
They don't know. And this isn't this
isn't oh it could be. But I I think what
we're seeing is pretty good sign. And
you really have to, this is when it's
really important to kind of be a buddy
with a statistician or be very good with
stats yourself because you're we're
starting to see even though these are
relatively low numbers and these are
lower than what Tesla guided to maybe 90
days ago. The acceleration we've seen in
deployment recently, I would say is
meaningful. And the question is is are
they going to keep at that pace? Are
they going to increase that pace? But
what we've seen over the last week has
is I wouldn't say is not meaningful uh
in terms of what what's happening. So we
should keep an eye on that. And if it
continues at this pace, it's going to
it's going to pass the number one
provider of robo taxis in months this
year. And I still predict that it that
it may surpass it maybe by 2x or more.
So let's see how that plays out. But
let's watch this. This is be fun to
watch uh on the daily. And by the way,
when they spot another robo taxi, that
is worst case. It's not like they're
double counting uh with it's a it's a
unique VIN that they're looking for to
to find a an unsupervised vehicle. So,
keep an eye on that. And I I think this
thing could flip at any actually any
point in time. It's it's it's not a
foregone conclusion that it's oh, Elon
said it's this and therefore we have to
wait till the end of the year. I think
internally and I've been in these
meetings and I've conducted these
meetings in the past. I just sometimes
you don't 100% know. You can start
getting it down to a 3month range or
maybe a one month range or you know but
you don't you don't know exactly.
&gt;&gt; That's been the issue Elon and his
comments about timelines. We were hoping
that when he does shorter timelines,
he'd be more accurate, but like we said
last time, but we prefer it if it's
coming directly from Mashrok, it's more
likely that he's got it uh dialed in of
what, you know, but like you said, he
might not know. Are you guys expecting
cyber cab part of the robo taxi program
soon, months, years?
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I think short months, couple of
weeks to see the first ones.
&gt;&gt; The thing that I find really encouraging
&gt;&gt; in Austin, right? Yeah. The thing that I
find really encouraging is the number of
cyber cab validation vehicles we're
seeing out in the wild and in all kinds
of different locations and cities uh in
states where maybe the the regulation
really isn't in place yet. So they're
laying important groundwork for the
future. Um while we all want to see them
deployed and and you know fairing
passengers around now, Tesla's playing a
longer game and they're setting
themselves up for more rapid expansion
in the future. Uh which ultimately I
think will be great.
um they're not placating to our you know
our desire to see more cars now. Um but
yes, if if they continue to make cyber
caps, they only need so many validation
vehicles. I don't know how many they
need. A few hundred maybe. And then
beyond that, it makes sense to put put
those vehicles in service. I mean, on
one hand, you've got a uh it was it was
good to hear that they were launching
Model Y's without any person in it right
off the bat in Dallas and Houston. They
just went ahead and did that. Okay, that
gives me the confidence that they might
launch the cyber cab without anybody
inside because you have to you can't
have somebody. It's hard. I was asking
everybody like could you not have a you
know a safety rider sitting in one of
the seats at least just in case with a
hand on a button. Uh but so likelihood
now is that they will launch it without
anybody. But then on the other side is
like this is a brand new vehicle you
know it's never been we none of us have
ridden it like you know using our own
cars driving around everywhere with FSE.
So it could take a little bit longer
than I expect than we expect before it
actually does show up as a robo taxi. If
I'm rolling this out, I'm sending a
bunch of them to California to to the
cities where I have my engineering teams
there. And and Tesla can do this
remotely, too. And I'm gathering all
kinds of data. Uh I want to give tens of
thousands of rides if possible. And I
don't want a single doorstick. I don't
There's certain things that just can't
happen. Um, and you wanna you want you
you have the opportunity. You're you're
you're not selling these to people.
You're selling them to yourselves. So, I
can see Tesla distributing many hundreds
of the first hundreds if not a thousand
and and really getting to that number
very quickly with Tesla employees or a
small, you know, internal user trial
group that have Tesla named external
folks and just making sure that they get
all this data and they haven't missed
anything.
um in the process. So, I think it's
imminent with with CyberCap.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I I'm going to say three months or
longer because I still I still think
this is such a brand new vehicle and
FSD's not been tested in it as much as
the Model Y. And uh and you know, like
the very first time this robo, it's a
new form factor. It's going to be the
iconic form factor for representing
Tesla's robo taxis. It's got to be
perfect. You you cannot have a image of
this thing crashed or stuck or something
and happen it just be it'll embed in
people's minds that is the cyber cap you
know I mean it's very critical the brand
all right let's uh move on this is
unsupervised robo taxis that is what we
just discussed now what happens to um in
April what were your feelings guys I
mean I went through my list of the
things that was accomplished and things
that weren't accomplished did you guys
feel that April was pumped up as
becoming the month everything was
supposed to happen and then uh did you
feel like it was it delivered it did not
deliver I mean a bit yes because we were
expecting the roadster on the 1 of April
right that was the date he initially
said at the shareholder meeting for the
for the roadster that's been delayed by
a couple of weeks not that it matters
you know once we will have the roadster
presentation nobody will even remember
what month it was
&gt;&gt; but um but it did feel a bit more laggy
It felt like, you know, okay, we need a
couple more weeks there, a couple more
weeks there. But then I always remember
that interview with Los when he
explained how it all worked for the the
cyber truck when he wanted this
completely new form factor, this
completely different truck, gave them
initially 12 months, came to the second
meeting, felt they didn't make any
progress and said, "Okay, now it has to
be six months." So I sometimes have the
feeling that he does the same game with
us when he is when he is in those
earnings calls. now it's suddenly we're
doubling blah blah blah and then the
next earnings call it's okay let's get
back to reality so I think we've all
learned managing our expectations around
that but um it surely was more of a
lagging month I think in in all in all
metrics I mean maybe CERN will prove me
wrong because he's actually following
those metrics much more
&gt;&gt; yeah well let me go through them because
I went I did a show prior to April
saying here's the things that are
supposed to happen And a lot of them
did. The cybercab did start production.
FSE version 14.3 did roll out. FSE
supervised was approved in the
Netherlands. Part of Cortex 2 did come
online. The things that they missed
though was robo roadster was delayed.
Optimus Gen 3 was no longer revealed. X
Money did not go live. And then uh if
you want to call the SpaceX one as well
was one thing that we were waiting for.
So, it's kind of a mixed bag, but I
would say that the big ones happened,
FSD, CyberCab, and FSD Netherlands and
Cortex. The Optimus Gen 3 was just a
delay of the demo. So, okay. X Money and
Roadster
doesn't really affect, you know, it's
not that big of a deal. And then, yeah.
So, you know, but it felt like it it was
a miss because of the earnings call.
Yeah, but I would say it it looks like
they had a pretty good Q1 or leaving Q1
in terms of backlog. The way they
described it, one of their stronger Q1
backlogs
in a couple years. Looks like gross
margins are good across the board. I
know there were some special callouts,
but there some of them are are actually
very constructive like the warranty true
down. That's a it's a good thing. Um, so
I I there's I I think those misses are
misses and especially the you know the
the doubling of the robo taxi fleet
every 90 days that was promised in the
last earnings call like the misses are
misses. I was pleasantly surprised at
the backlog the gross margins
uh in both business. I was un I would
say the other miss is is energy. Um and
and I think they're just kind of saying,
"Hey, it's lumpy." But hopefully we have
a a very big Q2 then as a result uh on
energy and there's nothing there that's
um that's more systemic. So I I am
seeing a lot a lot of demand moving
towards long duration, but I don't know
if there's anything there that that
would say that there's a real um a real
issue with with energy at this point.
It's too early. So, I think it's and I
again the way they positioned the
earnings call, it was certainly
positioned in a way um to not spend a
lot of time on what's going well, but
there are things there are a lot of
things that are going well. Uh so, and
this is I think the only company that
gets analyzed for its performance on a
monthly
on a monthly basis with a CEO that has a
reputation for really putting stretch
targets out there. I I think the thing I
would say is, you know, Herbert, you and
I did a show about expectations last
week and we went through in detail, you
know, what was actually said on the
earnings call. And it's interesting
because I think when we look at what the
Tesla community has expectations,
some of it is not wellounded and what
the company said. Now granted, as as
Jeff just said, Elon has said some
things in the past and and now he's
saying some different things now. So
there is that. I I I grant that. But,
you know, can any of us really name what
month the iPhone was introduced?
Does that matter? Now, I'm sure there's
some people out there that remember
&gt;&gt; he said in January. He did his big
announcement.
&gt;&gt; Ramped in January.
&gt;&gt; Not relevant. Like, if you remember,
that that's cool, but it's not relevant
what month some of these things happen.
What really matters is they get this
right. That they lay the lay the
groundwork and that they can scale
massively at some point. Does anybody
really remember how many iPhones Apple
sold in the first quarter or the first
year? I'm sure some people do, but it's
not really relevant in the same
&gt;&gt; different position though.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. And it's not really relevant
now in terms of how they scale. And Elon
has talked about the ramp being
potentially a double exponential at some
point. And I think we all want to see
kind of more of a linear growth.
Um, and if if we feel like they're not
adding cars to the fleet in any given
month, we see that as a failure and
falling behind, in reality with a double
exponential, it's a very, very slow ramp
in the start and then it's, you know,
you get to this near vertical type
thing. And I think Tesla is building
more towards that kind of roll out. And
so I I think it's important not to get
too discouraged by what may appear to be
a lack of progress. But I think if you
really look at it, if you're not just
counting the number of vehicles, I think
they're making progress on all kinds of
fronts. And I think we just need to give
a company a little bit of grace. And
again, they've they've they've, you
know, put their own foot in their mouth
to some degree in terms of setting
expectations. I I I grant that. But but
going forward now, we want them to make
sure they get this right. And kind of
whatever that takes. And and they're
developing AI software that's never been
developed before. Okay. It's going to
take a while longer. Is that a bad
thing? I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I think there's a lot of
impatience and expectations more linked
to the stock price than to the actual
company performance. People feel like
the stock is stuck somewhere between 360
and 390 and it should be much higher and
it should be now. And they've been
waiting so long and 2026 was supposed to
be the year and now it suddenly looks
like it's not the year. Who knows? Maybe
it may be the year, right? We're end of
April now. So, so this um stock price
related impatience
is really something I hope people could
manage. You know, it's it is always a
volatile stock and you will always have
periods. I always remember when Elon
told us don't do options and there are
people we've had this discussion with
Jeff many times. There are people who
are very well in positions where they
can do options or where they can take
margins. Right? If you can manage your
expectations and your feelings and your
deception and your financial
needs doing margins and options, by all
means do it. But if you do it and then
you get very emotional about it, maybe
you should listen to Elon and think
maybe I don't need those or I do that
with stock that seems to be more linear
and less volatile and less scrutinized
and less I mean today we had Meta going
down. How much was it? 16% at the worst.
&gt;&gt; Right? I don't have the feeling there
are so many people screaming as when
Tesla goes down 3%. Right? It it's just
crazy how this I love my retail
community, but it is a very vocal
community when it doesn't go the way
they want it to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It goes goes both ways. Okay. Uh
wow. Well said everybody. So this is um
Tesla Semi. It did actually the first
semi. So they officially announced that
it is in volume or it's in production
now officially. Great for that. And then
let's go to your slide here.
You said you checked off another
milestone which is the Tesla semi
started production. Do you want to walk
us through what to expect in the coming
months?
&gt;&gt; Can I ask a question on that? Did did I
miss a post? Did they say that? Did they
say start a production or did they just
say first off the high volume line?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. I just think we all
assume that that means starter
production.
&gt;&gt; I think Dan Priestley had a post.
&gt;&gt; He did. Okay. Okay, good.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What was this post?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I saw somewhere from
somebody from Tesla. They said start a
production.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; You want to see those words?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh just double check that if
someone can on what Dan Priestley said,
but um I'm pretty certain I saw that. Um
but going forward, Herbert, the next
thing is just in a few days um May 3rd,
per the counter, now in reality, we may
hit 10 billion FSD miles before then,
but per the counter, it'll clock over 10
billion on May 3rd at some point. Uh
again, this is just kind of a milestone.
It's not a catalyst or an event. It's
it's one of those things, but still it's
significant and we should we should
recognize it. It's a lot of miles,
&gt;&gt; but it's not it's not a big deal as as
you just said, right? This is just Elon
saying, remember when he asked answered
the question, he just said, "Yeah, it's
it's a magnitude thing. It's not a
billion. It's not 100 billion. It's
around 10 billion." And that's where he
came up with the number. So I'm not sure
that we have to this means anything
really but we're in that ballpark of
having enough that we have solved at
least we know for or they even confirm
that safety is not the issue as much
anymore like there's degrees of safety.
So you'll always want to have, you know,
five times safer. Now you want 10 times
safer. Then you want 20 times safer than
an average human. But um safety is not
the real critical issue anymore. And
that's what this was. This was talking
about safety, not these inconvenience
issues that uh you know the other edge
cases that we're trying to solve for
now.
&gt;&gt; That's right. It it's still important.
And by the way, uh, as I run out the
numbers from now to the end of the year,
uh, just with the current counter, the
way it's clicking off without taking
into account growth, we'll be at 16.5
billion by the end of the year. And, uh,
that's that's total miles and in the
city, we'll be at about 6.5 billion. So,
the growth is only going to continue.
It's only going to accelerate. It's
that's a positive thing. Plenty of data
for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then, of course, you know,
future cities. Uh, we don't know exactly
when they're going to roll out in
Phoenix.
U Miami, they're having the F1 there
this weekend. This would have been a
cool weekend to do it. Um maybe they
weren't ready. That's fine. Uh Orlando,
Tampa, uh and Vegas. Well, there's
another F1 event in Las Vegas that's
later in the year. Hopefully, they roll
out in Vegas before that. But anyway,
those are the next five cities on deck,
and that could be at any moment, I
think, for any one of those five. Uh in
my opinion, it's highly likely that the
Florida cities kind of all go at once,
but we'll have to see what they do
there. How do you guys feel about um
they launched Dallas and Houston but
there's only three cars in each and now
we're talking about maybe launching
another but they will just be handful of
cars. Is that you know wouldn't you want
to see Dallas in Houston to at least get
to 20 cars each or some number like that
versus before expanding?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Although again we need to factor in
the other considerations in terms of
just getting the team in place and the
infrastructure and getting everybody
trained up. You know it's easier to do
it with a few cars than than hundreds.
So, it's just a matter of of time, I
think, and just in terms of making sure
all the systems are working properly.
So, you start out with a handful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it could be just like
production. I I actually think the these
the semis are uh first off the line,
maybe not started production, but we'll
see. But it could be just like that.
Just like the cyber cab in February,
there's a first off production unit,
which is you built your high volume
line. You've built you you built out as
much of your you may not have all the
capacity in place and everything perfect
but you can build one unit all the way
through that was February for cyber cab
and then two months later started
production. They can probably do that
for these cities. They can this is Tesla
has to come up with this. This is this
is new. This is not the typical design
gates in the auto auto industry or
electronics industry cuz now you're
you're out of the factory and you're in
the field. So there could be one of
those things of first production rides
given first availability of production
vehicles production ride and then there
could be this this completion of launch
phase when you're either you're at some
sort of service level for uh weight
times or something along those lines or
some number of cars. I think that'll
just differ per city. So yeah, Tesla
probably needs to come up with something
like that. I I don't might to answer
your question. I don't view a two cars
seated in a region as a quote unquote
launch because most people can't get
access to the product.
&gt;&gt; And then on the other side though,
you're okay with them doing two cars
here, two cars here because it's just
part of the process. That's what you
were saying. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's part of the process of just
like, hey, let's get the whole system
working. Let's make sure payments, let's
make sure
&gt;&gt; charging, everything is all
interconnected. And with the fleet
management system they have, then that
that makes sense. I just maybe the it's
not the word launch, it's just it's
first production or something along
those lines and they they call launch
something that's more substantial.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead, sir.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then going forward of course
uh in the remaining uh months this
quarter we've got uh FSD supervised in
China potential approval there. Uh
Israel as well is on deck. Uh Cortex 2
it is.
&gt;&gt; Before you move on, Alexander has a
theory on the China approval, right?
Well, theory is a big word, but the
rumor is that miday, so in just about
two weeks at the presidential visit of
President Trump, Elon may be part of the
convoy and that may be the date where
supervised FSD is officially launched in
China. Do I know more than that? It's
only a rumor. It would be great if that
is the case.
Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be nice. that would
make sense um to time it with that. Uh
Cortex 2, we're seeing that it's it's
already starting up. We're seeing some
of the fans uh spinning already. Whether
at 50% capacity, it's unclear, but we're
we're getting to that point, I think,
where we could say it's running at 50%
capacity.
Um nextG Roadster reveal, well, we don't
know, but hopefully sometime in Q2. Um
and then of course suns setting Model S
next taking down those lines supposed to
happen sometime here in May. Um and
beginning the 1 million Optimus line. Uh
it's not going to be complete until Q.
It's going to take a while. Um but maybe
the first Optimus roll off the line
maybe at the end of Q3, maybe Q4.
Uh Elon talked about on the conference
call the about their the herculean
effort to sunset the SNX line and then
build the Optimus line. U there's a lot
that goes into that.
That's so that's dis Q2 and then we've
got some other items for the rest of the
year. Um so there's a lot on Tesla's
plate and if you look at the company
from a fundamental standpoint and ignore
the stock you would say all these things
are a positive step. They may not all be
catalysts, but they are events and
milestones I think that are important to
track. And and some of the things it's
unclear as as Jeff said, you know, did
did the semi actually have start of
production? That that may not be clear
at this point, but clearly they are
getting closer to that if it did not in
fact occur.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's imminent. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, uh, the other thing,
Herbert, just to close off on milestones
and Q1 is, and it's not like look over
there, but if you look around the auto
industry, and they've all reported now,
there's some big reports that came out
today. I mean, the overall industry is
not doing well, all vehicle types
included, and their EV reporting
uh, from the competition has been
horrific. I think I think Rivian and
Isolation did okay compared to a very uh
low quarter in Q1 of the prior year, but
they're still kind of a low volume niche
company at this point. Wish them the
best. But if you just look at Legacy
Auto and you look at the reporting, it
is I mean it's it's it's been tough out
there uh for them just overall. And then
if you look at it just EV only, it's
atrocious. So, uh, Tesla had a good
quarter there, you know, gaining EV
share, which you'd like to see is them
gaining overall share in many respects,
but I just if you look around the the a
lot of the main Chinese names are
struggling, the Western European names
are struggling. I'm seeing single-digit
gross margins and some of the Western
European companies, I've not accustomed
to seeing that before uh from them. And
of course the legit forward
um just really really
they're really struggling when you when
you look at the both the the metrics and
you look at just where they like okay
you you then you're like okay maybe they
have some big launch or some big vehicle
or they don't but they don't have an FSD
or robo taxi on the horizon. They don't
have any of that. They're still trying
to make EVs and some of them are trying
to make far fewer of them and then they
switched to hybrids which is kind of
this intermediate sugar high where
you're putting in two different power
trains and thinking you're really more
efficient long term when you're not. So
anyway, there's just there is something
to be said. you know, 80 some percent of
Tesla's revenue is still making
automobiles
and and if you talk about that's current
revenue and so if you're going to talk
about the current quarter and current
revenue,
you really have to look across at the
competition. But then again, I think
we've spent an appropriate time looking
ahead, which is where most of Tesla
Tesla's valuation is. Um finally just
again one more thing on the competition
uh figure you know they had a and and
again another more video demos but there
are more and more we're seeing more out
of China as well. We're seeing also in
the US just more and more announcements
and more progress towards production of
humanoids. We don't know exactly how
useful some of these are and what they
can do. But this 2026 does seem like a
convergence year where uh China and some
of the US will will really get several
thousand of these built.
So Tesla really has to stay on track
with with Optimus. I I both the
factories and that started production. I
was surprised to hear July August for
started production. I think you can
think more by the end of the summer
maybe they they they do that. I was
surprised to hear that and that is a
herculean effort to do that changeover.
Um, but I think it's really important
for Tesla to get version three and a
meaningful amount in production. I think
that would I think we'll look back on it
this year and this and this will be the
it'll be we'll be talking a lot more
about robots. We we actually don't talk
a lot about Optimus if you think about
over the last couple months,
&gt;&gt; six months. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I agree. And and I don't think any of us
object to the argument that not showing
is safer just because there are so many
copycats out there. I think that we can
all relate to that. This is a
competitive market especially from
China. Things look alike. They may not
function the same way but you can create
this illusion of alikes and the less you
talk and show the better the better off
you are probably. And in our all
interest,
&gt;&gt; the only push back I I would have on
that is you can put clothes on the robot
and you could hide a lot.
&gt;&gt; That is true. That is true. I I actually
would like to be the stylist.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm volunteering. No money, no
whatsoever. But I tell you, I'm going to
dress the guy or girl. You have never
seen anything like it.
&gt;&gt; Fabulous. you if you can get a hold of
one even if the uh you know like not
even the functional one but you can then
just every day dress it up every day
&gt;&gt; like you do
&gt;&gt; so well if you think about priorities
though you think about like you could
have some big shareholder votes coming
up and like oh where's Alexander oh
she's uh she's dressing optimist up in
overalls don't bother her
&gt;&gt; it's a pink day today or
My guess those priorities may may change
pretty quickly.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. Oh my god. I just said that
to somebody. I'm, as you know, the next
three sessions I'm out, Herbert, because
we're going and I think we're well
deservedly.
Exactly. And and I'm I'm telling the
whole family, don't bother us. We're
just flying there. We're sitting in the
hotel, going to the restaurant. We're
doing nothing else. And then Michelle
said this morning, you just wait while
Tesla is baking. There is always
something when I think I can relax for a
couple of weeks. Wait, you think you're
going to come online? Just go offline if
you're trying.
&gt;&gt; If I come online, Herbert, I come online
on your channel. That's for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'd very appreciate it because
you're on vacation member. I did the
same thing when I was on vacation. If
there's something important, we got to
get online.
&gt;&gt; We got to jump on it. Before you move
on, could you allow me to address the
two SEC filings we got today?
&gt;&gt; Let's do that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, um, there was one which is a 13G
from Vanguard. So 13 G's are when you
own more than 5% of a stock. So Vanguard
obviously always owned more than 5%. Now
we have two numbers to calculate these
X%. One is obviously number of shares
they have divided by the total number of
shares. Now, total number of shares, as
everybody here can already attest, is a
a real headache. And I get back to this
topic all the time, and I won't get in
depth here, but Vanguard considered the
total outstanding share count to be 3.75
billion, which means it includes the
restricted shares from 2018, the new
package that they just did, and the 2025
restricted shares. So, everything is in
there. And so
even if their number wouldn't have
changed, the percentage would change
just because the denominator is now
bigger. Okay? But their number changed.
They went from 250 million shares to
210. Now just wait for the FUT machine
because it just came out an hour ago of
the press telling us that Vanguard sold
40 million shares, which is not true.
Vanguard restructured their operations
into two different distinct companies.
The one that is holding a lot of them
still has more than 5%. That was the one
reporting. But the smaller unit didn't
report today though. They are the ones
holding the 40 million. So in some they
still have the same number. Just no
panic. Ignore anything that comes from
that side. It's just because Vanguard
split its operation in two different
units. That's the first one. The second
is we are now end of April. Why is that
important? Because in normal US
corporate world there are now in May and
June annual shareholder meetings. And so
there is a rule that if you have not
filed a proxy,
you have to file at least on certain
parts of what usually appears in the
proxy something on the 30th of April so
that investors don't have to wait until
you finally organize your uh annual
shareholder meeting. And that is what's
happening now. Do remember in 2025 we
had it in November. It may this year be
November. It may be whenever we have no
idea. There may be a new special
committee. What do we know? The only
thing we do know it's not in June
because they're not ready. So what they
had to do is file today, 30th of April.
So there are lots of little nuggets in
it. It just came out. I haven't read it
yet. I I scrolled through it. Lots of
things we know. But in in these they're
called 10ka. They're usually really nice
little bitsies that are interesting.
It's the salaries of the executives.
It's the options they now hold it. It's
lots of stuff. It is also how much Elon
pledged of his shares, you know, as
guarantees for other things. I think
that went down significantly by about
20%, but we'll see. That's just my first
glimpse. So, I'll go through all that.
I'm sure CERN goes all through it and
and maybe some of you as well. That came
out. It's an interesting document to
read. 10Ka. Look for that. ignore the
vanguard one because that's just
confusing and doesn't have any value.
But the 10ka is something you should
order.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Alexandra. This is
valuable information that you keep us a
breast of. Thank you. It's only going to
get busier, isn't it, as the months go
along as we get closer to a potential
SpaceX IPO. Um, talking about SpaceX,
this is something that just came out a
couple days ago. And apparently, so in
January, it turns out, right, because uh
I think SpaceX is doing a road show now.
And so this information came out that in
January the board approved a CEO
performance award for Elon. And it's
crazy. It is like is it it's even
crazier than what they're expecting him
to do for Tesla. First, in order for him
to make any money, there's obviously
milestones. The ultimate milestone is to
hit the SpaceX market cap to 7.5
trillion. But oh my god, one of his
milestones is to build a 1 million
person Mars colony.
That may not even happen in his
lifetime. Why would you put that there?
It's incredible. We already knew that
there's a dual class shares there and he
gets super voting shares 10x power 10
to1. But uh his rewards build to 100
terowatts of compute in space. Uh there
is 60 uh 60 million of shares he gets
restricted shares if he hits these 100
terowatts of space or that's equivalent
to 100,0001 gawatt nuclear reactors.
I don't know, man. I don't know. If you
guys take a look at this, it's crazy
this this uh it's even just I don't know
how he's going to get this.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me address this with a lot of
speculation. I have still not seen the
bylaws of SpaceX. The bylaws and the
certificate of formation in Texas would
give us a clue what happens to these
compensation plans in case of a merger,
acquisition, whatever else in a in a
major change. Okay, if it is in any way
the same than Tesla, the only thing that
matters is the 10x super voting
power of Elon because that means he's in
charge. Um, and we do not have to worry
about institutional funds gaming up 3%.
It's all gone. It's I mean not all gone
gone, but mainly gone. um
the operational milestones, not the
market cap uh milestones in the Tesla
documents could potentially completely
disappear. Right? So these 20 million
vehicles, 10 million active FSD in case
of a merger, they could completely
disappear. The market cap ones would be
adjusted to the new entity. So if the
new entity is just double the same you
know the same they would be doubling or
if there is another ratio they would
apply that ratio. Now will they all
disappear? I don't know but they could.
And now how would you do it? And this is
speculation of my part. If you want
people to swallow the 10x voting power,
which is hefty, which I mean I I'm all
for it, but the normal people
always have the feeling that, oh, I want
my voting power. So, a good way of
selling it is talking about a million
people colony on Mars, a 75.5
trillion market cap of of all these
nuclear power, whatever. um because that
focuses people's mind on the operational
side that as I just explained if the
paperwork is the same then Tesla's may
disappear while the 10x voting power
will not disappear. Okay. So it could
just be a screen
&gt;&gt; which is a nice screen because I think
he believes all that and he wants to do
all that but is it really attainable?
Will they are they written in stone?
They are not written in stone if the
paperwork of SpaceX looks the same way
it looks for Tesla. That's what I'm
trying to say.
&gt;&gt; So are so first of all it is interesting
that it's a 7.5 trillion market cap is
the goal for SpaceX and and Tesla was
8.5 trillion. They're equal sized of his
goal to take the two companies. Has that
been done in purpose? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a nice 16
combined, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a nice number. and two * 2 *
2 * 2.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it would I think it's
bullish actually that Elon has for
shareholders that he has these
aggressive
milestonebased goals that really drive
the maturity and capability of the
company and drives the the sales uh and
what these companies do. I actually
think if you talk to bears and bulls
that it's actually one of the things
that's really they they can both agree
on whether they think that they're lofty
or they're attainable or so forth. The
fact that he's had one of these before
and he attained them early ahead of plan
says that there's this there's this
track record of he's had one of these
before.
He established it goes on TV. People
laugh at it saying there's no way. and
then he does it and he does it early. So
the fact that there's another one of
these that's actually bullish. So I hope
when
things settle and shake out that there's
something similar in place because I
think it's actually very good for
shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Are are you guys both saying that if
they do merge they would then redo a co
performance award for the new entity and
so both of these will go away and then
they'll have to come up with a new one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I'm not even sure that we
would need to revote on them if they are
just, you know, merging them and
adopting the
new prices, the new goals. If it's just
a matter of, let's say it would be seven
and a half and eight and a half and now
the new goal is 16, right? That is just
an easy calculation and doesn't need a
revote. Now, if they would substantially
ch if they let drop stuff, we don't need
to vote either. But if they would
substantially change them, there would
be a revote.
&gt;&gt; Okay? And I've got to run y'all. So, uh,
continue. Have a good rest of the show
and great seeing everyone.
&gt;&gt; Have a good have a good dinner. See you
soon, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; See you.
&gt;&gt; All right. One of the things one of the
things that was missed was um one of the
things that was not done was that money
uh X money that was supposed to happen
and there was all this talk about X
money about to launch and then it's
going to get them to super app with
banking near banking tool near launch
and so far it hasn't. Uh what can you
tell us about that CERN?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. It appears that
they have all uh but eight states uh
approved with their money transmitter
licenses. And some of the states that
are missing are actually pretty
important. Yeah, here's the list of the
states that they have. There's a couple
pages here, but the states that they
don't have are uh Florida,
uh Hawaii,
um Massachusetts, Montana, and then New
Jersey, and New York. New York's a key
one. Washington State and Wisconsin.
So, in theory, they could roll out X
money without those eight, but it would
be severely hindered in its
capabilities. And so, I think at this
point, it probably just makes sense to
wait until they've got all the states
approved and roll it out in the way they
want to roll it out. Um, and I'm
guessing the delay is is a function of
that. Um, I know somebody that's been
through this with another company and
this is just a brutal, painful, long,
drawn out process.
And so I don't know that they get really
much visibility into when the approvals
might come. Um it's just one of those
crazy things that they've been working
on for a long time. It's hard to get
these money transmitter licenses in all
these states.
&gt;&gt; I mean that makes sense. But then why
would you even say that oh it's going to
be coming this month if you have eight
states that haven't given you approval.
That is just
&gt;&gt; well perhaps they they had some
confidence of some visibility but u
whether they do or not I don't know. I'm
not on the inside of this. I I don't
know. Um, so perhaps they had some
confidence about it. Maybe that
confidence was unfounded. Maybe things
are dragging on. Maybe there's another
round of of questions or documents they
need to supply. I'm not sure where the
where it sits with these eight states.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think uh I thought I heard
somebody say, and you're shooting it
down, this idea that they can still
launch its money even with the eight
states not there, but you're saying
doesn't make sense.
&gt;&gt; Well, you could u but I think the
functionality would be limited. Um,
there are some, you know, some
nonregulated things that you can offer
nationwide. Uh, like tipping, for
example. You could tip in any state
without a a money transmission license.
But there's all kinds of other things
that you can't do nationally without
having all the states. Um, so the
question is then, do you want to roll
out X money and you can only do this
that, but you can't do what you really
want to do is send money to somebody in
New York State. You know, that that
might be more frustrating than it's
worth. So why not wait the extra time,
maybe it's a few months, uh to make sure
that everything is in place.
&gt;&gt; I mean, the two big uh features I'm
looking for, of course, is saving. First
of all, I can't do it because it's
Washington state, so I can't I can't
participate, but it would be a savings
rate of uh 6%. That's fantastic. Was it
150,000 you can put in or 250,000? Is it
150,000? Um and then there is the 3%
cash back with your credit card or debit
card. I don't know if it's credit card,
debit card. I mean, both of those don't
require uh payments, but they're just
they're banking
&gt;&gt; that it's banking and you can't do that.
I just went on Grock because at one
moment I followed that a lot and then I
I lost track of it. Uh but I did
remember this. So, New York is the
clearest and most significant one
missing. X had previously applied but
withdrew its application in 2024. So,
that's a year and a half ago. Amid
regulatory scrutiny and opposition from
law makers citing concerns over fitness
and character, it has not been
resubmitted and New York remains a key
barrier for a full nationwide roll out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Suspicious. I mean, if they knew that
since 2024,
&gt;&gt; then they would say we're going to
launch without it.
&gt;&gt; Why would they say two months ago we're
going to launch it? Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, maybe
trying to push New York. Maybe they're
not resubmitting because they know it
would be denied. I I don't know the
theory there, but it's certainly I mean
you cannot launch in the US without the
state of New York. That's impossible. I
&gt;&gt; I would question AI there on that one as
to whether it's been resubmitted.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Possibly rocket has that wrong. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, I mean that one I we
can forgive if they were saying that
this thing was supposed to launch Ax
Money and it doesn't because it's based
on regulation. You can't control it. But
I just thinking that they shouldn't have
uh made the announcements so so brutally
ob uh aloud. Okay. Uh have you guys been
following the trial that's happening
right now? So right now since Monday, I
think we're in the third day. By the
time this show publishes tomorrow, it
would be the fourth day, but Elon and
Sam Alman are, you know, Open AI is
being found. Have you guys been
following along with what's happening?
Yeah, not much lever between the two of
them, but I think really so far Elon has
been stellar in his answering. Um, he
has been very clear when Alman's lawyers
were playing games. He was very
measured but clear on, you know, he
wouldn't get trapped into yes no
questions on topics that needed more
explanation.
Um and and I think he made his point
very clear that if this Oakland judge
because do remember there's a jury but
the final verdict is done by a judge.
They she will of course consider what
the jury came up from but the the the
verdict itself is done by the judge. Um,
so I do believe his pledge to the judge
saying if you allow this non this
nonprofit
to just merge or transcend into a
forprofit,
you will have copycats of this system
all over America. And this is not how
for profit uh how nonprofits should
work. You're you're killing the whole
nonprofit industry in one verdict. if
this is what is going to happen and I
think that is his strongest argument
&gt;&gt; and he they led with it. I think it's
brilliant or not brilliant. It was it's
the main point, right? If you allow a
nonprofit to just decide to switch to a
for-profit and any nonprofit out there
should be able to do something similar
because you've set a precedent. Now
what? Everybody put money into
nonprofits and then the guy decides,
hey, I'm going to become for profofit.
I'm going to take all that money you put
in thinking it was for nonprofit. Now
I'm going to use it for my own salary or
whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. As soon as the product works or
the service works, I'm going to make
money on it now. And that's just not how
it should work. And and
&gt;&gt; I looked a couple of years ago into this
whole nonprofit industry in the United
States. It's been a it's been a while. I
had one of my clients who wanted to set
up a nonprofit. You know, there are
especially in California where this all
happened. There are very clear rules
when you set up a nonprofit
and to be suddenly able and I mean
obviously Alman has the best very good
lawyers to be suddenly able to extract
the assets of the nonprofit and throw it
into the for. I'm actually very
surprised I can tell you that a lot of
institutional investors including ARC
support this because they have
investments in the for-profit. They put
them even in their public ETFs, not just
in the
half closed end funds like the venture
funds. So I'm I'm really surprised that
the only one holding up and trying to
make this right is Elon. Everybody else
just, you know, okay, this is profit.
This is capitalism. This is how it
works. And I'm really proud of him that
he's standing up here. And I mean as
everybody knows he asks for that if what
they're asking for meaning I think it's
130 billion it's not for him it's to go
back into the nonprofit. He wants Altman
and the second person I don't remember
the name
&gt;&gt; to be
exact Brockman to to not be able to work
on this anymore and he wants the the
money to go back into the nonprofit and
continue to work as a nonprofit and uh
and I don't and I mean he he dropped all
personal fraud accusations and all that
because he wants to focus on this key
element and I think he was very wise. I
don't think there would have been, you
know, as much attention. I mean, so many
journalists and they are scrutinizing
every word he's saying. Um, this is the
first week. This can go still in all
directions, but I think he had a very
good first three days.
&gt;&gt; I just wish that they would allow
cameras, video cameras in the courtroom.
Uh, ever since the Johnny Depp trial, I
think we've been lacking courtroom
drama. And I think this this would have
been this would have gone a long way, I
think, to uh
&gt;&gt; we would have been live streaming it
here. movies on this. There will be
movies on this. I can tell you that.
&gt;&gt; We would have been live streaming it. We
would have been like, "Look at it. Look
what he's wearing."
&gt;&gt; I mean, that reminds me, Herbert,
remember the the Delaware Supreme Court?
How good that was to be able to stream
and to comment and to that was a
glorious moment.
&gt;&gt; It was the Delaware Supreme Court
decision was the very first time that I
we were live streaming a court case that
felt like a Super Bowl. It felt like it
was so full of, you know, the offense,
the defense, a a great point, you know,
like a great play and then
it was so exciting.
&gt;&gt; And then the other cool thing that would
be neat is to apply AI to it in real
time and have AI give you the pros and
cons of each side's argument in real
time.
&gt;&gt; How serious,
&gt;&gt; really powerful,
&gt;&gt; whether it was right legally, was it a
real legal point or not? Right. That
would be that's cool. That's cool.
I have to say there are so many good
trial attorneys here in the United
States.
&gt;&gt; You know, I love these. I I I'm just I'm
sitting It's better than any movie. It
it they're really and and I mean Tesla's
lawyer in those Delaware cases which we
won. We're out of the hell. This is it.
But um this is really something. This is
really
&gt;&gt; They were pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So maybe actually if you allow me
while we're talking Delaware I wouldn't
have actually gone there but just
quickly for our YouTube people who don't
follow us as much on on X. So what
happened around the earnings call is
since we are out of Delaware the board
decided to change the stock options of
the 2018 package into restricted stock.
To quickly sum that up, that means that
for 303 million shares for which he has
accomplished between 2018 and 2022 all
these milestones which have been
completely accounted for in Tesla's
books. So there is no delusion happening
now. It's the same 303 but he gets as of
now voting rights, full voting rights.
They vest in January 2028. There's a
precise date. does not need to pay any
taxes before that date. And at that
date, Tesla is doing a deal with him to
well, I imagine for for them to
repurchase stock that they will then
most likely retire, give him the cash
for it, and that way he can have the tax
obligation and does not have to sell all
or even part of it on the open market.
So, they're trying to avoid that selling
on the open market. And in exchange,
Elon accepted that whatever remains then
55% of those he has to hold until 2033.
So overall a perfect scenario for Tesla
shareholders which would stand exactly
as it is in a merger scenario. So don't
worry that doesn't change any on this
one. Um because that compensation
package is now completely sealed and
done for and uh was a really good
maneuver by Kathine Wilson Thompson and
Robin Denhal. Thanks for explaining that
because what did we see on multi mass
media titles and articles on X Elon's
going to sell shares he's about to sell
all these shares now he was awarded
shares it was like no this is stuff that
was already done in the past he can't
sell until 2028 he has to hold it and
then whatever and it's already it's all
taken care of but that's not what you
see on headlines and it's frustrating
but that's what they do and they know
full well they know the whole story but
they will choose choose to just not tell
the whole story in the article
&gt;&gt; because many of the people don't have
the knowledge or don't have the time to
dig into it and so if they see one of
these misleading titles they sell or
they get panicked or whatever else
they're do they're manipulating the
stock it is bad really bad machine
&gt;&gt; okay what were you going to say sir
&gt;&gt; well one thing I was going to say is
when I was looking at sort of the the
courtroom drama uh one thing that really
struck me was that at one point uh Elon
hired
Ilia Sutskyver uh to OpenAI from Google
&gt;&gt; and he was Google's like star AI
employee, right? And that that moment
apparently according to what I read was
when I think it was Larry Page decided
he would never speak to Elon again.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Like this this became this personal
thing between them. And I'm just kind of
shocked that you know here's titans of
industry who are acting almost like
children in some respect. not Elon, but
but Larry Paige, you know, like all is
fair in in business and love and war,
right? Like you're gonna hire the best
employees if they can. And maybe Ilia
thought that actually Open AI was more
interesting for him than being at
Google. Like don't blame the whole thing
on Elon and not talk to Elon anymore
because your star employee left you. Um
maybe that's a sign that maybe something
that Google was doing. And of course,
Elon's concern was that they didn't
really care for humanity so much. Uh,
and so he was worried about that. So
anyway, I just found that really
interesting that that these two guys who
previously had been pretty good friends
and there's been some other issues
between them as well. Um, that suddenly
are not. And that's kind of scary in
some ways because here we are unleashing
this this genie from this bottle that
can't be put back in. Um, I don't know.
I just find that really interesting. Um,
&gt;&gt; I agree. I agree with concern and and
another drama smaller drama you know on
the Mondays they always do juror
selection and so this is in Oakland
right this is in the heart of the
socialist republic of California and uh
uh they the the
Tesla lawyers asked any of the potential
jurors whether they have a positive
neutral or negative perception of Elon
Musk and there were so many that said
negative that they still had to be
chosen just because there wouldn't have
been enough with the neutrals and the
positives. That's the world we live in.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; okay. Uh let's go to quickfire
questions. Um I'm going to ask you guys
two questions that I was asked by my
friends who aren't, you know, not
following Tesla, but they know that I do
or Elon. So see how you would answer it
if you were asked these questions by
your friends. Uh so the first one is
what is your guess on Elon's mood these
days?
&gt;&gt; My answer would be this is an irrelevant
question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That Elon's mood is not reflective of
Elon's capability and his work. Um Elon
might find himself in a bit of a funk
from time to time and we saw that I
think on the earnings call with respect
to you know the issues between Tesla and
SpaceX and and making sure shareholders
are taken care of and that kind of
thing. Um Elon gets the job done over
time. Um, I'm not worried about Elon's
mood. I don't think anybody should be
worried about Elon's mood.
&gt;&gt; Completely agree. And who cares? I mean,
would would they ever ask a question
like that about Zuckerberg or about
what's her name? Mari Barara, you know,
it it's just I mean, I understand he's
polarizing. We just talked about it, but
especially if they are not Tesla
investors, what do they care?
&gt;&gt; That that was my answer. Exactly that,
Alexandra. I was like, "Do you even know
the CEO of this company or that company
or that company? Do you care what their
mood is?" Uh, and a mood is very, like,
as you just said, it's like, uh, you see
a snippet and then you think that that's
what it is for the next month. It's like
that's what it was for that hour.
Our own moods change pretty quickly. And
then this one I was asked, what is
Elon's major focus right now? I I have a
feeling that and I don't know I didn't
follow up on this but I think that there
was probably some article written and
somebody read it and then they said oh
Elon's no longer focus it's a specific
question to me was Elon's not focused on
Tesla anymore and I'm like what
he just spent every single weekend
&gt;&gt; working on the AI5 chip he's working on
Terraab which they own you know it's
going to be 5050 he was just you know on
the Tesla earnings call he's focused on
full roboax I I I don't know where they
come up with this that he's not focused
on Tesla anymore.
&gt;&gt; Well, typically it's the same frustrated
stock investors, right? The stock
investors, we had that a lot after the
earnings call. Remember uh initially
when we had the debt the the the stock
appreciated, Elon started speaking, he
mentioned the 25 billion down it went 3%
I recall today meta 16%. Um, and then
you know when frustrated people need to
express themselves, one of their first
thing, oh, he's concentrating on SpaceX.
Oh, he's concentrating on the law case
against Alman. Oh, he's not looking
after Tesla. You've got to be kidding.
Now, one one argument I hear rarely
people make is I'm not saying Elon is
the best finisher, polisher of products,
right? I do believe at one point he
gives it to his team. there's only you
know there are critical phases of a
product or service he's completely
involved and then when it gets to now
&gt;&gt; finishing and polishing it it goes to
the teams because he moves on already to
three other projects which are all
within Tesla and you're right you to
mention the chips the optimus and so
many other things right so
because they have the feeling it's not
finished and polished and Elon is on
other things
this mis
interpretation can happen. But if you
understand the future of Tesla, if you
understand the milestones that are
coming that don't need Elon's daily
involvement and again the second there
is an issue, believe me, he knows it, he
solves it. That's just his his way of
doing. But but having this impression
that he favors one of the it's as if you
would favor one child over another
child. No, no parent does that.
So a lot of this whole narrative comes
from stock price
deception
and these people have to reassess the
time horizon because Tesla needs time.
It can happen. I think we did that a
couple of months ago. CERN the moments
Tesla appreciates are actually very
rare. There is a lot of trading in a
range and then suddenly it goes up and
nobody can time. Nobody understands
whether it happens in three weeks or in
six months or in 12 months. So if you
don't have the nerves for that, this may
not be your stock. And I'm not saying
sell. People then scream at me. Oh, you
always say no. I just, you know,
everybody has to understand
how much tolerance do you have? How how
how long can you hold this stock?
What do you hope for? What are the
milestones you hope for? And do you have
the time and the nerves for that? It's
not so bad and that will liberate many
of the frustrations people have.
&gt;&gt; That's very well said. I think the only
thing I would add is
first of all, think about what Elon is
not focused on. He's not focused on the
stock price. I'm sorry to report to you,
he doesn't care about the stock price
tomorrow or the next day. He's focused
on building the biggest
company, the most successful company,
putting products in the world that
change the world. He's focused on that.
And that means his attention is far far
into the future because everything that
he works on today you and I may see a
year 2 3 four five years from now. And
so if you think about somebody that's as
unique as Elon,
what's his highest and best use? And I
think the challenge is and this is I
think the board's responsibility is to
make sure that Elon is spending the
majority of his time on the highest and
best use. And hopefully he's not being
dragged into stuff, you know, about are
you favoring SpaceX shareholders over
Tesla shareholders and all those kinds
of things. But the
&gt;&gt; pay for the teraf.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, you know, I think ask
ourselves the question too. What would
be we be missing if Elon was not with us
anymore or if he retired?
It's not going to happen.
And and that there's your answer in
terms of what he's focused on. He's
focused on setting the the direction for
the company. And look at the
compensation goals that he has now for
Tesla and SpaceX. There's no other CEO
in the world that would agree to a
compensation plan like that. There is
absolutely no one else in the world that
would do that because if they were, we
would see it. And we have not seen it
from any other company.
So here we have a unique individual
that's focused on bigger than big
picture stuff, longer than long-term
stuff.
leading and guiding these companies and
setting direction and allocating
capital. And he also happens to be a guy
who is in the weeds with his employees
on a daily basis. They were working on
this AI5 chip every Saturday for how
many months?
How many other
&gt;&gt; six months at least? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How many other CEOs can do that?
&gt;&gt; And then not to mention the Friday night
meetings with Optimus that were going on
for who knows how long and probably
still continuing for all I know.
He has an amazing ability to,
you know, content switch to go from one
company to another and work on all these
things in unison. It's it's absolutely
incredible. So Elon's focus is like on
everything and everything like now uh
and he's a unique individual in that
regard. I I can barely do one thing well
at a time and Elon's ability to run
these companies and also the time he
spends on X I don't know how he does it.
I actually think it was a clone of Elon
out there somewhere,
&gt;&gt; you know.
&gt;&gt; But so well said and and that's actually
for me one of the main arguments other
than governance on governance. I can
write you articles to to not end about
you know how important it is that SpaceX
and Tesla merge. But the other good
argument for me and again there are many
good operational arguments and and Larry
and and many other people laid them out
in you and Phil but the the one is that
we have to tone down all the noise
in this relationship SpaceX Tesla that
actually distract Elon. We have to make
it as easy as possible for him to get an
engineer for that and to get a team for
that and put them together and not
think, "Oh my god, how many billable
hours? What's the contract now? How do
we lend this employee to that company?
How do we structure it? How does the
board of one company discuss with the
board of the other company of who pays
the toilet rings? I mean there's crazy
stuff currently happening because it's
not merged and that would all fall you
know in one bucket and this whole noise
would calm down and I think from that
side from the day-to-day noise side it
is utmost important the quicker it
happens the better.
&gt;&gt; Well I just want to add a big point I
think which is you know Tesla and SpaceX
and his other companies are incredibly
well-run. He hires the best of the best.
And then where does he spend his time?
He's already answered this many times
before. He f he he focuses on the fires
or things that are rate limiting
critical block bottlenecks. And that's
why he focused on Optimus. Then he was
focused on AI5 chips. Chips chips chips
has been his brain. I think where he's
focused on now is probably the AI
compute XAI's compute computer to make
sure the XAI itself catches up. And then
of course building out massive
supercomputers and then AI data centers
to have the largest supercomputer with
the largest intelligence. He cannot fail
in AI and that may be where he feels
like he's behind and he's already said
Xi is behind although at the court case
he just said we we caught up. He just he
actually on record saying that he was
behind in open but we feel like we've
caught up but we'll see if he really is
or not. But that's where I think he's
focused his time on. And good thing for
me as a Tesla investor is yeah, AI is
going to help me because it's going to
be Optimus, going to be the bot, it's
going to be the everything. And then
boy, I forgot to mention too, all of his
milestones and compensation is he gets
nothing if he doesn't hit any of those
ridiculous milestones.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean,
&gt;&gt; CEO would agree to that, right? I get
nothing. I think he gets paid $54,000
for a SpaceX salary and that's it per
year
&gt;&gt; and zero. Zero. And I was having a
comment this week when there was this
shift from stock options to restricted
share. People going, "Oh my god, he has
a payday." No, he has no payday for this
2018 package, right? This is now eight
years ago. He has not seen a penny and
he won't see a penny until 2033. Now 15
years.
&gt;&gt; Crazy. 15 years before you get
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And how much of that he'll pay? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Who does that? Nobody. and then he pays
taxes on it. 45% go out in taxes and the
2025 package is is the same deal. And
I'm sure again we don't know all the
details from SpaceX because we don't
have the same document available. We
will at one point but it is clear to me
that it's not about the money. He wants
voting rights and I'm all for it because
this is the crucial person for these two
companies and he should have all the
voting rights. No fund manager sitting
in a Wall Street uh office should have
sufficient impact on his ability to act.
There's no way around it. And when I
hear people saying, "Oh, but he he once
said, um, you should have a mean to stop
me if I go crazy." Well, you know what?
That's the work of the boards. That is
exactly where I want a board of
directors, which is close enough to him,
his brother, his initial investors, even
friends. I don't mind that dear friends
because they will be the ones telling
him time for a vacation, time to slow
down, time to do those things. Certainly
not because we or state street or
whoever else has voting rights. No, no,
no, no, no.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Last point is uh if he actually
accomplishes his co performance awards
and he actually gets SpaceX's 7.5
trillion and all that and he builds
humano robots, we're going to get closer
to a point where money doesn't matter.
So, by the time he actually gets his
money, his he's a first 10 trillionaire.
Does it really matter? Because we're all
going to be living in Well, let's hope.
Let's knock on wood. It's going to be
lumpy on the way there. I'm not saying
&gt;&gt; he will have been the human that has
helped humanity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. Became a big very big show.
But, uh, yeah. Well, started off with
what happened in April. Thank you
everybody. Thank you, Alexandra. Thank
you, uh, CERN. And thank you, Jeff. See
you soon. Bye everybody. Always a
pleasure.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert. Bye.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.