Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Is Now a $2 Trillion Company
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKzLZsj0Qpk
Published:   2026-06-13 22:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-13 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The SpaceX IPO on Friday lived up to the
hype and was one for the history books.
The stock was priced at $135 and closed
the day up 20% at 161. Currently a $2.1
trillion company. The last time Elon
Musk ran the bell at NASDAQ was in 2010
for Tesla. 16 years later, both Tesla
and SpaceX are now in the top 10 list of
the world's largest companies. We'll
watch Elon's speech at the event. This
IPO was three times the size of Saudi
Aramco's record-breaking debut in 2019.
Having said this, both OpenAI and
Anthropic are expected to have their
outings soon, and they'll both be likely
even bigger. Many big whales not only
bought prior to the IPO, but also bought
during the day. Early SpaceX investor
Gavin Baker of Atradus said that a month
ago, SpaceX did not have a cloud
computing business, but now it's the
fourth largest cloud ahead of Oracle.
Kathy Wood of Arch Invest bought $500
million worth on the open market and she
says they see Starling to now be a $1.6
trillion market. We'll watch both of
these interviews. Finally, Open Iimer
has initiated coverage on SpaceX stock
with an outperform and a $190 price
target. Options trading begins Tuesday.
We got Larry Goldberg here with us
today. He's a serial entrepreneur and
has been an active venture capital
investor for the last decade. Check out
his website, lumicanti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; You must have been very very excited. Uh
I know how much you love SpaceX. You've
been an early investor in SpaceX and now
many of us many people are investors in
SpaceX at this point too. So this is
Elon at NA at the Starbase I think he
was. Um and I'm going to play a little
clip that NASDAQ shared about uh this
IPO. my tremendous honor and privilege
to welcome to NASDAQ the entire SpaceX
team in what stands as the largest
public offering in the history of
capital markets.
Today we make history again. Elon
founded this company to build rockets
and spaceships that will take humans to
Mars, the moon, and even beyond. And
that's what SpaceX is all about is to
take the fiction out of science fiction
and create an exciting, inspiring future
for everyone.
Okay. Well, we will do a show on Gwen
Shotwell. We'll publish that on Monday
morning. But, uh, Larry, what did you
think about this specific IPO that
happened on Friday?
&gt;&gt; Well, I had a great day.
Um it was uh it was everything I'd hoped
for and a little bit more besides. Look,
do you know that it's true that the
actual volume of shares, the number of
shares traded on a first day
&gt;&gt; um was actually
not SpaceX wasn't the winner of that
particular record because Facebook sold
580 million shares
&gt;&gt; versus 518 million change
uh that SpaceX sold. But the value of
the SpaceX stock sold on the day far
exceeded the value of any stock ever
sold anywhere on earth in a day. It was
by far the biggest record of a single
counter being sold in dollar terms uh in
the history of in the history of you
know public exchanges.
Um so there was a massive churn
where a lot of people a lot of
institutions particularly hedge funds
that had been granted shares uh sold
their shares and guess who bought
retail
and those enterprises that wanted the
stock for you know to put into the into
the bank as it were to put into the
vault.
So we have very strong holders now. Uh
we have a very strong market.
We're a very deep market, very broad
market. And the one thing I will say
that is quite remarkable
is the bankers did not design this IPO.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The company designed this IPO.
Elon
and his management team
made all the decisions.
They decided the pricing.
They decided the method
and they decided exactly who was going
to get what. And so that made this this
this offering
so different from anything that has gone
before it. And it was very successful.
So they design rockets and they design
IPOs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anything that SpaceX does is going
to be bestin-class is what you're trying
to say because they have the
best-in-class team and they really think
through what it is that is best for the
company but also the best for the
shareholders. One of the questions I'm
going to ask you later is is this a good
investment and and why SpaceX? Um, there
was of course a lot of negative hatred
for Elon Musk becoming a so-called
trillionaire. A lot of hatred for SpaceX
as in as in like how's this company so
successful when it's it's silly. It's
like a decades away. It's a scam. We'll
we'll talk about that because hey, when
it comes to the stock, I was telling my
family, my wife, that that's fair. Let's
talk about it. You can have an opinion.
Maybe it is a dumb investment. I don't
know. Let's talk about why you think
that's way. But it comes to like you
know hatred for Elon or trillionaire.
Let's that part there. Let's discuss
that a little bit because I need to
understand your thinking there. Here's
Elon and let's listen to what he
actually said at the day of the uh IPO.
&gt;&gt; The aerospace companies they build good
rockets and everything. They they were
simply not pursuing the technology
that's necessary to make life
multilanetary.
uh to
to to make to make Star Trek to make uh
the the exciting science fiction futures
that we've read about real. And that's
what SpaceX is all about. It's to take
the fiction out of science fiction
and create an exciting, inspiring future
for everyone. We want to be able to take
anyone who wants to go to the moon,
anyone who wants to go to Mars or
anywhere in the solar system and maybe
beyond the solar system at some point.
We want to be able to take you there. Uh
not not just not just a few astronauts.
I mean you literally you uh if you watch
whoever you are watching this, SpaceX
wants to be able to take you to the
moon, take you to to Mars, uh and and
ultimately beyond. And um and and I I'm
confident at this point that with the
incredible team that we have here at
SpaceX that we will do that for you.
4,000 of SpaceX employees apparently
have become millionaires or
multi-millionaires, including these
stories we're hearing about welders or
bluecollar workers. It it is it is
fantastic because this company gave
stock options to every employee and uh
they they are the ones that made so much
money. Um thoughts on uh what he said?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, you have to you have to
have been with this company
over the 20 years of its existence to
understand the challenges that they've
actually met
and vested.
You have to listen to the derision
and the cat calls from the bleachers
about the company's plans as it rolled
them out. You have to have listened to
Boeing
telling Congress that the SpaceX should
never be allowed to sell rockets to
NASA.
yet to have listened to congressional
critics lambbased Elon in front of the
congressional committees and on
television
about how badly he runs the company and
how he'll never get rockets into space
and how his rockets blow up. You'd have
to have lived through the tough times,
you know, particularly when they did
have explosions on the ground. you know,
Blue is going Blue Origin's going
through that, right? And they'll they'll
&gt;&gt; they'll they'll conquer that problem.
Um, but but you had to have lived
through it to understand just how these
people feel today.
And you know, it it's so tragic that we
have produced such an incredible
company,
such an extraordinary team. To hear the
pe to hear people making these
uninformed comments, these uninformed
criticisms, it is so disheartening. I
grew up in an age where we really looked
to the skies and thought, you know,
maybe man is going to get up into space.
And you know, I I I reached maturity
when we launched our first man to the
moon. I I mean I remember listening to
Sputnik,
&gt;&gt; family and I sitting around the table
listening to Sputnik going overhead and
thinking about, you know, how America
was going to lose the the the race to to
to the stars to Russia.
So it just boggles my mind that people
can be so destructive, self-destructive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. to society and to the own country
um to talk about such a national
treasure in such der to derise of terms.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh there's so much at
stake, isn't it? And uh aren't you glad
that it's United States and we're not
just talking about, you know, rockets
into space. We're talking about
intelligence, energy, everything that
matters for who's going to be the
superpower. Um, and it's an American
company. So, this is Elon Musk in 2010
when he uh celebrated the IPO of Tesla.
It was actually June of 2010. Exactly 16
years later, here he is. SpaceX IPO, but
SpaceX was actually born ahead of Tesla.
Uh, but of course, for various reasons,
decided not to go IPO quite yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was the Tesla IPO 2010, which
was really the pattern for Elon. He
would run the company and build
absolutely needed public com public
capital and then he would take it uh
public and this is the second time he's
done that and it's the second time he's
a great success he had great success in
2010 I remember it very vividly
uh and you know he was criticized
roundly at that time as well
nothing nothing like criticism he's
getting today but he still got plenty of
criticism
And you know they had a they had a great
they had a great uh introduction to the
um to the public markets at that time
and and you know it's gone
it's gone uphill but with you know great
courage ever since.
&gt;&gt; Today Tesla is now the 10th largest
company in the world being valued at
1.46 46 trillion and after the IPO on
Friday, it is now SpaceX is now worth
$2.1 trillion. It is number seven
already
uh pretty quickly. It just jumps right
up there along with the top 10. So Elon
owns two of the most important companies
on earth. Uh and this is the the 15
largest offer sizes including all
markets. And so $86 billion because it
was 75 but then I think they had the um
blue shoe or uh green shoe green shoe
the ability to uh add another um aotment
if they start the price went up so well
and it did and so they actually I think
raised 86 million x86 billion I'm sorry$
860
&gt;&gt; what what am I saying here
&gt;&gt; 86 billion
&gt;&gt; 86 billion is how much they raised which
is three times almost larger than Saudi
Aramco which was at the time the
largest. I I think this is just
temporary. I think when uh open the
ironic come out uh rumors are they're
going to each raise hundred billion
dollar. So but it still is the current
today. So why why the frenzy is it so
huge? Let's listen to Gavin Baker of a
treatise what he thinks and why he says
it's such an important uh day. I think
we need to take a step back and a month
ago SpaceX did not have a cloud
computing business. Now by some measures
it is the fourth largest cloud ahead of
Oracle and they did that in one month.
Let's let's see what they do in a year.
The uh the owners of landed power are
heavily incented to give it to people
who can energize it first. the seller of
GPUs i.e. Jensen likes to give them to
people who are going to use them. So I
think a really important variable for
SpaceX is how many gigawatts can they
bring on over the next few years because
they are monetizing these gigawatts of
terrestrial compute at a very high rate.
Then when when do we are we re reusing
Starship such that we can put Starlink
V3 satellites up into space enable
direct to sell and then orbital compute
soon after. Uh so I think I think there
is a there's a path here as a as a
public company um with a series of
events and milestones that investors can
use to track the company's progress.
Larry, to what extent do you think that
the public realizes that SpaceX is more
of an AI company than it is anything
else actually and that there is so much
more money to be made in terrestrial
data centers before waiting for uh you
know space-based orbital data centers
and I think that's what Gavin was trying
to say in one month they're now the
fourth largest cloud offering ahead of
Oracle. Imagine when they make
announcements even more in the next
coming uh months.
Well, Gavin is one of the I think
probably the leading
um investor in this space and probably
understands
um data centers better than any other
investor in the world. And uh he
certainly chosen the winner. Actually, I
don't know if you noticed it, but in
those floor shots at SpaceX during the
uh during the ringing of the NASDAQ
bell, Gavin was standing in the audience
amongst the employees.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, and you know, it um it's very
interesting to hear him say it and I
think it's correct. I think that we
don't understand that um it will not be
very long before Tesla uh SpaceX will be
considered the largest terrestrial
supplier of AI compute in the world. I
think they're going to surpass
Amazon and Microsoft and Google uh in
the very near future particularly uh you
know and the reality is that Nvidia
wants to put put chips in the hands of
people who can put them to work as soon
as possible. The last thing Nvidia wants
to do is put chips in a factory that
doesn't work. That is counter to their
mission.
And they know that if they give a chip
to Elon and by the way the very first AI
GPU was ever delivered to Elon by hand
by Jensen.
So, it's almost certain that uh you know
they'll get the chips they need at the
speed they need them
whether or not they'll choose to put
them into the hand put them on on on
rent to um to the Frontier um
um models Frontier model vendors
is an interesting question and it
depends upon how rapidly they scale
their own Grock/Curser
business. It's obvious to me that
they're going to consumate this deal
with Cursor.
&gt;&gt; It's obvious to me that cursor and Brock
are going to meld uh and become a single
product. It's obvious to me that they're
focusing
on the upcoming Vera Rubin uh release.
Um so I I think they have a very clear
plan in mind. Um, but I think they're
going to rent as much compute as they
feel they don't need on conditions that,
you know, they can rent them back should
they need to. So, they're in the pound
seats. They're in the pound seats
because they're the best engineers on
Earth as far as data centers are
concerned. That's what Gavin tells me
and I have to believe him. And and
they're the best at what they do. And so
people are going to rent from them
because they know that they're going to
get the kind of compute they need to
support their systems.
And so I think we're going to see,
you know, the growth of that business
very rapid. And that's very good because
it'll be it'll inform
advance the data center in the sky.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the strategies that's
becoming much more clearer now is that
Tesla builds the data center, they use
it themselves, then they build a second
data center with better chips, they use
that for themselves, and then they rent
out the old ones, and then they move on.
Uh, so there was uh
&gt;&gt; that's not entirely that's not entirely
correct. Remember, their deal with
Google is for the Vera Ruben chips,
&gt;&gt; which is Colossus 2. Yeah. the the
latest ones. Um I think the the latest
news was that Colossus one was supposed
to be used by Tesla, but apparently the
latency wasn't quite as good. Apparently
that that was val uh collaborated
corroborated that it's a true story and
then they then moved to Colossus 2. So
then that's why they were able to rent
out Colossus one to anthropic. But yes
uh and I think we'll we're going to do a
show tomorrow with Gwen Shaw and she
said that
&gt;&gt; you know we will res we will use the spa
the compute that we need when we need it
we will use it as our we will always be
first priority and then maybe rent it
out if we don't need it but we will
always use it first and so I think that
that what your point is true which is
people are now going oh my god look how
much money they're making from renting
they're going to be a cloud computing
company no they are going to be the
leader AI leading AI out there in due
time
&gt;&gt; and it just so happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Don't underestimate the cloud computing
business. The cloud computing business
is incredibly capital efficient.
Incredibly capital efficient. And so
don't underestimate it. Don't think that
they're just going to take up all the
they are going to be a cloud compute
company and only and look at the design
of their satellite
their their um cloud.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the Yeah. Any chip. They were very
clear about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
you know, they're going to make money
coming and they're going to make money
going. They're going to make money on on
the on renting the their engineering
skills because the engineering skills
are better,
&gt;&gt; they're cheaper, and they're faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Google wants to use their TPUs. Go
ahead and use that. You want to use any
of your own, go ahead and use that.
We're going to rent it to you
&gt;&gt; and we're not going to just uh restrict
it to just our chips or whatever. Okay.
Arc Invest very interesting what she
did. Kathy Wood uh she went and started
buying Tesla share SpaceX shares on the
day of on the open market. I mean I'm
sure she had access to the pre-allotment
uh but she bought 3.3 million shares
which is close to $500 million worth of
SpaceX on the day of debut. So, she's
obviously adding up across her four
funds. She needed to have more exposure
to SpaceX and so she bought. Okay. They
did sell some other names of course to
make room for them. And uh this is all
the things she did on that day of June
12th. Um
&gt;&gt; well, she was she's been very restricted
restricted in buying SpaceX shares
because it's a it was a private company.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But now it's a public company. she can
unleash, you know, the Kraken. She can
actually go to her funds and buy with
cash. So very important and and she has
a lot of restricted stock from you know
in various of her funds which she bought
uh you know before the IPO.
&gt;&gt; 500 million. That's a that's a big bet.
That's a decent size bet for a firm. Um,
so the reason, one of the reason
Vanguard bought
&gt;&gt; how much? 5 billion.
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I think it was Black Rockck that's
already announced that they wanted 5
billion worth.
&gt;&gt; They put in an order for 5 billion, but
nobody's talking about what Vanguard
Vanguard didn't announce.
&gt;&gt; I see.
Yeah. Um, did you hear that story about
the Yeah. But you know that they that
the volume of stock yesterday in that
was sold volume of SpaceX stock that was
traded is equal to the entire number of
shares that the company floated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The demand is there.
&gt;&gt; In other words, a hell of a lot of the
institutions that bought also sold.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. Yeah. Uh well, I mean there's
the stories about the Ontario pension
teachers pension fund that they invested
years ago and now they're like
multibillion dollars and tremendous
growth. And I'm sure that they they
should have sold on the day of IPO
because they've been holding for so
long.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's only 16 billion. That's
only 16 billion, but I think there's
their stock is locked up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, uh Kathy would explain.
So, one of the biggest misunderstandings
that people have, especially the star
SpaceX investors, is Starlink is
thinking that, yeah, it's a good
business and they've got 10 million
customers and it's going to grow, but
it's not this massive business. Well,
Kathy Wood came out and she is trying to
explain that one of the things that she
figured out was that um because SpaceX
started building their own phased array
antennas, they will crush the cost curve
and that will unlock markets. And now
the Starlink opportunity used she used
to size it at 34 billion but SpaceX puts
the total address of market at 1.6
trillion. Like that's a multi-magnitude
difference in market size. And she says
this is why like you're not you haven't
seen anything yet. Let's listen.
&gt;&gt; Started modeling out Starlink 5 years
ago or whenever it was. We sized the
opportunity originally, I think, at $34
billion, right? Because we were
interpreting the market, okay, this will
be for rural areas or over the water or
what have you. Now, SpaceX thinks that
this TAM is $1.6
trillion. And it's because it's not just
that. It is really all of
telecommunications and all of the
internet. And it absolutely is possible.
But we weren't thinking that way.
Probably because we were constrained by
what we thought was the possibility of
hardware. Not, you know, we just weren't
thinking in that way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Until Elon showed the way.
&gt;&gt; Well, and and it really does depend upon
at that time a phase array antenna or
the best in the a phase array antenna
that could work cost like $27,000 or
something in that I think it was 27,000.
So kind of the investing in all of the
friction points that allow you to get to
scale. So they built their own phase
array antennas. They you know that
allows for cost to decline which then
opens up both markets you can model and
unexpected market.
&gt;&gt; Isn't that I love this. I love this so
much because it just it's the same thing
you're hearing about Tesla's robo taxi.
People think it's a ride market. Here's
the you know Uber. No, this is
transportation service and here's what
they're shooting for. Here's what's
going to change. You are not
understanding the cost curve, the the
the infrastructure they're building,
everything is so different than just
replicating a Uber.
&gt;&gt; Nobody gets it.
&gt;&gt; You know, they don't they're not getting
it. Even today, even today when he's
done it again and again and again, they
write these incredibly silly,
you know, scientific
uh
papers about why this is impossible. I
mean, I remember this conversation about
the phaser antenna at ARC. I remember it
very well. Um and you know I thought to
myself even
even our don't understand the power
of you know the the cost reduction
possibility. Listen I've got two
Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I've got a Star Mini and I've got a the
Star big big dish and I live in an urban
area with excellent excellent
communications.
But I had these two for each for a very
good reason and each make a big
difference to my life and to my
business. So the the you know people
just don't they just don't understand
it. And if you go to Bastrop, Texas,
which is just outside Austin, I don't
know if I've
&gt;&gt; spoken on your on your channel about
this before,
&gt;&gt; and you see the size of the terminal
factory, the factory that manufactured
these phaser array terminals at Bastrom.
&gt;&gt; It's incredible. I mean, the first time
I thought, I thought, oh my god, this
factory is so huge. It turned out they
doubled the size the next year.
And now that gigantic factory, that
miracle of modern manufacturing, you go
in, they could switch all the lights
off. There are no people walking around
there. There's raw material going in one
end, phase array antennas coming out the
other end. This gigantic factory is
going to end up being the smallest of
four factories they're putting at
Bassroom.
Some of them three times the size of
this gigantic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. in order to manufacture the the
data satellites. So, it's just it's an
incredible
machine. This machine that defines the
future and then drives cost down so that
they can create this future.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is Starlink is going to be the
internet. It's going to replace every
internet. Why? Well, first of all, it
makes sense to go straight to the sky.
But two, uh, the cost. Imagine when
somebody gives you equivalent, you know,
to what you're getting with Xfinity, but
then half the price or even better. What
would you do?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's going to be difficult in, you
know, very dense areas. They're going to
have to partner in very very dense areas
in in most centers, city centers,
&gt;&gt; but but they will find that those
partnerships and they will engineer
those partnerships.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Open has initiated coverage on
SpaceX uh outperform $190 price target
which would make it a 2.5 trillion. We
see SpaceX to leverage terrestrial
compute expertise as a bridge possibly
backup plan to enables key scale and
cost advantage. And again everybody
keeps saying SpaceX is a 5year 10year
kind of thing. Well you've got Starlink
existing that's growing and then you've
got terrestrial compute that is uh that
they're really fast and building and
trying to catch up. We believe SpaceX
will use its expertise in engineering,
manufacturing, space technologies to
grow to the largest communications cloud
AI company in the world in our scenario.
Very large TAM with high barriers to
entry. That's the other thing, isn't it?
Uh, Larry, that SpaceX kind of um is the
only company that can do this at this
point. Maybe China, maybe Blue Origin,
but it's a handful of companies that can
compete in this wide open space. And so
that this is really truly a moat.
You say China. Do you know that China
still hasn't performed one return of a
booster
to planet Earth yet?
That the only other company that's
returned a booster to planet Earth is
Blue Origin. They're 9 years behind
SpaceX. M
&gt;&gt; and people are talking as if you know
all of this is a is a given that all
these other companies are going to
compete and Tesla is now competing with
a rocket that's five six times the size
actually it's 10 times the size now and
and is designed to be 100% reusable
and it it's so hard to put into simple
terms that people can understand just
how far they they lead the market. And
it's not as if they're standing still.
They're still driving at the speed that
that boggles people's minds. I mean,
people talk about they're exploding
rockets. Well, the reason they're
exploding rockets because they want to
wait five years
to find out what's wrong with the
rocket. Look at Blue Origin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 10 years behind Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Uh I mean SpaceX. 10 years behind SpaceX
and they're the ones that supposed to
have been, you know, to go slowly so
that they can fiercely achieve these
goals. Yeah. They blew up their rocket.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's hard.
&gt;&gt; It's very, very hard. And the only way
you get there is to actually push the
frontier. Push the frontier.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So SpaceX um options uh just
to round out the story will come online
it looks like on Tuesday so people can
&gt;&gt; oh it's going to be such a blood bath.
It is going to be such a blood.
&gt;&gt; I mean people are going to go crazy and
you know this is like the old Tesla days
around about the time of the inclusion
into the S&amp;P. People are going to lose a
lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's no doubt it's going to be
very volatile. So this show is not
financial advice. Neither of us are
saying buy SpaceX. Please don't. People
come away going nervous pushing SP. I'm
not. I'm just reporting news. Uh
long-term investors, you can believe in
the long-term SpaceX, but there's a lot
more shorter potential that you should
look at Starlink and terrestrial based
data centers. What I'm I'm suggesting
and then make up your mind if you want
to invest or not what your time horizon
is. Well, all I'm trying to say, all I'm
trying to say is that the volatility
right now is going to be extreme and
buying
&gt;&gt; buying futures buying options,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; can be so dangerous when volatility
reaches these levels. I would I would
just warn everybody, you know, don't
burn your fingers. Keep your fing keep
your fingers in their gloves. Don't burn
your fingers.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Larry. Follow him on
his website at lumisanti.com.
Thanks everybody.