Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Silenced The Critics Again | 10B FSD miles | Robotaxi Expansion | Model Y & 3 Global Lead
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUNAO6E0k5w
Published:   2026-05-04 03:11 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-04 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday. May May the 4th and May the
4th be with you. Good day everyone.
Welcome. Uh let me know my sound is good
and everything else. Hey, what are we
doing here? We're talking about some uh
some great stories. We've got uh over a
dozen to get through as always. If
you're new here, the way it works is we
go through the news and then at the end
you can ask the questions and I will
answer them. Let's get started. Too much
to cover. Uh do you hear how bad Tesla's
doing? So bad no one wants to buy them
anymore. It's true. According to the
dumbest people I know, uh, plug-in sales
are doing okay. Um, EV share with the
big oil spike has been, uh, improving,
but if you look at the world for March
report card, Model Y at number one,
Model 3 at number two, that's insane.
Yes, BYD makes a whole bunch of
different models, tons. Uh, some are
even uh, market specific cars that would
only sell in one place but not in
others. good idea. Uh but in doing so,
they're watering down uh in individual
model sales. What fun. So, what we're
seeing here, and if you were to do this
chart by uh price rather than, you know,
total dollars rather than total units,
it would be even more distorted. Only a
few surprises on this list. Model 3
being so high. That's remarkable. That's
encouraging. Uh but some surprises on
here. Wu Ling, which makes the $5,000
car way down at number 12. Hm,
interesting. And Xiaomi U7, barely
cracking the top 20. The Sous7, not even
on the list. So, their Model 3
competitor, their Model 3 killer, if you
will, and I know you won't because
you're not crazy, doesn't even appear on
the list. But that's just, you know, the
world. The the reality is uh there's a
whole lot of places uh where where
Tesla's really genuinely struggling. For
example, California. Oh man, look at
that. Bestselling cars in California uh
for Q1. Model Y right at the top. Model
3 did not make the top five. Uh but the
fact that you're competing with Camry
and Civics and CRVS, wow, that's
remarkable. Uh, so that's another cool
one to find and to have found,
but uh, not selling so great in Canada,
I'm told. Well, it's about to be. Tesla
starts selling Chinese-made Model 3s in
Canada at the EV's lowest price ever.
What would be a good price for a brand
new Model 3? How would you like 29,000
US? That's for real the price. $ 39,940
Canadian. Now, uh, some people quickly
jumped on this and said, "Yes, that's
that backdoor deal we heard about where
you can import a certain number as long
as the price is low enough." And I
looked at this and said, "$ 39,490.
That's that's too high. It's supposed to
be 35,000."
But it turns out that Tesla actually
read the details and not just the
articles. They looked at the actual bill
itself and what they found is, as this
article will explain, the 35 There we
go. uh federal government said 50% of
the quota would be reserved for cars
with an import price under 35. The
retail price could be higher.
Those qualify for every one of those
Model 3s that sold at 39ish,
40ish,
they can sell an equal number of
Chinese-made Teslas at higher prices.
That's that's how they're doing it. when
we saw that whole bill come into play,
that whole new bit of legislation, that
new bit of trade uh finaglery, what they
found is that uh yeah, Chinese brands
can now come in. They don't have the
infrastructure. They're not set up to do
it. They will need time to get ready.
And in the meantime, you know who likes
to make hay when the sun shines? Little
company out of Austin called Tesla. Uh,
hey, don't know if you heard 10
billion cumulative miles on FSD have
been reached has been set over 10
billion miles. Now, this was the magic
number. This was the magic milestone.
But they only crossed 7 billion on
December 27th, 8 billion February 18th,
a 53-day gap.
And here we are at 10 billion. And we
know most of those miles are personally
driven by David Moss because he is a
madman. He will be at our event in
Moskegan on Jan on June 6th. Come join
us, won't you? Summer meetup hosted by
the Tesla owners club of Michigan. So
yeah, it's going faster and faster.
We're getting it. Bear in mind, it's not
actually a magic number. It is a
guideline.
So we should talk about some robo taxi
stuff. Here's robo taxi tracker. I don't
think I've shown this before. Uh but uh
and of course this is now blocking. So
let me move that. This is uh showing how
many robo taxis are actually out there,
how many miles they're driving, all
that. Uh average weight time at the
moment, it's on here somewhere. What is
it? Uh there's 91 riders. Average fair
five bucks. Average weight is currently
at 20. It had dipped before was 7
minutes when I checked last, but you get
the idea. It's getting bigger and
bigger. It's the wild west. Except there
are laws. Yes, California hits Tesla
cyber cab and robo taxi driverless cars
with a new law that says, "Look, you
can't just whip U-turns in the middle of
the road." Uber. Uh, sorry, Whimo. Uh,
that's something that one police officer
had observed and all he could do is jot
a note and send it to Whimo, which I'm
sure they took very seriously. This
doesn't impose fines like you or I would
get with a traffic ticket, but if there
are enough of these incidents, it could
restrict your future roll out, uh, even
cause a suspension of your driverless
vehicle license, which would mean huge,
huge financial hit for those companies
potentially.
So, that is worth mentioning. Hey, uh
you know that there was this whole thing
with uh Lucid gonna get into the gonna
get into the driverless business with
Uber. Uber doesn't have a way to clean
them. Hertz does. Yahoo Finance truly
living up to its name. Uh shares jumped
22% to a three-month high on Thursday
when they unveiled a new fleet
management subsidiary called Oro mobile
mobility and named Uber as its first
major partner in a push into autonomous
robo taxi and driver ride share
operations strategic partnership. So
that's you know exciting isn't it? Let's
talk about the stock. We should talk
about Tesla real quick. This is how
we're doing. We were up a bit earlier
and now we're not. 5day looking great.
One month looking great. Six month not
as great. Year-to- date one year. And of
course, if we're going to be silly, we
got to include the five-year. Yeah,
that's better. That's more exciting. 72%
over 5 years. I'll take that. Uh, you
know what else? I'll take support. Hey,
if you love these videos, it's not too
late. You can still give it a thumbs up.
Appreciate if you do. Uh, you can also
support me one of the ways listed there.
Appreciate it. Or you can subscribe. And
I haven't checked on this, but I have
reason to believe, I have high
confidence that it doesn't cost anything
and it doesn't hurt. Uh, you can
subscribe. Double check that uh in the
comments if uh if I'm incorrect.
So, on to stock stuff. You know, Yahoo
Finance again living up to their name.
Elon just announced fantastic news to
Nvidia stock investors. Uh most recent
quarterly update was mixed. Company's
topline came short, but earnings were
stronger. Uh but what they really said
was, "Hey, we're going to be buying a
lot of AI."
Yes, we're we're going to substantially
increase our investment in the future.
Expect to see very significant increase
in capital expenditures. A lot of that's
going to go to Nvidia. He continued,
"We're investing in improving our core
technologies. Battery powertrain, AI
software, AI training, chip design,
laying the groundwork. So that means
over the short term Nvidia is going to
be the big winner. Eventually Tesla will
have their own chips presumably make
their own chips. But that means that uh
at least according to Yahoo that uh
Nvidia is the big winner. So let's see
how Nvidia is doing because I'm sure
Yahoo would never lead me astray. It's
down today. If we look at the 5day it's
down. That's not what I was expecting.
If we go to the one month, April 22nd,
this is the day they announced that they
would be buying more chips down the next
day and down since then. You can get
your information from Yahoo, but don't
get your guidance from them is what I'm
saying. You could do worse though. You
could do Jim Kramer. Here's what Jim
Kramer thinks you should do with Tesla
shares. I'll save you the trouble. He's
saying probably pretty much just kind of
buy them, you know, just kind of buy it.
But why? I would buy Tesla. Oh, no. He's
the big thinker. He's real. Which I
agree with. Elon is a big thinker. Who
else is a big thinker? I guess Bezos.
What's that? What's that now? Hard
disagree. Hard disagree. Bezos had big
dreams and ambitions and now he has a
big boat. So, I don't think that's it.
EV magazine's got this great roundup of
the top EV news this week.
MG is now bringing semisold state
batteries to Europe. Cattle is bet uh is
doing more sodium ion. We won't really
get into them in too much depth, but NEO
is betting on its in-house chips. Lot
more companies doing in-house chip
design.
RJ got $43 million last year at Rivian.
What? That's wild.
Hey,
I don't H amazing 373 million in stock
options, 26 million in stock awards, and
uh that's in addition to his $1.1
million salary and his million-doll
bonus. Of course, he got a million-
dollar bonus. Why wouldn't he get a
million dollar bonus? That's mental.
And yeah, so the and the sodium ion
batteries, there is now a customer who
is buying them in sufficient quantity
that it qualifies as mass production. I
would exercise an ounce of caution. When
it comes to the big battery
announcements, I see people who will
read a battery announcement, then flood
to the comments and say, "Look, this new
thing that I just heard about is there.
Clearly Tesla is behind. Clearly
everyone is behind. Why isn't everyone
already doing this?" And there are
reasons. The big one is we got to make
sure it's actually real and works, which
is where 95% of them fall apart. And the
other is that uh it has to be better
enough to justify scrapping what you
already have, which is where the other 4
12% fall apart. The rest are good ideas
that you can work on. So since we're
talking competition, BYD in talks to
take over part of Volkswagen's Dresden
plant. We ain't using it. BYD does that.
They become a domestic manufacturer in
Europe, no longer subject to the
tariffs. It will cost more to
manufacture in Germany. But Germany has
a robust supply chain for automotive
parts, vast experience in automotive
manufacturing. Uh it is, despite what
people who watch too much political
drama might believe, a good place to
build cars. And if you can do that too,
uh they'd considered Spain, but uh it
was attractive because of low
manufacturing costs, uh cheap
electricity, etc. But you know, Germany
won despite being more expensive. May
have won. We should qualify.
If you're looking at strategies, Tesla's
AI bet versus Ford's truck fortress, two
paths to profitability in 2026. Uh,
Bandita did not do what I would consider
good research on this and you will see
why. The two paths are basically we're
going to build a bunch of trucks. Tesla
saying we're going to pivot to something
a little smarter and you can argue if
the strategy is smart or not. Corvette,
robo taxi, Optimus, FSD subscriptions,
Ford's Corvette, F-150, Superduty
Transit, Ford Pro software. Ford Pro
software. Who's buying that? But the
reality is what I see on Corvette is one
is future revenue and one is one-time
sales.
R&amp;D capex Tesla at 1.95 billion
quarterly and Ford at 9 12 to 10 a.5
annual vending
you have to use the same time frame.
Tesla's R&amp;D and capex lower but you can
see what they get done with it. They get
a lot done and even if their R&amp;D was and
capex were higher which I expect they
will be that is just because they're
laying the groundwork for future
products and services. If a cyber cab
can bring in 10, 20, $30,000 a year
versus a one-time sale of five or even
$7,000.
That would be a better product. That's
what I would want to be involved in. Key
vulnerability, battery pack capacity,
not really. AI execution risk,
absolutely. Key vulnerability for Ford
Model E losses, uh,
uh, no, no, that's that's just such a
small part of what they do. Again, the
financial rags are rags for a reason. As
a reminder, we're going to be getting
into the Q&amp;A momentarily. We've got
another five or six stories to go. We've
got a lot to cover. Get your questions
in now. Nissan abandons plans for US EV
plant. Yeah. Yeah. They were going to
spend a half a billion to build all
electric vehicles in Mississippi.
And now they're not. They're going to go
with gas and hybrids to better align
with market conditions, customer demand,
and Nissan's updated strategic
direction. Our direction is we can't
make enough money on EVs. We can't sell
them cheap enough because our products
are not sufficiently compelling for the
price unless we discount them to the
point where it no longer makes sense for
us to sell them. And why would we do the
difficult work of making a compelling
car when there's no motivation to do it?
The motivation could be carrots or
sticks. The US has eliminated both of
those. There is no budget for carrots
nor sticks. Now, if you want to see what
success looks like, GM is set to
introduce their biggest metaphor yet,
the Lyric Hurse. Oh, I love it. Really?
Sure, why not? Professional variant
based on the 2027 Lyric. It's the Lyric
professional vehicle, the Lyric Coach
Builder Funeral Hurse.
I think it's appropriate.
You will be missed. We've got this is
kind of fun. Tesla semi-production line
completed. Now when you say completed in
the context of Tesla, please remember
nothing is ever completed. It will
always change. That's why such little
changes all the time add up to huge
changes over time. And we don't know
exactly how much of this is built in
this building versus the one next door
where the pilot line was taking place.
But hey, doesn't matter. Production line
has been completed.
That means we can begin to start seeing
a ramp. We know that at the ACT uh demo
that was done this week, a new customer
bought 40, ordered 40 of the Tesla
semiis. Great. Now, let's get them out
the door. It's time.
And of course, if you're going to have
the semi, you have to think about
charging.
I can't install a mega charger. Let's
pretend the cost is no object. I can't
get the power to the site. My depot is
not set for mega charging. And mega
chargers are presumably quite expensive.
Well, Tesla has unveiled a new charger
for the Tesla Semi called base charger
designed for overnight truck charging. A
lot of customers do not run 24/7. They
will run daytime or nighttime, but not
both. And in those cases, these 125 kW
chargers can add up to 60% of range in 4
hours. and you know, fill it up
overnight. Deliveries begin in early 27.
Home charging for heavy duty fleets.
Sixmeter cable, continuous output of 150
amps, and it's all included. Everything
you need is inside that stand, the ACDC
converter, so you don't need extra
cabinets. And you can daisy chain up to
three of them together to lower your
cost even further. Of course, then they
are splitting the power, but you know
your use case. Maybe it works for you.
So there you go. And these are going to
be running on MCS2 mega charger uh mega
charging standard
something like megawatt charging
standard 3.2 and that means that they
will have if they have the wrong hole
the wrong port the wrong fixture you
just use an adapter but uh the
communications protocol remains the
same. Uh, which is good because you need
to charge up especially if you've got a
380,000mi
Tesla Model 3 with its original battery,
but the range loss is huge.
Any guesses in your mind? It's lost a
third. It's still at 67% capacity.
Well, that means it went from 240 mi
originally to 158 now. Well, right,
34.2% degradation.
380,000 mi, my friend. 380. Very few
cars live that long. If you've got a gas
or diesel vehicle with 380,000 on it,
there's a good chance you are on your
second motor or second transmission.
But hey, you got your original gas tank.
I guess that counts the same, right? Um
380,000 mi is outrageous. And even if
you're doing getting only 138 miles on
the highway at 68 miles per hour, okay,
that's still a fantastic commuter car
despite having 380,000
miles on it. And you know, this was done
largely with superchar with fast
charging, DC fast charging,
supercharging because the number of
miles per day that were driven would
make it nigh impossible to charge at
home for all of it. Of course, this did
not uh include all of the data we would
like, like the split of home versus
public charging, but that's okay. And
the last story I wanted to get to before
the Q&amp;A, this one's just kind of fun.
Three big, right? Starship. That's how
big it is compared to other See if this
will open for me. It's not not not not
feeling it right now for some reason.
Starship is that much bigger than the
Saturn 5. I did see someone ask, "How
come Saturn 5 and SLS have pointy tips
and the others don't?" It's for the
launch abort system. There's little
rockets in here that can pull that tippy
top capsule away to safety in the event
of catastrophic failure of the booster.
So, uh, that's why this is what it looks
like. When I first saw Starship, if I
had one question for Elon, it would have
been, "What makes you think something
this big can fly?" Saturn 5 took
enormous effort to get it off the
ground. The Soviet N1 never flew
successfully. Is this even possible? And
you want the added weight and
complications of reusability.
Are you sure? You've modeled it. You're
sure? Well, now I know better.
That's where we're at. Should we have a
chat about the comment? Should we check
what's up with those? Going to share
this. And I'm going to turn off the
little ghost so we can do that better.
How is everybody? How you guys doing?
That's that's that's the show. This is
the Q&amp;A. Ask your questions. We've got
uh Happy Star Wars Day. May the fourth
be with you. Uh I thought we're supposed
to put mayo in the sink. Wow, I missed
something. Okay, mayo in the sink. Ah,
Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow.
Uh, good sound. Yes, I apologize for
that. Hopefully, I would leave the
microphone off and you can just enjoy
the smoke show. Uh, afternoon be nice.
Tesla's good. It's hard to imagine my
buying a Model 3 when my Model Y is so
much more versatile. Well, if you don't
need a car, you know, don't get one.
Certainly, nobody wants a Model Y.
There's too many of them, you know. I
don't Yeah, no one's going to buy them.
They sell too many. It's just basic
knowledge, you guys. Camry, my Model 3
is near the same price. Why would anyone
buy a Camry? A lot of people think a
Tesla is just a car. I see a lot of
people every day with their hands on the
wheels, you know, like it's uh 1980.
What are you doing? Why are you driving?
If you don't use FSD,
Tesla's still a better car, but once you
factor in the FSD, it's not in the same
category.
I turned uh into give an early like.
I'll catch Brian's thoughts on the
replay. Over and out for now. Fair.
Uh let's see what uh what if all what if
Walmart
all the Tesla produces a buys all the
Teslas available semi-cybercap optimist
would the stock go up? If Walmart
announced we're going big it would make
news and news makes the stock move even
if the fundamental reality underlying it
doesn't. That's why we saw Herz stock
jump on the news that they were going to
be washing cars. That's weird. That's
not a big money endeavor. That's really
just kind of a distracting hassle, but
it made the stock go up because it was
in the news. 1432 will soon go wide.
It's already over 40% of the fleets got
it of the eligible fleet. So yeah,
uh due to 10 billion miles, we don't
know what the catalysts are. And I don't
know if they know, but how about
driverless high-speed chase? A robo
chase? I'll settle I'll settle for robot
racing. Lucid, more like ludicrous
hurts, donut. Mhm. Uber reports on
Wednesday.
Uh, I don't
care what Uber does. They are
a dead man walking unless they can find
a way to get into autonomy and cheap.
They need to also do it cheap. There's
the problem of they're partnering with
just everyone. Anyone who says they can
make an autonomous vehicle, they're
like, "We're in. We're in. We don't know
what it is, but we're in because we're
desperate and we know it." And I
wouldn't
I don't have any confidence in Uber as a
company. Haven't for years. I've seen
too many of their giant failures in
action in markets uh mostly outside the
US, not as much within.
Poker channel fully supports Brian
spiritually. Appreciate that. Hope can
do a more consistent job with their new
venture than they did with EVs. Yeah,
Kramer just likes to yell at things.
Louder is not always smarter. I think
that's uh his motto is that louder must
I must be the smartest. I'm so loud.
Or Uber purchased 35 of their own robo
taxi fleet made with Nvidia, Neuro and
Lucid, fully autonomous. They're not
fully autonomous. Nvidia does not have a
fully autonomous system. Nvidia sells
tools and you have to figure out how to
use those tools. That'd be like a
someone who builds houses saying, "Look
at all the tools I bought." Great. build
the house. And uh Uber does not have
35,000 robo taxis. Uber has whatever
Whimo has uh but less than that because
Whimo doesn't use them in every market.
Must be nice to be the CEO of Rivian,
right? Uh I also deserve a $1 million
bonus. That would be great. I would that
would be uh that would uh fundamentally
change the quality of the production on
this channel. Whatever happened to that
Donut Labs hype battery, right? I said
I'd cover it again when Q1 ended and
there were no deliveries and I did. No,
there was one delivery, you guys,
internally to our sister company, Verge
Motorcycles. That doesn't count. That
absolutely does not count. And now one
of the principles in the venture is
suing uh Donut Labs for misrepresenting
what the battery is and does. So, uh, to
all the folks who said I was sure,
Brian, you've been right about the
previous hundred of these, but this is
the one where you're wrong. I'm sorry.
It is not. Tesla's positioning itself as
a master powertrain, and all the other
companies will follow thereafter. Maybe.
How many Monopoly sets would we need to
raid to get Brian a million dollar
bonus?
Probably only maybe a hundred.
Drama is so dramatic. Any manufacturer
Tesla's behind reality? No. That's Tesla
passing you for the second time. You've
been lapped. You have been lapped. Yeah,
there are so few cars that are better
than a 2014 Model S. That's not great.
You should be past that by now. You
should be scaring. Love it. You should
be surpassing Tesla's models from 3 to 5
years ago. Um, and very few
manufacturers are well, but Tesla no
longer leads in every category, right?
But nobody leads in every category.
Overall value is the one category I care
about. I have found it. Let's see how
Uber reports on Wednesday and what
they're planning before adding any Tesla
at this point. You may be surprised.
Okay. Hybrids are certainly priced like
they are in the future. Yeah, possibly
time to trim some Tesla. Scotty, what
are you doing? What are you doing? Come
on, man. Uh, let's see. Thoughts on
hardware 3 versus 4 updates recently.
Hardware 4 just got first update since
uh 2026.2 and hardware 3 model wise have
liked three or four updates in the past
two weeks. Did not know that. Therefore,
unable to comment.
Just heard VWZs have 70 to 80% of the
profitability of their ICE vehicles,
which of course means they are
profitable. That's good to hear. That's
what we needed to hear. Europe is not
backing down on their 2035 targets.
Volkswagen must go electric. Uh so they
are doing that in the markets where it
is required. Uh so let's see. Uh
probably not the only legacy automaker
that makes money selling EVs. I saw
someone yesterday claiming that nobody
other than Tesla makes profit on EVs.
And that's simply untrue. uh it used to
be true and then it was mostly true and
now it's less true. There are still
plenty of companies bleeding money,
especially in the US. Internationally,
not so much. In the US, we can't get a
consistent set of rules on what EVs
should be. Makes it really hard for
businesses to plan around that. Uh I'm
worried about FSD. Where's the reaction
time where its reaction time is getting
better? How do I protect the rear end of
my vehicle?
I don't know. That's a good question.
I'm not sure. A lot of people can afford
a car. Cannot afford FST. It's not
because we can that everyone can. Yeah.
And that's true. We have two vehicles in
the household. Only one of them has FSD
because the cost is prohibitive.
Well, don't get coffee, right? I don't
know how many coffees you think I'm
getting at Starbucks every month.
There's not any unless I'm on a road
trip or unless I'm traveling for work.
Should have that chart not by price but
profit. Oh yeah, profit would be
ludicrous to show the profitability
chart by the the the leaderboard by
profit would be would be hilarious is
what it would be. Uh
for for reference, a Model Y has more
profit in it than the Woolling Mini
costs. So if Wooling Minis had a
manufacturing cost of $0, they would
still have less profit than a Model Y
does.
All right, we got to wind this down
here. Any last second ones? Throw them
in. Maybe I'll get to it. Tesla Semi
regen trailer. Ah, it's it's too fiddly.
I've covered it a bunch on the Giga Semi
videos. Um, insurance companies grant a
substantial rebate. We've got to wait
for the numbers to come in. It will
adjust over time. Uh, what about
criticism that Tesla cars are expensive
to repair? All cars are expensive to
repair. All cars. And uh I I'll just get
one that has less things to break.
Let's see. All right, that's good
enough. If you if you can afford
Starbucks, Amazon Prime, Netflix, you
can afford FSD. Uh, okay.
But it's not my job to tell people how
to spend their money. I don't have
Amazon Prime or Netflix. So, uh, guys,
in the comments, what did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of
you. And if you're catching this on the
replay, let me know that. Let me know
you made it to the end. Thank everybody
for hanging out. And everybody else,
like, subscribe, do what you do, and
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots
perhaps in June at the uh summer meetup
in Moskegan, Michigan.