Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Europe Just Triggered Tesla’s Biggest FSD Breakthrough
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhbkWrX8P3I
Published:   2026-05-24 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-24 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I've said it before and I'll say it
again. FSD is not just crazy. It is not
just bonkers, but FSD is nuts. It is
insane. I got Herbert joining me. We're
going to talk about FSD in all the ways
that we do because we've got some big
news this week. We covered it earlier
this week on Herbert's show, but we're
going to dig a little deeper because
that's what we got to do. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
Herbert, I don't know if you can tell,
but I have already had my second coffee
of the day. It is kicking in. It is
wonderful. Got my great big uh Cyberfest
uh thermal mug here. It's great. There
we go. Little bit in focus there.
&gt;&gt; A nice mug.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks to Drake and Ocala for
getting me that a year and a half ago.
So, uh Lithuania making European road
safer one by one. We saw Case Roland
Chap told us, "Hey, uh, Netherlands,
it's coming any day." And then it
happened. He shared this link with me.
He probably shared it with you or you
saw it. But
&gt;&gt; what's going on in Lithuania?
&gt;&gt; Isn't that great? Wonderful. It's a It's
a race, isn't it? Uh, so you've got
Netherlands approving it. But they spent
a year and a half. They had I don't know
how many 150,000 kilometers, I can't
remember now. Some huge number of mile
or kilometers that they used to test
this. They approved it. Now, we're
waiting for the EU formal approval, the
member states. I think there's 28 of
them to vote and that will happen in
June or maybe September. But in the
meantime, you don't have to wait for
that. You are a country you want to get
on this, you can do it right away. And
Lithuania, I can never say the right
word. Lithuania.
&gt;&gt; Lithuania.
&gt;&gt; Lithuania. Thank you. Thank because I'm
copying what you said. Lithuania came
out and said it and and they went
approved it and I'm sure you're about to
report here that Belgium thought that
they were going to be number two or
Greece, I'm sorry, not Belgium, Greece.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; That's the other one I had. Uh the
second Belgium is moving quickly.
Ireland has made some noise. Uh it
appears that Tesla is engaging with all
of these individual country governments
to get them what they need to understand
what they're talking about so they can
approve it. themselves or at least vote
in favor of it when it comes to the
broader vote. Greece applied uh Greece
was planning to be the second uh to
approve the FSD sec uh system after the
Netherlands which approved the use of it
uh recently. Greece will be will be the
second country
&gt;&gt; after the Netherlands. So
&gt;&gt; day late so we'll we'll probably hear
from them this week probably next week
hopefully. Uh so by accepting the type
approval in the Netherlands and this is
what case told us
&gt;&gt; if we can get it approved in the
Netherlands other countries can just
copy paste.
&gt;&gt; Is this a big deal or kind of
&gt;&gt; it's a huge deal? I I think it's a huge
deal because the first one of course is
Netherlands because remember how Europe
was mired in regulation. never thought
that was going to happen and clearly
it's been hugely delayed but they're
here and it's happened. We're now
rolling it out. So Netherlands approves
it. Tiny little country, right? Tiny
little country. Then you got Belgium
come out and the minister there comes
out and says we want to be but there's
two regions in Belgium. The Fleming one
is what she was controlling. She says we
want to do it now. Now they said she
said we're going to do 5,000 kilometers.
We're going to test it out on our roads
just to doubly make sure that it's fine,
but it's only 5,000 km. They'll get that
done soon. The second region came out
and says, "Hey,
we like what you guys are doing. We're
going to do it, too." So, it sounded
like Belgium wants to be approving it as
well. Okay, that will happen soon. You
got Lithuania. Tiny countries say,
"We're doing it." Now, you got Greece.
Maybe you'll get Ireland. This is a
snowball. Uh domino snowball, whatever
term you want to use. It's happening.
What happens now when these guys have
all approved it and you're the country
says, "Nope, not going to happen in my
country." So meanwhile, these guys are
getting taken advantage of. Well, this
is just full self-driving supervised by
the way. This does not mean robo taxi.
This is just safer on the roads, but it
makes your country look like you're a be
you're slow or b you don't care about
safety for for everyone. Now, I don't
know about that part because I don't
know if the public really still
understands how much safer this is. It
is much more of this looking like we're
technology forward than it is that we're
technology backwards. And I would say
that I don't care what the public thinks
about the safety. I care what the people
who've tested it think. And if you've
tested it, you know it's safer. It
wasn't that long ago, Herbert, that the
skeptics, the doubters, the haters, the
critics, and the fudsters would say to
you and to me, FSD will never be a
mainstream product because it's only
been approved for use in one country.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's now 10, I think. Although you
actually clarified it's not 10
countries, it's 10 regions if you
consider Puerto Rico and others. But
yeah, this is it just adds and it
snowballs. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. and it was just the US and then
oh well I mean yeah Canada now I don't
know if you have any experience with FSD
in Canada
&gt;&gt; I do
&gt;&gt; how many kilometers or miles do you
think you've driven in Canada
&gt;&gt; a lot a lot so first of all just for the
audience fun fact I'm probably the very
first person who's ever tested FSE in
Canada ever
&gt;&gt; what happened was FSE beta happened
there was less than 300 people testing
it at the time. I was one of the first
and you had to try to c get your miles
set up and so you're I'm driving all
over Washington state and I got too
close to the Canadian border because I
said I was going to meet my brother
there. Uh at I didn't I wasn't going to
cross because FSE does not work across
the border. But I went too close to the
border. When I went to the supercharger
my whole thing just erased completely
erased.
&gt;&gt; Huh. And then uh because you left the
country
&gt;&gt; I left the country pinged the wrong
tower.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'm the very first person to
drive and I actually did cross the
border by the way. I had to I took the
wrong turn. I crossed the border. Said
hello to the border guard says I'm only
going to go I didn't mean to do this.
&gt;&gt; Loop around.
&gt;&gt; I looped around came back. So I'm the
very first person. Anyways since then of
course I drive to Canada almost once a
month because I've got my family there
certain months especially my mother's
health. I've been going quite often and
so we FSE 100% of the way anywhere in
Vancouver, Canada. Um, no issues at all.
Never once. Because of that, my sister
finally decided she's going to buy a
Model Y as well because she saw that
this car can drive so perfectly well in
Vancouver. So, it works really well in
Canada.
&gt;&gt; And do you still do those just to the
border smuggling runs where you meet and
exchange? Never mind, guys. We have to
fund our channels somehow. I don't know
how you guys do it. Uh mostly I do uh my
funding by method of uh free
subscription which I'll just show you.
You can do that. You can subscribe.
That's that's the paid one. You can do
that too. That's even better. Uh and
then I don't know. I misplaced it. This
is the subscribe one. Yeah, the paid
one's great because it's how I can
afford to do all my silly silly trips.
Uh which are so much fun. Um I do have
one more to share here. This is why
intelligence matters more than sensors.
This by AI driver posted on Wednesday.
The projected path is still moving
forward in this frame with a vehicle
directly ahead. So you can see the route
planning. It's planning to go straight
and along that path. But these boxes
show that it is uh that when the vehicle
cuts across, it didn't change the path.
It just stopped and had to think.
&gt;&gt; That's Zup's intelligence uh or lack
thereof. Uh it is I'm not saying Zuks is
unsafe. I'm saying that it displays a
lack of of thinking. Now you have logged
I'm going to guess
5,000 plus miles on version 14.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, for sure.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to say that you have seen a
number of scenarios where
yesterday the car phantom break. Nope,
that was a black cat. Not even in the
crosswalk. Very irresponsible cat. Uh I
don't think I would have hit the cat,
but I definitely didn't see it before
the car did. I have situations where
people are getting out of their cars and
it will cross the yellow line that to
get to give them a wide birth because
you don't know what they're about to do.
I've had people walk up to a crosswalk,
my car stops, and they go, "Hey, thank
you, robot." And I'm like, "Wasn't me. I
was going to kill you." But, uh, what
kind of gentle, weird, subtle situations
have you encountered where your car
behaved in a way that you just couldn't
believe how good it was?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's everything. Yeah. First of
all, I want to comment that the the
comment that AI driver says is
absolutely right. You want do you want a
smarter brain or do you want better
eyes? And by the way, the most of the uh
accidents zuks and whimo have many
accidents and you you're saying, "Well,
because they had lard, they're supposed
to have less accidents." But no, it
happens. What is the most accidents that
happen? The your car is driving along
and the other car, some human driver
cuts you off. Well, does the lighter see
it? Yes. Does the vision see it? Yes.
But how come the vision decides to slow
down faster because it's got smarter
brain? The LAR can see it but it doesn't
act fast enough. So it's not just you
need to have LAR in order to succeed.
No, you have a have to have a smarter
brain and faster brain as well. Um so
that's Zuk's did not change its plan
planning because it just didn't and by
the way it doesn't know right. It
doesn't know what it is. So you are
you're the first person that told me a a
Whimo or Zuks has never seen a cow
because it doesn't know.
&gt;&gt; It's never seen a moose. It's probably a
cow. A moose because
&gt;&gt; but no, but it doesn't know what it is.
It just sees something and it sees,
okay, there's an object there, but I
don't know what it is. Versus our cars
actually knows what it is that's running
across it. I've seen all sorts of things
happen to my car that's brilliant. Just
this recent one um we were just driving
and my wife was saying she didn't like
the way the Tesla was driving and I'm
like why? Because it's it stopped
because why? There is a car in front who
stopped as well and it's giving space
for people to to still drive through
&gt;&gt; clear the driveway.
&gt;&gt; It's clear to to for cross traffic to
come across that that is the proper
behavior for drivers. You do not go too
close to that. But she didn't know why
the car was stopping because it
understood that this car on this other
side with the left lane was going to
turn in
&gt;&gt; because it this car our cars can
actually immediately see what that other
car is doing even if it's a tiny little
like it's driving to the a couple feet.
You may not notice it, but the car did
and now it knows it's intending to cross
over. So, I better just give it space.
Let it go through. I don't need to get
it's a that car stopped in front of me
anyways, you know. So, it was
brilliantly executed.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And uh the only fun one I've seen
is on the screen. Uh there were two
ducks in the road. The car of course
slowed down for them before going around
them. Uh but I looked at the screen to
see how the ducks were represented. And
uh one of them was a man and the other
was a very small man.
&gt;&gt; And uh and I was like, "Well,
&gt;&gt; it knows what it is. They just don't
have the right uh digital assets to show
it to you.
&gt;&gt; I just thought it was I felt like
rolling the window down and telling them
which of them was the adult. Uh but I
don't think the ducks would have
appreciated it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yesterday in the car, my kids noticed
that the cat crossing the street
appeared to be a a very small dog on the
screen. Like great, close enough. Uh
doesn't matter. Uh just know that it's
an object. And the problem with lidar
versus camera confusion is would you
want to drive a car where the driver is
a committee. And that's what you have
when you have competing inputs is a
committee driving the car. It's not
going to be fast enough. It's not going
to be efficient. And yes, you can jam
endless compute in there to try and
overcome it, but it doesn't change the
fundamental problem. How will you see in
dense fog? I can't. And you know what?
Neither can LAR because it's physical
droplets of water suspended in the air
that light bounces off of. So I don't
know. Well, how will it handle how will
it handle?
&gt;&gt; Swami like over a year and a half, two
years ago on a conference, he said that
uh our FSD can tell you that it's fog.
Understands that it's fog. If you
understand it's fog, I can drive through
it because I know it's fog. I know what
fog is. Versus lidar sees a bl a wall.
It sees a wall. It doesn't know what if
it's a wall or what it is. Just the
pixels are oluded. That's what he's
saying. The difference between an
intelligent brain versus something
that's not intelligent.
&gt;&gt; So I think that's a reasonable place to
wrap it up. FSD is real. It's happening.
The number of subscribers increased last
quarter in paid terms by
170,000. I expect to see that trend
continue. We are seeing more units going
out to more countries. I expect this
year to be a better year than last for
sales, especially in the newest and
emerging markets where Tesla is, to my
surprise, dominating. Leading imports in
Korea and Japan, the number one EV in
Colombia. No, the number one car overall
in Colombia. What a milestone that is.
So, we're still in the first half of the
book, maybe the first third of the book.
The question is, how long is the book? I
don't know. I hope to be here when it
wraps up, unlike uh Game of Thrones,
which is never going to end. So, guys,
uh what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? I don't know. I don't
know. Leave it in them comments below.
Everybody else, like, subscribe, do what
you do. Head over to Herbert's channel,
Brighter with him, and uh find out how
much brighter you can get uh without
adjusting the white balance on your
television. Everyone else, uh stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots when the
coffee wears down. On.