Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Child Labor's a Joke, GM Hires Down, Waymo Slapped w/ Divorce Papers, & MORE  -  Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TrY_-SPf-A
Published:   2026-07-27 15:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-27 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday, July 27th. It is time for
the weekly news roundup. And have we got
a bunch? Child labor with Tesla. That
doesn't sound right. It's a joke. Trust
me. We've got some amazing FSD news. The
Cannonball news. All that good stuff.
Yeah. We're going to start with
Cannonball. Uh for those who don't know,
I go through about 20 news stories as
quick as I can. And then we get you all
caught up to speed and have a quick
chat, a Q&amp;A in the comments below. Uh,
so stick around for that. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza. So, what are we
doing? Well, first I'm asking, how is
everybody? And has the weather calmed
down where you are? What's the weather?
Let's do that. So, let's chat about
David Moss, the madman himself. I had
him on for a video recently and before
that as well. We did it. A new fastest
autonomous cannonball run record has
been set tonight. We left the Red Paul
garage in Manhattan at precisely 12:38
a.m. and arrived just uh two uh 2 hours
uh what is that? 2 days 40 minutes and
18 seconds. 18 minutes. So what are we
doing? Zero disengagements. 100%
cannonball. Zero disengagements.
2800 miles. They beat the record. That's
it. By 2 hours and 40 minutes. 2 hours
and 40 minutes faster. That's like 5%
faster. They did it in 47 hours, 15
minutes, and 39 seconds. Boom. How do
you beat that? Well, I don't know. I
don't know if it can be beat. That's up
to you guys to figure out. Congrats to
the team. What a stressful bunch of
driving. Nah, humans weren't in charge.
Good stuff all around. Tesla FSD will be
able to remember interventions and
driver habits. Oh. Oh, you're putting
the AI in the car. They've confirmed
that it is officially transitioning from
a general one-sizefits-all driving
solution to a truly personalized one. Up
until now, they all behave the same. If
your car uh takes a wrong turn, my car
will take a wrong turn. That can now
change. Uh, if you've got something very
particular your driveway, it won't
necessarily put you in my parking spot
to use my charger unless you tell it to.
Upcoming releases will expect that.
That's what we've wanted to hear
for a while. Uh, it confirms Tesla's
confirmed that FST is coming to the
semi. We kind of knew that. We've seen
all of the testing equipment, the ground
truthing LAR they put on the roof. Proof
that it's going to have lidar. It's not.
FSD is officially expanding beyond
consumer vehicles and heading to class 8
commercial trucks. During the Q2
earnings call, Elon confirmed it. And we
knew that, but we need it because we
have seen a road death because a driver
fell asleep. Semi-D drivers do that.
Sometimes they're human. Uh, so a death
resulted or two. Not great, but room for
improvement. Tesla unveiled the refresh
semi last fall with an autonomy ready
tag. It laid the groundwork for the
software rollout. Semi could become the
first new vehicle to gain FSD support
since the software rolled out to the
Cybertruck back in 2024.
I mean, that sounds more dramatic than
it is. No shade to Not a Tesla app. I
enjoy Not a Tesla app. If you don't
follow Not a Tesla app, they're great.
Uh they issue uh clickbait. They uh
stick to the facts even when they're
inconvenient. Tesla's [clears throat]
restarting its FSD version 14 light roll
out for hardware 3 with an updated build
that brings a wave of features. Well,
FSD 14 light, I tried it. It's not good
enough, guys. It's the worst it's ever
going to be. It will only get better
and we've already seen that happen. 14
light is a smaller distilled version of
the consumer FSD14 build, which as it
turns out is itself a distilled model of
the software for the cyber cab. Brake
confirmation is now optional.
Destination parking options and user
interface changes
uh and FSD streaks. Uh so you can do
that. On my recent road trip to Los
Angeles, I had two road trip uh streaks
of 500, another of 250, and two of 100.
Guys, the the drive is only so long.
That's most of the drive. And all of my
interventions were parking related.
Mobile app improvements and some other
little things.
Uh, but it's not all sunny in the world
of autonomy.
I'm just making sure we're doing good in
the comments here. Yes, looks like we
are live.
Uh, Uber and Whimo to end exclusivity
arrangement in Atlanta and Austin. Yes,
this is one of the ones teased in the
headline in the title. Uber and Alphabet
will end their exclusivity arrangement
in Atlanta. Look, it's not you, it's me.
I just want to see other riders. The the
change reflects the traction Whimo has
gotten in the robo taxi market. Once you
have enough saturation, you don't need
Uber. And I've been trying to say this
to Uber investors. Uber has structural
problems. The biggest one is they don't
own their assets. Well, we've got all
the drivers. Do you? because they'll
jump ship. A lot of Uber drivers are
Lyft drivers. They'll keep both apps
open and take whichever ride is better.
That's not that's not an an asset. You
don't own the cars. Well, we have all
the customers.
No, you don't. I mean, you have
customers, but you don't have them have
them. You have them for now. You know,
if a place opens up next year selling
better tacos for less money, they have
all the customers. They have all
[clears throat] your customers. Thank
you for opening the door and getting the
market ready for tacos.
The change reflects the traction Whimo's
gotten. It has. For the past 3 years,
Uber and Alphabet have partnered to
bring driverless rides to passengers in
two major US markets. That relationship
is now undergoing some changes. And a
whole Mars catalog said, "You got to get
them off the the Uber app. The Whimo app
is just better. And I only want the car
I want, the experience I want. And uh
Uber just a terrible company all around.
The drivers complain that they don't get
paid well enough and the riders complain
they are charged too much. And there is
a massive disparity between what you pay
and what the driver gets.
This is the big one, guys. Latest Mer
latest [clears throat] Musk merch drop
runs entirely on child labor. What are
we talking about? We're talking about
the bike.
[laughter] I told you it was a joke. I
said it. Tesla's latest two- wheelel
vehicle has no motor and a target market
still mastering walking. The balance
bike for kids. Design designed for
children aged 2 to 5. Features a
lightweight magnesium frame, adjustable
seat, and futuristic design. Can handle
up to 35 kg. Price tag puts it at the
higher end of such devices. Um, although
a manually powered bicycle might be a
surprising choice for Tesla, a company
that made its name selling electric
cars, there is some historical
precedent. And look, uh, ebikes are are
scary and dangerous. They're an easy way
to get real hurt. Ebikes and scooters
can get you a whole lot of momentum that
you may not be prepared for.
[clears throat]
Still, a Tesla fan and their money are
soon parted. How dare you? How dare you?
I resemble that remark.
Um, yeah. Only existing Tesla vehicle
owners are eligible to buy one. Oh, I
mean that's fair, but I think they would
only want one. We spotted one on eBay
that would set a buyer back a cool 1,200
plus shipping would.
It doesn't mean anyone's going to buy
it. It is pretty cool though, you got to
admit.
Not for me. I'm not a child. Not calling
this kid stuff. just saying I wouldn't
fit. Uh, Consumer Reports has some good
news out today. And by today, I mean a
month ago. Oh, looks like six months
ago. This is an old article. Apologies.
At any rate, I'm covering it. Um, Tesla
had broken into the top 10. But what I
wanted to discuss at number nine here is
why is it still so bad and how can it
improve? Well, it's the whole brand. So,
if there are more problems in SNX than
there are in 3 and Y, which I think is
statistically likely, this number can
climb. There's no more SNX in the mix.
Cybertruck continues to improve and the
Y looks to be quite promising. I don't
know why it would have initial quality
concerns, first run car concerns. It is
effectively a Model Y, just a little bit
longer. So, unless you've got like seal
issues, which uh you know could happen.
And this is a the best ranking that
they've had in a long time. They have
historically not been in the top 10. The
fact that Buick's in the top 10 is a bit
weird, but okay. Um, so how's the stock
doing today? This may come as little or
no surprise. Not great. Not great.
Zooming out to the 5day, not great. the
one month,
six month, year to date, one year. Well,
it's only down 5% in the past year.
Interesting. Uh the big earnings report
last week, which I really didn't cover
because I was on the road, uh was, if
you looked at only headlines, the end of
the road for Tesla. I will be discussing
that at greater length this week. It's
not the end of the road. Of course, it
isn't. GM [gasps]
hires Nissan chief marketing officer to
lead GMC and Buick marketing. What a
great idea, said no one ever. Uh that's
the the blind leading the blind is what
that is. Uh and I'm sure that Allison
will will kill it. Uh and not even with
a knife. I'm pretty sure Allison with a
spoon will kill it is how she'll do it.
Uh she's going to be the chief marketing
officer. She came from Nissan. She's got
a great reputation. and she knows how to
build brands that connect people that
connect with people across Nissan,
Infiniti, Mercedes, and Volvo. She's
proven she that bold, creative ideas
paired with discipline, data-driven
execution will bring long-term business
results. Uh, so that's great. Hey, how's
Nissan doing you guys? I mean, this is
the Nissan Wizard here. 2011, 4.8
million. 201 4.9 5.1 in 2013 when she
was not there. 2014 5.3
5.4 oh five 5.6 million 5.8 million 2017
I'm going to jump over [clears throat]
here and see uh let's see uh yeah she
was she joined Nissan in 2023. So that's
where we're going to get really
exciting. 4.8 million 4 3.8 3.3 3.4
So uh she got there in 2023. That year
was slightly up. This year, 2024,
slightly down. Uh, I don't have the 25
and six numbers, but I think you get the
idea. This is a brand that's faltering.
GM can't get enough. Bring her on board,
y'all. GMI's $1 billion Army deal for
10,000 Colorado-based vehicles.
Just waiting waiting for Congress to
sign off on it. Look at how tacticool
that is. you guys. It's a It's based on
a Chevy Silverado [gasps]
kind of. I guess I don't see how I don't
see much overlap, but all right. Uh I
believe I believe that part. Yeah. 700
million in revenue this year and double
profit margins in the next several
years.
Uh, you know, it frustrates me when you
see all those people saying Elon's
gotten this many billions in subsidies,
and they're not subsidies. They're
mostly contracts awarded for being the
lowest bidder. In the case of this one,
it was only Oshkosh and Polaris who also
bid on the project. So, uh, this
particular offering would, uh, surely be
better than those. Oshkosh makes
garbage. Um, and uh, Polaris makes good
stuff, but come on. They don't quite
have the industrial scale that you might
be looking for. What the market isn't
looking for is it's looking like
Cybertruck's the biggest flop in
automotive history. Now, I don't need to
get too deep in the details here, but
this is from Bloomberg and the
Bloomberglers do their thing. It's a
it's a repackage of that. Bloomberg has
a payw wall. they can uh eat their own
tail if they wish to do that. I'm not
going to be part of it. But yeah, it's
the opposite. Cybertruck is the opposite
of easy on the eyes. Depends on your
eyes, my friend. I don't think Gucci is
particularly attractive, but they're
very successful.
Uh the mo most unforgivable in
capitalist society, it hasn't sold well,
and that's the bottom line. If it sells
well, all is forgiven. It doesn't sell
that well. So, yes, it's a flop, but
could it be the greatest flop in
American automotive history? Well,
everyone likes to bring up the Ford
Edel. The Ford Edel sold 200,000 over
two years. Cybertruck has not. So, time
will tell, but uh it's not going great.
I am still hopeful. I made a video
recently about the possibility of it
becoming a cyber SUV and why it could
make sense and why they should do it,
but we'll find out. The biggest thing is
they need to utilize that line to bring
cost down. If they sold a ton of cyber
SUVs, they could bring the cost down on
the Cyber Truck.
For most people, it was just downright
ugly. A journalist and auto historian
told Bloomberg, "I get it. I heard you
the first time. The exterior wasn't only
weird and doomed. Wasn't the only weird
Oh, we're talking about the Edsole now.
And by the way, for those who have
forgotten what the Edsole looks like,
looks like that. I don't know. Apart
from the fact that it looks like it's
making a surprised face, it's not that
bad. Uh, but that wasn't the only reason
it was not doing well. Uh, if you want
to do well, if you want to do well, you
could subscribe. You could do that for
sure. If you subscribe, you look more
like this. That's a fact. That's
something you can't deny. There's a
bunch of ways to support the channel.
So, I should mention why. Why support
the channel? Well, because uh as you
know, I just finished a play. I did a
play this uh year. It was a whole lot of
fun. Last night, we didn't just sell
out. We oversold out. We actually added
eight additional seats, which is weird,
but it was great. And we did record it.
We were allowed. We contacted the
author. We were able to record it. So,
who knows? Maybe I'll have some clips on
Patreon where you can see how I look as
a sheriff. It's fun. But the real reason
is because I get out there. Where did I
lose that? Uh because I get out there. I
I'm going to Nepal next. Nepal is my
next big trip. [snorts] And uh I'm going
to be interviewing all kinds of uh
engineers, people in the EV business,
just like I did last time, but this time
with a stronger reputation, with work I
can point to and say, "This is how my
coverage looks. It's honest. It's fair.
and it's expensive to make. So because
Nepal is over 90% of new sales are
electric,
their hydroelect electric work is
everywhere. It's uh going quite well.
These trips cost money. So and I don't
despite uh what it I don't take money I
don't take money from I've never taken
money from any automobile manufacturer
ever and no governments either. So, to
the one clown who says that, I don't
know, man. Get real. How's SpaceX doing?
Well, well, well, well, well. Not well
is the answer. $11163.
If you were lucky enough to get in
before the IPO, you're down. Yeah. So,
that's not great. I mean, you can see
that it's down about half from its peak.
Let's go to the the full month here. And
we see that it is down 34% [snorts]
35% from that very exciting time. Oh,
here we go. That's the higher one. Uh
that we are down n 90%. Oh,
uh 90 points 44 45%.
Not super exciting.
Uh and SpaceX stock is down 49%. Elon
Musk says that's exactly what investors
should expect. That headline's a little
bit hyperbolic, but uh there is some
reality here. Musk openly warned SpaceX
will miss earnings quarters to fund moon
and Mars bases, prioritizing decades
long returns over short-term profits.
SpaceX broke Wall Street tradition by
reserving a significant IPO allocation
for retail, not just institutions and
hedge funds. The biggest IPO uh often
create the the biggest IPOs often create
the biggest expectations. Wall Street
has a long history of turning marquee
IPOs into can't miss events only for
reality to catch up with them. Facebook
was a good example. When it went public,
a whole lot of folks were not locked up
and they'd been there for so long. They
just wanted some money, baby. So, they
got it. They took it and
Facebook fell from the IPO. If you held,
you did fine. So, this is to me another
uh reality check on people looking to
desperately eager to have SpaceX and
Tesla merge. SpaceX has a mission and
that mission is to get humanity to other
planets. That is going to cost a lot of
money. Tesla investors may not be
looking for 10 years of negative growth,
10 years of losing money. They may not
have the time. they may not have the
interest and if SpaceX is going to
continue to slide for 10 years, they may
want to buy it then. They may want to
wait seven years to buy it. [snorts] And
I still haven't seen a compelling reason
why the companies should merge from a
business from a financial perspective.
And I think it would struggle to get
approval on the Tesla side from
shareholders because now most
shareholders are institutional
shareholders.
I don't know if they're ready to vote
for a merger that would end their
ability to vote. All shareholder votes
would at that point become advisory
because Elon would own overwhelming
control of the merged company. So, it's
tough to say. I have very high hopes for
SpaceX. I'm very excited. I have been
for many, many years. I would have very
much liked to have bought it back when
when it wasn't a trillion2 trillion
dollar company, but that was not
available.
Open AI appears to be missing its sales
goals by a vast margin. I don't know how
far into this you guys want to go. If
this is important, I can discuss it
again later in the week, but I can do
that. Uh, this is hilarious. Uh, oh, is
it? Oh, they're missing sales targets.
Uh, I'm wondering which company will be
the first to have to to have to fold. I
don't think it'll be open AI. I think
they can continue raising money at least
for the next year, but they got to get
they have to be able to sell the tokens
for what the tokens cost. Adds up to a
difficult question for investors. If the
top AI companies, which have burned over
1.6 6 trillion building AI so far can't
even hit open AI's meager projection for
2026. What hope do they have? Well, what
they have is being a niche niche or
niche. You guys, it doesn't matter how I
say it. Someone's going to complain, so
I'm going to goof it on purpose. If
you're a narrowly focused company with a
narrowly focused product and a consumer
base, you understand you stand a chance.
But if you're just making something and
you're not sure how you're going to
monetize it, boy, I don't know. Open AAI
will have to make a lot of history to
justify these numbers. And whether it
can do so is no small matter. According
to their own forecast, advertising is
supposed to make up 36%
of the company's total revenue by 2030.
AI Labs can't make the math work.
Company's 5-year financial story falls
apart. And with it, a major bullet point
justifying one of the largest financial
bubbles in the world. Is it a bubble?
Yes, it is. I'll just help you out
there. Uh, it's 37% of the entire stock
market as of last week. That's that's
bubble territory, my friend. Not
everyone is going to make it. Intel
plans fresh layoffs this time in its
data center group. Is that a crack
forming? Perhaps. Intel told employees
in its data center group that it plans a
fresh round of job cuts follows a major
downsizing. The chipmaker in 24 and 25.
I Oh, a subscription. Look at that. This
is
It didn't have it on there before. This
is a little bit ludicrous. This is uh
hopefully the Tesla partnership can save
them, and I think it can. I think
Intel's on firm footing. [snorts]
Into some lighter news before we get to
the Q&amp;A. Ford's smaller EV pickup
spotted charging at a Tesla Supercharger
for the first time. It will come with a
native KN charging port and an LFP
battery. These are all things I like.
Aiming for about 30,000. If that means
launch is 40,000 and uh that would be
fine. Even if it's 50,000, if consumers
can get this truck for 45,000, I think
it'll be a great success. That 30,000 I
suspect will be five dozen trucks they
sell to one customer just so they can
say they did it. But I that's what they
did with the with the Lightning. They
said 39,000 40,000 then they sold like
eight of them. So yeah, Ford plans to
lose 123,000 per maybe. Maybe maybe uh
but they're not going to undercut their
own pickups so much that all they're
selling is the negative margin ones. We
shall see. Uh it's not impossible to
make it work.
US energy storage gets 500 megawatt
hours plus boost from sodium ion battery
technology. Isn't that something?
California has begun installing sodium
ion batteries. These are here. These are
real. ESS Techch, a non-liththium
battery storage company, has signed a
preliminary agreement with renewable
energy developer Juniper Energy to
potentially deploy at least 500 megawatt
hours. Very exciting. [snorts] So, this
should happen in the next yearish. Um,
and great diversify the battery supply
chain as much as you can. You're going
to benefit from it. [snorts] BYD
launches massive recruitment amid
surging global demand. What? I thought
BM BYD was done. I thought their
accounting shenanigans had gotten them.
No, no. The the accounting shenanigans
waiting 6 months to a year to pay
suppliers was unwound last year. Over a
year ago, the unwinding begun. We saw
one or two quarters of really tough
times for BYD as they paid their back
debts. That's over. There was a law
passed making it uh punishable to pull
those sorts of things in China because
it was hurting too many companies. Their
expansion comes as the company
experiences a significant surge in
international demand. Till April this
year, sales had fallen yearon year for
eight consecutive months thanks to a
rise in overseas sales, high oil prices.
The decline stopped in May. In June,
sales grew by 5% compared to the
previous year. So, you know, they're
doing recruiting. This is what you
expect to see for a company that is
improving their numbers. Uh BYD's most
unhinged supercar hits 62 miles an hour
faster than you can say 62. Oh
1973 horsepower was caught lapping the
Nordleaf wearing canards and a huge
wing. Boy, who built that? Me? Uh I'm
sure it's all it looks like that for a
reason. But uh at the Greenwood Festival
of Speed, the BYD Denza introduced their
new Z supercar. And by the way, BYD has
two supercars. They have two Roadster
type cars, big fast uh expensive cars
that uh are precisely what the Roadster
should be. Roadster may have some goofy
new things, some cold gas thrusters or
vacuum system. We don't know yet because
they won't tell us. And the people who
do know are keeping their mouths very
shut.
So, this is uh exciting. They're
building exciting cars in addition to
the very, very boring ones. And going to
come more stories. I'll just share them
real quick. Morocco secures 114 million
in funding for Africa's first EV battery
factory. Got to localize production. If
you can build them in Africa, build them
in Africa. And this bit of excitement
from Clean Technica. Uh, renewables
provide more than 30% of US electricity.
30%.
That's huge. So, let's get to the Q&amp;A,
shall we? Uh, because we've only got a
few minutes left and I and I really want
to share that. How is everybody? How you
guys doing? How you feeling today?
Early thumbs up. Late thumbs up helped
too. Please do uh give me them thumbs. I
entered 10 puns in a hope in a pun
contest hoping would one of them would
win but no pun intended.
Afternoon folks cannonball run good
Monday morning. Not tempted to try for a
long streak and I like games. Um there's
a way to to hack it.
You if you if it you don't want it to
park in a certain place just let it park
wrong. go into park and then you can
move it yourself and the streak
maintains. So at my house it doesn't
pull quite forward far enough. So I let
it park and then I put it in drive and
move four more feet. Sometimes I just
nudge the accelerator but sometimes I
don't. Uh but I will shatter my streak
when I go to stores because come on, I
want to park where I want to park. So is
Starlink going on the i west trucks? It
must, right? It must. We don't have the
actual answer, but it must. You can put
it inside the fairing. It should be able
to broadcast through the fairing. Any
word on when they start producing the
Roadster? No. No. No. And it's coming up
on its anniversary. That'll be exciting.
Happy 10th next year.
The 2020 Roadster.
And you know what they say, hindsight is
2020. Yeah. Uber has uh the customers
that are willing to pay even the
subsidized that. Yeah, I love tacos.
Long as I don't have to give them my
paycheck each month. H I caught a live
stream. Who shot the sheriff? No one. I
was not shot in my role as the sheriff.
Uber should franchise their software and
infrastructure.
Let people rent their self-driving cars
with all the insurance, cleaning,
maintenance, infra paid for by franchise
fees. They could. But what's the
difference? I mean, I get it. Just
create a little thief within Uber. Uh,
that would be interesting. That's That's
not a bad idea. Okay, maybe just
insurance. Everything else is on the
driver. Well, I mean, have checkboxes.
Do you want us to clean it?
Uh, would you kid us about child labor?
I kid you not.
Uh, you mean the blonde leading the
blonde? Hey, maybe I'm a people person.
I'm a people person watching Nissan die.
Government bailout incognito in regards
to the GM deal. I don't know how many
vehicles it is, but I'm guessing they're
hundreds of thousands of dollars each
because, you know, it's a limited run.
Bring back Dodson. Honestly,
there's nostalgia there. Make a retro
vehicle and call it a Dodson.
Correlation does not equal causation.
Yahoo. They know. They just hope that
you don't. Bloomberg is nothing but musk
hatred. I mean,
it's musk tinted hate muskhatred tinted
coverage. There's real coverage in
there, but those hate tinted glasses are
real dark. Uh, I hope Tesla puts a F350
RIP on the market for them. I don't know
if the market's big enough. They also
said Cybertruck would never be produced
too. So
that's
right up until it entered production.
And even after it entered production, we
saw so many people convinced it was not
going to happen. Anyone who buys Mars or
the moon BS. I got a bridge to sell.
Well, where is it? How much you want?
Uh whatever, flatearther.
Elon isn't selling Mars. He's buying it.
And he's not even doing that. He's just
uh offering offering um to get us there.
Not surprised people of skeptical people
are skeptical about trusting Sam Alman.
He's a real snake. That's what we
learned from the lawsuit. He is not a
good person. The bridge is in Brooklyn.
Are you interested? Um yeah. Yeah. I'll
buy the Brooklyn Bridge from you. SpaceX
is the leader of satellite internet and
orbital delivery of space vehicles and
equipment. Yeah. Mars and the moon are
an additional project, not their main
business. They're expensive is what they
are. Their main business is making
money. Their more expensive business is
the one that is not making money. So,
and it was estimated that only about 8%
of their value is their launch services.
And that makes sense because if you look
at other companies that do launch
services or even I mean look at
aerospace generally all of them combined
probably did not capture the uh same
amount of market share as SpaceX did
briefly shortly after IPO.
Can't wait until I can buy RAM and HD
for my new PC without selling a kidney.
All right. Well, I know a bridge seller
who might be interested in buying your
kidney. Hey all, Mars is impossible.
wake up. Okay. Uh technology will grow
to be like 99% of the market. Dyson
swarms then a Dyson sphere. Decades away
but not centuries. I'm going to go with
not decades. We're young enough some of
us that we will be able to see whether
it happens in decades. But there is no
tangible plan to even begin that today.
That's what they said about reusable
rockets. Well, what they said about
reusable rockets is not that they're
impossible, but that they would be
unfeasible. That the payload reduction
would be so substantial that it would no
longer make sense to do it. And with
their rockets, that was true, but what
if we could get a little bit more output
from those engines? I don't know. I'm
just thinking out loud. And it worked.
So,
engineering has gotten very good. SpaceX
has very good engineers. BYD won't last
because they're built to last maybe
three to four years. Incorrect. I've
driven in BYDs that are older than three
to four years. I've seen them for sale
at used car lots. They're actually quite
nice. Um, traveling around Earth was
impossible, too.
I I mean, I don't I certainly didn't
follow history much before
circumnavigation was possible. If you're
having seal problems, I feel bad for
you, son. And I got 99 problems, but
marine life ain't one.
Good work. Good work. I'm I'm more on
EVs does uh come into our wrong answers
only section on the weekly semi-update
video and provides wonderful wrong
answers. Thank you. Uh like buying a
Pang, a Shiaang. Those are also
shockingly good cars. Uhhuh. Appreciate
you too, Jay. Thank you. Love the
channel. from Vancouver Island. Is Tesla
working on an in-house mapping system
that would rival Google Maps and will
they release it as a competitor? So, I
don't know. Someone asked that recently.
Maybe it was you. It's a great idea.
They have the data. Um, I don't know. I
want updates on Tesla and SpaceX solar.
Where do you think they're at? No
factory? No. Uh, maybe they're building
in New York State. I don't know. I
thought they were building it in Texas.
Um, I will do some research on that and
let you know. Uh, let's see. I assume
Leafbinder left that I'm awesome before
I mention that BYDs are good cars, but
who knows? Uh, living in the past ain't
so healthy. Okay, we're at 34 minutes.
We got to wrap this. Uh, when are we
going to see the latest Optimus?
Within months before the end of the year
is my is my strong confidence.
Satellites in the moon. Uh, for a
magnetosphere. Yeah. Oh, no. I I
understand the challenges of Mars. I
made a video about it. People got really
upset. You know, Mars is horrible. It is
a horrible place. Yeah. There the
radiation will get you. The uh tiny dust
particles which are jagged and stick to
you like nothing else will tear up your
lungs. There's no water. Uh there's no
salmon. I mean, early explorers of the
earth encountered salmon. Oh, I guess I
should have turned that part off. Sorry
about the ghost there. Uh, salmon was
free. There was like food walking around
and swimming around and gold in the
rivers. Mars does not have those things.
You know, a puppy is born every time a
thumbs up is given. You guys, thumb it
up for more puppies. Okay, guys. What
did I miss? What did I misunderstand?
Leave it in the comments below. And
everyone else, like, subscribe, and stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And remember that I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps on the road, perhaps at
10:10, perhaps in Nepal next month, or
in Ethiopia in December. Yeah, I'm doing
all that. Talk to you guys soon.