Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why MicroStrategy Could OUTPERFORM Bitcoin w/ Cern Basher
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mGeWwJS2vw
Published:   2026-05-23 16:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-23 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello everyone. And now we have another
important episode with the great CERN
Basher, one of the best specialists I
ever met on Micro Strategy, the crazy
treasury company that is disrupting the
world and really dividing the
shareholders and investors of the world
into one side thinking this is the
biggest Ponzi scheme ever and the other
side saying this is the biggest genius
in financial engineering that we have
seen in a long time. that creates a
totally new paradigm and we had a great
conversation CERN and I last year that
got a lot of interest was a lot of fun
and we will recap some of the things I
would have happened and that now
actually happened and also discuss AI
and how it relates to Bitcoin and have
some specific micro strategy questions.
So welcome CERN.
&gt;&gt; Hi Joe, good to be back. Yeah this is a
great topic.
&gt;&gt; So that topic is not covered enough and
you're one of the best experts in the
world. I will say on that topic I
haven't seen much other two smart takes
on that other than yours. So and of
course Michael but here here's an
insider advantage.
&gt;&gt; It's it's interesting. There is there is
now a a strategy. It's now called
strategy. There's a strategy community
and it's not unlike Tesla. There's
people with different backgrounds that
are that are contributing to it. But as
you can imagine it's much smaller than
the Tesla community because the Tesla
community is also blessed with people
that love the product the cars. In the
strategies case, you don't have that.
It's just people looking at it from
financial
&gt;&gt; product the preferred. We love Bitcoin.
We love the blockchains.
&gt;&gt; So maybe to get it started, can you give
us just a very quick overview for those
who are new to the topic? Not into
Bitcoin. I hope everyone knows what that
is, but into micro strategy. What's the
core idea here of a treasury company of
the first treasury company? Why not
Bitcoin? Why not just buy Bitcoin? What
is micro strategy and why might it be as
attractive or more attractive than
Bitcoin?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's take Bitcoin out of the
equation. Let's say that you thought the
best asset in the world was gold and you
wanted to acquire as much gold as
possible. How could you do it? Well, you
can do what Strategy did initially was
they sold stock in their company to buy
gold, Bitcoin. They also raised debt to
buy more. And now they've come up with
the latest and greatest financial
innovation and that's these preferred
stocks that now uh one of them in
particular is going to pay a dividend
every two weeks. And by the way, one of
their competitors has now come out with
a similar strategy but paying daily
dividends. This has really gotten out of
hand in terms of how where this is
going. But but why not get paid daily?
Why not, you know, why wait two weeks?
So anyway, they've been on the forefront
of this innovation and creating these
these income securities and one of them
in particular is paying 11 12%. And a
lot of people look at that and say, how
is that sustainable? How can you pay 11
12% on these income securities if
Bitcoin or gold only goes up something
less? This is this is a house of cards
waiting to fall. Well, what they're
missing is that they've got five times
as much collateral as they've issued in
preferred. So, while the preferred is
they're paying 11 and a half, they only
need about 2.4% growth in their Bitcoin
holdings for this to be completely
sustainable. Then you get to the next
point where they say, "Okay, what's
happening here?" Well, what's happening
is they're selling the preferred stock.
They're paying dividends with money that
they get from selling the preferred
stock. And people were like, "This is a
Ponzi scheme. This is the definition of
a Ponzi scheme." Well, it's also the
definition of how an insurance company
operates. Insurance companies sell pre
sell premiums on their policies. Think
about an auto insurance company. And
they are paying off claims with some of
that money that they take in. And if
they get any money left over, then they
get to invest it. This is exactly what
Strategy is doing. They get to invest
that extra money into Bitcoin. Now, as
it stands right now, the amount of
premiums, amount of sales that they're
getting on an average month is much
higher than the amount of dividends
they're paying out. So, it's not as
though they they have to sell all this
money and they're immediately paying out
all in dividends. No, they're actually
putting quite a bit back into into
holding Bitcoin. So, what's different
about this is it's a balance sheet
company. It doesn't need revenue than
earnings to meet these payments. And
what's nice about it is it's introduces
a whole different set of risks and
therefore diversification into a
portfolio. And as an income investor,
it's very appealing because now you've
got something that I think is very
secure and structurally sound that is
paying you a very attractive yield that
you can't get anywhere else or without
taking crazy amounts of risks. Perhaps
the yield on these things is much higher
than what you see on any CD, any money
market fund, any bond, any junk bond.
For the most part, people have put a lot
of money into private credit
investments. They've locked up their
money for for who knows how long. Even
those yields aren't as high as as this.
So, this is becoming a bit of a black
hole now in the in the in the credit
market and starting to suck in more and
more capital. And every month that this
goes on, uh, Strategy has been able to
raise more and more money. Just this
week, they made their sixth largest
Bitcoin purchase they've ever made from
selling STRC, 1.95 billion. It's it's
pretty pretty amazing. I'm sorry, it's
closer. It's actually 2.1 billion.
Sorry. this was their eighth time that
they've invested more than $2 billion in
a single week into Bitcoin.
&gt;&gt; I mean, fundamentally, the whole thesis
of micro strategy and all the preferred
is kind of simple. It's the assumption
we raise money not through that a little
bit through that. We can discuss this in
a second because I think some of that
comes to next year. Some of the convers
we raise money to buy Bitcoin and we pay
everyone for it for giving us that money
and our big bet is in the end Bitcoin
appreciates more than what we pay long
term. That's not true. They have a
problem at some point.
&gt;&gt; And you can do that with any asset by
the way. You could do it with real
estate. You could do it with gold. You
could do it with stocks in theory.
Although there's rules in the US stock
market that kind of preclude this, but
not offshore. You could go to the Cayman
Islands and put the structure in place
and do this basically with any asset you
wanted to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, the thing is by the way
talking about that also our conversation
last year was a little bit an
inspiration but also my own research in
micro strategy. That's the base of the
pioneer bonds. We I launched this and in
Luxmo we now securitizing that and the
it's the mechanism is not as directly
linked like well with micro strategy is
also not directly linked. It's not that
there is like a contractual obligation
to buy Bitcoin. I think they just issued
a preferred.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So it's in a way it's very similar that
our thesis with the Pioneer Bonds was is
similar to Bitcoin but I think even
better. We are basing betting on the age
of AGI. We are betting on the best AGI
stocks from Nvidia to Tesla to Micro
Strategy. funny enough that if you
create a bucket of those and trade them
a little bit that the returns you're
generating will be enormous, right? If
you do it right, like enormous in the
sense of way above treasuries, like
&gt;&gt; um and the problem is and that's similar
to it's it's in a way it's very similar
to the preferred only that our we don't
pay interest. We aim at a certain return
that we don't guarantee, right? Which is
much higher 30%. Um, so we don't
guarantee that you take the risk, but
the design of the entire pioneer reserve
is can we convert these very high
returns and smoothing them out over
time. So maybe Tesla makes 100% one year
and then negative 20 the next year.
Maybe you don't want that. Maybe you
just want 30% every year.
&gt;&gt; And whatever the percentage crash is,
it's very similar to Michael Sailor,
right? He says I pay you 11%. Because my
personal bet is Bitcoin will appreciate
30%. because that's what it did and will
continue doing and then I just get very
rich because I pay you 11 and make 30
you know times whatever 100 million
pretty good but I make what my service
as Micro Strategy or Michael Sailor to
you is I pay you less than I make but
I'm taking the risk I'm converting this
whole volatility situation into stable
yield for you and I think that is
exactly what a lot of beginners don't
understand about investing think that
risk is as important as return. Right?
If you instead of making people a lot of
money just take out the risk, they want
it even more than return. I rather most
people prefer 11% stable than 40% and
then -10 and then 30 that drives them
nuts.
&gt;&gt; And this and this is also what is true
when you look at pension plans,
annuities where you receive a promise to
pay. Again, there's nothing about a
pension plan that is absolutely
guaranteed. If pension plan fails, your
pension can go away. Now, maybe the
government steps in and continues to
make some payments, but it might be a
lower level. So, all these pension plans
that are out there that are underfunded
are have risks even though people see
their monthly income. They all depend on
having enough collateral, enough
securities to support those payments.
That's also the case with annuities,
right? the insurance company takes in
capital, invests the money. If they can
do a good job at that, then the annuity
can continue. And this is effectively
what strategy is doing, but with Bitcoin
instead of traditional investments like
stocks, bonds, and real estate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's it's interesting. Uh I
don't want to make turn this into a
matrix podcast, but it's people are
caught in matrix and they believe there
are risky things in life and there are
safe things in life.
&gt;&gt; Are safe, pensions are safe and Tesla is
risky. And what they don't understand is
there has never been a government that
has not defaulted and except the United
States because they're still around. But
every other government and they will
default too at some point.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; This all can go away because there is no
such thing as safety. There's only
engineering. That's the only thing that
exists risk engineering.
&gt;&gt; And it's just the amount of engineering
being done that creates the illusion of
safety. And when the most illusional
delusional safety thing blows up, that's
where you have the biggest experience of
unsafety, right? When your pension and
your treasuries go to zero, then you
feel really bad, much worse than if your
Tesla stuff go to zero because what
ends? So yeah, I just want everyone to
understand this is all engineered. There
is no such thing. Everything is taking
risks, creating products around it and
try to buffer risk and getting paid for
buffering that risk. Doesn't matter if
you're the government or an insurance
company or Tesla. Even Tesla takes out a
lot of risk. You don't you don't have
risks of Model Y sales going down
because you of the stock. It's all being
translated into stocks. So very
interesting. So I want people to just
get a little more comfortable with this
engineering thing. It's not that might
sailor invented and he's the bad guy by
tricking us. It's like the entire world
runs on that principle. Exactly.
Frederies, are you kidding? Like are you
kidding me? Do you know what these
people do every every day? So it's not
that they are not engineering financial
products.
&gt;&gt; Well, any any bank's financial
engineering, a money market fund is
financial engineering. Any structured
product, any structured note, annuity,
it's all engineered to deliver a certain
return stream and certain risk profile.
This is nothing different. It just so
happens to be done with Bitcoin, which
many believe is the most pristine asset
on the planet, and that's debatable, but
that's fine. But Bitcoin in this case,
the way it's structured currently, only
has to go up 2.4% a year for this to be
sustainable forever at current dividend
rates. In the case of STRC at 11 12%.
So, it's something worth understanding.
It's something that people shouldn't
just dismiss because on the surface, it
seems crazy. If you dig under the layers
a little bit, you'll soon see that it's
in my opinion a very interesting
investment and a nice addition to kind
of the toolkit of investment options,
particularly for people that are looking
to earn income from their assets. Even
if you're a Tesla investor, let's
consider this for a second. You're not
looking for income. You've got your
Tesla stock. You're happy. Okay? And
let's say it's in a brokerage account.
Tesla stock sitting there and you want
it to go up. Awesome. What you can do is
if you have access to margin and if your
margin rate is low enough, let's say you
got a margin rate of 5 a.5%. You could
borrow a little bit on margin and you
could buy FTRC and earn a spread of
about 6%.
Why not, right? You're not putting your
Tesla shares at risk because if
depending on how much you do, if you
took it up to the max, then if Tesla
goes down, you might get a margin call.
Now, in that case, you just sell some
STRC, not your Tesla stock. and CC is is
stabilized the actual price of the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's one issue. When you and
I talked about this back in the summer,
it was a new security. There was a lot
more volatility. And what they've done
now is a couple of things. One is that
they have created a cash reserve. So not
just the billions that they have in
Bitcoin, but they've got 2.25 billion
now in cash that's there to pay
dividends for I think this works out to
the for the last for the next 16 months
there would be enough cash to pay
dividends. Okay. Now, initially the
reserve was higher in terms of the
number of months, but because they've
issued more STRC, the number of months
has come down. At some point, I think we
may see them replenish that cash reserve
to a higher number. So, we get back up
maybe to 18 months at some point. So,
they have cash to cover the next 15 16
months. And if they need to, they could
sell Bitcoin. So, that's that's not not
really an issue. And of course, they
have access to raising more capital all
the time. And so, just last week again,
they raised about $2 billion worth. And
by the way, what happens is when STRC
trades above 100 a share, it could be
strategy that's selling you those
shares. And last week, 57% of all the
transactions above 100 were strategy
selling shares to people, raising more
capital. And that percentage has kind of
been going up over time. What's to keep
the stock from going down? Well, that's
the attractive dividend. That's the 11
12%. If the stock goes down too much,
then it'll it'll yield 12%. And if it
goes down further, it would yield 12 1/2
and 13 and so on. And so that's the
economic incentive to keep the stock
trading at around par. If it goes above,
the company sells more, keeps the price
down. If it goes too low, then that
yield becomes higher and it attracts
more investors. If it's goes, you know,
below 100 and trades at 99 and doesn't
recover to 100, then what strategy would
do is raise the dividend rate to keep
making it more and more attractive. And
this is what happened since you and I
talked. This came out at 9% yield and
they raised it all the way up to 11 12.
And that seemed to be kind of the market
clearing price where every month the
stock trades at 100 more and more% of
the time. The other thing that they've
done is they've moved to and they're
doing going through a shareholder vote
right now for this is they're going to
make the payments now twice a month
starting in July.
&gt;&gt; In theory you should get pretty good
margin deals on that stock if it's so
stable.
&gt;&gt; They should. Now a lot of brokerage
firms don't get understand it. They
classify it as another risky equity. But
over time, I think you'll see that the
margin maintenance requirement on this
will come way down and you should be
able to leverage this to quite a large
large extent.
&gt;&gt; Is crazy when you think about
&gt;&gt; it's like carry trade all over again.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you only probably get 50% margin
on that. Like if you have a million or
100,000, you can get another 50,000 or
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that is huge. If you get 11% plus 50%
and it's getting very serious, you get
16% or something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and what's neat about this is
a lot of Tesla shareholders who need
income resort to selling covered calls.
And that's a strategy that works for a
lot of people, but a lot of people also
get tripped up with it and they end up
getting called away at certain times.
Elon makes a billion dollar open market
purchase one day and suddenly you're
covered calls if you know you have a
problem. This is a way of getting income
from Tesla without subjecting your
shares to that kind of risk. So it's
very appealing for those for the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also the covered course I'm not a
big fan because there is no such thing
as free money. I'm I'm a I'm a fan of
naked put selling but that's risky but
covered cost is kind of opportunity
because why is equally risky and what
are you going to do if this thing goes
up 25% of a and you're sitting there and
lost out on the entire thing and that
will happen and then then you can say
well and then it gets to market timing
and then you're like have a problem then
you're basically saying well I know
where this goes up well then you don't
need to sell covers you just buy calls
then goods
&gt;&gt; that's right
&gt;&gt; so this is a tricky situation If you are
in that cupboard call selling cab sure
maybe over the last 5 years it was easy
but if you would have done it the last 6
years you would be screwed so probably
you're screwed now too if you keep doing
so it's it's like you are basically
assuming you can time the market or you
can time Tesla and if you can't do that
it's possible but then you don't need to
sell cover cost and can do other things
&gt;&gt; what's interesting here too Joe is that
you know like an insurance company you
can be a customer of his products like
auto insurance and you could also be a
customer of a stock because if you've
got a great auto insurance company you
may say well this is a great business I
want to invest in this and so you've got
the same kind of opportunity here with
STRC you can be a customer of the income
product and you can also own strategy
stock and you can say look they are they
only need a 2.4% increase in Bitcoin for
this to be sustainable oh I think
Bitcoin is going to average 20% a year
for the next decade that looks like a
pretty good trade-off for me it's only
costing me 2.4 for to give these people
their income and I get to keep the rest.
And what's effectively happening is
strategy is a way to if you're a Bitcoin
fan increase your holdings of Bitcoin
per share without putting more money in.
So right now the company is on track. I
think there I think Bitcoin per share
this year is increased by 12.6%.
as of their latest report, which was
this morning. And if you just kind of
extend that, extrapolate that out to the
rest of the year, if they continue to
raise capital at this pace, your Bitcoin
per share would increase by 37% this
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're basically benefiting as my
STR holder from the stretch holders.
Like the stretch holders make the fixed
income, but they don't get the real
upside.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The common shares which I own, they're
just a bet on Bitcoin combined with that
business model.
&gt;&gt; That's
with the Bitcoin yield or whatever you
call it.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, it's an interesting
&gt;&gt; the company has 64 billion or so in
Bitcoin right now on their balance sheet
and again every single month they're
able to add to that by selling Stretch
and other preferred. Last year their
Bitcoin per share grew 29 22.9%.
And this year it's on track for a higher
growth than that. And so as a Bitcoin
investor, that's kind of appealing
because you get the benefit of more
Bitcoin per share over time.
&gt;&gt; We can look at the web page while we are
talking. This is MSTR and here stretch.
There we see all the cool metrics. 15
per share 19,000
turn of course very bad, but that's in
line with Bitcoin. I don't know it's
totally in line, but probably roughly
&gt;&gt; uh it's it's worse because this is
amplified and you can see that uh kind
of down below the net leverage. They've
got 8.2 billion in debt. And by the way,
this week that you'll see that number
drop by a billion and a half. They they
did a deal to buy back some of their uh
convertible debt. So their the leverage
ratio is going to come way down over
time. Eventually that will be zero. And
you can see now they've got about 15 1.5
billion of preferred and it's 37%
amplification. It's important to think
of these preferreds not as debt because
they're not debt. They never need to be
paid back. This is permanent capital on
their balance sheet. That's $15.5
billion. They don't have to pay back.
There's no maturity date on these
preferreds. They're perpetual
instruments. So therefore, the the quote
unquote leverage that's associated with
them is really just amplification.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The actual leverage, the hard
and I did the math on that. They Bitcoin
would need to fall to 13,000 roughly for
them to be underwater on the debt for
them to be the the debt being higher
than the assets. So Bitcoin would have
to fall dramatically and even then
that's not even creating a problem
unless it's coming due. So that is a
very important number here the M
therefore everyone was interested in
micro strategy in the common shares uh
because the question is this M expansion
that just reflects kind of the market
advertise for the actual stock because
that's not linked that's basically an
expression how much the market cap is
over the assets like the multiple of the
assets kind of
&gt;&gt; effectively you're paying 23% more for
your Bitcoin than you would if you just
bought Bitcoin directly. And so the
question is, is that 23% premium worth
it? Well, if Bitcoin per share this year
increases by 37%.
Then yes, because by the end of the
year, you're going to be have 37% more
Bitcoin and you only pay 23% more for
it. So in that case, it makes sense. And
so the question, the big question is
ultimately, what should that MV be? And
that's been one of the great debates.
We've seen the MNAV for strategy trade
as high as four at times and then that
was
&gt;&gt; one point we know it was as high as four
and as low as 1.02
but that means we are much closer to the
low lows than to the highs. So the
expansion upwards is much more likely
than downwards.
Uh and of course everyone who's
interested in that should understand
this is mostly completely correlated
with Bitcoin of course like the everyday
move of white Christianity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and then
&gt;&gt; yeah now this is interesting because
SDRC there's this thing that uh that's
known as the sharp ratio and basically
you can think of it as how much return
do you get per unit of risk and a sharp
ratio for a stock like Nvidia might be
one or might be 0.9 sharp ratio for a
bond might be.3 and we're seeing sharp
ratios now of STRC above two which is
unheard of um this is like better than
hedge funds kind of return like a lot of
hedge funds are known for producing
alpha with very little risk. This is
even better than that. So, you know,
when you compare SDRC against almost any
asset, depending on what metric you're
looking at, you can make a a case for
it. You're getting more return per unit
of risk. It's paying more than bonds.
And for taxable investors, you get tax
deferred income. Um the the way this
works is because this is a balance sheet
company, they're not paying these
dividends based on earnings. There is no
earnings behind this, okay? It's it's a
purely structured finance situation
where they're taking in capital, they're
buying Bitcoin and they promise to pay
you a certain dividend. Therefore, that
dividend has return of capital treatment
to shareholders and there's no tax
that's owed in that year you receive it.
What basically what happens is every
time they pay you a dividend, your cost
basis goes down by the dividend amount.
And so after in the case of STRC, after
about 9 and a half years, your cost
basis would be zero. And at that point,
the dividends become taxable as like
long-term capital gains. So, tremendous
tax benefits,
um, great yield and very low volatility.
It's like, you know, it's it's got all
these positive features associated with
it.
&gt;&gt; Hey, on this channel, we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support and
let's get back to the video.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's for that is like an
enormous hack, the return of capital
hack. So instead of paying you
year like instead of paying you maybe
dividends, they're paying you your
capital back first, but it it's
economically identical. So tax wise, of
course, that's a total hack that doesn't
work with bonds. I looked into that
because that's not okay. Then they say
it's bent on income and stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; But for preferred, it seems to work.
&gt;&gt; And what's amazing about it, Joe, is
when they first came up with this
concept, they weren't thinking about
that. That was a pleasant surprise that
I suppose some tax accountant, you know,
told them about after the fact. Yeah,
it's a it's a very because I looked into
that with bonds you can't do it because
then it's effectively
well there's an you know you have an
implied interest then even if you don't
pay and you have to pay phantom tax on
that phantom income so you can't just
say you get a 10% bond but actually not
and first you get your bond you know
capital back and in the end we pay you
all the interest that doesn't work with
preferred probably works seemingly works
&gt;&gt; and this tax treatment by the way in the
United States has been around I think
since 1910. So, it's a very
wellestablished uh fact in the tax code
is they're not pushing any envelopes
here.
&gt;&gt; And that's very big. So, you're getting
this tax-free for the first I don't know
how how does this work for the first
&gt;&gt; It works out to about the first nine and
a half years basically if you if you
don't reinvest any of the dividends and
don't refresh your tax basis at all. You
would you would get tax deferred income
for about roughly 9 and a half years
&gt;&gt; and then you pay then you pay income
tax.
&gt;&gt; I believe you would pay capital gains
tax on the dividends each month. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Capital gains or income?
&gt;&gt; Capital gains. It would be treated as
long-term capital gains.
&gt;&gt; Why is that dividends? I thought that's
income.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my understanding. Again,
we're not 9 and a half years in yet, so
we don't know for sure, but that's my
understanding as to how it will be
treated.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; Because it'll be qualified qualified
dividends.
&gt;&gt; Maybe maybe that's the better way of
saying it. It qualified dividends
basically end up being taxed at
long-term capital gains rates in the US.
&gt;&gt; That's a very good deal. That's crazy.
By the way, I also I don't want to make
this a tax thing, but I also learned
what was that uh if you have no income
cuz you're rich, for example, and only
make capital gains at the first $60,000
or something are tax-free. Did you know
that?
&gt;&gt; Yes. If you're in the uh low income tax
bracket, you you can be in a 0% capital
gains bracket. Um, and in the United
States this year, that is,
um, if I can find that real quick. Funny
how when you try to find things fast
when it's, um, yeah, for married uh,
filing jointly, it's uh, if you're if
your uh, taxable income falls below
$98,900,
you're in the 0% capital gain tax
bracket.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy. For married and for
single, I think it's 60 or something.
&gt;&gt; Just under 50. 49, 450. point like let
that sink in. People sometimes don't
follow these things because I sound so
boring. So you make no money but you
have a capital stock and that capital if
you do it right makes you capital gains
and you can make $100,000
a year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Gross and pay no taxes.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; If you're married like people don't know
that. And if you do the math on tax and
everything, that's actually enormous.
Like how much income do you need to make
to get net out 100,000? You probably
need to make 200,000 or something 180
like I don't know something like that,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Or
and the [clears throat] other the other
benefit here too, by the way, if you've
also got STRC income, that doesn't count
towards 100,000 because it's not taxable
income.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. [laughter] That's so exactly
&gt;&gt; you can have 100,000 of capital gains
and you know 200,000 of STRC income and
still not pay any taxes
&gt;&gt; but even after 9 years you're not going
to pay taxes because you're under the
100,000. So
&gt;&gt; it's you can do amazing things with a
little you just need a little bit of
capital. So
&gt;&gt; uh there's also a big learning like
optimizing the full stack including
taxes as one of the big hacks in wealth
management right to understand taxes
matter a lot
&gt;&gt; and you don't necessarily just have to
pay blindly taxes because when you look
at these rules there are big differences
zero is much less than 45%.
&gt;&gt; Last time I checked zero was less than
45. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so very interesting. So that's
uh why you need to be smart and have to
think about these things. And I always
tell people now that we enter the age of
AGI, that's what we're doing in pioneer
lands to think about these things like
understanding investments and return on
capital and all these things and taxes
is not a hobby anymore. This can save
your life literally. It can make your
life because you can make a lot of money
if you understand this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And let me let me just address
something that we teased people with on
the last show with Bitcoin and AI. Let's
try to tie these two things together.
Okay, so I'm of the belief well first of
all let's talk about a problem. So we're
entering in this era with AI agents,
right? We're all aware now that we've
got AI agents running around the
internet and we can probably imagine a
world where there's going to be mill
billions if not trillions of these
things at some point because you and I
can probably deploy dozens of them
easily. So, the question is, how do we
constrain AI in that kind of world?
Because if you have rogue AI agents, you
could have them spamming you, Joe, uh
you could receive a million emails a day
and it would be unstoppable. You could
have them making a 10,000 phone calls a
day to your phone, rendering your phone
useless, 10,000 texts, messages,
whatever it is. AI agents could just
wreak havoc on the internet if they're
not controlled in some way. Okay? And
so, the question is, how do we do that?
Well, we've we've learned that AI
agents, you know, those those those
captures to to try to figure out if a
computer, if you're a human or a
computer, AI agents now can go to a
marketplace and hire humans to tell them
what the captions are, and they pay
humans to tell them what the what the
codes are. So, AI agents now have
learned to use humans to help crack
these these issues. Anything that we do
from a security standpoint that involves
passwords, permission codes is going to
be useless in an AI agent world, okay?
Because there's some guy in in India or
whatever that's going to get paid to
hack that for you. Okay? So, how do you
do it? How do you constrain AI? Well,
look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a system is
a decentralized system. No one controls
it that's controlled by energy. In order
to mine Bitcoin, you have to expend a
certain amount of energy to mine the
Bitcoin. People talk about there's a
wall of energy protecting Bitcoin. It's
unhackable because it involves physical
real world energy and the Bitcoin
network's been long enough around long
enough now that that people have tried
to hack it and no one's ever been able
to hack the Bitcoin network. People have
hacked people's passwords to get their
Bitcoin, but that's different than
hacking the Bitcoin network itself. So,
what it really is then, what Bitcoin
really is, is a digital security
technology. And if that's the case, then
it can be used to control AI.
in a way that passwords, permissions,
and so on captures won't do because AI
can't fake energy use. AI will have to
expend the energy. You can't fake it.
&gt;&gt; You can basically Yeah, you can basic I
think it solves an interesting problem.
Well, but there's a problem with the
wolf thing, but it solves the problem
that runaway ASI or some crazy thing
that we don't control anymore that does
crazy things. I'm not just talking about
hacking. I'm talking about something
really bad. The key problem is what
prevents an AI to become a trillion
times smarter than us. Uh if it's just
unhinged, right? It can just spin off
whatever it wants and we can't see it
anymore and just happening. And it's
probably not Bitcoin. It's more like
Ethereum like some blockchain
system that is basically kept in the
loop would create no problem if this
thing does a 10x or 100x, but it creates
a problem if it does a trillionx in
terms of energy use. It might use
incrementally small tiny little
blockchain uh energy and that so what it
does not controlling it is it's creating
friction
that doesn't really create a problem as
long as it's reasonable but it creates a
problem if it's unreasonable and that's
I think that's very powerful the
question is yeah I mean of course you
could circumvent it by just not doing it
like someone has to decide that has to
be the framework and forces it into that
and then we know if it does it or not.
&gt;&gt; Well, so on that front, the US military
was tasked by Congress at the end of
last year to find a way to use
effectively Bitcoin to protect US
networks, US US computer systems. And we
just heard two weeks ago, Admiral
Paparo, I think he's the admiral behind
the US Pacific theater, who basically
testified in Congress that they're now
testing Bitcoin in that way.
&gt;&gt; That's very why is it Bitcoin advisor,
not Ethereum? because Bitcoin is the
only one that uses the proofof work
mechanism. Ethereum is proof of stake.
It's a whole different mechanism. It's
not nearly as secure. It might be fine
for smart contracts because it makes it
uh you know less expensive. It's less
friction, but it's the very friction in
Bitcoin that provides the security. It's
like having a big vault around
everything, right? It's it's hard to
break that vault. It's expensive and
that's what you want for security. It
may not be what you want for
frictionless.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. I wouldn't trust like I
mean it's a very interesting concept. I
think it's very smart. Of course then
the risk is can escape, right? You build
this fence where the Bitcoin is
implemented, but what if it just somehow
gets it out and copies it a trillion
times and does it outside and it gets
in. So you need to like gate it and make
sure it can't get out.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And I think the military is a great
example. You want to basically It's like
it's always this question. You want AI,
you want it super fast and intelligent,
but you only want it 10 times smarter
than you or 100 times. You want to
prevent it from secretly being a
trillion times smarter because then
you're totally screwed. And that's a
real problem. I think people don't
understand how much of a real problem
that is already. The military
understands it because that's not what
they want with their looks.
&gt;&gt; Look, look at the problem we have today
with people being tricked out of their
savings, right? being scammed and for
the most part that's humans behind that.
Well, put that now in the hands of a
super intelligent AI and it it could
scam basically everybody out of
everything that they've ever owned very
easily.
&gt;&gt; I think the scamming is like sure that's
what people understand but when it comes
to military I mean the problem is if you
have infinite intelligence uh it can do
things you can't even come up with.
That's the problem. And you know if I
have like someone who's twice as smart
as me that's still manageable. was like,
well, he can't like he can do much more
than me, but I know he can't just
randomly invent a new universe or
something. Uh, but if he's a trillion
times smarter, I don't know what he can
do. I will never find out. So, so it's
interesting. And then you create a
little friction and say, okay, you do
you, but I will see if you do something.
There's no way around me seeing that
there's massive friction and my all my
power plants are empty. And the cool
thing about AI then using Bitcoin to
constrain it is that if AI wants to take
over Bitcoin, like the 51% attack, then
that's going to be something that AI is
going to have to orchestrate over time.
That's not something that happens
overnight. So, you're buying yourself
some time. Whereas, anything that's in
the in the computer science realm, AI
can spin up a trillion agents and
suddenly you're being attacked a
trillion times from a trillion different
angles. You're powerless to stop that in
in the in the software world. But if
you're in the physical world, that's
something that the military can deal
with. And if AI is building out the
infrastructure to attack Bitcoin, it
gives you time to respond. And the easy
response in the Bitcoin world is to
build out more infra infrastructure of
your own. The more computers that go on
the Bitcoin network, the stronger it
becomes. And if if an adversary adds
more hash power, you do the same. If
they add more, you do the same. And the
act of doing that makes Bitcoin even
stronger collectively and makes it
harder and harder to attack, the bigger
it becomes. So instead of mutually
assured destruction, it's mutually
assured preservation because the more
investment that goes into the weapon
system makes it stronger and safer for
everybody else.
&gt;&gt; The problem is you need consensus. You
could of course at any point say, I
don't want that. I want unined AI,
right? like
&gt;&gt; you could still have that, but I mean if
if we're the United States and we're
trying to protect our systems, you wrap
it in a layer of Bitcoin, then that
becomes impenetrable from that
standpoint.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In a real conflict, you could say,
well, in a totally separated conflict,
you could say, well, we develop Chinese
mega weapons and you do whatever you
want to do. So then the friction might
be a problem. So it's kind of a it's an
interesting dilemma.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we would be developing
weapons, certainly AI weapons, to try to
attack everybody else's systems, but we
could protect our own with Bitcoin. And
I think we're going to see more about
this from the military over the coming
months or a year. I believe that they're
due to report to Congress by the end of
this year in terms of what their plans
are or what they've found out. So, my
point with this whole thing is that AI
and Bitcoin are, I think, tied together
in ways that we may not fully appreciate
yet. In Jason Lowry's book, Soft War, he
talks about how when gunpowder was first
invented, because it was invented by the
Chinese medical community, people
thought it was medicine. It wasn't until
some engineers came along and started to
play around with it that they discover
it was good for fireworks and good for
weapons. And the same thing has
happened, I think, with Bitcoin. Because
it's got the word coin in its name,
we've instantly thought about it as
money. At its fundamental core, it's not
money. It's a security technology that
happens to be so secure that it makes
for great money.
Yeah, everybody's come at it from the
wrong perspective. And to tie it back to
strategy, what strategy may end up being
is the largest corporate holder of
Bitcoin. They already are. They own 4%
now of all the Bitcoin will ever be
mined already today. And that
effectively may make them the largest
digital security company. And when we
talked about the MEAV of 1.23, well,
what's the largest digital security
company worth? It's probably worth more
than 1.23 times their Bitcoin holdings.
That's a valuable asset if that's the
case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all about well it's all about
the giant bet on Bitcoin. Like if you
believe in Bitcoin micro strategy or
stretch or whatever is a very good
thing. If you doubt it, if you think
quantum whatever something is going to
destroy it, then it's a problem. And do
you never know? I looked into the
quantum issue. I think it's not really
an issue. It's kind of very well
recognized. It's just a timing issue.
When does a Bitcoin community decide to
act on it in time? But it's very
unlikely they get surprised by this.
It's so obvious the thing
&gt;&gt; it is. And I love how the fact that the
quantum thing is like just focused on
the risks of Bitcoin. Quantum is a
threat to literally everything on the
top.
&gt;&gt; I know you forget about everything else.
What about the nukes? What about
&gt;&gt; your self-driving car? It could be
driving into a wall. Like it's a risk to
absolutely everything. The nuclear
weapons, absolutely everything.
Everything in the health care system,
everything in the finance world. The
quantum could destroy everything. So
it's funny that the attack vector is
like on Bitcoin. It doesn't make any
sense. That's the least interesting
thing when it comes to quantum.
&gt;&gt; It's like a giant meteor coming to earth
is like why don't buy bitcoin? The
meteor is going to hit earth and then my
bitcoin goes to zero just explode like
well that is true.
&gt;&gt; Um okay sir and that was very
interesting. We got a good deep dive
into stretch and micro strategy and got
a little feel for what's coming on the
AI side. Tethering I to the physical
world.
&gt;&gt; I think it's the only way.
Yeah, everything becomes everything
needs to be tethered to the physical
world otherwise we're going to have a
massive problem and we've already seen
that with spam on the internet and right
now we use software tools to manage that
but eventually we won't be able to
there'll be too much of it we're going
to have to come up with a better way
it's got to be physical
&gt;&gt; but it's a voluntary voluntary
constraint that's the big question if
people like anthropic and x AI and China
and everyone is up for that because
&gt;&gt; well it'll be involuntary at the point
that becomes a problem that they can't
resolve through traditional means. At
the point that our permission systems
and our passwords and our captures stop
working, then it becomes involuntary.
Then it becomes, okay, how do we deal
with this threat? Because we're
inundated daily by billions of AI agents
attacking us. Then it becomes
involuntary.
&gt;&gt; Probably free running untethered AI as
research in space or something and
everything that gets deployed through
agents on Earth needs to be tethered
somehow.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it's interesting because you know
a military, right, is voluntary. Uh
having a navy is voluntary until you're
attacked by somebody with a navy, then
it's involuntary. It's exactly the same
thing. It's it's referred to as the
shelling point. Back in World War uh
two, maybe World War I, I think the
there was a there was a general in the
US military that said, "Hey, we should
invest in airplane technology." And the
US Congress basically said, "No, the
technology is unproven. It's not not
worth it." I guess it's World War II.
And then along comes Pearl Harbor,
right? where the Japanese destroy our
our fleet and it suddenly becomes an
involuntary thing now to build an air
force.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And so you can reject these new
technologies for a period of time
because they're not large enough, not
meaningful, not not risky enough, but at
some point you become you are destroyed
by the thing that you ignored. And
that's
&gt;&gt; it's actually,
you know, the point in time where China
and the US and all these people
understand that the the real biggest
threat enemy is not China or the US.
It's the agents. And I think the end
point is probably already here because
they're not dummies. And these agents
will become more and more intelligent.
They will be more and more they will
have willpower and all these things. I
think this year probably because that's
the first thing you want to code into.
You can even tell your thing already to
do stuff and figure it out on their own.
And once you give it the power to spit
out all these other agents, it gets out
of control basically immediately. So if
you are a military planner and say, "Oh,
design the perfect drone swarm." You
don't want this thing to go out and
figure out what it actually want is bad.
And you want to tether it somehow. And I
say you're not allowed to spin up a
trillion agents and figure out who you
are. It's bad. So I want to basically
constrain you. So you literally cannot
do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we we may have that conscience
in the US or the West in general. Some
of our adversaries may not have that
conscience and just may be desiring to
unleash weapons on us that don't have
any kind of constraints on them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think I think honestly
that especially the Chinese, but also
the Russians, they they understand that
because they are saying they will be the
first target.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Themselves. They're not dumb. like they
might have bad like different ethical
standards but no one has the ethical
standards like yeah kill me like no they
they want to preserve themselves too and
I think
&gt;&gt; yeah I think in that regard we need to
be more worried about perhaps like North
Korea or other like non-nation state
terrorist organizations where
&gt;&gt; yes terrorists are much more dangerous
because they want maximum damage I think
China the first thing they ask is this
thing going to threaten my power if
you're shiing thing you got to check
with your military is this going to is
this thing going kick me out.
&gt;&gt; That's Hey.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very interesting. We will see. I
mean, these things are evolving now at
lightning speed. So, this is important.
There's also the whole Ethereum debate
where people say, and that's pretty
obvious to me that you need you need
blockchain contracting for these agents
because how are they going to do
business? Like, you are unlocking a
whole new thing once you allow that once
you connect these two. So it's bullish
for Bitcoin and for Ethereum for both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The only thing that I worry about
and I'm not an expert on this, but from
what I understand is Ethereum from a
security standpoint doesn't have near
the security of Bitcoin and how it's
structured with the proof of work. That
proof of stake can be something that can
be gained. And so the question is then
that's fine. You get the benefits of the
Ethereum network, less energy cost and
all that. That's fantastic. But maybe
you pay the price from a security
standpoint. And I think that's all to be
worked out still. But certainly that's
an issue and Bitcoin clearly can handle
the volume of activity that would need
to be handled on on Bitcoin in order for
all this to work. So there has to be
some different layers in this and maybe
ultimately Ethereum is somehow sort of
sitting on Bitcoin in some way using
Bitcoin as security in order for
Ethereum to work or you look at Solana
from a transaction standpoint. There's
there's lots of things there that need
to be figured out, but ultimately we're
going to have more activity on the
internet from AI than humans. And
therefore, the security issues are
different and then the payment needs are
very different as well. And we're going
to have to solve all that stuff at the
same time.
&gt;&gt; And the interesting thing is again when
you put this on timeline, some people
think, oh sir, whatever that's 2040. I
think that point could be this year.
&gt;&gt; Could be
&gt;&gt; like look at what's happening.
Look at Nvidia rolling with Alpha
Enterprise. this would happen much.
People don't understand when you look at
and dropping for example and dropping
could be the largest company on the
planet next year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So it's like the the exponentials are
crazy
on all metrics. Yes. So it's going to be
pretty wild. That's why you have to
watch Sarin Basher.
&gt;&gt; Yes. No, you're excellent thinker on
these topics as well and it's it's fun
to discuss it with you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was fun. Thank you so much
SERN. more to come. But for now, thank
you so much for enlightening us on
strategy and Bitcoin and Stretch.
&gt;&gt; Appreciate it, Joe. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.