Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How AI Data Centers Are Driving Tesla Megapack Demand
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWO6ZNk1exM
Published:   2026-06-28 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-28 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oh yeah. So it's an AI system that
decides when to buy and sell the energy
on your behalf. And so you've just this
is the thing that it's not you're not
just buying an asset this battery. Oh
well then if it's just a battery I can
buy it from anybody and there will be
I'm not saying that there isn't
competition and that the competition is
going to bring down the price because
it's just a commodity. True. But these
aren't just batteries. There are
batteries plus a system that has AI
software that decides to arbitrage when
to buy and sell. Years ago, Tesla sold
their first giant mega pack into
Australia. And ever since, things have
been going a little crazy. It took an
awfully long time for Wall Street to
recognize what was going on, to begin
modeling it. And now that they have, I
still think they might be missing the
boat, underestimating it a bit. We've
got some huge developments in stationary
energy storage to discuss today. I'm
joined by my good friend Herbert from
Brighter, uh, who is, you know, uh,
someone who has been following these,
uh, projects as they've been unfolding
for years, just just a little bit. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, Herbert, we're going to start
small and just keep getting bigger.
How's that sound? Oh, love it.
&gt;&gt; Santa Barbara City College to use $4.2
million grant to build new micro grid,
1.6 megawatts of solar and two mega
packs. Not a big deal, but if even
colleges are getting in on this. When
you and I discussed mega pack years ago,
colleges weren't on my list. I don't
know about you, but uh it of course
makes sense when you think about it. Uh
but I just hadn't thought about it.
Couple of mega packs for uh this
community college. What do you think?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I love it. And I think one of the
things that I was hoping to hear more of
is businesses, in this case it's a
campus putting on top of their roofs.
This is mega packs, solar power on the
roofs, but padding mega packs as well.
That is something I think we're going to
hear a lot more distributed power
because you take the electricity at the
cheaper price. You use use a mega
batteries to do it when it's expensive,
but also backup power, right? And
whenever you might need it, you've got
something going. They're not that
expensive. It's easier to install. It
makes sense. So, um I'm I'm expecting
businesses like Target, Walmart, massive
deals across the board. I think we were
I think we're starting to see that with
the semiis. So, if you are PepsiCo and
you've got bought a bunch of Tesla
semiis, you're going to put these mega
packs. They're called mega packs or
maybe eventually.
&gt;&gt; These are mega mega.
&gt;&gt; These are so far mega packs. Yes. Well,
even the mega mega blocks are mega
packs.
&gt;&gt; But that's what they will do. And what
we're going to see is more companies and
this is an example. I think this is the
the tip of it. And then the other one is
mega pods. So you and I talked about
this earlier where we have megapods
which is every supercharger is going to
have a a distributed AI data center. Not
just mega, solar, electricity, but also
now you know chips and data center
distributed data centers. I can see that
university having their own mega pod
&gt;&gt; mega pod
&gt;&gt; with the mega packs right so it's it's
serving multiple use cases because they
want their own AI data center that they
control right there locally uh local
right to keep everything so it's not
having to go to cloud or something that
those are going to be much more uh
frequent this is just the beginning
&gt;&gt; well I would say it's certainly not
going to be every supercharger because
Tesla doesn't own the land at a whole
lot of them and in a little supermarket
parking lot. You may not have the space
for it, but certainly all the bigger
ones, the ones they own and control the
land, uh those could be a tremendous in
in their announcement, uh Megapod's
supposed to be a million plus millions
is what they said. So, it's a lot more
than we think.
&gt;&gt; Uh but how would they manufacture them?
They don't know how to manufacture
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I kid for those unfamiliar with the
channel, I kid a lot. And that is
definitely a joke. Hey, do you know uh
last year uh this was announced in I
guess January. Uh thank you Turkman
Portal. Uh Tesla's largest 2.3 gawatt
energy storage facility opened up in
Maricopa County in uh in Arizona there.
A 560 million US facility with $594
mega packs. Uh that's pretty exciting
stuff. I only show this because I love
this Tesla investor Sawyer Merritt. I
don't know what I'd call him, but that
seems a bit understated uh for you know
who who he is. But all right. Um I only
show this because as far as I'm aware uh
this was at the time and until recently
the largest mega pack. Wow. That's a
lot. But
&gt;&gt; that's a lot. But but on this next slide
you'll see you should subscribe.
Subscribe please. It's free and
available. We do that. Tesla has landed
a $5 billion mega pack deal in Europe
with uh with our good friend Nat Power.
I think that's his name. Uh unless I'm
reading it wrong on purpose to be a
smart alec. Tesla's energy storage
business just landed its largest
reported European deal to date. The
company has signed an agreement with
independent energy firm Nat Power to
supply more than 25 kilowatt hours of
megapac battery storage systems across
Italy and the UK in a deal valued at up
to five bubba up of a billion dollars
dwarfing most single customer contracts
in the grids scale market. Uh and look,
it's Tesla investor Sawyer Merritt uh
who is uh reporting on this. Tesla is
excited to partner with them on this
long-term agreement. What uh
&gt;&gt; what is this what is this about
&gt;&gt; two things number one 25 gawatt hours is
huge le produces what 40 gawatt hours
production faculty you see the annual
production capacity of one megapac
factories 40 here's a deal that takes 25
gawatt hours more than half of what they
can do is going to go to this one deal
two this is the first time apparently
that they've done this thing in a
multi-reion multi-country multi- project
kind scenario in Europe. And so I think
this again sets the stage for just the
beginning once you see a European
country do something like this and then
you'll see others joining forces to be
able to do this. I have a belief that
every single country will need if you're
one of the top you know economies in the
world you will need a mega factory in
your location because you need it to be
distributed. You need to be sovereign.
This is you know defense security. It's
very important to have power whenever
you need it. And now with AI data
centers combined with you know energy
battery energy systems that's why you
absolutely it's no longer a you know
nice to have it's a mustave now. So this
is again just the beginning. We're going
to see more countries announcing this.
&gt;&gt; Well and it's not just more countries it
could be more NAT power because they
want to 4x the scale of the project over
time. That's
&gt;&gt; yeah. So, if you pause there, you go
back up. $15 billion is what this could
become. It starts off as 5 billion and
eventually be 15 over the 20-year
operating period. This is just one deal.
&gt;&gt; These are big deals. This is a lot of
money.
&gt;&gt; They're not just buying hardware. It
includes Tesla energy trading and
optimization alongside the software that
the Mega Hack uh So, it includes auto
bidder. What is auto bidder and why does
it matter?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. So, it's an AI system that
decides when to buy and sell the energy
on your behalf. And so, you've just this
is the thing that it's not you're not
just buying an asset, this battery. Oh,
well then if it's just a battery, I can
buy it from anybody. And there will be
I'm not saying that there isn't
competition and that the competition is
going to bring down the price because
it's just a commodity. True. But these
aren't just batteries. there are
batteries plus a system that has AI
software that decides to arbitrage when
to buy and sell the electricity and then
also to I guess um manage the flow of
electricity through these batteries
optimization. So you need this and uh
this as far as I'm aware of what
everything I've read and heard Tesla's
auto bidder is industryleading. So the
way I try and explain it to people is
that uh in the 90s China started
building uh commercial jets, you know,
com competitors to the 737, but they
weren't very popular because they were
less fuel efficient.
&gt;&gt; And as a result, it didn't matter how
cheap it was, it was a bad deal because
over the total cost, the total lifetime
ownership, it would end up costing more
uh because you're spending too much on
fuel. They've gotten better about that.
They're actually making competitive
planes now, but it took a long time to
do it. So, if you are to put it in very
simple terms, if they're if the power
gets significantly cheaper at, let's
say, 900 p.m. and it's 8:15, let's leave
the cells at 20%. Let's not juice up one
watt right now because we know we're
going to make it to 9 without running
out of juice, no matter what happens.
And at 9, it gets much cheaper. on a
dumb system, it would just say, "Well,
it wants to be at, you know, close to
100%. We'll just keep it there until we
need it." Uh, so you're not just getting
potentially more discharge and charge
cycles, but uh smarter ones, more
profitable ones. You're selling it when
it actually makes sense. You're using it
when it's actually saving you money. If
you have solar at home and time of use
pricing, I have friends who uh are proud
of the fact that they never pull any
juice during peak hours and uh all night
the house is powered by the grid, but
all day it's powered by their batteries.
And they save in some cases
&gt;&gt; $30 in a day uh by doing it this way.
So, it's uh substantial. It adds up over
time. Now, I've got a ticking time bomb
on you here, Herbert. I didn't warn you
about this one, but this is part of the
hidden money. This is part of the
revenue that wasn't considered. Tesla's
hidden boost. Over half a billion in
revenue came from other Musk companies.
Filing comes days after analysts flagged
non-recurring tariff and warranty
adjustments that boosted margins by $480
million. What are we talking about?
Well, they sold mega packs to XAI. XAI
needs them. Tesla's got them. They
bought them. Tesla also reported 78
what? Uh Tesla also reported 78 million
uh in additional revenue from XAI. And
uh then we've got you know not just the
mega pack deployments but also the uh
180 43 million um from buying cyber
trucks for uh SpaceX and XAI. We've seen
a lot of those in use in Texas. We've
seen them at uh in California at uh XAI
properties. So, this is uh a lot of
money and I would argue the purchase of
Cybert trucks is not going to be a
recurring source of revenue. They've got
enough to last them for years, but the
mega packs will continue being sold to
XAI. Would you agree?
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I agree that the mega packs will
continue to of course it will. So, of
course, this article positions it in the
most negative possible way you can think
about, right? Tesla revenue popped up
because of, you know, Musk's other
companies. Or how about this? Musk
companies Tesla sells mega packs. Every
company needs mega packs. Every company
needs trucks. Why not buy the best mega
packs, the best trucks from your own
company? This is not usual. And how do
we know that this is going to be true?
because mega packs are going to be sold
and bought by many other com uh AI data
centers. He is the first to prove to you
that this is required and make no
mistakes about it. Every AI data center
will be buying mega packs. I think we
just reported a month ago that a
Zuckerberg data center metadata center
bought meax. These are this is just the
way it works. If you have an AI data
center, your usage of electricity is not
is stable. It will peak and it will fall
and it's very very um you know demand of
when when the the the computer systems
need to get the power the draw the power
is very volatile. So the way to manage
that is to have mega packs to smooth
that out. That's how you that's how you
manage this. And so every AI data center
will need mega packs and it's just a
fact. So yeah, great. XI bought it from
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; It makes it would make to me no sense to
buy something else. In the US, we don't
really do Chinese battery energy storage
solutions. The only other serious player
is LG and their mega packs are straight
fire more than once. It's not good. uh I
would suggest you purchase something
with a lower propensity to conflration.
&gt;&gt; I mean if you're if you're XAI SpaceX
and you are a multi-t trillion dollar
company now and you are trying to build
AI data centers because the competition
is to have you know to to how to get to
AGI and ASI ahead of uh other countries
you want to be first other companies
like OpenAI and Anthropic. What do you
think you're going to do? Are you going
to like, oh, I better buy the mega the
cheap the worst mega packs from my
partner because I want to give them a
couple hundred million revenue or you
going to go, no, no, I need to buy the
best. If the best happens to not be mega
packs, they will have to they will go
and buy those battery systems instead.
Pretty obvious that that's what they
would do. Mhm. I uh toured a textile
plant in China years ago and I asked,
"What kind of sewing machines do you
use?"
&gt;&gt; Because, you know, China makes sewing
machines. They make millions of sewing
machines. And they said, "Oh, uh,
Singer, our our sewing machines are from
the US. We don't mess around."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because so I what I'm hearing you
say is that this article might be a
little biased even though it has such
factual things as the company maintains
ongoing commercial licensing and support
agreements, such factual things as the
developments come ahead of the IPO, such
factual things as Musk remains its
largest individual shareholder with a
22% What does that have to do with it?
Ah, come on. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; All right, I see. I see what you're
getting at, Herbert. I understand it.
So, mega packs, uh, they are helpful.
They are helpful. I drove through
Hillsbor, Oregon the other day.
Inadvertently didn't realize it. I was
right in data center row, but you can
see it looming over the horizon. The
buildings have no windows. They look
like warehouses with no loading docks.
And then you pull up your map on the
screen next to you zoom in and you see
all these buildings have mega packs. Uh,
there are a lot of them. And they're not
all Teslas. Some of them are battery
energy storage solutions from other
manufacturers, but the Tesla ones are
visible in the mix. They have to have
these. It's not just about uh if the
power goes out. If the power goes out,
you've got maybe a couple hours to get
uh either the power back on or to spin
down the operation, which you can do,
but it's about smoothing the voltage
coming into the building. uh you're
running very precise equipment that
precision requires precision power to
fuel it. Uh you don't want any
fluctuations in your voltage. You want
clean energy. Clean a clean line of
energy when it gets into the building
into your equipment. So mega packs, uh I
don't know, man. Do you think they have
a future?
&gt;&gt; We'll see. Pretty obvious. Yeah. You got
up at 40 gawatt hours. You got Shanghai
at 40 gig hours. But they right. You
were the first to break that story that
could actually even triple that. We'll
wait for them to make an announcement
that 40 gawatts may not be its maximum
capacity. Houston is at 50 gatt hours.
They're now moving to U version three
mega blocks.
It's unlimited number of uh deals that
they have. It's just a matter of them
producing more factories to be able to
build these. And I think that that's
where they're moving next. There'll be
another one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that appears to me to be the case
right now. Uh so guys, in the comments,
what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you.
We got to know. The videos where we try
to make you smarter. The comments are
where I hope you can make us a little
smarter. Or in Herbert's case, brighter.
I don't know how that works. Everyone
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.