Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Entering Uncharted Manufacturing Territory
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49e6glxWy5E
Published:   2026-08-30 17:14 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-30 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

People really need to understand what's
happening here, and that there's going
to be I think tremendous financial risk.
So, I think companies that launch these
robots that are going to do really well,
cuz there's going to be a lot that just
launch and burn out. We saw it with EVs,
right? Even in China, a lot of companies
start up, burn out, start up, burn out,
start up, burn out. The ones that are
going to do well are going to be very
well capitalized that can [music] stand
behind their product, and then build
something that is really fit for
purpose. When Optimus gets out of a
Tesla or an Elon company factory, you
know, that product will have a proper
warranty and should last a period of
time where the economics work. Tesla
won't let a product out if it doesn't.
So, [music] that's going to be an
interesting thing to watch on the
warranties.
&gt;&gt; Tesla has done some pretty magical
things when it comes [music] to managing
their supply chain, especially during
the supply crunch when everybody was
short on just about everything. They
managed [music] to find a way to keep
the things moving, keep the parts
getting put together, and the final
products coming out the door. Well, I've
got a bunch of supply chain questions
because we've got a bunch of new
products. We've got Cybertruck, and
we've got Optimus both waiting in the
wings for their grand [music] entrance,
and we're going to find out just how
robust Tesla's supply chain is, and what
they're able to do to continue bringing
costs down on those two products as they
ramp. We're talking supply chain. I know
no one better to talk to than Jeff Lutz.
Jeff Lutz has
quite a bit of experience in that field.
In fact, he was a former corporate VP
of supply chain and chief quality
officer at Motorola, Google, and Lenovo.
And if you've never heard of any of
those three companies, I would have to
guess you were born in the 1800s.
So, with that said, let's get into it.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurama.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; Jeff, so good to have you on. Have I had
you on before or have have we just been
in panels together elsewhere? I can't
remember.
&gt;&gt; we've We've a I think we've had a
one-on-one before. It's been a while.
It's good to It's good to get back
together and chat.
&gt;&gt; Well, I know you were doing a contract
there for a while that necessitated you
focus on on that rather than than giving
me your time so graciously. So, uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in my in my day job, yeah. Uh no,
it's great to It's great to I love
talking about some of this stuff, too.
It's a great topic.
&gt;&gt; And it's nice to always hear fresh
perspectives. So, on the supply chain,
we'll start with robo-taxi. Uh one of
the theories that I've been saying is
that I believe they're going to be able
to build the car completely their cost
of goods sold for potentially less than
just the upfit that Waymo pays for their
Zekers or I-Paces or Hyundais. As the
the Cybertruck scales, they're going to
have a lot of opportunities to bring
costs down in addition to just making a
bunch of the parts in-house. Is that
fair? Am I Am I going too far with my
assumptions on cost reductions for
Cybertruck?
&gt;&gt; No, I mean, not at this time, no. And I
I I just think it's it's broader than
even the vehicle itself. It's It's
actually the vertical integration they
do with their entire operation. That
they're delivering the vehicle, but
they're also delivering the service. And
the service itself has its own set of
unit economics
from charging, cleaning,
uh fleet management. And they're I I
believe they're going to be best in
class uh on that just based on their
approach to full automation, AI-driven
approach. Others will converge here.
Others will continue to do better. No
one's going to sit still. But, they're
starting off with the robo-taxi, the
vehicle itself, probably in a very good
spot.
And it's going to take them time. It's
not like they're building them at that
at those price levels now. But, you
know, within a year and and that factory
is allowed to ramp, uh they're going to
take a lot of cost out. And it's really
It's started with
the part count reduction which you
reported on
and done some really good work on
that is the basis for most of this and
then from there it's now how is the
thing put together in the factory
different faster
and then
really getting at the scale it's kind of
those three components but you had to
have started this is what a lot of
companies I think get wrong in some of
the ones you mentioned they they think
that they can just kind of kick anything
out there and if they can just make a
lot of them then the costs are going to
come down and they are but they're going
to approach a flat line at a level
that's probably much too high so Tesla's
great at rooting out the complexity
early and that's the that's the biggest
thing
&gt;&gt; So I know there are people who look at a
Model Y and say it's it's too basic it's
too basic I just want Jeff I just want
one button and I know you just want one
button the problem is you and I want a
different button and pretty soon we're
back to a ridiculously overbuilt series
of controls that are in their own way
much more confusing and less useful if
you look at the part count of an I-Pace
it's about 30,000 counting every every
rivet every fastener every
bib and Bob as it were and if you look
at a Model Y it's about 10,000 is it
fair to say that not only do all
additional 20,000 of those parts need to
be purchased but they also need to be
assembled and then they need to be
warranted because every one of those is
a potential point of failure
&gt;&gt; Yeah they get warranted at different
levels they'll know the predicted model
for those but you're right and people
think of part count there's so many
things tied
to part count and even beyond purchasing
of it someone they have to be quality
inspected or they have to be quality
managed someone had to have written a
spec for that part someone had to have
designed that part and gone through many
iterations that part may have been the
source of reliability failure where it
had to be redesigned.
And sometimes these parts go end of life
or a supplier says I'm not making this
anymore. You know, then you have to do a
last time buy and there's all this the
management of that economic. So,
part management is
part, you know, part of it, no pun
intended, is the assembly of it and the
complexity in the factories as you
appropriately call out. But, it's
honestly everything else around it. Uh
and that's why from a supply chain
perspective, you want engineering
partners
and you want product management, you
want leadership in your company that are
really focused on
the the necessity and and and
let me think about elimination. Like,
it's almost like what's the bar to get a
part in a design in the first place?
Like, how do we start at zero or some
very low number and make the bar really
high to get a part in? Whereas, a lot of
companies just the other way of like, I
want, you know, they want to define the
product in however many parts it takes
to go together.
So, be it. And and that's just not how
it works. And you have somebody at the
top of the company who's
cost conscious, who now has spent that
time in the factory,
it really you can hear it, you can see
it in the conversations too with
leadership. They all get it.
&gt;&gt; For sure. Now, it's uh
when you're talking about all those
parts, yeah, it can get out of control.
Having fewer parts means you need less
uh warehouse space. It means you need
less logistics. Uh it means that
remember if if even one piece is
missing, you don't have a finished
product. We just saw recent frustration
with the Cybertruck where one supplier,
on the verge of bankruptcy, held hostage
their equipment. By some accounts, they
they argue it's something else. And then
once the court ordered, "No, you have to
return the equipment." "Ah, we're going
to file bankruptcy." That puts a real
crimp in the operation. Uh and so, it
looks like Cybercab could potentially
mitigate some of this. Are they I mean,
are we seeing signs that they've
designed things in a way or taken steps
to mitigate something like that
happening?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, when you design a product like the
Cybertruck and Cybercab are like on
different spectrums of complexity. And
when you're setting up your list of
components and you're making decisions
of where am I going to multi-source,
you're going to multi-source less at the
volume and complexity level of a
Cybertruck and those parts,
unfortunately, but that's that's how
these decisions are made. It's not
saying you're not multi-sourcing
anything on a Cybertruck. It's you're
probably doing it less.
And in the case of the Robotaxi, you are
when I say the word multi-sourcing, you
are triple, quadruple sourcing. And as
this is built in different regions,
you're setting up new sources in those
regions as well. So, if a situation like
this were to happen again where a
supplier wants to hold tooling, you're
going to you may have three other
options to work with and that supplier
will have less leverage. That's the
whole thing in in multi-sourcing is you
want a win-win with you want you want
suppliers to know like, "Hey, look, I'm
going to put three of you on this part
might like Model Y like my volumes are
so big. I have the biggest-selling
volume
EV in the world. So, three, you know,
I'm going to have others on this, but,
you know, you're you're at a 30% share
now. You you could get to 60 if you do
this this this for us. And by the way,
it's not always price.
Um a lot of it could be around lead
times. If they can shorten their lead
times, they can be more responsive and
you can hold less inventory. Or it could
be around indemnification and warranty
terms like you you brought up earlier.
So, the case of the Cybertruck, that was
I've seen this before. I've experienced
this before. That's uh Tesla's own
tooling that the
OEM typically buys that tooling and they
own it. And this supplier was holding it
like
restraining. I don't we don't know. Like
I think you appropriately said like
there's always two sides to these
stories, but I've seen it happen um that
shouldn't have happened. And in the case
of robo-taxi or cyber cab,
they're going to be multi-sourced where
that supplier is not going to have the
leverage to do that. They pull that,
they know the ramifications are actually
far worse for them.
&gt;&gt; Well, we know in Tesla's case there are
light pieces that are so large that no
one in the US could make them. They
purchased the tooling for those light
manufacturers so that they could get the
part. Cuz it's that or you don't get the
part. So, it would make sense,
especially when it comes to some of this
highly specialized stuff. Cybertruck
doesn't sell tremendous volume. So, what
I hear you saying is if that piece was
missing from a Model Y, first of all,
they probably have two or three
suppliers in the US. And if for some
reason all of them were were down, they
would just order them from Berlin or
Shanghai.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you take that you would take the
hit on the Now, there hopefully there's
no hopefully it's like-for-like uh same
same designs. It's drop-in.
Uh if it's coming from a different
region,
um but yeah, that that would that's what
would happen. And just just to be clear
on the tooling piece of it, typically if
the part is custom, meaning you're not
buying something that others buy,
typically as the OEM, you actually own
the tooling. You bought it. You you
purchased it. It's it's on your books.
That's part of your cap part of your cap
ex when you're making a product is the
cap ex that's in your factory, the cap
ex that's in your distribution center,
the cap ex that's in your service
center. And other part of that is the
cap ex that's at suppliers that's custom
to your product.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I definitely didn't didn't realize
that. But that would make sense because
if that company were to be
uh to go bankrupt, I think all of their
I don't think that the whoever buys the
assets should own my tooling uh Uh, that
is specific to my use case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so
&gt;&gt; Yeah, suppliers that try to By the way,
there's all kinds of business models.
There are suppliers that say, "We'll
give you free tooling." It's not free
tooling. They put it into the into the
piece part price. Um, so it's really uh
it's a back and forth between the OEM
and the supplier of how how do you want
to do business? Um, how do you want to
how do you want cash exchanged? That
gets into the lead times. That gets into
who buys the tooling. That gets into
payment terms as well.
&gt;&gt; I had I have a viewer who was sharing
with me a story. At one time he was the
largest uh board game distributor uh in
the US. And he had two websites, one
that had free shipping and one that had
the lowest price. And some people would
only use one of them and some people
would only use the other. And the price
was the same cuz there ain't no such
thing as free shipping. Uh somebody's
got to move it. Pro tip, when it comes
to big bulky stuff that's not terribly
heavy, always buy from the store cuz
they bring it in by the truck rather
than one oversized awkward box.
&gt;&gt; So, on Cybercab, do you have an idea in
your head of what the final price is
going to be when they're at scale? And
by scale, let's say 3 to 500,000 a year.
Are we talking 18,000 uh for the cost of
the console?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, cost me yeah.
Yeah, I I think it's I think it's fair
to say that sub 20 is probably where
this is going. And the reason is is
they can probably build I mean, there's
different data out of China on the three
and a one.
But, you know, you're approaching
probably high 20s there. So, if you're
going to make a product, if you're going
to change the way you do manufacturing,
and if you're going to drive it up at
these levels of volumes, you would you
wouldn't want a 10% step change between
those products. You probably wouldn't do
the Cybercab then. You you'd want a much
more meaningful step change between
those products. So, I believe purely
from a product placement and of course
how it was designed and engineered
perspective, this thing was designed for
a meaningful step lower from the 3 and
Y. So I I'm thinking, you know, sub 20
for sure.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And I would agree with that. Just
on, I mean, the sheer atom count. It has
a lot fewer atoms, has a lot fewer parts
than a Model 3. And Model 3's already
getting quite affordable. It's like when
they were saying that we expect this to
get 5.5 watt hours
miles per kilowatt. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; And I went and talked to the engineers
and I said, "Eric, uh
that's not a real number, is it?" He
goes, "Well, that's the number we're
allowed to say." And now the official
number's out. It is, of course, much
lower. How could it not be? I know
people, you know people who drive a
Model 3 and get 5 uh miles to the
kilowatt. Uh so, obviously, it's going
to be better than that. Uh all you have
to do is drive gingerly and avoid
highways. And most taxi rides avoid
highways already. So,
uh well, the EPA rating,
uh I don't think the EPA rating would be
terribly helpful on this vehicle because
the EPA rating assumes a blend of
highway that most humans do and most and
most taxis do not.
Uh in terms of the stability of the
supply chain today, you know, 3 years
ago, 5 years ago, we had some very
serious complications. Are things back
to normal?
&gt;&gt; Um yeah yes and no. So,
uh and I do a lot of work in this space.
So, the supply chains from 5 years ago
were mostly globalized. And Tesla was
out in front of a lot of companies. And
I studied this, you know, as one of the
things that
really attracted me to follow this
company is they were moving towards
localized supply chains uh before
anybody. It doesn't mean that there
there aren't there weren't and there
aren't parts from China in your US-made
car today. There are.
Um but it's more of the percentages and
it's more of the the kind of the
relative movement year on year. So,
Tesla
moved to localize supply chains ahead of
a lot of people. But in terms of like
the state of the supply chain today, the
way I would the way I would couch it is
is more localization has caused a lot of
disruption. It's caused a lot of
opportunity, too, in in these different
economic zones.
But with more localized supply,
as a supplier when you're starting up,
your your business case changes. This
gets into the Chinese
domestic um
EV makers, right? They they would love
for this this export business to be
massively growing. And it is growing, by
the way. But
what I would say is the supply chains
have moved more towards localization,
and
I would say the cost that call it this
COVID surcharge, call it all the cost
structure that was added over the last
several years,
a lot of it's baked in.
And
we're going to need a fairly big sea
change in automation for a lot of that
to get moved out. And it's starting. If
you look at the automation concentration
in some of the data out of China, they
are
uh scarely ahead uh in terms of
automation. Not all the companies,
not everybody's doing it, not everybody
certainly not everybody in auto is doing
it or doing it the right way.
But in electronics, there's a big big
move in automation.
And that's something we've got to catch
up on the US. So, I I think the big
themes from supply chain perspective
have been localization, a lot of the
cost being entrenched, but this more
rapid move towards automation. And where
everybody is today, it's kind of like
how much how far do I go on conventional
automation? How far can I take that then
with AI? Is there something I can do to
supercharge my conventional automated
equipment? And then, where where do I
draw the line between humanoids? And
where do they come in? Because a lot of
people think humanoids just replace
the manual labor, but it's actually only
part of the story.
&gt;&gt; It is part of the story. Let's take a
quick chat about Optimus and the coming
storm of of supply issues that we may
see there. Uh one thing that they've
done, and this is a smart move, we've
seen this across other brands, Unitree's
done this,
is they recognized immediately that the
actuators the biggest challenge, we need
to make those ourselves.
Uh Tesla also has uh
designated which chips are going to be
used. They've got that, it appears,
sorted out. They're on very good terms
with the manufacturers of the chips.
What are the likely bottlenecks in this
new frontier of of product and the
supply for it? And how localized is that
going to be?
&gt;&gt; It is going to start off
not as localized as that each of them
want to be in end state. So, a lot of
companies a lot and this is I mean,
China is really got it out ahead of the
electromechanical
supply chain
in humanoids. But I want to caution
people, what you see in these videos
is not the complete story from any any
of these companies. And again, it it's
owning the reliability piece and being
chief quality officer,
there's so much work to do on these
products just to make them viable
products that can last all they can work
all day
and then last for a couple of years.
Like, you don't want to buy these things
at, you know, at their cost and have
them just burning out every four to six
months. So, I would just caution what
people see in video and demo videos
versus reality, but the biggest
bottlenecks are going to be the
electromechanical supply chain to start.
It's also the biggest cost concentration
in the product as well. There's
estimates that it's
upwards of 60 to 70% of the total
cost right now to build a full bipedal
humanoid are in these electromechanical
actuators. And I think companies are
going to take an approach
I think there's going to be a broad
supply chain. I think there's going to
be a lot of suppliers making them.
I think a company like Tesla is going to
make most. I'm not sure they're going to
make all. It'll be interesting to see if
they they pick and choose based on
complexity and performance needs.
That is
the bottleneck and then the localization
of that is a bottleneck.
I would say
on the inference side, I would say that
there are platforms out there, but it's
not clear to me that
the everything robot that can be
generalized and trained that like
there's a good inference solution out
there today.
You know, we have Optimus with AI 4
doing some stuff today.
The question is is
how much can that do?
And how generalized can it be? But
Tesla's got AI 5 coming out right behind
it.
And I think that's more of the broader
plan. So, I think you're going to see
this electromechanical bottleneck. I
think it's a real bottleneck. And I
think it's beyond just can they make
enough of them. But these things just so
people understand like these things
start at at a complexity level where
they're individually being machined in
many cases. And this machining time
could be 30, 40 I mean, it could be an
obscene amount of time. And what people
don't understand about manufacturing
metals and so forth or even even other
materials,
if you need the kind of tolerances where
you have to machine the part to to
you're at a very high cost structure and
you're at very little supply. So, that's
where
that's where a lot of this has started
and now it's trying to progress to,
okay, can I make a part where I can
it does not have to be machined. It can
be casted in some form and then there's
just some light machining afterward. So,
now we're going through that transition
of how do you get the machining time
down? First off, you have full
machining. Now, how do you get that time
down? And then how do you get, you know,
these parts coming out more quickly?
Some companies are just going to throw a
tremendous amount of money at and say,
whatever
it is, it is and and and we'll just get
more If you if you know that some of the
famous stories behind,
you know, the MacBook and and what Apple
did uh when they started introducing a
lot of metal in their product, they they
were buying up all the machining uh
that was available in China. So, this is
a a decade in the making or more
and the constraints are going to be
there. It's going to in in
electromechanical and
it's going to start local It's going to
start generalize in terms of or
globalize in terms of supply chain and
then it's
they're going to really focus on try how
to localize it.
&gt;&gt; So, in prototypes, machining, of course,
makes sense. Uh in mass production, I
was while you were talking, I was
picturing a giant factory filled with
CNC machines, each one producing a femur
every 36 minutes and that is not a
reasonable path to scaling. Uh so, that
that makes sense when you explain it
that way.
&gt;&gt; Uh we're going to say they're there
today, Brian. Like, we're we're I mean,
I think they're making that transition
and they're working that down. We just
don't know. It's opaque. Like, we we're
we're sitting here like we haven't seen
an Optimus demo in months, but we have
no idea. I mean, we have some idea,
obviously, when we can get intelligence
from the supply chain, but that's even
far more opaque.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. And it's uh and then you're
looking through peepholes that that only
show you the narrowest sliver of the of
the equation.
And I
some fun stats for you on Unitree. I
don't know if you know these, but the
warranty, this may not surprise you of
all people,
is 8 to 12 months on consumer products
and 12 to 18 months on the EDU products.
And except in Europe where it's 2 years
by law.
Any consumer good needs to have a 2-year
warranty on electronics. And uh
And the warranty does not include
misuse, abuse, or normal wear and tear.
Sorry, what was that third one?
Normal wear and tear. Okay. I don't know
what that means.
&gt;&gt; is
the the way warranties are written. I
have a lot of experience in this. You
really have to understand
what you're buying because the warranty
is a reflection of what they know about
the product. If they're cuz sometimes
people would just get caught up on the
time span, but then you actually read
it. I I mean, I don't know if people are
aware of this for
a long period of time and it's still
mostly true today.
There are smartphones that have an IP68
rating which says that they're sealed
for dust and they're you you can
submerge them from a liquid ingress
perspective. But in the in the actual
warranty and in the actual product,
there are liquid detect labels and if
those are tripped, they'll you know,
they'll either chalk it up as abuse or
they won't cover the product unless
there's an exception. So, I I think
people really need to understand what's
happening here and that there's going to
be I think tremendous financial risk.
So, I think companies that launch these
robots that are going to do really well.
Cuz there's going to be a lot that just
launch and burn out. We saw it with EVs,
right? Even in China, a lot of companies
start up, burn out, start up, burn out,
start up, burn out.
The ones that are going to do well are
going to be very well capitalized that
can stand behind their product. and then
build something that is really fit for
purpose. When Optimus gets out of a
Tesla or an Elon company factory,
you know, that product will have a
proper warranty and should last a period
of time where the economics work. That's
a won't let a product out if it doesn't.
So, that's going to be an interesting
thing to watch on the warranties.
&gt;&gt; What I'm most uh interested in is how
long will it take for Cortex to train up
uh
what people already expect Optimus to
do. Cuz it's a it's a lot it's a lot of
work and I don't even know how you cut
into a project of that size.
But the reality is when it ships next
year, end of next year perhaps, uh it
will have a lot of functions, a lot of
uh capacity. But it won't do everything.
It's not meant to do everything on day
one. I don't think there's enough
compute in the world to enable that
capacity today uh for the for the
training. Because we forget how many
different tasks we can do.
But it doesn't have to do everything. It
has to do a few dozen is what uh Unitary
is hoping to get to. Tesla, I assume is
hoping to get to hundreds or thousands
of tasks.
Um it's I know people are saying, "Well,
next year they'll be doing surgery." I
hope not. I don't think next year's the
correct year for Optimus to be doing
surgery. Uh not on anyone uh human at
least. Uh but we shall see. Any missing
concerns on the supply chain? I could
mention real quick that uh you can
subscribe. Hey, that's if you like
videos like this, you can do that. It
costs you nothing and I'm out here doing
the work the best I can. Uh Anything
we're missing on the
&gt;&gt; No, I I think I think in in the upstream
supply chain, uh there are going to be
surprises, but I I think it's going to
be this how many actuators in the world
and what level of performance and
tolerances do they actually produce? And
that's a that's a mind-numbing thing for
a podcast to talk through, but it's the
actual reality of it's the actual
reality of how well these things work.
It's just not you can't just go to the
actuator store and buy an actuator and
pop it into Optimus' elbow. There's
there's very critical tolerances that
need to be met and what and soon as
those as the tighter those tolerances
get the narrower your supply chain gets.
Your supply chain gets narrower, who can
do the part, how many parts can they
produce, and then the cost get bigger.
So,
companies like Tesla, they're going to
want to
get enough Optimus out there to do that
critical training work that you
described. And I I I'm glad you called
out
the need there. I mean, I honestly said
that the needs for this are going to be
massive cuz I know there's people that
are asking today like if SpaceX is
running out compute, why isn't Tesla?
And you're right, today I don't know the
actual exact utilization and loading on
Cortex, but there's certainly going to
be a tremendous amount of compute needed
to train
Optimus. But in terms of the supply
chain, I think electromechanical is key.
There will be other surprises. Finally,
in the product final product
integration, I have questions as a
product person. How are these things
going to be sealed for liquid ingress?
How
um how impervious are they to like I
mean, these things could be walking
outside. There could be high humidity
inside of a particular facility that it
could, you know, walk through a puddle.
Like like how impervious are these
things to liquid? And I I I just think
there's a whole set of reliability
use cases that have to be worked
through. There's a whole set of uh
current drain
uh use cases that have to be worked
through. I just
there's a tremendous amount of work to
go from, you know, serving popcorn to I
can put in you know, 10-hour shift in
the factory.
&gt;&gt; And serving popcorn is even being
perhaps a little generous.
It's uh
it's you or I would be fired uh within
minutes at that job if we performed in
that way unless we
It's that's the thing is it is unless we
looked that good uh which, you know.
And you know, the sunglasses are doing a
lot of the heavy lifting in Optimus's
case cuz when you see the realize
they're hilarious.
So guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Uh huge thanks to Jeff
for showing up and helping out. I am
presumably in Nepal at the moment. So if
this feels a few days out of date, that
is probably why. Uh so yeah, let us know
in them comments below. Everyone else
like, subscribe. Uh you can do all those
things and so many more to help out and
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots.
Yes, robots uh in this very exciting
future.