Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Grok BOT Will BOOST SpaceX Stock - And DOMINATE Enterprise AI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjJVhbvQ6OY
Published:   2026-08-19 20:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-19 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Grok bot is out. Grok bot is a space X
AI product by the cursor team and the
Grok team. And the Grok bot, what we
have seen so far, is pretty tremendous.
We make this update quick. You all you
need to know is Grok bot turns AI from a
chat window into a 24/7
workforce. And what does that mean? It's
not just a smarter chat bot. This is a
thing you download to your desktop. You
can look watch a lot of videos on that
stuff. It's all over the place now on X,
on YouTube. But Grok bot can be
downloaded on your desktop. And then
once it's on your desktop, you can give
it access. It has a little browser
inside itself.
And this browser in Grok bot allows you
basically to then do a lot of cool stuff
because Grok can ask you for access to
all kinds of websites, for example.
Uh websites where you can now, for
example, give it access to LinkedIn. And
I have, by the way, here a little
uh a little video that shows you how
this works. So here's Grok bot. It signs
this person right now into Salesforce.
You have that chat. You have all your
little agents on the left side. We're
going to watch this video twice so I can
explain everything. But sales outbound,
for example, you create that little Grok
bot agent. These are like your
employees, right? It's very interesting
how they did it. We did the same thing
with DroughtNear, by the way, with
Pioneer bot.
Uh which is our Pioneer Lands AI. But
they have all these employees on the
left side that you can create. These
are, first of all, just these chat
windows. But then you can train them to
do specific things. And they can do much
more than a normal chat. They can
actually go, for example, here. Let's
watch it again. Sales outbound.
They can ask for access to your
Salesforce. You sign that agent into
your Salesforce. And now the agent is
you and has access to your sales force
and can start working on everything. You
can give it access to your Slack, your
bank account if you want, to all kinds
of things, to your emails, to your
LinkedIn. You can create a LinkedIn
access for chat uh for Grok and tell it,
"Okay, overnight, please, you know,
summarize everyone I know and who's the
most important contact I have to do ABC
and write them an email or prepare an
email for me."
So, you see, this is a pretty exciting
thing that is happening here.
And I think the team did a tremendous,
tremendous, tremendous job on making
this happen, right? So, they have a
dedicated cloud computer, work continues
after you disconnect. So, it's not on
your desktop, you can just close your
laptop and go to sleep while that thing,
Grok bot, keeps working. It has direct
software access, as I just showed you.
It has multi-bot coordination, so these
bots on the left side can coordinate
with each other and you can even have a
chief of staff who works with all of
them while you're asleep. It has
workflow learning, you can record your
screen, do whatever you do and tell Grok
bot learn how to do the same thing. It
has persistent memory, of course, and it
has approval checkpoints, right? You can
say, you know, when when it should stop.
So, this is early beta. Uh it's a little
expensive, cost 200 bucks a uh month or
300 bucks for a super Grok heavy, then
it's included. Grok Ultra gets it also.
And I think this The bottom line here is
this is
a decisive step of SpaceX into that
space and they will probably be a big
winner. This is where they leapfrog
Anthropic a little bit. They're going
into cloud cloud co-work and they're
going into ChatGPT Codex, but they take
it to the next level, as you saw. This
is much more workforce enterprise AI.
This is much more for non-coders who
just want to do stuff. Let's
get in this weekly brief update into the
models just very, very quickly what's
happening. Grok 4.6 released on August
12th, as we covered before. See the full
weekly brief go to pioneerlands.org.
Every single week we will cover the most
exciting and important news from the AI
frontier from Grok Anthropic Claude Chat
GPT and the Chinese models of course so
you are up to date and understand how
the world is changing very rapidly right
now. Also by the way we have a capital
and stocks
weekly update and we have a political
weekly brief now all on pioneerlands.org
so I hope to see you there.