Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Could THIS Help Aptera Survive?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpQWkv7uADw
Published:   2026-09-19 20:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-19 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Carbon fiber is in a lot of products
that you may find interesting in the
automotive space. Well, there's a carbon
over wrap on plaid motors. Those are
gone. Well, the semi motors still have
them. Uh there's also a terra's entire
body, the shell, the monok if you will.
There's a lot of applications for carbon
fiber. Well, what there isn't is a lot
of carbon fiber production in the US, at
least in meaningful ways that are
sufficiently sophisticated to make these
things happen. I've got a very special
guest today. I've got Russell from
Carbon District who has come up with a
new way of making the carbon fiber uh
that is difficult to replicate and he
might just be on to something. Let's
find out. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; Hi Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to have you.
&gt;&gt; Uh sorry we didn't get a chance to
connect at the Rivian event. It was
busy. We were both busy. Uh yeah. So
Russell is in the Pacific Northwest
here. uh and clearly an EV afficionado.
Uh you've seen a variety of applications
of carbon fiber. You've seen uh body
panels on exotic cars. Uh you've seen
the frames of the the frame of the
aptterra. I have looked through some of
your material and I am of the opinion
that you could stand to potentially save
aptterara uh several baskets filled with
money. Uh would you say that's a fair
assessment?
&gt;&gt; I would say so. Um the the main
difference between uh their sheet molded
compound that's I believe currently is
being manufactured in Italy. Um
&gt;&gt; that was the last
&gt;&gt; yeah CPC was purchased by a Japanese
company. So they now have a lot more
backing and money. Um it could be
because uh you know composite technology
is it's definitely the future and
there's a lot of investment in it. Uh
we're not really doing a lot of it here
in the US. I mean the the stuff that we
do here is very allocart offtheshelf
like kiln uh autoclave stuff where
they're you know using pre prague and
it's extremely manual and very labor
intensive to produce one object out of
it only one
&gt;&gt; well the BMW i3 was that the one that
was carbon fiber body and I've had a
chance to look at it stripped down to
nothing they had one in the kind of
display area at Monroe and Associates
when I was out there for a tour. And
it's fascinating, but it's a very
complicated shape and the cost on
something like that quickly gets
prohibitive. U steel is easy to work
with. Uh it's something that we got
sorted out what a hundred years ago,
probably 70, 80 years ago at the at the
at worst. Um why why go carbon fiber at
all? Why don't we just stick with steel?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Conventional wisdom would uh
tell you that you wouldn't want to mess
with something that's significantly more
sophisticated and complex to
manufacture. Uh and that's really been
the reason why this has remained in like
you know exotic car bodies and whatnot.
And I mean a lot of the medium to large
scale production is actually sheet
molded compound. So, it's it's very
similar to what they make uh like uh
like if you see drills at Home Depot,
the body of that is an injection molded
plastic. It's most likely a nylon and
it's glass filled. But that process of
injection molding with an actual fiber
in it is it's the basic process that
makes that possible. You can add carbon
to it, but usually it's very low
percentage. So, you are stuck with very
large amounts of plastic. They are
pretty durable, but um they're heavy and
they the molds are expensive and you
know, you can't really produce a lot of
shapes in certain sizes with without
great expense. Uh it's like um small
parts are reasonable, but when you're
talking about like the size of a car,
you're not going to make a car out of
thick, you know, nylon or you can, but
and Aera is essentially doing that. Um,
they have the ratios just right and the
geometry right and it's it's expensive
still, but they're they're doing it. I
believe their infill ratio is like
actually I don't know what it is, but
it's it's not super high. It's just high
enough to add a significant amount of
rigidity, but it's basically a plastic
frame.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so carbon fiber is a cloth
kind of imbued with glue more or less.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, now when you're looking at
something that's bulky and very
lightweight like the shell of a of an
Aera, shipping those from Italy seems
ridiculous because you're going to have
a 40ft container. You might fit eight in
it. You're paying for the whole
container no matter what. Uh, that
transit's going to be probably 2500. Not
counting the dock on either side, not
counting getting to and from the dock,
not counting any potential uh tariffs.
Uh that is that is the shipping cost is
insane. And I'll tell you, anybody
picking up that container will assume
it's empty based on the weight. I mean,
right there, that would give even a
relatively small operation a potential
cash advantage, cost advantage if they
could actually provide the parts at
scale. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. And the the shipping is crazy cuz
they they would have had to actually
account for the design in the actual
transfer of those parts. So, whoever was
designing that, because I I've seen the
designs and they're impressive in the
way they interlock and definitely they
know what they're doing, but literally
they would have to come up with a design
that also accommodated for transport uh
nested stacking and stuff in order to
make it even somewhat viable cuz it's so
high volume that the in terms of the
actual space it takes up versus the
weight is you can lift it with one hand
almost. I think it like one person or
maybe two people can lift the entire
frame with ease. You will notice that in
the US there's an abundance of bronze
statues that are six feet tall and
almost none that are 8 feet tall. And
it's because once you crate an 8-ft
statue, it doesn't fit upright in a
shipping container. So, uh, don't ask me
how I know. It's definitely not because,
uh, my wife really wants a bronze statue
of Sasquatch for the front yard.
&gt;&gt; She wants it 8 feet.
&gt;&gt; She wants it. She says she wants it
eight feet. And I said, "Ah, slap it on
a plinth. No one will notice." But I
&gt;&gt; You're gonna get some platform shoes for
it.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's why I insisted that
it would have to be um biologically
correct, which is to say at the back you
would need to have a visible zipper
because that's scientific accuracy.
&gt;&gt; It's funny.
&gt;&gt; When you live in Sasquatch country,
&gt;&gt; it's it's the thing. Uh you have to
honor your local cryptids. Hey. Uh, in
Nepal, uh, theirs is the Yeti. And you
know what they use for all their merch?
The same one we do, but painted white.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. Isn't that that's clever.
&gt;&gt; It's interchangeable.
&gt;&gt; It's very
easy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There's a no shortage. So,
uh, how did you get into carbon fiber?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I just wanted a a simple ring for
myself. I never imagined I would get
into all this mess. Uh, I just, uh, I
saw some cool carbon rings online that I
could not afford. So, I ended up buying
the probably even over the amount of the
ring in terms of, uh, products that were
required to make an approximation of
that ring. Um, uh, my dad ended up
wanting one. And that's
&gt;&gt; how you broke even.
&gt;&gt; Well, he hasn't paid me yet.
And with what you paid to make the one
ring, you probably made 10 rings because
Well, I just mean that very first batch
of stuff.
&gt;&gt; I definitely made a bunch of rings out
of that. Yeah, that was um
&gt;&gt; made those out of mini muffin tins.
&gt;&gt; That's great. So, you uh in the process
of making this ring, uh you found a
better way to put carbon fiber together,
and when you looked around, you found
that no one else was having the kind of
success you were. explain that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I I kind of I partially
reverse engineered what Lamborghini was
doing at the time with their uh forged
composite. That's their trademark uh for
a phenolic resinbased u pressure molded
uh frame. That's like a monok that they
were making. Very expensive, very
bougie, super super like complex to make
that thing. It's it's not highly
scalable. I don't think they I don't
know how many they made, but it wasn't a
lot. Um, and I I saw it. I thought that
I could probably It's insane that I
thought that I could do it because even
though I did manage to do it, I should
have not thought that I could do that
cuz u it's a little crazy to think that
you could do something like that.
&gt;&gt; So, what you do is you're applying
pressure rather than just heat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, phenolic resins, uh, that's
what you would normally want for
something like that because you can get
it to flash cure. It's pretty nasty
stuff though. very carcinogenic but you
can't get very good compaction and so
the material is it has more properties
of plastic and less of the composite
which is really what you want. So when
you can increase I I don't do anything
with heat. So the the I actually
purposely design my molds to stay as
cool as I can
&gt;&gt; to cycle a as long as I can over the
duration of compaction so that I can
remove as much plastic as possible. My
my product is carbon with a little bit
of plastic rather than plastic with a
little bit of carbon because most infill
is 60% or or lower,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Mine is more like 78 to to 80.
&gt;&gt; 78 to 80% carbon or
&gt;&gt; that's the carbon. Um,
&gt;&gt; wow. So, I'll tell you the BMW i3 that I
looked at. And I asked, "How much of
this is the glue versus the the carbon?"
And he said, "Probably 30% carbon in
that particular one." I said, "That
seems low." He said, "It's really not
that low." Uh because the glue does a
lot of the heavy lifting.
&gt;&gt; It's very strong. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's very strong. I mean, that's why
they use it. What uh how do they attach
to it? Do you just drill holes in it? Uh
the best way to uh attach composits, I
it depends on the geometry of the part,
but if you want to attach it to metal or
or other pieces of composite, uh you're
going to want to design the joint to
connect like with some kind of geometry,
not like a dovetail, but like a some
kind of a slot. And then you want to use
semiflexible adhesives that stay
compliant over the life of the uh the
part so that you have some amount of um
because composits are crazy brittle like
glass.
&gt;&gt; Well, if you were to make the whole
vehicle out of carbon fiber, would it
creek?
&gt;&gt; Oh, uh no. I think that you would want
to invest in a really good suspension
system though because u the stiffer your
frame, the more you feel every last, you
know, thing. So, I don't think
&gt;&gt; carbon fiber doesn't flex that much.
&gt;&gt; No, you'd be you'd be bounced all over
the place if you didn't have a really
competently designed uh suspension
system, though.
&gt;&gt; That's feel like a race car.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. It's hilarious to me and I hope
someone does it and I don't have to
drive in in it. Uh so your process uh
you're looking to expand from smaller
things to bigger things. Uh I mean so
obviously Aptter is one example. Uh do
you think you could build that better
and not necessarily cheaper but
certainly cheaper you know landed than
&gt;&gt; significantly cheaper I think actually.
Um
&gt;&gt; the the the trick is carbon fiber isn't
actually as expensive as everybody
thinks. It's the way that you obtain it.
So, if you go and buy yourself a roll of
prep prag uh from like a a legitimate
supplier that's giving you the the
actual stuff, not like something that's
kind of something you could buy on
Amazon or whatever for a crazy markup,
but the real thing. Um it's super
expensive because you're buying a
premium product, but it's it's sort of
like going to the store and buying a
pre-made meal rather than getting the
ingredients. Like you you can do so
much. And that that's where my process
became cheap is because I started buying
carbon by the you know 50 pound box. And
50 pounds of carbon is a lot of it's a
huge amount of carbon. It's yeah
gigantic because carbon weighs nothing.
Uh it's it's atomically extremely light.
&gt;&gt; And we actually have some really good
carbon fiber production in the US.
That's it's
I get it from California. Um, it'd be
cool if it was closer, but I get it from
uh a place that can sell me 50 pound
boxes, you know, uh for for almost
nothing. I It's like it's it's very
cheap. Um, and it lasts a year for me
for what I do. I supply several
businesses uh with billet carbon
material that they make things out of
&gt;&gt; and I make rings. Um, so the the main
thing that would make it cheaper though
is it's here and my process uses almost
no plastic,
very very very low amount of polymer. So
what that means is the carbon itself,
you're like shrinking the structure
basically. Uh, so you can make pieces uh
uh pieces of material. You can make
parts that are physically smaller.
They're more flexible because the fibers
are closer together.
&gt;&gt; Cheaper because the most expensive part
of composits is typically actually the
plastic, not the carbon,
which is weird because you'd think that
it was the carbon because everybody
thinks carbon fiber is so cool, but it's
the polymer that makes it expensive, not
the carbon fibers.
&gt;&gt; The machine that makes the carbon fiber
is very expensive, but once you've paid
for it, it just runs. Um, right. If you
were to take a opthoscope, a magnifying
glass on a camera, uh, and look at, for
example, cotton or wool, what it looks
like is a mess. And then if you look at
like a polyester,
&gt;&gt; it looks like science fiction because
the threads are so fine that they're
bundled and then woven and then those
are woven. It's beautiful. I'll see if I
can get a picture up in post. Uh, so
apologies. You don't get to see it,
Russell, but everyone else does.
&gt;&gt; I think I've seen it before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's beautiful. My uh son had an
opthoscope that we bought for Christmas
one year, and it wasn't called that. It
was called like a magic and whatever. I
don't know. But
&gt;&gt; uh and it could take pictures, so it's
cool.
&gt;&gt; It's actually more or less what they
make carbon fiber out of. They uh put it
in a reducing atmosphere and basically
fire it until it's carbonized. Huh.
&gt;&gt; I think they use something called pan
poly acrylic nitral.
&gt;&gt; It's very similar to, you know, cheap
nylon or or what? Polyester. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I thought pan was the devil goat, but
I'm learning so much today. Is there
anything about your process that uh
others struggle to replicate that
surprised you? Like how is it that I'm
able to do it and they're not?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was kind of weird. So uh
within the last 6 months actually I did
some testing and I had a sudden
realization that I was doing
uh stuff with my process that people
struggle to replicate because my
material doesn't have voids.
It doesn't have um inclusions. That's a
really big problem with composits in
general. Um the compaction force is over
32,000 PSI. Uh that that's actually it's
one of the many things that probably
keeps people from messing with composits
like this is it's there's certain things
that you have to put in place in order
to stay safe when you're pressurizing a
device at that it's a lot of that's
you're basically loading up a a a bomb
when you're when you're making a part
like that. So you have to know what
you're doing. But if you do it like I've
I've ran thousands of cycles in the the
mold that I'm currently using and it's I
do that in my pajamas.
So it's pretty easy but it's not easy at
all in the same way. Yeah, people are
not doing this. I think it's mostly
development uh it's a lot of development
uh time and money.
&gt;&gt; So the company is carbon district. Who
are you hoping to reach? Who you who are
you going to talk to next? Who do you
want to talk to?
&gt;&gt; I'd be cool to talk to uh Tesla. Hit me
up. Uh
uh I I don't really want to make the
parts. Um that's not really my goal. I
don't want to make a a bajillion dollars
off it. I I would rather apply the
technology to something uh and have
someone else do it at scale cuz I think
that you could do a lot of cool things
with this process, but a scaled product
I I mean I don't have specific numbers
for you, but I can tell you that this uh
the material is competitive with
aluminum. uh and it significantly
outperforms it
&gt;&gt; in terms of cost.
&gt;&gt; And so it's more expensive than steel,
but not double. And it uh is way better.
It's lighter. It's it's, you know, as as
strong as you want it to be.
&gt;&gt; It's simpler, too. Um because you could
make the entire piece. You can make an
entire piece out of so few pieces.
It's, you know, infinite complexity for
for free essentially.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; It's actually very similar to giga
castings, but uh
&gt;&gt; it vastly outperforms Oh, it's
definitely cooler.
There's a reason why people are using
carbon in sports cars.
&gt;&gt; It vastly outperforms aluminum.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy to look back at
the evolution of race cars, Formula 1
specifically.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, guys, in the comments, what did we
miss? What do we misunderstand? And I'm
going to go ahead and put Russell's
information in the description. You can
check him out. And everybody else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you, clever robots. Perhaps at
one of those Oregon Electric Vehicle
Association meetings where you may bump
into one of, if not both of