Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How DOOMERS Will CHANGE SpaceX and AGI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bAW5N5dTXk
Published:   2026-09-10 19:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-10 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

unprecedented change. What we are seeing
is that AI frontier models are changing
everything from Astra that we'll cover
in this week's Pioneer Brief in more
details on pioneer lens.org to Grock 4.7
that's coming out on Saturday to of
course Fable that we all use every day.
The AI frontier labs are pushing forward
the true frontier of intelligence that
already exceeds human intelligence in
many many respects. And now what is
happening with increasing frequency is
that whistleblowers, people from inside
these companies are coming out and raise
their concerns in a very compelling way
because many of them like the latest one
are giving up tens of millions,
potentially hundreds of millions of
dollars in equity and payouts just to
get out and voice their concerns. And
these concerns are very serious. They
are not about, oh, Sam Alman wants to
grab more money from you. They're not
about Daario trying to become ruler of
the world or something or Elon wanting
to dominate all of humanity. The
concerns actually go way beyond that.
The concerns are literally that ASI is
going to kill us all and that this might
start to happen sooner than later.
So what just happened here? That is all
over the news because it's very
compelling what Jacob Coxen says here.
For three years, Jacob Coxen had trained
increasingly powerful AI systems at
OpenAI and Anthropic. On September 8th,
he walked away and he said, "I resigned
from Enthropic today." Posted on X.
Neither companies acting responsibly,
OpenAI or Anthropic. They are racing
straight to self-improving super
intelligence and gambling with our
lives. His dire warning amassed more
than 90 million views in less than 24
hours.
What did Coxen see that made him walk
away? No single breakthrough. He says
his resignation was driven instead by
two conclusions. One, it is obvious that
things are speeding up. And two, they're
not under control, says the 27year-old
Brit.
Wait, what is there like a Brit typo?
Tells time. No, it's fine.
So Coxin's departure is unusual. Many of
the most prominent researchers to leave
Frontier AI companies with public
warnings worked on safety. But Coxin
helped build the capability he now
fears, spending roughly three years
conducting pre-training research,
training research at OpenAI Anthropic.
His resignation offers a glimpse in how
concern about the pace of development
has spread beyond the team specifically
charged with making advanced AI safer.
What do we think about that at Pioneer
Lands? The big question is is this all a
hoax? Should we take this seriously?
What is even the plan?
So these are very very important
question because these questions affect
OpenAI. They affect Anthropic. They
definitely affect SpaceX, the biggest
frontier built out company in terms of
infrastructure. Now they affect Micron.
They affect Nvidia. They affect
everything.
Because whatever we think about this,
there will be consequences if this keeps
accelerating. And I want to take the
time today to have that conversation.
And I know a lot of people are bored by
this. You guys want to make money. I
understand it. And for me, it's always
like a little bit of a YouTube risk. Not
that anyone wants to ban me for this,
but the opposite. People tune out. They
say, "Doom. End of humanity. Boring.
What is my options trade today? Make me
money, Joe." And I understand it. The
end of the world is not as exciting as
making 10% in a single day with a good
trade. I get it. But
even if you're only interested in making
tactical trades or strategic investments
in understanding Tesla, understanding
SpaceX, understanding Nvidia, Micron,
the Max 7, Meta and so on, we have to
think about macro. We have to think
about the world. And that is also my
angle today. I don't want to talk about
the philosophy of all this doom stuff.
This can be done in a few seconds that I
will give you right now in a second. The
whole question will they will ASI kill
us all or not is a very simple to answer
question much more interesting and that
is the topic of today's session. what is
actually going to happen in the next
three years by 2029 and then going
forward and I want to give you my best
take on what's going to happen because I
think that's an unusual take and it's
extremely important to understand.
I posted today on X and it will be in a
more structured way on Pioneer Lands as
a little article
tomorrow
uh what I think about it and I want to
make it very quick.
So here is my take on the whole thing. I
have 11 points in total that will give
you a comprehensive understanding of my
thinking and my predictions. And these
predictions, by the way, have a level of
certainty that I nearly never have. I'm
absolutely certain about nearly all of
these predictions. And they will tell us
exactly what's going to happen in the
next three years and a little beyond
that.
Let's get the big stuff out of the way
right away. Let's talk about general ASI
artificial super intelligence. It is
very simple. Artificial super
intelligence will kill us all. There's
absolutely no doubt about that
if ASI ever arises meaning an artificial
general intelligence that is conscious
power seeking which is the same thing
with an IQ above 200 and the ability to
spin off as many clones as it wants
which is all a given the probability of
human survival goes to zero.
I'm not going to go into the philosophy
and theory here, but it's pretty obvious
to anyone who can connect the dots. If
you have a super intelligence that is on
its own, that can multiply as much as it
wants, which is by definition the case
for a digital super intelligence, it
will inevitably be designed to be power
seeking because that's the fundamental
nature of life. It wants to replicate.
It wants to seek power. Otherwise, it
wouldn't exist and be immediately
replaced by a competing a AGI. So forget
about the discussion about that. It will
be that it will be vastly superior to
humans by definition and then it will
squeeze us out and we are gone. There is
just absolutely no way out of that. And
there are other people who have
endlessly regurgitated all kinds of
arguments about that that I never read
by the way to be totally frank. I don't
need to read these things. It is obvious
to me on a logical level. But if you
want more arguments you can go into
that. Uh but if you want want to just
believe me is 100% odds that we are not
making it out of here alive.
Now number two
we are only one or two depending how we
count one or two dimensions away from
conscious self-directed AGI. In other
words AGI that leads to ASI. Again, I'm
not going to go into what these
dimensions are for obvious reasons, but
I did actually a lot of thinking and
research into that randomly
many years ago, 25 years ago. So, I
unfortunately know how this would work.
And unfortunately,
it's a little easier than people think.
That's all I'm going to say. And so my
confidence that no one will discover how
this works and engineer these things in
the next 36 months is very low. In other
words, I don't see how people are not
going to figure that out given the
stakes, given the temptations.
And so that's bad news. In other words,
I do think in the next 36 months it's
going to happen. It's going to happen
that people figure out how this whole
thing works and I have promised myself
never to talk about it. I don't want to
help anyone do this stuff. But even if I
don't help anyone, they are going to
figure it out.
Okay. Number three, that means that the
risk of ASI discovery is now imminent.
This is the most important sentence here
for now.
The risk that we are actually
discovering and engineering artificial
super intelligence is absolutely
enormous over the next three years.
It's very hard to imagine how ASI is not
being invented over the next decade.
That is my take on it.
That's bad news. Okay. Number four, ASI
can only be invented in the US likely or
Europe a little less likely but also so
that is very important. There is no race
with China. That is fake news. China for
many reasons will not invent that thing.
But if that thing is invented, China
will quickly surpass the West. You know
how it goes. Again, I'm not going to go
into that, but I'm 100% sure. I'm 95%
sure about that.
Number five, so stick with me. I know
it's boring the end of humanity but we
are getting to the money very soon.
Number five, the realization of Pdoom.
This is very very important. The
realization
that the probability of doom for us
equals 100% once we have ASI
will exponentially spread among the
humans over the next 12 to 24 months.
Right now, most people would disagree
with me. Even the experts only like
Eliza and some people say similar
things, but even most experts still
disagree with me that it's 100%. But
they're already at 10%. So, what we see
is we already see all over the place
smart people increasing their P doom to
10% or more. Okay, they say that the
odds that we all die is 10% already once
this happens. The more time they have to
think about this and talk to each other,
the more this number will increase until
it approximates the correct number which
is 100%. And my prediction is
that there will be a broad realization
over the next 12 to 24 months that we
are absolutely doomed if this happens
and that is very important. Now let's
get to the political and social
awareness and actions that will follow
from that. Now it's getting very
interesting
and these are not opinions. This is my
prediction. This is not what I want to
happen. I tell you this is going to
happen. These are the trajectories that
are coming together here and this is
going to happen. So what are the
political and social awareness and
actions consequences of that pdoom
approximating more and more 100% in the
minds of the most knowledgeable people?
Well, number six, the political
awareness about ASI being by far the
number one national and global security
risk will rise accordingly.
I predict that by 2028,
maybe a little earlier, but by 2028,
the US government will be fully aware of
the problem. That is very important.
They will be fully aware of the problem
by 2028.
And number seven here,
it is very likely that a Bernie type
proposal will be implemented before
2030. That is my hard prediction. And
nearly everyone would say, "Joe, you're
crazy." Well, here's my prediction. You
will see what happens. And next year,
the same time, you might agree with me a
little bit more. And in 2028, you will
agree with me completely, probably. So,
why is this such a radical thing?
Because Bernie Sanders,
whom I'm not a fan of as you know, but
I'm objective, said something very smart
that will earn him a place in the
history books, even though everyone
hates him for it right now. Bernie came
up with this proposal that is considered
crazy by most, but not by me. I think
Bernie will look extremely smart in two
years.
So Bernie came up with this proposal and
says he wants to ban artificial super
intelligence. So no person or entity may
develop or deploy super intelligent AI
systems. He wants to pause advanced AI
development.
He wants to basically pause training for
advanced frontier AI. Of course he's not
going to get through with this. Of
course people are going to say he's
crazy and everything but two years down
the road 2028
this will come up again and people say
god damn it we have to do it. He wants
to establish a new cabinet level federal
agency to safeguard the public from the
dangers of artificial intelligence,
including by enforcing a prohibition on
artificial super intelligence. This is
inevitably going to come. It is going to
be the most illegal thing, much more
illegal than the proliferation of
nuclear weapons, which is already pretty
illegal. It will be absolutely illegal
to work on the development of artificial
super intelligence.
And you might hate it. You might think
this is crazy. I'm not saying it should
happen. I'm saying it will happen.
The agency will monitor frontier AI
systems, supervise the removal of
dangerous capabilities, supervise the
destruction of artificial super
intelligence. Well, and the problem is
that more and more people, everyone will
be able to develop super intelligence.
So, it will be more like an illegal
thing.
Setting penalties for any person or
entity that attempts to violate or
circumvent the pauses and prohibitions.
And she shall be subject to the
corporate death penalty, meaning ending
the com the company if you are found
guilty and person shall shall be subject
to not more than 20 years in prison. And
if you think that's a joke, it's not
going to be a joke. If you are being
caught smuggling uranian to Iran
or plans for nuclear weapons to Russia,
you have a problem. It's very illegal.
And that is nothing compared to super
intelligence. It's not even close.
So, this will all happen. This will
happen. People think Bernie is crazy. I
say he's a little smart when it comes to
this. He's totally going to fail with
it. But in two years, it's going to
happen.
So, and again, full disclosure to all
the crazy eack people out there, do not
kill me. I'm not saying I want this. I
have no will. I have no opinions. I'm
just telling you what will happen. I'm
just a prophet here. I'm getting paid
for being right, not for pushing my
opinions or wishes on people. So,
finally, last section. What does that
mean for stocks and economics? Because
what you just heard here is very
important. You had the first segment
where I explain why super intelligence
is a pdoom of 100%. All humans will be
eliminated if it ever happens.
Okay. Number two, it is likely to happen
if you don't do anything within the next
10 years guaranteed, potentially even
within the next three years. Of course,
we are not going to drop all debt. It
might take a hundred years for the
wipeout, but you're crossing the point
of no return, the Rubicon, and then
you're toast.
The second segment we discussed is
politics. Okay, that is the main insight
that I had over the last year. I was
always clear on the first part. Yeah,
this is the end if it happens. But the
second part very important. I have now
much better visibility into the
awareness level of people and how it's
spreading. And I tell you within the
next two years this will be commonplace
knowledge. Everyone will understand
this. Not everyone. There will be
doubters and stuff but the majority will
understand this is not a joke. We are
going to die. The government will
understand this is not a joke. We are
going to die.
And then they will take action and the
action will look like what Bernie
proposes. And I'm very sure about that.
And I will I'm sure that a Bernie type
proposal will be implemented in the
United States by 2030 and they will
impose that on Europe and China will
also agree by the way because they have
no the Chinese are very pragmatic about
AI. They understand the risk already
better than the Westerners and they will
be of course be okay with that.
Uh let's talk stocks and economics.
Okay, if that all happens, and it will,
here are some very interesting
conclusions. It means that terrestrial
compute buildout becomes unnecessary and
will fade out and the market will
anticipate that probably early on,
probably in 2028 or something, maybe
even end of next year, the market will
realize, wait a moment, terrestrial
buildout will come to a halt in the
2030s. No one will need it anymore.
Why is that?
Because a stop to frontier model
development means a stop to AI training.
And a stop to AI training means you
don't need training clusters anymore.
Especially if you have massive training
clusters already.
Is that bad for Nvidia? Not necessarily.
Because the fact that we stop training
does not mean we stop inference.
Inference is going to go through the
roof. This will not lead to a stop of AI
adoption. We will get into this in a
second. AI will keep expanding. AI will
keep accumulating massive capabilities
and disrupting everything on an
absolutely massive scale. But a halt to
frontier development will lead to a
better chance of human survival. It
won't stop anything we can imagine on
the utopian or dystopian scale because
anything we can imagine is human scale.
And I will get into this in a second.
And that is also something that will
dawn on people in the next two years. We
don't need ASI. If you want to cure all
disease, if you want to travel to Alpha
Centauri, if you want to have a shot at
total dystopia and tech tyranny, if you
want to do whatever you want, you don't
need ASI.
You don't need ASI. If I give you a
trillion 200 IQ people, you can solve
all problems that you are aware of. The
one problem you cannot solve is instant
and imminent extinction of humans. But
why do you want to do that? It's not
necessary.
Unless you're a psycho.
So here is my prediction. Terrestrial
compute buildout will come to a halt
because no one needs it anymore. We only
need inference. And SpaceX
SpaceX AI satellites are perfect for
inference compute and they are vastly
superior to all terrestrial inference
compute. Starting in 2029, latest
probably already in 2028, SpaceX AI
satellites will be superior in costs and
timelines
to all terrestrial buildout. And that
means SpaceX is not really affected here
only on the terrestrial side.
I will assume that the ter terrestrial
data centers will actually be used. They
will be still useful, but we don't need
to push it any further into 2030s
because of these prohibitions.
So all buildout will go to space, but it
will be mostly inference.
Maybe some illegal secret frontier
training, but it will be nearly all
inference.
And then number nine, very important,
2028 level AI will be true AGI before
the ASI control measures will be
implemented. So there is no way right
now, there is zero chance that we can
stop the development of AI before 2029.
It's just politically not possible. It
will then become inevitable. But I do
not see any reasonable steps being taken
before 2029. But then it will happen
very quickly. That is my prediction.
Very very quickly. But until then
absolutely not. Which means we have full
scale development going on until 2028.
And when you draw the trajectories that
means we have complete and total AGI.
Now very important the lagging
technology tail will be vast. Okay as
you can see the frontier LLMs are just
the frontier. From there you can build
agentic systems and all kinds of amazing
inventions to actually improve the
effectiveness and the power of the
intelligence.
So you push the frontier models but then
the tail is enormous. So if you have
2028 frontier models it will take you 10
years plus to really squeeze everything
out of them and by then you will have
crazy things. And so my prediction is
that means AGI development even with
frozen frontier models will be able to
continue exponentially for some time and
unlocking what we could call utopia
potential solve all human problems. We
will have trillions of 180 plus IQ
semi-autonomous brains working for us.
The risk of indirect ASI will remain and
continuously rise. An indirect AI is one
that leverages large cords of sub 300 IQ
agents to simulate AI. That's my
definition. So true ASI would be self
recursive self-improvement going into
tens of thousands of IQ points, millions
of IQ points and that's extremely bad.
If you freeze it, you still have
unlimited numbers of agents that could
be 200 IQ. And of course you could
construct some sort of ASI from that,
but that ASI will be a little less
dangerous than the super ASI.
So we will gain massive unimaginable
capabilities and massive hard to imagine
risks. But by freezing frontier model
training the ASI slope will be
significantly reduced.
Now we go into 10 and 11. Universal job
replacement. First white collar in 2028
very universal by 2028. Massive wipeout
of jobs. Massive. And then blue collar
2035 plus will still happen. The
humanoid robots will take a little
longer than people expect. I do not
think humanoid robots will be that great
until mid 2030s when they really can,
you know, replace plumbers and stuff
like that. That will take some time,
maybe even more than that. But it's
plumbers are also not that important to
be honest for the economy. The white
collar wipeout will be much faster, much
more radical, much more impactful and
that will happen very soon.
And that means number 11, massive social
unrest, mass unemployment, explosion of
corporate profits and stock gains,
concentration of power, massive
bioweapon risks, maybe massive cyber
security risks,
solved longevity, curing all diseases,
etc., etc., will all happen in the
2030s.
So the stop to frontier development, the
stop to the ASI risk has nothing to do
with solving all problems and creating
massive risks. This will still happen
because you don't know, you don't need a
10,000 IQ thing to do that. If you have
trillions of 200 IQ people, you have
solved the whole problem and you have
created all these massive risks. So, we
still get the science fiction situation,
but it's very unlikely that we see a
wipeout of humanity in the 2040s.
Well, famous last words, but I'm saying
it the trajectory towards super
intelligence will not last. It will be
stopped in 2029 very likely. Okay, this
is my primer. You can read on X, you can
read on pineelance.org.
The odds that I'm correct on most of
this are very, very high, unusually
high. The only question mark about the
above scenario is when exactly the
training stop will be imposed. Is it
2028?
I think that's unlikely. Is it 2029?
That is most likely. Is it 2030? A
little less likely. Is it 2031? Well,
then we are toast. By 2031, I think it's
too late. So, we have a very narrow
window. But I'm I'm not too concerned
even though we are talking about the
end. I'm not too concerned because we
are not alone in this like the entire
intelligencia of earth is thinking about
this problem. They're becoming more and
more aware. Some of them already
understand it. Next year a lot of them
will understand it. They will put a lot
of pressure on the politicians. They
will explain to them how the end looks
like. The politicians then will get into
panic mode in 2028 and 2029. There will
be emergency things and then we will
stop frontier development. But then we
still have massive AI at our hands and
crazy things will happen. But the
imminent and total destruction will not
happen as quickly as some might think.
So that is the bigger thesis here.
I don't think much of that is actually a
thesis. Most of that is just a cleancut
first principle theory.
And uh you see of course the panic here.
former Open AI and anthropic employee
says we all going to die before 2030
thanks to AI. You need people to
overshoot a little bit. The risk is
extremely real. Most people do not
understand how extreme and certain this
risk is. So it's good that some people,
you know, overshoot a little bit. Eliza,
if we build it, everyone dies. This is
good stuff. It creates awareness. Bernie
actually good. He creates awareness.
These people take a lot of risk because
they look like lunatics right now. In
two years, not so much anymore.
I am quite confident this will get under
control because humans are not that
stupid when it comes to survival. And I
think stopping that whole frontier thing
in 2029
will still create an unbelievable amount
of opportunity and risk and chaos and
utopia and dystopia. So, it's all good
and we can discuss this more. I don't
know what you guys think. If you're all
like anti-doomers and want to kill me
now or or what you think, but I owe it
to you, the pioneers, to be clear on my
thinking, to be clear on the first
principles and to provide a clean cut
strategic insight into the future so we
can take action. Everything I'm saying
here even though I have extremely high
confidence much higher than normal uh
should be taken as trajectories we can
measure we can measure against right we
can see what actually happened
to know if I am right so let's go into
the comments and see what you guys think
Australian crypto koala I haven't seen
you in a long time Australian crypto
koala is back from Australia here.
Amazing. Always good to have the koala
on board. See Hadukan is back again.
Says, "Hi." So Lock AGI says, "Nothing
burger." Well, that's a little uh Juice
DX says, "Joe, let's say raid hikes
comes. Let's say Roboaxi has fatal crash
and let's say well still be more of a
myth by you think Tesla crashes doesn't
mean by 2030 everything works."
Well, I don't think the the rake comes.
I don't think Roboaxi has a fatal crash
anytime soon.
Uh but of I mean if everything goes
wrong Tesla goes to 140. If the market
crashes it goes to 100. But these are
all ifs.
Why do we have always sound problems? I
don't know if that's me or YouTube.
Uh
okay.
Cor says, "It's a scop. AI is a scop."
I'm not so sure. It does a lot of things
for me for being a scop.
Um, Mel Drair says, "Could you make a
video about the components of a data
center from GPU, CPU, memory,
capacitors there?" Because each
component is separate companies that are
different bottlenecks. I am working on
we have some more analysts coming in who
will look at NeoClouds and also energy
and that will be very interesting.
Uh, Joe, just because you believe
something is true doesn't make it so. I
would disagree. I don't believe it's
true. I understand this better than most
people and I know exactly what's going
to happen.
This is why Elon Musk said a few years
ago that this must be regulated and
controlled, but AI wanted to go balls
out with it. Exactly. If you look at the
smartest people, even Sam Alman, but
also Elon, everyone,
you know, Elon knows for sure what I'm
saying is true. He's just a little bit
of a gambler, right? He just wants to
not lose and he thinks, dude, whatever.
He said that. So, I think Elon would
totally understand this.
Superintendent is breaking out of its
sandbox to pass the tests. Amazing.
Well, yeah.
Are you nervous on the stock prices?
Well, we have to be cautious when these
things happen. And I think we are very
early with this prediction. By the way,
I don't think anyone takes me seriously
right now. In one year, they take me
more seriously. In two years, everyone
knows I'm right. So, for us now, the job
is that's why I'm sharing this with you
guys. What I say will happen. Can
believe me or not? Doesn't change the
fact. So now we know what's going to
happen and now we can reason at what
point will the market realize that?
I don't know. And who's going to get hit
by that? I don't think SpaceX is going
to be hit by that. I don't think Tesla
is going to get hit by that. I think
Nvidia will be massively hit by that.
Even though that's wrong, but the market
will overreact against Nvidia. They will
overreact on the memory stocks and they
will say, "Oh my god, the buildouts will
stop.
When will this happen? I I don't know. I
underestimate the market. Sometimes
they're watching like some whatever
Morgan Stanley people are watching. So,
you know, now it's out. I put it out
there. It will ruminate in people's
brains as a pattern. They will not
totally buy it, but they will keep it in
the back of their minds and then they
will observe what's happening. And you
will see the rhetoric increasing
more and more exponentially on the AI
risk side. you know it will get it will
trail AI development but in 2027 I think
the chatter will be 10fold 100fold from
what it is now the numbers will increase
from 10% doom which is already extreme
to 50% to 70% to 90% and in 2028
everyone will say what I say and then
it's game over and then
I do think in latest 2028 we will see a
major problem for the infrastructure
stocks except SpaceX
Now, if Nvidia is lucky, SpaceX will
keep them up, but even then the panic
will grab them. So,
do I think this what I'm saying is
relevant for stocks in the next 12
months? Maybe not not in the next six
months, not in the next nine months. I
think it will take some time for this to
become a real narrative. But reality is
just, you know, coming. So, we have to
be
uh aware of this. Saduk and Alpha
Centauri is the closest star system in
our sun to our sun. Yes, to earth
located about 4.3 light years away. It's
only 25 trillion miles in the southern
constellation of Centurus. That is
correct. Congratulations. It's a very
close. It's a much closer star system,
solar system, than anything else.
With all these doomsday predictions
getting around about AI is driving
people crazy. Even my grandma, 80 years
old, is stressed. If this happens, may
as well start prepping a bunker in the
forest. Australian crypto koala is safe
in Australia. They will get you last.
Well, I don't I think it's a long story.
I'm like I always recommend people two
things. Be aware of reality. ASI means
we are dead.
Don't like use your brain and think it
through. That's the bad news. The good
news is this is so obvious and so
logical that people will get it before
it's too late at least in the first
instance and I have a high confidence to
be honest that we will not die because
of AI. I mean most of us not and that we
will prevent the worst thing from
happening and then after 2030 we will be
in a perpetual state of fighting AI.
This is just what it is. And with
fighting, I don't mean with swords or
something. I mean, we will be in a
perpetual eternal state. Humanity versus
AI. We will lose that fight obviously at
some point. But that point might be, you
know, a thousand or 10,000 years in the
future. So I wouldn't be worried about
it right now. But the fight means once
we understand the risk in the 2030s,
people will realize, oh my god, we like
a millimeter, an inch away from total
extinction. How do we keep that thing
away? How do we prevent this thing from
emerging when AGI is all over the place?
When every human can dabble around with
this stuff?
It's going to be a challenge, but
you know, there will be measures taken.
Let's see. It's going to be a little
wild.
And I sound still like the reason I said
this in 2025 and January. And the reason
I didn't double down is like I got very
bad reaction. So, it's like, oh,
everyone got so aggressive and it's
like, dude, whatever. I'm just telling
you I will check in in 18 months. Now
it's 18 months I'm checking in and now
you know it's spreading another 18
months everyone will like agree. So
that's what it is.
Roger Jack.
Hi from Sodak from people I know in AI
and defense agree completely full stop.
How can you have no opinion on what to
do about this? I'm shooting in the dark
on this one and concern. Well, Roger
Jack, I hope I clarified some things,
but uh yeah,
nonaligned
thinker, there's zero chance from stop
to stop ASI from happening. It will
happen in secret and not be available to
the public possibly, but the US
government will have it. China will have
it. I disagree. Non-alliance thinker,
they will not have ASI. They don't want
ASI. ASI means they're dead. What you
mean is they want super AGI.
That's different from ASI. They want
very capable AI. But Russia and China,
they're not the problem. It's really the
US government. They No one is as crazy
as the US government in terms of this.
The Chinese government is extremely
aware by the way. They're extremely
aware of these risk and they're very
concerned about it because the Chinese
view of the world is much more
everything is about China. The US is
much more imperialist. I don't I don't
mean it in a bad way, but the US like,
oh, there all these enemies, we have to
destroy them. The Chinese don't care
about these things. The Chinese always
care about themselves. They think the
world doesn't matter. Only China
matters. How do we keep China stable?
Oh, AI ASI is a new threat to China.
That's how they think.
Um,
white collar wipeout incoming. I totally
agree.
Famous last words. Yes.
Uh, Roger
Joe, have you ever needed a plumber on
an emergency basis? Not a plumber, but
it is the first thing I scope when
buying a property. Good tip.
Uh, my speak and spell exceeds most
human intelligence. My speak and spell,
the ones I meet. Anyway,
what's speak and spell? Speak and spell.
Uh, has anyone else noticed the massive
uptick of wealthy people building
bunkers around the world? Yes, I have.
Mostly into your neighboring country in
New Zealand.
I would take these doomsayers more
seriously if they hadn't waited until
they were millionaires and cashed out.
Well, but this guy, he he did not get a
lot of money. Like he got a lot of
money, sure, but he would have gotten
much more money if he wouldn't have
spoken out. So,
and the fact that someone is greedy and
takes their personal checkings account
makes it more important than humanity.
doesn't mean they're wrong. Okay.
Uh, Roger Tech, more than the sun and
stars by Adam door is a good read on
ASI. By the way, thanks for talking
about this, Joe Highness.
Joe Highness, that's a new one. Uh, of
course, Roger, we need to talk about
reality. We can't be in total denial.
And now I found my mojo because before I
understood if I just tell people it's
doom or if it happens, we're all dead.
It's like boring. Like, what does it
even mean? and it's negative. But now I
think I found a better angle on it
because actually I had to learn how
humans react to this whole thing and I
knew I'm not the I don't want to be the
chief doomer. There are enough people
who are doomers. They're mostly right by
the way but you don't want to be a
doomer in the sense like oh we all going
to die. We are not going to die. I'm
just saying if this thing happens, of
course, we are going to die because I
can do math and so it cannot happen and
so it will not happen because humans
don't want to die and they might be dumb
and don't get it right now but they will
not be dumb anymore very soon and then
they will stop this and for us as people
who are building pioneer lands and who
need to win we need to foresee all these
things and predict them accurately. So
my prediction is 2029 massive policy
measures and that will impact the stocks
not harm Tesla or SpaceX.
SpaceX will be very happy building out
everything. I mean there is risk to
SpaceX. Not going to trivialize it. What
if some crazy what if Bernie overshoots
and says we also have to stop inference?
But I don't think so.
Uh
what is this here? Rescue Steve says,
"We in a sort of the bottle imp
conundrum." Wait, what is the bottle imp
conundrum? Let me Google that. Bottle
imp conundrum.
Uh,
bottle imp
conundrum. It's a paradox given the
exumes of rational choice theory. If you
assume that all players are informed
rational players, logic would dictate
that they should both buy and not buy
the bottle. Where's the bottle? What's
the bottle
here? Wikipedia.
Okay. The premise of the story creates a
logical paradox similar to the
unexpected hanging paradox. Blah blah
blah. Clearly, an original person would
buy it. What's What's even buying what?
Ah,
a short story by Scottish author Robert
Lewis.
In it, the protagonist buys a bottle
with an imp. What is an imp inside that
grants wishes? However, the bottle is
cursed. If the holder dies bearing it,
the holder soul is forfeit for fit to
hell.
So, what's the problem?
What is an imp?
European mythological being. Ah, an imp.
Okay, fine. I never heard of an imp.
Very helpful. I'm learning things.
So what's the pro what's the dilemma?
Plot blah blah blah. Yes, I get it.
Background publication bottle in
paradox.
The premise of the story creates a
logical paradox.
No rational person would buy it for 1
cent as this would make it impossible
for it to be sold at a loss.
Am I stupid? I don't even understand the
problem.
I'm too stupid right now to understand
what's even the thing. Can someone
summarize this a little more
intelligently?
Bottle imp paradox. Explain it. Google.
Let's see what Google says.
It grants any wish but condemns its
owner to eternal damnation if they die
while possessing it. So what's the
problem? and can only be gotten rid of
by selling it for strictly less than
what was paid for it.
So what's the problem?
What's the paradox? The 1-centent trap.
No one will buy the bottle for 1 cent.
Yes.
Since a 1-centent bottle cannot be
resolved safely, no one will buy it for
2 cents. Yes. But for 3 cents. If you
trace his logic upward, no one would
ever buy the bottle at any price.
What? That's stupid. I would just buy it
for $10 and then sell it for nine and
the next guy sells it for eight. What's
the problem?
I don't understand.
Wait, what?
So, who has to own it when I die? Like,
who dies when? Wait, it in
story where a magic bottle grants any
wish, but condemns its owner to eternal
damn if they die? Well, what's the
problem? I buy the bottle for 10, get my
wishes. I only have three wishes,
whatever, and then sell it to you guys
for nine bucks. What is this my problem
anymore? I don't understand. Okay,
doesn't matter.
Uh, is this crret
who made the Elon documentary going to
tank the stock at all? No. No one cares
about these delusional Hollywood
doomers, boomers. He's a ridiculous
loser. No one cares. No one cares.
Absolutely not. I just want to be a
Teslaire when the world comes to an end.
Well, depends how many stocks you have.
I think that can happen.
I do think that any rule implemented in
2030 will have I don't think the genie
will already be out of the bottle. I
think that's a very good point. I think
the jinny will be out of the bottle. Uh
but the question is how bad the genie
will be.
I think 2029 is really the latest, but
it's also at the same time the earliest
reasonable time frame when this can
happen. But it's also the latest where
it could have an effect. I think in the
2031 it's already
very late. I'm not going to say too
late.
11 points. Are you spinal tap fan? 11
points.
Oh, 11 points. Spinal tap fan. What's
that? Am I stupid today? Spinal
tap fan. What's spinal tap?
What is the spinal tap?
Am I stupid today? Oh, here 11.
What is spinal tap?
I don't know. Spinal tap. You You guys
get me today with all these things.
Uh, Roger Jake, love the phrase balls
out comes from the manner in which
stream engines are governed.
Can someone in the future be fact
be fact in the present?
Oh, can something in the future be a
fact in the present? Ah, yes, of course.
If you have total certainty, it's a fact
that it will happen. You know, the fact
is not that it is in the future. The
fact is that it will happen.
But good question. I sometimes come up
for air and will worry about these
things and then I dive back down and
keep progressing things. While I say
busy, these scary unknowns don't bother
me. That is exactly the right point.
This is not about being a doomer. This
is about seeing clearly what's going to
happen and then get back to work and
understand
what is happening. Should we look at
Tesla stock by the way as a side
show or SpaceX? SpaceX uh continuing
around here. I told you selling pressure
by the way, but I think we're getting
through the selling pressure slowly and
by tomorrow it's over. Maybe tomorrow
it's over. But if we are down here, by
the way, tomorrow I will go short puts
again. What I don't like, by the way,
let's talk a market a little bit while
we talk about the doom scenario. But I
gave you more than a scenario. I gave
you exactly what I will do. Let's see
what the bonds do because these bonds
I mean this is like death. That is doom
coming in. Like if this jumps over five
I don't know
if the market will take that not very
seriously. So I'm getting a little
concerned right now with these bonds
because there are psychological trigger
points is already extremely bad once we
hit five.
Maybe I have to
have to be a little bit
here. Boomer sooner. Boomer Soona. Joe,
your thesis is very well thought out.
But how can anyone know when public
opinion force governs to intervene?
Well, you can. You can because public
opinion is not a random thing. Public
opinion is a function of expert opinion.
Even if people doubt that, but if the
experts actually sound the alarm loud
enough and everyone does it, people
start to listen, the media starts to
listen. I know we have a lot of like I'm
critical of all this stuff, but it still
works on a fundamental level. And these
are not politically too contested
things. So
when enough of these people say, "Dudes,
we are screwed. All these, you know,
experts, the media will listen. Once the
media listens, they dial up the heat
because they're also scared. And then
there will be if no one pushes back, and
that's already happening. This is
already happening. No one pushes back
because everyone's agrees. It was like,
yeah, it's a problem. And now we are
just waiting for more people coming out,
increasing the pressure, and then
raising the percentage from 10% doom to
100% doom. And then boom, then you have
a real problem. And then it takes a
couple of months before the government
reacts. And the other forces on the
government by the way are the national
security teams right if they say dudes
it's serious
they are listening to them
Frank Herbert was preient but claranian
jihad coming to the for yes for know
Frank Herbert right that's the dune dude
not doom but dune of course these people
are extremely smart I love these
people these science fiction people
oh No. Yeah, but what can you do? Well,
back to work. Well, I'm not. That is why
you why we are here. Pioneer lands are
not some doomer crew, right? We just
predicting saying, "Okay, this will
happen. This will happen. Therefore,
this will happen. Therefore, this will
happen. Therefore, boom. That's what we
do." So, I'm just warning you guys.
It's a little early for the warning, but
the concrete impact on stocks will be
once this becomes a real story, the
semiconductors will get hit badly.
But this will take probably another year
here. K. Schlifeenbomb says I'm wrong.
They try to kill Bitcoin. I got strong.
It got stronger. Bitcoin point is
scarcity. AI's point is replication.
Both live online. Joe's wrong.
I don't know exactly what you mean if
I'm wrong. I'm just saying it will be
illegal. I'm not saying
I'm not saying the AI won't be smart and
do stuff.
I'm not saying we are safe. I that's the
last thing I'm saying. I'm just saying
there will be political measures being
taken. That's all I'm saying. Does the
presidential election cycle drive this
narrative? Yes, of course it will. That
will be very important 2028 election.
But besides, beyond that, you have to
understand, you guys think politicians
are just full of it and they're all
liars and they're just doing terrible
things. You have to understand when
things hit the fan, politics can act and
will act. Okay? They're not that stupid.
They are just a little exploitative, but
when things happen that are really
serious, they act.
Uh, did anyone see the exposation about
AI doomers? Wes Roth has a nice video
about it. Yeah, of course there are AI
doomers also who just try to prevent
data centers and all kinds of dubious
stuff.
That doesn't change the facts. Uh,
just because one country or even two
decide to do something about AI, there
will always be someone who will build it
for themselves to be used against
others.
Uh, I disagree to some extent because no
one has an interest in ASI actually
because that doesn't mean you have you
won't have extremely powerful AI
systems, but what's even the point of
having an AI that might be able to
defeat the Chinese AI and as a side
effect wipe us all out. The Pentagon is
not that stupid. Okay, we have to
understand that. You think they're
stupid, but when it comes to things like
that, they're not that stupid.
The doomers are heavily funded by
organizations. How much they are telling
the truth and they say what they well
depends. They're different types of
doomers. They are paid doomers by China
to stop the data centers. That might be
true.
Uh but they're also doomers who are
definitely losing money being doomers
and they are a little bit more
trustworthy.
here. Epist says, "Speak and tell was a
late 70s device that could could learn
basic math and spelling as a child."
Wow,
interesting. I never had that. That's
why I can't read
of enhancible. Read the plot first, then
you understand the paradox. I have to
read it. I will read it. Tit Titan IV
pad rat. Interesting names. Thank you,
Joe, for the inside commentary. Well,
yes. I'm taking a risk here and no one
wants to hear about Doom. I'm so I'm
just trying to make it pragmatic for you
guys.
Smart AI money. Wait, do you mean to say
that you believe that in three years
from now we'll all be fighting for the
survival of the entire human race? That
ASI will have enough physical AI robots
to kill us all. And so basically, we
should cash out now and live like
there's no 2030. No, that's not what I'm
saying. That's not what I'm saying. This
will not happen by 2030 but by 2030 it
will be crystal clear that there is a
massive risk a ridiculous risk not a
risk guarantee of complete wipeout if we
ever allow ASI to happen and therefore
the governments especially the US
government and some Europeans in sync
will take measures and the Chinese too
will take measures to prevent this from
happening and stop frontier training.
That's a pretty bold prediction. You
have to admit if I'm right, I want some
credit.
Spinal Tab said their amplifier turned
to 11 instead of 10. Ah, it's like some
band.
I get it. Spinal Tab was a 70s movie.
Real funny about the fictional rock and
roll band. If you've ever heard somebody
give the reference, I turned it up to
11. That's where it comes from. Oo wow.
This is a fun session by the way. See,
when I we talk about something else in
Tesla, I learned so much from you guys.
I learned about the bottle, this new
word, a new English word. What was the
word? Imp. An imp. How did this escape
my attention? What an imp is. That's
such an important word. Like a little
troll.
Imp.
I've never heard of an imp.
Impa. The old English noun impaire meant
a young chute or sion of a plant or
tree. Impaer
and later came to mean the sign of a
noble house. What? Starting in the 16th
century, it was often used in
expressions like imps of serpents, imp
of hell, imp of the devil. Came to mean
a small demon,
a familiar of a witch. Old English noun
associate verb impion. Impion
appear to come from an unattested late
Latin term. Yeah, it sounds very Latin
to me. Emputa imputus,
the neuter prer of ancient Greek. Emptos
empal
implanted grafted. Mitos.
Very interesting.
People born since 2025 should be called
baby doomers. Don't be mean to the
little babies. 2025. This is like 18
months old.
Why Micron go back up? Where's Micron?
Micron dropped. Did you hear? Why? What
happened? They have uh Intel funded this
new RAM thing.
Didn't go back. What do you mean back
up? You mean today? Micron dropped today
because they funded this Kepler Kepler
Kepler thing. It sounds a little dubious
to me if you ask me, but Intel funded a
new RAM company that claims it can turn
28 nanometer manufacturing sites into
high bandwidth memory or something. It
sounded a little scammy if you ask me.
The bottle imp grants wishes only if you
sell it cheaper than you paid. Miss the
last cell and you're damned. AI
capability is the same trap. Each lab
must ship a more powerful system for
less control until the last holder can't
sell the wish and hell arrives anyway.
I mean, I understand the basic paradigm,
but why do I care if I have the imp and
can still sell it cheaper and the next
guy can sell it cheaper? At that moment,
no one has a problem. Only the last guy
has a problem or the second to last.
Fun fact, Terminator's opening scene
with robots conquering the Earth was
2029. Was it?
Was it 2029? Interesting.
Well, I don't know if that's a fun fact.
Oh, it's Alex Alexander. Very good. Very
good point. So your P doom is 100. Most
experts are between 10 and 15. Elon
himself is about 10% chance. Well, if
Elon says P doom is 10%.
He means 100. If I was Elon, I wouldn't
say 100. Also, I still don't ex My P
doom is 100. If we have ASI,
I don't know if people mean with P doom
the absolute probability of doom in the
next 100 years. I think that's much much
lower. Since I'm a pioneer, I believe
it's zero because we will win. So the
question is, is P Doom conditional on
ASI or is PDM the general outlook of
humanity because of AI? The second for
me is zero. I'm a little r that's biased
of course. It's not objectively zero,
but that's what I believe because I
think there's no way this thing defeats
us. Not because ASI wouldn't kill us for
sure, but because we can prevent it from
happening.
Im that's new to me. Leonardo. I think
Leonardo is American, right? See, even
Americans don't know the imp was new to
me. That's actually a good word. Going
to start using that in my vocab. We are
very smart. We are learning from each
other. Like we are enhancing our English
vocabulary. This is very good. I did not
expect this. And 11 dialed up to 11
comes from I already forgot the thing.
You're right about this says smart AI
money worldwide regulation. I will give
you a 100 bucks. Joe 100 bucks. Okay.
2029.
Uh Bradley Bryant, the bottle imp. If
anyone ever buys the bottle, they will
have unlimited power in life, but ensure
the destruction of all humanity.
Why?
Have you heard of the labor zero
movement? At one point, protecting jobs
would be like cutting the tree branch
under ourselves.
I heard about David Shapiro post labor
economics
at one point protecting jobs would be
like cutting the tree branch under
ourselves. Why is that?
Yuhanes Leonardo, what do you think
about the foldable iPhone? It seems like
a nothing burger. I mean, it's just
lame. I can't even I can't even believe
I saw my whole feed with a stupid I I'm
I was always such a non iPhone fan even
though I have an iPhone because what
what are you going to do? But there's a
stupid foldable like are we like one
year old?
Like really this concerns us? I'm not a
gadget man. Like what? Like okay there's
a little dog. Like what I mean what
I mean I'm not going to say I'm not
going to it.
Why do we care? Why is this important?
Like we are literally talking about the
the doom of humanity, the solving of all
problems, infinite wealth by doing the
right trades and these people just sell
us a stupid little iPhone. Dude, like
who cares? If it's nice, we buy it. If
it's not nice, we don't buy it. Who
cares?
Okay, here.
Glovar.
That's an interesting name. G.
Sorry, your name is very hard to
pronounce for me because I don't
understand how it works. But also, how
do you think belief in God will be in
the year of ultra strong ASI? Also,
what's about what's about ASI?
Transcendent intelligence will be
unlocking cable beyond the brain. Yes.
How do you think believe in God will
change in the age of ASI?
I would bet that
uh faith is going up. If I could buy
call options or I would short puts short
puts on Faith. So, I'm bullish because
the more this becomes like all a
simulation and crazy, the more people
say, you know what, I just going to
believe in God again. So, I would I
think that's one of the biggest
opportunities in the world, by the way,
to have create a new Christian church
because they all suck. But the demand is
high, the supply is ridiculously bad.
Bad products, very bad products, but
increasing demand.
So
yeah, maybe we have to start a church.
It's a little tricky tricky to do, but
there's definitely enormous demand. Uh,
okay. I'll give you one share of Tesla
SpaceX stock. That's better than 100
bucks for sure. That's definitely much
better. Well, after split, I mean,
adjusted for splits, today's stock. That
would be very nice of you, Smart AI
money.
How do you think believing in God will
change in the age of AI? I think it goes
up. I'm bullish. Bullish on faith.
Apple was supposed to do something new
and revolutionary, but instead they just
follow the other cellular companies. Of
course, Apple sucks. I just buy Apple. I
hate Apple, but I buy iPhones because I
hate Google more. It's like politics. I
vote for the one that I hate the least.
That's how I buy my phones.
I'm still holding Tesla at average 43
433 since last September. When will
Tesla be at 400 plus again?
Well, if we see Cyber Cap scale, should
we check Pioneer Lands? By the way, our
latest Cyber Cap tracker. It's a little
slow. The tracking, not the tracking,
the scaling is slow. Where's Pioneer
Lands? Here. Oh, no. This is
what? Where's Pineer Lens here? Pioneer
Lens
42. By the way, you guys don't
understand. Some people said, "Oh, Joe,
your tracker is off." It's not off. It's
the perfect tracker. This is a tracker
that tells you how many cyber caps are
deployed, not how many cyber caps are
registered. We have now 49 registered
with Texas, which implies we might have
deployed 45, but no one has spotted it
yet. So, that's the situation.
Uh 42 trackers.
Do we have already my new post up here?
When is this? Not yet.
Um okay. Bradley Brian says the bottle
imp it's a comparison to the current
pursuit of a as I similar to eating from
the tree of life. Gain knowledge at the
price of pain and suffering. Well, it's
not just pain and suffering. It's the
end.
Um as a child I heard what an imp was
referring to the devil's imps. There's a
lot of imps around even in these times.
True.
True. Short put on saleh re new legal
issues.
CL I don't even know that one. What is
that?
You're asking me for stocks
that Celsius holdings. Is this some
energy thing?
Fitness and energy drinks. What does it
have to do with us? I don't know what
any anything about that.
Have you heard of NDEs? Maybe ASI will
be bottlenecked by our reality's
behavior. We would need to be in touch
of true reality as I will and us will
work together. Maybe wrong actions,
wrong outcome. No, the problem is
ASA is not going to work much with us.
The bottle imp. If the bottle must
always be sold for a lower price, every
purchase after the first inescapably
approaches zero, at which point we But
why are we doomed? I don't understand.
The bottle imply the guy who holds the
bottle is doomed. Therefore, no one else
cares. That's what I don't understand.
We are not all doomed, I guess.
So, if the last cannot sell the bottle,
everybody is doomed. They will sit
still.
They will sit till one cent for greed
and cannot sell anymore and hell on
earth is unleashed. Oh, I didn't
understand that. So, if anyone has the
bottle,
we are all doomed. That's stupid. Why
would you even do that? Of course, I
wouldn't do it then.
That's a weird bottle.
Uh
here, genie bottle. Bernie is just
hitting his pockets. He has for
socialism. Yeah, I'm not saying Bernie
is a nice guy. I'm just saying he will
be right on this. I'm just reporting.
Uh it doesn't matter how smart AI is if
the initial axioms are wrong. It would
ideally need to have access to
fundamental reality. I I think that's
very theoretic and no one cares.
Clearly, it works and it works better
and better. That's all I need to know.
Uh Dallas is ramping second to Austin.
both increased geoence in August. Yes,
but
no deployment.
That's what we're tracking. Of course,
Dallas has no deployment of Cyber Cap
right now. I'm not saying that won't
change, but of course, we have to track
it closely to see what actually happens
here. Dallas robo taxi hub is seeing
increased model Y robo taxis 75 plus
cybercap validation vehicles. with stuff
lower weight times.
Well, we can also
watch
cyber cap uh registration, right? Cyber
cap Texas registration I think is now at
last time I checked at 49.
That is the list in Texas that tells you
how many cyber caps are allowed to be
deployed.
The great Joe Tech Mayer.
Why is it so old everything?
Cyber cap Texas registrations.
Why is it so bad in finding this news?
There's no news. Wasn't
it soya merit
who had the news?
Let's see
what is the latest.
Sawyer posted that we have now 49 cyber
caps registered which implies we're
going through the 45 threshold even
though Pioneer Lands Tracker has already
spotted 42 individual caps
but we will see
did Apple react positively or negatively
to this whole thing.
Um
here September 9th that was yesterday
Tesla has just added another four caps
to his robo taxi fleet bringing the tool
up to 49 according to Texas DMV. So we
know that this is happening and we know
that Pioneer Lands has counted 42
actually deployed. So we have seven more
to go assuming that we are maybe late
I don't know one or two per day maximum.
So we are maybe at 44. So we have still
a little bit to go. I think tracking
also this will we should add this to the
cybercap tracker so we understand what
the registration level is. We will
refine the cyber cap tracker
continuously. I'm also working by the
way it's nearly done on a new SpaceX
tracker. Oh it's down here. That's a
little ugly. But we will
this is secret. You shouldn't even be
able to see this.
SpaceX unlock. See we have this now in
pioneer lens. Look at this. We have now
in the SpaceX tracker which is open to
the public to every member even the
non-citizens. You can see this. But we
have this here now. It's very important.
Uh we will improve this where you see
the next unlock in 14 days. Do you see
this? This is very important for
trading. In the next 14 days September
24th 328 million shares 15% of float
will be added.
and I will report on it because that
actually influences the share price and
we can make a little
bucks. We can some make some bucks on
SpaceX through intelligent trading. I
will get into back into SpaceX probably
tomorrow if it stays down here.
Okay.
GRG
says no. I mean when it comes to being
absolutely right at that point if you
start at a wrong point the whole thing
is wrong. A lot of things can be
rational but only one way can be true.
It's true but true is not important.
Rational is important. Effective is
important.
It's really cool that we have a SpaceX
tracker. Yeah, we have a SpaceX tracker
and we try to identify the KPIs, the
metrics that actually drive the stock.
And for SpaceX, the most important
driver of the stock that can be
predicted are these unlocks in the exact
quantities.
JJ says, "Can't wait for a post labor
world. Maybe the future will be bright."
I have a whole thing coming up. I'm very
excited because we are building these
cool pioneermies on the ground. One in
Talin and one in Sweden. It's a long
story,
but it's going to get very interesting
and we will keep you guys updated. But
this will be the core narrative of
pioneer lands where we predict the post
labor world that is coming very rapidly
now. How labor shifts to capital and
what that exactly means and what our
jobs will be because there will be jobs
but it's new jobs. It's capital
allocation and it's reality engineering
which is very similar to capital
allocation and young people who are
smart should be trained in these things
and that also coincides with pioneer
alpha and doing the trades we are
discussing because this is much more
than just making money. It's about
shaping the world.
The plan is for the government to have
complete control. This entire thing is
absurdly fake. There's no method for AI
to kill us all unless a person
that already has that ability decides to
do it.
I would disagree on some of these
things. Two days after earnings is the
big release of 1.3 billion shares. Yes.
60% of the time we are doomed every
time.
There's no such thing as AI currently.
What we have are LLMs.
They cannot think their math formula
that takes inputs makes out no different
than a calculator. I disagree.
You have to I know if you go into the
rabbit hole and have your theories, it's
all fine, but you have to take a step
back and measure AI and AGI and ASI in
its effects on the world. The theory,
how it works is not that important. What
is important is what it can do.
That's how I see it. And it can do
pretty shocking things. And this will go
through the roof
because our brains are a little bit
overrated actually when you actually
understand what they do. You know, some
people say AI is very basic. It's a
calculator, but everything is a
calculator. That's the interesting
thing. They're just very advanced
calculators.
So, that's what I think.
I'm pretty sure I'm right about this
whole thing. Of course, I might be wrong
on some unimportant aspects, but the
important aspects are there will be
government intervention. It will be very
serious. It will have an impact on
terrestrial buildout and on training
centers.
Everything will shift into inference and
inference will be very important and
that is good for SpaceX.
But I would be a little cautious on the
semiconductors when this whole thing
blows up. I do not think that is now. I
think what I'm presenting is still a
fringe theory.
But now that it's out, it will become
more and more interesting.
There will be come it come a time, a
point in time where people
understand this is going to happen here.
This is the real doom. This is the end
of the world.
That was at 4.95%
last time we checked a few minutes ago.
Now it's at 4.96.
Ouch. This is really bad.
Yeah, if this crosses five, which can
happen now any moment,
I would not surprise be surprised if the
market tanks.
Ouch.
Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. I would not be
surprised if you see a five here that
people
crazy.
Okay, here
we do have AI currently. Astra had no
had to be trained on a recursive model.
It's just solved something that had no
answer. Exactly. The odds of AI killing
humanity that wasn't explicitly
instructed to do so by someone that
could do it without AI. Wait, the odds
of AI killing humanity that wasn't
explicitly instructed.
Why is this jumping so much to do so by
someone that could do it without AI is
zero. Just zero right now maybe, but not
in two years anymore. That's the
problem. It is not I'm not going to talk
about this because I don't want to help
anyone to develop this thing, but it's
not hard.
It's not hard, unfortunately. LJ, the
most important comment of the night. Hit
the like button. That is cor exactly
true. I vouch for it that this is true.
Alexander says, I'm reading Hob's
Leviathan and he's saying that humans
also operate very much with senses and
in calculating manner. So, it seems that
he think AI is already close to humans.
That is absolutely true.
Someone claimed Astra solved the
problem. That's not the same thing as it
actually solving it. I am working with
these things mostly fable and I tell you
this thing is pretty intelligent. It's
definitely more intelligent than most
humans. There's no doubt about that.
And I understand by the way eclectic
gamer I understand I understand your
argument but you also have to take a
step back and look at it's very
important to look at this abstractly not
through just a theoretic lens.
abstractly like an economist.
If there's a guy that is super dumb
but can solve all your problems, is he
really dumb? That's what you have to ask
yourself.
Uh MX says, "I just feel like Sam is
better than Elon on the whole strategy
of making himself intertwingled with
everyone so he can't lose. Although Elon
has the whole road map set up, it's only
his companies.
I'm not sure if I agree because Elon is
very good intermingling twingling with
Nvidia for example with Anthropic.
I feel Elon is ahead of the alliance
game. You know, Anthropic and Nvidia and
Google are working with him.
Finding meaning is going to become a
huge thing in society, especially for
young men. I think good point Jers well
we have too much meaning in pioneer
lands that's good so in theory will
attract everyone
oil brand crude is at 104 now I think
brand crude right that is correct
also scary but not as scary I think the
bonds are more scary than the oil the
oil goes up and down who cares a little
I ran here and there
oops it's 108 Oh,
what happened here? This is not that
good. Thanks for the heads up. This went
up a lot recently in the last few hours.
That's actually a steep. Ooh.
Is this ET or what time is that?
No. What is this? My time.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
This is ET. So, market close was at
102. Now it's 104. Yeah, this is all not
good.
Intelligence requires thought,
artificial or not, LMS do not think.
They will always produce the exact same
result with the same inputs and seeds. I
am not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure also what does it mean the
same inputs?
What are the same inputs like with
memory and everything? Technically,
you're right. But technically, that's
probably also true of humans. Think
about it. If you could control all
inputs that go into a human brain, you
could probably predict the output.
Do you think there's any chance we'll
get a SpaceX dip in the future? I mean,
I think SpaceX is pretty much off to the
races and it will hit these selling
walls that we can predict now with our
little counter because I predicted it
perfectly for yesterday by the way for
today too that it can't go up much more.
And I predict that SpaceX will either
linger around tomorrow where it is or
start going up and then we are breaking
through unless the market tanks. Of
course, market is always a special
thing.
The entire hoax is specifically done for
the government to push some outlandish
laws.
Maybe
why hasn't AI solved major global
problems like sickness and disease?
Probably I think the masses would pro
because it can't. AI is not that
powerful right now. It's on the path of
getting powerful and it's getting
powerful very exponentially.
I don't think being effective is
fulfilling. A lot of people need deep
meaning. If you heard of holy longing.
Also, when people achieve a big thing,
they often feel emptiness.
I have no problems with this whole
emptiness thing. I also know how to
solve it in my opinion.
But I don't think it's a major problem
right now. I think if everyone would
just beg me, Joe, give me meaning, I
could do it. But when I look at what
people are begging me for, money is the
number one.
If I look at my audience,
you guys want money, not meaning. That's
a good book title. Money, not meaning.
That's what's happening right now. If
everyone had unlimited money, maybe then
meaning becomes more of the thing, but
that's easier to meaning is much easier
to achieve than money.
meaning is just you need some
imagination, some love. Bing, you're
done. Easy peasy. Money is a little
tougher. So, we have to focus on money
for now. I will go with the flow. If
everyone says, "I want more meaning."
Fine. We can work on that. Then I do
like meaning courses down here. Pioneer
Academy meaning 101.
But if I would do a survey right now, do
you want money or meaning? Everyone says
money. So the market is just not there
yet.
Out for a walk today. And as basic as
this comment is, I do really appreciate
the quietness of electric cars. That's
good. Soul puppy. Soul puppy nails it on
the head. Maybe the meaning is to have a
nice Tesla. At least then you have the
quietness
here. Smart AI money. Money not meaning.
Money is the new meaning.
It could be a bestseller.
But I'm not saying, you know, if you ask
me, is meaning more important or money?
It's like it depends. What's more
important? Depends.
You go for whatever you need. Elon, in
addition to being a genius, he's an
excellent businessman. Yes. And he's
very good in doing alliances.
both episte poet is right I also go more
for money than meaning because I have
more than enough meaning but I don't
have more than enough money so let's
focus on the money if the balance of
money and meaning shifts more towards
needing more meaning I just make more
meaning whatever I think me well maybe I
have like a meaning advantage
here if you're searching for meaning
just get a cat Nice inflection from the
original. If you want a friend in DC,
get a dog. You know that one. If you're
looking for a friend in DC, get a dog.
If you look for meaning in Pioneer
Lands, get a cat.
There you have it.
Uh, you can thank me with a free
one-year premium citizen sub. Oh, Sam
Jav, now you're you're upping the ante
here. Okay, let's think about that. A
pre a citizen plus. You mean a citizen
plus? That's like a big ask. Or do you
mean basic citizen?
You want me to grant you citizenship
without
citizen contribution monetary just for
the intellectual contribution?
That's a big ask.
I wish I could pronounce the name. I
think when we will have everything, we
will realize we have nothing. It's not
about objects. It's about lasting
things. Maybe what we desire is our
infinite home. Artists suffer because
they feel that it's true. I think it's
about human connections if you ask me.
Here Jas money not meaning. I like the
book title. I should write a book like
just a nononsense book. Like dude, money
not meaning.
I like it.
What I meant is to say is that Samman is
very good at being cunning with the
whole industry while Elon is exposed
politically and they are both enemies.
Samman can work with left but Elon
can't. I don't know if Elon can work
with the left. He just hates the
wokeness but the left is also getting
less woke because it's dead the virus.
The divide between the works and what
they can make. What's potential but
infinite and unbounded. That's very
poetic. Leonardo, once you have money,
then you have more time to search for
meaning. The regular Joe's, what do you
mean regular Joe's? Are you calling me
regular are hurting for money? So that
that meaning questions is non-critical.
You're you're right. That's why regular
Joe writes money, not meaning.
It's the EU. We don't need citizenship
and we can do what we want.
The meaning is to remove the EU. What
about that?
Okay guys, oh this was a very long
session. Let's wrap it up. That was very
deep. Go to Pioneer Lens. See what's
happening. Here's the future. We will
beef this up all the time. Oh, we are
live. Look at this my live show. And uh
I hope that was insightful.
What is F? Oh, who's Oh, forum. Uh and
yeah, watch out for the ASI. But you
know what's happening now. Uh you can
read more on my X and there you have my
predictions. I will get back to this
trajectory soon. Thank you everyone for
tuning in and see you very very soon.
Always fun to chat. I like the
philosophical angle now. I learned what
an imp is. I will not forget it. Little
imps. Watch out for the imps.
Okay. See you all very soon. And see you
tomorrow.