Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s 4680 Secret Is Finally Starting To Make Sense
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CKyfi7vhlw
Published:   2026-06-02 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's betting big on the future of
batteries, specifically their in-house
designed and manufactured 4680s. They're
going to go in the Cyber Cab, the Semi,
even Optimus. Uh, but where are they
going to get all the batteries they
need? Can they get all the batteries
they need? And where are they even
making the darn things? Not to mention a
handful of other questions. If I'm going
to talk batteries, I better talk to
somebody who knows a thing or two. I'm
going to hook them with Jordan from the
limiting factor. He is here uh live in
studio at least. This is pre-taped, of
course, and we're going to be uh
announcing something very exciting here
in the middle of the show, so stay tuned
for that. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Jordan, uh, you've made a few videos
in the past. Is that true? Can we fact
check that?
&gt;&gt; A few. Yeah, a few. I think I I haven't
thought about that for a while, but I
think it's probably up to around 150 or
200 because I make one every two weeks
for the past six years. So,
&gt;&gt; that's a few that's a few. And uh your
batteries uh videos are very in-depth to
the extent and I've said this before,
but if you're new to the channel, you've
never heard this. When I had an
opportunity to uh get a listen in on a
presentation uh by Jen Gaudy, a former
uh 4680 engineer at Kato Road. Uh she
said, "I can talk about some things. I
can't talk about others. This is at a
Tesla location. I was not allowed to
record. whenever we would ask questions
that were a little too pointed, she'd
say, "Go watch The Limiting Factor." And
uh that was to me a huge compliment to
you because you're doing something
right. So, congratulations on that. Hey,
uh 4680s. By the way, uh Jordan's got a
video about this that goes into pretty
significant depth, but I've got more
questions. We're going to cover some
background real quick. Kato Road appears
to still be running. Is that where
they're doing the uh advanced
engineering? Are they still making
breakthroughs that will make their way
out into the other facilities?
&gt;&gt; Oh, this is a big playground, Brian.
There's um the Kato Road facility. Yeah,
that's where still where they're doing
um that was their original pilot line
and then they converted the the pilot
line into like a testing facility. And
this is things that Tesla has officially
said. So, I imagine they're still
cranking away testing out different uh
different cell advancements there and
testing things out before they try them
out on their uh mass production line in
Austin and soon to be other places like
Germany.
&gt;&gt; So, in Austin, I talked with Joe Tagmire
recently. He said that when he most
recently had an opportunity to see the
facility, it appeared that there were
four lines, but that one and a half of
themish were what was actually running.
Now, we know it's not four lines. That
would be far too many batteries for what
they're using them for today. Uh they
would presumably be making all of the
Model Y's in Texas with 4680 if they had
four lines running. He said, "Uh, also
we noticed that there was equipment that
had been in storage outside that was for
the battery line and that that equipment
is no longer outside, leading some to
conclude, myself included, that there
are uh additional lines going in inside
the northwest corner of Giga Texas. Uh,
is that going to be enough? Are they
actually going to hit those production
targets? Can they make enough 4680s in
Austin alone?
&gt;&gt; In short, yeah, there's uh they should
have plenty they definitely have plenty
of space there and it sounds like they
have plenty of machines. So, they should
be able to produce enough 4680 cells
there to u meet all the needs of that
facility and the other facilities that
they're building nearby. Like I think
there's an Optimus building going up
currently. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. In the north north part of the
north campus they're calling it. So, the
question is, how long is it going to
take them to ramp these uh new fully dry
4680 lines? Because I think most of the
cells that they're currently using are
still the wet cathode, dry anode. I
think that's what they're using in
Germany in that new model Y and uh the
ci the Cybert truck as well. And we know
that just that line alone can do at
least 15 gawatt hours a year which is uh
what 150 to 200,000 vehicles something
like that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I did look into because we've seen
the battery facility in Berlin moving
along. Uh but it does not appear that it
is producing cells yet.
&gt;&gt; So you had said in your video, yeah,
they're bringing in the cells. They're
making the modules in Germany but not
the cells themselves. And all the
research I can do confirms that is the
case. Looks like they're targeting next
year. Uh which just goes to show how
complicated it is to make batteries of
this uh degree of precision. We've seen
other manufacturers when the 4680 was
announced, almost every major battery
manufacturer said, "We're going to make
4680s as well." And those just haven't
come to market. I did ask Jen Gouty, is
there something particularly vexing
about the form factor that makes it
complicated? not for Tesla. I'm not
asking you about Tesla Gen, but for
these other manufacturers. And she said,
"That's still too close to the bone. I
cannot answer that." So, unfortunately,
I don't have that insight. If we're uh
you'd mentioned in your video that
because Tesla's making the cells, they
are eligible for the $35 credit. $35 per
kilowatt hour. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; That's my understanding. Yeah. And it
hadn't occurred to me that you could
just make the cells and export them. But
I guess that makes some sense. I guess
my question would be why aren't they
also getting the $10 to make them into
battery packs? Uh I don't know whether
they're manufacturing the pack in Berlin
or the United States because the whole
purpose of those tax credits was to
increase the amount of domestic cell and
pack manufacturing. So if they would
make the cell and the pack here, then I
would assume they would get the credit
for each. But if they're shipping the
cells there and they're packaged up
there, then they wouldn't get uh the
extra $10.
&gt;&gt; So that $10 equates to about $700 bucks
a car. That means that uh there must be
$700 in savings to ship them as cells
and package them there. It could be that
maybe that's just the cost of ramping
the ability to make packs in Berlin. Any
number of possibilities there. I don't
know if you saw this, but Panasonic uh
just brought online a new 2170 facility
in Kansas City. Uh this is now 2170s. I
mean, they can sell them to anyone, but
I think they're going to sell them to
one company in particular. Uh, does this
mean that uh we're going to continue
seeing 2170 Model Y's out of Berlin uh
out of uh Austin and that all those
4680s can go to Semi to Optimus to Cyber
Cab?
&gt;&gt; That's been my running assumption. Yeah,
because it's why re-engineer the pack
and redo the supply chain for everything
else? Um it's easier just to keep the
cell the same and keep producing the
2170. I don't have any information on
the 4680, but there is a person and I've
shared this on X that uh said that they
will be redoing that 2170 cell to
improve the performance in the next 18
months or so from memory. So, we should
hopefully see much faster charging rates
and similar or even slightly better
energy density.
&gt;&gt; And that would be great. When Jason
Kamisa did his uh Model S and X uh
wrap-up kind of video for the final
version, he shared some very interesting
insights about how everything Tesla
factors in in terms of weight. They
don't say how much money is this going
to save, how many grams. They don't care
about the money or the grams
necessarily. That's not the first
question. The question is if we do this,
how much less battery do we need? How
much more battery can we add for the
same curb weight? So, for example, the
low rolling resistance uh you know,
wheel uh bearings. Well, those cost like
20 bucks. And if you're making a million
cars, that's $20 million. Are you really
going to spend $20 million for something
that doesn't matter, but it's getting
you uh something like 30 pounds of
battery that you can drop? That's that's
not $20 anymore. that's, you know, not
just free, it's like negative $300. So
Tesla approaches things that way. And if
Panasonic, you know, they're they're one
of the leading battery research
companies, I would I'm sure we could
agree if Panasonic can get another 1% 2%
uh that's worth doing while we're off
doing our 4680 adventure. Is that fair?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And um just a side side note
on Panasonic,
people are often comparing like CL and
saying they're the best in the world,
which I would agree, but I think PE
that's also a little bit inflated
because CL is often giving us a forward
look at what they're going to be doing
in the next three years. Whereas
Panasonic keeps everything close to
their chest and you don't know there's a
new cell until it goes into the vehicle
or if I let a little bit of a leak out
there about what's happening coming. but
they usually don't trumpet it like um CL
does. So Panasonic isn't drastically
behind a company like CL and same thing
same thing with LG Kim. They just don't
market it as much. I had a chance to
interview an IBM uh senior chip engineer
in at CES a year before last and he
could tell me nothing about IBM chips
and I said, "Can you tell me about
Dojo?" He said, "I can. It was my job to
check if it infringed on our IP, which
it doesn't. I said, "My one question,
how is it that Tesla out of the blue is
able to develop something that's so far
ahead of the competition?" And he said,
"Ah, because they're showing you
something that's 5 to seven years out,
and the competition is not. You and I do
not know what the late the next chip
that will be out at the same time is
going to look like." Well, maybe he
knows, but I definitely don't. And so
it's the same thing, you know, most chip
designers are show don't tell. And uh
yeah, if you're comparing what you hope
to have in five years to what they have
today, it's the same problem we see with
Optimus where people are saying Optimus
is clearly so far behind because I saw
up tothe- minute engineering from some
company and I haven't seen anything from
Tesla in a year, therefore it doesn't
exist.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A visibility issue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's kind of like when you go to a
restaurant and you place your order and
people, some people might assume, oh,
where where's my food? It's been 20 or
30 minutes. They must not be working on
it because my food isn't in front of me.
But oh, no, it's it's coming. It's just
uh they're working on it.
&gt;&gt; I've been a waiter to me that only
ordered a salad got their food first.
&gt;&gt; The salad takes a minute and a half to
make
&gt;&gt; and that steak well done is a war crime.
I'm pretty sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. or it should be. Uh so one thing
uh people might not know is that coming
up in uh as of the time of this coming
out, it's going to be even less than
this. It's going to be June 5th and 6th.
This just gives you an idea of when
we're recording it. June 5th and 6th at
summer meetup. Jordan's going to be
there. I'm going to be there and uh a
lot of other great folks, too. But the
big thing is if you enjoy Jordan, you
can come and see him uh share his wisdom
on stage live. If you enjoy me, you can
do that. And if you enjoy both of us,
you're in luck because we're going to be
on stage together with moderators Jim
Spencer and John Herity asking uh
questions that they've been spending
weeks researching uh because they want
to do they want to ask us things that we
are uniquely qualified to answer.
Tickets are on sale. There will be a
meet and greet. Get that extra ticket.
Come meet us in Moskegan, Michigan.
Heritage Landing Park. Got to do it. got
to do it on the 4680s.
Are we I've seen articles saying Tesla
did not hit the target energy density.
Does that have merit?
&gt;&gt; It depends on if you're talking about
the cell or the pack and which pack
you're comparing it against. So, in
terms of the cell itself, the energy
density is good. Uh, in terms of the
pack, put it this way, the the energy
density of the the current 4680 cell
they're producing is um roughly in line
with the LG Panasonic cells. It's not as
um low as some of the packs that they
just are are transitioning from that
they they've been producing for like
four or five years, but it's not as good
as the um the best and new newest packs
that they have. So, it's the last
generation of Panasonic and LG chem
cells were between like 250 and 270 W
hours per kilogram. The next ones look
like they're um 280 to 290 plus, whereas
Tesla is around 270 watt hours per
kilogram at the cell cell level. Um so,
it's it's like right in between. It's
not the best, it's not the worst. It's
in short, it's globally competitive.
It's not the best, not the worst. In
terms of the pack, it's similar. Now, a
lot of people are viewing it as a
downgrade because um the Model Y that
they released in Germany, it doesn't
have as much range as those newest of
the new packs that that they put in. So,
those newest of the new packs, they get
like 5% more range than the the the
previous generation of Panasonic and LG
packs. So, uh this dropped the range by
5%. However, um you don't have to buy
that pack and you don't have to buy that
vehicle. There's options. there's other
options there that you can choose. So,
nobody's force forcing you to buy that
pack and the uh the vehicle that has
that pack in it is cheaper than the
other one. So, it's like it's it's a
value for money thing. It's um so you
decide which ones you want. That's my
perspective at least. All of that makes
sense. On the semi, we're talking like
11 cars worth of batteries going into
it. We don't know how quickly the semi
is ramping. We know that production has
begun. I assume it's very slow. I assume
it's one or two a day at this point. Uh
but as it ramps, I mean, if you're
talking 50,000, that is, you know,
600,000 cars worth of batteries. Uh
there's a real puzzle to put together.
And you had uh an interesting bit of
conclusion you were able to deduce in
your video. When they talk about battery
constraints, it's not the cells, is it?
currently uh well the past couple of
years at their earnings calls they've in
uh intermittently said that hey we have
a battery constraint and I did some
videos and analyzing that I said well
it's definitely not the cells they have
they have plenty of cells out there and
in the last earnings call one of the
analysts followed up and uh Tesla said
okay we're talking about the battery
packs specifically but why would the
battery pack be a constraint it's it's
easier to produce than the battery cells
and uh from my perspective ive and based
on what they've told us, it looks like a
lot of the battery packs that they used
to produce um externally, they're going
to start producing those internally. And
why would they do that? To save money.
Uh so even though packs are relatively
easy, it still takes time to ramp them.
And additionally, they're also
increasing the capacity of the battery
pack lines that they have at Nevada. Um,
so, uh, those lines are old,
inefficient, have low production rates,
so they have to not, you know, it's kind
of like we had the transition from the
original Model Y to the Model Y Juniper
last year. There was this little dip in
production when they cut over to the the
newer vehicle lines. And it sounds like
the same thing is happening happening
with the battery pack lines in Nevada.
When I had a chance to tour Nevada in
December, the way it was explained to me
by Kobe, and tour guides aren't always
the most accurate. That's not their job.
Uh their job is to be entertaining. So,
there were a number of things he told me
that uh turned out to not be correct.
But this one he I think he would know.
He said, "We've got three different
types of line here, and what we're going
to show you is the most manual, most
hands-on line. There's one over here
that's ultra fast. I'm not allowed to
show you that one. So, that's the
efficient one. The middle one is kind of
an in between and then the slowest one.
I said, "Why do you even have Well,
first of all, why would you have an
ultra fast and a medium fast?" He said,
"Because sometimes the ultra fast is too
fast and it breaks and we can still make
batteries while we're fixing and and
reconfiguring." I go, "Okay, why do you
have the manual one?" He goes, "Oh,
that's where we prototype. If you need
23 batteries for for Cyber Cab, we'll
make you 23 batteries. We can do that.
We It's very hands-on. We can do that.
So, I can see there's room for
efficiency built into efficiency
improvements built into the line, and I
can see how that would work.
&gt;&gt; And it's uh also worth considering,
maybe not everybody remembers this, but
us old-timers do. One of the biggest
constraints to the production of the
Model 3 in the initial ramp was building
enough battery packs quick enough. That
was a huge bottleneck. So, uh, they had
a a line that just wasn't working
properly. And on the fly, they had to
devote a lot of engineering resources
quickly to get that battery pack up and
line line up and running. So, I imagine
some of that legacy stuff is because
when have they had breathing room to go
in there and upgrade the lines until
now? So yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's possible. It's possible. And like
every Tesla factory, like every part of
any good running factory, they try to
move ahead of schedule so that if this
machine needs to go down or just goes
down, um they've got enough already put
aside to keep the rest of the process
flowing and not stop everything. on the
batteries. Uh do you think in the US at
least do you see a shortage coming or
are we doing okay for the next few
years? Because what I've seen a lot of
capacity being built for other
manufacturers that was never used.
&gt;&gt; In terms of um vehicle batteries, I
think we have plenty because it's mostly
Tesla. I think a lot of companies just
tapped out and they're kind of not
pursuing that anymore. So, they're
transitioning some of those lines to uh
energy production. So, in terms of um
mobility battery packs for vehicles, I
think we have plenty of sorry, battery
cells for those. I think we have plenty
plenty of battery cells for vehicles,
but in terms of energy storage, that's a
different story. I think that's why
Tesla is uh to my knowledge, they're
still importing most of the batteries
for the mega pack. So, it's a tale of
two different products basically.
vehicles plenty energy storage and
that's why a lot of these vehicle cell
lines are being converted to energy
storage cell lines because uh some of
these companies have tapped out on
producing said all right we're not going
to produce an EV we give up we're just
going to use those lines to produce
energy cells
&gt;&gt; okay so I I will tell you on Nevada they
co Kobe had said that oh we're providing
cells to the megaac factory and I said
aren't those LFPs and he said uh nope
nope So, I went and toured the LFP, the
uh mega pack factory. They're LFPs and
they uh would not and they said, "We
can't tell you." And which means I can't
publish it, but I have eyeballs. So, I
was able to look at the packs and see
who made them. Uh but I can't publish
that. Tesla's only going to has 10
gawatt hours of capacity for LFP and
Leone makes 30 40 gawatt hours a year.
Not enough. So, uh, okay. And my last
question was, is the cathode the same
for an LFP cell as it is for, uh, a high
nickel cell? Because we know Tesla's
working to make cathodes and anodess,
but uh, does that is it the same one or
would it be a different chemistry?
&gt;&gt; Oh, the LFP battery cell and high nickel
battery cells like NMC, uh, the wording
defines what the cathode is is made of.
So yeah, LFP cell uses an LFP cathode.
NMC uses an high nickel cathode NMC. And
the the only uh the primary difference
between those cells is the cathode. Um
but maybe you have a question about uh
could we manufacture LFP cathode
material on the
&gt;&gt; on the same lines?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Um
&gt;&gt; or with the same technology, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All the all the surrounding
technology is the same. the the the
difficult part is when you're
manufacturing the material itself having
the right recipe. But you can use like
Tesla can use their cathode
manufacturing in Austin uh to make LFP
or NMC, but I imagine they're going to
be two completely separate lines and I
don't think they're going to be running
them through the same one. And same
thing with the 4680 lines and the dry
electrode process. Those can run both,
but I don't think they're going to swap
back and forth for efficiency reasons. I
think they're going to have lines
delegated to those two separate things.
Just like you could swap, you could use
one giga casting machine to do front and
rear, but wouldn't it be better to have
two separate ones? Because swapping out
those dyes is a process
and getting it back up to speed and all
that. All right, so guys, what did we
miss? What do we misunderstand? leave
it. Enter that in the comments below.
Head over to the limiting factor if you
haven't seen one of his videos in a
while. It's possible that YouTube being
the devil that it is, uh, just isn't
recommending it. Uh, their videos are
still fantastic. Get back over there,
won't you? And then come out and join us
in Moskegan June 5th and 6th for the
summer meetup. Tickets on sale now.
teslamman.org.
Everyone else, stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots.