Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Sales Surge Worldwide While Intel Partnership Fuels Bigger Ambitions
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13g8DyGFBXA
Published:   2026-04-09 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 05:31 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Terapab is impossible. It will never
happen. Tesla does not have the pieces
they need. It's been tried by entire
countries. It's been tried by entire
companies. Big companies. Even companies
that know how to build chip fabs
struggle with it. But what if you had a
partner who could work with you, who
could actually show you the ropes and
get a little bit of the action
themselves in exchange for making it
happen for a tenth of the price. Uh,
that's what's happened. We're going to
be talking about Tesla's partnership
with Intel. We're going to be talking
about the surge in sales in selected
markets. We're going to be talking about
the new version of FSD version 14.3 and
what that all means uh to the greater uh
stock market overall, if anything. I'm
joined by my buddy Herbert from
Brighter. He's going to make us that
because it's his job. It's what he's
required to do. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
So, Herbert, uh, we saw some pretty
exciting news on, I guess that would
have been Tuesday. Intel has joined the
project. Intel is one of the few
companies in the world that actually
knows how to make chips. Uh, there are
just a handful of advanced chip
manufacturers in the world. And if you
don't have access to some of the
equipment, one of the missing pieces
was, well, where are you going to get
the lithography? Well, we're going to
buy it because we're not a country
that's restricted from buying it. But
now we've got the entire uh resource,
the mental resource of Intel joining.
Intel said on Tuesday it will join
Elon's terapab complex project with
SpaceX and Tesla to make processing
power the tech billionaire's robotics
and data center ambitions. Uh Intel
shares jumped more than 2% from you know
one penny to just over a penny I assume
uh after the announcement and of course
a photo op with them shaking hands
because that's how press releases work I
guess. So this is kind of a big deal
right? what's going on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a very good big deal. First
of all, I just find it very interesting
how incredibly interesting that Elon
whatever he wants, he can make happen.
Uh he is going to go after the largest
chip fab as possible. He needs partners.
Everyone will line up. The first
criticism people might say is well Intel
was the ugly duckling. They are
struggling. They've lost what I can't
remember the number something like 10
billion dollars. they're in a you know
the least favorable position. But
regardless of that, Tesla can Elon will
partner with everyone. So he says, "I
need to get as many chips as possible.
So I'm going to, you know, build
terraab, but Samsung, I need you to
build a factory chip fab factory right
here in Taylor, Texas. And then I'll
take everything you make. And then by
the way, I need you to make a second
factory. and I'll take everything you
make there, which they made that
announcement. Samsung's going to do and
now they're going to partner with Intel,
too, to help them with the process. You
know, it's whatever he needs, he is able
to negotiate and get because these are
such large numbers that these guys it's
it's going to everybody's going to make
so much more money partnering than than
competing. This is a big deal.
&gt;&gt; This is the missing piece that I was
looking for. Uh I had a number of people
when I expressed skepticism saying yeah
but people said they couldn't make
batteries. I said well yes but people
said that prior to Giga Nevada and in
Giga Nevada what they did they formed a
partnership with Panasonic to have
Panasonic bring their expertise their
proficiencies their competencies into
the fold so that we can get enough
because there aren't enough batteries in
existence. There aren't enough batteries
in ex No literally not enough. we need
to uh first four 5x and then 10x from
there and then probably another 10x or
two from there to satisfy the global
demand for batteries that Tesla could
see coming. And by the way, this is not
an exclusive partnership. We will
continue buying from anyone. And what
Elon was hoping to I mean he even said
if we have to buy Intel, we have to buy
Intel. Maybe that's what we do. And I am
confident Intel heard that and said,"I
don't want to do that. That's not what
I'm after."
&gt;&gt; Joe thinks that that is going to come
that a purchase an an acquisition of
Intel will happen. Uh the other big news
about this I think is very incredically
important is that this is American. This
is an American company. the the kind of
you know you're literally your chips
are in Korea which is great a partner
country but still having it locally here
is important and having an American
company is important so the two together
partnered is fantastic it just gives you
credence uh more credibility that Tesla
will be able to complete Teraf fab and
it'll be very successful
&gt;&gt; and not only that what we're looking at
in some of the articles I've seen
they're saying they're saying it could
cost $20 billion if they do this with
Intel. And I'm thinking that's
beautiful. That's great. That's a nice
low figure because they're they're I
mean China has already spent half a
trillion dollars just to get down to
five nanometers and now we're looking at
three or two or sub two and all of it is
uh difficult and uh Intel is one of the
very few companies in the world that
already knows how to do it. I trust
their ability to get it done. Now uh
what do you need all that compute for? I
I guess you could speculate maybe you
need it for uh autonomy. When I see
these other autonomous players saying
we're going to we're going to build this
whether it's Rivian or Lucid or Ford or
whomever we're going to go this on our
own. I ask first of all do you have the
training data and the answer is almost
universally no and do you have the
compute and uh uh I I don't remember
Herbert maybe you can remind me who is
the leader in uh compute for autonomy
&gt;&gt; oh Whimo
&gt;&gt; well you would actually to be honest you
would think Whimo is a alphabet company
they are owned by the same people who
own Google You can have all that compute
if you want it. Whimo does not have a
lack of back-end compute. Uh but they're
not as serious.
&gt;&gt; They're behind, right? Because they
initially started with lighter encoded
and then they are as you pointed on the
last show we did that they aren't
already moving forward to neural
networks and supercomputers. So they
will catch up. They will get there. But
who is the leader today? Clearly it is
Tesla with the largest supercomputers in
the world.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And th those computers are
dedicated to one task that we know of.
They may be doing some Optimus training,
but we think that's going to be handled
primarily by Cortex 2. Uh is it Cortex
2? Yes. Uh so 143 is out. It It's not as
big of a release as we had expected. Uh
yesterday we did a live show on your
channel with David Moss. That was
fascinating. Go check it out if you guys
haven't seen it where we walk through
some of these. Tell me some of the qu
real quick some of the changes that
we're seeing in 14.3.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the biggest one that uh
Tesla themselves wanted to make sure
emphasized is that this update brings
20% faster reaction time and uh that
will increase safety, be able to react
sooner than even the visualization is
showing. So a lot of people are showing
how quickly that is able to do. David
Moss crazily they had people jumping in
front of the car. But the other thing
that's actually quite important is the
um ability to see things better.
Visualization is improved. The camera is
able to see things much faster. And then
they did say there is reasoning but the
reasoning is focused on uh destination
understand what to do at the destination
and that they said that they will
release more reasoning as we go along
for future point releases. So the
reasoning was good, but it wasn't what
what we're hoping for was reasoning that
it really truly changes the game. And I
don't think that that's what we've
received here. But the 20% improvement,
that is the critical factor for 14.3,
whether or not that is good enough to
actually scale unsupervised robo taxi.
Um I think David agreed with that
statement that the 20% speed of
decision- making is what they were
waiting for because they had to rewrite
the whole system and to you know top to
bottom to be able to make that happen
and then with that now safety is what
improves and then the rest of it is is
uh going to be you know to round it up
but I don't think we are at the point
where we've got the full last piece of
the puzzle yet. What David Moss would do
is hide behind a garbage can or a
telephone pole and wait until the car
was approaching. It's on an alley. It's
a nice controlled environment at night,
the middle of the night, and then he
would spring out at the last second. And
because it's on a dirt kind of gravel,
you could hear it stop. You could hear
the how quickly the car reacts to this
previously.
&gt;&gt; All right, here we are back alley
testing with FSD.
And we are going to have FSD 14.1 or
excuse me 14.3.
We're going to have David pop out.
Wow.
not present uh consideration an
obstacle. It knows something is in the
way. It likely can see that it's a
human. Uh it's it's a very fast and
clever system. And to the people saying,
"Yeah, but it still doesn't do XYZ
perfectly. We're we're smoothing out the
edges. There's a lot of edges to smooth
out. Part of it's going to be the
experience of getting there. Part of
it's going to be the uh you know,
picking your parking spots. But the
biggest one is safety and this has
improved safety. Is it is 143.1
going to be unsupervised? I can
reasonably confidently say no.
&gt;&gt; Well, well, so that that was a good
debate that we had with David Moss. So,
David believes uh first of all, David is
the he's the gentleman that took 14.2
and he did coast to coast drives. He was
written up on it on media articles and
even Tesla did a show on him. Uh but he
tested 14.3 for over 10 hours and he
said that he was after we got off the
live stream he was going to do another 5
hours. So he knows what's what this is
capable of. He believes that 14.2 was
good enough for unsupervised already. So
robo taxi unsupervised could have gone
out with 14.2 too, but 14.3 it adds that
20% increase in percentage increase in
reaction time. That's the safety that's
good enough for unsupervised. Whether or
not we need to wait for the, you know,
reasoning to be more fully uh spread
out, you know, those sort of things that
we don't know if they're going to wait
for that or not, but safety wise, he
thinks that that was important. When you
look at the archaic code that is used by
Whimo without anyone in the car to
supervise, uh, it tells me that it's not
that Tesla can't do it today. It's that
Tesla is choosing to not do it today.
&gt;&gt; And unfortunately, none of this matters
because as you know, uh, sales are
crumbling everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Uh, what's this? New car registrations
in Germany quadrupled for the best March
ever. So, this isn't just beating last
year. This is the best March Germany has
ever had for Tesla sales. That's kind of
a big deal. Uh, and we're seeing this in
other markets as well. Um, you and I
discussed on your show probably earlier
today or later today that the sales in
Korea are up, the sales in Japan are up,
the sales in China are uh, rebounding
nicely from last year's uh, retooling.
We did see a very soft Q1. I believe
largely because Q1 is always soft, but
also because the end of the IRA still
has a bit of an overhang. Uh what do you
think in terms of a production and
deliveries? Is FSD approval in
additional countries going to move the
needle even a couple percent? Is uh the
introduction of the Y L going to move
the needle a couple percent? What are we
thinking
&gt;&gt; in terms of uh to Tesla vehicle
deliveries, right? I do think so. I
think it's huge. I think the big one
that people have not yet as you know
forecasted is FSD being a demand driver.
FSD version 14.3 coming up. It's going
wide release.
I think everyone who has tested it, the
50 plus people who are testing it as of
Wednesday, they're saying that it's good
enough for wide release. when it goes
wide release and then they start doing
point releases. We're now getting to the
point where people are realizing and
expecting this. I told the story with
you in another show where my own sister
who I've been sharing this story for so
long is a Mercedes BMW brand loyal
person and she just reached out to me
said she wants to buy a Tesla. Why?
Because she saw the F FSD. I was driving
around with it during the Christmas
holidays. This is now to the point that
people are starting to realize it. I
think it's going to be a a huge demand
driver for the end of the year. Not not
immediately. I think that's the big one.
Y L. Yeah, I think it's going to maybe,
you know, tens of thousand 10 20 30,000
maybe extra sales. I don't think it's a
lot more than that. I'd be shocked if
it's more than 20,000 sales globally,
but it's it's a big driver.
&gt;&gt; It's a big uh success story.
&gt;&gt; But that is the I think it's FSE that's
going to move the needle. I think Yel
will sell better than than you think. Uh
that is my guess. It is my speculation.
I don't have any data to back that up. I
do love seeing the people complaining
that it's still not big enough. And
also, it is now too big, guys. Come on.
It's fine. Look, if you weren't going to
buy it anyway, it doesn't matter what
you think. You're not the demographic.
It's fine. Um, and so of course with all
of this interesting news, we have to
talk about the excitement, the sheer
excitement, which is uh JP Morgan says
could crash by 60%. uh JP Morgan
famously if you uh had James Stevenson
did a little uh post on this saying if
you had bought Tesla and then
&gt;&gt; reduced your holding every time by like
1% every time he said it's a sell uh you
would have today your 100,000 would be
you know
&gt;&gt; your 1 million would be zero
&gt;&gt; would be zero and if you just left it in
it'd be 20 so
&gt;&gt; 20 million y
&gt;&gt; so y
&gt;&gt; these are and what's weird because JP
Morgan is one of the largest holders of
Tesla shares outside the company. Uh so
I would say I get a lot of comments when
people say there's good news but the
stock didn't move. Why?
My belief is the good news is priced in.
You you and I already were expecting to
well 143 is out right but we expected it
to be out so it's priced in. Uh and you
know I bought Tesla stock and I'm down.
Great. I I don't know when you bought
it. I bought Nvidia stock and I'm down.
Uh because I love to buy high. Uh so
what uh what's going on with the stock?
What should we be telling people about
that?
&gt;&gt; You know, I've I I did I once did this
whole thing where I took a look at the
entire life of Tesla stock since IPO and
I, as you know, I map out every single
milestone. So I overlay the stock to the
milestones and tried to understand which
is catalysts, which are milestones,
which are true catalysts for the stock.
And the only ones that are true catalyst
for the stock is earnings. And only
after they have an earnings report that
you start to see, not only did the stock
go up, if it's good news, but it
continues to keep going up, it follows
earnings. That is no doubt. That part is
clear for most people. But anything else
like an Elon tweet, maybe one day pop
and then it doesn't do anything. Uh
demos, none of the demos, no product
demo ever moves the stock. So when
somebody says to me, "Oh, this is going
to be our true catalyst."
Yeah, I'm not so sure, right? Because
the the argument is, is it built in or
not builtin? It's most most milestones,
but we already kind of unless it's a
surprise. But if it's not a surprise,
people are expecting it to happen. stock
has already built it in. It's already
part of it and by the time it actually
happens, you don't see it there. But
just keep that in mind. Now in in that's
why when I say though that FSD is going
to be a driver of demand sales, that
will then show up later. So even though
you see a 14.3 come out now, does a
stock pop maybe for a day or two
depending on the mood, depending on the
scenario, but otherwise it's earnings.
Did it impact sales? Did it do that? Did
it make that happen? We are at that
moment right where we switched now to
subscription. Imagine what happens to
Apple. Apple is a hardware company. They
were doing very well with high margins.
And then what did it what was the
narrative for many years? They're not
selling anymore,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; They've already they've sold that TAM
has hit the highest it can ever go. And
so people are saying no, we're out of
here. What did this Apple CEO say? No,
but no, but guys, we're moving away from
hardware sales and we're becoming a
subscription company. And people didn't
believe him until 3 four years later
after they've proven that there truly
are a significant subscription company.
Then the the stock keeps continues to go
up. And of course it didn't help it
didn't hurt that they have so much cash
coming in that they're able to buy back
the stock. Therefore the stock went up.
That's what's happening to Tesla when
Robo Taxi rolls out. It's not that oh
we've announced a new city where we're
going out to roll it out. It is actual
earnings. The argument that some people
have been given like certain basher um
is that they'll say well yes that's
correct but there's a a significant
number of investors who get ahead of it.
&gt;&gt; So yes once we know that robo taxi is an
actual business actually delivering real
margins. It's not that hard for people
to then say well if they roll out one
city they can do 10 cities and if they
do 10 they can do 100 and then they try
to get ahead of it before the earnings
come. So some parts of it it's true
where it starts to get built in
beforehand but the actual skyrocket of
stock won't happen until you have not
only earnings but you have earnings upon
earnings growth. That's what happened
with Nvidia. If you look at what
happened to Nvidia stock when did it
skyrocket after he had an earnings beat
for one quarter then the next quarter
they actually beat their own forecast
and then the next quarter they beat it
again. And that's when the stock
skyrocketed because they they they're
proving it with actual results. So to
what extent do people get ahead of it? I
don't know. It just doesn't feel like to
me that you shouldn't you shouldn't bank
on it too too early.
&gt;&gt; Years ago, probably three, four years
ago now, I interviewed Matt Smith. He
was at Good Soil Investments time and I
asked him, "When are we going to see
Wall Street start modeling for me?"
Stationary storage was already a serious
business. They'd already done hundreds
of millions of dollars in sales around
the world, mostly in Australia. And his
answer was when it hits the the balance
sheet. When it's on the balance sheet to
a degree that it cannot be ignored. So
when there is a separate line item for
robo taxi revenue is when I expect Wall
Street to go, "Oh, dang. We forgot to
frontr run this." And maybe that's the
end of this year. Maybe that's the end
of this decade. I don't know. No one
knows for sure. And if you have
confidence in one direction or the
other, uh that's something you can
consider acting upon. No one can tell
you. If anyone's telling you that they
know the future, uh they are of course
lying to you. Uh because time travelers
don't do that. It's part of our code. I
mean their code. That's all right. I'll
go back and fix that in the future.
Yeah. So guys, uh my my big question is
uh for those of you out there, uh what
is the coolest thing you've ever seen
and why is it this image that Grock make
for me? You got to subscribe. Please
subscribe. I don't ask for much
&gt;&gt; but do subscribe because u that's one of
the ways uh the subscriber count is one
of the ways that uh businesses and you
know companies and organizations know to
take us seriously and it also helps with
the algorithm and therefore keeps me in
business longer which is something that
uh several of you have suggested I
should do. So what did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below. And everybody else, stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots in the
comment section on Herbert's video with
David Moss that we did just yesterday.