Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       THIS Turned Me BULLISH On SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BKHxQ9DPJQ
Published:   2026-07-07 23:07 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One of the great stories of our time is
of course the buildout of AI compute.
And the company that stands at the
center of that new buildout is Space X
AI. SpaceX just went public with big big
attention globally, the biggest IPO in
history with $2.5 trillion roughly
market cap. And a lot of people
including me thought it's slightly
overvalued for the launch at the
beginning of the launch of this whole
buildout and the compute buildout. But
we also saw that SpaceX has already some
very big contracts, Anthropic and
Google. And I want today to take some
time to dig into the numbers to see
what's actually going on and how we can
make sense of this valuation. more
importantly to predict what is going to
happen to SpaceX stock and put it into
context with Palanteer and Tesla, two
publicly traded companies that are in
the same space in the AI space and see
where we land and what the actual Ebbit
and operating income potential of SpaceX
is in the short term, not with Mars, not
with AI satellites even, but with the
most underappreciated opportunity of
SpaceX and actually Adam Jonas of Morgan
Stanley who does a great job in doing
analysis on some of the key stocks like
Tesla and SpaceX has come out and said
the following. Sorry Meritt uh charge um
shared this today. Adam Jonah said we
believe SpaceX costs and speed in
terrestrial terrestrial comput
underappreciated aspects of the company
and I totally agree with Adam. I think
Adam is spot on here and we are going to
look into the details. Terrestrial
comput of course means to just build out
data centers and lease them out before
space is ready. Adam says, "We are also
believing or we also believe SpaceX is
on a path to vertically integrate the
bulk of value added parts in the data
center to sustain industryleading cost
and speed per watt." Of course, what he
means with that is that SpaceX can build
out these data centers comprehensively
vertically integrated. And then he goes
into all kinds of details that are not
that important. But he says, "Today the
company's vertical integration spans
liquid cooling systems, battery
installations, substations, and more
with public intentions to vertically
integrate further across single crystal
cast turbines, solar manufacturing,
networking, and eventually the compute
itself with terra to eliminate potential
bottlenecks to AI compute scale. What
Adam says here is that Tesla has a very
unique ability, not Tesla, SpaceX,
sorry, Tesla team, SpaceX all the same
at this point. SpaceX has a unique
ability to build out data centers
because they can also build out energy
by Tesla mega pack additions, but also
by installing turbines, gas turbines and
grid connectivity substations.
All of the things that normal data
center people cannot do, they have
proven that they can do it with Colossus
one and now also Colossus 2. Now is the
time for us to look into a model that's
very rough, but it's a back of the
napkin, back of the Google sheet model
that tells us actually a lot of what's
going on. I would just want to share it
quickly today to show where we are at.
It actually shows you tremendous,
tremendously interesting things. Let's
set the stage here. We have I split it
into H1 the first half of 2026
to the last half of 2027 for six month
periods. Why? Because this is actually
very easy to understand. This is
basically today. Today it's the past
from January to June of 2026. So we can
look at what we actually have here and
then we look into what happens in the
next half from now to December. what
happens in January to June next year and
what happens very likely from July next
year to December. We have three big
assets. We have Colossus one in Memphis.
We have Colossus 2 in Mississippi and
Colossus 3 which sits right next to two
on the same lot kind of. These are the
three data centers we are looking at.
And when we look at the capacity,
Colossus 1 in gawatt has installed
roughly.3
gawatt, 300 megawatt of energy. This is
all about the energy installed
that will then be applied to the GPU
clusters. And these GPU clusters, as I
will explain in a second, will have a
compute multiplier based on their
composition. How much hoppers H100s the
old GPUs? How many B200s to make it
simple? The Blackwell
uh the Blackwell type GPUs and then how
many Vera Rubins of course zero right
now but the next generation Nvidia chips
that will come
probably end of the year uh to start
being installed and then fade out black
well over time in 2027.
And I made it very simple for you. We
have a more high resolution model that I
won't present here. It doesn't matter.
The way to look at this is that we have
a total gigawatt installed base of
energy. So the energy, how much gawatts
do you actually have in these things?
And then we look at compute. So total
currently 1.2 1.2 gawatt. We have 1.4
gawatt projected in the second half of
2026. I'm a little conservative here.
Maybe Elon sees us and laughs and says
it's going to be two. Whatever. We are
going to be a little reasonably
conservative because we don't know
exactly. But we know it's aiming at two
at the end of 2027 latest. This could be
shifting to the left. But let's say it's
that. So here you have the energy
multiplier. I will explain in a second
why we need these multipliers because
then we can apply it to the current
revenue they're making from these three
in H1 2026. The Google and anthropic
revenue. By using these multipliers, we
can do very simple math how much compute
they probably can rent out. It's
simplified because they're not renting
out all compute. But if all the ratios
stay the same and they're just scaling
it, the ratio of how much they use, how
much they rent out, we are getting to
very good numbers to very reasonable
numbers. Energy multiple multiplier
therefore is 1.0.
That means in the next half of this year
or this half of the of the year they
will have 1.2 times the energy
available.
uh in H1 2027 they will have 1.3 times
the energy available and then they will
have 1.7 times the energy available. Now
here comes the compute multiplier. We we
have then to multiply the energy
available times the compute multiplier.
The compute multiplier as I explained
means how much more tokens how much more
compute per gawatt can I get out. Okay,
gather energy multiplier and compute
multiplier lead to a revenue multiplier
and that is the number then I stop
boring you because that is the only
number you need to understand from an
investment perspective that revenue
multiplier tells you how much more money
can they make and this is all middle of
the road assumptions. So the compute
multiplier is one then 1.5 assuming more
black wells only black wells installed
from here on out only more black wells
installed from here on out for 2027 H1
and then Vera Rubin coming in pushing
that multiplier even higher of course
this is a blender Rubin should have
roughly five times multiplier over
hopper effective multiplier per kilowatt
uh but here it's a blend so together
that leads you to the revenue multiplier
that is how much more money they can
make an ad to the current revenue. Okay,
gross margin doesn't matter. This is
roughly what it is.
And then we have here the actual
operating expenditure and depreciation
uh things like how much do you have to
subtract from that gross margin to get
to the EBIT the actual operating income
of the company that currently the run
rate the run rate including the
anthropic deal and the Google deal
roughly 26 billion is roughly $12
billion EBIT. Okay, that is what counts
here. Now comes the interesting thing.
If this build out progresses and I just
have a great conversation with Cern
Basher, the famous Cernird about this
whole situation and he was just there
visiting Colossus 2 and three and saw
all kinds of people doing things on the
Saturday
which means the buildout is actually
happening. And that means as early as
this this half of the year, the second
half of 2026, we could be looking at $20
billion in Abbott in real Abbott for
SpaceX run rate of course run rate. So
annualized 20 billion up from 10 from 12
billion that's a huge leap and next year
we could look at 31 billion and end of
next year we could have run it of 50
billion.
Now Brian for example of next big future
has much higher numbers but I think this
is actually pretty sophisticated what we
did here and pretty reasonable
assumptions. Now we can beat that maybe
but this is a middle of the road
assumption
that would mean SpaceX would nearly
fivefold let's say 4.5fold 4.5fold
350%
added profit growth in the next year
that will surprise a lot of people
because if that is true we are not
waiting for Starship we are not waiting
for AI satellites we are not waiting for
all the things that might not happen or
might get delayed. I think they will
happen but probably not next year. Hey,
on this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze, understand
and predict capital, AGI and politics.
Not just to beat the markets and make a
lot of money, even though that's
important, but also to build a new
society and make the future good for all
of us, the pioneers. If you want to help
me on this journey, you can do that by
doing a very simple thing. Like and
subscribe. It helps me a lot. Thank you
so much for your support. And let's get
back to the video. And that means we
have massive, absolutely massive growth.
To give you a sense, and I talked about
this on Sunday, this is the equivalent
of 100,000
Tesla robo taxis in operation to get to
50 billion. So here is a very middle of
the road pretty non-aggressive
assumption based on tons of evidence on
the ground that this is actually
happening. How we get to the equivalent
of 100,000 deployed robo taxis run rate
by end of next year for SpaceX $50
billion.
Okay, think about that.
So we are basically adding 8.9 billion
this in the next 6 months. 8.9 billion
hard cash profit to spec run rate. not
absolute profit. We are then adding
another 10 billion. And then we are
adding another 17 billion. That's a lot
of adding. And here's the six months
growth rate. So how much grow does it
grow? 6 months over 6 months.
And here's the absolute growth rate,
right? Or the absolute growth multiple.
So SpaceX will be a 1.8 times larger
company already this half of the year.
It will then be a 2.7 times larger
company in the first half of 2027 and a
4.2x larger company end of next year.
Okay, now it gets very interesting.
Let's get to the share price what that
means. And this is a very rough back of
the napkin thing, but I wanted to share
it with you so you see what could
actually happen here. And this is
extremely reasonable by the way. the
forward price earnings ratio of SpaceX
based on $150 share price $2 trillion
valuation which is pretty much what it
is right now. It would mean that right
now based on the run rate we are at 170
times forward forward in the sense of
run rate price earnings ratio that is
like not bad not good not great but
don't forget Tesla is at 200 200 times
so it's already cheaper than Tesla right
now which is kind of interesting SpaceX
is already cheaper than Tesla right now
of course if you're a Tesla investor you
would say well this is about to change
in a big way but it's also about to
change in a big way for SpaceX. Isn't
that interesting? Already this half end
of the year, so in 5 months or so, that
would drop to roughly 100 forward price
earnings, would then drop to 63 price
earnings and would then drop to 40 price
earnings forward. That is extremely low
for a company that grows insanely
strongly with an insurmountable mode.
But now we get to the most interesting
part of the video. Let's do the bottom
line here. What does it mean in terms of
comparing it to Tesla
and comparing it to Palenteer? And just
so you understand what I mean with that,
we can go up here and see the
assumptions. Tesla is currently a
forward price earnings ratio of 200.
Palenteer price earnings ratio forward
of 90. These are great comps, right? So
if we apply these metrics, we get
basically we can compare SpaceX to Tesla
or to Palanteer. And what you see what
happens here if you do that, okay,
if you would, here's how this works. If
you would apply Tesla's forward price
earnings ratio to SpaceX, you can derive
the market cap that would be appropriate
if you take for each of these six months
periods the run rate of EBIT and would
say if it would be valued like Tesla on
forward earnings, what should be the
fair market price that makes it
equivalent to Tesla? And the answer
surprisingly for SpaceX right now
or not even right now last half is 179
because of these huge cash inflows. 2.3
trillion would be the fair market value
if it would be valued like Tesla not on
revenue because in revenue it should be
valued at only $35 but on Abbert
multiple forward it should be valued at
$179.
So it would be basically undervalued
right now at 150. But now look at that.
If that stuff comes true, okay, if we
get to $20 billion EBIT run rate, $20
billion EBIT run rate, if you would
value it like Tesla earnings-wise, would
get the price end of this year to $314,
which by the way is exactly the target
of guess who? Adam Jonas. So, it looks
like I agree with Adam Jonas for once
because he said with a $300 price target
and a bull case of $600 per share, $8
trillion market cap. Isn't that
interesting? When I did this in
comparison, like hm interesting. End of
this year, if valued like Tesla, I would
get to the exact same price target as
Adam Jonas. I find this very
interesting. In June 2027, I would get
to a price target if I compare to Tesla
to 478. That's a lot. 6.2 trillion. And
end of next year, if these things come
true, which I think is more likely than
not, by the way, we would be at $747
price target for SpaceX. Pretty
aggressive. Always assuming it keeps as
high of a price earnings ratio forward
price earnings ratio as Tesla. And of
course, Tesla only has such an insanely
high price earnings ratio forward
looking because people believe Tesla
will have an earnings explosion.
However, what we see here is SpaceX will
very likely have an earnings explosion
and will continue having one going
forward. Maybe we will hit a little bit
of a snag then that's I think is more
likely than not in 2028 because then
there will be a little lag year before
space can catch up while the policy
resistance to space uh to terrestrial
buildout will increase. So here we might
have a growth problem. So 747 is maybe a
little bit high because people would
then bring down that ratio. So let's
look at the Palanteer comp to see how it
will compare with a little bit less
extreme stock like Palente even though
some consider it also extreme
at 90 forward price earnings. If you do
that, the share price for SpaceX would
be valued at 81 right now, which is what
people that's actually more in line what
I would have said that SpaceX is too
high right now because they haven't
shown all that stuff. But if they would
show that, and I think they will, the
fair share price would be 141 nearly
where it is right now, end of this year,
which is very interesting because, you
know, I think there's a lot of selling
pressure coming in. Tesla is a little
bit out there. So I think Palante is a
more reasonable comparison and that
means by end of this year December it
the share price could be where it
actually is right now and would be
pretty fairly valued. I think the
reality is it's more likely to be
between this and 314 but let's see but
then in June of next year if you apply
just a palente of PE you would already
be at 215 and then end of next year you
would be at 336 again close to the Adam
Jonas price point but one year delayed.
What does it all tell us? It tells us
that while I think without all that
stuff, SpaceX is just ridiculously
overvalued right now, this stuff is
actually happening. We see action on the
ground. We know Colossus 2 is being
built out like crazy. We know Colossus 3
is already built the building. We know
the permits are mostly there. So, yeah,
there is a lawsuit. There are some
resistance. It's also a very red state.
Trump is for it. Unlikely that this just
gets holdled up. Maybe it gets delayed 6
months, maybe not.
But the interesting thing is that SpaceX
has massive massive massive earnings
coming in and there is not much we can
do to hold it up and that could end up
in a very reasonable scenario. Oh, I
didn't even share the model. Sorry about
that. In a very reasonable scenario,
um could lead to actually this whole
situation that we have $50 billion here
in actual revenue in 2027
run rate end of the year. And if this
all happens, that would be pretty pretty
crazy. It's actually not crazy. It's
very likely to happen. So there you have
it. That is what I think is going to
happen. And uh that means SpaceX is
actually relatively cheap. And given the
fact that I'm pretty sure it's going to
fall more when all these shares unlock
in August to November, it's probably
time when SpaceX drops below IPO and we
see these things happening to buy some
SpaceX or not just some but a lot. I
hope this was interesting and see you
tomorrow.