Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Tesla Plans To Dominate Manufacturing
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdeToIuH4uU
Published:   2026-07-14 19:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-14 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The other thing that I remind people is
in 2028, all the things people are
talking about, you know, chips being
built and innovation and all that is
going to be here. So, you're getting a
preview of something that we're going to
be talking about in 28 right now here in
26.
There's a whole lot going on at Giga
Texas. And if we're going to talk about
Giga Texas, we got to look at the drone
footage. And if we're going to look at
the drone footage, we should really talk
to Joe Temier, who is our eye in the
sky. Hey, he's the one who's keeping us
all informed uh and in the know. Uh and
of course, he doesn't just look at
what's going on. He digs deeper into it.
He asks smart people, smart questions,
and he does research from there. So,
let's cover all that we can that's
happened since we last discussed this
about a month ago. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Joe, uh I don't know if you know,
but you've got a channel on YouTube. If
folks aren't aren't following you, they
should. Yeah, it's crazy. I don't know
how you didn't you weren't aware of
that, but it's kind of a big deal.
&gt;&gt; I think it's probably just does it. You
know,
&gt;&gt; I've had people meet me and let me know
that I am not AI, which is uh quite a
compliment, I suppose, these days.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, hard to go wrong with that. So,
we're just going to jump right in. Uh
this is from your video um just a few
days ago uh on July 8th. Uh this is uh
what am I looking at here?
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, uh there's a lot of
different things in Giga Texas going on
and this is probably the one that I've
seen the most uh interested in right
now. And this is over by the test track
and uh sort of their uh test operations
parking lot with some covered uh uh
little facilities that you see there.
There's a trailer and and they uh kind
of like park the cars, get them ready
for whatever testing they're going to
do, and then they head out to the track,
which you can see in the upper left, and
they do all kinds of different uh uh
testing. And uh you know, we've been
seeing like a herd of people going out
there on from the ground getting shot,
too. So, this is the place to be.
&gt;&gt; Yes, we have. Uh here is uh one such
example of it I've got here. This is uh
shared very recently where we can see
all kinds of vehicles out on the track
just run in circles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that's pretty exciting stuff. Um
and the track isn't just a normal kind
of test track because we've got stuff
like this. That's the longest uh rumble
strip NVH testing grounds I've ever seen
by a lot.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I agree. And they're doing all
this on a track that's not even
completed yet. So, they're adding even
more uh as we speak.
&gt;&gt; Oh, then we've got this this What's
this?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's why I said that they're
adding on u this is I call it
cobblestone. I don't think that's
accurate, but it's like these big uh uh
the scale is a little bit hard to tell
here, but it's like big bricks that
they're laying down in these sections
that don't have the asphalt. And there's
several different of them as they go.
And I think it's to simulate really bad
roads. And uh next to it, you see all
the rumble strips of different kind of
heights and and spacing. So you get
different frequencies and different
kinds of roads all in these now almost
five lanes. And uh they're driving the
cars incessantly through this area. Um
what I understand is it's part of noise,
vibration, harshness testing and active
noise cancellation which I think the
cyber cabs have. So, you know, basically
getting the data and trying to improve
the experience for the passengers when
set goes live.
&gt;&gt; And that's helpful. The reason NVH
tracks are as short as they are is
because the amount of manh hours it
would take to run every single car a
tremendous distance would be
prohibitive.
&gt;&gt; And uh this doesn't apply when there's
nobody driving. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you can your cost is just the
juice
&gt;&gt; and what you get for that is a whole lot
of uh of better data that then can be
fed not to some guy with a clipboard who
says, "Huh, we should look into that."
But directly back into the actual
equipment in the factory saying, "Uh uh
uh the bolt, the third bolt on the
armrest needs another half pound of
torque."
&gt;&gt; Right. And we actually uh heard that
from Lars Morid recently. They were
saying that as they're autonomously
driving the vehicles over to the
outbound lot, they're also using the
acoustic capability to find out, you
know, hey, there's a rattles coming from
the right door and it's sent right back
to the factory and the guys working on
it can look and see, do they have a clip
problem or or whatever. So, uh, you
know, they're doing a lot of that, uh,
testing and the, uh, the inherent, uh,
equipment that's in the Teslas seems to
give them that capability. So, it's, uh,
just pretty cool to see how they are
doing that.
&gt;&gt; Now, looking over here, uh, this I'm
seeing, uh, more equipment for the
factory, but Joe, I thought the factory
was done. I remember I remember very
well years ago people telling you, "What
will you cover when the factory is
complete?"
&gt;&gt; I know. So boring there.
&gt;&gt; It's so boring. And I said complete.
What is What does that mean in this
context? Cuz maybe you're not familiar
with Tesla. Even Fremont, which is maxed
out, has changes all the time.
&gt;&gt; What are they moving in?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is I mean there's a lot to
look at on this particular picture. Um
everything from the upper left is where
they're putting superchargers together
and they're using some of those folding
unit bases so that they can preassemble
it, put it on a truck, take it to
wherever they're going and they can, you
know, fold it out and and very quickly
get those going. And they're they're
building a lot of them here, much more
than's used at the factory. So it's
being deployed all over the area. And
then near there, kind of in the middle
part, you can just sort of see some
packaging that's red and white. Those
are some, you know, items that they're
unpacking. That's uh most likely
production equipment, production line
equipment. So, that's being prepared to
be moved in. Also, in that general area
is where all the cabinets were stored
temporarily for the 4680 production, and
that's all now gone because it's been
moved into the factory as they've been
building out that capability. Um, in the
top right, you can just make out a whole
bunch of transformers. And uh you know
there's been a lot of talk about uh uh
energy systems around the country, AI
data centers, obviously mega pack
installations and one thing that they
all have in common is transformers. And
transformers is a major limiting factor
for all of that. And the lead times from
order to delivery can be years. So Tesla
has been accumulating a lot of them over
the last couple of years, storing them
here until they're needed. And the
majority of these when they are needed
are leaving the site also going to
wherever they're they're being put
together. So um that's just three things
that are going on this picture. There's
there's other workshops there too that
are supporting uh the pipe manufacturing
testing of cooling systems and and a lot
more.
&gt;&gt; Now uh there's a reason we're not
showing the video. We're just showing
stills from the video. That's because
Joe's videos are worth watching in their
entirety. uh and he provides narration.
He walks you through what all this stuff
is. What we're doing here is more of
just a quick recap. Uh now, I'm sure
you've heard this uh unfortunate news,
but it's over for Tesla. It's done. No
one will buy their cars anymore. Hang
on. What's this?
&gt;&gt; These are all decoys.
&gt;&gt; What you see is not what's really there.
either that or I'm using AI to live put
in a bunch of vehicles there. But uh uh
no. Yeah, it it seems like uh things are
really popping along here with
production. Uh this is the outbound lot,
the primary place where the vehicles are
temporarily stored for the trucks to
pick them up. And uh what we're seeing
here is a lot of Model Y's. And it's
every version of the Model Y from the
the Model Y rear wheel drive to the
performance and even now including the Y
L's which are under production. Um the
other interesting thing here besides the
quantity is that they're intermixing
cyber cabs, Cyber Trucks and Model Y all
throughout this location.
&gt;&gt; So I saw that Lonesome uh Cyber Cab over
at the back here on the left and I
thought, "Oh, so it's just going out
with the rest of them. That makes sense
because if they only need to add one
more in a particular location, get it
in, throw plates on it, and off it goes
to wherever it needs to be.
&gt;&gt; Right. And we've been seeing lately that
could be anywhere in the United States.
It seems like
&gt;&gt; it really does. We've seen them in
certainly every major market, almost
every major market. Uh so that's pretty
crazy. now uh because we, you know, have
to talk about it. Uh cyber cab's not
real. It's definitely not real. Uh
that's a couple of cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was just yesterday and uh uh
from what I understanding there's
there's more out in the lot today and
hopefully I'll get a chance to see them.
Uh production generally is Monday
through Thursday. So when I fly on
Fridays, it's mostly kind of a
everything's accumulated and they're
getting ready to start transporting over
the weekend. So, uh, hopefully I'll get
a chance to see even more out on the
lot, but they are loading them up and
moving them off almost as fast as
they're accumulating. And this is just
one of probably three or four locations
just in the outbound lot that has cyber
cabs. So, they're they're everywhere,
which is really great to see. I know the
big question everybody has is when are
these going to be in the robo taxi
fleet? When am I going to be able to get
a ride? And and I can't answer that. I
wish I could. Uh but it's pretty clear
that they are prepositioning them all
over the place for something and
hopefully in the near future.
&gt;&gt; Uh now I know we've talked about this
before. Uh there is a helicopter pad.
Has anyone ever used it?
&gt;&gt; Yes, they've I have seen it being used
on occasion and almost always it was for
like emergency response uh training. Uh
so you know there are scenarios where
they may have to do evacuation maybe
somebody got hurt or mass casualty or
whatever. So they do some training for
that. So it's very infrequent but I have
seen helicopters use that pad and that's
the things I keep in mind when I'm
flying around is to check and make sure
there's not a helicopter there or in
inbound.
&gt;&gt; The new uh helicopter pad at Giga Nevada
is part of the driveway. That's how
infrequently they intend to use it is
just just for emergencies.
So, they've been rebuilding this big
pond. Uh why?
&gt;&gt; Uh which particular one over on the
right hand side? This one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is um on the south end of the
east side where they are preparing to
build the joint venture with with SpaceX
uh the advanced technology chip fab. And
this large pond is called a water
retention pond and versus a water
detention pond. And the difference is
that this one is being designed for a
liner and to hold water. And it will
also have overflow capability. That's
why it's so big. So when you get lots of
rain and a lot of runoff, it'll be able
to control it, prevent the flooding
around all the facilities. And then at
the bottom left, you can see kind of the
outflow channel that they are in the
process of building. It's got some
pretty large uh steel corrugated pipes
that run underneath the road. That's
River Road. And then it exits towards
the Colorado River, which is behind the
drone from this perspective. Uh once
that is completed and the rest of the
retaining walls are done, um plus the
grade work that you see kind of at the
bottom of the pond, um I'm expecting to
see a liner put in and then uh it will
fill up to some degree. So it'll be both
a a water management feature, but also
something that will, you know, that
you'll see. It'll be an architectural
feature as well for this part of the
site.
&gt;&gt; And if you like mosquitoes, come on.
They have they seem to have a pretty
good mitigation practice. Now, when
we're looking over here, because we're
talking about that big data center
thing, we're seeing them clearing out.
This is uh that area.
&gt;&gt; This is what they're what they're
cutting up. This is what we believe is
going to be the foundation for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. At least the beginnings of it. Um
it's I've been looking at this a lot and
it's sort of an irregularly shaped plot
of land. So, if you have a rectangle
building, uh, you know, where it's going
to fit and exactly how wide or long it's
going to be is something I'm watching to
see. Uh, they did provide a render, uh,
but it was only a portion of the factory
and it was the south end looking across
back to the main factory. So, you know,
we can tell that it's a roughly the same
shape. Uh, we can tell that it's smaller
than the factory. uh and Elon has made a
point of saying that this is the small
one, the the big one, the the second
part, the terraab, uh which is going to
be built somewhere else is is 10 times
as big as the main factory itself. But
this one's somewhat smaller, but exactly
how big, I don't know. I haven't seen
any specific permits or so. Uh but as
you can tell here, the the the shape of
that land is kind of irregular and you
can kind of start seeing a rectangular
kind of form form or foundation taking
shape. Um and other things that people
ask me about is that uh all of the
trailers you see there, that's the East
Warehouse and Wheels. Is that going
away? What are they doing? Um, I don't
know, but it looks like they are making
it narrower and longer so that it may
still be there to support the factory
and allow the construction of the
advanced technology chip fab uh with
that space. And as I said, it's very
irregular. So, there's enough room
particularly right in the middle bottom
where you see that pile of uh gravel.
Uh, maybe something else will be put
there. I don't know. And then um you can
kind of discern a it looks like a a
horseshoe shaped road right now.
Eventually that's going to be on the
right Tesla road that's extended over to
have an intersection with River Road
which is on the left and uh we'll have
this big intersection and then that will
either you can drive to the south uh
where we were with the pond or you can
drive north which will get you closer to
the Optimus factory. So there is still a
lot of work to be done here and we're
just seeing the beginnings of it. Um the
other thing that I remind people is in
2028 all the things people are talking
about you know chips being built and
innovation and all that is going to be
here. So you're getting a preview of
something that we're going to be talking
about in 28 right now here in 26.
&gt;&gt; That is very exciting. And you know uh
all of these things Joe they're
impossible. We know because we've been
following it for all these years and
sure nearly all of them have happened.
Some things even happen early.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm sure that you know there's
been dozens of companies that have
already done this in the past 50, 60, 70
years ago. So, there's nothing new here.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes, and uh I did have a comment
from someone saying everything Tesla
does is late. And I point out what about
Model Y? Model Y was announced in March
of a year 19 I guess 2019 and they said
it'll be out uh end of next year which
could have be anywhere from I guess July
to December and it came out in March 365
days later ahead of schedule ahead of
the earliest part of the schedule. You
look at Giga Shanghai phase one was done
two months early. Phase two was done
about a month early and it was twice the
size of phase one. So, not everything is
late. It's just easier to remember the
misses if that's what you're looking
for.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, uh there's this little facility over
here that uh you know, I don't know.
Something's not safe about this
building. Everything comes out wrecked.
&gt;&gt; It's always crashing.
&gt;&gt; It's always crashing. I mean, they they
should really work on that. Hey, I
noticed some uh some a vehicle with too
many wheels in there. What's going on?
Yeah. Well, this is actually kind of
interesting is this is I did this uh on
the 8th of July, so from when we made
this video. It was just yesterday, and I
was getting some closer in views of what
was going on at the crash testing
facility. And over the last several
weeks, I've noticed that a refreshed
semi has been parked out in the lot, and
it's been it's moved around a little
bit. They took the I don't know what you
call it, the the the top part off, the
cab part,
&gt;&gt; fairing,
&gt;&gt; the fairing, and that's stored on the
north part. But uh the vehicle was gone
and I was wondering where it was. So I
happened to look at it this way and you
can see with the lighting at the time
that it's inside the crash test facility
and it's sort of on that northwest
corner inside the facility. U why I
don't know but it is the crash test
facility. So one would presume that
maybe they're doing some crash testing
of the new semi and just verifying
whatever data they have or maybe they
needed to collect some additional data.
Um, because it's a semi, I think it's
got different rules, uh, from like the
crash testing rules, but clearly they're
doing they're doing something with it,
which is pretty neat.
&gt;&gt; So, the rule on crash testing for semis
is they don't have to do it. There's no
requirement for crash testing. The major
manufacturers do it because they want
good data. They want safe trucks, and
they want good marketing.
&gt;&gt; We know they've been crash testing
these. This one, we're not sure. Maybe
it has, maybe it will be, maybe we're
reading too much into it,
&gt;&gt; but I have seen crash tested semis uh in
the past, so I know they exist.
&gt;&gt; Uh that is definitely something that
they're doing.
&gt;&gt; If we go over to the to the university
over here, uh you pointed out something
about the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this uh I call it the Optimus
University Cortex 2. This is where
Optimus's brain is trained. So um you
know, it's a brand new facility. It's
still partially under construction, but
uh typically with Tesla, that doesn't
slow them down. So, it's about uh let's
call it 50% operational now. They're
they are using it for training. Um the
big things that you notice here, there's
two giant cooling towers. This is twice
the cooling that Cortex one at the south
end of the factory has, and that's where
they do the full self-driving uh
testing, our training. Um, but the one
that's closest to us is operational. And
yesterday when I flew, uh, at least four
of the fans were being used, which is
sort of an indirect way of thinking
about what they're doing with the
computers inside. Um, on the left hand
side, just on the the side of the
building, you can see all those white
things. Those are mega packs, and it's
about half of the mega packs for the uh,
final installation. Those are all
installed. And you can also see the
electrical switch yard in the top left.
That's where the power is coming to uh
Cortex 2. And uh just on the very bottom
of the screen, uh another great
indicator is that they to augment the
cooling systems as they were building
them, they had uh there you go. They had
these temporary chillers that were
installed. And sort of between the the
six fan unit on the left and the die
shop on the right, the building on the
right, you can see that nine of those
have been removed. There's a big space
now and then additional nine have been
disconnected. So, uh that tells me that
their primary cooling system is getting
pretty mature at least for the first
part and the second one in the the
distance is uh uh in the process of
being completed. So, they are making
some pretty significant uh uh progress
with this. They're already using it. Uh
it started to go online in April uh and
that was pretty much on target. So,
we're talking about things being late or
whatever. It's pretty much exactly when
they expected it. And based on their
projections, it should be fully
operational, probably sometime in the
fall this year. And to me, what I can
see with the construction, the
preparation they have for more of the
mega packs coming in, how the cooling
systems coming together, and just some
of the other equipment that's coming in,
I think that they are they are on track
to meet that as well. And it's also
important because you know Fremont
they're going to be sometime this
fallish towards the end of the year they
want to be building the first sets of
the Optimus and they're going to need
the brain to be trained and this is
where that's happening.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I would say that the cooling
towers being operational isn't a lagging
indicator. It's a leading indicator of
what's going on inside. decommissioning
that absolute sea of of temporary
coolers is a very encouraging sign.
That's one of the things we were looking
for.
&gt;&gt; And I did have someone ask me, "Oh, do
you think that like XAI, Tesla will rent
out their surplus uh capacity?" And I
said, I don't think Tesla's going to
have surplus capacity. If anything, they
might have too much demand because
Optimus is a it has more features
available than a car, more functions
built in.
&gt;&gt; I think Optimus is significantly more of
a challenge when it comes to operating
in the human environment than cars do.
Um, and
&gt;&gt; you know, Tesla and XAI, SpaceX are sort
of kind of related. So if they needed to
compute, they could have just maybe
rented Colossus directly from
themselves, but instead they chosen to
build two huge data centers here at Giga
Texas. So I think that says that Tesla
wants to have this for their own uses.
&gt;&gt; That is my take as well. And this is to
give you an idea. It's very easy to lose
sight of scale. How high up are you at
this point? 100 ft.
&gt;&gt; Uh right there probably about 110 to 120
ft. I try to do that to make sure I
clear the dice shop, which is just to
the right of the the screen.
&gt;&gt; This is a full-size pickup truck down
here uh right above the right there at
the bottom. That tow those towers are
massive.
&gt;&gt; Uh now, when we get to the other side
now, nobody can stand up a uh data
center the way XAI can except perhaps
Tesla because it is using the same kind
of competencies. So when we get over to
the other side, we get to see those mega
packs you were talking about. Now Joe,
if I want to build a data center, I need
to get these mega packs. But I'm
competing against someone like Tesla who
has a 30% margin on them that they don't
pay
&gt;&gt; because they're their own.
&gt;&gt; So they're putting in mega packs for
cheaper than anyone else can buy them.
&gt;&gt; They are. And and I think even though
they have their factories and they're
building another one that should come
online I think later this year over in
Houston uh the fact that they decided to
do this in a phased approach shows that
the demand for these is still quite high
and uh I think uh they just chose to do
this so that they can meet the external
customer demand while they are bringing
this online. So, very soon we should
start seeing more mega packs arriving.
They've got almost everything now set up
to uh accept them and start installing
them. And when they are done, Cortex 2
by itself will have about 260 megaps.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. That's amazing. So if we look
at one of the first things that we
followed when we were following this
factory at all was of course grading,
draining the swamp, knocking the hills
down and uh those days are of course
long gone unless of course unless of
course you count the grading and
draining. They're doing the same stuff.
They're using they have to have water to
compact it properly layer by layer.
They're pulling it from the swamp
because it's there. Uh this is a whole
lot of grading going from really far
north to really far south. But we're
gonna first talk about what's this
what's this building over here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. First I was going to say this is
like what's old is new again. I thought
we were done with the uh land
reclamation work and here we are. This
is what Giga Texas looked like six years
ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So we got this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For those that don't know, this
used to be a sand and gravel mine. So
that's why you have these linear hills
and ponds is that how that's how they
would excavate the material and then
they would just go to the next, you
know, line and then make a whole those.
&gt;&gt; So uh yeah, so they need to do this so
they can build this new factory which is
the uh uh not to confuse people, this is
the next generation Optimus factory. So
there is one being built at Fremont.
That's why they shut down the SNX lines.
And that one is sort of like a big pilot
line. Uh I think they've advertised up
to maybe a million robots per year kind
of scale. This one is another organ
order of magnitude larger. This one's
going to be at least for now they're
saying 10 million per year. Um the
factory itself is going to be a
substantial percentage of the Giga Texas
factory once it's completed. That's both
footprint and uh total square footage.
Um it's going to be slightly narrower,
almost as long and almost the same
shape. So that familiar uh beveled
corner shape is what we're going to be
seeing here. And uh again, this is what
Giga Texas looked like six well five
years ago. four and a half five and a
half years ago when they were finished
with the grading work which still they
have more time more to do here but then
they started doing the steel erection
and just like the main factory their
approach here was to grade it out get
the footings installed which they're
doing and there's a lot of them already
there then they start prepositioning the
steel and then they're starting in the
almost the center and then they're
working their way out so they're working
north south east and west from this main
structure and you know, it's already
showing us it's it's going to be four
floors. You can see some of the floor
decking in there and some of the roof
structure is already in place. And on
the ground, you can see all those
footings, which by the way brings Brian
and me back to the good old days where
we were counting squares.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. So, if you
look at these footings, they don't look
like much, but if you skip up here, you
can see that they are
&gt;&gt; gigantic.
&gt;&gt; Gigantic. They are robust. You can see
little teeny tiny people next to them.
These slabs have got to be 20 feet
to the side.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think they're something like uh
five to six meters on a on a side. So
that's what is that? No, not that. Yeah,
that's right. About 15 to 20 feet. Yeah.
So, and then the spacing in between the
columns, I think it's slightly narrower
than the main factory, but not a whole
lot. So if we use feet, it's probably 40
to 45 feet between columns. So if you
now go into the columns and you count
them up, you can get an idea of what the
dimensions of the building are going to
be. And there's three different kinds of
footings that they've been putting in.
Uh they're all basically the same where
they have uh an excavation on prepared
soil supported by geop, which is a pier
that goes through the dirt down to
something solid. And uh then they have
either a a rebar cage with a flat base
and then the mounts right on that uh
footing or they have these uh pedestal
ones and they have two different heights
of the pedestals. They get those set up
and then they they bury it. They, you
know, cover it all up and it's just
depending on the loading that they
expect for the building. Uh but this if
if you if I if you showed me this
picture five and a half years ago, I
would have thought it was just the main
factory. It looked just like this. It it
looks absolutely just like it. Um, and
uh I should mention uh don't leave yet
because I've got another vid picture to
show, but then I've got a couple
questions. But I wanted to mention that
Joe will be back in a day or two. I'm
not sure when the second video will run.
We'll be looking at the reaction and
mold uh injection molding, the plastic
panels, if you will, for the Cyber Cab,
what we've learned about them and what
we know, and some speculation. So, the
last bit I wanted to show because it's
so beautiful is the wide shot when you
uh get out here and you can see
&gt;&gt; that. Oh my goodness. So, are we
expecting it to go all the way down to
where the grading is? Cuz like you said
in your video, that road is kind of
disappearing.
&gt;&gt; It is. Yeah. So, the north end where the
steel structure is, we can see those
angled corners. So, we know that's the
north boundary. But as it continues its
working its way south, you can tell that
they are now doing that reclamation work
and they're removing even more of the
trees. So the length of the building
towards the bottom of the screen is
going to continue to increase. The
ultimate length, I'm not really sure
yet, but it's probably going to be
somewhere on the order of 4,000 ft long.
uh which means that around where the
trees are, maybe a little bit more tree
removal is how far that building is
going to extend. And what they are doing
here is they're taking advantage of the
terrain that they have where the
building is is under construction right
now. That used to be just a large
rectangular uh field that had not had
the linear sand and gravel mining done.
And on the south end, you can clearly
see that the hills are still there in
that linear formation. And that's where
sand and gravel mining was being done.
So they're building on the flat part
that they've uh you know done all the
surveys on and they were able to get
going quickly. And second phase is
they're preparing the south end so they
can extend the building. And what I
expect to see, just like we saw with
Giga Texas, is that they're going to do
uh something called the minimum
essential capability construction
technique, which is they're going to
build the minimum parts of the factory
they need to start moving equipment in
and start getting initial operations
going while they continue to extend the
building to the south to get to its
final size. So there is no we're going
to wait until it's done before we start
doing anything. It's they're going to be
moving stuff in while a lot of the
building is still looking like what we
see here. So, it's going to be pretty
cool to watch.
&gt;&gt; And that's what we saw with Giga Texas.
Uh that's what we saw with Berlin. And
if you waited for the building to be
done,
Texas would not yet be producing
anything.
&gt;&gt; This is a good way to do it. And in
terms of timeline, you know, we're
probably looking 28 before this begins
production. It could be minimally done
in a year, year and a half. Uh but then
you've got to start loading in all the
equipment, getting everything set up and
configured. There's a lot of moving
pieces. Well, if we if we use Giga
Texas's history as an example, and what
I kind of expect to see with this
facility is um you know, Giga Texas was
built to start building the Model Y and
the rest of it was basically an empty
box and then they I think refined what
they needed for the Cybert truck and
then they started putting the lines in
the box of the building. So, it's very
likely something similar is going to
happen here. They'll start building
maybe some of the robot, make sure that
they can, you know, work through their
issues, their challenges. Maybe the
design will be be modified along the
way. They still have at least a year and
a half before I think they can really
start producing much. And then they can
maybe use the rest of the building to
expand or make modifications as they get
more experience with the robot
manufacturing. And as Elon has
mentioned, building a robot is something
that's very, very new. It's not like
building a car. It's got its own unique
challenges. And I'm sure they're going
to be doing a lot of learning along the
way. And that's one of the reasons why
Fremont's coming online as quickly as it
is. It's going to give them a lot of
that experience, and then they'll be
able to take advantage of this extra
space with this building that they are
currently uh putting into construction.
So, I I think we'll probably see see
equipment being put in maybe next
spring. Uh they might start doing
initial stuff towards the end of 27 and
then the 28 will be the big year.
&gt;&gt; So, I tell you, man, it's exciting to
watch it happen. When you first started
covering this site, uh you watch them
add more parcels of land around the
edges.
&gt;&gt; Did you think that's too much land?
M no, actually I I'm it was a lot of
land and I was wondering how long it was
going to take for them to develop it.
And truth be told, even with everything
that's under development, they still
have probably close to a thousand acres
left over that they could still build
on, which is a a lot. Um, but you know,
from the standpoint of you already own
the land, you've already got all of the
permits and the relationships with the
state, uh, why not use all of this to
keep building out more and more
capabilities. Um, rather than having to
find a new location and then establish
all the logistics, the support, the
politics, the everything. Uh so it it I
think it's going to turn out in the long
run to be a really great choice on their
part and as we know this part of Texas
is growing enormously and Giga Texas is
one of those kind of uh big b businesses
that's gravitational pull for a lot of
other supporting businesses. Samsung's
not too far away and they're going to be
playing a huge role with chips for Tesla
and a variety of other businesses
including a lot of the Elon Musk
companies. Uh Starlink building uh the
AI data center uh orbiting data center
factory is being constructed nearby. Uh
they're building the uh the the solar
panels for all the satellites they're
going to be using. The Boring Company is
nearby. Neurolink. It's all very very
close to this location.
&gt;&gt; And uh like you said, it is since it's
already a talent magnet, since you
already have talent here, there are
people over at the the car factory or
the battery factory or the cathodes who
uh might be ready for a change.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; maybe they want to do something
different. Guess what? We got it right
here. You don't even need to update your
parking permit.
&gt;&gt; Uh so they could have those
opportunities.
&gt;&gt; And this is quite big. Hey. Uh, the
other thing I wanted to ask is 4680
production. We know it's going into the
cyber cabs. We know it's going into the
cyber trucks and we believe it's going
into the semiis already as well. Do they
got enough?
&gt;&gt; Uh, well, they um they have been doing a
lot of work, mostly internal, so it's
out of view, but you can still see all
the signs. And that is there's been some
internal concrete slab uh
reconfiguration. And you can see that by
the chunks coming out and the new rebar
and the concrete going in. We've seen
hundreds of new cabinetry that is
associated with building the 4680s going
inside. Uh I know that there was
originally space for I think eight lines
and they only had at 1.4 so they had
enough to double that. Um I know they've
been hiring more people to come in. And
over at the recycling area where they,
you know, recycle the cans, there's been
a lot of them coming out. that almost to
me suggests that they're doing trial
setup of lines. Uh and of course we've
heard from Tesla that they've got the
dry cathode uh process uh pretty much
under control now, the calendaring
rolling. Um, and uh, adding to that with
the lithium plant and what they're doing
with the cathode plant is they've got
almost the entire supply chain from raw
material to finished batteries and a lot
of movement to build out that production
capability. So, um, I think they're well
positioned for it. And another good
indicator is that Giga Berlin is adding
4680 production there and they're using
all of the the learnings, the lessons,
the materials, the equipment that has
been through trial by fire at Giga Texas
over for uh Giga Berlin. So I think all
that together says yes, I think that
they uh have a a good handle on the
supply that they need for the 4680s.
&gt;&gt; Fantastic. Love to hear it. Wanted to
let you know that just a few minutes
before we went on uh David Moss posted
the cabs are out testing today.
&gt;&gt; There we go. This is what it looks like
the ground. I can show you from the air,
but uh it's pretty cool. And we talked
at the beginning that they were using
the rumble strips a lot, but lately
they've been driving around the oval,
too. Um and there's stop signs on parts
of the oval. So, uh, it seems like
they're doing some testing with driving
and then stopping and then continuing
on. Um, it's not exactly Formula 1, but
it is pretty cool to see them, uh,
whipping around this track. And as we
were talking with their factories, the
track is not completed yet, and they're
still using it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So guys, uh,
head over to Joe's channel, find out
what he's up to, get all of this
information when it's brand new and
fresh, uh, without me poking around
asking questions. Uh, you know, uh,
like, subscribe, do what you do. Thanks
for hanging out. So, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it all
in them comments below. And everyone
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to see you clever robots in
person over that uh, 1010 period, which
I assume we'll both be at. Mhm.
Absolutely.