Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Gloomy Headlines Paint Desperately Incomplete Picture
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Zp4aV9SE60
Published:   2026-04-04 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-04 12:52 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is BYYD doomed? We see a lot in the
press about negative stories suggesting
that things are going very, very badly
for one of the world's largest
automakers. But is it so? I'm here to
tell you I don't quite see it. I see a
lot of things that perhaps others don't.
And I'm going to share some receipts so
perhaps you can see it, too. Let's get
into it. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
So, here's the thing is years ago I made
a series of these and I did them for
about a year covering are they doomed?
And what I would find is that on certain
ones BYD and Tesla, people loved it. And
then as I'd get down through the brands
pretty soon they became a drag, a drain,
a draw against the channel and it made
the channel less popular overall. So,
there's going to be a whole series of
these on Patreon. We'll do a couple out
for the public so you can see them on
topics that I know are important and
valuable. Let's get into it. You can
find them all on Patreon. Help me out
there if you like. BYD, oh my gosh, this
was all over social media. Sees first
profit drop since 2021, even as the
Tesla rival takes global EV crown. See,
they're running out of money. They're
going broke as the prophecy predicted.
My prophecy did not predict that because
if you drill into it, what you find is
no, no, no. their sales are up, their
margin is down, their profit is down.
Well, that's okay if you're in a period
of rapid expansion, which BYD kind of
has been. BYD is going after a lot of
different things and they're very
vertically integrated, which exposes
them to more risk. But at the same time,
it means their suppliers who are
supplying them, what few are left, don't
go broke in the process. So, they've
been expanding into global markets,
including Latin America and Europe,
where auto analysts say profit margins
are typically higher than in China. It's
also banking on cutting edge technology
upgrades to grow appeal, announcing a
new powerful fast charging battery days
ahead of its earnings report. So that
means it's not that bad. So they are
down 19% in terms of profit, but it's a
short-term thing. They're still
profitable, just not as profitable.
They're okay with that if it means
growth. Tesla's also down. So uh do you
think Tesla's doomed over a headline
like that? I would disagree if that's
your conclusion. BYD shifts away from
in-house payment system that strain
suppliers. This is a big story we saw
last summer. It was discovered that BYD
was taking 130 180 days to pay some of
their suppliers. That makes your numbers
look better than they are. Now, it still
shows up as a debt. They still have to
account for it, but it doesn't count as
an expense that's been paid just yet.
Debts don't look as bad as negative cash
flow, for example, or a loss of profit.
they were able to get that addressed and
they have moved away from it. This was
largely unwound last year. So this is
from uh November of 204 was it? Yeah,
November of 25. Uh so BYD has told some
suppliers it wants to stop using the
in-house financial notes to uh take care
of it. Reuters was unable to learn the
scope of the shift. So anyway, uh
basically there was regulatory
uh pressure applied because BYD wasn't
the only one doing it. BYYD and top car
makers slash payment terms to boost
supply chain stability following
regulatory pressure. So last June we saw
that they were going to have to unwind
it and that they were in the process of
doing so. BYD, GAC, FAW, a lot of them
were doing it and they have publicly
committed to standardizing supplier
payments within 60 days. These have been
done. We saw some pretty weak quarters
following this because they had to
update how they pay, specifically when
they pay. So, it wasn't as big of a deal
as a lot of people thought it might be.
So, if you've never seen any of that are
they doomed series where you go category
by category and assign a score.
Engineering. BYD has good engineering.
You can look at something like the Denza
Z9 GT. This is their newest super
exciting car. 950 horsepower. It's a
whole lot of car. Looks pretty nice on
the inside, if a bit busy for my taste.
But I get it. It's all the things. It's
got the center screen. It's got the uh
typical in-your-face kind of display.
It's got the heads up display. It's got
all of it. And it's not outrageously
priced. So, in terms of the engineering,
they're very good at that. Um, and also
in terms of the engineering, because
before we get too excited, we should
mention some the good with the bad. One
last piece of good, the batteries.
They've got very good batteries. They've
got the new LMFP.
So, it's not an LFP battery. It's got
manganesees in it that can allow up to
1,500 kilowatts of charging. That's 1
and a half megawatt charging. You can
charge up real real fast. A lot of
people don't need that. Great. don't use
it, but if you do need it, you have it.
And these are already rolling out uh in
China. Roll out in Europe is coming uh
soon if it's not already there. But
these flash charging batteries are
insane and they are still expected to
outlive the life of the vehicle. And
this car has like 500 miles of range. uh
in the Chinese in the CLTC rating it's
something like a thousand kilometers
something like 600 miles but that
accounts for much slower driving in
faster driving in city driving you'd be
uh in faster driving in the west you'd
get more like you know 400 miles of
range it's a very very good car maybe
even 500 it's going to be over 400 quite
likely yeah 10 to 70 in five minutes 10%
to 97% % in 9 minutes. 9 minutes, you
still got time to hit the bathroom, but
be efficient. So, their engineering is
quite good. With that said, hey, you
remember they rolled out their big God's
eyee uh driverless system already on 2.3
million vehicles in China. What a data
advantage that gives them. And I've seen
people say, "Yes, but they don't have
the compute." Uh, they might have more
compute than you think. Chinese firms
are of course of course going to adhere
to the not using the state-of-the-art
chip uh requests of other countries, but
also they're going to get the chips
anyhow they can and use them. But God's
Eye, which was touted as the next big
thing, has had some setbacks. This is
even from February of last year, might
not be such a boon after all. Aside from
unfavorable comparisons, calling it
God's Eye could be a misleading moniker.
and as misleading as full self-driving.
So, it's crazy. Uh, they spent a lot of
money, they spent a lot of engineering,
and it is running into serious problems.
This is from March 26. This is very up
to-date. We know they're running into
serious problems because Nvidia adds BYD
to their self-driving tech business. Oh
no, you found a dead end. BYD found a
dead end. They put a bunch of money into
that dead end. So on engineering, as
much as I'd love to give them a, you
know, eight or 10, I'm going to give
them a seven. Seven out of 10 is still
very good, uh, don't be don't be sad
about that. Great. It's, you know, two
whole points above absolutely average.
Then we get to demand, and we've seen a
lot of demand stories on BYD. They're
running out of demand. Nobody wants
them. BYD vehicle sales slumped 30% in
January as China demand cools. Yeah,
maybe. But also it could be buyers
waiting for the next big thing which is
starting to come out now. But we are
seeing this uh sales dropped 30% in
January but they were doing a lot of
exporting at the time. Don't forget
delivery waves. So they are yeah
delivering quite a few vehicles. Wait
for the whole quarter to get a better
picture. Uh but really the big one is
and I'll skip that one is here's the
European registrations. BYD is up and
we're seeing that around the world. In
other countries, BYYD is starting to not
to show up in the numbers, but get big
in the numbers. BYD is positioned to be
a global player in ways that a lot of
legacy car companies can't understand.
Ford doesn't understand why the Mache
didn't sell well in China. Well, it's a
pretty good car in a sea of really good
cars that cost a whole lot less. But the
big thing BYD is doing right now is
building their international position.
So, if we look at this here, we'll see
that Is it on this one? Different one.
I'll get to that. I see later. Um, BYD
is in a lot of markets. So, let's take a
look at a market like Nepal. As you guys
may recall, I went there last year to
see what's going on. And BYD is
dominating. Electric cars have dominated
because of a big shift towards uh
electric cars. Nepal doesn't have oil.
They do have electricity. Let's
electrify so we don't send our petrol
dollars overseas, never to be seen
again. Let's keep that money in the
country, guys. BYD got to Nepal happy to
sell almost no cars, to lose money, to
just sit there and promote without
actually getting any benefits. Well,
when the market shifted, they were
there. They were ready. They dominate.
And we're seeing that in a lot of South
and Central American countries as well
where BYD just showed up and waited.
Going to wait because when it's time,
they will get there. So on that topic
demand I have given them a a seven. It's
not it's not a six. I tell you it's real
tough to come up with these numbers but
it is uh it is there. So that's where
we're at with with demand cost controls.
That's a big one. That's one that a lot
of startups really struggled with. BYD
is not a startup. They are a seasoned
company. Although they are only 15 years
into making serious automobiles making
automobiles at all. five years into
making them in a serious fashion.
They're not slowing down. Cost controls
is a big one. How can they get their
costs under control? Well, the same way
Tesla did. Tesla overbuilt factory
capacity. Now, they don't need to build
factory capacity. They have factories.
They may need new equipment to make
something like a cyber cab, but they
have the factory space. Now, the semi,
of course, they had to build that
because that's in a different place and
a different shape. But if Tesla wants to
make more cars, they can make more cars.
BYD built a factory. And I hope you're
sitting down because this is the
factory. And if it looks uh big and
weird, do I have to click it? There we
go. Uh if it looks big and weird, it's
because it is. All these gray buildings
are the BYD factory. And all the colored
ones are Tesla's factories laid over the
top of them. So you can see that just
this one factory in just this one
location is massively bigger than all of
Tesla's factories combined. That's not
to say that means that they will win,
but it does mean that this is worth more
than a Tesla factory on paper because
these factories are built in a
traditional fashion, which means they
can't become stranded assets in the way
a Tesla factory could. You're not going
to buy a Tesla factory and go in and use
it. It's set up for Tesla. BYDs are set
up for anyone. Anyone can use them.
Anyone could use them if they bought the
factory, if they bought some capacity
out of this factory. So, this means
they've got factory space. they don't
need to spend that money again. Another
advantage on cost on cost controls is
western automakers outsourced supply
chains for decades and now Chinese
rivals have the cost edge. Yeah, the
Chinese companies are uh vertically
integrated in ways that US automakers,
western automakers simply are not. They
have something like 80% of their parts
are made inhouse. 80% says right here
produced nearly 80% of its core
components, more than double that of
Tesla. So this gives them a tremendous
advantage. $2370
in supplier markups per unit on the seal
uh is saved. That means they can sell it
for 2369 less and make the same amount
of money. So that means that they uh
were able to eek out a 20% gross profit
margin on vehicles gross compared with
Tesla's 18%. And that wasn't through
trickery. They did have to catch up and
pay all the suppliers, but it's by
having fewer suppliers. BYD owns the
rollon rolloff ships. They own the
mines. They have there are employees at
BYD who are miners. And I don't mean
child labor. That's largely a myth. And
it also happens in the US. Cash on hand
is a big one. Oh, I didn't give you a
score on cost controls. What did I put
that at? I put that at seven. Good. But
I can't go any higher. Cash on hand is a
big one. How much cash on hand do they
have? A lot. Over 20 billion US. That's
a lot. Because they're largely done
growing uh in terms of footprint at
least. They're no longer going to be
spending quite as much money on their
autonomous systems. Perhaps I mean they
are partnering with Nvidia. Maybe that
will give them some edge. It is unclear.
But it does mean that they're not going
to be spending 20, 30, 40 billion on
autonomy. It means they're willing to
partner with someone who has a better
system if they can find it. I had looked
to see if anyone had partnered with BYD.
No one had. They didn't offer it. And
that's now we know because they didn't
have the product ready to go. So, for
cost controls, I'm giving them an eight.
It's a pretty good score. Road map is
where the rubber meets the road. What do
we got going on for Road Map? Well, uh,
these are just the companies that buy
batteries for EVs from BYD. Yeah, Tesla
sometimes Toyota, Ford, Hyundai, Kia,
Mercedes, Volvo, Nissan, BMW, Volkswag,
I mean just everybody. Just everybody.
Because BYD is the second largest
battery maker in the world behind CL and
BYD makes good batteries, batteries that
charge fast, batteries that uh last a
long time. So that gives them their road
map some possibility of uh survival
beyond automotive. Um also on the road
map, they've got a big mega type system.
Of course they do. Why wouldn't they
when they make the batteries that go
into other people's grids scale energy
storage? This isn't going to make them a
trillion dollar company, but it is
helpful. And then on on uh the road map,
I should also mention this is what I
brought up before. They're already in
110 countries. That's uh that's
posturing. That's getting poised for
something. That is loading the spring
for future sales. Well, they don't make
a car that fits my market. They probably
do. They make a lot of cars. They make
like 40 plus different models. there's a
very good chance that the model you need
for your market is something that BYD
makes. So, 5,800 vehicles to Argentina.
Uh, that's great. So, there's a lot of
opportunity there in terms of that. And
the biggest thing I want to mention
before getting to the end of it is that
they are too big to fail. Now, this
article is very cynical. This is from
May of 25. This is echoes of Ever Grand.
No, no, it's not. This is quite
different. Everrand had weird leverage
that got them into trouble. It is too
big to fail. BYD, if it got into a world
of trouble, would find a way to get out
of it because it is so big. Now, if
you're catching this on on a Patreon, I
appreciate you guys being here. If
you're catching this on a public show,
well, you'll you'll figure that out when
you see it. But there's a whole bunch of
these coming. Uh they're going to be um
coming out fast and furious over the
next few weeks. Uh you can uh support me
if you haven't seen this or if you have,
this is how you do it. This is how you
get in to see them. These videos will be
posted on X for channel channel
subscribers, on YouTube for channel
members, and on Patreon for everyone who
signs up as a paid member. So there we
go. And it's got a final score of 72.
72. Not bad. This list may need some uh
refinement, some dialing in. Uh this was
the old list. I feel like Volkswagen. I
feel like uh Stalantis should be added
to this list. And of course they should
and maybe some of the subbrands below
them. Well, what are we looking at here?
Well, we're looking at a bunch of these
coming out in coming weeks. Uh so, uh
you know, check them out. Uh what did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? Leave it
all in them comments below. Uh, join
Patreon if you want to see the full list
as it comes out because I'm only going
to do a few publicly. That's generally
what the level of interest is is just a
handful of big names. Tesla, BYD, maybe
Rivian. The rest will probably just be
on the membersonly area. Who knows? Some
of them might be free. I don't know.
Yeah. So like, subscribe, do what you
do, and stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.