Source:      electrek
Title:       EV sales are normalizing in the US – and TAKING OFF everywhere else
Author:      Jo Borrás
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/07/13/ev-sales-are-normalizing-in-the-us-and-taking-off-everywhere-else/
Published:   2026-07-14 00:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-14 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On today’s totally normal episode of Quick Charge, it seems like EV sales are starting to normalize in the US after the loss of the Federal Tax Credit last September – but they’re taking off everywhere else, and Europe is leading the charge!

Global EV sales hit a record 2 million deliveries in June, lead by a red hot European market and followed by expansion into Southeast Asia, South America, and Africa from more affordable Chinese brands. In the US, EV sales are still down from last year’s peak, but up more than 20% from last month and trending upward as the “pull-ahead” factor of the expiring incentives in Q4 ’25 starts to lose its impact.

Oh – and California has a new $3,500 EV incentive that is absolutely, positively certain to infuriate the Elon stans.

## Source Links

- Global EV sales hit 2 million in June – and the US falls further behind

- Global EV sales hit 1.8 million in May as Europe races ahead

- These are the top 10 best-selling EVs in the US so far in 2026

- California’s new $3,500 EV rebate favors Rivian and Lucid over Tesla

- The grid was melting down in last week’s heat – until EVs came to the rescue

Prefer listening to your podcasts? Audio-only versions of Quick Charge are now available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, and our RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players.

 
 
 

New episodes of Quick Charge are (allegedly) recorded several times per week, most weeks. We’ll be posting bonus audio content from time to time as well, so be sure to follow and subscribe so you don’t miss a minute of Electrek’s high-voltage podcast series.

Got news? Let us know!
Drop us a line at tips@electrek.co. You can also rate us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, or recommend us in Overcast to help more people discover the show.

If you’re considering going solar, it’s always a good idea to get quotes from a few installers. To make sure you find a trusted, reliable solar installer near you that offers competitive pricing, check out EnergySage, a free service that makes it easy for you to go solar. It has hundreds of pre-vetted solar installers competing for your business, ensuring you get high-quality solutions and save 20-30% compared to going it alone. Plus, it’s free to use, and you won’t get sales calls until you select an installer and share your phone number with them. 

Your personalized solar quotes are easy to compare online and you’ll get access to unbiased Energy Advisors to help you every step of the way. Get started here.