Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Could Become The World’s Biggest Company
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUem2HMRavU
Published:   2026-05-13 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-13 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Legendary billionaire investor Ron Baron
in a recent interview says his
investments tied to Elon Musk have
already made about $20 billion in
profits for his clients. We'll watch
these videos today. Baron's firm holds
about $15 billion in SpaceX and 5
billion in Tesla. Baron believes SpaceX
could eventually become the biggest
company in the world because of
Starlink, Starship, reusable rockets,
and future space-based AI compute. He
says SpaceX will be worth 10, 20, or
even $30 trillion over the next 10 or 15
years. The betting markets are now
projecting the SpaceX IPO will close
above 2.2 trillion and they're giving a
50% chance that Tesla and SpaceX merge
within the next year. Lots to discuss
today. The value of betting on Elon Musk
and what's the benefit or harm to Tesla
investors if SpaceX and Tesla do end up
announcing a merger. Today we've got Joe
Backy joining us. is an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pioneerlands.org. Welcome,
Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; We're going to watch a couple videos on
Ron Baron. Uh he's made a lot of money
SpaceX. Of course, SpaceX,
its value was what, 400 billion. Now
it's at two trillion, 1.7 trillion when
it goes IPO next month. By the way, it's
in June. It's coming out soon. In the
meantime, this is uh recent news here.
Looks like that Elon Musk has been busy.
He's he's about to sign multiple deals
to prove out that SpaceX, you know,
space-based AI data centers is a real
business. Last week, they announced the
anthropic deal. That was huge. And one
of the lines it said on the Anthropic
deal was what? They weren't just renting
out Colossus One, which is terrestrial
in Memphis to Anthropic, maybe going to
generate SpaceX5 to6 billion dollars per
year, but it's also space-based that
they had already planned that they're
going to partner when they go to space.
And then now we got news that SpaceX and
Google are in talks to explore data
centers in orbit. We do know that uh
Google uh does have I think about five
to 6% stake of SpaceX. They own 5 to 6%
because of an investment they made in
2015. That's like 10 years ago. But
apparently Google is planning to launch
prototype satellites in early 2027 under
a thing that they call project suncaster
suncatcher. So they're negotiating with
SpaceX because
Who's the only one that can help them
launch these things? Orbital data
centers. So, it sounds a little bit
different. Maybe instead of renting the
data center, it's actually launch
services maybe or both. Yeah. Before we
get to Ron Baron, what's your thoughts
on this?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's hard to overstate what's
going on, right? I had a I had a video
on this in November 2025. I was the
first one. When I heard this the first
time, it was very clear to me this is
the biggest thing that has ever happened
in the history of humanity. And I think
the funny thing is we live in times
where even people you know even people
in fidelity I just saw an executive from
there get that which is kind of nuts
like so someone so basically invent a
business model now infinity scale you
can literally deploy trillions of AI
satellites there's no limit can build a
Dyson swarm because there's unlimited
demand for intelligence by definition it
will just go exponential forever
until something bad happens but that's a
different story. So economically it's
just an infinite. Everyone understands
it who is a little smart. All the
conventional Wall Streeters understand
it. They say, "Yeah, of course it's game
over." So now the only bottleneck is
energy and chips. Chips is not really a
bottleneck, but energy is. So we have to
go to space. Everyone understands it. So
that's what's so mind-boggling to me.
It's not just the thing that is mind.
It's also mind-boggling to me that
everyone gets it because what does it
even mean? It means like it's like a
truly crazy situation. It's similar to
the discovery of America or something
only like infinitely bigger. But back
then it was also everyone got it or the
big colonization phase, right? Everyone
got it. East India trading company like
we need to shift the entire economy of
Europe to building ships and cannons and
hiring people and just capture the whole
planet. And that's what they literally
did. Now it's a little bigger. Now it's
like okay we capture the whole universe
because there's no limit. You just built
AI satellites infinity scale AI
satellites
and I think it's just mindboggling
because there is no flaw. There is no
flaw in the argument other than we have
to be cautious not to blow us up with
some ASI stuff. But other than that,
yeah, look at anthropic. Look at this
stuff. It's just happening and we will
run into an enormous wall of energy
constraints next year. But that's why
everyone is putting pressure now on Elon
and SpaceX. And it's so much fun to
think about these things, but they will
also happen very quickly. Like of course
this whole space-based AI is also so
much bigger than any country. These will
be the people who rule over everything.
And of course Google want like who owns
these satellites? It will be Amazon. It
will be Google. It will be a little bit
of Microsoft and it will be a lot of
SpaceX. And I think the government and
other people will force also Elon. They
don't even need to force Elon, but Elon
will have a general interest in having
Google and Amazon satellites because he
doesn't want to look like like, okay, I
just control everything. So, uh they
have to pay him trillions anyway for
SpaceX. Uh he could be mean and say, I
don't allow it because I want to control
Earth. That would be a big mistake. Elon
is smart. I think he's going to allow
four people. SpaceX compute, um, Google,
Microsoft, Amazon compute. So these will
be the four horsemen who own humanity
and that's it. Because you have to think
about like you own everything. Everyone
has to come to you. Everyone not just to
get your com like your your cloud or
something. It's literally your compute.
It's that's also what people have to
understand. Look at what's happening
with AGI. That's what I tell my teams.
Everyone can now have a thousand hyper
intelligent workers, agents, but you
need to buy them and you need to pay
them and they are little workers in the
cloud and whoever owns these clouds will
have infinity power. And I think that's
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And there is also like what people also
have to understand there are no laws.
There are no rules. like you literally
have complete and total control like if
you have these AI head satellites
there's no censorship there are no laws
of course the governments will try to
somehow do it but how are they going to
do it you say well I'm circling around
earth I'm not in America I'm not in
Europe so I will not be surprised if
Amazon is next if everyone now if all
the key players strike very large deals
right it will be a fight over SpaceX
capacity
&gt;&gt; Elon of course is the master because
he's one of them that's a funny thing he
is a hypers scaler but he will be nice
and allow the other guys to also scale
and h that's what we have
&gt;&gt; so we got we're going to hear more
announcements coming for very soon
because once you get anropic in Google
Elon is busy he's fielding calls he's
the king and we can translate this like
I we can make very bold and clear
predictions also if you're an investor
it's interesting to now comes the next
insane buildout the same way you could
predict SanDisk and micron going through
the roof proof and copper, right? The
indirect effects and then energy of the
insane buildout. I tell you, the next
hyper industry will be Starships because
they
&gt;&gt; he's going to want these announcements
prior to the SpaceX IPO. Okay, let's
watch Ron Baron. He is billionaire
investor Baron Funds. He is a big fan,
big investor in Tesla, but he also put
in 1.7 billion in SpaceX and it's almost
10x. He's made $15 billion there. So he
has says that his investments tied to
Elon have already made about 20 billion
in profits for clients. He has 15
billion in SpaceX, 5 billion in Tesla.
He thinks SpaceX could be the biggest
company in the world. Let's listen to
what he said about his uh betting on
Elon Musk.
&gt;&gt; Met him in 2010 in an IPO. Uh took me
four years uh to be con be come
convinced that he was going to be
successful. I thought it was brilliant.
Kept talking to him, kept visiting him.
2014 go to visit him again and said man
I have to invest in this now is the time
stock triples from 25 to 75 I don't own
a share it doubles again the pain is too
great and then and then we invest $400
million between 2014 and 16 and make
about $8 billion so far in profit and I
think we can make five times that amount
in 10 years and then SpaceX starting in
2017 because I have this relationship
with them. Um, it's very good. Uh, and I
learn about SpaceX and I'm interested in
it. I say, "I'd like to invest in that."
And they do these tenders twice a year
in SpaceX because every single employee
is a shareholder in SpaceX. I say,
"Becky, you are this fantastic engineer.
You're making $250,000 a year, but what
uh you're now worth $5 million. Don't
you think it'd be a smart thing to sell
some of that stock a little bit to put
the money in the bank and protect your
family? So, they have these tenders
twice a year for a billion dollars a
piece and we've been one of the largest,
if not the largest purchaser in each of
these deals. And recently, and they get
oversubscribed without any announcements
and no bankers been oversubscribed in
one afternoon and so we're treated just
like one of the largest institutions in
each one of these offerings. Basically,
you are paying the employees so that
they can become more liquid and hold on
to those things and that's how you've
gotten your ownership state and it's
private company which by the way that's
part of the reason that this company has
been able to remain private for so long.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. And uh and and so we've
invested about a billion7 since 2017
and that's now worth about 15 billion at
current market prices. So of the 61
billion profits, 20 billion has come
from him.
&gt;&gt; Wow. He's made $20 billion
&gt;&gt; and he made 15 billion at current
prices, not at two trillion
trillion
&gt;&gt; because what is current? I don't know
what current is it 800 million. It's so
he's going to double that again. He's
going to make a 30x on a million.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
But he's I mean he deserves it if
there's he does his job better than
nearly everyone. Ron Baron is a little
genius. He is visionary. He absolutely
deserves every single scent.
&gt;&gt; Well, right. He does his job better than
everyone because he's very different
than everyone else. He is a long-term
investor. He finds a company first of
all a uh you know he spent four years
following Tesla. Elon starts betting on
Elon continues to bet on Elon. Doubles
doubles doubles down. takes years, then
he pops, then it pops. SpaceX wasn't a
huge win until just this last year.
&gt;&gt; And the reason Yeah. And the reason why
I'm absolutely for paying these guys and
letting them, you know, make 30 billion
is
&gt;&gt; we have to understand how important
their job is. Like they have the second
most important, if not the most
important job, the capital allocators.
And if they would do their job and would
be as smart as Ron Baron, the world
would be a much better place, right? The
ability to see Elon, to see Starship, to
see Model S, whatever, and make these
calls and decisions when everyone else
says it's stupid is ingenious. It's not
just about being smarter and making more
money. It's also, you know, serving
civilization. He allocates capital into
what matters most.
&gt;&gt; That's a very important ski that's the
most important skill in the world in my
opinion. So he deserves it. That's what
I'm saying.
&gt;&gt; He deserves it. And I mean, he waited,
right? His patient capital just sitting
there waiting. And for years, every, you
know, he went through the $100 downturn.
He went through the Elon is nobody wants
to buy Teslas anymore. He went through
all that. And he is the face. He would
go on these shows and he would stick his
gun out and say, "No,
&gt;&gt; by the way, SpaceX in 2017, I was always
a fan of SpaceX for obvious reason, but
more than because I'm a little boy. I
like this rocket stuff, but that's it. I
never saw SpaceX as like an amazing
&gt;&gt; I know it was always
&gt;&gt; leap of faith,
&gt;&gt; right? I was always saying like I love
this stuff, but would I invest? Like I
don't see where the money is because
there
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh but on a meta level, Elon maybe
always knew at some point someone is
going to invent something. Of course, AI
is such an ridiculous level of
goldilocks. Like I could not have even
imagined that. I thought it would be
nuclear. Perfect for if AI didn't come
in time, he wouldn't have this. The only
one I could think of was uh asteroid
mining. That would have been like, oh
wow, okay, they found an asteroid, they
can land on it, they can mine it. That
is unbelievable.
&gt;&gt; My my core fantasy was always like
treats, what is it like the the infusion
fuel on the moon? Uh helium 3.
&gt;&gt; Helium 3. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's like because it's so valuable and
everything, but it's so clunky the whole
business model. These AI satellites, I
can't even fathom it. You can just like
&gt;&gt; And it turns out that he was already
sending us
&gt;&gt; he was already done. You need solar. You
shoot them up. The entire world wants to
spend tens of trillions desperately on
this stuff. No one can make it happen.
Now suddenly you can make it happen. I
can't even believe it. That's all like
without AI, SpaceX would be 500 billion.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; it's two trillion only because of AI
because now everyone's like wait I
discussed it with everyone. I had all
the critics in the room. There is no
critics. Everyone's like yeah we don't
know what to say. You can have 10
million starships at this point and you
would make just infinity money because
yes there is no flaw in the in the
reasoning. It's just endless money.
&gt;&gt; It's limitless. It's quadrillions
of dollars and everyone that's so
fascinating. Normally I'm sitting here
and you're sitting here like we and we
preach to the not to the Yeah. to the
choir. The rest doesn't get it. Here
everyone's like wait a moment this is
nuts. Okay. Allocate all human resources
all resources of earth to Elon. This is
like the consensus now. Let's uh let's
debate and talk about the the big debate
that's happening in the Tesla community
about Tesla investors who many of them
don't think that we should merge with
SpaceX because Tesla is going to be
valued more and it's got a bigger market
with robo taxi coming. Let's do that.
Let's watch another video of Ron Baron
here. He says that he thinks SpaceX IPO
he thinks that company is going to be
worth 10 in 10 or 15 years will be worth
10 to30 trillion dollars. Let's listen
to what he says here.
&gt;&gt; Uh the largest company on the planet.
This is this is so when you go public, I
don't know if it's going public at one
and a half trillion or one and three/4
trillion or maybe a little bit more. Uh
but where it goes public, I think that
the company over the next 10 or 15 years
is going to be worth 10 trillion, 20
trillion, 30 trillion. And I could be
very low could be very low on where it's
going to be. So uh what so today we can
talk a little bit about infrastructure
&gt;&gt; why yeah let's let's talk about why
because like 70 billion of that would be
what what the public can actually buy
into I think
&gt;&gt; 70 billion exactly right in fact right
after the offering uh then they've
changed the rules so that five days
after the IPO is completed there will be
uh one index in which it will be
included 10 days there will be another
index in which it's included 15 days
there will be another index in which
it's included.
&gt;&gt; You're talking about the NASDAQ index.
&gt;&gt; The uh the president New York Stock
Exchange came, you know, when when I was
young, I drove an ice cream truck uh one
summer and maybe a summer and a half.
And one of the things that was important
to me was I had to get my carnival bar
ice cream truck to the beach route
before Mr. Softy got there. And so you
have so so one of the guys in my office
said and the New York Stock Exchange
president wanted to come over and talk
to me for some advice and my friend says
Pat Palino is our chief operating
officer said do you ever think when
you're driving that ice cream truck that
the president New York Stock Exchange is
going to come talk to you for advice?
Are you serious? And and I said well I
was able to meet Mr. Softy to where he
was going and and and so so
&gt;&gt; he came to ask you for advice about
whether they should put that into the
index early. Well, she was telling me
about the different indexes, but she was
also uh hoping that they would list on
the New York Stock Exchange, and they
chose uh
&gt;&gt; they chose the
&gt;&gt; NASDAQ.
&gt;&gt; I think they've chosen NASDAQ, which is
where all the uh technology companies
are, and she was saying that, you know,
there are all these other things that
she could offer,
&gt;&gt; but that was part of the auction process
where the two exchanges were bidding it
up, saying, "Hey, we can offer to get
you into the index sooner."
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I I think they've pretty
much decided that as a leading
technology company, they should be
listed on NASDAQ where all the other
large technology companies have been
listed. But
&gt;&gt; wow. Okay. So that's huge news, right? 5
days, 15 days, um three indexes will be
adopted. This stock is not going to fall
on that first day. And uh the betting
markets by the way are saying this um
they're saying that the betting markets
are now projecting to close above 2.2
trillion. So let's say that it goes
public at 1.7 by the end of the day this
is this just betting markets 2.2 but if
if in 5 days in 10 days in 15 days you
keep getting added to these indexes if
they're true indexes then they are
forced these large whales pension funds
and others are forced to buy the stock
it goes up. So it's kind of like
&gt;&gt; I'm skeptical on the as a trader. So I
always have my double hat on as pioneer
alpha, right? I need to make alpha. And
so I always am a long-term investor, a
midterm investor, and a short-term
trader allinone, right? And when I look
at SpaceX, I'm infinitely bullish on
this. I think it's easily 30 trillion
sooner than later. But I will not buy
the IPO. I think the the odds that this
it's so much forward pull into the IPO
price. Then you look at the market, it
has run up like crazy. Of course, there
will be some crisis at some point in the
next 12 months or 24 months. There will
be many crashes and all kinds of stuff.
And then something like SpaceX just gets
completely creamed and while at the same
time the cash flows are delayed to two
trillion. I mean are you kidding me? So
that's a lot of money. So the whole
shebang of real super scale. So talking
about forcing functions, right? My
favorite the hard forcing function for
SpaceX, we are still modeling this out,
but I think it's going to be 2028 or 29
when this infinity trajectory starts.
Then there's no hold back. But but the
odds that you have 2.2 trillion IPO and
you keep that talking about air pockets,
you have basically three years of air
pockets. So the odds that you get that
at a trillion or something are extremely
high. So I'm definitely waiting.
Not because I think two trillion is too
much. I mean from a fair future value,
this is probably totally justified or
cheap. But from a tactics point of view,
the odds that you get this cheaper are
just insanely high.
&gt;&gt; Good, good points. I'm glad that you are
one of those people that are saying that
not going to jump right onto a SpaceX uh
IPO. The other thing is if you are a
Tesla investor, you may not need to jump
on the SpaceX IPO. No, the SpaceX has
already jumped significantly. It's going
to go to market at 1.7 trillion. Now,
the concern by Tesla shareholders is
that there's a whole group of people who
think that well, you know, if they do
announce a merger that what is the
ratio? What how much does Tesla get
valued? And people are like, first of
all, we don't know what it is. We
haven't been offered it. And if you're
offered it, you get to vote if you agree
or don't agree with it. That's your go.
That's your right as a shareholder. We
have to wait until we know what the deal
is. But there are many who who does not
want who are saying, "Hey, wrong timing.
Tesla's about to really rake it in on
robo taxi and others who say SpaceX is
is a perfect partnership. They're equals
merger emerges of equals." You can see
here that they're going to sign
contracts left, right, and center. So,
even before the AI
uh space data centers are alive and
well, they're already signing contracts.
And then,
&gt;&gt; including Colossus, by the way, I mean,
they even signed terrestrial uh
contracts. That's what we shouldn't
forget. Like Elon does has an amazing
advantage even on terrestrial buildout.
He's the best hypers scaler. he will
just keep building and then he'll rent
out the things he doesn't need or the
old ones that he doesn't need and keep
building building both on Earth and on
space.
&gt;&gt; Uh right now the Koshi the the betting
markets say 50% chance Tesla and SpaceX
merge within the next year. That's when
they actually merge but there will be an
announcement ahead of time. So what's
your position on this? Um you know I
will be setting up a some sort of a
debate amongst the community uh the
people who have everybody has really
good points by the way and it's just
worthwhile to really break it down to to
fully understand
yeah I published a video on it where I
commented on rebellionire's criticism
and basically this whole argument that
it's unfair to Tesla shareholders
because we have waited now for five
years sideways for the robo taxi event.
uh now it's coming and now we emerging
and now we have to wait another three
years before that then scales.
I have a different perspective on that.
I think now with us you know you and me
and other Tesla tubers I think the whole
investment community is very well
informed about this in including
institutions that are watching us.
Everyone gets the message, everyone
understands it. And that means Tesla is
not so unfairly priced as it would need
to be unfairly priced in order to make
that argument work. Right? So I mean
there is there's risk. We don't know if
robo taxi gets delayed. There is a tail
risk of 10% that we are not scaling this
year, right? Then it scales next year.
There's a certain tail risk on the other
side that SpaceX might scale sooner. So
who tells you that Tesla is actually
scaling faster than SpaceX? It could
happen either way. That's why you have,
you know, market prices and market price
discovery. So, I don't mind too much.
I'm going to write this out. I have a
system in place where I make constantly
alpha and money. And the question, so
I'm not too much obsessed with this
because I think SpaceX brings tremendous
value to the table. Number one, I think
the whole idea, the idea that Tesla is
imminently scaling to a $1,000 share
price because of robo taxi, that the
market is completely stupid and doesn't
see that. And so we are the smart ones.
We know in July it's going to be at a
thousand. It's not that simple, right?
This is all connected. It's a it's a
it's a liquid, hugely informed market at
this point. We see the price. I think
it's cheap, but if it goes to 550 now,
for example, I would say it's not that
cheap as long as I don't see robo taxi
scaling. So, there are lots of ifs and
thens.
Long story short, I think the market has
become more efficient. The market prices
this more or less fairly, especially
compared to SpaceX. And so, can there be
a little gamesmanship if SpaceX gets
hyped at IPO somehow? Tesla is still at
450 or whatever and then somehow they
lock in the merger. That would be maybe
the most unfair situation. That's not
even likely. If they lock it in, it will
be more end of the year. By then we know
much more.
So I am pretty relaxed on this whole
thing. That's that's the bottom line. I
think let the market do its thing. This
is extremely this is the most oversight
uh burdened merger in history. So it's
not that anyone can make any tricks
here. Right. So, it's it's going to be
fine. I'm bullish on it. You should
never be in a situation where you are
like annoyed with a stock and and are on
a time like ticking time clock, right?
And say, "Oh, I need I need to cash in
now. That's so unfair if I have to wait
another six months or 12." You shouldn't
be in that situation in the first place.
You should be always long-term.
You should invest in things that have
long-term huge potential. That's true
for SpaceX and for Tesla. So I'm not
concerned about this whole debate
because at the the fundamental the
fundamental
assumption of this debate is that the
market massively misprices public stock.
That's the assumption. You're saying
it's so unfair because Tesla is
completely underpriced right now and in
three months it's going to be amazing.
You can't think like that. That's not
true. I think that assumption is just
not true.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um what
&gt;&gt; you know what I mean? like it's it's
basically the assumption that
&gt;&gt; it's a debatable about about if the
market price it because obviously I I I
also see the other side which is the
market is never pricing and never prices
any right
&gt;&gt; yeah but the assumption is not just that
the market mispric it the assumption is
if he merged now as opposed to in a year
or two that it will be fairly priced in
a year but not now and I'm not buying
that but if you basically say merger is
fine but not now so unfair.
That's the logic, right? That is
basically the argument. And that
argument makes no sense because that
assumes, well, at some point it's going
to be fairly priced, but not now. Either
the way it that that could work is this.
Okay? So, they announce that they're
going to have a merger. just announce
then when they make that announcement
the stock price of both companies will
be connected together lock step because
everybody kind of like weighs what's the
likelihood this merger is going to still
happen or not but if it's really high as
if Tesla SpaceX goes up Tesla goes up if
Tesla goes up SpaceX goes up and vice
versa if one falls then the other would
fall okay they're now locked step
connected until the day of merger could
which take a whole year and then there
would be U some sort of maybe November
if they really want to push everything
there's a shareholder vote then that's
what shareholders decide and that's when
you will find out what is the actual
deal is there a premium being paid to
bring the stock up or if Elon keeps you
know is able to keep going and you know
pushing everything. Yeah. Uh, I wanted
to ask you, Larry said to me this.
Regardless if they make an announcement
of a merger or not, just the SpaceX IPO
alone in June, which is next month, just
that alone, he sees Tesla stock going up
10 15%. Regardless, no announcement,
nothing
&gt;&gt; on the on the merger announcement.
&gt;&gt; No, no.
&gt;&gt; On the IPO,
&gt;&gt; ASX SpaceX IPO goes uh they he they go
IPO next month. It's in mid, let's say,
late June. As soon as it goes IPO,
Tesla's stock goes up.
&gt;&gt; Again, that would assume I mean, I think
markets are I'm not saying they're right
all the time, but markets react on new
information. The IPO is extremely not
new information.
&gt;&gt; Part of the runup might be the IPO. I
don't know. like aggressive effect
&gt;&gt; because people I'm thinking about a
thesis that I didn't complete yet but
the rough outline of the thesis is is
there some magnet effect that you
basically assume the merger has to
effectively be one to one could be a
thesis right so whatever the
differential between SpaceX and Tesla is
they need to fill it up as an incentive
&gt;&gt; that's called a premium paid to Tesla
shareholders if their serves are too low
&gt;&gt; yeah exactly but it's a it's more it's
more specific what I'm saying that the
assumption is there is a magnetic effect
to make a onetoone merger and if that's
the case whatever the sh whatever the
market cap of SpaceX is is where Tesla
gets magnaded like whatever pushed to
right
&gt;&gt; that's what I'm saying yeah
&gt;&gt; unlockive
yeah that would give us some
quantitative things it's 1.33 trillion
now so 2.2 2 trillion SpaceX and then
you can do the math and you say there is
maybe some it's not hard like a hard
logic but it's a soft logic that makes a
lot of sense because it's very hard to
merge Tesla into SpaceX with Tesla being
more than SpaceX that would be weird
right so you know it's it's also hard to
merge it in for less than one to one
because then everyone gets mad and if
you say well you get 40% of space or
something that's a little weird so
one-on-one is like what everyone
defaults to and that would interesting
because then you have a magnet effect
then you say well then we know where
Tesla very likely goes to like for from
a SpaceX perspective
it's like a soft thesis because it's
hard to prove and it's like who knows
but it's I think it's logical if you
think about it it's very unlikely
that the merger happens in a way where
Tesla is more than SpaceX so that
possibility is I think unlikely um but
it's also very unlikely that it's less
Yes. Because then Tesla shareholders
might say no. And so
&gt;&gt; is what Larry's been talking about.
Yeah. That and then if it isn't too low
then Tesla Elon will propose that
there's a premium. You would pay 30%
more for Tesla stock to bring them up so
that
&gt;&gt; Tesla shareholders will be willing to do
it but also get your robo taxi revenue
&gt;&gt; ahead of time. We don't know what the
deal is. So we can't really all the
people are saying we don't know want to
do it. We don't this
&gt;&gt; but it's a you know what I mean? It's
I'm constructing a like a good
quantitative thesis where you say as
long as this merger talk is around which
it will be and everyone assumes there
will be a merger I think they converge
in market cap
&gt;&gt; that's what's happening I agree with
that perfect because that would be a
long-term thesis right that for a trader
that's gold you know like well it can't
deviate too much it will continuously
try to converge to that that would be a
huge thing like if that is true so we
can observe that.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Thank you so much, Joe. Follow him
on his website, pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.