Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Had a Massive Weekend
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMFfOFM7VMg
Published:   2026-04-27 18:53 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several important news for Tesla dropped
this weekend. [music] First, Elon Musk
and Tesla AI executive Yan Tessai made a
point to highlight that Tesla AI has to
be perfect and make no mistakes. Elon
said Tesla AI saves lives every day at
scale and no other AI team can yet make
that claim. [music]
Second, several signs point to continued
rollout of robo taxi. Tesla has now
officially launched the Android app for
its robo taxi service. More hiring for
robo taxi field response specialists
around the clock for Dallas and Houston
clearly show they're not just going to
have a handful of unsupervised cars for
long. And new job openings for robo taxi
operations managers show Florida is next
in line. Third, we'll take a closer look
at the very first production cyber cab
Vin Zero. The exterior shiny, not dull
like the prototypes, and Tesla showed
off a bunch of them driving in
information around Austin. Fourth, it
seems that Tesla Semi has started
production. Initial units have been
spotted exiting the factory. Finally,
Tesla announced it's creating 1,000 new
jobs at Giga Berlin by June to increase
weekly production by 20%. But Jeff Watts
here with us today. He's a multi-deade
supply chain executive. He was chief
quality officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Yeah, I think you know
last week was earnings and I think there
was some uncertainty presented during
the call. We've had a chance to talk
about it on a couple of occasions, but
throughout this discussion, I think we
can hit on it again because I've had a
chance to to think about it more and you
have as well. And it' be interesting to
just touch upon what we think happened
and where we where we see it going.
&gt;&gt; Yep. I appreciate that very much. I've
been wanting to hear your thoughts after
several days of, you know, rereading,
rehearing what actually was said. I did
a show myself on Sunday on this and I'm
very curious what your you know what is
scale and where are things going. Uh I
want to start off with this one because
this is something that you have been
saying quite often for months now and
both Yasai who's the Tesla AI executive
and Elon weighed in and basically said
what you've been saying for a while
which is Yasai said a lot of AI
engineers have spent their most
productive years chasing benchmarks
instead of solving useful cases that
they can relate to. If the car fails to
take me home then I simply fail at my
job and can't go home. That's it. Okay.
So his point is simply that AI engineers
are building AI without, you know, it
being something that they actually have
to use. In this case, this car has to
take me home. If it doesn't work, it
won't take me home. Elon then said this,
Tesla AI is where the rubber hits the
road. Make no mistakes. It's not just a
meme joke for self-driving AI. You know,
when you're using LLM and you sell, you
tell the LLM, you know, build this app
for me, but make no mistakes. Okay? And
of course it makes bugs, bugs, bugs,
bugs. Uh but Elon is saying you can't
just say make no mistakes when you're
building Tesla AI because Tesla AI saves
lives every day at scale at large scale.
No other AI team can yet make that
claim. And you've been saying that the
difference between Tesla AI is that this
FS full self-driving cannot make a
mistake. It simply cannot make any
mistakes versus LLMs. They make mistakes
every day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think there's two distinctions.
You know, one is the Yeah, there's when
you're in your your Tesla and it's
driving you on self-driving, there's
literally millions of instructions
where you have input into the cameras
into the computer and then the computer
controlling the control modules in the
vehicle and just millions of
instructions in very short periods of
time are being executed. And they all
have to be perfect or your car could do
something strange. And the the the bar
that Tesla AI is held to, this is what
I've brought up before. You know, it's
this 99.999%
bar in terms of this is real AI and it's
got to function. It's got to be
accurate. But if you pull up these chat
bots, you pull up these chat windows and
you say, "Hey, you know, I I have this
situation with my taxes and here's all
the inputs. How do you see this playing
out?" Or give me a give me a
recommendation.
you'll I mean on on those kind of
requests where the information is
knowable, it's out there,
you will get either in many cases math
errors or errors in research. And I
mean, I'd have to estimate that maybe 85
90 maybe more than 90%
of my chatbot queries return accurate
information. But that that's a big
number if it's 10 or 15% that are not.
and and depending on the situation, it
could even be higher. So, I just think
these chatbot AIs and what Tesla has
built are two different things.
And and what Tesla's built is very
rugged, sturdy,
robust. It has to work and it's got to
work at a very high it's a safety
critical
product. And so anyway, I think that
places tremendous value on what Tesla AI
has built for Tesla and and Tesla FSD
and Tesla robo taxi. That's point one.
Point two is I think this is going to be
very difficult to replicate at other
OEMs.
I don't think these other OEMs, not only
have they not had their eye on the ball
and inquiring the compute and building
up the infrastructure for training and
then thinking they're just going to have
a partnership with Nvidia and Nvidia is
going to give them everything. I I we've
talked about this before, but it's
becoming more and more real. the Tesla
AI engineering team I I I believe is the
moat and I don't think these other
companies have been acquiring these
assets. Sure, they may have somebody
that's got AI in their background. They
may have one or two people here or
there. They may have dozens of people.
They don't have what Elon has built at
Tesla and Ashoke and that team over a
period of time. and that mo I don't
think that that's getting cracked. I
think there's been a tremendous
misunderstanding
of Nvidia Alpameo
and what these systems are actually
capable of doing, what they deliver to
the OEM and what the OEM has to do to
complete the project and deliver the
solution to the consumer. Tesla does it
has that whole loop. They take care of
the training. They do the engineering
work. They do the work in the on the
back end the infrastructure. They do the
work uh at at the inference side in the
vehicle. They do all the engineering
work around the vehicle and they deliver
the end product of the consumer. And I
think that that stage is really
misunderstood. And I think people
believe that Nvidia is providing BYD a
solution for the BYD song or
insert other name of BYD vehicle or
insert other name of Mercedes vehicle
and the answer is is they're providing a
platform for which these automakers have
to have their own set of Tesla AI like
engineers to complete building the
system testing getting local like Nvidia
is not going to go and get
certifications in all these geographies.
They may participate. They may be there
in the background, but it's going to
have to be these OEMs doing the work.
And I think that chasm and that
difference between Tesla AI and these
other OEMs is is misunderstood.
&gt;&gt; Okay. [clears throat] Very well said.
Yeah. So, not only does uh AI have to
work and not make any mistakes, it has
to do it in seconds sometimes and micros
secondsonds sometimes. And then what
we've seen now is that if if it takes
Tesla's team this long to solve all the
edge cases, which we'll talk about,
yeah, they'll have to do the same thing.
It's not like they're they've got
something magical. Uh let's move on to
the next segment here, which is a lot of
uh things have happened here just this
weekend to show that Tesla truly is
moving forward. They launched the robo
taxi app for the Android app finally.
Everybody's waiting for this. just a
signal that when now they're offering it
as Android that tr it is truly is ready
to go I guess wider than just a pilot
project. They're also hiring these uh
positions in Dallas and Houston, robo
taxi field response specialist day,
afternoon, night shifts. And what Yoda
is trying to say here is that do you
think that they're hiring all these
people because they're just going to
keep it to two robo taxis in each or do
you think that they will grow that a lot
more than just handfuls? Uh then also
the next thing is uh operations managers
are being hired in Florida. So that's
another signal that they're probably
hiring in Florida at this point.
Thoughts on these?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So opening up the Android app that
there isn't an issue inside a Tesla
making an Android app. Your your Tesla
app works on Android. Your X app works
on Android. It there many apps that work
on Android. You have to do the work. But
to me, this is another signal that they
want more users on the system because I
think in the US it's somewhere between
30 and 40% of smartphone sales are
Android. Now, in the in the rest of the
world, it's actually flipped, by the
way, where it's predominant Android, but
in the US, it's somewhere between 30 and
40%. So, you're opening up another big
chunk of users to to be on the system.
And in some of these areas, the wait
times are already long. So, I'm assuming
Tesla sees this, they understand this,
and they would not be opening up the app
if they're not going to be adding
actually a lot more cars into the
network. And I think this is one of the
fundamental misunderstandings from the
earnings call. And I want to be very
clear, it is incumbent upon Tesla to be
incredibly clear on earning in any
company that has an earnings call. it's
up to them to have absolute clarity and
minimal ambiguity for their investors.
So, not blaming people that were
listening to the call and may have
everybody may have taken away something
different, but I think after after
thinking through this a little bit more,
I think what's happening is
Tesla's going to add a lot of cars to
the network. In my this is my opinion
Elon's understanding and Elon's desire
based on what he's built he's with his
team they have built a robo taxi this
whole system the when the automated
cleaning comes up when the super when
the wireless charging comes up when you
know and they of course they have their
own supercharging network they've built
something for massive scale they've
built something for you know for this
year hundreds of thousands if not
getting to a million. You know, that's
the kind of scale that they've set out
and built. These other companies that
have built these really expensive cars
that have done a lot of rule-based local
HD mapping,
they're bringing up other cities.
There's no question about it. But you're
seeing just hundreds of vehicles that
are being added and you know there's
still around a couple of thousand no
matter what
uh country or local you look at between
these robo taxi operators whereas Elon
has built something completely this red
ocean blue ocean thing in the red ocean
where all these fish are swimming and
attacking each other all these robo taxi
services have a couple of hundred or a
couple of thousand robo taxis in various
cities and what and you name the
country. What Elon is building is
something that can just come in, have
pricing that's significantly lower
because the the the the
cost and the cogs that that whole system
was built at is at a much smaller and
lower rate. It's something that's built
for scale that's many orders of
magnitude above the existing
competition. And I think when Elon talks
about volume scale, he's talking about
releasing that service. Whereas in the
US, it would be hundreds of thousands of
vehicles, it would be a much much larger
service. Obviously, first you have to
get the thousands and tens of thousands
and hundreds of thousands. But that's
where I think he starts drawing the line
where the line starts for him in terms
of volume scale. and we're on this call
thinking like, well, the next the number
one competitor right now is like 3,000
cars, maybe three, maybe just more than
3,000 cars. So, I think where this all
ends up is
we don't know exactly because Tesla did
not outline. They just said that, hey,
there's issues we want to work through.
We want to make it safer and so forth,
but we're still going to be growing the
system and network. I think what what
one of the outcomes could be is Tesla's
robo taxis deployed both in will be in
numbers of cities and it could be
vehicle totals in many thousands which
could be many multiple times what the
next Tesla will be the number one in
terms of deployments
and we'll have to see how it plays out
but I think the the the key takeaway is
Elon's thinking about something that's
built for massive scale that literally
changes the course of transportation.
And when he's talking about delaying
getting to he's talking about delaying
getting to that, this is my
interpretation versus along the way
there's going to be many thousands of
these released because as they are today
and we're seeing it in the Nitsa data,
it's it's a it's a very safe solution as
it is today. But as they scale,
you know, Whimo launched with and others
launch with these issues where you see
them getting stuck, you see them doing
weird things in certain situations and
they only have a couple hundred cars per
local and or and then not very large
across the entire nation. If if Tesla
does many many many times that, they
can't have those same kind of issues.
They have to solve those issues. So I
think that's what he's talking about. He
he wants to get those issues solved, but
the end state of this even this year
still could be many times what the
number one player is today.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Okay.
Lots of confusion of what the everybody
said in earnings. Um we don't know cuz
he did not define what he meant by
depends on what you mean by scale. Uh he
did not define you know not super uh
material this year. What does that mean
being material?
But in my kind of like guesses, total
guess, typically in accounting terms, a
material is 5% of revenue. Super
material. Then you can go, you know, is
it a billion? Is it 500 million? It's
not likely going to happen this year.
And so, but then if you calculate what
it could be, I'm still at the, you know,
10,000 to 15,000 unsupervised robo taxis
by this year. And if it's, again, we're
all guessing. I don't know. But if we're
guessing that that that's the number,
it's a disappointment for some people
because they were thinking 100,000 or
whatever number. But uh but 10,000 as
you were saying 15,000 10,000 still
three times bigger than Whimo. It still
is the largest company. And if you're
building anything more than 3,000, you
have to be worried about you know what
your Whimo is allowed to just go ahead
and have cars stop in the middle of an
intersection. They're doing this almost
every single day. They're doing all
sorts of events like that, but Tesla
doesn't want to have that because
they're not just doing 3,000. They're
going to do 10,000, 15,000, and
eventually 100,000.
So, is 10 or 15,000 still a big issue?
This is what Jax, Dr. Jack said. What is
your definition robo taxi scale? Um,
he's his definition. 10,000 with
thousands of the 10,000 rides in 12
cities by the end of 12 to 1,000. Let's
say he goes a,000 per city by 2026.
That's still a lot with no injuries.
That's the goal. And then uh you replied
said 10,000 Tesla robo taxis would be
two to three times bigger than the
current market leader which is in this
case Whimo depending where they are at
the end of the year. But one to two
orders of magnitude below what Elon may
believe at volume scale which I agree
with you. His his number is you know
it's not super large scale which would
be 100,000 or more. It's 10,000. Yeah.
Is that your numbers?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that that's that's the key
and and obviously still we want to
impact we want to see earnings move and
that's the ultimate and it's not just a
headline of Tesla's bigger than the
current number one or Tesla becomes
number one. I think that will be a big
headline maybe. I mean, right now the
the media ignores Tesla passing BYD in
EVI in EV sales again. Um, but so we'll
see. But yeah, there's this like what's
material for earnings? What is
significant volume scale in Elon's mind?
To me, I think that's hundreds of
thousands. Uh, I don't want to put words
in his mouth. We'll see what he says,
but it it that's what he he means. So
that you have between where we are
today, which is 19 unsupervised robo
taxis and about, you know, more than 600
total on the road. And so we'll have to
see how the ramp goes throughout the
year. I think he may be just sliding
that out of it, but that slide may it
could be 10,000. It could it could be
some number like that. We'll have to
see. The other thing is thinking about
it from a reliability and probability of
occurrence thing which in in my
background one of the things you'd want
to do is you'd want to distribute
product and you'd want to not have it
all like for example you would not want
if Tesla had if Tesla has 600 cars now
it would not be good for them to all be
in one city with the current failure
rate because the probability that that
city sees that occurrence or that
failure rate is very high. So what Tesla
really needs is they need these multiple
cities approved. Not saying that they
want to lay a bunch of failures in
multiple cities, but the what the actual
each city will experience will be a much
lower failure rate versus the combined
fleet in total uh in terms of what they
see and experience. So
anyway, it'll I shouldn't say that the
the total the total number versus the
install base will will be perceived to
be of a of a smaller issue rate, but the
the actual rate is the rate, but when
you have a a smaller population, it's
more controlled. So I think that's what
I think that's what they're looking for.
So big casmmer difference between
hundreds of thousands which would be
material for earnings which would be
volume scale in Elon's mind versus being
two or three times the current market
leader which would also be I think a
very big win for the company and real
progress. That's I think that's what
we're in between now. And I think
there's so many unknowns
uh of of solving these architectural
issues, testing them out, make sure they
work, and getting them rolled out. And
and that's why they didn't provide more
specifics. But I I think that's one of
the most biggest misunderstood items
from the call.
&gt;&gt; That was one uh 10,000. What number?
They didn't give us a number, so we
don't know. And what is not super
material. The second one is the
discrepancy between okay if it's not
super material how many cyber cabs are
you expecting to produce especially if
the assumption is that these cyber cabs
are all going to be used as robo taxis
which they kind of hinted at because
they said we're going to replace all the
Model Y's and uh so here we've got thank
you to tech operator he was physically
there he took the first shots of Vin
Zero for the cyber cab um take a look at
these photos you can is gorgeous that
it's uh glossy. They they've been
reserving that, not the matte color that
we had before. Some people were saying,
"Take a look at that sho the roof." Uh
what do you call that? The
&gt;&gt; frunk. Yeah, frankly.
&gt;&gt; The front trunk the front and uh and
then it's a it's it's a jar or whatever.
And it's they No, it's actually wasn't
closed. [laughter] So, it's not uh panel
gaps or anything like that. So, it's
gorgeous car. That's the very first
photo. Thank you for that. There you can
see it clearly here, the panel gap, but
it was not a panel gap. You just have to
close it properly is what they said.
They confirmed later. And um this is the
actual photos of the car. It's out
there. And then there was all these uh
cyber cabs being driven in formation
like uh throughout Austin all weekend.
Cyber Al Reema saw a bunch of them.
They're everywhere. Uh and then Joe
Techbar took shots of these. These are
the start of production. You can see the
glossy gold and they're noticeably
different from the wrapped engineering
versions, the the the matte ones and he
had um shared several video clips. While
you're talking, I'll I'll go ahead and
play these video clips, but these cars
are being produced, Jeff. Um yes, it's
small numbers and we should expect tiny
numbers for the next months and on
onward, but at the end of the day, the
question is how many of these will be
created by the end of the year? Will
they all be stored because uh the
software is not ready for mass scale or
would we see 10? That's where I come up
with my 15,000 number. It's it's if you
count like this, it's got to be higher
than it's got to be somewhere around
that number, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So the the question to ask
Tesla would would be interesting is do
you intend to get the what what is the
peak
monthly run rate for CyberCap and do you
intend to hit it this year? That would
be an interesting question and answer
because if they do intend to hit it that
would tell you that they do intend to to
to
attempt mass deployment with with
software and hardware you know coming
together. If they're not and they're
saying, "Hey, look, this is a year where
we just wanna we want to understand the
process. We're probably going to take it
to half speed or quarter speed or a
third speed and we're not going to bring
the line up." See, one of the things you
want to do in manufacturing
is it's a race. As soon as you start
production, you want to utilize all of
your capacity, all your tool sets, all
your cavities as quickly as possible
because the faster you discover an
issue, the the faster you can fix it.
And and you want to expose all of those
warts going at full rated speed. Now,
you could still use all of those
cavities, all that capacity at a much
lower rate, but there is something to
running the line at full rate to really
expose issues and things that you want
to resolve. So
if I'm in the engineering or
manufacturing effort or cyber cab, I am
lobbying Elon and the management team to
let me get the line to full rate so I
can expose all the issues. But if if
there's not a plan to move these cars
and actually get them into the fleet
making money, then I can understand why
they wouldn't do it. So then maybe the
there's a plan to get the line to half
speed or this is this this would have
been a great question now that we know
what we know in the earnings call. This
would have been a great question. But
for now what Tesla can do is assess
where they're at and still get these
cars out to all the various locations
around the country. But I I go back to
like tying this whole conversation
together.
I think we're were I think the
management team and the investors talked
spoke past each other on the earnings
call because the management team said
one thing, but you also it made it it
made some investors feel like there's a
pause happening with robo taxi
deployment. But when you actually look
at the money flowing out of the company,
&gt;&gt; the money says we're hiring these
people, we're setting up these
operations and we're deploying these
Model Y and now we're going to deploy
cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; So the money says something different
and the money is the more important. If
you have a tie in words where you're
getting, you're having a conversation
with an OEM, you're having a
conversation with a supplier,
&gt;&gt; and all of a sudden you see the check
stop, you see the money stop, or you see
the money flowing, the orders are there,
that supersedes words. The money
actually supersedes words. Just remember
that this is my this is my experience
talking. Uh, so that tells me that
if there were, it's a multiple choice
question. A, is Tesla slowing this down
immensely, or B, uh, are they really
ramping this thing up and they're going
to go full speed? Or C, it's going to be
something in the middle, but probably
bigger than anything else out there. I
would say this is C. And I think that's
what they're probably doing. And the the
fact that the hiring's happening, the
cars are being stationed in all these
locations tells me that this is not a
perfect union, meaning they don't know
exactly how they're going to time these
software releases, but they're confident
enough to move the hardware to all these
different cities and locations. It tells
me that we're going to continue to scale
and grow the number of robo taxis out
there. It's just not the hundreds of
thousands of things maybe um that but
but they didn't really give a time for
when that would happen.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's I I want to have
discussion a little bit further because
if you do make I don't know what the
number is. Let's say 40,000 cyber caps
by the end of this year, 50,000 cyber
caps by end of this year, right?
Well, that's not material to this year's
number because let's say they're all
produced in the last 3 months.
It's just not enough time for it to
impact the earnings yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, most
of them would be what?
&gt;&gt; In in a ramp in a n [clears throat]
sorry, in an eight-month ramp, most of
them would be produced in the last three
months.
&gt;&gt; Right? And so I'm just saying that,
okay, right now I'm throwing out the
number 10, 15, 20,000 cars in robo taxi
service by the end of this year, but it
could very well be that I don't know 40
or 50,000 because they were cybercast
produced, but they were just being
introduced the last month or something
like that. I mean, who knows, right? But
it's just it's just that d that
discrepancy between cyberc production
versus robo taxis on the road,
you know?
Um,
okay. One, one of the things that came
out was this uh Phil Graham. Yeah. Phil
Paul Graham. Paul Graham, well-known
investor, uh, Y Combinator founder, and
he said this, "Wo, self-driving cars
compete with airlines." I never
considered that till now because this
person explained his uh, experience
where he drove 900 miles on FSD from
Miami to Nashville and he flies that
route two to three times a month.
flights are ne are never under $400.
Most times $600, sometimes $800. And
he's going, "This was a much better
experience to do this. Add Uber to and
from both airports, parking garage fees,
factor in the delays, the cancellations,
the security, the chaos.
On the other hand, I pack healthy
snacks, press one button, the car just
goes. I took calls, replied to emails,
FaceTime my family, ate without
pulling."
Just something else. So, this is not
just replacing ride heel. It could
significantly change transportation. In
this case, short hall flights, right?
&gt;&gt; It will. This will happen. This will
happen in the Midwest. This will happen
on the West Coast. Think think the
transport back and forth between San
Francisco and LA and other cities. Uh
think, you know, Tahoe. Think Midwest,
you know, Chicago, Indiana.
Uh
Iowa, St. Louis, Michigan, Wisconsin,
East Coast, Philly, New Jersey,
uh, and of course that like the Miami,
uh, Nashville connection or Georgia,
Atlanta to Orlando, those kind of this
will happen because what's happened over
the last 30 years is air travel hasn't
really changed. In fact, it's really
gotten more constricting with TSA
and and you know, just to go
a couple hundred miles away, there's
there is this threshold of the time you
have to get to the airport, you have to
drive to the airport, you have to find
parking or somebody drops you off, go
through security, do all this stuff, and
then the, you know, is the flight on
time or not? Is the flight getting
cancelled? And here you have this sure
thing and you have electricity which is
and and the cost to quote unquote fill a
tank up on a Model Y is typically, you
know, 7 to $10
and that will get you 300 miles or
[snorts] somewhere around that area. The
economics work, the convenience now
works with self-driving. So I think this
is going to happen. I think this is a
thing and it's also going to happen with
Tesla Semi and rail. I think Tesla Semi
is gonna start pulling
uh from various areas possibly rail and
it's all going to be a cost and
convenience equation and it's going to
be this assurance that you're you are
going to get yourself or your product
from point A to point B. So I agree. I
think I think this is a thing, but it's
not just an EV thing. It's an autonomy
thing that has to happen.
And you'll go you'll go from that Miami
to Nashville that you'll go you'll do
that route and you will feel you will
not you won't feel stressed by the time
you get to your destination because the
car did all the the driving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you brought up semi. We'll be
talking about that very shortly here.
But before we move on, he continued on
his story. He said that my biggest
concern was the range and the charging.
But here's what actually happened. His
bladder, he needed to go to use the
washroom. One extra stop that the car
didn't need. And most charging stops, he
said, was under five minutes. Total cost
for the whole trip was less than just
the Uber to the airport. I don't know if
it's 5 minutes, but certainly by the
time you go to the washroom and come
back, it's I usually get going already.
Total cost for the trip was less than
the Uber to the airport. This was the
base Model Y. He said, "Now I'm thinking
I should just get something comfier.
Just make this a default." I think
that's the future, isn't it, Jeeoff?
Like people going to get cars, the the
Teslas that are going to be more comfort
comfortable. That's what you're looking
for.
&gt;&gt; So, I think Tesla has to have
This is why I think the sun setting of
the X and X
I Okay.
&gt;&gt; There needs to be a new car that
replaces.
&gt;&gt; There needs to be something above 3 and
Y that potentially is more space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. or also fills the luxury segment
or does both. It could be this van,
minivan or something. This robo van,
this is a nice concept, but this is for
like 15 to 20 people and you need
something between that and then the, you
know, the five person
&gt;&gt; Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you've been saying that for a
while. I'm I'm I'm I'm starting to warm
up to the idea now because I think that
there were hints uh that Tesla might
actually introduce a new vehicle and
that could be like that. Like you said,
if you can get rid of the S and X, maybe
there's a model of the Y or something
that's just a little bit different, but
that missing piece because that's
completely different now with with FSD
with FSD working as well as it does. And
I can tell you I can tell everybody on
this call, I know 1432
hasn't gone wide yet, and I've fortunate
I've been fortunate to use it. I am
telling you, this is a meaningful step
function. I know there's some
disagreement online, but the vehicle
responds. It It It's seeing things
faster. It's making decisions and turns
faster. It's not hesitating as much.
It's getting you to Mad Max is Mad Max
again in this release. It is really fast
and it it is the car is both in hurry
and Mad Max is accelerating more
rapidly. It's getting you to speed more
rapidly. This release is a very to me
the Tesla made a huge huge jump. There's
just this one issue of you know they
want you to tag any disengagement with
this multiple choice question but the
screen if you don't select something the
screen stays up it doesn't go away and
maybe the selections aren't the best. Um
but they can fix that easily. That's the
easy thing. The hard thing is what they
did is [clears throat] is how good they
they made the release.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're not the only one.
Everybody's saying the same thing.
14.3.2
is that much better than 14.3.1
which they just released two weeks ago.
&gt;&gt; Completely different.
&gt;&gt; And it's like you're like what? How
could it have that huge of a jump when
it was just two weeks ago and it was
just a 01 release? You know, it's like
that's the thing we're watching for.
Okay. Um, so Tesla Semi, the production
has started according to Zengler. He's
he's the guy that really uh follows
Tesla semi uh significantly. He flies
his drone quite a bit and his drone
video from April 25th. Initial
semi-prouction is underway. We see lots
of new large beams delivered. What do
you think these are for? Uh so it looks
like it's happening. And then uh they
did say on their Q1 earnings deck that
semi was in pilot production. So it
would make sense that they're producing
initial units. that factory is supposed
to produce 50,000 units per year when
fully ramped. And so they said it was
pilot production. They have not yet uh
officially announced that it's in
production, but it looks like Jeeoff
that it's um right that it's
&gt;&gt; yeah pilot pilot pilot production is
pilot. Pilot is before start of
production. In pilot, you could be
producing a lot of units, but you're not
start of production. You're not
selfapproved for start of production,
which is the factory turns on and it
doesn't turn off until there's a word
of, you know, there's a either a quality
issue or or or the order stop. So, I
don't think semiis at that phase because
Tesla would have announced it. They you
you'd see a picture of the team crowded
around the first semi built and say,
"Hey, we've started production just like
they did for Cyber Cab." So I would
think that they're going to do that for
semi. But this being at the stage of
pilot means all the parts are final and
all the processes are final subject to
minor tweaking and you're you're really
close.
&gt;&gt; Thank you Zengler. Thank you to you to
explain that. that we are getting very
close as you say and uh so thousand new
jobs at Giga Berlin factory they want to
increase they they want to hire this
thousand new jobs by the end of June
which is like May March April May June
like like a month and a half two months
from now they want to increase the
weekly production by 20% by the from the
third quarter of 2026 a Tesla
spokesperson said the decision is a
direct response to increase demand for
Model Y And recruitment for the plan is
scheduled to begin in May.
What's going on, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, and and they're starting I think
they're gonna attempt to start battery
production. Uh what what's happening is
is
there is an issue going on
geopolitically in the world with the
price of oil. It's it's it's expensive.
regardless if the country like the US is
quote unquote self-sufficient with
energy, there's still a global price for
a barrel of oil. Uh, and there's a
couple of them depending on your
location. So, you have that issue
occurring. And then I think people are
seeing the impacts of full self-driving.
I think it is starting to catch on. We
saw the biggest quarteronquarter growth.
We saw 16% quarter-on quarter growth
sequentially. It it was 52%
year-on-year, but if you actually take
the 16% and you annualize it, that's at
an 81% growth rate for FSD. And FSD is
not a this is FSD mostly growing on top
of itself. There's very few countries
approved. So, as they expand the number
of countries, I think that number is
going to get a bit nutty. It's going to
get pretty big. But I think people I
think demand is returning and Tesla made
this comment about having the largest Q1
backlog in a few years. I think it's a
big deal. I think there is momentum and
what that signals to me is they're going
to burn into that 25 days of inventory
and they're going to start pushing that
down. That's going to be a positive for
the cash side in the next quarter. I
think Q2 may be a nicesized delivery
quarter
because they're they're going to have
that inventory and because what's
happening geopolitically in the start of
January the price for a barrel of oil
was $505 and now it's $95. That is a
that is an issue. We're we're uh now
will they will they turn to buying 40
and $50,000 cars?
um some if Tesla had a sub $30,000
vehicle right now, you you'd even you'd
have even a bigger uptake, but I think
that car would be sold out regardless
the price of a a barrel of oil. So
Tesla's jumping a tying all these loose
ends together. Tesla's jumping way ahead
of that, I think, with the Cyber Cab,
which is going to reduce the cost of
transportation and make people a little
bit more agnostic to these oil price
shocks. So in terms of uh vehicle sales
in Europe specifically, Jeeoff, you've
got you've got demand just you know
obviously it was de uh compressed last
year for a variety of reasons including
the Model Y refresh including the you
know the Elon concern political
involvement that seems to have
rebounded or it's coming back. Then
you've got the oil scenario which you
just articulated and then you've got AI.
So this thousand jobs uh my it would be
fair to say that I would think of it as
just more just demand is coming back. So
they're re replenishing what they had.
That's not including what would happen
when the FSZ is approved in multiple
European cities. Maybe there's another
jump there that we'll have they'll have
to deal later with. I think they will
and I think that could happen sooner
than later because the most rigorous
regulatory body, the gateway to the EU
and the 27 member states approved it and
that gateway is the Netherlands and
they're recommending that the broader EU
approve it. So, we could see that here
imminently.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeeoff. Appreciate you very
much. Perfect uh timing today to get
your feedback on your experience today.
Um, follow Jeff on his ex account at the
Jeff Lutz. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.