Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Covers Cybertruck PCS2 Repairs
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOz_7MqsCjs
Published:   2026-08-03 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-03 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Are we going to see things like this in
the future where they don't do a formal
recall on it, but they just say, "Hey,
we're just going to put a new uh
warranty on it." Things of that nature.
Cybertruck just got a little longer
warranty. Well, at least on a part or
two. And it is all because of hard hard
work done by me and my buddy Craig.
Definitely that. It's definitely that
and not anything else. PCS2 failures.
Well, there have been a few. There's
going to be a few more, but you covered.
Uh, we're going to get into it. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
[singing and music]
&gt;&gt; So, Craig, uh, in case folks don't know
who you are, cuz I definitely don't,
you've got a channel called the Redfire
Review where you review, as I
understand, Red Fire. That's great. I'm
so excited. Uh, I may have I may have
misunderstood that. You also have a
YouTube channel, the Red Review Tech,
uh, which is, you know, that, but, uh,
with moving pictures. That's also great.
So, I had you on what, a month and a
half, two months ago. We talked about
this. There's probably a clip of it
playing right now. Uh, what happened and
what's the good news that we got?
&gt;&gt; Well, Brian, it it has been a while. In
fact, uh, I produced a video. So, it's
actually
138 days old at this point. And that's
the second video that I did. I did
another video that's over a year old on
this very topic as well. And I talk to
you later, but this was all on the PCS2
on the Cyber Truck. And if you own a
Cybert truck, you've probably heard
rumors of it by now. You probably heard
about it through the grapevine. But
effectively your AC charging stops
working and possibly the DC side as
well. That's a whole other ball game.
But my problem was it actually did
happen to me in this particular Cybert
truck. It did happen uh where I did lose
my PCS2 board and I had to have uh Tesla
replace it. I didn't have to come out of
pocket for it because well it was
covered under warranty. No big deal at
the time or so I thought. Uh but it was
almost a year later that I really
understood the gravity of the situation
and how widespread the problem was. Uh
and that's when I put out a video of um
the Cybert truck has a a hidden problem.
A hidden time bomb. Yeah, that was it.
Hidden time bomb. Uh and trying to raise
awareness and that's where we started
talking. It's like we tried to get out
there and raise awareness about this
issue uh about the the truck not
charging and it was basically happening
to almost all of the cyber trucks that
were produced prior to 2026 and
&gt;&gt; yeah it was nothing under a few thou
several thousand probably tens of
thousands truth be told. So Tesla has
very clever engineers. Uh they have
backups and they have backups for their
backups in many cases and the PCS2 board
is the ACDC inverter but it also it does
other things and it's got two channels
in it. One of the channels can fail and
you may not even notice. The other
channel well if the first one fails the
second one's just a matter of time. Uh
so it is uh crucial to get them
replaced. Now, now I don't know about
you, but when I raised awareness of this
uh particular instance, I was called a
name or two. I was uh to I was called a
Tesla hater. And I thought,
I love the company. I love the people
who buy the products. I wish to see a
happy marriage between them. [snorts] If
you've got a part that's defective,
replace it. So, uh hopefully uh this
validates that a bit. Now, when
subscribers get angry and leave, they
don't come back when when it turns out
you're right. So, all I would say there
is a word of a word of caution and
temperance to viewers. Just because you
don't like the message doesn't mean it's
not true.
&gt;&gt; You know, there's there's several points
to that story as well because there
there's this thing going around in the
community where everybody believes if
you sing Kumaya, you're part of the
group and all of this and they don't
want to hear any dissonance. And part of
part of it has to do with the fact there
are so many well for lack of a better
term Tesla haters out there. There are a
few and several YouTubers that do it
nothing more than to get clicks. And so
when anybody says anything negative
about any Tesla, you have this mob
mentality that rallies around Tesla.
It's like, "No, no, no. It's not true.
It's all false. It's all false." Without
doing any homework. And that's the
trick. Uh, but I understand exactly what
you're saying because the moment I
started putting stuff out there and I
even said it in the groups. I think I
got banned from one of the Cyber Truck
forums because I said, "Hey guys, this
was really big problem with the truck
and here's the video on it." They did
not like that at all and I was basically
banned. I I was not allowed to post
anymore. I said, "Well, I can't help you
then." So, uh, it was a big community.
They know who they are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And it's unfortunate. I know
I'm must be in the middle because I have
people telling me all the time that I
can't be objective because I'm too much
of a Tesla fanboy and I'm also a Tesla
hater. And sometimes in the same video,
it's amazing how I do that. I I don't
understand, but I have skills that are a
mystery even to me, Craig. I don't know.
I don't know how you how you how you
reconcile that.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing to be a Tesla hater and
it's like I'm sitting here well in a
very nice
&gt;&gt; in
&gt;&gt; Tesla. it in in what is currently their
most expensive model.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, what uh Yeah. So, what is the fix?
What are they what are they doing now?
What's if you if you have this problem?
We'll address in a minute how to look
and see if you've already got it acting
up. But what is Tesla doing?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so here's here's the big change uh
that they implemented uh effectively and
this is honestly this is unprecedented
in Tesla history. I had to go back and
look this one up. This is absolutely
unprecedented for a part to actually
have a failure. They know it has a
failure and what they're doing is
basically extending the warranty on that
particular part. I shouldn't even say
extending. That's not the proper term. I
should say they are covering that part
for a significant amount of time because
extending the warranty implies that your
warranty hasn't lapsed and it's
continuing to go. And there are several
cyber trucks out there because it was
being covered under the basic vehicle
warranty which goes up to 50,000 miles,
four years, 50,000 miles. That's what it
was. Um, and there's a lot of cyber
trucks that are beyond that point in the
worlds and people pay several thousands
of dollars to get it fixed for a variet
through a variety of means. Now, uh
Tesla has done two things actually. one
of those they implemented uh several
months ago on just the 2026 version or
the PCS. It was another heading like a
very expensive component program or
something and in which case they gave
you 7 years 70,000 uh miles on uh so
they basically extended for that that is
still in place for the 2026 models only.
If you were had a vehicle prior to 2026,
this didn't it you out of luck until
July 30th. Now they have put in a new
policy whereas if the uh truck has 8
years or 150,000 miles or less, then
they will fully cover the part. So
they've effectively brought it up to the
standard of the battery. It's not
covered under the battery warranty
technically, but it has the same
effective time as the battery warranty.
in addition to this to make right
because I know people paid $7,000
to have this part fixed. And and that's
the crazy part. The the it ranged all
over the map how much people had to pay.
I've seen people pay 0,000,
$6,000, $7,000, it was not consistent.
But for those people that have paid a
single dollar to Tesla to have this
particular issue fixed under this new
plan, you will be reimbursed 100% for
the amount of money that you spent.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So that's Tesla's version of making it
right. I've been calling for a recall on
this part for Lord knows how long at
this point. You this really should have
been under recall. But in lie of that,
they have said, "Hey, we're going to go
ahead and give you this extra warranty."
And as I said, this is one of those
things that is outside of the regular
warranty process. And as I said, it's
absolutely unprecedented because they've
never done anything like this before,
which begs the question if they have any
other problems with any of their
vehicles such as the Model 3 and the
Model Y. A couple of years ago, they had
problems with their suspension. They
knew it was a problem. They knew it
needed fixing. Are we going to see
things like this in the future where
they don't do a formal recall on it, but
they just say, "Hey, we're just going to
put a new uh warranty on it." Things of
that nature.
&gt;&gt; So, they're extending the warranty on
it. Are they refunding people? I'd heard
a rumor that they might be refunding
people who have already paid for it.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they they're they're they're 100%
reimbursing uh everyone that has paid a
dollar towards the PCS repair. if it was
the PCS2. There there's some other
things that have gone wrong with the
vehicle that are similar, but it's not
the PCS. So, just make sure you check
your paperwork. Uh because you'll hear
things like the inverter drive. That's
actually the drive unit on the truck,
which they've had a lot of problems with
those. Uh they've fixed those, but that
is not this. And I know there've been a
lot of people that have confused the
two. This is not an inverter.
&gt;&gt; Now, just to be clear, uh we hate Tesla,
right? Is that what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I hear them so much. I keep buying
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing is we
don't we're not saying the Cybertruck is
bad. We're not saying uh the engineers
are bad. We're saying that it's a whole
new product using a lot of whole new
things. There's going to be issues and
we'd like them to make them right. And
now it is clear they will do precisely
that. So, uh I think that kind of sums
it up. Is there anything I'm forgetting
to ask about it?
&gt;&gt; Uh in terms of the warranty, no. The the
warranty is actually pretty
straightforward actually. The only
questions that I still have uh that have
not been answered truly is how the
reimbursement is supposed to take place.
Uh whether or not you're going to be
mailed a check or whether or not uh you
will be sent a notification in the mail,
things of that nature. Um
&gt;&gt; no, you get a single gift card for
$7,000 to the diner.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; That would be
&gt;&gt; time frame for reimbursement. I'm sure
there maybe there's a process. Do you
have to apply for it or is it automatic?
These are questions that I would love to
see uh Tesla answer
&gt;&gt; and I don't know if Tesla will publish
the answer, but we will soon find out
from affected owners. I also will point
out that if you have referral credits,
referral dollars in your account, you
can spend them at the diner. You just
have to place the order from the screen
in your car and it'll bill to whatever
your billing account is, which if you
have referral dollars, it's that.
I think that's
&gt;&gt; especially folks in California.
&gt;&gt; I'm not in California, but I get to the
diner from time to time [laughter]
and and it's a little bit of effort, but
&gt;&gt; I have not had that pleasure. I'm on the
other coast.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it is it is an experience. If I
lived close enough and was having a bad
day, I'd just go down there and feel
mildly famous. Uh because you know it's
our it's our beacon. It's our calling.
We must go at some point.
&gt;&gt; A lot of people do. So guys in the
comments, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Do me a favor, would you
folks? Would you head over to the the
red review and uh check it out? See
what's going on. He does very well
produced videos like uh I'm a little
frustrated how well produced they are
because mine uh are in the process of
stepping up. They're not there yet. and
uh criminally underrated channel. It's
only got what how many subscribers you
got? 20,000.
&gt;&gt; 20,000 thing something in that nature.
Yeah. We we try what I try to do really
what the channel is all about. I try to
show people number one how to save money
beyond anything else. We try to show
people how to save money.
&gt;&gt; But more than anything else, I really
try to show people how to do a lot of
these mods and installs themselves.
Yeah. on from all the different vendors
because I can when I first bought my
truck, it was, you know, terrifying
tearing a $100,000 vehicle apart. I
mean, it's it's terrifying,
&gt;&gt; but you racking.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I am not a mechanic. I tell
guys that all the time. I am not a
mechanic. And so, I just kind of learn
by doing. And so, I know the
frustrations that everybody goes through
and trying to put these mods in. And
that's what I do. And I I'm able to
answer a lot of questions in the
Facebook groups when people saying uh
when when they ask about the
refrigerators, the lights, the the the
seat covers, the mud flaps, everything,
the floor floor pads, everything.
&gt;&gt; Uh because I get to experience it all
and I know it's garbage,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And so I try to save people from the
garbage because there's a lot of garbage
out there. And as I told folks on my
channel uh not long ago, I'm going to do
a video about some of the garbage. It's
it's it's bad.
&gt;&gt; So, that is the thing is you do a lot of
accessory reviews. Let's take a minute
real quick and say, is there any big red
flag or certain categories of items or
certain items specifically people should
just avoid?
&gt;&gt; Uh lately,
anything with a motor and it's a sun
shade.
&gt;&gt; Oh, unfortunate.
&gt;&gt; Front front windshield if ceilings. I
don't know yet. I haven't really done
those. front win for Shield.
&gt;&gt; No go. It's been bad. Uh, and I've I I
I'm in the unique position. I have a
relationship with a lot of the vendors.
People tend to order from and so I kind
of bend their ear on occasion as a
consumer. I say, "Hey guys, this is not
working. You really don't want to sell."
There's there's some things out there
that I tell them like, "Please pull off
the market." I I've asked them and uh
they they won't make it public, but I
have asked them to pull things off the
market because you're basically stealing
people's money. And the reason why it's
not them per se, but they're putting
their name on it. They're are
manufacturers and a lot of the stuff
comes from China. Uh they put their name
on it and they just resell it. They
didn't make it. They make some of the
stuff, not all of the stuff, but they
just put their name on it, rebrand it,
resell it, and it's fire and forget. And
it destroys their reputation.
&gt;&gt; It does. Which is a reason why if you
see it on my channel, I can give I will
give you an honest review of whether or
not it's good or not. Yes, I I I give
you my discount code and all of that to
buy it, but at the end of the day, I
don't make money that way. I really
don't. I don't make money doing any of
this really. uh
&gt;&gt; you know there there's yeah there's a
bunch of channel a bunch of companies
that I'm happy to support uh because I
believe they're honest and ethical like
uh Joaha and EVJ and uh Boltwise because
I mean my you know oh wow I made a $6
commission right it's not about that and
I'm sure you get these too infinite
requests to do to do reviews and I mean
I've had ones where I look at the
website of the company selling it and
And I get like a a warning, a seller
warning from this uh install from this
plugin that I'm running this extension
saying this company should not be
purchased from.
&gt;&gt; Wow. [laughter]
And and they're they're offering me
money to help them steal from my
viewers.
&gt;&gt; And and that and that brings her brand
down. That's that's not cool at all.
&gt;&gt; Right. I'm not touching that. That's
crazy.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And and that's right now the
one of the reasons why I have 20,000
followers on the channel, why only why I
have 20,000 is because those folks trust
me to tell them the truth. And I am not
going to betray that trust to make $5
[laughter]
or 500.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Grock agrees.
&gt;&gt; Grock agrees. I mean, there you go. Uh
uh. Yes. And I also, as you know, will
show the good and the bad. not just of
products I review, but of the car, of
the software. Uh, and
&gt;&gt; that's a big one.
&gt;&gt; If that makes me I don't know how that
makes me a fanboy, but whatever, man.
Whatever.
&gt;&gt; That's the same thing with no pleasing.
&gt;&gt; That's the same thing with the Cyber
Truck when it came down to the PCS2
board. Uh, I'm going to give you my
honest opinion about it. And if I think
it's going to be a real problem, going
to put it out there. And I don't care
about what people tell me or how they
feel about it. I really don't because I
know I'm telling you the truth and at
the end of the day it will prevail no
matter what. So if you can get mad at
me, call me, you know, you and ban me
from groups all you want, does not
matter. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't care. Uh because I'm telling you
the truth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've had people on X who have
banned me over disagreements on things
like Rivian or Cryptocoin [snorts] and
uh invariably a year or two later
they'll come back and go, "Oh yeah,
yeah, I didn't understand." It's like,
"Well, I don't I don't despise Rivian. I
have no problem with Rivian. I
understand why they did not invite me to
review the R2.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I understand why they didn't why they
went out of their way to make sure I
didn't attend AI day. Uh and that became
clear when they said liar and everybody
cheered and I was like, "Oh, that's why
that's why they don't want me there."
Fair. Fair.
&gt;&gt; So guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. And everyone else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots when next we
bring you the truth.