Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Could End Car Ownership Forever
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIBkNWqWwyI
Published:   2026-09-17 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-17 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You don't It's like Apple, right? Every
time they have a new phone, you know,
you can just subscribe to this one,
which I don't, but you could, where it's
just automatically you get the new phone
each year. It's like an extended lease
kind of model. Imagine that if they also
bundle in though, right, the with these
Starlink into these cars, you get
Netflix, you get, you know, YouTube
premium, whatever. It's all bundled in.
So, your entertainment, maybe even
discounts if you order food and the car
goes and picks it up and drives it back
to itself and then they've already
settled that the these stores here,
these companies that they'll give you
discounts. Just a tremendous amount of
ways for Tesla to keep making money.
&gt;&gt; Car ownership may become a thing of the
past in the not too distant future. Does
it sound like a sci-fi future you want
to live in? It has a lot of benefits. uh
you don't have to think about
maintenance or tires or anything like
that. Maybe you just subscribe and all
your transportation needs are met. Maybe
it means [music] you'll transportate
more. Uh who knows? Uh but I think uh
Herbert made a great show about it
recently and I've got an issue or two. I
may be playing devil's advocate here and
not because I advocate for the actual
devil. That would be crazy. We're going
to get into it. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; [singing and music]
&gt;&gt; Herbert, you you're you're not
advocating for the devil, are you? I
just need to get
&gt;&gt; No, we're talking about transportate.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Whether you're going to transport
&gt;&gt; transportate Yeah, that's how one does
it. I've decided I thought [laughter] I
thought I could redo it. Nah, that's too
good. So, uh, tell me about the premise
of your transportation as a service
idea.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. Well, so first of all, I've
been uh thinking about this for such a
long time. And I know that Joe Techmar
did a fantastic article and I did two
videos on this as I thought it some
about it some more, but it it makes so
much sense to me. And if you look at the
breadcrumbs or where Tesla's headed,
this makes sense. The idea being that
instead of today, which is you buy a
car, right? You buy a Model Y, Model 3,
you pay them money for it, you own it
now, you finance it, now you've you've
got it, and Tesla gets a their cut of
it. usually around5 or $7,000 profit and
that's about it and you're done. Then if
you want you can subscribe to FSD, pay
100 bucks a month, 99 a month. You can
buy insurance separately and you're good
to go. On the other side now they've got
Robo Taxi and they're going to roll that
out. Now it's only available in certain
cities and certain states, not quite
everywhere yet. So you can see where
this is going to go once it's happening
there. Now Robo Taxi pretty simple Uber
like model ride. You use an app, you
download it, you can get a car to drive
you from one place to another place, you
pay them a fee. And then there's Tesla
Rental. I don't know if everybody
anybody here realizes yet because it's
such it was kind of like went under the
radar. I've reported on and I know you
have, but it's about this idea that it's
already available in multiple cities.
They allow you to rent a Tesla 5 days.
And just like a rental business, just
like Herz, you rent a car, it's got the
insurance, it's got the rental, you got
5 days. and they're doing it in these,
you know, cities. Okay. Is that the way
the future is going to be? I don't think
so. I think what's going to happen is
it's going to look like uh Amazon Prime.
It's going to look like Apple 1. There's
a bundle and you pay a particular
monthly fee. That's it. So, when you you
and so so right now the the discourse,
the conversation on X right now about
this is that oh well, either I'm going
to buy the car or I'm going to just be a
100% robo taxi from now on, right? this
this idea that in the future, can you
imagine Tesla being able to lower the
price of a robo taxi rideill service to
less than if it's a dollar per mile, it
replaces rideill. If it's less than a
dollar per mile, it replaces car
ownership. And this idea that no one
will need to buy cars anymore because
I'm going to always just ride from now
on. And especially the people who are
poor, right? They they would pay two
bucks to go to a bus, but to taking a
bus is hassle. You have to go to the bus
stations or dropped off to another bus
station. And here it's like
pointto-point rental. It's cheaper than
a bus. You're going to do that. Okay.
But that's not what I think is going to
happen. What's going to happen is you're
going to have the best of all worlds.
You will have a subscription price, a
monthly fee. Tesla will charge you a
monthly fee. What that what does that
allow to you do? All sorts of
capability, right? You can. So now if I
want I have a baby this month. I don't.
But let's say you know Nick Gibbs and
his family just had a baby or whatever.
Well, guess what? for these next year
they have to have the baby seat strapped
in maybe the next several years. So
their monthly fee allows them to keep a
car in their garage for as long as they
want and everything's gone. Now let's
say this weekend though uh I'm going to
do a move. So instead I want to have a
use of a cybert truck. So okay, this
weekend you have the use of a cybert
truck. It comes to your house. It drives
itself to your house. You can use it.
Next weekend I've got a wedding to go
to. I want to I want to have the best
Model S. or the best the you know I've
got a big family my family is coming
over I want the Model Y L you can do
that so the idea being that you have
this monthly subscription but it lets
you either ride hill whenever you want
or you can keep a car in your garage for
as long as you want or you can switch
out cars whenever you want and it's all
in pricing right it's got the FSD it's
got the uh it's got the insurance it's
got the entertainment package the inter
and and so forth if I'm traveling and I
and I go to Austin to visit a Giga Texas
event. Guess what? I don't It's already
part of my subscription and I can ride
hillill a car if I want or I can rent a
car for the week if I want. It's all the
same thing. This is where I think
they're headed. Now, how do I know this
is happening? I don't. Tesla's never
shared this. But if you look at all of
the breadcrumbs and you look at the way
that why did they say I'm no longer
going to sell you FSD one time, you own
it forever. 8,000 bucks or 15. Some
people paid $15,000 to own it and now
you own it. 12,000 8,000 15,000 you own
because that was the car ownership
model. They stopped that because they
don't want to promote the car ownership
model anymore. We're moving towards this
subscription as a service pick and play,
pick and choose anything you want. Mhm.
So, in the '9s, I was a loan officer
into the 2000s a little bit, uh, but
mostly in the 90s, I would periodically
encounter a client who when we're going
through their assets, I'd say, "What
what car do you have?" And they go, "Oh,
I I don't have a car." Like, "You don't
have a car. You're like a millionaire
and you don't have a car." They're like,
"Yeah, why would I have a car?" I I go,
"Does your condo not have a parking
spot?" Oh, it does. I rent it out. I
rent it out. I don't need a parking
spot. No. What I do is when I need to go
somewhere, I rent a car. I don't have
insurance. I don't have tabs. I don't
have maintenance. I don't have tires. I
don't have the fear of it being I what I
have is an essentially brand new car to
drive anytime I want. And the cost of
renting it for 3 days a month, which I
don't do. It's every couple months uh or
even a week here and there is vastly
cheaper than uh paying for it. and what
I'm not paying in insurance, what I'm
not paying in parking, I'm getting money
back for parking covers it. My
transportation when I need a car is
free. So, that was kind of a big thing
to see. So, in terms of costs, um if
it's if the insurance is included, it
has to be FSD 100%, doesn't it? Because
there are a lot of drivers who are
uninsurable or insurable at a rate that
is prohibitively high based on their
history of poor driving. Uh is that how
that would work?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how that would work. So
right now I have Tesla I have insurance
through Metro Mile which was bought by
Lemonade. And now Lemonade does not yet
have their FSD version of insurance here
in Washington State. But the way that
works is simply that I'm charged my
insurance monthly is based on how often
I drive my car. Number one,
&gt;&gt; if I don't drive it, I they charge me
less because they track it. But two, in
what is it now six states, they've now
launched FSD insurance, which is every
time I drive FSD, my insurance goes
down. So, in the same way, Tesla can say
the same thing, which is here's your
monthly price, but the more they use
FSD, the monthly price is lower or the
fees are lower, but there's extra
add-ons every time you decide you're not
going to use FSD and you're going to
drive because it's riskier and insurance
has to cover it. And they'll just do it
per mile of how often you decide you're
not going to use FSD. So, you have the
option to do that. So the question I
have is
uh how much do you think the average
person is spending on insurance compared
to because there's going to be a price
on this. Maybe it's $500 a month. Maybe
it's $10 million. I don't know. We don't
know what it would be. Uh but your
insurance alone is a big chunk of that.
Your registration
for your state. I mean what are we pay
what are you paying? I mean,
I'm paying 1,500 bucks a year for
registration. And I as I asked you
[laughter]
why not, and you explained it to me, but
I'm being charged for the uh mo which
is, you know, ironically, the light rail
development, I'm being paid charging for
that. My EV is paying for that. But um
that is crazy, but the amount is uh I
think about equal. So if you pay for FSE
is 99 bucks a month but if insurance is
reduced let's say you're paying 300
bucks a month or 200 bucks a month
depending on of course family and your
your insurability um it is about half
that right so it's about 100 bucks a
month so at the end of the day the
savings you have in in FS the cost for
FSE was is about the same as the savings
you would get for insurance at this
point in the future lemonade says we
might actually see a future where we
would charge near zero insurance when
FSA 15 comes comes out and it gets like
not just seven times safer supervised
but actually super you know what what
the doctor called it a ridiculously safe
levels insurance will be even lower so
the you you FSE is 100 bucks a month but
you're paying how much insurance and
your insurance goes down 300 bucks a
month less it's worth it now the total
amount this is the interesting analysis
that I was able to dig into was that the
cost of owning a car and of course it's
all about different states and different
people and different cars It's about
a,000 bucks a month is what you would
pay. So if if if Tesla's FSD if Tesla's
bundled pricing, subscription pricing is
less than a,000 a month, this is it's a
no-brainer for people.
&gt;&gt; For some people, I would argue that for
many people that's still very high. Uh
30 bucks a day. Uh I mean that would get
you a lot of robo taxi, right?
&gt;&gt; Versus owning your own car though,
&gt;&gt; right? But most people don't buy new
cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I guess people buy
&gt;&gt; Yeah. way the way I see it is that it's
not like everybody pays a thousand a
month, right? It's it's like it's like
Apple 1. The way Apple 1 works as Apple
subscription process is that if you want
just these two, this is the price. If
you want these six, this is the price.
If you want the full bundle, this is the
price per month. It's a 45 bucks a
month. If you want the whole thing, but
I don't want to pay 45 bucks a month. I
just want to pay like 30 or less. So, I
don't want I don't need Apple games. I
don't need all that. So, then it becomes
less. So, there's it's going to be tiers
of of of your thing. Now, some people
will say, "I want a car that's in my in
my garage 30 days a week, a month, you
know, basically basically I'm owning
it."
&gt;&gt; So, okay, it's just as if you own it
then. And then you get But then you get
uh you get to let it out to make you
money,
&gt;&gt; right? So, that every time you let it
out to rent you money, your your dollars
go down per month. But if you want to
just keep it in your garage the whole
time, fine. It still is a monthly
payment, bundled payment that is
equivalent to as if you just leased the
car or, you know, basically it's a
rental from Tesla forever, but it's your
car, right?
&gt;&gt; Your car.
&gt;&gt; And with mandatory FSD, uh, it's not
like you're going to be abusing it.
You'll just be using it.
&gt;&gt; So, there's people like that who want,
you know, on the one side, I want 100%
my one car in my garage all the time.
That's if I own it. you pay a thousand
bucks a month, whatever amount it is,
right? And then there's the other side,
which is I actually don't need cars,
right? Like I'm living in an apartment.
I just I know I'm gonna ride hill all
the time. There's that.
&gt;&gt; But Marp point and Joy Teagmar did a
fantastic job. Joe actually six
different kind of, you know, from one
end to the other end and then the other
kind of models in between. And that's
what I'm saying that there's this kind
of ability to, okay, well, I kind of
want this this month I want a car in my
garage, but next month I'm going on
vacation. I don't want any cars in my
garage at all. Make me money and then
next month I kind of need it. I want one
for just three days, but then I'll let
it go back and then I'll just ride hill
for the next week, you know, and then I
want to switch cars and all that. I
think they have that ability to do this.
That would be fascinating to see. My
concern is the price. I will mention
real quick that uh this all sounds like
a a very futuristic kind of game. It is
not. What this is is futurazza meets
brighter and you can subscribe to both
of us. Uh that is based on an actual
photograph of uh with our match.
&gt;&gt; Make me look like a kid.
&gt;&gt; You look great.
&gt;&gt; Ah, I politely disagree. I I appreciate
you playing advocate on that devil. Uh
but uh yeah, it's free, guys. You can
just subscribe. It's It's super awesome.
You're going to love it. When Netflix
came out with their business model,
their initial one, the big difference
was they said, "Look, no more late fees.
if you want to check out a movie and
then you just forget to return it,
&gt;&gt; nothing changes. You're you just don't
get another one until you send it back.
And that was a big differentiator. And
now that they're then when they went to
just streaming, all of a sudden you have
all these options. Maybe you like some
of them. Maybe you want to dig deep in a
weird category that's kind of just for
you. uh this would uh open up that
opportunity because like you said uh
there was when we went to get our newest
cartoonishly oversized Halloween
decoration uh we did not have the Model
Y at the moment. We just had the Model 3
service loaner and that was not the
correct size to get it home. But really
what we wanted was a Cyber Truck. We
asked our neighbor about his truck. He
said we could use it anytime. It was in
the shop. H for crying out loud. So, of
course, we just jammed it in the Model Y
as soon as we got it back. It'd be nice
to just say, "Today, I'm driving a
Cybert truck, uh, without, you know, if
there is a premium, it'd be perhaps a
very small premium. Uh, but just swap it
out. I don't know." And in terms of
managing these vehicles, well, right,
but now I have to bring the Model Y I've
been using for 3 months back. No, we'll
just take it. We'll just summon it. It's
back. and cleaning too by the way
because if if if you happen to live now
you might not be because where you live
but if if you live in a near big center
city center and then they have Tesla has
a service center that has automated
cleaning you know press a button and my
car goes on itself gets clean comes it's
part of the service it's part of the
monthly fee it's part of the whole
network that you're joining in now
imagine what they can do with this they
can now with with Starlinks attached to
not only all cyber caps, but all new
cars as well, new Model Y and all that.
You don't, it's like Apple, right? Every
time they have a new phone, you know,
you can just subscribe to this one,
which I don't, but you could, where it's
just automatically you get the new phone
each year. It's like an extended lease
kind of model. Imagine that if they also
bundle in though, right, the with these
Starlink into these cars, you get
Netflix, you get, you know, YouTube
premium, whatever. It's all bundled in.
So, your entertainment, maybe even
discounts if you order food and the car
goes and picks it up and drives it back
to itself and then they've already
settled that the these stores here,
these companies that they'll give you
discounts. Just a tremendous amount of
ways for Tesla to keep making money on
other places, but also charge you one
bill that gets you everything that you
need. Charging, cleaning, insurance,
um any service, repair, it's not your
problem. Tesla will just take care of
it. Not your car. You're just paying a
monthly fee. I'm tired of this one. I
don't I don't want the white one because
I bought a white car. I bought a white
Tesla Model 3. And it bugged me for so
long because I didn't want to do it. But
and my wife didn't want to get the red
one. I so I ended up did getting buying
a red one. But you know, like living
with that same car with the same color
may gosh some days. Wouldn't it be
great? I don't want the white one this
day. I want the black one today. Okay,
choose. That's the one you want. Get it.
That would be a pretty wild way to
approach it. So, I've got two last
questions for you and these are in my
opinion the biggest ones. The first is
what is the cost? I know there's tears
and I will have some,000 or less. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But a th there's a big difference
between a,000 and 500. At 500, you get
everybody. 500 is um perhaps a little
bit over a lot of people's comfort level
for in for uh a payment, but you're not
paying that $50 to $100 a month in
registration, that$1red to 300 in
insurance.
&gt;&gt; What I'm talking about is the car owners
who in order for you to decide as a car
owner, instead of me buying a car,
having in my garage all the time, for
that one, it's got to be a thousand or
less. But if you're talking about Yeah.
the people live in the apartments, who
live in the city, who just want a robo
taxi all day long. Yeah, there's going
to be a bun a monthly fee there that's
much less. And you could buy those and
packs like Uber does this now. Um, Lyft
does this now where you can pay them a
monthly fee and then they they they can
do this. Uh, by the way, Cadillac,
Mercedes, all these car companies
actually had a service like this that
they tried to roll out and they all
failed. you know, car Cadillac on demand
or things like that. Why? Because the
cost of somebody, let's say you don't
want the car anymore. Physical person
has to drive their car to your car, two
people, pick up that car, bring it back.
It was too cost prohibitive. If the car
can drive itself, home base, come back
when you need it, swap, clean all by
itself, charge by itself. Um, this can
be very economically, you know, done.
And remember how Tesla works works, it's
all about scale. Scale, scale, scale. If
you scale this and you get enough
subscribers to this monthly fee, you
could charge them a lot less than you
would if if you were trying to sell ones
2Z cars.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I do think getting it rolled out,
getting it to critical mass would be
challenging on the uh longerterm
vehicles. On the short term, if it's
just a cyber cab slashmodel Y, perhaps
even slash uh cyber uh cyber truck for a
monthly ride share kind of thing. I
think that would be a lot easier to roll
out. Uh but I've got one last big
question. Before that, I'm going to ask
you guys in the comments. What's Herbert
crazy about? What am I crazy about? You
got to help us understand what we
missed, what we misunderstood. You can
you got to do it. It's required. It is
mandatory. So, uh, my last question,
this is a big one, Herbert. So, if I
need two people, it's going to send me a
CyberCap. And if I need four or five
people, it's going to send me a Y or a Y
L. And if I need to take a short flight,
it's going to take me send me what? A
Roadster, right? It's going to send me
one for my little little
&gt;&gt; for the short flights. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's it, right? Did I miss it? Is that
how it's going to work? But yeah, no, I
I I absolutely think that Roadster will
be part of the package. And so if in
that, you know, that night that you're
going to go out for a big Oscar event
and you've been invited, you're, you
know, you're you're the best producer,
future Oscins an Oscar,
&gt;&gt; you get to arrive in a Roadster
&gt;&gt; and yeah, I mean, you could have just
rented it, sure, but it's just part of
the package. Anytime you want that one,
you get it. I'll tell you what I know
about Futurazza is that I will win the
Oscar and I still won't be invited. It's
weird how that works. Guys, uh, leave
your thoughts below, pretty please.
Everyone else, like, subscribe to what
you do. Stay tuned. Stay juicy and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots in the comment section on
Herbert's channel where I uh do read the
the comments that you leave there as
well on the videos that I participate
in. I'm over there once a week,
sometimes twice. It's a whole lot of
fun. And I'll see you guys on the
flippity flap.