Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Just Dropped 2 Huge Growth Signals ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gz9WnWN3fk8
Published:   2026-07-29 00:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-29 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Today, we learned from two
different sources that Tesla's
electricity demand is set to expand
aggressively. First, Tesla and Zelestra
have agreed to a long-term PPA power
purchase agreement in Texas. With this
one, Tesla will purchase the entire
output of the 140 megawatt AC Lumen farm
solar plant in Texas. This Lumen site is
in northeast Texas and is expected to
head into construction in 2027 and be
fully operational in 2029. And Tesla and
Lumen have already worked together in
the past in Spain with a 57 megawatt AC
deal. And Tesla and Zelestra have
already worked together in the past,
signing a 57 megawatt AC deal in Spain
last year. And Celestria's CEO said, "We
plan to bring the new solar plant online
as quickly as possible to support
Tesla's growing energy needs in Texas."
So, thank Cortex 1 and 2, CyberCap
Production, Optimus Production, the
Optimus Academy factory, the robo taxi
hubs and charging, and don't forget
about Tesla's mega pack factory in
Brookshshire, which is set to be located
with Tesla's new solar production
facility. And to clarify, these PPAs are
not Tesla buying electricity, meaning
the electrons from that site, from the
Lumen farm, but rather this is a partial
hedge from Tesla on electricity pricing
from Urkot going likely a decade plus
into the future. Tesla is effectively
betting here that the wholesale market
prices from Urkot will go up over time.
So Tesla is going to lock in all of that
output at a fixed rate. And over time
that Lumen farm will sell those
electrons onto the OT grid and then
settle up the difference between the
wholesale price they receive and what
Tesla locked in at that fixed price. And
then of course doing so Tesla gets those
Rex renewable energy credits that they
can effectively match toward its own
electricity use. So let's say Tesla
signs the agreement at $40 per megawatt
hour. On any given day, the wholesale
price might be $55 per megawatt hour.
So, the Lumen Solar Farm would receive
that $55 per megawatt hour. And then
under that contract, Zelestro would pay
Tesla that $15 difference. So, in
Austin, Tesla is still going to pay its
regular electricity rates. These
electrons from the Lumen Solar Farm will
not be traveling all the way down to
Austin. boiled down very simply, these
PPAs are largely in energy pricing
arbitrage move and secondarily a green
play for Tesla to acquire those
renewable energy credits. And of course,
Tesla agreeing to buy all of that output
upfront gives Alstra a much easier path
to get the site built to acquire
financing and so on. And so simply when
market prices are higher, Tesla will
receive money from the settlement, but
also when market prices are lower, if
that happens, then Tesla would pay money
under that contract. So over time, this
moves the effective cost of a large
portion of Tesla's electricity use much
closer to that fixed deal that it signs.
So they're not paying for extra power
here. They're basically just adjusting
the cost for the electricity that they
were going to use anyway. I think better
than anything I can say to you guys is
what I can show you. In really just the
past few weeks, I'm now over 30,000
total words on Whisper Flow, the sponsor
of this video. And the 8day streak would
be a lot longer, but typically on
Sundays, I do my best to check out. In
short, Whisper Flow turns the way you
naturally talk into text that's ready to
send in any app and on any device, which
means yes, Whisper Flow works seamlessly
across both mobile and desktop. Let's
say I want to send myself a reminder and
a text message. Don't forget to go to
Wegman's to get a case of Diet Coke for
Ashley. Oh, wait. What's that? Sorry.
Um, get two cases of Coke for Ashley.
And then, um, get me a Kosa. Get me a
case of coconut water as well, organic.
And there you go. You will notice it put
it into a bullet point list and
corrected all of my mistakes, only
ending with the actual intent of what I
said. And you may have noticed it was
all lowercase because I have my
preferences set to be very casual for my
text messaging because that's how I do
it. But what's awesome about Whisper
Flow is in any app that you're using,
you can set custom instructions. So if
you want it to be more formal, there is
a preset setting for that. But you can
also add custom instructions per app.
And perhaps most importantly, let me be
so clear. If you are still typing, you
are wasting so much valuable time. And I
know many of you out there are busy
prompting AI tools. And if you don't
know already, the more context and
information you can give it, the better
output you will get. And Andre Carpathy
literally just said, "A pro tip. Working
with LLMs is a nice long ramble
session." In these cases, I like to lean
back, switch to voice, and just ramble
for 10 minutes. But the problem is the
built-in voice dictation on these
platforms stinks. For example, what did
Tesla say on its Q1 earnings call this
year? Oh, wait, sorry, I forgot. I
wanted to know what did Tesla say on its
Q2 earnings call this year. So, there's
the built-in option with no corrections
applied. A bit more confusing as an
inquiry. And now, Whisper Flow. What did
Tesla say on its Q1 earnings call this
year? Oh, wait, sorry. I meant to say I
want to know what did Tesla say on its
Q2 earnings call this year? Boom.
Eliminates all of your errors and only
ends with your actual intent for the
inquiry. And just look at my stats.
Whisperflow has already corrected over
2,778
mistakes made by me. And here's Whisper
Flow directly in an email. Hey Selena,
these are three things Whisper Flow does
really well. It's insanely fast. It's
insanely accurate. It fixes your
mistakes. And that's what they mean when
they say speak naturally and send
without fixing. Automatically formatted
with a more formal tone for my email
conversations. Automatically adds bullet
points. Nails the name and gets the
punctuation perfect. And I could
honestly talk about this for days, but
one of my favorite features is the
snippets. If you're not familiar, Andre
Carpathy also recently talked about the
LLM Council, and it's really just how
you can make your AI chatbots no longer
sickantic. If you haven't done this,
please do it today. It will change the
game. Actually, let's say hypothetically
somebody out there is mad at Elon, so
they want to start using chat GPT. They
would just navigate to the custom
instructions, activate whisperflow, and
then say insert LLM council, and
immediately it will automatically paste
the entire LLM council right where you
need it, anytime. And truly, that's only
scratching the surface. So, if you guys
want to try it out for yourselves, you
can use my link in the description below
and use my code electrified to get one
month of Whisper Flow Pro for free.
Enjoy. And look at this. Also today,
Tesla and Contour Global have signed a
long-term power agreement covering 1
terowatt hour per year from Contour
Global's Sterling Renewable Project.
This is one of the largest solar plus
battery storage corporate PPAs ever
signed from a single plant in the US.
And this one is a hybrid solar and best
project in Arizona. It's more than 1.4
gatt hours of battery storage and 450
megawatts AC of solar. Substantial
construction of this project started
last year and on-site groundbreaking is
planned for this year and the completion
is expected in 2028 and this deal has
firm transmission rights into
California's Kaiso market. And this deal
is expected to cover about 90% of the
project's annual output. And the CEO of
Contour Global said, "Securing our
biggest PPA ever and one of the largest
of its kind in US renewable history with
an iconic customer like Tesla is a true
symbol of the global energy transition."
And just know when you see MWAC, that's
just megawws alternating current. With
solar projects, that's just the usable
capacity after the inverters convert the
DC power from the solar panels into AC
power that the grid can use. But
importantly for this PPA, it is not just
virtual like the one with the Lumen
solar farm in Texas. This one with
Contour located in Arizona and
physically connected to the Western Area
Power Administration grid which is in
Arizona. This project sterling holds
firm point-to-point transmission rights
to access California's Kaiso and will be
pseudo tied enabling it to serve Tesla's
needs. And just know that pseudo tai
means that California's grid operator
Kaiso can actually treat that Arizona
plant as if it were located in
California when it comes to dispatch and
those services. Now with this one, sadly
we do not know how Tesla plans to
allocate all of this energy it will be
acquiring. But we've been told somehow
it'll be distributed across its needs in
California. And just some real rough
math for context here. This scale would
be equivalent to roughly 30,000 electric
vehicles and their electricity use over
a year. So two deals the same week very
clearly signaling where Tesla thinks its
electricity needs are going and is an
obvious sign of the scale Tesla is
expecting to hit even though things feel
stagnant right now. And a teaser likely
in August I'll have something cool to
share directly related to all of this.
So stay tuned. And if you're thinking,
"Wait, Tesla's making solar panels and
has mega packs, so why not do it
themselves?" Well, it's exactly what
we've said now for really years,
interconnection cues, and upfront costs,
land acquisition, regulatory hurdles,
transformer shortages, the list goes on.
And right now, we have zero public
confirmation, but hypothetically Tesla
could provide the solar panels for this
project and could provide the mega packs
for this project. Personally, I think
the latter would be much more likely,
but for now, the battery provider has
not officially been disclosed. And
remember, these locations aren't set to
come online until later in the decade.
So, we might get future announcements
about a new data center, maybe a Cortex
3. And don't forget what Elon said in
the past, that Optimus would likely
require around 10 times the compute
capacity than the cars need. So training
the optimi to be generalized will
require potentially an order of
magnitude more compute capacity than FSD
for the cars. And I know many of you are
frustrated out there, but zooming out,
Tesla would not do deals like this. They
would not build out the 10 million unit
per year capacity for Optimus if they
didn't have extreme confidence it was
going to work. So at this point, that V3
demo cannot come soon enough. Shifting
to FSD, there was a weird article today
from The Independent. I'm not going to
go through all of it because after
reading it, a lot of it really makes no
sense. The short of it is there was a
Tesla whistleblower who was let go and
now he's suing the company. But this
individual, Javier Madrono, was
responsible for overseeing the testing
of FSD in Houston before the actual robo
taxi launch. But what I will share is
that Madrono was saying that Tesla
internally wanted a 15:1 ratio. Meaning
for every one supervisor, they would be
remotely overseeing 15 test vehicles.
But in this case in Houston, he was
claiming that he was responsible for
overseeing 38 test vehicles and
ultimately he could not handle it. And
to be clear, Madrono was not a remote
operator because that is for the robo
taxi service. This was just for the
testing phase. And this is when we had
safety monitors in the vehicles. And a
taste of the weird stuff in this
article. Madano was saying that he took
a phone call at 2:00 a.m. and he
processed the call while he was
physically asleep. And because he was
sleepdeprived, he provided unsafe
guidance to the operator overseeing the
FSD vehicle. Also weird was he was
arguing an HR rep from Tesla told him to
put his phone into DND mode during
active testing shifts if he didn't want
to be bothered. but his whole role was
to be available if the operators needed
some backup. So, I don't want to waste
your time with the detail, but just know
Madrono is now asking a judge to order
his reinstatement, back pay, front pay,
loss benefits, restitution for the
canceled stock award, compensatory
damages for emotional distress, familial
strain, and severe financial distress,
and punitive damages, plus attorney's
fees and court costs. But an initial
pre-trial conference is scheduled for
November 19th. But the primary reason I
wanted to share this is because back in
June of 2024, that's when Tesla bumped
up the number of FSD testers in Houston
to 38, leaving Madano as the only one
backup lead. And Tesla may not be doing
it similarly in every market. But at the
time, it was across 24-hour daily
testing on three continuous shifts, AM,
PM, and graveyard. But my point this was
at least two years of testing for Tesla
before they actually launched the robo
taxi service in Houston. Now of course
as Ashoke told us over time these
timelines will come down with new
cities. But be reminded just because we
see Tesla testing in a new city does not
mean a launch is imminent. As of Monday
night this week, Aron said that he was
now able to book a ride after 8:00 p.m.
for the first time. And he said, "This
is crazy because even in Austin, night
rides are still supervised." But he did
say the service did end at 8:30 p.m. in
Houston. But as I've said before, the
robo taxi start times and end times
city-toc fluctuate seemingly every week.
When it comes to Austin, I cannot
comment on the reliability of this
tracking that Abby Manu is doing, but he
seems to be out there tracking unique
plates and he seems to believe that
there are around 55 unsupervised robo
taxis in Austin. Now, I would push back
saying we don't know that that number is
always active on the road. This number
is going to fluctuate dayto-day, but I
wanted to pass it along because my
estimate of 30 from last week might be a
bit low. But as we learned last week,
remember the number of cars is not the
metric to track. It really is the number
of unsupervised miles per week. And it's
at this point I think it's worth sharing
that Tesla solving autonomy does not
automatically translate to a scalable
robo taxi network. The amount of
physical and logistical infrastructure
Tesla needs around it is massive.
Charging, cleaning, maintenance,
repairs, tires, windshields, body
repair, camera inspection, calibration,
interior cleaning, vehicle recovery,
accident response, customer support,
remote assistance, lost item handling,
passenger emergencies, police and first
responder coordination, depots, parts
inventories, technicians, field response
teams, operations managers, and
eventually all of this is going to have
to work 24/7. And how about Tesla's
fleet positioning? because we know
they're hyperfocused on the efficiency
of each vehicle. The software doesn't
just need to know where the riders are.
It needs to predict where they're going
to be. Where should they be in the
morning? How about midday? What about at
night? What about when there are events
in the city? Because for these vehicles
to be maximally efficient, they have to
reduce the dead head miles. And this is
all part of the software Tesla needs to
build. This is the path to maximize the
vehicle utilization while minimizing the
rider weight times. And until Tesla has
a better handle on all of these flows,
we are not likely to see the scale we
want. Even things like charging
optimization, you wouldn't want most of
the Cyber Cab or Model Y fleet charging
at peak hours. So Tesla is gathering
valuable data. battery state of charge,
the predicted demand, the vehicle
location, charger availability, the
expected trip lengths, maintenance
requirements, local electricity demand
and pricing, and that expected future
positioning of both the vehicles and the
riders. Because listen, when we get to
10,000 and 100,000 and eventually a
million robo taxis, even the smallest of
improvements with all of these factors
will have enormous economic outcomes.
And as we've discussed, Tesla is working
on pickup and drop off. And that might
be more of a mapping and routing issue
than it is an FSD issue. And this early
on, Tesla still has pretty significant
regulatory hurdles for each new city. So
eventually down the line, Tesla will
have more of a template it can deploy in
different cities. But for now, it's
still building all of that out with each
new launch. So the number of vehicles
might be small but Tesla is busy
building cyber cabs, expanding the
operations, accumulating unsupervised
miles, developing V15, increasing AI
compute, improving training and
inference, learning from these demand
patterns, building fleet management
systems, hiring operations personnel,
developing the charging infrastructure,
building the maintenance and field
response capabilities, working with the
first responders, learning customer
support, working through regulatory
requirements, learning what breaks and
how often it breaks, learning how many
humans are required behind the scenes.
And for all of these things, Tesla is
busy trying to find ways to automate
this wherever it's possible. So, all of
these activities are busy behind the
scenes generating the operating data
Tesla needs. So, I'm not excusing poor
expectations being set, but I do want to
encourage people that there is so much
happening behind the scenes that I think
you and I overlook because we get so
hyperfocused on the number of vehicles.
But Tesla is sprinting to build the
foundation as safely and as efficiently
as possible. And at some point, Tesla is
going to begin harvesting the fruits of
its labor. And Tesla will then be
operating a service at scale that no
one, and I mean no one, has any chance
of competing with. So, I know a lot of
you are sick of hearing it, but I'm
telling you, it's going to be worth the
wait. And shout out to my guy Jay for
inspiring that segment. And as Axio
Charlotte said, Tesla now has 14 cyber
cabs and 14 Model Y's with Texas plates
in a Charlotte area lot. And as we know,
Charlotte has been nowhere in Tesla's
official materials. So, like I said,
Tesla might test here in Charlotte for 6
to9 months and might not launch until
next year. But this scenario right here
is currently happening in dozens of US
cities, some of which we haven't even
heard about. And as we know, all of
these farods out there, if you're new,
the cyber cabs with wheels and pedals
for testing, the word is the wheel and
pedals can be removed for robo taxi
deployment likely in a matter of hours.
And if I had to guess, Tesla has 1,500
cyber cabs deployed across the country
right now. And some are doing winter
testing in places like New Zealand. And
as Tasha from Arc Invest just said,
after Whimo's launch in Phoenix in 2020,
it took Whimo 5 years to reach five
cities. And since Tesla's launch in
Austin roughly one year ago, Tesla has
launched a robo taxi service in seven
cities. So, as I always say, Whimo is
not the standard. It's not a great
comparison, but I do think it's
important context. And as we know,
Whimo's had a host of its own problems
that never gets reported on. And now
Whimo's considering ending its
partnership with Uber. The companies
have increasingly clashed over
operational and commercial issues. Whimo
raised concerns about the cleanliness
and routing of its vehicles, while Uber
criticized the sudden unavailability of
Whimo vehicles during bad weather and
argued the partnership has unsustainable
financial terms. Which is why I always
say Whimo scaling numbers really don't
matter because it is still unprofitable.
So, I don't care if Whimo scales to
10,000 vehicles next week if it's not
profitable. It's not sustainable. So,
right now, Whimo and Uber are still
partnered in Austin and Atlanta, but
that might be ending soon. It's just
internal conversations for now, but
after this coming out, it seems quite
likely. And remember, Whimo and Uber
already ended their partnership in
Phoenix. And it begs the question, what
does this mean for Riven? Because Rivian
and Uber were set to deploy 50,000 fully
autonomous robo taxis. But as we've
covered, Uber is taking a more
adversarial tone to fully driverless
operations. So the takeaway here, just
know this partnership route that many of
these other AV companies are planning to
take is not the way. It brings with it
so many logistical and alignment
challenges that it's really not
sustainable long term. So, while all
these other companies are back and
forth, fumbling around, trying to figure
out what to do, Tesla is laser focused,
sprinting, vertically integrating
everything to do it on its own. Hear me
when I say this will be the winning
strategy in the end. And we have David
Moss out here now over 20,000 m on his
FSD streak. And as Ashoke said, AI
driving coast to coast without
interventions was supposed to be a big
deal. kind of like the touring test for
self-driving, but went breezing by. So,
look, I know this March of the Nines is
so painful for many of us, but let's not
forget that no other company is anywhere
near being able to pull off anything
like this. So, just do not let that be
lost on you. And I want to give a quick
special shout out to David Moss and
Spencer who have been doing awesome work
with FSD and reporting on the ground and
going location to location. So, if
you're not following these guys on X,
make it a point to do so. I will have
both of their accounts linked below. And
if you guys see this, I just want to say
thank you for all of your work. And most
importantly, thank you for being
objective and sharing the bad with the
good. And a small quality of life
improvement. Tesla's robo taxi service
now has the turn signals and hazard
lights completely silent. And just to
clarify, the robo taxi account did say
this is only in unsupervised vehicles.
If you're looking to order a Model Y in
Canada, right now the online
configurator is showing expected
delivery dates at the end of 2026, some
into 2027. Part of it is Model Y's are
being shipped to Canada from Gigab
Berlin now, but the other part of it is
Model Y sales in Canada are up nearly
80% in the first half of this year. Now,
yes, it's coming from a low base thanks
to the tariff situation last year, but
Model Y demand in most of the world is
very strong right now. And don't forget
Tesla added around 200,000 FSD
subscriptions in Q2 alone. Now, can
Tesla sustain that growth rate for a
whole year? I'm not sure. We'll find
out. But that data point should be very
encouraging for when FSD gets approved
broadly in the EU. Right now, Tesla's
dealing with a dispute with one of its
suppliers when it comes to Cybertruck
production. This battle is with Angstrom
Automotive Group and this company
intends to close a manufacturing site in
Troy, Texas, where it produces parts for
the Cybertruck and the Model Y. Angstrom
has refused to ship about 700 finished
Tesla parts that are crucial for
Cybertruck production. These include
large diecast machinery, trim dyes,
fixtures, cutting tools, gauges, and
X-ray inspection gear. Tesla said no
other supplier can currently produce
these parts and changing the tooling
would take months. So Angstrom thought
it had some leverage, but Tesla is now
asking a federal judge for emergency
access to Angstrom's plant so it can
move out the tooling parts it says it
owns. Tesla said it's not interested in
damages. It just wants to retrieve its
property. And on the matter, Joe Tetmeer
shared Tesla's onhand inventory could
run out in mere days. And apparently
this Angstrom company is demanding
$250,000
a week from Tesla on top of the existing
purchase orders just to keep the
facility running. And Tesla is saying,
"Hey, they're holding our equipment for
ransom." And last week, some Tesla
personnel showed up with law enforcement
at the site and they were denied entry.
So then two days after Tesla filed this
emergency lawsuit and maybe there's more
to the story, but for now Tesla's just
saying, "Hey, we just want to get our
equipment. That's all." So basically,
Angstrom is trying to close a plant that
it ended up acquiring last year. And as
part of this windown process, they're
trying to get better terms from Tesla
because they feel like they have this
leverage. And I'm not surprised this
supplier, Angstrom, just went through a
six-year court fight that ended in a $30
million judgment and a subsidiary that
went through chapter 11 because of it.
So, it sounds like this Angstrom company
might be struggling on its own. But this
case is very new and either way, not
great timing as Tesla is trying to ramp
Cybertruck production right now to
deliver the lower price trim. Tesla said
in the past 4 months, supervised FSD has
been over 5.2 2 times safer than manual
driving across 65 million km, which is
roughly 40 million miles in five EU
countries, which means FSD is doing
roughly 10 million miles every month
across these five EU countries. And in
the fine print, about 26 million of
those miles have been on the highway,
and the remaining 14 million have been
non-highway. There have been zero
collisions on the highway, and Tesla
said there's been six collisions on
non-highway roads. We don't have any
detail about fault or explanations for
those six collisions, but Tesla
primarily called out 5.2 times fewer
collisions in the FSD approved
countries. So hopefully the rest of the
countries dragging their feet will see
this data and begin to understand how
much safer it is because this is real
data in real countries from customers on
real roads, not just in a test
environment. And a small part of why I'm
such an adamant supporter of Tesla, it's
now offering free supercharging at
select locations in France and Spain for
wildfire relief. I'll save this SpaceX
segment for the next upload, but Tesla
stock closed the day at $3744
down.58%
while SpaceX closed at $11641
up 2.56%.
This while the NDX was down.98%.
Don't forget, check out Whisper Flow
links below. I'm telling you, you will
not go back. I literally pay for the pro
service out of my own pocket and I'm now
up over 38,000 total words. So, this
really is something I use almost every
day and all the time. Hope you all have
a wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.