Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       SURPRISE News For Tesla Robotaxi From Germany
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyJXa5vH35k
Published:   2026-08-24 19:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-24 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live on this very interesting
day. The market absolutely slaughtering
Tesla against the upcoming Cyber Cap
launch. Who cares? There was a recall
today in China and it affects 3 million
Teslas. They have probably to go back to
their shops and get a little sticker.
And the market thinks why not sell off
Tesla
near 50week lows right into Cyber Cap
launch. A very interesting test of our
patience for everyone who is excited
about Cyber Cap launch on September 3rd.
That is nine days away in my opinion.
Potentially a hugely transformational
moment in my opinion. We are firmly on
our path back to alltime highs 488 this
year if everything gets goes even
roughly according to the new plan. But
let's see the market clearly not
reacting as we would think today. But
today's session is about interesting
news from Germany. And normally it's not
that important what happens in Europe.
Europe is normally behind. U Europe is
normally all about well let's see if we
can catch up to the United States in
terms of regulatory improvements for FSD
for Tesla for Tesla's new technologies.
But here we actually have a case that is
very very interesting. So, this is in
German, but I will explain to you. Maybe
I can even click on translation, show
translation here, and I can read you the
translation and explain what that
potentially means and why it's actually
very big news. It is very big news for
robo taxi and Tesla because German, a
German state of Brandenburg in the
northeast, the state surrounding Berlin,
former Prussia in case you didn't know.
So Brandenburg, beautiful uh actually my
grandma from Brandenburg. So there you
have it. This is what's happening in
Brandenburg. It has huge repercussions.
We will go through some math in a
second. It has a math in a second. It
has huge repercussions for Roboaxi, for
the TAM, the total addressable market of
Roboaxi. And in my opinion, this unlocks
a 2 million robo taxi TAM. 2 million
additional TAM. Let me explain why.
First of all, what happened?
Brandenburgg in talks with Tesla about
autonomous shuttles. Brandenburgg's
transport minister Robert Kumbach from
the social democrats confirms that his
ministry is currently in discussions
with Tesla about driverless vehicles,
but the idea autonomous shuttles are to
be integrated into the existing ondemand
bus system in the future, especially in
rural areas. Let me explain. In Germany
and many other European countries, if
you are in a rural area and you do not
have connectivity with buses,
which means your rural area is so rural
that it's not worth connecting you with
a constant bus schedule. You can
schedule buses manually. You can say, "I
want to get picked up at 5." And then if
there's enough people wanting that, you
get picked up by the bus.
It's a little complicated, but it solves
the problem. And that is very important
for a lot of people in the United
States. I don't know if that's actually
happening anywhere. I've never been in a
rural area in the United States, but
it's a smart solution. The problem is
it's still complicated. It's a lot of
costs incurred on the communities
because you have to prepare these on
demand buses and then you have to send
them. It's like a big mess, right? But
you can't just cut off your people. So
now Chromeach highlights a specific
problem. In some regions, a regular bus
doesn't run all at all due to low demand
or only twice a day. At the same time,
there's a shortage of drivers. And Krum
goes even further. As soon as the
necessary legal approvals and permits
are in place, he can very well imagine a
comprehensive
deployment of autonomous shuttles in
rural Brandenburg.
Imagine that in the United States.
Imagine South Dakota. Even imagine Texas
and we're not talking about Dallas,
Houston or Austin. We're talking about
West Texas, right? What about West
Texas? What about And we have it even in
Pennsylvania where we spotted a bunch of
robo taxis 200 miles away from Philly.
And I said it before that it was a
theory of mine here in Pioneer Lands. We
had the thesis that there is a new use
case between public transports and ride
share because the costs are so effective
that you can actually deploy cyber caps
and robo taxis in rural areas in a way
that gives people the opportunity to
actually get around and unlock through a
new lowcost
spread out solution. Give them the
opportunity to do it. And that's
probably probably and here comes the
interesting thing subsidized by the
state because the state has to spend
millions and tens of millions. I mean
Brandanburg you can be guaranteed spends
tens of millions of euros on this
infrastructure just in remote areas. So
yes you can charge a dollar per mile in
this situation. Maybe you can charge 50
cents, maybe you can charge 20 cents,
but it would be subsidized. You would
get the money from the state to do it
and for the state it's much cheaper. For
the people it's much more effective.
Everyone would be incredibly happy.
State saves money. Still spends money
but saves it and the people suddenly
have access. That's the magic of
autonomous transport. And what does it
mean for te for not for Texas too but
for robo taxi? I did a little bit quick
math here
and we can assume in the United States
roughly 52 million people live in rural
areas and I already excluded those in
very remote rural areas where this
doesn't work and I excluded the rural
people who are already well connected.
So that leaves you with roughly 50
million people and in Europe it's
actually 120 million people who live in
kind of disconnected rural areas. So
combined 170 million people and that's
roughly roughly 2 million robo taxis
that would be required to cover these
people. And the math is very simple.
This is like back of back of the napkin
back of chd math. Sorry I didn't use
grock here. I use chpd. But here's
what's happening. If you assume
15 to 20 passenger trips per day for one
robo taxi. So it's much fewer trips
because they have to go further, right?
And the average resident generates 0.2
robo taxi trips a day. So let's assume
the average resident has to needs one
trip per week, which is conservative,
but let's say one trip per week. So
that's the assumption here. One trip per
week per resident affected per these 170
million people. So basically you have
170 million trips per week if you would
cover the entire thing. This is about
the total addressable market. Of course
it's not happening overnight. But once a
state like Brandenburgg an important
German state proves out this model
provides the economics to all the other
states in Germany they will look at it.
Then the other Europeans look at it then
the Americans look at it. There's a
ripple effect because states need to
solve these kinds of problems. And that
is just one example how robo taxi you
through massive disruption in price, no
driver cost and massive improvement in
convenience. Imagine you are like a
little like I don't know farmer
somewhere without a car. Not a farmer.
Farmers have cars. But in Europe you
have a lot of people who don't have
cars. By the way, don't forget that they
don't have cars. Or it's a family. I
know actually a bunch of people like
that. It's a family. They have one car.
They live in a village and it's four
people. It's five people. And then
someone has the car. Maybe the husband
needs to go somewhere and then the other
five sit there. What if the wife wants
to go to town and they only have one
car? Even if they have two cars, which
is more rare in Europe, then the the
other five are sitting there. That's why
you need these, you know, it's not that
they don't have cars. It's sometimes
someone has the car and then they're
gone and the other person has to go and
there's no bus. Boom.
So this is a very pragmatic and concrete
example of what could happen and I think
it is very astonishing and cool that we
see that coming from Germany because
someone has to do this blueprint and I'm
very proud of the Brandenburgers
to actually do that. So here's Marusha
Alamina. Here is the newspaper that
covers that Brandenburg is betting on
Tesla uh will soon drive autonomous
shuttles through the villages.
Uh and it actually says Brandenburgg is
orientating orients itself
uh on a model or pilot trial in the
Eiffel that's another region in Germany.
uh one uh self-driving Tesla
is currently
uh driving on the in the roads but I
think the Eiffel examp
subsidized states have to solve these
problems they have budgets to do all
these things I think Tesla can do it
better and it's a very very exciting
situation and that's just one example
example why I think people massively
underestimate the number of robo taxis
that will be needed once this thing
works.
All of that ties of course into
September 3rd, the launch of Cyber Cap,
the big event. You know all about it and
this big event we will cover here of
course in real time. We have some
here. No sound. I think this is from
Houston. Someone pointed out they are
pazads. So they have they have actually
steering wheels. But this now comes all
together. We see these German pilots. We
see Austin and Houston
lining up with more and more of these
cyber caps.
And this is all coming together very
nicely. We have the cyber caps here.
Look at this. Whoa.
So let's go to the comments. Let's see
what you guys think about this.
I think big things are happening.
Let's see what we have today. We have to
be a little short.
What is your take on treasury selling
short-term T bills and purchase
long-term debt dollar debasement?
Well, this is like a it's best in
playing some games. It's uh how do you
call this curve engineering? What I
forgot the word ter uh curve
yield curve warping what is it twisting
where you are just buying shortterm uh
selling short-term buying long-term
bringing down long-term yields to
manipulate the long-term yield. It's
just what's happening. Of course,
debasement. There's no doubt about
debasement.
Hello Droid is back. Street Crate Zero.
My new theory. If the market can do
something that feels like trolling
Tesla, it will 100%. We should ignore
these things. I mean, this is just
complete and utter madness. What's
happening here? One minute to go. I
mean, what are you going to do? Just buy
Tesla. That's what I'm doing. I'm a
little maxed out right now. But that's
why I'm not too happy. I had to actually
derisk because I'm too right now too
leveraged in this thing and this is not
very good for me. But I will survive.
Uh I remain extremely bullish. They're
just trolling us, these people. What the
hell is this? 349
9 days before official cyber cap launch.
You got to be kidding me. But that's why
you have to always be cautious. The
market can do whatever they want. And
there's a lot of games being played
here. So, make sure you're never getting
squeezed out. That is the key.
If you have another drop like this
tomorrow, it wouldn't be very good for
me. Don't tell anyone. Don't tell Ken
Griffin.
Uh
RW
Hirs, I love it. I've been shifting some
palent to Tesla lately. I mean, Tesla is
just the best deal in the universe. Look
at this. 384
madness.
Anyone who has money knows what to do
with it right now. Portland, Oregon in
the 1990s used to have a custom bus for
late night. Oh, that's very good to
know. Portland, Oregon. People could
call in. Exactly. That's exactly the
thing street criteria that's happening
all over Europe.
The reason is that the ratio of
Palenteer to Tesla has been above.5
which is rare for the last six years.
Palente is high and Tesla should pop
soon hopefully. I agree.
The German never believes there's no
faith. The Germans are stubborn and not
willing to give up their former lead in
the automo industry. Well, it's not
about if they're willing to give it up.
It's already too late.
I just can't imagine Palante doubling
from this point before Tesla does. Seems
inconceivable. I 1 million% agree. Cyber
cap rollout will slow be slow in more
liberal US cities. Too many people rely
on Uber lift and a bunch of caps get
dumped onto the city. There'll be a
local government revolt. Interesting.
I mean, this will all be very
interesting. I think you make a very
good point. I don't know how this is
going to play out in terms of
resistance, but let's see. I'm ter of
the psycho left tearing it all down. I I
really think well I I don't know what
they think. But um let's see what
happens.
I've only heard about one large scale
charger built out application. Where are
all these other for these cities? Thank
you, Joe. and the pioneers petty the
Irishman with
a little lucky
uh thing from Ireland. Very good. Um I'm
not concerned about these chargers. It's
so easy to build these chargers. It's
not even a thing. I think they have it
absolutely covered. Worst case, they can
even use their existing char. You look
at through Austin, you have so many
charging stations, superchargers all
over the place and at night, no one uses
them. There's a clear arbitrage here. go
to existing superchargers and use the
cyber caps on it. It's beautiful.
It surprises me that analysts still view
Tesla as just a car company. Is that the
case, Kevin?
I hope not. That would be very dumb
analysts.
Uh so that is the situation here. I find
this extremely interesting. And that is
of course not all the news we have on
Tesla, but we have a ton of news on
SpaceX. But this will be a different
video by the way. Uh Nvidia and SpaceX
are going at it. I can tell you a little
bit about it. But uh they are basically
they announced Nvidia announced that
they aim for Q4 2027 to launch the
satellite with a custom Vera Rubin rack.
Uh the 72 what is it? NVL72
rack is now here. The NVL72 system which
is I think 12 Reubins. I forgot this 240
kilowatt thing. Um that is the AI
version one satellite design too and
that is amazing. Absolutely amazing.
Just as a little side note that happened
today. I'm working on an updated weekly
brief system that will make it even more
amazing and even more efficient to
produce. So I'm starting to post weekly
brief news on X. It's getting pulled
into the Pioneer Lands system and will
then be turned into the weekly brief
that's happening.
Juice DX. How much have you missed?
A lot. You missed the 2 million robo
taxi
news. You see it right here. Show
translation. The Germans are launching
or doing a pilot for rolling out robo
taxis in rural areas to cover the entire
state of Brandenburg.
Hares I treat as one more bullish piece
of the puzzle rather than a reason by
itself to chase the stock today. Of
course, it's another piece of the
puzzle. It just confirms that these news
will keep popping up and I think it's
going to be huge.
Very huge. I'm just super annoyed today
with this stock. Look at this disaster
of a stock. The Chinese recall might
have been the reason, but this is like
the most phony phony thing I've ever
heard. Uh, let me see where my post is
here. By the way, not investment advice,
but I posted this meme here. You can
look at it. Diversifying portfolio. Look
at all the healthy little fruits and a
bunch of snow. More Tesla shares. Boom.
But I said this is not investment
advice, okay? not advice.
Uh Petty the Irishman is Brandenburg the
area where AFD is doing well? Well, yes,
it's doing well. It's it's part of the
East German uh states, but the AFD is
doing best in Zaxon Anhal, which is
south of it, and in Tingia, which is
south of Zaxon Anhalt. It's also doing
great in meland book for Pomman. Uh that
is to the north of it. I can show you.
What about this Germany?
German states AFD. Let's see. What do we
see here? Images.
Maybe I can show you something. Well,
here you see this cool image.
Oh god, so much trash. These trash pages
here. This is a very important image.
This is actually outdated. That was a
few years ago. And the blue is where the
AFD dominates and the black is where the
CDU dominates. By the way, you see that
all of Germany is either AFD or CDU,
which is very interesting. Only some
cities that have a lot of voters, of
course, are red social democrats. And
these greens, they are the delusional
people. And there's one little AFD part
in West Germany, but the entire East
Germany is firmly in AFD hand. And by
the way, AFD is number two in many of
these West German states. So this is
very interesting. And and Brandenburgg
is basically here roughly. This is
Berlin, right? This black and pink. Pink
is communists by the way. Uh black and
pink. These are this is Berlin. And then
surrounding Berlin, you have
Brandenburg.
That's where it is.
So you know what's going on there.
Uh, I wanted to do something. What is
this?
What is that here?
Uh,
oh, by the way, another news I posted
here. Look at this amazing thing. Did
you know this is a 10 million Optimus
factory that is being built here? 10
million Optimus.
It's amazing how the marketing knows all
these things.
10 million of I I
good
discount discount
retail and the options free harder and
higher. Exactly. be a little happy
right now.
Ghost Ken says, "I think Tesla price
will run up into 93, but if the number
of cars released aren't in this
predicate, stock will go back down."
Yes, I mean, it's pretty much a safe bet
that we will have a sale in this event.
If we run up, and I agree, but
today's one of these days to test my
patience. I think we should run into the
400s.
And you know how Tesla behaves. If it
wants to go to 400, why not drop it by
$13 today cuz it's more volatility.
People love volatility.
I think institutional traders are
implementing a low-key informal program
of discouraging retail Tesla holders.
100% street credit zero. For everyone
who thinks market manipulation and
everything is like a conspiracy theory,
welcome to Ashen Brena and Ken Griffin.
Look at what happened on July 31st. H
and 30th. Really? That was not
manipulation. It was hardcore target. If
you think Tesla is not target of that,
you're wrong. So,
I have to wrap it up in a second. I need
to make it short today. But I wanted to
show you
something. I forgot what I posted it
somewhere here. Elon Nvidia,
it is me. My new Schwarz.
Damn it. What was it? I had such a
I forgot. Oh, the software recall. Yes,
exactly. I posted something why the
stock is down.
Here, here we have it. Yes. Not just a
software recall that requires physical
intervention. It's a recall that
requires physical intervention. So,
what happened is there is a safety
issue. There's a 3 million car recall in
China. And this time they have to recall
the cars to go back to the shop and they
need to put little stickers on them. And
I said, even if that's just 10 bucks in
average cost, maybe it's 10 bucks for
China. Who knows? 10 bucks.
You know, it's $30 million in earnings
hit. Not great. So that's why the stock
is down a little bit. Uh, you know, 10
million 30 million that's roughly a
percent or whatever. It's roughly a
percent of earnings. So it's like 1% of
Tesla. Tesla should be down 1% today and
the market is down. So, you know, if you
do the math, you know, Tesla is down
3.8%.
Uh NASDAQ is down 76. Tesla has a beta
of two. So, it should be down 1.5% and
then this news drags it down another
percent with a little bit of panic
another percent and then you have your
3%. So, it kind of makes sense, but
given the robot taxi launch, it's of
course completely ridiculous. But that
is part of the game. That is why we need
to be smart. You can't make that return
without stress.
Very simple.
Chris Rap there was you. If Apple were
to release Cyber Taxi, the writers would
be getting in line at every Apple store
since last week and the stock would be
30 to 50%. This market is confused. Yes,
I mean, you're totally right.
Uh
video soundtrack is massively loud.
I don't I can barely hear it. It's so
weird. This is so weird.
Musk said SpaceX revenue will be 90%
plus AI. That is true. Tesla is no
longer a car company is AI company. Will
Musk have two AI companies? Merger is
coming. Of course.
Uh Hares. Well,
I dissed a little bit which is very
annoying. losing a little bit of my big
fat trade. But uh it's always important
uh you should never be too scared.
There's a old trading rule. You should
always have a position where you can
sleep at night. Meaning you should not
be in a situation where you just have to
pray that nothing bad happens overnight.
So I think big picture is another big
drop tomorrow would be incredibly
unlikely unless this is some form of
trap. Um,
I don't understand what's going on with
this whole sound problem here all the
time.
Uh,
China stamp text.
As an investor, I cannot remember a
single quarterly call or product release
event that meaningfully moved the stock
higher. Well, but I can re I can
remember events that moved the stock
higher into the event.
At one point I was maintaining the
hedging integration for a pro
multinational trading division. My boss
used to say a million here a million
there business as usual. Exactly. She
said that when one of my bugs was
causing millions of exposure every five
minutes.
Yes.
Okay guys, let's wrap it up.
We have it
all covered for today.
We will track this little dropping
disaster here, but
I don't think
it's going to get much worse. We also
have to understand the big picture. You
know, the stock can only be so stupid
for so long and it's already being very
stupid. So, this is so ridiculously
massively undervalued that I really
don't think
it can stay down here for too long. But
let's see.
Uh we have consumers that have been Elon
bad for a while now. They will just lose
out overall but that is a market segment
that can be ignored but can be throttled
current diversify. Not for me exactly.
Okay guys, thanks for tuning in. We
continue tomorrow. We are in the race
for the next nine days to Cyber Cap
launch. Let's see what the market comes
up with.