Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Stock Get Back To $490? Iran, SpaceX and WEEKLY OUTLOOK
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYDnzE0BVsE
Published:   2026-05-24 16:34 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-24 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

the week ahead for Tesla, maybe multiple
weeks ahead. And in order to do so, in
order to have good predictions here for
Tesla, the stock, this all decisive AGI
master, we also have to understand the
macro situation and take a little bit a
look at Starship and the amazing things
that happened on Friday. First of all,
you remember that I had a prediction. I
had a prediction that Tesla is going to
go back to 490 in no time. Some have
criticized me. I made it here. I made it
here. I think once it hit 400 around
here, I said we are going back to 490 to
all-time highs because that's where
Tesla belongs. It is a stock that is
behind its all-time highs. And we have
been there six months ago. Not really
six months, five months ago. On December
16th, we hit 490. The Q1 was a slide
down as I predicted, but I also said we
are going back up there because Tesla is
a stronger company than ever before.
And I made this prediction around 400
that well I made the prediction at 350.
We are going back to 400 in no time
because this is oversold. And at 400 I
said we going back to 490 in no time. We
made it to 450 and then took a big hit
together with the market because the
market suddenly had a little bit of a
scare and I ran an oil scare, a bond
yield scare and that dragged Tesla also
back down to 395.
So will we see a second attempt? That is
the big question for the weeks ahead.
And it's all solely not totally solely
but it's mostly a question of the macro
situation which is mostly or exclusively
a question of the straight of hormuz and
if we get peace there and if this is all
going according to plan
there's a little bit effect of starship
of course of SpaceX and the IPO that I
think will be bullish for Tesla. Some
people were afraid that people sell
their Tesla shares to buy into the IPO.
I think that's not really a problem. I
think it's more interesting how well the
IPO goes and if it goes very well, we
will also see Tesla benefiting from that
because of the merger fantasies. So
that's roughly the bigger situation and
I want to jump right into what is
actually going on. So we have that big
question here. We are coming at this
from a Tesla angle. Uh but have to
understand the market at large. So Tesla
stock back to 400 in the second attempt
after this oneweek rejection from 450. I
say yes because I made very clear we are
going back to 490 as long as the markets
keep going up. And the question whether
the markets keep going up is a total
total function of exactly this year. The
question whether
Trump and Iran get their stuff together
and actually can open up the straight of
Hormus again. And we have some pretty
promising news. First of all, before we
go into the news, why was this all
predictable? Because the straight of
Hammoose, the closure of the straight of
Hammoose is unacceptable as a situation
both for the United States. They cannot
live with that. It's not an option and
not for the Iranians and the Chinese. So
there's massive pressure behind the
scenes on the Iranians from the Chinese.
And there is of course extreme pressure
on President Trump to actually get this
thing reopened. And so not surprisingly
now that it's all coming to a close and
if we don't open this trade of formoose
we will see a lot of problems uh very
soon. So the clock is ticking. That is
why I was pretty sure I'm right about
the prediction that the Iran war is
over. I said this I think three weeks
ago. It's de facto over because if you
look at the greater constellation this
is not about nukes. It's not not about
Israel. is not about anything. It is
about a forcing function where the world
economy and the US economy and the
domestic political situation in the US
forces Trump to not escalate while also
the world and the Chinese put pressure
on the Iranians to stop this whole
thing. It's just not sustainable. That's
why I said it's much more likely than
not that it's over. And we just had
these updates from today
um that we are basically working now on
the finalized agreement. There was a lot
of movement on Saturday
uh here that Trump said to CB CBS news
earlier Sunday uh Saturday that
negotiators were getting a lot closer to
finalizing an agreement. Sus told CBS
news that at the time the latest
proposal included a process to reopen
the trade for Moose. the unfreezing of
some Iranian assets held in foreign
banks and a continuation of
negotiations.
Iran's semiofficial FARC news agency
said Saturday that even in the event of
a possible agreement, the straight of
Hamus will be under Iranian management.
I expect that too. I think Iran has most
of the cards in their hands. They will
just keep this trade with it tall.
Everyone will pay their money. Iran will
basically get paid for the damages
incurred from everyone going through the
strait. I think that will be part of the
outcome because Iran will not agree to
anything else and we can just whatever
gloss over that. Of course that's a
strategic problem or loss. Uh but um
we also see of course Netanyahu being
unhappy with this whole thing.
uh
Netanyahu said in this agreement the
nuclear threat must be eliminated
but that's not going to happen. Of
course the ayatollah or whatever his
name is also made clear that there will
be no negotiations on getting the
nuclear dust out of Iran. So this is not
happening in total. It's good news that
we have the negotiations progressing. I
think Trump knows he has to open the
straight. I think it's also clear Iran
will charge at all. I think there will
maybe rebrand it not as a tall so it's
more livable with it. I think on the
nuclear I think there will be some
agreement that Iran agrees to something
but of course not to anything with teeth
and then it's over the whole thing. I
think that is the most likely outcome
here because and that is a rule in
history and in global politics and
geostrate strategy. There's a lot of
talk around all kinds of things, but
it's always just about money because
money rules the world and you cannot do
things that piss the people with money
off. And if there's one thing that
pisses them off is to keep the trade
closed. So, this will be over.
Of course, there was tail risk. There
was tail risk, but my assessment was
three weeks ago, the tail risk is just
5% that someone loses control over
something, but the pressure was too
high. So now we are seeing that why is
that important? Because that relieves
that takes out of the equation the
biggest risk factor for Tesla and for
the rally. Because if you combine that
news that Iran is now more and more
confirmed to be over uh with the Nvidia
earnings that was a hard confirmation
that the age of AGI is in full swing
that there is not even the slightest
hint of a bubble which was obvious of
course but now we have a hard validation
point again with Nvidia. So the
combination of Nvidia and Iran being
over
says we are ready to run again and that
will that would mean Tesla goes back to
490. If you look at the NASDAQ
and the greater constellation here you
also see that the NASDAQ has rallied
like insane
now has of course taken a hit together
with Tesla here. That was the little hit
Friday, Monday last week, uh Friday the
week before. Uh but in the larger scheme
of things, you see that there is a giant
run up since 2023.
And if you continue that line up, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom, we are now a
little above the trend line.
Uh so what does that mean? I think given
the bullishness, it's not even
inconceivable that we are even changing
their trend line a little further,
steeper up because margins and profits
are just absolutely exploding. The
opposite of a bubble, not stock prices
are exploding. The PE ratios are
actually going down. Of course, not for
SpaceX and Tesla, but for everyone else
that is driving that market. So I do
think we are not far above the trend
line and it's completely conceivable
that the trend line actually steepens
from here. So that is very very bullish.
Altogether I would say we could have a
second leg of the rally very likely
starting next week. I think Tesla ran up
a lot of course shortterm. So I don't
know if it keeps running right away. I
hope not because I have to fix something
on the trading side. So I might be out
of the market on Tuesday. I hope not.
But let's see.
Um that's the cost of
institutionalization. You have a lot of
like organizational stuff going on. But
generally I think we are on track. So I
will get risk back on. I was of course
much more risk off last week. I still
have to do the assessment. I think we
are probably slightly negative alpha
behind Tesla because Tesla went up so
crazy but marginal probably 1% or
something. So that is kind of the
situation. The second thing I wanted to
discuss today is of course SpaceX
because you know that I covered this and
SpaceX is a very important second
catalyst much less important than Iran
for Tesla but or for the market but it's
important to watch because
the SpaceX IPO will have an effect on
Tesla and
I think in a positive way. Some people
were concerned people are selling their
Tesla shares to buy into SpaceX. I have
always doubted that theory because Tesla
is where it is in terms of share price
for a reason. There is a rational
market. If people sell Tesla just to get
liquidity, someone else will buy a Tesla
because the price is not randomly where
it is. People have actually extensive
models. Pioneer Reserve and I have
models. We are buying at certain prices.
Other people too. Dan Ies has models. JP
Morgan has models, Morgan Stanley has
models. So they're not just going to
sell to create liquidity. We talking
about $75 billion in IPO.
70% of that from institutions. There
will be minute effects on Tesla just on
a liquidity side. But the success of
SpaceX will influence Tesla in a
positive correlated sense. If SpaceX
would implode, no pun intended, explode,
I think it would harm Tesla stock. I
think it's very important that SpaceX
does well because people eye the merger
at some point in the future.
By the way, I become a little less I
decrease my probability that it happens
this year. I think it's just too big of
a of a lift. Also, no pun intended. So
many pun puns here. Uh it's too much of
a lift this year to happen in my
opinion. It's too big. More likely next
year or maybe even end of next year or
the year after. we have a little time.
So all these debates we have to chill
out and trust the process a little bit.
However, I think the success of SpaceX
will be tied to some extent into Tesla's
share price and vice versa. If SpaceX
does very very well, I think it is
bullish for Tesla. And if SpaceX does
very badly, it is bearish for Tesla.
Just a little bit, but important to
watch. So what happened here very
briefly today we have to make it very
tight the session
Starship had a very important launch
that was delayed because of some minor
little uh sec safety problems on
Thursday then actually happened on
Friday and it was actually a great
success. So maybe you have seen it. It
was a very big event, right? We launched
here. Starship launch. Uh the booster
actually exploded.
Didn't make it back to Earth, you know,
as a whole at least. It impacted at
roughly 1,400 kilometers an hour. That's
a little fast. And Starship also
exploded on the way down.
But it was still a huge success. And I'm
not saying that as a Star Space X
fanboy. I'm not a fanboy. I'm very
critical. But when you look at the
actual facts, here's exactly what
happened. I will just go through it very
quickly because it's very important. So
it was a 66 minute flight in total. Uh
it started
here as version three. So it was the
third version of the Starship system. It
launched on Friday uh from the new orbit
launchpad 2 in Texas using booster 19
B19 and ship 39.
Okay, as you know there is a booster and
there's a ship
and
very important it had 22 Starling
simulators.
So it had actually simulated uh um
payload in Starship and they measured a
bunch of things but the most important
thing is liftoff and ascent. All 33
Raptor engines ignited successfully with
one engine out during ascent. So there
was a failure of one engine but that
doesn't matter too much. There was
redundancy still within margins. Hot
staging was nominal very important. Ship
performance despite losing one Raptor
vacuum engine early in ascent. Ship 39
compensated reaching the plan suborbital
trajectory and demonstrated strong
engine out capability.
So that's very good. So the booster went
up, the Starship deployed successfully
into suborbital trajectory. Uh then
Starship successfully deployed all 22
simulators
meaning like basic satellites only that
they don't work. Camera equipped units
provided inorbit heat shield views and
styling connectivity tests, right? So
they could see if everything's
connected, if the heat shield works,
re-entry and recovery. Ship survived
peak heating. Performed a successful
flap stress test full deployment at
supersonic speeds and uh executed
controlling landing burn splash on
target in the Indian Ocean using two
engines. And if you see the video, it
was pretty successful. It then exploded
once it tipped over, but that's no
problem. But it successfully touched
down with reduced speed.
Uh partial failures. The booster uh the
flip maneuver failed of the booster and
then it crashed into the earth and was
destroyed. Uh ship in space raptor
relight was not attempted due to early
uh a failure. and overall engine
reliability two to three total engine
issues across 39 Raptors.
This is a great success. If you have
seen my video on Friday, I covered a
little bit the economics of Starship.
And these economics basically point to
the fact that the lift off, the orbital
deployment or suborbital deployment and
the successful deployment of the cargo
is actually much more important much
more important than booster recovery and
Starship recovery. Now booster recovery
is a little disappointing because
boosters at this point should work but
there's still failure built in from time
to time doesn't destroy the economics
too much uh because if you lose a
booster here and there doesn't matter
too much the starship progress for the
recovery which isn't the third most
important thing in the economics most
important reliability second booster
recovery third Starship recovery but on
the starship recovery we made great
progress okay great progress because
that's very close to a successful
recovery, which was the first time to
prove this. And the heat shields looked
actually very good. They actually
removed one heat uh shield tile for
testing reasons to see if this is still
stable. If you lose one, and it was
perfect. So, the heat shield, great
success. We are getting very close to
recovery now with the Starship booster.
I would say failure, a little
disappointment. Uh but the most
important lift and deployment very
successful. So I'm extremely happy with
the outcome which is bullish ultimately
for Tesla. To wrap it all up and go into
this discussions, I think this was
great. I think Iran looking great. I
think we are setting up now for a nice
week ahead.
I think the markets will have a hard
time crashing with these uh in this
context and that is it. So we can now go
into a discussion maybe with this nice
little image here. Starship 39. You see
this is so cool. You see the tiles down
here. These are the heat tiles.
That's how it looks like. Okay. Let's go
into
the discussion, the chat.
I can show you also one cool thing in a
second.
Today I'm a little short on time, but I
can show you one little glimpse
into the future in Pioneer Lands
uh in a second.
But we can first maybe
Oh, it's not live yet.
We can first go into the discussion.
Where is my project?
Okay, let's let's get this started. Good
day, Joe. Kevin says, "Good day." Hello.
Good day. End of days. Tesla will hit
490 by end of the year. Well, I think
before. Yo, Joe, you cool German. Chris,
thank you. A cool German. That's quite
something.
Weekend looking good. Exactly. On the
long term, it is
uh it is terribly dangerous to let Iran
make a nuclear bomb. I know, but it's
not up to us to make that decision. Uh I
understand the whole Iran discussion,
but you know, read Bismar. Of course,
you can have all kinds of wishes about
the world, but you need to make it
happen and you need to be reasonable,
otherwise you get killed, right? It's
like you don't like your neighbor. You
think he's a dangerous dude, but are you
really going to go over and punch him in
the face? You should think this through
first. So, it's not only the question if
you want something. It's also the
question, what does it cost to get it?
Can anyone explain what's going on with
robo taxi? It's reducing its Austin
since days. Well, that's a whole
different question. not for this video,
but I think robo taxi is not important
for for for my 490 prediction because
that's just based on the former all-time
high and the fact that of course Tesla
is a much stronger company now than it
was in December. So when I say 490
target, that has nothing to do with robo
taxi. If robo taxi starts scaling, if
CERN is right, if Herbert is right, if
I'm right and we had 15,000 robo taxis
end of the year, we will not be at 490.
We will be at a completely different
number.
But that is not part of my thesis. Jovin
Joan.
Therefore, this is not important. It's
important what you're asking, but it's
not important for the 490 prediction.
What's your optimus production numbers
for end of year 2026? Well, Crosby, hi
Crosby. Um, again, for my 490 thesis,
not that important. I have to actually
look it up. We are working on something
that I will show you in a second. Why
I'm not revealing too much on Optimus
and Robo Taxi or even Starship.
Yuim Jima, beautiful shots from Starship
when the V3 satellites were launched. I
know it's amazing.
Let's make like make no mistake. That's
how you say it. Make no mistake that
SpaceX and Starship mission was a great
success. Absolutely.
Um
uh street cred zero spacex vertical
integration. I think you should go into
detail about the economics of SpaceX
self-insuring
selfinsuring the caros it makes itself.
That's going to be a huge economic
advantage over others. Yes, I did this
on Friday a little bit even though
people complained that I didn't really
show the sheet and then they criticized
me on my spaceship physics. I'm doing
economics here not physics but
I will do a much better visual video uh
on that but not now today I'm on a tight
schedule uh that's a whole complicated
thing but street code zero is right
uh the self insurance is a huge
advantage but it also means that these
launches are very important we have to
watch them that's why I'm saying it's
such a huge success because it's It
built another successful launch with no
cargo loss.
Drummers, drummer, drummer C. I'm
assuming robo taxi numbers are reducing
in Austin as they are trying to increase
the ratio of unsupervised
uh then grow from there. That could be
Croft Navy 27. We appreciate your time,
Joe. Thank you. I appreciate your time
and today I'm I'm tight on time. I have
to run in 10 minutes latest but I'm here
to deliver the Sunday show. Very
important. Street crate zero vertical
integration. Even a competitor with
launch is at a disadvantage if they are
not also producing their own orbital
data center satellites. Well, of course
you're right, Street Kat Zero. And on
top of that, there is no competitor.
Jeff Bezos is probably five years behind
and he's the number two. Uh we will not
see, in my opinion, Blue Origin doing
what Starship can do in the next five
years. Maybe maybe if Jeff gets lucky in
four years or something, but by then we
are talking about thousands and
thousands of Starships.
First set 7415 we will get we at 1500
robot tax is end of the year max. Let's
see about that. Don't underestimate the
inflection point. I think when it
happens we go up very very quickly and I
think it will happen soon but let's see
look at cyber cap production we will
have 15,000 or 10,000 cyber caps
produced by end of the year and that is
very hard to stop and that's very very
likely to happen. So when you're saying
1500 end of the year, what happens to
all these 10,000 produced cyber caps?
They're just sitting around. That would
be very bad planning. So I think the
cyber cap trajectory because it's more
forcing function because it's hardware,
it's capex, gives us a much better
insight into what's actually going on in
Tesla's brain.
Will you buy SpaceX stock at the IPO or
will you wait for the dip a few months
after the IPO? I will buy probably 10
shares at IPO because I like some shares
as a tracker, but short long story
short, no. I'm not going to have any
significant exposure to SpaceX because I
think it's just too it's too expensive.
It is a long-term buy, but why would I
buy it if I know it's going to dip? If
I'm that wrong and it's not going to dip
ever, I can still buy it. I don't care
about that.
Okay, Ivan Echo. After Ivana attempted
assassination, then Trump make a deal
with Iran, even letting them keeping the
uranium. Meaning Trump is doing a big
taco for his family safety.
That's interesting.
Maybe maybe I think Trump is doing a
taco for rational reasons, not just
safety. Maybe that I don't know. I don't
know too much about the Ivana
assassination attempt, but I think there
is just a giant economic forcing
function. You cannot keep the trade
closed. Impossible. Are you going to try
for SpaceX IPO shares? I just answered
that. Ivonne says, "When do you think
Tesla will start going down?"
Uh, I think Tesla will go up from here.
And once it goes up and hits all-time
highs, we have to watch the market.
If the market keeps going up, which is
not that unlikely given the AGI
situation, but if Tesla hits all-time
highs, I'm getting a little more jittery
if Roboaxi keeps not scaling.
Uh because then we can crash again. I
just think we have to get up there. Uh
so once we are up there with not much
more progress on Robo Taxi, it gets a
little dangerous. That's what I would
say. But right now, up is much more
likely than down. Once we are up there,
well then down is more likely than up.
Unless we see some inflection on Robo
Taxi. Don't forget Optimus will be a
catalyst. I have to get back to the week
counting, but I think in four weeks or
six weeks when the reveal is scheduled,
and that could be very big, by the way.
So, we have that catalyst coming up of
Optimus. When do you think Tesla will
start going down? We had that. Zo,
little German here. Thank you, Joe. I
will translate in real time. Jovin,
uh, I didn't ask because of the 490. Uh,
but I
make I have concerns.
Uh, I I have concerns about robo taxi.
Greetings from Berlin.
Uh, they can cap production. Cyber truck
capacity is also like 10x higher than
what they produce.
Sure. But
look at cyber track cyber truck
production. I think that's the low end
of what you can afford. And that's what
I'm actually modeling in. I think they
could produce 40,000 50,000 cyber caps
this year. But I think when you compare
the cyber track trajectory where they
try to subdue it,
I think we need to get to 10 to 20,000.
Do you think semi will contribute
significantly to earnings?
Uh these earnings
not yet. I have to look at the model.
But I think no. I would not expect I
think semis will become very significant
in 2027. Maybe in Q4
Roadster reveal. I have no idea. I think
it's I think Elon is so distracted with
SpaceX.
When you run the numbers on orbital AI
and understand how close this is and
understand how successful Starship is, I
think Elon is absolutely focused on AI
because this is the biggest thing that
has ever happened in the history of the
world and it's single-handedly in the
hands of Elon now and it's not in the
future, it's now. I think the insanity
and the scale of this whole thing cannot
even be fathomemed.
Brian says, "Robbo taxi rollout isn't
part of your 490 thesis, but if it
absolutely stalls, won't it become a
negative drag?"
I don't think so because it's already
out in the open. They're already scaling
it. It can stall because it's already
happening.
And what does stalling mean? That for a
month nothing happens. That's not going
to impact it too much for and I don't
think for a month nothing will happen.
They will add another city. They're now
building out uh this whole
infrastructure thing for parking spaces
for cyber caps in in Dallas, I think,
and all over the place was spotted. So,
there's massive operations going on.
What happened to the 10,00 fair value? I
have to look into my fair value. I think
for I think 1,00 fair value is for this
year.
Fair value is not stock price. Fair
value is what I think the stock is
worth, not my stock price. My stock
price is my expectation what the market
will factor in.
Okay,
let's see. I wanted to show you guys why
I'm so distracted
because we building something so cool. I
can't even put it into words.
Can I even get to it?
Here I show you a little glimpse
of the future.
If I only could.
Why is this so not working?
Uh, I need to sell some shares to buy
food
or sell some body parts to buy more.
Decisions are hard, but if Tesla gets to
8 680, I will sell half.
Well, that I don't know if that is smart
depending how it goes to 680. You can
watch the channel. I will cover it. It's
It's really important how we get to 680.
If we just get into an AGI super bubble,
we don't scale Roboaxi and people just
go crazy on Tesla because of something
Optimus or something and we go to 680,
then I would say, "Yeah, sell it." Uh
but if you if Roboaxi starts scaling, I
would not sell at 680.
Okay, I give you now a very short
glimpse in into the future. Very short.
And then we have to wrap it up here. We
are working on this thing. It's starting
to look really good. I'm very excited.
So much work. We're building up our
research team and the research team is
working on this beautiful thing. It's
called the knowledge graph
of Pioneer Lands. Look at this. The AGI
cascade. It's not available yet live. It
will be only for citizens in the
beginning, but it's even not for
citizens right now because we didn't put
it live yet. So, Pioneer Lands Daily,
you know what we're doing here? at
building pioneer lens daily the world's
best news analysis and research outlet
for the pioneers where you see the most
important things in politics in wealth
building and also in pioneer alpha which
is the central AGI trajectory and we
build this thing look at this the
knowledge graph the knowledge graph that
helps us understand the future and what
you see here are the core four
components space AGI
the digital human which is digital
optimus it's anthropic it's all that
kind of stuff white collar job
replacement autonomous transport robo
taxi and driver replacement robots
not just optimist this is about the
entire macro theme and blue collar
replacement and then you will see here
uh the entire how does this work here
the entire effects. The effects of these
things,
personal life, stock market, individual
stocks, sectors, personal life, wealth,
capital income, life design, education
impact, social impact. Oh, my favorite
social where I talk about feminism and
stuff like that. How it will end.
I don't know when I can get this out.
This is a complicated video, but I will
prove that feminism will end next year.
It's going to be fun to watch. I can
predict it. Um fiscal impact,
geostrategic impact and more impacts.
Okay. And so this is the knowledge graph
and when you click on one of them for
example autonomous transport, it shows
you all the models we are working on.
Isn't that cool? So robo taxi scaling
timeline Europe, China and so on. Robo
taxi uh cost of goods sold scenarios and
timeline dollar per mile and disruption
points also a timeline robo trucking
scaling USA uh robo trucking scaling
Europe. So all the core models you need
to have a holistic prediction of the
impact of autonomous transport and then
it feeds this into drivers for example
where you see the impact on US transport
employment autonomous freight first
labor pool to clear and stuff like that.
So we go very systematically here and
structure the entire all the models we
have into something more logical that
then explains how we disrupt everything
and the effects on stocks on politics on
personal life. Uh all backed by the core
models and of course space here you have
the whole model dollar per kilogram
timeline when does Starship disrupt the
orbital transport cost uh dollar per
kilogram AI buildout elasticity and
inlection point. So how is the AI built
out in space or in total a function of
the dollar per kilogram? Where are the
inflection points? So this is a
different model from that. And basically
that's what we're working on right now.
And this will be the map that allows us
to put it all together. And then we will
have also cool little briefings from
time to time, perspectives on the models
that are very digestible and turn into
videos. So that's why I'm so distracted.
This is all coming and I think we will
make a big impact because no one has
that map especially not backed by
quantitative models and economic models.
And then on the right here this gets
very complicated of course but very
important for us you know what is even
happening. So from students, what should
students do? What if you have kids? If
you're in university or high school or
if you have kids there, like what should
they do? Life design, how do we manage
this whole thing? Capital income, how do
we secure capital income? Uh what stocks
are winning? What sectors are winning?
What will politics do? The fiscal crisis
that is coming with all these jobs being
eliminated, all kinds of interesting
things. But of course it's all based on
understanding the models. So we first
have to build all that stuff on the left
and we have a very good team coming
together. So this will be a lot of fun.
Okay, that was my message for today.
Oh, Jeff Lutz. Hello. Is it this? Is it
the real Jeff Lutz 1208?
Uh, thanks Jeff. Yes, it's exciting. I
want to build a little more substance,
not just Tesla price models. That's the
end point. You need to have all the
surrounding points.
Uh, who's buying body parts? Oh, we
can't talk about the body parts. Some
someone wants to sell body parts to buy
Tesla. Uh, that's not an that's not a
investment divestment recommendation.
Don't sell your body parts. You will
need it.
Uh,
when can we expect widespread robo taxi
rides? Yeah, the real Jeff Lutz. You
should you should have the handle like
Trump. The real Jeff Lutz.
Very good. Uh, have I experienced FSD
yet? Yes, I have experienced it in LA
and in in Texas, but not in Germany.
Uh, but it was old. It was like a year
ago, so it was pre
pre uh pretty hot.
Excellent guys. So, unfortunately, I
have to run.
Uh okay, Draw Z Vazik is asking what was
the 490 outlook summary. Okay, one last
time quick summary.
I think we are going back to 490 because
Iran seems pretty much soft and put to
rest and SpaceX is looking good. So I
think the market will continue to rally
for now and if that's the case we are
very well positioned to go back to 490
quickly but we have to watch this
minuteby minute of course. So I hope
that was interesting to you guys. Uh,
happy Sunday from far away if you're in
the United States and I see you guys
very soon.
Happy Sunday.