Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       The Market is Flashing Red Flags And Tesla Drops 5% On Friday - Do We Have A PROBLEM?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUFt8-f-MBU
Published:   2026-05-18 08:53 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-18 09:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Red flags are popping up all over the
place in this market and signs of
overheating are stacking up. And Tom
Lee, you know, the guy who's been right
a lot, he is still calling for a painful
summer when it comes to the markets. And
if that wasn't enough, on Friday, in one
day, Tesla dropped 5%. What's going on
with Tesla? Do we have a problem? Let's
discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
So, right now, oil just opened up about
2% up to over $107 a barrel for WTI and
over 110 for Brent. Why is this
happening? Well, take a look at this.
Trump's expected to hold a situational
room meeting with the top national
security team on Tuesday to discuss
options for military action. the kind of
scuttlebutt out there, the rumor, what
you're starting to hear is that the
United States, Israel, and even UAE,
United Arab Emirates, are about to
engage in a kinetic warfare once again.
What we've been hearing up to this
point, the Iranians have been playing
everybody kind of kicking the can down
the road, but it seems to me like it
might be the opposite. It seems to me
that the United States, Israel, and now
the UAE have been just being patient,
restocking, regrouping, g getting
intelligence so that they can go and
hopefully finish everything off once and
for all and we can get past this. But
take a look at this. Trump is waiting
for an updated Iranian proposal. Trump
still thinks Iran wants a deal. It
almost makes me think that this whole,
oh, they want to make a deal, they want
to make a deal, has just been a delay
tactic. While everyone thinks that Iran
is kicking the can and making us wait
and delaying us, it's as if it's really
the other way around because we depleted
a lot of our resources when the with the
first wave of attacks and so now we need
to regroup. We need to gain new
intelligence. Uh you see that now the
UAE is kind of engaging with us. Uh they
left OPEC plus they just got attacked by
Iran near a nuclear site. They
essentially had a drone attack their
nuclear site but again luckily nothing
catastrophic happened. Uh but also take
a look at this. US Air Force has
launched a massive airlift Russian
weapons Russian weapons and gear to
bases all over the Middle East right
now. Are we start staring down the
barrel of round two? I think so. Last
time they moved this much firepower into
the region fullcale war kicked off in
just 72 hours. I would not dismiss this.
I would not dismiss what we see right
now with oil prices in the pre-market
and I would not dismiss what we saw
happening at the end of Friday where we
saw essentially the NASDAQ, S&amp;P 500,
Tesla, we'll talk about Tesla a little
bit here. Everything sell off. The
market in my opinion tends to pick up on
all these things way ahead of time.
Whether it's because of insider
information, sentiment, I don't know
what. One way or another, the market
tends to pick up on these things. So,
I'm extremely cautious, very paranoid
right now going into this week. Take a
look at this last one here. Trump just
posted for Iran. The clock is ticking
and they better get moving fast. Uh or
there won't be anything left of them.
Time is of the essence. President DJT.
So again, he is seemingly ratcheting up
the rhetoric. Now, this may seem like
the same stuff he's been saying before,
but now you've got the UAE who's
constantly being attacked. We've got
Israel and the United States having
conversations today. uh these reports
about a Tuesday situation we're meeting
about what options there are all this
equipment being m rushed over into the
Middle East it's hard to ignore and I
think that with midterms coming up you
have to believe that they are trying to
resolve this once and for all they don't
want this to linger and we're going to
talk about the midterms here in a second
and how they will impact the markets and
what we have seen historically but first
let's look at where we're at so year to
date you can see here the performance
the S&amp;P the Dow Dow Jones, Nasdaq,
they've had an amazing recovery from
being in correction territory to now the
S&amp;P's up 8 1.5%, the Dow Jones 3% and
the Nasdaq 12.9%. The Nasdaq literally
went from being down about 12% to now
being up about 12%. So, talk about quite
the swing. Now, when it comes to the MAG
7, slightly different story here, we can
see Alphabet is doing amazing, up 27%.
Amazon up 14.4%.
Apple 10, Meta 6.9%.
You can see the rest here. Tesla
lagging. Tesla down 3.61%.
So, especially up to Friday, Tesla saw a
huge dip from where they were. Now,
Nvidia is part of the main story here,
and we're going to talk about that in a
second as well, but they're up 20%.
Nvidia and Amazon have been the stocks
that were just flat for so long, and
both of them have woken up recently.
Now, before we get into talking about
all the red flags that I see in the
market right now and what I'm doing to
prepare for it, I want to highlight a
few messages that were sent to me. So, I
received this the other day. Hey, Nick,
it's been a little over a month since I
took your options crash course. Just
want to let you know that my success
rate has been 100%. I'm very
conservative with cash secured puts and
take profits between 10 and 40%. Stay
mechanical just like we teach. I'm
slowly growing my account on Tasty Trade
Pure uh purely on cash secured puts.
He's super happy with the results. It
makes me really happy to see messages
like this, especially after I saw
another message over the weekend where
an individual said that he had replaced
his entire income just based on his
results so far from taking the crash
course. And we actually just completed
another crash course yesterday. And
here's some of the early feedback here.
John said, "Took Nick's course
yesterday. Eye opening to say the least.
The amount of time he dedicated to
everyone who enrolled was absolutely
incredible. We were on the call for 12
hours. I learned so much and can't wait
to apply it. Thank you so much, Nick.
Well worth it, John. John, thank you. I
appreciate the kind words. And then
Christopher Hendrick says, "I couldn't
agree more. Nick is fantastic teacher
and his stamina and patience was truly
impressive. I would highly recommend
taking this class if you're interested
in options trading." Uh he said, "I am
not new in the space, but picked up a
few nuggets uh that I'm certain will
help my probability of success, and I
enjoyed meeting everyone." So, thank you
as well, Christopher, for that. And then
we got a couple more here. We got Mike.
He said, "Yes, excellent course
yesterday. I knew my understanding of
options was limited and yesterday proved
how little I knew. Feel way better about
jumping in now." So, thank you, Mike,
for that. And then also probably my
favorite post, if I'm being honest, was
Santos. He wrote, "Fantastic course,
Pure Signal. Thank you. If you know me,
my whole goal is to be pure signal or as
much signal as I can, a little noise.
So, thank you all for the kind words. I
genuinely appreciate it. But really, you
guys are the ones that invested in
yourself. You you're the ones that took
the initiative. And if you also want to
join, you know, find the link down below
for the options crash course. We got
another one coming up uh here shortly in
June. So, if you want, class is going to
fill up soon. I'm going to be closing it
out. I'm not sure when we're going to
have another one for this summer. So, if
you want, get in now before we close
out. All right, let's get back to the
red flags. So, we just showed you what
the S&amp;P 500, NASDAQ, and everything has
done so far for this year. And right
now, it looks good, right? The the
picture's done a 180 from about a month
ago. However, let's take a look at what
we see historically coming up for the
next part of the year. So, here we can
see the S&amp;P 500 has struggled from May
to October during midterm election
years. As you can see, only one year was
actually positive, and 2026 is likely
not going to be an outlier. Now, it
could be. We never know. No one knows
anything. You guys know I like to say
that a lot. With everything stacking up
that we're about to go over, all the red
flags, I think we need to take this
serious. I think we need to really think
about this time is not going to be
different. Yes, we've got all the AI
stuff and yes, I can paint a very
bullish narrative. I can talk about
Tesla road taxis. I could talk about
SpaceX IPO. I could talk about all these
things. Right now, I want you to focus
on the worst case scenario. I want you
to prepare. I don't want you to be
thinking about what do I do once the
house is finally on fire. I want you to
have a plan. Know what you're going to
do before the house is ever on fire.
Know where the fire extinguisher is.
Know how you're going to get your family
to safety. That's what I want. So, let's
talk about this. Let's not ignore these
potential issues and let's just have
honest conversation here. We see that
likely we're going to have a down period
between May and October and it might be
starting this coming up week. Obviously
know that we've got the conflict and the
drama with the war, right? We know we
got that. We know that's causing issues
with the straight of Hormuz and that's
causing issues with oil. It's not just
oil. It's also fertilizer. It's also
other products that we need for
semiconductors. So, it's a ripple effect
and we know that's going on. But we also
know that we've got a president in a
White House that really wants to wrap
this up. Why? Well, circle back because
the midterms. So, that may be kind of a
bullish thing for us, but we'll have to
see. This is from the CME. This is the
rate cut or the rate hike predictions.
Right now, we see that there's actually
a prediction for a rate hike in January
of 2027. So, about 6 months away, they
are predicting a rate hike. There are no
rate cuts predicted between now and then
despite the fact that Kevin Worsh is
going to be coming in as a new Fed
chairman. Now, I would take all of these
with a grain of salt because these
constantly change. But right now, with
the way the straight of Hormuz is with
oil, with the 10-year creeping up to
4.5, 4.6, this is real. This is showing
that there is more concern in this
market about inflation, about the
stickiness of that inflation, about
higher rates. This market is feeling
overheated. We will not be able to
sustain a 4.5 to 5% tenyear with the
market at these levels is my opinion.
Now again, I don't know anything. My
goal is to listen to the market and
react, not to make predictions about the
market. When I trade, I just take what
the market gives me. I'm not trying to
think ahead of the market. So, this is
an opinion. It's not necessarily what
I'm using for any of my trades or my
investing, but I just want to be very
clear that right now we are in a frothy
place in the market. Again, think about
it. CPI comes in hot. PPI comes in hot.
Why? Because of oil. Sure, the market's
looking through oil. But the market's
looking through oil, assuming that we
get a resolution to this conflict sooner
than later. We are not seeing that just
yet. Now, this week may change all that.
This week might have some kinetic
warfare. It may be the end to
everything. Everything opens back up.
life is good once again. Oil starts
flowing, oil prices drop, all that's
possible. But until we see that, we're
going to keep seeing the 10-year press
up. And as we see the 10-year press up,
and I as we see these inflation prints
go through into CPI and PPI, we are
going to have more and more of this
effect. And we know that this coming up
month, we're going to see even higher
levels of inflation as oil persists
through. These are just the facts. We
can't ignore these. And so that's why we
see the CME projecting higher rates uh
going into January 2027. Now it's not
just that. We also have this speculative
uh euphoria in this market. So for
example, SOX, this is a triple leverage
ETF that follows the direction of the
semiconductor market. This is the type
of investing, the type of risk
takingaking that we see when markets are
extremely euphoric. when we are kind of
nearing the top of a market. This triple
leverage ETF, it's good, I guess, for
some who are just really trying to take
on heavy risk and and get edge. But as
far as I can tell, when we see these
things, they're really signs of people
kind of in the market gambling, FOMOing
into these. To me, historically, items
like these overleveraged ETFs are a sign
of the top, or at least that we're close
to that top. Now again, we have never
lived through what we're going through
right now with this AI revolution. We
have an insane amount of cap X that is
being projected out. We have insatiable
demand right now for Micron and for
SanDisk products, for SKH Highix
products. And so this is probably going
to keep going on. However, there is a
certain point where the traders and the
gamblers within the market start to sell
off. Yes, there are a lot of buy and
hold people in there. A lot of people
with conviction, but there's also a
certain percentage of all that stock
value that are just people who are
FOMOing and people who are taking a
trade. And so, how much is that? Is is
it this much buy and hold and this much
the FOMOers and traders or is it this
much or this much? I have no idea,
right? It could be any kind of
percentage. But eventually the people up
here, the the fowers, the traders, the
institutional investors, they eventually
sell out because they're going to take
profits and that will send the stock
tumbling. Whether it's Micron, whether
it's Bloom Energy, whether it's Nibius,
whether it's Sandis, it doesn't matter.
Eventually, people take profits and they
leave. Now, when will they take profits?
Well, many of them know what we're
talking about here. Many of them know
that from May to October during the
midterm year, the markets tend to be
down. So, maybe they decide to take
profits now. That way they lock in their
gains for the year. They see what
happens. They see what happens with
Iran. They can kind of let all this
fizzle out and then they can redeploy at
lower levels or they can avoid the
noise. They could also have the other
effect where none of that plays out. The
Iran conflict subsides. We have no more
issues with oil. Straightfor opens and
everything continues to run. That's
possible too. This is why it's so
difficult right now. But we have to at
least point out these red flags. So then
let's talk about Tom Lee. All right.
This might be one of the biggest red
flags. Tom Lee has been right a lot.
When I say a lot, I mean he's the most
right person of the last decade when it
comes to the markets. And his point of
view is that 10 out of the last 14 times
we get a new Fed chairman, the market
has tested that Fed chairman. If we get
a selloff, does that mean the market's
testing the Fed chairman? That's where I
disagree with Tom Lee. I talked about
this last week. It may happen that the
market sells off as the Fed turban takes
seat. But I don't take it as the market
is challenging him. I take that as right
place, right time. I think it's kind of
dumb luck if he gets that right because
if the market sells off, it's because we
have people dumping money into these
overleveraged uh ETFs, right? These 3x
leverage ETFs. It's because we have a
constraint on oil, which is creating
higher CPI, PPI because we have the war
in Iran, right? every single thing 10
years up to 4.5 and climbing to 5%. It's
natural for this to send the markets
down. And the market has literally done
a 20 something% swing. We saw the NASDAQ
go from minus 10 to now they're plus
12%. So this would make a lot of sense
for the market just to take a breather,
but it may be a sharp breather. Again,
we just saw Tesla drop by 5% in one day.
But nevertheless, Tom Lee is right a
lot. Whether it happens because of what
he said or because of other reasons in
the market doesn't really matter. I like
to listen to people who are right a lot
and it's very hard to ignore him. You've
got Tom Lee, you've got hot CPI, hot
PPI, 10 year rising and again when we
know that when the 10ear rises, when
bond yields rise that the market will
sell off because the market will get
defensive. And so here we are with this
tension. We've got this tension that we
have this crazy capex committed spend
with crazy bottlenecks and all this all
these GPUs, these chips, these data
centers energy. We've got crazy demand
there. We've got a revolutionary moment
in technology with AI. Meanwhile, we've
got an overheated market. We've got high
oil prices. We've got a war that we
still don't know when it's going to end,
but everyone is thinking soon. We've got
CPI PPI heating up. Inflation's creeping
back in. People are starting to get a
little frothy and a little euphoric with
investing in triple leverage ETFs. And
so here's this tension. Who's going to
win out? Again, classic bull bear. We
got a two-sided market here. And it's
pretty exciting. That in itself is a red
flag because up until recently, for the
last month, all we have had is more of
the bull market. But here we are now
with this tension. And so when we have
this tension, we got to respect it and
we got to make sure that we know what
we're going to do. Another person who's
high signal is Gavin Baker. If you don't
know who Gavin Baker is, he used to work
for Fidelity. He owns his own fund now
and he is an NF1 type person. I don't
think anyone has had a better record
than him when he was at Fidelity. And
more importantly, back at the end of
2024, Gavin Baker was on the All-In
podcast when David Sachs was out. And as
part of that podcast, he he participated
in their New Year's predictions. And one
of his predictions back then was that
Micron would go on a crazy run. And sure
enough, he was right. Over the past
week, he did an interview where he was
asked, "Where are we right now in the
cycle?" And what he told us was that
right now, historically, it's time to
sell the memory companies. Historically,
right now, you would want to sell all of
the memory companies because this is
where things are going to essentially
start to drop. He also said, "However,
we've never gone through this AI
moment." So essentially, this time could
be different. So he didn't exactly give
us a point of view of one way or the
other, but again, here we are in this
tension. We've got historically we
should be selling all all the memory
chips because historically this is the
moment where they sell off. And by the
way, he used to he's covered Micron and
the semiconductor space for a long long
time. So again, he's high signal. You
got this tension with history, but then
you got this tension of AI where we've
never seen this. So, here we go. Another
bit of tension. What do we do from here?
How do we think about this? Well, I'm
going to talk about this from a lens of
Nvidia and Tesla because those are the
two companies right now that I'm very
bullish on and I want to tell you how
I'm playing them. So, let's first off
talk about Nvidia because Nvidia has
earnings this Wednesday. I am predicting
that Nvidia is going to crush their
earnings that they are actually going to
move up after the market closes because
their earnings are going to be so good.
We've seen what AMD did. We've seen what
all of the memory chips have done. We
see what the cloud companies have done.
We see what the Neoclouds have done, the
Nibiuses of the world. And all of them
have one thing in common. They all are
heavy heavy reliance or users or
purchasers of Nvidia. And so if AMD is
doing so good, you have to imagine that
the only reason AMD did so good is
because people couldn't get enough of
Nvidia and so they defaulted to AMD
afterwards. We see with Amazon, their
trainium chips are doing crazy good for
them. We see what's happening with
Google and their TPUs. Everyone is
consuming like crazy, but at the end of
the day, everybody still wants Nvidia.
Everybody still wants the Nvidia GPU.
So, with everything around Nvidia just
going insane right now with growth,
value, margins, sales, forecasting, all
that, it's really hard for me to think
that this will not be Nvidia's best
quarter that they've ever had. It's very
hard for me to believe that. Now, as a
result, Nvidia has ran up leading into
these earnings. I would not be surprised
for us to see a 250, 260, maybe even 270
Nvidia post these earnings. Nvidia as of
late has sold off after earnings, but I
think that this time will go back to how
they used to be where they would crush
earnings and they would run up. That's
kind of what I'm seeing here. And Nvidia
could be the lynch pin to saving this
market and really breaking this tension
between the bulls and the bear. Nvidia
might be at that precipice of a moment
where imagine if we go into a kinetic
warfare with Iran that gets dealt with
this week. straight of hormones opens
back up. Nvidia has indicated that they
have 100 plus percent growth forecasted
for the foreseeable future. Their
margins are still 83 84 85% and maybe
even that they're going to start selling
to China, right? All that could be well
within the realm of possibilities. This
market will be headed towards 8,000 SPX.
That's kind of my point of view right
now when it comes to Nvidia. I think
Nvidia is going to do well. Now, with
Tesla, we're in a little bit of a
different picture. With Tesla right now,
we're seeing Tesla give back some of the
gains they've had. And here you can see
on the BX trender. This is the daily.
Here, you can see that we were very
naturally peaking. And so, we were going
to come down. When we were peaking, this
is when I told you all that I was
selling my cover calls. This is why I
sold the cover calls. So, I sold cover
calls at 560. I picked up a lot of
premium. And then I also roll those to
back down to 545 to pick up even more
premium. And so as Tesla comes down,
I'll continue to roll those cover calls
down. Now I won't continue to roll down
as the BX00 goes too far down because
one, I don't want to get greedy and two
because Tesla while the daily chart
looks weak or I would actually say
healthy if you take into full context.
If you look at right here right now
looks weak. But take into full context,
the weekly looks extremely healthy. The
monthly looks extremely healthy. And
when I see a good monthly and I see a
good weekly, then seeing this daily come
down to me is healthy because it needs
to come down, take a breather, pause so
we can continue the rally up. I wouldn't
be surprised if at the end of this week
Tesla bottoms out just so that we can
start going back up the following week.
That's kind of what I would see here. I
could even see where Tesla doesn't fall
down much more, but at least the BX, the
momentum indicator here, it does kind of
bottom out and it start rallying again.
So Tesla, while it looks weak right now,
I don't think it actually is weak. My
cover calls, like I said, I'll hold on
to those probably for a few more days
and then I'll close them out. Why?
Again, I'm not trying to be greedy. I am
very cautious with my long-term holds. I
don't like to predict what's going to
happen. I just like to follow the
momentum. And with Tesla, I have a high
conviction in the stock. That's why it's
a buy and hold for me. And so I am not
going to do anything silly to risk
giving up my shares unless it's for an
insane amount of money. Now many of you
might think 560 isn't an insane a lot of
money. If I was able to sell Tesla at
560 over the next 30 days, I would take
that all day because that would be a
huge move for Tesla in such a short
amount of time. And of course, I would
always be able to buy back in as we dip
back down. If we were able to get 560 in
the next 10, 15, 20 days, that would be
an overextension for Tesla, they would
not be able to sustain that. They would
at some point have to give some of it
back before continuing higher. And
that's when I would dip back in. And so
that's why I like to make sure I have
intentionality when I sell my cover
calls on Tesla. It's not like my Sandis
or my Micron or Bloom Energy I had.
Those are different. I don't intend on
holding those for a long term. Why?
Sandis, Micron, to me they're commodity
companies right now. They are doing
great and they're phenomenal companies,
don't get me wrong, but they are doing
great on the back of a supply constraint
in a when there's crazy demand. They're
not doing great because they're NF1
company like Tesla is. So, I don't mind
just trading those where I buy the stock
or I get assigned the stock, I sell
cover calls, let those get called away
and make my money. I'm not trying to
make the top of any of these companies.
I think that's a fool's errand for you
to sell cover calls on those type of
companies. Let them get called away.
Don't worry about, oh, I could have made
this amount more or I could have I
missed out on this other runup. Don't do
that. You should never be upset about
making money, right? That's the name of
of the game. The name of the game is not
to hit the all-time high or to get out
at the very top. In fact, for me, when I
have cover calls on SanDisk or Bloom
Energy or Micron, I want the stock to
keep running. Why do I want the stock
keep running? because I want to make
sure that on that trade one, it's safe
because the further in the money it is,
the the higher it goes, the further it
gets away from me, the better because
that means that I'm going to make the
full premium on those cover calls. I'm
going to make the full stock
appreciation up to those strike prices.
And I don't want to give that back,
right? The stock market can change in
any one or two days, but the farther in
the money it gets, the more I know those
gains are locked in. For me, when it's
not my like long-term buy and hold, I
want it. Go ahead, run past it. I don't
care. I'm not going to have any feelings
of regret. And that's how you can make a
nice 30 grand, 60 grand, 70 grand on
these type of trades rather than just
sitting there and trying to make every
last scent rather than sitting there
closing out your cover calls for a loss
because, oh, I could have made a little
more. Don't do that. Don't do that.
That's called greed. That's called FOMO.
And that's what you need to avoid.
Again, going back to Tesla, I'm very
bullish on Tesla, but right now, this
week is going to be a breather of a
week. This is what I've been calling
for. With everything going on with Iran,
with the conflict, with the oil,
straight up horses, this will likely be
a shaky week. Now, if Tom Lee is right
and if things start to escalate and if
the 10ear continues to rise, Tesla may
sell off even more. So, don't think
Tesla will be immune from it just
because right now it's got good
momentum. But, I'm still not in that
camp. I don't think Tom Lee is going to
be right about a very painful summer. I
I I just I don't think so. I think that
this AI and capex spending will continue
to usher upward momentum for the stock
market. And I think that the White House
is hellbent on resolving the Iran
conflict before midterms because that
just won't be good for them. And this is
a president that cares about the stock
market. This is a president that wants
to see the stock market at all-time
highs. He can't go into the midterms
with the opposition being able to say,
"Hey, so much for your all-time highs.
Look where we are now. Oh, and look at
the inflation. Look, we need rate
hikes." That's not what he wants. So, at
the end of the day, despite all these
red flags that we have, I'm of the
opinion that yes, things might get a
little shaky, a little tumultuous, a
little uneasy. But at the end of the
day, the tension between the markets, I
think goes to the bulls. the tension
between history when it comes to the
memory space and this AI play. I'm kind
of with Gavin Baker. I think this time
is different because this time we have
the AI revolution. Now, that doesn't
mean Micron, Sandis, Tesla, Bloom
Energy, Nibius, on and on don't need a
breather. Yes, they do. And that might
be what this week is, maybe even next
week. But once they have that breather,
once they've cooled off a little bit,
that's when everything can continue.
Again, this is the course. This is the
pattern recognition you need to have.
Thank you everyone who took the course
on Saturday. It was great to meet all of
you. It was a very exceptional group. Uh
lots of great questions, lots of people
who really, you know, picked up on
things uh pretty fast and I think we had
some really good healthy conversations.
Uh for all of you, I have the zero day
course uh coming up at the end of May.
You can all sign up for it. Links down
below. And if you haven't taken the
options crash course, again, the link
for that is below. Remember, the options
crash course is the prerequisite for the
zeroday course. So, look forward to
seeing all of you and everyone have a
good week. Be safe out there and I'll
talk to you next time.