Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Stock Might Be One of the Only Winners
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhAS9snlAYE
Published:   2026-04-18 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-18 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Listen to this if you want to know why
Tesla and just a handful of other
companies are the ones you need to
consider investing in. Over the last 100
years, only 46 companies created
essentially all $91 trillion of stock
market wealth. Just 46. Out of 29,754
stocks since 1926, 96% barely beat
Treasury bills. Dead money. That's the
data SER Basher just laid out. And
here's where it gets interesting. He
names the usual giants. Apple,
Microsoft, Nvidia, Amazon, Google, Meta,
and then he adds Tesla. But he doesn't
call it a car company. He calls it the
operating system for Earth. Now, here's
the thing. That concentration of winners
isn't slowing down. It's accelerating
because of AI. The leaders are pulling
away faster than ever. So, the real
question is this. If Tesla is truly
becoming a platform spanning AI, energy,
robotics, and autonomy, does it it
belong in the top 46? Because if it
does, this changes how you value
everything. and the shift is already
happening. Certain Basher is a chartered
financial analyst running his own
investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome sir.
&gt;&gt; Hi Herbert. This is actually a very
important thing for all investors to
understand. You think that you're
picking uh companies but you're actually
picking lottery like winners.
Yeah, I I appreciate you put this
together because investing like it's
we've been talking a lot about Tesla if
it's a what kind of company it is, where
it sits in comparison to the other Mag 7
and all the other companies, but you
found something just by looking at the
past data and what's happening in the
future of if you've got money today,
where should you invest and you want to
take a look at the data that you just uh
put together, collated for us. Let's
walk us through it. Yes, I think there
are some very important lessons from the
past and thanks to Hendrickk
Bessonbinder of uh Arizona State
University who has been doing this work
now for for a long time. Uh and he now
has a 100 years of data from 1926
through December of 2025. Um this notion
that the stock market returns an average
of you know 10% a year is a bit of a
lie. In reality, there are a few
companies that are producing astounding
returns and the rest of the market is uh
producing negative results, dragging
down the overall averages. Um, and I
think it's very important for investors
to understand the implications of this
and what it means going forward.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you put together this pretty long
article with a lot of research. It's on
your X account, so people should go
check that out at CERN Basher. But we're
going to take a look at the key slides.
So the first step you said was over a
century the US stock market has been one
of the greatest engines of wealth
creation in human history. 1926 to 2025
91 trillion in shareholder wealth.
Annual returns average about 10%.
Comfortably beating treasury bills
reinforcing the long-standing belief
equities are the best way to build
wealth over time. But it's very
misleading. So tell me, yeah, you're
hinting at it. Basically, it's a handful
of stocks that really do well, right?
Yeah, it's interesting when you sort of
peel back the layers of the onion here,
you find out that the that the median
stock, the average stock um has a
listing lifetime return of minus 6.9%.
So, the average company loses 7% over
its lifetime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, this is in a study of 29,754
companies over the last 100 years. So,
as you can imagine, a lot of companies
fail over time. uh there are companies
that get merged, but that data is
preserved and it's it's it's maintained
in the in the in the acquiring company,
but the average company is a money
loser. The average company makes less
than cash returns.
Okay? Um less than half of the stocks,
48% of the stocks deliver a positive
returns over their lifetime. So half of
the stocks you invest in, if you just
invested in a broad index over the last
100 years, less than half of them made
any money. 41% of them outperform T
bills or outperformed cash and only
27.6% of them outperformed the market
itself. So less than a third
outperformed the market. The rest, you
know, over 70% were a massive drag on
the portfolio results. So you could
think of most stocks as being value
destroyers, not value creators. And if
you're investing and picking stocks,
that has implications for perhaps how
you approach this. So this is something
that's now been persistent. This this
defines the equity market. This is the
way the equity market functions. It's
not like the average company's producing
a 10% return. That's not true at all.
The average companies actually producing
a, you know, negative return. It's just
that we've got some companies and and
we'll see in a second how few that are
delivering such massive results that it
brings up the market average to
something that people say, "Oh, this is
attractive. I'm going to be an investor
and invest in stocks." And if you're
picking stocks not understanding sort of
how it's structured underneath, you
might you might make a massive mistake.
If you say, "Well, I want to own, you
know, let's say 200 or 300 stocks. I
want a diversified portfolio. I'm going
to equal weight them." That might be the
worst possible thing you could ever do.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that that explains a lot because a
lot of people love ETFs. They love these
um mutual funds and the philosophy is if
you're diversified and they're talking
60 so stocks, 100 stocks, you're less
likely to lose your money. But you're
actually saying actually be careful once
you get a certain amount past a certain
amount of numbers here. You're getting
to the averages and most of them will
actually lose you money. This is very
interesting. Very interesting. Goes
against what people think.
&gt;&gt; And I think back to the way a lot of
money managers behave. They might have a
portfolio, let's say, of 30 stocks and
they're kind of all equal weighted. And
then when one stock sort of does very
well, they might trim that and and buy
more of some of the others.
&gt;&gt; And that actually may be the worst
possible move you could possibly do
because if you have a stock that's doing
extremely well,
&gt;&gt; that's one of the lottery tickets that
you need in order to get the the
long-term average return. And if you cut
that off at the knees just as it's
starting to move up in in the name of
diversification, you may be massively
reducing your potential return going
forward. Now, of course, the great
challenge is well, is this
outperformance going to continue? Which
which company should I invest in? And
we'll explore that a little bit in the
so the last half of this video. But if
you look at the stock market history,
it's staggering how few companies
contributed to the market's return. And
here's here's the chart.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, the scale here is uh from 0 to
30,000. There was 29,754
listed stocks in this 100redyear time
period. Again, not all of them are
around today. Many of them are are long
since gone. Okay. How many stocks did
you need to achieve 100% of the wealth
created in the stock market?
&gt;&gt; It's just over a thousand. 1,082.
&gt;&gt; Okay. How many stocks did you need to
achieve half of the wealth created over
the last 100 years? Only 46.
&gt;&gt; How many stocks did you need to get just
about 30% or 29% of the market? The top
10 were enough.
&gt;&gt; Top 10 did 30% of the gain. 46 did 50%
of the gain and only a,082 is 100% of
it. The rest of them were money losers
or their complete dead weight drag on
the portfolio.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy,
&gt;&gt; isn't it? Crazy.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Now you put this in percentage terms. So
the top those 10 stocks delivering 29%
of the returns, that's 03 of all the
stocks. 03% of all the stocks. Yeah,
kind of like picking picking lot lottery
tickets. The odds are very tough. The
the 46 is 0.15%.
And the,080 is 3.6%
of all the stocks delivered 100% of the
return. Again, you only needed 3.6% of
all the stocks that have ever existed in
the United States in the last 100 years
to get you 100% of all the wealth
created in the US stock market.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Out of a 100 companies, only three
delivered everything. The rest are going
to be losers.
&gt;&gt; That's unfortunate.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I can't wait till the second
half when you tell me which ones are
going to be the which ones you think are
going to deliver the most potential. And
it actually makes a lot of sense now
because the world has changed and you're
going to explain why. It actually makes
so much more sense now of knowing which
ones will end up becoming dominant. It
just
&gt;&gt; I think there some very important
lessons here for investors to think
about. Yeah. So here's the list and this
is the top uh maybe 40 or so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um Apple has contributed about five and
a half% of the total wealth created in
the stock market over the last 100
years. Now Apple has not been around for
100 years but the growth since their
existence um in December 1980 by the way
is when they started first month um has
contributed 5 a.5% of the total wealth
created. The next best stock is Nvidia
which was started in January of 1999.
It's the first month of included data
here uh to the present accounts for 5%
of the total wealth. So two companies
accounted for more than 10% of all the
wealth created in the US stock market.
Okay. Microsoft is not far behind.
Microsoft's first month is March of
1986. 4 and a.5% of the wealth
contributed by Microsoft. Uh Google
Alphabet is next just under four. Amazon
uh about two and a half uh Broadcom
under two, Exxon, Meta, and then we get
to Tesla which is number nine on the
list. Tesla accounts for about 1 and
a.5% of all the wealth created in the US
stock market in the last 100 years has
been created by Tesla and Tesla's only
been around since June of 2010.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wait, is this true? Is this real?
Okay.
Okay. Because obviously I I've been a
huge investor in Apple for decades and
so I it's great but just is this the
real list. Are you saying that of all
the stocks that's ever been on the stock
market Apple is the best winner is the
number one winner so far?
&gt;&gt; Correct. Apple's created the most
shareholder wealth. Now
&gt;&gt; any company
&gt;&gt; any company now this is in today's
dollar. So this is actually an important
point because you might have had a
company in the 1920s and 30s and 40s
that created a lot of wealth but those
dollars back then you know they're not
worth as much as as today's dollars in
terms of inflation.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So maybe you will say in the near
in the kind of like in the the modern
history
&gt;&gt; well this is the last h 100red years but
I'm I'm just saying that I don't believe
these are adjusted for inflation which
might be
&gt;&gt; that's what I'm saying
&gt;&gt; a little bit of a flaw in terms of
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; um you know the impact of some of the
earlier companies
&gt;&gt; but that's why I'm saying if you think
of it yes it is the data is for 100
years but if you look at it just for
modern history still in terms of ranking
&gt;&gt; I mean almost everything here except for
like you know JP Morgan General Electric
there are older companies IBM right but
in general this is great great list I
I'm shocked that Tesla's actually even
on this list at the top 10 that's crazy
because I know that it had 20x but
&gt;&gt; yeah of all these companies uh on this
list I think it is the the youngest if
I'm not mistaken
uh Broadcom is not too far away from
August 20 uh 2009
&gt;&gt; uh Alphabets That's 2004.
Um Tesla's 2010.
All these other companies, um Visa's is
2008.
U Mastercard's 2006.
Uh but all these other companies have
been around a long time.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um some of them since uh like IBM for
example's on here since um I believe uh
1926 in some form.
So the story is pretty clear and I think
this one everybody understands.
Technology companies basically took over
the world in the last 20 30 years and
that's Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft,
Alphabet, Amazon
&gt;&gt; and then uh Broadcom and then of course
energy is always has always been the
leader and you got things like Walmart,
Birkshshire,
you know Lily.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's it's interesting and we'll
get into the implications or sort of how
things have changed over the last few
decades in a little bit. Um, but it's
interesting just again how few companies
even even among the few that accounted
for half of the wealth even among that
few companies accounted for the majority
of of that wealth that was created.
Again, the top two
&gt;&gt; Apple and Nvidia have accounted for over
10% of the total wealth created in the
last 100 years.
&gt;&gt; Just quickly falls off after you get the
past 10. It's like tiny smaller numbers.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's a beautiful slide.
&gt;&gt; Now, this is this sim similar data, but
what I did here was was take it uh in
terms of wealth created per year. So,
this is adjusting for the fact that
Nvidia hasn't been around for as long as
Apple. And so, it's actually been
creating more wealth per year than Apple
has. Apple's created more total wealth,
but Nvidia's done it kind of in a
shorter time period. And also, this
helps Tesla move up the list a little
bit as well. So, I've highlighted Nvidia
here. It's created essentially $170
billion per year of shareholder wealth
since it since it was first publicly
listed uh back in January of 1999.
Okay. Uh Alphabet's number two at almost
almost 170 billion a year. Apple's
number three on this list generating say
110 billion or so per year of Cheryl
Revolt on average. Again, this is not
not smooth. That comes in spurts. Uh,
and then we have Meta, Microsoft,
Broadcom, and then Tesla. And Tesla has
created almost $84 billion per year of
shareholder wealth since its IPO in
2010.
Uh, pretty staggering when you think
about it.
Um, and again, Tesla hasn't been around
that long, but the wealth that Tesla has
created already is is pretty impressive.
Okay.
This is the the data the list that goes
into those charts. Uh this comes from
Hendrickk Besson Binder's research
paper. So this is this is actually the
source data.
&gt;&gt; And so you can see here Apple at the top
of the list lifetime wealth creation of
five um
uh
&gt;&gt; five trillion
&gt;&gt; and accounts for 5 a half% of the total
uh wealth created in the US market. And
then you can see the first month and
then the last month the last month in
all these is December 2025. That's when
the study was cut off.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then you can see Nvidia. And
so that that fourth column, the
cumulative percent of total keeps track
of the total of all these numbers.
&gt;&gt; So three companies essentially account
for 15% of the total wealth created.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. I see. By the time you get
down to this level here, three
companies, 15%. If you get down to here,
&gt;&gt; this is all 43% is 43% of all wealth
created is this list right here. That's
it. And I think that I think that's
about 30 companies roughly.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it took 46 to get to 50% of
the wealth created.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; So pretty pretty staggering.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So you had to pick one of these
companies. Hopefully people have
invested at least one of them in the
last 10 20 years.
&gt;&gt; Well hopefully. And certainly if you
were a stock picker then you would have
needed to. If you didn't own these
companies because you didn't like
technology, you felt the tech was scary
then you probably missed out. is up
here. He doesn't like tech.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's always some exceptions for
sure. But if you had a diversified
portfolio and you didn't have any tech
in it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Even if you own Birkshshire, you still
may be may have had weak results.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, so the way of course around
this is just to own the index, own the
S&amp;P 500
&gt;&gt; and that way it ensures that you own,
you know, all these companies in some
fashion at some point.
Now, hopefully the S&amp;P adds companies at
the right time and not too late. In
Tesla's case, a lot of this value
creation happened before it was included
in the S&amp;P index.
So, for those that think that the S&amp;P is
purely passive, it's not. It's it's
actively managed in terms of what
constituents are in there, and Tesla
actually is a great example of
S&amp;P kind of missing the boat and adding
it way too late.
&gt;&gt; It was already a massive company before
they put it in the index. This data is
not looking at S&amp;P returns. This is
looking at just the stock when it was
listed to the present. It doesn't care
whether the S&amp;P put Tesla in the in the
index or not. So that's that's one
important thing for index investors to
realize. If if your index is not nimble
enough and not adding companies soon
enough, you might miss out on a lot of
these gains.
A great example of of that coming up,
the risk is with SpaceX. And we're
seeing these index providers now take
steps in advance of SpaceX's IPO to make
it easier to include SpaceX in the
index. And I think they're starting to
recognize that if they don't put it in
soon enough that a lot of the gains are
going to acrew outside of the stock
being in the index and that could hurt,
for example, the S&amp;P 500's return. Well,
that's because the move has uh in the
last 5 10 years is uh larger and larger
private companies refusing to go public.
And so by the time they go public,
they're so large and I think that these
indexes realize, okay, we cannot wait uh
much longer. We need to bring them in.
But the problem with the index, as we
just said, index funds is that yeah,
you've got it's a good way to get make
sure you got this list, but then you
also have a whole bunch of other
companies that are all going to be just
drags.
&gt;&gt; That's right. the vast majority 90 some
percent 95% of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So maybe make your own index if you're
you're right. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Now this is looking at and maybe this is
the best way to kind of adjust for you
know the inflationary issue that we
talked about.
&gt;&gt; So the best performing stock on a
compound annual return basis is Ultria
or formerly Philip Mars
&gt;&gt; smoking.
&gt;&gt; And if you think about it that's the
perfect product because people get
addicted to it and the product literally
burns up. So you got to buy more.
&gt;&gt; Um, so they've been around for 100 years
and that compound buy and hold return of
uh 40
442 million%
is correct
&gt;&gt; and it's a compound annual return of
16.53%
per year.
&gt;&gt; That's the best performing stock over
the long long time period. That's
amazing an amazing return to compound at
that for 100 years.
Okay, next best stock is Vulcan
Materials, compounded at 14%, it's been
around for 100 years. Kansas City
Southern Railroad been around for 95
years, 14.2%.
Uh IBM, 100 years, compounded at 13.5%.
Um so some of these, you know, old name
companies have been pretty amazing
compounders over a long period of time.
This doesn't speak to anything about
recent returns. This is just looking at
the compound return over this this long
time period.
Okay,
so pretty pretty impressive results. But
look at this list over the last 100
years, you know, and it's, you know,
it's it's it's the sort of the old
industrial companies largely, right?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um, so here's the top 25 annual return
compounders. Um, and I think on this
list I I said I want companies I I
filtered it by companies that are at
least 10 years old because there are
some companies that have come to the
market in the last few years that are up
over 100% per year over over their
lifetime. So I wanted to get some
companies that at least been around a
decade and in that case Tesla is number
five on the list. It's compounded uh at
40 almost 44% return since its IPO.
Okay. So, it had to have at least 10
years of history to make make this
chart, but it's looking at then when the
company was first listed to the end of
December of 2025. Um, and that's again
very impressive. Nvidia is also on this
list. It's been a public company a bit
longer and it's been compounding at 37%
per year. So, if you can if you can find
companies like that that are compounding
at that rate for any meaningful period
of time, then the investment results are
likely to be pretty staggering. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Broadcom's on this list by the way as
well, not highlighted, but it's three
three below Tesla. What has been
happening is is actually something kind
of interesting. We talked about the
concentration and here it is in table
form, right? Where in that 1926 to 2005
column, you can see that it took 1,082
companies uh which is 3.72% of the firms
to get 100% of the wealth creation.
Well, if you look at it then the next
column over from 1926 to 2016
um it took actually 1,088 companies. So
a little bit more. What's changed is in
the last 10 years
&gt;&gt; you only need 411 companies to get 100%
of of the wealth creation in the US
stock market.
&gt;&gt; So this concentration issue that we
highlighted over a 100 years has
actually been even further narrowing
even more in recent decades. Can you
explain that? Is that technology?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to get into that in
just a second. Yes, it is. It is
technology and the nature of technology
that's driving these returns. And we'll
we'll discuss that in a second.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um and if you look at for 50% of the net
wealth creation over the 100 years, you
needed 46 companies, but over the first
90 years, it took 89 and over the last
10, it only took 13 companies.
So again this this more and more
concentration particularly over the last
decade and of course we've seen the rise
of the mag seven or whatever we call
those stocks now uh very very few
companies are driving basically the
market's results and if you're not in
those names you're going to lag the
market averages very very badly. So what
is happening?
Um the author of the study uh suggested
that
these companies are increasingly driven
by scale advantages.
Well, look at Nvidia. They basically are
the the company that provides the
compute for AI.
Look at Apple, the scale of Apple. Look
at Alphabet. Who doesn't use Google?
Look at Amazon. who doesn't buy
everything on Amazon. These companies
have massive scale and they're certainly
global businesses. It's not just scale
in the US, it's globally.
They are also technology platforms.
Uh they're platforms with which other
services are are sort of laid on top of
which allow these these firms again to
to you know become dominant players.
There's network effects,
right? if if you become a dominant
network then everybody uses that and
certainly Nvidia's seen that Netflix has
seen that uh you think about Visa
Mastercard and so on right so there's
network network effects going on and
then the author posed the question about
is artificial intelligence playing a
role in this concentration
and this was sort of then the source of
my second article that we'll get to here
in a second kind of exploring that topic
but look at the look at the the um
&gt;&gt; the difference
&gt;&gt; concentration in outcomes post 2016, so
the last 10 years
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; versus the the first 90 years in this
100-year study.
&gt;&gt; So on this list of 30 stocks, um 30
companies accounted for 31% of the
wealth created in the first 90 years.
And now in the last 10 on the left side,
this 30 stocks accounted for 61% of the
total wealth created.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. It's just concentrating
concentrating.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, in the next 10 years are
is this the top 30 stocks going to
account for 100% of the wealth created?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's certainly possible.
&gt;&gt; It's AI. It's whoever has the most
powerful AI because the AI helps you
build your company in every single way
possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It helps you sell. It helps you make
cost less. It helps you grow. It helps
you everything. So, whoever has the most
access to AI, that's it. It's just it's
all going to be just down to a handful.
You need to have supercomputers. You
need to have trillions of dollars to
spend to compete and then that's it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's explore this. So, again,
this this is the author of the study and
he's been producing the study now for a
number of years. Every couple years, he
comes out with an update.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh this is this is uh you know,
academically uh tested and verified.
This data is good data. Um, I don't
think we need to question the numbers in
terms of it's, you know, this this is a
respected academic that's that's
producing this.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um, and and these results again aren't
new. He's just just been extending the
study and it's nice now. We have a nice
even hundred years.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, it's getting very
interesting now because AI is just
accelerating who's going to be the
winner and the winners and they're
that's why Nvidia has just skyrocketed
to the top. just skyrocketed in five
years it boom because of AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's a sign of things to
come. So I wrote a second post that I
called titled who are the future wealth
creators.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So what lessons can we learn from the
study and from the past and perhaps
think about what's going to happen in
the future? Uh and answer this question.
Is AI going to make it easier for the
average company to compete and produce
good returns or is AI going to continue
this this trend that we're seeing in
concentrating the wealth creation
and I think you and I are already uh you
know in agreement here in terms of we
think AI is going to increase the
concentration but let's let's share why
right so as we discussed if you look at
the wealth concentration over the last
10 years I think there's a clear pattern
that's emerged and we discussed some of
this already. But if you look at the
list of names, um you know, the wealth
created per year by these companies um
the ones highlighted in yellow plus
Nvidia and Tesla and green and red
respectively
are all sort of tech companies
uh and certainly platform type companies
if you had Visa and Mastercard in there.
So look at the wealth creation here from
the top uh what is this top 30 or so
names. Uh the vast majority are tech.
Now there'll be other companies that are
successful too. I'm not suggesting that
it's always forever going to be only
tech that does well but I think
increasingly that's likely to be the
case. And and I'd like to explain why.
&gt;&gt; Well, every single company is a tech
company now. Every single company is an
AI company. Lii, Lily, Eli, Eli, Lily,
is Eli Liy, right?
&gt;&gt; Is a pharmaceutical firm, genetics firm.
Guess what?
&gt;&gt; They're going to be using AI. They're
using technology to create their
blockbuster treatments and solutions,
and that's how come, you know, they're
going to take over healthcare and
they're going to win. But that's they
are an AI company, technology company.
There are certainly some opportunities
in indust industries like that I think
for some outsized returns to the extent
those companies are successful in doing
that and I guess the question is will
Eli Lilly or others be the ones that
capture that value or will it be you
know Alphabet for example that might
supply the AI? Yeah, that's that's
that's the fun interesting thing because
Alphabet Google Deep Mind already has uh
patented or they given away the patent
for all the pro protein foldings
&gt;&gt; and so because of that they have using
AI can accelerate the creation of
medications and so they could actually
become a pharmaceutical company a
genetics company there there's more
chance that Tesla XAI or Google or any
of these AI companies can become a phacy
ical company then the pharmaceutical
companies can become an AI company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you think about success of
Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan Chase. Now
you might think of JP Morgan as a bank
but don't be mistaken they make a lot of
money on their own proprietary trading.
Uh and by the way they love volatile
markets. They make a lot of money in
highly volatile markets. When the rest
of investors are losing their mind those
guys are minting money. Um so AI too is
an opportunity there. It's an
opportunity for them, but is it also an
opportunity for others to challenge them
on the trading side? And I think that's
an open question that remains to be
seen. If JP Morgan is successful in
implementing AI, then then in theory
they they could do very well, but it
also makes it easier perhaps for other
players
u to to gain some share in that in that
business. So that's going to be
interesting to watch and see how that
plays out.
&gt;&gt; Okay, this is amazing. I'm shocked that
Tesla's here honestly because you were
saying that they're all tech companies
and you know both of course you and I
know that Tesla is a tech company that
happens to make cars but the reality is
that they make cars and just so happens
that the drivetrain is electric vehicle.
It's only this year that they might
actually introduce or they have started
to introduce robo taxi which is AI
driven uh business model but prior to
this it's all been cars. So, how did
they get this high building cars?
&gt;&gt; Well, because it is a car company if you
look at revenues and profits, but if you
look at their future, it's a tech
company and the market is somewhat
future-looking. Not not perfectly. As
we've discussed in the past, the
market's not looking out too far, but
far enough that they're valuing Tesla a
bit like a tech company. I believe that
if they value Tesla like a true tech
company, they would be up there in the
Nvidia and Alphabet rank. it. Well,
that's that's why that was my point.
Like they they already made it this far
with with being a car company and it's
only now that they're about to do AI,
robot, robot taxi, robots,
everything else we're talking about. And
that's when you truly use the power of
AI to truly, you know, Nvidia is the
canary in the gold mine coal mine
because they're using they're selling
you the tools. All these other companies
including Alphabet, they're selling
they're they have the actual tools
themselves, the TPUs and then everybody
else will basically use that and then
maybe even surpass these two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's interesting.
&gt;&gt; Pix picks and shovels were the first
things to go up in the gold rush and
then of course a few found the actual
gold. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then they become super rich and the
rest were all just buying the picks and
shovels.
&gt;&gt; And it's interesting the picks and
shovels of the internet there. Uh Cisco
systems is at the bottom of that list.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that was that was 20 years
ago. 30 years ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, it's still there though.
That's that's good.
&gt;&gt; They used to be the top. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, one of the observations I have when
I look at this list and I think kind of
more broadly, more generic terms. I kind
of think of these companies as being
more or less the operating system of
modern civilization.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Imagine what your life would be
like today if there was not Apple. If
there wasn't Google, so you wouldn't
have smartphones.
&gt;&gt; If it wasn't Google, we wouldn't have
internet search. If it wasn't Meta, you
wouldn't have Facebook. Well, no
problem. I'm happy without it.
&gt;&gt; Um, if it wasn't for Microsoft, you
know, the the what they've done for
business. If it wasn't right, if it
wasn't for Visa and Mastercard, the
payment system would be a lot more
clunky. Like these are the operating
systems of our modern society.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
And so if we think forward then we need
to think about what are the operating
systems going to be of future society.
And so you know when when you think
about what is um what makes a company
like an operating system like company.
So one thing is they they control um
critical infrastructure.
So if you think about um Apple and
Alphabet controlling the mobile
computing platform and how important
that is. If you think about Nvidia
controlling AI compute, they basically
are the AI compute company. Uh and you
mentioned um uh TPUs from Google and and
tranium chips from from Amazon. Well, if
it wasn't for Anthropic, those chips
really wouldn't be in much much demand.
It's Anthropic that's driving the demand
for that set of chips. Uh Jensen made
that point in an interview this week
where he said basically every other AI
factory in the world is using using
Nvidia. Now that may change at some
point, but
&gt;&gt; that's going to change. Everybody will
start buying TPU. Anthropic proof that
you can just use the TPUs. But
regardless, it's Nvidia and it's
Alphabet. They're providing the GPUs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you think about Alphabet
and Meta controlling dig digital
advertising. If you think about Amazon
uh controlling cloud computing along
with Microsoft and Google uh Amazon
controls logistics
um and you could argue shopping and
sales
&gt;&gt; right and Visa and Mastercard control
the payment systems.
So you need to find ideally I think
operating system level companies that
have the opportunity to become the
operating system for civilization.
Not many companies I think fit that fit
that bill. The other thing I think
that's really important to look at
characteristics here is that they're
very capital efficient at scale. It
required a lot of money for Amazon and
Google and Microsoft to build out the
cloud computing network and that kept
other competition at bay because they
couldn't invest as much as those
companies did. So it became kind of a
three-way race. Well, if you look at
today with AI, how many players are able
to spend the money on building these
frontier models? So there's it's not
very many. So the other uh part of that
is once you get to that point, the
marginal cost is near zero. Once you've
got this massive computing network, once
the infrastructure is built, the
marginal costs are very very small. And
this is Tesla's opportunity, I think,
with robo taxi. This is Tesla's
opportunity with Optimus, Digital
Optimus, and some of the other things.
So it's the winners are the companies
that can deploy a lot of capital early
and build this market position that then
they can enjoy for years to come.
Um the other thing I think too is in a
world of AI the raw material is data
and if you think about today who has uh
data moes
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; right Google has access to data through
search uh meta has social data
&gt;&gt; Amazon has commerce data uh Tesla has
real world driving data that only they
have
&gt;&gt; uh and so on so there's certain
advantages that some of these companies
have. Uh you might argue that that
Oracle has perhaps health healthcare
data that other companies don't have.
And if you think about capital
compounding, you can also think about
data compounding in the same way. Uh
it's proprietary. It it self-replicates,
right? It's self-reinforcing.
There there's some similarities between
the way capital compounds and the way
data compounds for these companies. So
that's an important characteristic as
well. Okay.
Um, and certainly a situation where, you
know, like you see with Netflix and
Amazon, more customers leads to more
data leads to more, you know, better
experience, better products leads to
more customers. It's a self-reinforcing
loop that's really driving things. And I
think Tesla's going to see this very
quickly here with FSD in a
self-reinforcing loop where everybody
says, "Oh, I I need that now. This this
is an operating system for me for
driving."
And we're I think we're at close to that
tipping point where people are starting
to realize that oh my gosh I have to
have this.
Okay. Um the other thing is you think
about total addressable markets.
Amazon's the best example of this and I
think Tesla's also in this camp. But if
you think about Amazon, they started
with books.
Okay. And then they moved to all of
retail
and then they moved to the cloud and
logistics and now AI. They they've
expanded their TAM massively at every
step of the way. If if you still think
of Amazon as a book seller, you were
you're sorely mistaken, right? Even if
them as a retailer, you're you're
totally mistaken. Same thing with Tesla.
They started with cars. You and I know
that they've expanded massively beyond
that. And to the extent that people
think of them as a car company, they're
missing what's actually happening here.
Tesla is massively increasing their
total addressable market every time they
introduce a new product. And that
ultimately is great because it gives
them a lot of growth opportunities over
time to grow into over the next I think
couple of decades. So wealth creation I
think is driven by these firms that that
can sort of systematically extend their
opportunity set. And there's no better
person than that than I think than Elon
Musk in terms of finding new things to
to focus on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the other way to think about
it is the other way around which is so
one way is pick a company and see what
kind of TAMs they're going after. The
other way you could look at it is look
at the biggest TAMs in the world. what
are the biggest markets in the world
ever and then from there find out who is
going to be the leaders for that space
and so the big one used to be always
always energy energy so uh that's why
Axon Mobile was always at the top Saudi
Aramco was always at the top energy and
now that's turning into right uh
sustainable energy then there is uh
labor and that's where humanoid robots
come into place because that could
actually replace human labor
Then there's white collar labor and
that's where Nvidia is doing so
successful because they're funding
companies like OpenAI and Anthropic and
others. They're showing multi-billion
dollar uh imp you know revenue already
impacting businesses because of
replacing white collar labor. Then what
comes next after that, right? It's like
labor, energy, transportation is the
next one, right? And then it's but it's
always it's AI. AI has now become the
biggest intelligence.
&gt;&gt; Who's the leaders in AI? And that's
where
&gt;&gt; Nvidia of course, but that's where
you're thinking that SpaceX, Tesla,
because they're now pitching the story
of AI data centers in space. Who can
build the biggest data centers
&gt;&gt; bigger more than you can in the on Earth
at the cheapest price at the most
effective price? Yeah. So we'll talk
about them in just a second. But let me
wait one final point in terms of these
operating system companies. The other
characteristic I think that we've seen
is they are they've become optionality
machines.
So think about Google.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Google has search and Google has
advertising and that drives the revenue
generation for the company. Well,
they're not just that. They've also
invested in Whimo and whether that pays
off, who knows. They have deep mind.
They're one of the largest investors in
SpaceX. They're one of the largest
investors in Anthropic.
Google has has if you think of them kind
of as this operating company with this
massive venture capital arm.
Now whether that will work out for them
long term remains to be seen because
they haven't vertically integrated all
that. They've just invested in SpaceX.
So SpaceX is just has made the money.
that is SpaceX really helping Google
with their future, you know, expanding
their future total addressable market.
That remains to be seen because they
don't control SpaceX.
But if you think about Amazon and AWS,
that was a an optionality machine for
them and what that's led to. Um, and of
course you think about Tesla with robo
taxi, Optimus, Terraab, Digital Optimus.
Um these are all future bets that have
the ability to create massive wealth. Um
and of course Nvidia uh with AI
completing uh replacing all forms of
computing that's a massive optionality
machine as well. So those are some
characteristics I think of the companies
on this list that have already been
successful
and they're successful for those reasons
and I think that that those reasons will
continue at least for a point in the
future. The question is, are there other
companies that we don't yet see on this
list that will come up? And I'm sure the
answer is yes.
&gt;&gt; We shouldn't think for a minute that
that just these companies are going to
be the winners for the next 100 years or
even 10 years. There will be some other
ones.
And the one I'm sure that you're
thinking about is SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Damn it. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Right.
It was not on the list because they're
not IPO yet. But when they do become
there, they've got work with Terraab
which is going to create chips. Now
whether or not they sell it to public or
they use it themselves, that's
irregardless, right? They're still going
to every chip they make is going to make
outsides return. And then SpaceX going
to create data centers, which is AI.
They've got the satellites. So all of
this uh and then maybe they will even
create uh moon bases like actual cities
and then maybe one day asteroid mining
getting minerals.
It's just it's unbelievable what they
can do. So they're going to challenge
jump right up to the top as you know at
some point.
&gt;&gt; And so if we think about it again
through this lens that I like to think
of is who are the operating systems for
civilization?
I think Tesla actually could be an
operating system for planet Earth.
and SpaceX becomes the operating system
for activity off of Earth. Like what a
beautiful thing to have, right? Is there
as two opportunities, one on Earth and
one in space. So let's talk about Tesla
first and we'll come back to SpaceX.
So if you think about uh you know
Tesla's kind of become this convergence
point I think for energy, AI and
robotics, right? They're they're
literally building an operating system
for Earth as you mentioned for
transportation
for physical labor and also then for you
know labor work that's done on a
computer system with digital optimus.
Um Tesla has talked about becoming a
leader in real world AI and that's one
of the greatest applications of AI
possible because everything that moves
can benefit from that. So
Tesla's also is in a very strong
position because of the vertical
integration that they have. They're
they're largely in control of how
efficiently they deploy capital. They
don't have to rely on anybody else. Um
and just and just in terms of all the
things that they do and when they do it,
they can set their own timelines. Now I
would say you know kudos to Jensen and
Nvidia in the massive effort that they
have done to bring this massive network
of people in supply chain along with
them to convince TSMC
to make the investments in their fab so
that Nvidia could get enough chips.
Nvidia has been successful in doing
that. Elon may have tried and Elon came
to a different conclusion that no, I'm
not going to be successful in getting
them to to make the investment. I'm
going to have to do it myself.
&gt;&gt; He he needs more. And so he successful
he is already successful getting TSMC to
commit. He's also very successful to get
uh Samsung to not only build one factory
next door to Gigafactory Texas, but also
a second factory that that they're
building that is all 100% exclusive to
Tesla. But he needs more. So they build
my old teraf.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So a little bit different
approaches but both very successful in
that regard. So it allows Tesla to
continuously expand a total addressable
market. And a lot of investors complain
about this. They're like well how come
we can't see the fruit of the labor
first in robo taxi? Why do we have to go
off and build terra?
Well the reason is that that you have to
think now for the next 5 10 years out.
And if you just optimize robo taxi,
suddenly you're not going to be in a
spot to go after the next big
opportunity. You have to do all these
things at the same time. The good news
is I can't think of a more capable
person than Elon to be able to multitask
and work on multiple things at one time.
But I don't think we've seen any any
other business leader that can do that
um among other advantages that he
exhibits. So I do think that that Tesla
has the potential to become kind of the
operating system for planet Earth. Now,
not the only company, but certainly a
very, very important one. Um, and then
let's talk about SpaceX.
So, as an operating system for space,
what what does that mean? Well, first of
all, you have to get there. Well, who is
developing rockets that are reusable,
that are cost-effective to get up to
space and back multiple times a day,
ideally, ultimately at a low cost? Well,
SpaceX is and there are some other
companies, I suppose, that are trying,
but no one's had a fraction of the
success yet that SpaceX has had. And no
one is developing star a Starship like
product yet.
Um, so that that certainly helps.
What about communications? That's kind
of an important infrastructure both on
Earth and in space. Well, does anybody
else have Starlink?
No. Amazon has designs on building their
Kyper system and we'll see if they're
successful with that. But that's a huge
advantage that SpaceX has.
What about compute? Well, we now know
that soon putting compute in space will
be the most cost effective thing you can
do. SpaceX can move the material up into
space. They can build these AI data
centers in space. They'll have a massive
advantage with that. What about energy
in space?
again they have the the starships to put
it up there the Tesla will build the
solar you know so at every step along
the way they're setting themselves up to
be the operating system in space and so
one day if you are a pharmaceutical
company and you say oh there's a benefit
to making these pharmaceuticals in space
in a in a lowg gravity environment
they're going to have to go to SpaceX to
do that and that's great the
pharmaceutical company will be
successful with that they'll make a lot
of money but SpaceX again is the
operating system for all of that that
because it's an operating system, you
layer on all kinds of other
opportunities that we may not see today,
but will become apparent at some point.
Cuz I'm sure there's a lot of
pharmaceutical companies that are
cheering for SpaceX and say, "We can't
wait for the day when SpaceX can put
this equipment up in space for us so we
can make our pharmaceuticals in a zero
or low gravity environment." There's a
lot of products like that that could
really benefit from that kind of
manufacturing envirment.
&gt;&gt; They just need AI. They just need data
centers. And so forget the idea that
they're going to do a lab in space. I I
don't they don't I don't know if they
need that. But the idea that they need
the AI to do their work, where are they
going to get it from? You're going to
get it from the company that has near
zero energy cost required for it, near
zero labor required for it, and then be
able to have the largest data centers
with the most chips, GPUs to power it
with a and then so then that
pharmaceutical company will send their
data up into a data center space rather
than one locally because it costs more.
It's interesting too as I think about
this,
you know, you say, okay, if you look at
Tesla as an EV company and one of the
big knocks on Tesla's, well, the
competition's coming. The competition is
coming. Look at these new cars. They're
going to beat Tesla. Well, as we know,
that never really happened.
If you think about the competition
coming to space,
do you think it's harder to have
competition in space or is it harder to
make an EV?
&gt;&gt; I think the answer to that is pretty
clear. It's going to be harder to build
the systems to compete with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Will anybody do it? I think it's going
to be extremely difficult. Does Jeff
Bezos have enough money and does he have
enough time? Is he operating fast enough
to even catch up to where SpaceX was a
few years ago? That remains to be seen,
but it may be a question of how much
money does he want to lose. So SpaceX
has such a competitive advantage here
that that perhaps Tesla could dream of,
even though Tesla's advantages are huge.
For that reason, I think SpaceX is going
to be one of the most highest valued
companies we've ever seen. If you think
the PE on Tesla is high,
&gt;&gt; wait until you see the PE on SpaceX
stock. And I think it's for that reason
because they've got a moat like no one
else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. The good news is we just sit back
as Tesla investors
as separate companies. SpaceX success
only helps Tesla.
To the extent they can develop Starship
and get material up into space and build
AI data centers, that's a great thing
for Tesla as well. So even if the two
companies never merge, even if you never
own a share of SpaceX, Tesla investors
are going to massively benefit by that
company's success. And of course,
there's also the possibility of the two
companies merging at some point. I had
an incredible show yesterday with Larry
Goldberg, Jeff Lutz, and Alexander
Mertz. And Larry and Alexandra had an
incredible conversation. I'm going to
post it separately about SpaceX and
Tesla merging. And boy, it could happen
this year. So, what what could happen is
SpaceX is going to IPO in June. That
seems to be on track for June. Then they
will announce just announced that they
will merge with Tesla. Whether it's a
merger of equal or an acquisition, Larry
thinks it's a merger of equal. Uh
Alexander thinks it's an acquisition.
Regardless, they will make that
announcement. Both think it's going to
happen this year. When they make that
announcement,
at that point, Tesla shares and SpaceX
shares, no matter where they're at, will
now move in lock step with each other
already. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And that's where if SpaceX stock is at 2
trillion or 1.75 trillion, whatever
number it goes IPO with, then they get
included into the NASDAQ in a month
within the 15 days. By the way, 15 days,
let's say a month or so, whatever they
get included, stock goes up again, uh
who knows what's going to happen to that
stock. But anyways, the regard the point
being that Tesla and SpaceX could
actually become
uh connected together sooner before the
actual true merger which happens
sometime next year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think as I look at it from an
operational standpoint, there are clear
clear advantages of the two companies
merging. I get that. As a financial
adviser, I would love to be able to
allocate the two companies separately.
That would that would be great. But I
get it from an operational standpoint.
And again, I think if Elon sees all the
benefits, and he's I'm sure he's seeing
more than we can see from the outside
right now, if he sees all the benefits
and it makes sense to put the two
together, then then that's likely to
happen as well. I do think it's going to
be interesting to see how they treat
Tesla shareholders and how it's
structured. Um, you know, if you think
about SpaceX, it's gone from a $400
billion valuation last summer to now
what could be a two trillion plus
valuation. That's that's pretty crazy.
And I think a lot of Tesla investors are
looking at that feeling a little bit
jealous about that kind of that kind of
gain. Um,
so, you know, it's either going to have
to be a merger of equals where the Tesla
investors are brought up or SpaceX will
acquire Tesla at some some higher price.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise, I think they run the risk of
not having support from Tesla investors
to to do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And it would be by no means a
done deal. Elon can't force it. you have
to get enough votes. So, they have to
make it attractive enough for Tesla
shareholders to vote for it. And so,
whatever that means, whether that really
is a merger of equals or not, or whether
that's a buyout of of Tesla, the nice
thing, I guess, if it's a buyout, then
Elon retains kind of his extra voting
power that he has with SpaceX. So,
there's some advantages of that. Um, but
would he get enough shareholder support
from Tesla to keep that? A lot of
institutional shareholders might not be
excited about that, but that's also not
an unusual thing. The the guys at Google
have that and Mark Zuckerberg and
others. So,
&gt;&gt; well, yeah, they all have it. They all
have restricted chair or uh voting
rights, extra voting rights, dual voting
share structure. Um,
&gt;&gt; this is a very very powerful show. Uh,
thank you for that research. This is
credible because you had already done a
previous show where you looked at not
only Tesla but a number of successful
almost every major stock you looked at
even if you held it for so long even
then it was a handful of days where the
most of the gains occurred
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; was it 42 days in Tesla's history of
ever since this day of IPO to today
there is only 42 days where the all the
gains occurred you need. So, because you
can't decide which day it is, you better
just hold the stock all the time. And
then you also even pointed out that the
gain occurred during the night time, not
during the day hours. And so, you really
couldn't time it. You just had to like
be holding it. Then you now point out
here that the same kind of scenario
where it's like only a certain handful
of stocks actually contributed to the
most gains and it's only now getting
more concentrated. And so I've been
telling you know my own personal feeling
is that you now need there's no more
debate at this point. You need to invest
in the mag seven or the top 10 20
because only the companies that have
trillions of dollars to invest on data
centers are going to be the winners and
all the other companies. You think that
like I just like I just explained, you
know, Eli Lely might be the number one
pharmaceutical company today, but
there's you might be shocked to find out
that Google becomes a pharmaceutical
company one day,
&gt;&gt; right? because they can invent the
genetics and the the the protein easier
than it is for them the you know or
they'll you know I mean one Eli will
always exist but it's like almost
becomes a subsidiary to the primary who
makes the most money
&gt;&gt; and you could also think of Tesla
perhaps being a healthcare uh company
with Optimus one day right those those
distinctions those sector industry
distinctions get blurred very quickly so
&gt;&gt; it's happening fast anthropic today
launched a new version of their product
clawed for design and it clearly now
replaces you know I don't know hundreds
and hundreds of other companies that
used to be focused on that line of work
and law firms who's going to be the new
law firm is it going to be you know the
top law firm today or is it going to be
one of the AI LLM companies that become
that replace lawyers and accountants
they're going to eat jobs left right and
center
&gt;&gt; it's almost like Amazon being the book
company uh but actually you know you you
you can't imagine that uh these top
seven will take over every single job.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And you also think about
Tesla's advantages in um
&gt;&gt; real world data
&gt;&gt; right logistics and being the logistics
company really for all kinds of other
businesses. They become a platform in
that regard.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; With their own internal Tesla one and so
on and of course robo trucking and that
kind of thing. There's again one of the
examples is one of the features is all
the expanding TAM expanding addressable
market all the time and to just just
keep expanding those TAMs. Um
&gt;&gt; and if that's the case then eventually
uh there's only going to be a few
handful companies that can do that own
that TAM
&gt;&gt; and the the ultimate TAM expansion is
off of the constraints of Earth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's the ultimate TAM expansion. We've
never seen that kind of opportunity
before. The reason I I understand that
now is because the closer you are to the
sun, the more you get to free energy,
near zero energy. And that's that's
required for data centers. And that's
&gt;&gt; the more energy the better. If if if
energy was limited, then conservation
would be important. But if energy is
unlimited, then the more energy you can
deploy, the better and the bigger the
economy, the bigger the economic machine
will be. And I think the race is on and
Elon certainly been talking about that.
Um, and certainly when it comes to
intelligence, you need lots of energy,
but we need lots of energy for all kinds
of other things as well.
&gt;&gt; Powerful. Thank you for this. This was
uh I learned a lot and I think that uh
yeah, just have to think through now
which handful of companies you think is
going to be the operating system of not
only Earth but now space of the future
of AI.
That's the ones you need to have at
least otherwise you might lose out.
You're not going to do well in your
investments. I
&gt;&gt; I think for me that's a good simple lens
with which to look at that because if
there are just a handful of companies
then by definition they are the
operating system of civilization.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So who is who are those companies that
will be the future operating system of
civil civilization that we're headed to?
Is it going to be hundreds? Probably
not. There's going to be just a handful
of companies that that can do that.
Wonderful. Thank you so much, CERN. This
is why you should follow CERN on his
exac account and check out his financial
advisory firm, uh, Brilliant Advice.net.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.