Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Bears Missed This Massive Rebound
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NU_QE2-J5Jw
Published:   2026-05-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is May and Tesla's delivery numbers,
sales, production, delivery, call what
you like. Measure which one you want for
the first quarter [music] and
specifically March and even April are
out. Uh but is it good news or is it bad
news? Well, it kind of depends who you
ask. We're going to cover where [music]
it's good, where it's bad, why it's
good, how it's good, and uh of course
explain to you what a delivery wave is.
Not that you don't know, but apparently
many do not. I'm joined by my buddy
Herbert from Brighter who's here to
bestow upon us his magnificent wisdom.
Uh or at least share what he's thinking
about it. Uh let's have a chat. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So Herbert, you uh have seen these
headlines, no doubt. Automaker share in
China's NEB market in April. BYD ranks
first 21.4%. Tesla falls out of the top
10. Now, [clears throat] that's crazy
because I know for a fact that uh
Tesla's been delivering like crazy.
Here's a post from Tesla owner Silicon
Valley. Model 3 and Y produced uh 79,478
delivered might not be quite the right
term unless we're counting something
else there. Uh and then of course this
Yahoo Finance uh repost of Benzinga.
China sales jumped 36% in April as
Muskled company files new roadster
trademark. Two things are not connected.
And it does specify in here that that
includes exports.
What's really going on? Are we actually
having good numbers or are they bad? I
said, are you comparing it to
year-over-year? But basically, it's very
good numbers, right? This is record
exports from China since 2022.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is very good news because
they're selling more to other countries
outside of China which is higher margin
typically than selling in China.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And that's it on X. There was a
very lively and spirited and productive
discussion where people like James
Stevenson explained that selling
overseas for a bigger margin is better
than selling anywhere else for a lower
margin. But if they're making so many,
how come their China numbers are so
poor?
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; What? What? Who said it's poor? This his
article. Can you read it and see how
they position it? But yeah,
&gt;&gt; Fred Lambert from Electric was furious.
He was calling all these other uh
headline makers liars for not including
in the headline the fact that it
included export numbers.
&gt;&gt; If we really want to go around
factchecking stories, I don't know that
electric is the is the wisest one to be
throwing stones. This is uh this is a
tale as old as time where you have a
delivery wave. You have the first month
you take everything you make out of the
Giga Shanghai factory and you export
them. You sell them everywhere because
it's going to take time for them to
arrive in those countries and then the
second and third month you start
creating producing more of your cars for
your domestic market. This is just the
way it works, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It all makes sense when you explain it.
Two things I wanted to say on that. The
first one is, "Hey, subscribe." Yeah,
you gotta. It's uh, you know,
&gt;&gt; computer by the day
&gt;&gt; and a robot. And uh, what I did is I
went to Grock and said, "Explain Tesla's
delivery wave." Like I'm in middle
school and not a particularly bright
child at that. Keep it under 150 words.
&gt;&gt; Tesla makes cars all the time at their
factories, but they don't give them to
people right away. They save up a bunch
of cars. Then at the end of every 3
months, they rush to deliver tons of
them all at once. That's the delivery
wave. It's like holding your toys until
the last day of school, then dumping
them all out at the same time. Lots of
trucks, busy parking lots. And I said,
"Hey, can you a little bit smarter and
mention distances from factories?" Yes,
they plan smart. Cars going far away,
like ships to China, to Europe, or the
US get built early in the 3-month period
so they have time to travel. Cars for
people close to the factories get built
later. That's the delivery wave. And
while many manufacturers have uh don't
have this at all, legacy guys, they've
got months of inventory pushed out onto
dealer lots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that they can sell anything at any
time. If there's an impulse buyer,
there's a vehicle you can match them to.
&gt;&gt; Tesla doesn't do that. They're working
to get back to that point, but every
time they increase the days of
inventory, people freak out because it's
profitable to freak out. And yeah, it's
like saving your homework from far away
projects first, then doing the easy
stuff last. That way, everything's done
on time. Got a big project? I'm not
going to save that one to the end. I'm
going to start it now.
&gt;&gt; Makes so much sense. So logical, so
easy. But yeah,
&gt;&gt; articles love. They know this stuff,
too, by the way. They're not dumb by
this point. This is not the first time
this has been explained.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, we are seeing good sales in
China despite a wealth of competition.
We're seeing runaway sales in the US.
Can you tell me uh for the year to date
uh who's who's number what cars are one
and two? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Let me think about it. Uh Model Y and
Model 3 number one and two in Q Q1. You
and I just went through the the
statistics. It's a blowout. 700,000 plus
Model Y sold.
&gt;&gt; 110,000. 110,000 between the two. 70,000
plus of the Model Y's, 30 plus,000 of
the Model 3s, 110,000 for the Model Y
and threes together. The next one is
Toyota BZ7,
whatever BZ
&gt;&gt; BZ and they're like at 10,000 in a
quarter. So, this is seven times more.
Model Y sells seven times more than the
next one up. And then everyone else is
like in the thousands. Scary.
&gt;&gt; In the low thousands. Some [laughter]
you pointed out the Mini Cooper sold two
&gt;&gt; two
&gt;&gt; that's great and if they sell uh three
next quarter their sales will be up 50%
[laughter] worth worth worth and if they
can maintain that pace for just a few
years they'll consume all the atoms in
the observable universe uh because
that's how it goes so yeah uh so we're
seeing strong sales in the US we're
seeing reasonable sales in China we're
seeing dominating sales in Korea Korea
and a number of other markets. Do you
know what Kia and Hyundai's market share
is in Korea?
&gt;&gt; Uh so are these Kia and Hyundai? So they
are No, I don't because I what I heard
is that Tesla is the number one in terms
of export imported cars into Korea.
&gt;&gt; But these are domestic, right? So I
don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Let me pull it up. So here's what
the market share is doing. This is from
last June. Uh, but let me I might just
need to do a search for percent sign.
There we go. Hyundai and Kia make up an
astounding 90%
of automotive market share in South
Korea.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is not a friendly market to
imports. Uh, but the imports that are
coming in
&gt;&gt; are oops all Tesla. So, it is quite an
exciting thing to see. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we do have um Europe news to
discuss. I'd like to chat with you about
that. Tesla finally breaks its 13-month
losing streak in Europe.
&gt;&gt; Uh they've [clears throat] been
declining, finally correcting a bit, but
that probably needs a little bit of
context. Uh the company sold 13,740
cars in the EU, the UK, and the EFTA,
the European Free Trade Association
countries, up 29% over a year ago. But
what was going on a year ago?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, come on. Everybody knows Model Y
was Well, I guess these guys don't. They
they do. There's a reason why there was
less. They re revamped the Model Y. They
had to shut down the factories for a
month or two.
&gt;&gt; Well, you say everybody knows, but why
why is it not more prominently
displayed? Are you worried about
European sales?
&gt;&gt; Not anymore. I mean, clearly there was
brand damage. That is not something you
can't uh you can explain away just
because of the Model Y refresh. But
things have turned around and including
Germany of all places. So, people do
have shortterm memories as you and I
both kind of said. Uh, I know that I had
friends who were telling me that's it.
Tesla's never going to sell any more
cars anymore because it was that bad,
right? How many cars and dealers were
being burned to the ground? The hatred
for Elon was high. And then um but
that's that's gone away. It appears it
has happened. Now the new new
conversation, a new narrative in Europe
is the roll out of full self-driving.
Netherlands approved it. We're going to
watch Ireland said that they're in
talks. Sweden is um saying that they're
also looking into it. Belgium is moving
forward with a 5,000 kilometer Tesla. If
that goes well, they'll approve it too.
I think the conversation is going to now
switch to full self-driving Tesla cars
can self-drive. So I think uh not only
before that the s car sales has already
rebounded uh but and and in some cases
like crazy numbers I think uh like in
France and in Netherlands and Sweden all
those numbers have skyrocketed but
Germany that's the key um benchmark
there if that one turned around I think
everything else is uh at least at this
point leveled off and we're back to the
races and then another good sign about
this is Giga Berlin announced that
they've sold 750,000 cars, but then they
said, "We're going to now uh increase
production by 20%." They're not going to
increase production by 20%. If they
don't think they're going to sell those
cars as well. So, this is all very good
signs.
&gt;&gt; And that was what I was going to ask is
would you be adding more employees to a
site that isn't going to be making more
product?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No, of course not. Um, at a time when GM
just laid off uh hundreds or thousands
of IT salaried workers,
did you really have that many extra? I
don't know. I don't know what's really
going on, but it's not uh I'm sure the
big brains in in uh Detroit are are all
over it. Uh, now I get comments from
time to time saying electrification is
over, which it is not. saying that
Tesla's over. I had someone even in the
last week say, "No, it's over, man. No
one's going to buy Teslas anymore." And
I said, "Ah, we're so far past that."
That talking point is easily a year out
of date. Uh we are just not just not in
that space. In Europe, gas cars went
down 17%.
&gt;&gt; Diesel went down 13.5%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; those are trends that I expect to see
continue. We know we have the
&gt;&gt; What date was that though? Was that
prior to Q1 or after Q1 with the gas
prices skyrocketing?
&gt;&gt; Uh boy, let's see. It is last month. So
it is
&gt;&gt; So that's the point, right? Even last
month, prior to the gas prices, you
know, truly going up, it was already a
trend.
&gt;&gt; It was already a trend. The people you
see jumping on EVs, now that gas prices
are higher, it's going to take a little
while for them to show up in these
numbers. You will see some early
indicators. China noticed an absolute
flood of exports in especially Oceanania
uh Australia and New Zealand as soon as
prices spiked uh interest was very high
uh the number of transactions was very
high but they won't necessarily show up
in the retail data for a little while.
That's the beauty of having the capacity
is you can get them out the door and
that's where many of the Chinese
manufacturers are going to pull ahead a
little bit during this difficult time.
They had the inventory on lots. They
could just move it where Tesla often
runs lean in ways that make that
difficult. Europe has a looming 2035
gas ban, a dino burner ban. Does that is
any company going to choose to go out of
business rather than innovate and get
back in the game and stay alive?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this one I think there was a
lot of political push lobbying by the
automakers to push that and they stood
their ground, didn't they? 2035 is going
to remain. So, who knows? Maybe they'll
still do they'll count on lobbying
against it, pushing it off because, you
know, these guys are too big to fail.
when they get closer,
the politicians will push back and says,
"Fine, we'll give you several more
years."
&gt;&gt; But a lot of these manufacturers are
making compelling products. It was
easier. It's easier to get your mandate
pushed out when it's literally
impossible. The switch to digital
television. I worked my first year out
of college in broadcast electronic
sales. We had a very short window for
the digital TV changeover mandate. It
was impossible because we knew how many
installers there were in the country who
were capable of changing out these
transmission signals and there were
literally not enough. It cannot happen.
Therefore, more time was granted. In
Europe, they when they set the mandate,
it wasn't clear if it was possible.
Tesla in part proved it's possible.
China has since further proved it's
possible. And now you've got Volkswagen
on board. That ID Buzz is a pretty cool
looking van. It's too expensive. But
then you've got your other ID vehicles.
Your ID4 and three are very popular.
They're proving you can do it. Do you
think if they got an extension it would
be more than just a a little bit on the
top to say, look, okay, if you've got,
you know,
&gt;&gt; passenger vans or or something like
that?
&gt;&gt; Um or do you think they'll just stick
with it and say, "Nope, do it and be
done."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I lean on the side that they will
push it off. They will they will buckle
at the last minute. It's it's the legacy
autos. They can't let them die. They'll
they'll push it off by two years and 3
years and 5 years. They'll keep pushing.
Honestly, they'll they'll talk the big
game. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Adoption's picking up quick enough that
I'm I'm not worried about it. The car
makers are competing in that space now.
They're no longer It's no longer a case
where everyone but Tesla is losing
money. There are a lot of companies that
are still losing money overall, but not
on a perunit basis. uh a lot of the
companies that are losing money,
especially in China, are doing so
because their rate of expansion is so
rampant that uh that they don't mind
losing a bit of bottomline money as long
as they're still making a profit on a
perunit basis, which they appear to be.
Not all of them, but I would say at this
point, most of them. And that's based on
conversations I had with a Honda
engineer who works in China building
cars to compete with China. So, uh,
yeah. Uh, okay. On the, uh, on the
competition front, and I know this one's
going to come as a big surprise, is
that, uh, the first week of, uh, June,
there are events competing around the
world, and Michigan is one of them.
Yeah, sure, you could go to the X
Takeover in Austria, but you could also
come to the 2026 summer meetup. And if
you have a Lear Jet, you might be able
to attend both because of the time
difference. Consider it. That's all I'm
saying. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Summer meetup.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, are there going to be big
speakers there? You know it. Bradford
Ferguson, me, Dirty Tesla, David Moss,
the doctors, Gibbs and know-it-all. Uh
Gibbs and Walter. Uh yeah, we've got all
kinds of crazy great folks. Jordan
Geese, Josh West. I mean, take your
pick.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Good luck. If you're not joining
us, I don't know what you're doing. Last
story I wanted to cover because we're
talking about goofy laws and frustrating
nonsense.
&gt;&gt; Oregon's got a new idea.
&gt;&gt; Replace gas tax with a weight mile fee,
which I think would be the most unfair
because the people who are um
&gt;&gt; electric,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. mileage is already pretty unfair
because it punishes people who cannot
afford to live in the places they work,
which was [clears throat]
me for a lot of my life. My whole life
was commuting because, you know, sure,
the manager can live just down the block
in Belleview, but the rest of us are all
out in the suburbs.
I agree that Measure 120 is destined to
fail. However, failure to pass this
measure does not solve the problem of
how to pay for road maintenance and
repairs as well as other transportation
projects. An effective revenue package.
So, I propose the gasoline tax be
replaced with a weight mile assessment.
So, what do you think of that?
&gt;&gt; Tell me more about what that means. The
weight of the car
&gt;&gt; and how far you drive the car times the
miles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, I'll tell you one of my problems
with that is I put a lot of miles on my
car and very few of them are in the
state that I live. Most of them are
around the country where I will be
paying nothing into their tax system.
Those vehicles do however continue to
cause wear and tear on roads. Even more
true for electric vehicles which are
heavier than their gas counterparts. Are
they? Depends which car you're talking
about. A Model 3 and a BMW M3 weigh the
same amount. A Tesla Model S and a
Mercedes S500 weigh the same amount.
You're talking about dumb electric cars.
You're talking about poorly designed
electric cars.
&gt;&gt; What is the fair thing to do, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. But take a look at this.
This is crazy talk. So they say that it
has to be a bianual user fee and twice a
year you have to bring it to a testing
station so they can measure your weight
and the miles driven. Isn't that crazy?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Now mind you that's not a
legislator talking. That's a
&gt;&gt; the cost for the consumer to take their
day off to drive this car to a testing
station to pay money. This is
ridiculous. genuinely genuinely dumb.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I agree that there is a funding
shortfall. I don't think this is the way
to solve it. In the comments, if you
guys have any ideas that are, you know,
not ridiculous, uh on how to close that
gap, would love to hear it. I know in
Washington we have a what $250, $300
premium that we pay on our annual tabs
to cover lost gas taxes. And I don't
know how many miles that works out to.
Uh but it feels egregious. Uh it feels
like they're taking advantage of EV
owners because you know those wealthy
wealthy Chevy Bolt owners deserve to pay
a little extra. I don't think that's how
it works. By the way, I did not have to
pay the electric fee on my 2008 Zen
electric because when I was doing my
tabs, the lady said, "Hey, uh it's a
pretty cool car. How fast that thing
go?" And I said, "35." She's like,
"Really?" I'm like, "Yeah." She goes,
"Okay, you're exempt." Oh, okay. Good.
Because that'd be a big percentage of
the value of the car I'm paying just in
tax.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, what are we missing here?
Anything on the topic of international
sales or this very silly tax?
&gt;&gt; I think the big the big story is false
self-driving. When that comes and
becomes a demand driver, all of this
that we're talking about now, it's going
to get worse. I think it's going to be
better for Tesla and worse for everyone
else who doesn't have that technology.
It might take a couple years for people
to realize this, but it will be a demand
driver. people will start realizing like
I've I've already got you know anecdotal
stories I've been sharing of my sister
and Larry's brother or Larry's son who
uh weren't people who cared about
electric vehicles and then as they saw
that the car can drive itself that is
changed their minds and they're willing
to pay higher too. So that's the I think
the the key more people will learn about
this and this will just get worse for
all the other car makers who doesn't
technology this is it the next couple
years it will become more apparent
&gt;&gt; if it only applies to 10% of car buyers
that's a ginormous number that's 2
million cars a year uh just in the US so
or maybe a million to two million
additional cars just in the US it's a
huge number uh I will share A quick
story. 14.3.2. I have it now. I said,
"Take me to the grocery store." We get
up to the four-way stop.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The car in front of us hits the hazards
and jumps out of the car. They dropped
something on the ground. There was
something on the ground. They don't know
what you're doing. My car throws it in
reverse, puts on the blinker to go
around them. They get back in their car
cuz they just picked something up off
the ground, turned the hazards off. My
car is like, "Okay, never mind." And I
was like, you backed up. You were going
around.
&gt;&gt; And while I will not stop complaining
about how terrible the navigation has
gotten, it's bad.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; the the driving itself.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Is amazing. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It's seeing things I'm not. It's doing
things. There's a lot of people getting
out of their car by the lake. It'll
drift over the turtles if it's safe to
do so in ways I would. And I really
think the navigation problem is that
they started training it not on drivers
but on cababies who are trying to drive
up the fairs. Come on, circle a couple
more times. I need another buck. So what
what do you is is there is there some
truth to when I when you get the first
drop 14.3.2 the first couple days it's
very very you know jerky and all that.
It's just trying to get its way out and
then maybe some people say that that
goes away after several days.
&gt;&gt; I didn't have it happen.
&gt;&gt; It happened.
&gt;&gt; Ied my first drive. I published it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The only thing it did wrong was loop the
block three times trying to find the
entrance to the bank.
&gt;&gt; And uh it found it. It found it.
&gt;&gt; But and I kid about the taxi driver
thing, but it's what it feels like is
it's just trying to drive up the fair.
It's like we got to we need more
training miles. Let's keep let's keep
going.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's that, but it is a
funny idea. So guys, in the comments,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg you
everybody else. Stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots in Michigan where I shall be June
5th and 6th. See you there.