Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Can't Find Your Next Trade? Let Me Show You What I do.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohTzLrg9t0s
Published:   2026-09-22 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-22 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You just closed a trade out. You made
money on it and now you're looking for
the next one. How do you find it? Well,
today I'm going to demystify this and
maybe show you that the most obvious
answer is right in front of your face.
Look, I get asked all the time. How do
you find the next trade after you just
closed one out? I get asked this from my
one-on-one clients. I get asked this
from people who've taken Options Crash
Course in our Slack channel. I get asked
this frequently. And the truth is, the
most obvious answer is right in front of
your face. So today we're going to go
through a Dell trade I placed so that
you can see how I found my next trade
and why the most obvious answer is right
in front of your face. Let's take a
look.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; So for this example, we're going to use
the IG journal. This is the software
we're going to use for all this entire
series where we go over trades. If you
guys want to use it, you can find the
link down below. Uh it's a trading
journal made by traders for traders. Uh
so it's it's very cool tool to use. Uh
again, links down below. But for right
now, let me take you over to our trades.
So here I am in trades and I'm going to
scroll down here and we're going to
click. We're going to look at this this
Dell one right here. Okay. So this Dell
one, we're going to review this one. So
I'm just going to hit play right here.
And what we're going to do is we're
going to build this out and I'm going to
talk through you the life of this trade.
Now, let's go ahead and start this. And
you guys can do this as well. So, you
can have the same type of replay for
your your trades uh if you have journal.
So, we'll start off with with this trade
here. So, you can see the trade entered
uh was on September 2nd. Now, on
September 2nd, the stock Adele was at
$472.
What did I do? I sold five puts for
expiration on October 16th, which was 44
days to expiration. This was at a strike
price of 400. Now, if you've taken
Option Crash Course, you know everything
that went into deciding why I placed
this trade. We're not here to talk about
the criteria and all that and all the
details that go into the system. That's
what the options crash course is for.
You can find the link for that below.
But the idea is to show you the
mechanics of what we do in a real life
trade. So, we're here. We sold this
these five puts. This is a short put or
selling put, whatever you want to call
it. This is a bullish strategy. The
premium I received was $5,075.
That's how much I received. Didn't make
that. I received that. A lot of people
out there will claim that that's what
they made, but it's not. So, let's go
ahead and continue here. And you can see
this gray area, this is the expected
move. And this brown line, this is what
the stock is doing. the red line down
here. This is that 400 put I had sold
originally. Now look what I did here. So
I went ahead and I did what we call
rolling up. So here you can see the
little little arrow here. This signifies
I rolled it up. So this put I rolled up
because the stock went to $516.
It was at $472. Now it's at 416. And
this is September 3rd, the very next
day. So what did I do? I rolled up the
400 puts to 420 and I went ahead and I I
I collected more premium for that. So
what do we mean by rolling? Let's take a
step back. What is rolling? All rolling
is
simply put, I closed out a trade. I
opened a new trade. Let me prove that to
you. This was the initial trade that I
opened. I placed this trade. All I did
when I roll, I closed it, right? So, it
cost me $2,950 to close it. That means I
bought it back, right? We're selling the
put. So, in order to close out something
that you sell, you have to buy it back.
So, I sold it for 575. I sold high and I
bought it back for 2950. I bought low.
See how that works in reverse? So, I
sold high, I bought low. And because I
bought it back for less than what I sold
it for, I made 42% on this trade or
$2,125.
So that's all rolling is. I close out
one trade. I open a new one. So what did
I open? Well, I open this one here, this
420. So I was at 400 strike price. Now
I'm at 420 strike price. And what
premium did I get for for selling that
one? Well, you can see down here the new
premium I received was $4,535.
Again, that's what I received, not what
I made on this last trade. I received
5,75, but I actually made 2,125.
Cumulatively, so far, we've only closed
out one trade. My profit was 2,125.
We'll see how this builds. But notice, I
closed this trade, and did I go looking
for a new trade? No. The next trade was
still this trade. This is what so many
people miss. So many people want to find
the next stock, the next trade, the next
opportunity when the real opportunity is
still staying in the same trade. You're
going to see how I stay in this for so
long without having to go find net new
trades. If the trade's working, if it
still meets criteria, if everything
still fits, we don't leave it. We stay
in it. We keep milking it for for
premium. Why would we leave? If what we
have is working, if it ain't broke,
don't fix it, right? So, let's see how
this pans out and you're going to see
why we stay in this. Okay, so let's
let's refresh here. We initially opened
up this trade, then we rolled it, which
is just buying it back and selling a new
one. We rolled it up from 400 to 420. We
closed out that initial one by buying it
back for 2,950. We we that gave us a
profit of 2,125. Now, that's closing
just that leg. And that leg, I just mean
that trade. Each each trade is called a
leg. So, I like to look at each leg on
its own. Each trade on its own. They
have to stand on their own. Now, I'm
going to show you the cumulative P&amp;L,
but I never look at it from that
perspective when I'm actively trading.
When I'm actively trading, each leg,
each trade must stand on its own. The
cumulative P&amp;L is irrelevant to me.
That's how you will make mistakes. Okay?
Now, we talk a lot about this in the
crash course. I teach a lot of this.
Again, links are down below. Actually,
the holiday schedule is out. So if you
want to if you want to join November,
December, and January for the zero day,
links are down below. And again, I tell
you guys all the time, it is very easy
to make your money back from the course.
Okay? It's a very, very high ROI on look
at this. This one trade, I made 2,125.
This one trade pays for the course. Do
you see that? In one day, September 2nd
to September 3rd, you made your money
back. That's how stupid simple this is.
This is why when I tell people that what
I'm doing is very philanthropic. It is.
I don't have to do this. But I want to
share this with people. I want to make a
change in the world. I want to make a
change with financial dependence with
people who are retired. Show you that
there's another way. One trade in one
day paid for the course. Do you see
that? Simple, easy. I will show you how
to do that. Let's continue because this
trade pays a lot more overall. Okay.
Okay, so here we are with this new trade
at 420 October 16th 43 days to
expiration and it gave us a premium of
4,535.
Now we haven't made it yet, but we will.
Let's watch. So here we go. And we're
going to continue to hit play here. And
we're going to see that now here's the
new one. This is at 420. This red line
now indicates the new one. 420. So the
stock keeps going up. And guess what I
do? Well, opportunity arises. So I roll
it up again. What's it mean to roll? I'm
buying it back and selling a new one.
So, what I do? I bought back this 420.
Remember, I sold it for 4535.
I bought it back for 3,500,
which netted me 23% on that leg. Each
leg, each trade must stand on its own.
This gave me a profit of 1,035.
Again, all I do is roll it up. What was
my next best trade? To be in the same
one. So, I went to 440. What's the stock
doing? Well, you can see the stock went
from initially 472 to 516 to now 527.
This just $10 difference in the stock
allowed me to make an additional $1,35.
That's what we're talking about here.
good mechanics, knowing how this works,
knowing what you're looking for, not
being greedy, having the proper entry
management and exit criteria, not
looking for another trade, staying in
the existing trade because it meets
criteria, being patient with it. So
again, 23% 135. This decision to roll
this up was because of this trade on its
own, not because of all the profits I've
made before. And I'm going to say that
over and over because I want you to
ingrain this into your mindset, into
your process. Each leg, each trade, lag
and trade, I'm talking about the same
thing, interchangeable words, must stand
on its own. And I say that because down
here, you see the cumulative P&amp;L. Again,
I'm just showing this cumul cumulative
P&amp;L for demonstration purposes. So now,
cumulatively, we're at 3,160.
And again, because we roll up, we bought
back and we sold a new one. That's all
we're doing. We're closing one trade,
opening a new one. That one is now uh
paying us or or uh giving us 5,300 in
premium, right? It's paying us that. We
haven't made it yet. So, let's see where
we go from here now. Let's go ahead and
hit play. And now you can see we're up
here. We're up to 440. We went from what
were we at? We're at 400 up to 420 up to
440. And as you can see, the stock keeps
going up. We're still in the gray, way
outside the expected move. But guess
what? opportunity presents itself again.
And so we roll up once again. Now the
stock goes from 527 on September 4th up
to 557 on September 9th. So what did we
do again? We rolled up. We bought back,
sold a new one. In other words, we
closed one trade. We opened a new trade.
That trade on its own, because we manage
them on their own, closed out for a 33%
profit or $1,750.
So that means I bought it back for
$3,550. I had to pay. Remember, I
initially got got received 5,300. This
means I made 1,750.
Cumulatively, now we're up to 4,910.
And this 460 put I sold now it's it's
giving me 5,240 in premium. Let's
continue. Again, you can see I'm just
stairstepping my way up here. I'm not
out there looking for the next the next
Dell. This is the next Dell. Dell is the
next Dell right now because it still
meets criteria. I'm staying disciplined.
stay mechanical. But then look at this
opportunity presents itself because you
took the options craft course and you
haven't again links down below December
and November dates are live. You can go
sign up for them. I'm am going to be
raising the price as they fill up so
that we can reduce the class size. So
sign up now be proactive invest in
yourself. But because opportunity arise
itself and based on the mechanics that I
have taught everybody, I went ahead and
saw the opportunity to sell the call
side now. And you can see here that I
legged in to the call and this turned
this entire trade into a short strangle.
Now a strangle is nothing more than
selling the put and selling the call,
right? Same expiration. That's all it
is. Now even though I'm in a strangle, I
still manage each leg as if it's on its
own. Each leg, each trade must stand on
its own. Must meet its own criteria. And
so by doing that, I collected $5,350.
Again, the next trade that I had to go
look for was right here the entire time.
So, I collected the 5,350 in premium.
Let's see where we go from here. Now,
you can see that I'm in this strangle
here. Okay, so I have the stock is at
$565. Okay, let me let's actually let's
actually back up here for one second.
So, I want you to pay attention to this.
The stock's at $565.
My short call is at $690. That's all the
way up here. This is 690 all the way up
here. Okay, the stock's at 565. So, I'm
over $100 higher than where the stock
is. The short put I still have on this
460 down here. The short put that's at
460, which again is effectively $105
away from where the current stock price
is. So, I'm over $100 wide on either
side. Again, this gray area, the shaded
area, this is the expected move of the
stock. All right, I am well well wide of
everything. You can see up here 85%
chance of being profitable just with
this current state of where this trade
is at. This is a very very high
profitable trade. Again, people wonder,
oh 90% 95% is that really possible like
you got to prove it. Share your stuff. I
got a post today on X saying can you
know you should share it'll build
credibility. I'm like brother I share
every trade I do at the end of every
month. I share my P&amp;L the end of every
month. I do things like this, sharing
you my trades. I'm arguably the most
transparent person out there when it
comes to this stuff. I try to share
because I want to educate. I You can do
this. It's a growing pie. It's not a
fixed pie. We can all feast. We can all
eat. So, let's get back to this. So,
we're very wide, right? So, what do we
do? Well, based on the rule set, based
on the mechanics, it's time to close out
the trade. So, trade closes. How much
does it cost me to close it? It cost me
8,575. You might be thinking, "Wait,
hold on. 5350. Why is it 8,000? That
means you're losing money." No.
Remember, now we're in a strangle. So, I
received 5350 here. I received 5,240 up
here. We have the put and the call. What
I did here was I closed both, right? You
can see here, I bought the close the put
up here, the 460. I bought to close the
call at $6.90. So, buying it back cost
me $8,575,
but I brought in over 10 grand, which
leaves me with a net of $2,15
on that one alone. So, what's the
summary? How did this all this end?
Well, at the end, the total amount of
premium I took in over the whole life of
this, which was about 9 days, you can
see up here from September 2nd to
September 11th, over 7 days, I brought
in 25,500 in premium. I didn't make
$25,500. That's what I brought in. I had
to pay $18,575
in order to buy back those options. That
leaves me with a net P&amp;L of $6,925
in seven days. So about $1,000 a day.
And in the meantime, when people are
asking about the next trade, look at
this. Here's the initial trade. Since
this, I was able to place one, two,
three, and four trades. Four trades that
I did within the same cycle rather than
going out and looking for the next one,
looking for another stock that has
criteria. This one still met the
criteria. I was able to continue to form
it. So hopefully this was beneficial for
you. Hopefully you kind of understand
the mindset of not always looking for
the next one when what you have on
currently works. Again, I get this
question asked all the time. How do I
how do I find the next trade? How do I
find my trades? How are you finding
opportunity out there? And I tell
people, I'm just working farming the
trades I already have on, the stocks I
already have trades on. So, if you want
to learn more about this, you haven't,
links are down below if you want to know
more about the journal. We got calendar
views, we got dashboards, we got
replays, we've got watch list that have
all kinds of all kinds of things in it.
Uh, you know, so if you guys want to
know more about the journal, uh, feel
free to use the links down below. Sign
up for it now. And if you like this type
of content, let me know. We'll make more
of it.