Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Stock BOUNCE Next Week?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlOzeHTDNAI
Published:   2026-04-24 18:21 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-24 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, it is time to talk about Tesla's
stock after this very dramatic earnings
week. I had a video yesterday on it, but
it is time to review what is happening
next and what I am doing to maintain my
alpha also next week and in this
potential runup that I see coming.
There's a lot of debate right now. Was
it a bad earnings call? Where are we
going from here? Do we have now massive
downside to 330 350 or is everything
different? So you see the stock right
now is flat today slightly above my
break even point even though I'm already
out here with most of my positions. So
that was actually a nice earnings call
for me uh earnings action. I did what
needed to be done and everything good.
Not great but good. Definitely added
some alpha. We will have the exact
report coming out over the weekend. As
you know, I am covering exactly how the
portfolio of Pioneer Lands, Pioneer
Alpha is performing every week. But what
do we do now? What is actually happening
with Tesla stock in the future? Because
you know, our job here is to predict the
future and make sure we are more right
than wrong, much more right than wrong.
So, let's do a quick recap. Even though
I did this yesterday, but I do it super
quick here so we can look into the
future, the near future, next week and
the next coming few weeks. So, as you
know, my takeaway, I make it very, very
quick from the earnings call was we have
multiple important beats. Most
importantly, the auto gross margin 19.2%
uh versus expected 17.5%.
That sounds like for a lot of people
detailed geek data, but here's the
takeaway. in the middle of the auto
industry imploding, having tremendous
problems. Both the ice, you know, the
combustion engine cars and the EVs both
have tremendous problems right now and
going through turmoil. German companies,
American companies, Ford, Forkswagen,
even Toyota, even though they're doing
fine, but the other Japanese, they are
all in huge trouble. In Germany, it's a
complete bloodbath. In the United
States, these companies are finished. GM
finished. In China, the very competitive
companies and EVs, everyone is stunned
by the quality of the Chinese EVs. But
you know what? People are not stunned
about the quality of the margins of the
Chinese companies. They're getting
slaughtered. Even BYD looking bad. And
in this total chaos, Tesla, the world's
largest EV maker, the the maker of the
largest company, uh, largest cars by
sales, Model Y and Model 3, also not far
behind. they actually increase their
margins. Let that sink in. And that was
the important takeaway. So just to
confirm besides Optimus, besides
Terrafap, be besides Space AI and
besides of course Robo Taxi, we are
dealing with a company that knows how to
manufacture and knows how to actually
beat everyone and keep beating everyone.
And that is important cuz I'm sometimes
concerned when you hear Elon talk,
right? Is he going off the rails? Is he
nuts? But these numbers, besides all the
noise and all the bombastic stuff Elon
does all day long, look at the details
and look how they execute. Look how they
execute space Starship. Look how they
execute the AI satellite on the SpaceX
side. Look how Tesla keeps absolutely
killing all these little details where
you know, no, this machine is running.
This machine is running better than ever
before. That is very important to look
at because it's very different from it's
very different to execute on that level
versus pushing the boundaries with FSD,
robot taxi and optimus these very
transformative frontier endeavors that
is different from execution that is
where you're dealing with the unknown
and dealing with the future. So it's
important that the bread and butter
stuff is still absolutely worldleading
and more than that. Number two, the
capex increase from 20 billion to 25
billion is incredibly bullish if you
have any brains left in your skull
because obviously we living through the
singularity chpt 5.5 just launched. You
see mthos of enthropic. You see now
deepseek version for all that happened
in the last 7 days kind of last few
days. Deepseek and Chhattpd these are
transformative models when you look at
the details. So we are living through
this transformative time and the dumbest
thing you could do as a frontier AGI
company and Tesla is maybe the most
important of them is to not spend money.
So knowing that they are ramping up
capex from 20 billion 25 billion is
incredibly bullish if you had any kind
of sense in your mind. The market
doesn't right now but that will change
very quickly I think. And then of course
the Optimus surprise. I have a extra
video coming out on Optimus surprise
that we actually have the announcement
that Optimus is going live in production
as early as June, probably in July.
Let's say July. That's in 90 days. And
then Optimus Optimus version 3, the
revolutionary humanoid robot where Tesla
probably seizes the pole position in the
world. Are you kidding me? This was a
very good earnings call. And the only
thing that might have been a
disappointment to some, but not to me,
cuz I expected exactly that and nothing
else, is that robo taxi scaling was not
clearly delineated with clear
milestones. And it sounded a little bit
vague, which was exactly what I
predicted they would do because what
else can you do? I think it's actually
incredibly bullish that Elon becomes
less bombastic about his plans both on
Optimus and on Robo Taxi. not naming any
numbers that can't be really know known
by anyone including Elon right now. So
the fact that he becomes a little more
conservative or subdued is very bullish.
Dogs that bark don't bite and dogs that
don't bark bite. And the Elon dog is
supposed to bite if you're a
shareholder. And I think it's bite time.
That's what I think. That's why he's a
little subdued. Why would you boast
about stuff when it's happening anyway?
And we have a lot of indications like
cyber cap. I have a video coming out
over the weekend probably on cyber cap
production. When you look at these
things, I give you a quick glimpse into
the situation. I mean, they just look
fire. Like literally fire, fire, golden.
Uh, look at this. This is the cyber cap.
Look at this stuff. You know, the golden
cyber cap. I will cover it in an extra
video where we go into that. But this is
happening. This is now the production
version that actually is rolling off the
whatever this thing is the boxed unboxed
production line. This is the real deal.
This is in Gigafactory Austin, Texas.
Just covered I think by uh Joe Techmire
or here by Tech Optimus. Look at this.
Now it's glossy. It's not matte anymore.
That's why you know this is the real
deal. The production version is glossy
and not matte. So this thing is
happening. It's just happening. It's
rolling off dozens and dozens every day
right now and that is all very bullish.
So let's go back to the stock. What does
this all mean? Tesla flat. Here is the
earnings action that we saw. We were
running into earnings at 389. I
repositioned myself at the money with
short puts 380, 385 and 375 short puts.
Nearly all of them break even at 375.
Got rid of them today. Not all of them
yet. I still have some in the running
but nearly all of them is slight gains
or larger gains, middle gains. I think
we in a very good position now because
you see the action here. Yesterday was
actually a difficult day for the market.
So Tesla was actually pretty much flat
relative to its peers to you know micro
strategy and Robin Hood and all these
other high growth tech stocks that I'm
looking at. So it wasn't as bad as it
looks like and now we are flat. Of
course, today we have a very positive
day because of Intel and Nvidia, my
second largest holding. That was very
good today. That gave me massive alpha.
I'm cheating a little bit on Tesla with
Nvidia and Micro Strategy. Doing pretty
well with that. But what do we do now?
Here is my thesis. When you have an
earnings call that is this good with
this many positive facts and you see the
market selling it off and you spot a
certain pattern, they did similar things
with Meta when Meta announced $200
billion in capex and with Amazon when
they announced it. Of course, completely
id idiotic. Look at Amazon. Just take a
look when the market is selling off high
capex. High capex means that super high
growth companies are going all into
capital expenditures to boost to
absolutely boost themselves. And here's
here you see what happened to Amazon.
Look at this. So Amazon earnings call
dropped massively for Amazon. I think
what was it 10% or something or more 20%
down insane because of the capex. But
guess where Amazon is now? Oh surprise.
They have whatever thropic deals and
everything else like obvious things that
everyone knew that Amazon is winning
like crazy. They dropped because of
capex and guess where they are now? More
than higher than ever before. Is it
all-time highs? Probably not. Yes, it's
alltime highs. So, Amazon at all-time
highs after dropping 20%. So, what do we
think is going to happen to Tesla with
the exact same story, only a much lesser
drop because people are already kind of
bullish on this thing? I think the same
thing. I think Tesla has nowhere to go
but up from here and normally I
shouldn't be that bullish and clear
because you never know and you hedge
your bets. No dudes, I'm not hedging
much here. I am betting not not the
farm. You have to be cautious and not
get caught into like margin issues. But
as I said before, number one, I think
Tesla is going to go to 400 in no time
because that is the natural gap. Look,
we were at 400
uh just beginning of the week or la
ending of last week, I think beginning
of this week. There is absolutely no
reason Tesla compared to Wednesday
before the earnings call is proven now
to be a much stronger company. Why is it
down? It shouldn't be down and the
market is not going to do this for long.
That's what I think. I told you also
Iran is over. Seems I was right about
that. Now we just has to have to stop
the blockade and do all that stuff. But
there's a forcing function on that to
you strategically. So this is done. So I
do think two things on the very short
term as early as next week. That's why
you're watching this channel. I make
very clear predictions. So I look very
stupid when I'm wrong, but I'm looking
very smart when I'm right. That's why
I'm saying it when I think I'm right. I
think as early as next week, we could go
back to 400 cuz there's absolutely no
reason why not. When we look at that the
bullishness in the market that is coming
together the revelation to most people
the recognition okay we are living
through the singularity literally
literally it's becoming more and more
clear that what I said a year ago that
now trickles down I said it also very
strongly in November when this AI bubble
talk popped up I told everyone in public
multiple times on YouTube you're
extremely stupid dudes you are so stupid
how can you even m like how can you even
have the idea that we live in a bubble?
This is not a bubble. This is the most
transformative time in human history. It
is a time where you get drowned in cash
flow, drowned in margins if you're an
LLM provider, if you are a chip
provider. Are you kidding me? Look at
Nvidia. Are you kidding me? And why is
that? Because AI is the most
revolutionary technology ever. It is the
opposite of pie in the sky. It is
literally here. We are using it every
day in Pioneer Lens. We're doing crazy
things. Everyone who's on this tells you
this is insane. Everyone will get fired
very soon. Every entrepreneur, every
company will go through the roof. And
I'm not talking about economics and
justice and all kinds of stuff. That's
not for now. It's for different videos.
But profits going through the roof.
Capabilities of tech companies going
through the roof. The ability to code
and access data and develop AI goes
through the freaking roof. And who
benefits from this? Companies like
SpaceX, AI, Tesla, of course Nvidia, of
course, Omia, of course, of course,
well, Google sucks always, but of course
Amazon and so on and so forth. In this
situation,
to punish Tesla for doubling down and
spending on capex, right, a 10 15% of
the competitors, by the way, 15% of
capex of the competitors
is just insane. If anything, you can
drop Tesla stock because they're only
spending 25 billion. They should
probably spend a little bit more, but
they're very capital efficient. But no,
the market punished them for for
spending 25 billion. So this is so
stupid. It's so stupid. There's a
saying, the market can stay irrational
longer than you can stay liquid. Eh,
first of all, I'm pretty liquid. And
second, this time I don't think so. The
market is so dumb on this that they
cannot stay they cannot stay very
irrational for very long. And that means
400 next week or the week after. That's
what I think. That's how I'm positioning
myself. I'm going in the money short
puts my favorite in these situations
where I think the bottom is very very
limited. You also see it in put
premiums. They're super small. Super
small. So I'm going
380 385 and then staggering staking up
stacking up quickly. So if you have a
380 short put for Monday or Wednesday
next week, you burn through it to 385,
you restack and just double down, buy
some long puts way out of the money to
offset your margin and then you go into
390 and then you go into 400 if you have
a run to capture the whole run. Why do I
like this over going on margin and
stocks? Because you get way more, right?
You can leverage up much more easily.
And I never like calls because if
anything goes wrong, if you slow down,
you're losing all this premium. I don't
like it at all. I I'm liking to get paid
for holding, for being exposed to any
options position by being short. So
that's what I'm doing. I think we have a
beautiful churn opportunity to 400 and
then I will have another video up soon
where we talk about the optimus catalyst
in 90 days and why I do think this could
drive us to actually beyond all-time
highs and breach the 500 assuming the
market plays a long but I really do
think the market plays along. I think
the market is still a coiled spring as I
said before even though it was up a lot
since then but it's still a little cold
because of the AI situation. So that's
what I think shortterm I am really
betting on 400 here on a you know two
week one week horizon can happen very
quickly because this is just completely
irrational. You see the put premiums
being super low. This is a good setup in
my opinion. Of course you always have to
be a little cautious. Don't go all nuts.
There's always tail risk. Who knows what
Putin does, what the Müllers do, what
Trump does. You never know what's
happening. But right now, Goldilocks
moment. That is my take. So go to
pioneerlands.org.
I always say that because pioneerance is
where all the action happens. Here is
where you can actually see all these
things. You can post your questions. Uh
you can go to robots for Optimus
questions. And I cover these two on
Sunday. By the way, join me on Sunday
live. We are covering all these
questions. When will robots replace
trades? There is actually some very very
good interesting stuff on X happening
where people share their anthropic and
clot trade bots. How do we earn a living
after AI and robots take over? This will
happen very soon. This is a very good
question. That's what I dealing with. We
have AI income question here. Very hot
stuff. We have of course autonomy. So
you can just go here ask a question and
if your question is good or if you're a
citizen of pioneer lens then your
question is automatically covered and we
also have a very exciting product launch
coming up. I'm just telling you Tesla
plus 50 a new bond you know that we are
doing bonds here and issuing bonds
that's a new business with Pioneer
Reserve. These bonds serve of course
investors who like that who like to have
some alpha over Tesla, alpha over the
market, but also these bonds are part of
the pioneer reserve, a new institution
that we created in Luxembourg. And the
purpose of this institution is to give
all of us a better upside in the age of
AGI. Not just the investors in the
bonds, but the additional profits the
Pioneer Reserve generates will be used
exclusively not for me, not for making
me rich, but for building pioneer lands
out, building the economic
infrastructures that we want and need,
building the educational infrastructures
and then even the family and societal
infrastructures that will be second half
of this year. But in the beginning, it
will build out more bond structures,
build out more buffers to allow everyone
to invest in these bonds over time. That
is the objective we have as Pioneer
Reserve and providing high stable
yields. But the new product launch will
be very exciting. You will hear much
more about this over the weekend on
Monday, but also first Sunday night here
in the Pioneer Academy on the YouTube
channel. Um, so I hope that was
interesting. Stay tuned for more Optimus
news. Stay tuned for more Cyber Cap
news. And I hope to see you tomorrow.