Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Might SpaceX Buy Tesla at 2x The Price?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY05Z_GVeWA
Published:   2026-06-03 18:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, welcome everybody. We're live
today. We've got Alexander Merz and we
got Joe Bacti. We have a very
interesting theory that Joe's going to
share with you. Something that is
incredibly interesting. So, by now most
of you are aware that SpaceX is going to
go IPO in June 12th and Friday. And
there's a lot of breadcrumbs that are
showing that SpaceX at some point will
announce that they will acquire Tesla.
Lots of reasons why they might want to
do that. uh but many of us are thinking
saying that if they are going to acquire
Tesla it might be a merger of equals
right both companies becoming about the
same price if SpaceX is valued at $2
trillion then whatever uh Tesla is
valued at at 1.3 trillion somewhere in
the future whatever the number is that
they will offer premium so to make them
both equal both $2 trillion well today
Joe believes that he has some other
breadcrumbs that he's following
and he thinks that it's possible that
SpaceX would acquire Tesla at $4
trillion. In fact, if if SpaceX is
valued at 2 trillion, that they would
acquire Tesla two times worth what they
are. So, we can talk about that. That
would be incredible for Tesla investors
if that's the case. How real is this?
So, why don't we start off with you,
Joe? Tell us why you're saying this.
Well, thanks first of all for having us
both here and great to meet you
Alexander. We had some good chats in the
past. Let me first uh frame that
correctly. So the reason I'm even
thinking about that is very simple. It
is not a prediction. It's not that I'm
saying it will be one to two or one to
three or one to one. It is more
something about framing the discussion
because I think what is circulating on X
and all over the place in the community
is that people are concerned about the
merger. Tesla shareholders are concerned
because they feel they have been waiting
for five years. Tesla is flatlining, but
a lot of things have happened to the
company and we are now all getting ready
for robo taxi potentially an explosion
in earnings if it scales as you and I
believe Herbert I think Alexander
probably too and there's a sense of oh
this would be so injust if SpaceX now
goes IPO at a very high valuation higher
than Tesla from a price earnings
perspective. I'm very bullish on SpaceX,
but I do believe they will have probably
a two-year time lag to actually catch up
to that valuation and to really trigger
orbital AI that is this exponential
earnings potential and Tesla will be
first. And so there is this concern in
the community that it's unfair a
onetoone merger, let's say two trillion
SpaceX, let's say Tesla at 1.5 trillion.
So we get 500 billion premium paid. Uh
that is kind of the scenario and then
there are all these rumors connected to
that saying oh Elon is trying to delay
robo taxi. Elon is trying to delay all
kinds of things so Tesla share price
doesn't go up so much because he wants
this merger to happen. That's kind of
the setting where I started to inquire a
little bit more. How strong is this
onetoone argument for Elon? How
important is it number one that we
merge, but number two, how important is
it that we merge one to one? And so I
started modeling this out with how many
shares do we have? Class A shares, class
B shares with his 10x votes per share
for SpaceX. That gives Elon 85% control
over SpaceX even though he only has 50%
economic interest. How does this compare
to Tesla's voting uh share of Elon where
the votes Elon has are equivalent to the
ownership has 19.09% 09% roughly and
what would happen in a 1 to1 merger and
what would happen in a one to2 merger
right that was my thinking to show or to
see myself is that even an incentive
that Elon has to get to a onetoone
merger and not to a one2 merger and what
I saw in the model when I model it all
out it is only a marginal difference in
Elon's control over the new merged
entity
so long story short. That is why I'm
convinced that Elon has no incentive of
driving that merger ratio in any way.
That is my big takeaway. Elon doesn't
care too much if it's one to two or one.
That's my first big
revelation here.
&gt;&gt; And then why am I even thinking about
that? Because from a pure prediction
perspective, you guys know that's kind
of what we're doing at Pioneer Lands.
They're trying to predict the future
long-term and short term. I just think
it's much more likely
uh that SpaceX will you know go public
reach 2 trillion but then has a problem
maintaining this price on a 9 to 12
months horizon just that's what I think
because the catalysts are missing a
little bit. So it will trend down while
Tesla will trend up potentially very
significantly. So
SpaceX at 1.5 trillion and Tesla at 3
trillion is in my opinion directionally
the most likely scenario in 12 months in
9 to 12 months. And so that's all the
dots I'm connecting here. That's why I
think this is just a very reasonable
scenario and I think this scenario can
actually happen for many reasons. And I
have of course a lot of unknowns and
questions that maybe Alexandra can even
help with which is when is this murder
likely to happen? What is in the
interest of the companies? Is it going
to be announced this year and is it
going to happen this year or more likely
next year? Because for me that is very
informative and important to predict
these valuations.
But my takeaway is it doesn't really
matter what the scenario is. A merger
can happen in basically nearly all
scenarios. So if Tesla would overtake
SpaceX in valuation, that is not a
reason that the merger cannot happen.
&gt;&gt; And the other breadcrumb that you jumped
on was that in the amendment they shared
that they have 36 billion shares
authorized. And can you explain a little
bit because that is way more than they
need, right? And that's like why do you
need 36 billion shares authorized?
&gt;&gt; So this is just a breadcrumb by the way.
This is not proof of anything. It's just
a breadcrumb that I find interesting as
someone who was managing a company was
majority shareholder in a company. We
had 16 million shares issued an
outstanding. If I would have gone to my
board and my other investors and would
have said I want to issue another 45
million or authorize another 45 million,
they would definitely have asked
questions like Joe what's your plan? Why
if we have 16 million out uh you know
outstanding why do you want to authorize
45 million? So that's the scenario here.
SpaceX currently has 12.86
billion
outstanding. So the entire company 100%
of the company
you know is the equivalent of 12.86
billion. So why do you have shelfd 36
billion? So basically three times the
total amount of what SpaceX currently is
worth. And that is just for me another
breadcrumb where I'm saying well at
least they could if they wanted to
acquire Tesla at two to even three times
their own valuation.
&gt;&gt; Joe, you just want to give me
electroshocks two to even three times.
&gt;&gt; Three times.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Well, that's now I conclude that is
the conclusion of my
uh dot connecting exercise. But of
course, Alexander knows a lot of things
and has a better understanding of
certain things. So, I'm more than happy
to listen to your perspective and see
what okay what you think
&gt;&gt; and I then I'm more than happy to share
it. Um and and just so that people
understand love Joe this is nothing
personal. I just try to give my
perspective. I am for this merger. I
have my scenario. We'll get into that
moment and you asked me the first
question should be when and see those
are my notes and the first word is when
&gt;&gt; that was uh exactly where I wanted to
start. So, um,
when the earlier the better. And I know,
I know, don't come running at me.
They're all like, "Oh, please. We want
robo taxes on the road. We want the
share price to appreciate." No, the
share price will appreciate. Why do I
want this the earliest possible? First
of all, for political reasons. At the
moment, Elon has the Trump
administration in lock grip. And I want
this to be used to get to where he
wants. And I I want to state also
because people go like, "Oh, all she
wants is protect Elon." Yes, that is my
number one goal. Of course, I will
always advocate for Tesla retail
shareholders. I am one. I'm 99%
invested. But if we don't have Elon,
this is all gone. Okay, so this just
supersedes everything. I have very
maternal feelings for Elon. I think he's
the genius of multiple decades, if not
centuries. So, I want to make sure we
get to protect him. And I've now studied
for two weeks the S1, the SpaceX
setup, the SpaceX prospectus
protects Elon like never a founder has
been protected. There are other
controlled entities out there, Google,
Meta, but none is as protective as
SpaceX is in terms of voting rights, in
terms of succession, in terms of many,
many aspects that, you know, you don't
really think about when you invest. Oh,
and I also want to insert there people
going, "Oh, Alexandra, explain to us how
economically this merger has
advantages." There are lots of people
including Joe and and Herbert who will
explain to you very well how
economically this makes sense. I think
there are very few people probably I'm
the only one who sees this from a
governance and financial engineering
standpoint. So I will stick to that
because that's what I know best and I'll
let the other people explain the
economics. I completely agree with the
economics. I think it these synergies
are much stronger. But don't run into me
and go for synergies. Go to Tesla Larry.
Go to Joe. Go to CERN. go to Herbert for
those questions. Now, back to to
governance.
Let me explain you why early and how my
Goldilock scenario would work.
There are a couple of things happening
on the Tesla side. Tesla has two
compensation packages for Elon as you
know. the 2025 package that we voted
recently and the 2018 package for which
we went through toneta and ups and downs
and lefts and rights and here we are
both now end up being restricted stock.
The 2025 package restricted stock a bit
more than 400 million have already been
included in Tesla stock count. 400
million that were inserted in November.
The 2018 package
has in April been announced to be
transferred to become restricted stock
that he has to hold until 2033 and work
for the company until then and all that.
But that is a two-step process. And the
first process is that he has to exercise
his options before August 15th. This is
in the next two months. And then that
adds 300 million stock because now it
exercise becomes restricted stock to the
share count. So Tesla's outstanding
shares today,
the day he exercises latest mid of
August, those shares will be 4 billion
stocks. That's important. Why? Let me
explain where Tesla comes from. When
Tesla IPOed in 2010,
they issued two billion stock but only
sorry they authorized two billion stock
but only issued less than a 100red
million. So 20 times more and you would
have had Joe at that moment tell you
they're going to buy GM for 20 times
because they have authorized stock for
20 times.
&gt;&gt; No Joe, that's unfortunately not how it
works. Nvidia, Meta, Google, they all
came out with an authorized stock
number, stock count much higher, three
times, four times, five times higher
than what they really issued because you
want to have a buffer to purchase Tesla
of course, but not at the maximum
authorized because you also want to do
stock splits. You also want to do
employee incentives, especially now in
AI times. I mean they are getting
already so much but they need that to
retain th those those employees. So
Tesla started at less than 100 million
with an authorized of of 2 billion. That
was enough until 2022 for 12 years. And
for the first stock split, that was
enough. Then at after the first stock
split, you remember was it 5 to1 the
first one? um we reached 1.3 billion and
then started
employee uh actions and all that and
people were screaming for a second stock
split. Before we could do that second
stock split, we had to increase the
number because we were at 1.3 billion
outstanding, two billion authorized. You
can't split because if even if you split
just two to one, you need it to increase
the authorized. So we did that. We did
that in the vote of 2022. You need a
shareholder vote to increase the share
count and that's why you want to put
these share counts high up so that you
don't have to go back to your
shareholders all the time and ask for
reauthorization of issuance allowance.
Okay. So all this to say Tesla is the
best example that you can have 20 times
the authorized number and still don't
acquire anything or inquire acquire
little stuff and you don't need to fill
up that gap. You can have that gap
running for 12 13 years and then
sometimes it will run out of space to do
what you want to do in this case the
second stock split and you will go up.
So at the moment Tesla has a six billion
authorization and after these exercise
of the stock options we will be middle
of August at 4 billion. Now to my to my
when answer. When might this
merger be announced?
For this stock option exercise to be the
most financially
advantages
to Elon,
Tesla stock price has to go up. the
higher it is,
the less he would need to either sell or
net. I think he will net or he will get
a loan for it. Whatever it is, the
higher the Tesla stock price, the less
it will cost him. So, I think that is
the first breadcrumb that brings me to
the August 15th date. I actually think
it will happen between end of July and
August. the announcement after the
SpaceX IPO.
&gt;&gt; Wait, Alexander, can you can you first
uh quickly explain?
&gt;&gt; Oh, first of all, let me just address
the 36 billion thing. As I said, this is
not proof it happens. It it's not proof
they're going to use all these shares.
And of course, they don't need to use
all these shares, but it's an indication
if they needed to spend more than 12
billion, let's say 24 billion, it's
already authorized. They don't have to
go back and ask the shareholders even
though they
&gt;&gt; they don't have 24 because they're
already at 12.8 as you pointed out. They
are going to issue for cursor. They're
going to issue for Echoar. So they're
already way out over the 12.8. And now
if you do 2:1
at equal market cap, you would need more
than 36. So you don't have the space
because all these you know you would
need more than 26 12 now 13 would need
26 to make a 2 to1. Okay we don't have
&gt;&gt; well the aist star and cursor are
completely marginal that's 3%
&gt;&gt; they're marginal but they bring us over
to 13 billion stock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so 13 and you want to have two on
the other side. So that's 26 + 13 we
would be at 39 there's only 36. So the 2
to1 doesn't doesn't hold. two to two to
1.9 or something. But anyway, so can you
explain, but that's very interesting to
me. Can you explain why you're saying
higher Tesla share price is actually
good or is better for Elon? Can you
explain that?
&gt;&gt; So
he the exercise of those stock options
happens in two phases. The first one is
everybody relax because I know we've had
exercises before to pay taxes and
whatever else and it always gave a shock
wave to the market because Elen needed
to sell to purchase uh or to pay taxes.
This is not it. The tax event is in
January 2028. We can sweat then but
don't sweat now. We have enough other
things to worry about at the moment.
This is just the bureaucratic exercise
of him purchasing the shares at 23.
Then it gets transformed into
RSUs, restricted stock units.
The process of that costs 7 billion. He
cannot sell SpaceX. Okay. So what can he
do? He can sell Tesla for 7 billion and
they're obviously the higher the better.
Or he can do a pledge there. Again, the
higher the better, the less he has to
pledge. Or he can do what is called a
net exercise. Meaning,
let's use approximate number. He
actually exercises
300, needs to pay 7 billion. But Tesla
lends him the 7 billion because he pays
them with stock. So he ends up, let's
say, with 290 billion. Okay? And that
delta between 300 and 290 is smaller if
the current price is higher. So in all
three scenarios, a higher current Tesla
price is advantageous to him.
&gt;&gt; So wait, Alexander, the big package that
Elon has, right, that he might get in
the future if Tesla hits all these very
ambitious goals. Does this package get
accelerated in a case of a merger or
does it
&gt;&gt; Oh, wa. You're going five chapters
ahead. Wait, wait, wait. slow. So we we
I promise I address that. I promise I
address that because I have that I have
thought through
too many times actually as many times to
actually counter
argument myself and then come back to my
original theory. But
&gt;&gt; oh by the way Alexander since we have
you here there's another huge question
that concerns everyone which is a more
tactical question and that is leap call
options on Tesla. Uh, I did some
research on it, but I'm not totally
sure. I don't know if you know the
details.
&gt;&gt; No, you have to go to James. Jamesa
explains that part very well. I I really
want to make once and for all clear. I
know what I know, but I also know what
other people explain better than me,
right? So, I do believe I'm really good
at governance and financial engineering
and all that, but I also know who is
better at explaining other things. I'd
never go to me for supply chain. I'd go
to Jeff, right? um for for options and
how to trade that long stuff and
whatever, go to James. For
economics, my first
person to recommend is Amy. She thinks
this through strategically and synergies
and whatever, please go to her. If you
want to have a really good view on
SpaceX
and how this all integrates, Larry, so I
I I just don't want to have this head
that I know it all because I don't, you
know, I I can and CERN I mean CERN in
financial projections, it's a beauty.
And then if you want the most
good-looking, you go to Joe. No, sorry.
You go to Herbert. No, I'm just joking.
So anyway,
&gt;&gt; both of us Herbert and we are the power
the power.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, so I just want to make sure
I I answer where I did my research and
you can you know take it to the bank and
again always with the caveat I may be
wrong but I did what I could to research
it but on the other topics I also want
to refer to other people who have done
their part. So um going going to the
when question Trump administration
his own option cycle
and then more importantly is the time a
merger will take getting this merger to
final approval. So, because there are
two main moments in a merger, the
announcement, well, actually three, but
let's start. The announcement and then
when it actually merges and there's only
one stock ticker now trading the
combined entity. In the middle is a
shareholder vote by Tesla.
Could anybody else than Elon attempt
what I'm going to say now? No. Does that
mean he will attempt this? I don't know.
but he's crazy enough to try. What does
that mean? There have to be a couple of
weeks of SpaceX trading already so that
the price settles. And as we know,
they're going to be horrendous forces
working on this price. They're going to
be the three big index inclusions, MR,
um, Footsie, CISP, and NASDAQ all in the
first 15 trading days. But
they are not doing everything now
because the float is going to be so
small. It's 4.3 plus maybe these 5% of
friends and family. The big lot of fresh
lockup period sellers is going to come
after the Q2 results. So that's second
half of July. So but then they cannot
adjust those indices. Indices are
rebalanced as we all know once a
trimester. So these three indices will
have a major impact in the first three
weeks and then they will have another
impact at the rebalancing in September
and in December. Okay? Because they will
adjust every time to the floats then. So
it's not a one-off for these three. And
then comes the big one which is middle
of December the S&amp;P inclusion which
could go into 100 plus billion purchases
bigger than the Tesla 2020 who was there
in 2020 has not forgotten what that
means. So we're actually going through
three phases of the initial three and
then comes the biggie. So we having six
seven months of continued
forced purchases and the numbers I throw
out are only those that are passive
index funds that have to do it. You have
to add to that all the active funds but
obviously they are much less predictable
but these amounts are really higher than
we think. At the same time, they tried
to put the lock up periods in steps to
sort of help with this. But this is, you
know, this is finger in the air trying
to do your best. This is you can't time
this the way you want. So, what I'm
saying is that price will be shaky, but
most likely uptrending just because the
the power of these index funds. I hate
index funds. You all know I've been
talking about years how I hate it. But
this now really shows, you know, why
they are so dangerous. They look cheap.
They give the voting rights to these
entities, but also they have a power
that nobody can stop. They just roll in
there now. And the index makers are even
worse. But anyway, so let me just add as
well, we do not know the SNP response
yet. They did a public hearing. We're
waiting for that any day now. um whether
they will do that accelerated six months
inclusion which would then mean middle
of December at lower floats than they
usually require and completely waving
the profitability
um topic
as soon as we know that we know that
December will be another wave. So for
the SpaceX
stock while it will be shaky it will
most likely uptrend. Okay. And the
numbers you now hear, the whispering
numbers go into the three, four
trillion. I mean, I'm sweating it
already, but I'm cheering it on. Why am
I cheering it on? Because I do believe
that the offer is going to be highly
unconventional, but not unposs
impossible. The offer is going to be
SpaceX is proposing to purchase Tesla at
the same market cap.
So if I and they will say we're going to
weigh it over three weeks or I don't
know you know there will be a formula
but there will be something that is
&gt;&gt; what is the rationale like that it has
it should be one to one like why not one
to 1.1 1.0 02 0.9
&gt;&gt; it's going to be first of all it's going
to be easier to convince everybody I
mean as you know it's not going to be
complicated to convince anybody on space
except because there's only one ruler
right it's not a dictatorship but it's
an it's an emperor if we want to call it
&gt;&gt; let me ask you a bunch of questions for
the technicalities that are very
important for the economics so let's say
I don't know August 15th or something is
the announcement where they say boom
here's an offer so let me First
understand this, let me ask very
specific questions since we have you
here and everyone asks these questions.
So okay, August 15th they want to
announce something. Obviously they
cannot announce a merger. They can
announce an offer because the
shareholders have to vote on it. So they
say here's the offer. The the most
important question for me is when is the
vote? Can that vote be at any point in
time? Probably. But then you need still
to organize the process, right? you need
to do a little campaign because people
need to know that they need to get
ready. So there will be some delay. What
is your take on it? Because you can't
just wait until November if you do it in
August because all kinds of things can
happen.
&gt;&gt; But you need to Oh, no wait. So So this
is I mean first of all I think this is
starting to bake for a while now.
Herbert and me have done a couple of
analysis that we actually I think this
has been starting to be prepared for at
least a year. Okay. now not prepared in
the sense that it needed to be included
in into the S1 alite they're saying very
clearly in the allite we want to acquire
with those shares so they they made it
very clear so the
announcement
then follows some experts you need some
investment bankers to have fair value
evaluations is this fair and you then
need the boards now SpaceX board I'm not
worried about because it's a controlled
entity like I said there is an emperor
&gt;&gt; wait let me let me understand when you
say why do you need to assess if it's
fair I mean the shareholders
&gt;&gt; well that's just the way it goes with
mergers you need fair value evaluations
you need you need to provide proof that
professional experts in exactly this
field consider the offer fair so there
you have lawyers you have bankers that
this is a quite something and
&gt;&gt; but of course no one I mean that I
wouldn't I don't care about these people
like I said if it's fair
&gt;&gt; well you don't but that's the SEC those
are NASDAQ requirements those are there
there is more than just retail investors
for that so anyway so that goes for a
while and then the board has all this
because you know let's be very clear the
can I say this word cover your ass uh in
this whole process is super important
you know everybody involved is going to
say oh I have this from this person
that's going to reassure me on this so
there There is a lot of there is a lot
of um I need an expert so I am not the
one saying it in in this whole thing.
Special committees okay there will be a
special committee on Tesla's side. There
will also be one on SpaceX's side. But
like I said the SpaceX side you you with
a 10 for one voting power. We can ignore
talking about will this pass SpaceX. But
what is important is actually Tesla's
board and Tesla's board may actually
come up with conditions. I laid out
yesterday a couple of uncomfortable
things in the S1. One thing I'm
uncomfortable about is that the full 10
the full class B shares if Elon should
pass are given to his family members.
I'm uncomfortable about that. Meta and
Google
have in theirs that their super voting
shares go back to normal shares if they
get incapac incapacitated or or die.
Okay. In Elon's case, he wants to hand
them down to his children.
I love children. I made five myself. But
I I feel that's a point that Tesla's
board should address because there, like
I said, this is also a negotiation. And
the board of Tesla is representing us.
So, this may be something they want to
look into and say, "Okay, we could agree
to this. would could be agreeable to
this merger but we would like a clause
where it's not automatically going to
your family members but there is some
succession planning or whatever else
right so so there are stuff that can
still be discussed in that period and
then Tesla's board issues a proxy a
proxy with a date of record where you
have to hold shares to be able to vote
not options so all those holding the
leaps it's not your leaps that are going
to come like and then there's going to
be a vote in that vote you need 50% of
outstanding share. So it's an uphill
&gt;&gt; but that vote doesn't need to be at the
shareholder meeting. That can be
scheduled any time. Right.
&gt;&gt; It can be at any time but I do believe
the earliest it could be scheduled
because a proxy has a six week minimum
publication period for this size of of
companies. For smaller ones you can do
shorter, but this size you need to give
the time and especially Tesla is the
biggest well maybe now soon SpaceX but
up to now Tesla is the biggest retail
shareholder participation right more
than 10 million retail shareholders
worldwide are there so if you want to
make sure everybody can vote you have to
give them six weeks
&gt;&gt; so I I get it so there's a six week time
and everything but here's what I don't
understand Alexander I want to be very
specific because you know you're the
master of governance but I am my own
little master of money. So from a money
perspective, what I don't understand is
if August 15th is the offer and November
is the vote and what is that offer?
Let's say it's a onetoone offer. Let's
say let's just assume Tesla at 1.5
trillion at that moment of offer and
SpaceX at 2 trillion. The offer is one
to one saying okay we buy Tesla for two
trillion right not or that's the first
question is it for two trillion or is it
for the market cap of SpaceX at the
moment of execution
&gt;&gt; there we go now you're getting there
exactly
&gt;&gt; questions for me as Tesla like what
happens if between the offer and the
execution SpaceX drops to 1.5 trillion
and Tesla goes to three trillion saying
it happens it could like whatever
happens in between how do we how do we
handle that?
&gt;&gt; That is exactly the right question. So
if it is announced how I think it is
again that's unconventional but I'm
still thinking that is it because that's
why I'm so fixated on share counts and
everything. Okay, then
the announcement is at equal market caps
and let's say we have let's go very
extreme just because with extreme
numbers it becomes clearer by then
SpaceX is at 4 trillion. Okay, I know
it's not but just at that announcement
Tesla would share price would
immediately jump
&gt;&gt; but I would pick on that because there
is a huge unknown. The unknown is
&gt;&gt; let me finish please.
&gt;&gt; Are they going to vote yes or not? No
one knows that.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So it depends on two. So it
would immediately jump to what level? If
the certainty is that the vote will
pass, excuse me, at 4 trillion, it will
pass. If anybody's stupid enough to vote
no at 4 trillion.
&gt;&gt; Well, but Alexander, it needs to be four
trillion at the vote.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me get there. Let me get
there. So if it is at equal market cap
and SpaceX at that moment is at four
trillion and again please don't quote me
and any journalist I'm not saying it's
at four trillion I'm just doing this as
a thought exercise so that we have a
high number and a low number and Tesla
was at 1.5 will it catch up to four
trillion no it will not because actually
SpaceX at that moment may come down a
bit okay let's say for the thought
exercise it comes down to three and
Tesla doubles from one and a half to
three now they're both at three that
That would mean people believe the vote
goes through because now they're at
equal market caps and everything will
happen that way. Okay. I do believe the
market will actually be more confident
in a yes vote than I am always because
I'm just so over nervous about these
votes all the time. Right. I do believe
and and people usually don't even
understand that it takes 50% of
outstanding votes. You know, in our
circles, we have mastered this because
we went through it so many times. But
the the normal investor institutional or
retail.
&gt;&gt; But Alexander I I get the whole point
that my problem my issue with this whole
thinking or planning is this is all
pending on one giant assumption that I
think could be wrong. There are
reasonable scenarios where this is just
wrong and that assumption is that SpaceX
is significantly higher valued than
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Well, now let me just finish my first
one and I get to that and you are right
that is the risk. There's nothing that
is guaranteed here. So it would jump to
three and from that moment on, so three
for a 4 billion shares outstanding
Tesla price
is how much is let's say a thousand.
Okay, let's just um
&gt;&gt; it's double what it is now.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And on the other side, 4
billion would be triple what it is now.
So it would be whatever. So it doesn't
mean the stock price is the same. It's
the market cap that is the same. But
from that moment on there would be what
is called merger arbitration. Meaning
both stocks will move in lock step. And
&gt;&gt; wait wait wait wait no Joe you don't let
me finish. You never let me finish.
Please let me go through it until the
end and then you can bring all your and
again
&gt;&gt; this is my goldilocks. This is not sure
to happen but this is what I think might
happen. So three and three and then they
lock and then they move together. Now
move together means a rocket exploses,
it goes down. Um, lock step means
suddenly there come doubts that the boat
goes through well and then they
decouple. Or it could mean robo taxex
now launches and then Tesla pulls stock
uh SpaceX or it means comes the next
index fund inclusion wave, SpaceX pulls
Tesla. So they will pull each other ups
or downs.
You now have to consider both news for
both stock prices.
Then comes the vote. If the vote is yes,
it's not done yet. Then come regulators.
But that's why my scenario is it has to
happen soon because at the moment
regulators are favorable. Okay? Because
it takes one regulator that whatever.
And my
open questions during all this period
are Tesla China.
I still have no answers. You know, I I
think this through. I don't know whether
this can be firewalled or not. I don't
know. And then obviously succession
planning and these class B shares in
case of So those are my current
questions. But now please bring your
critics.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh
I have some commentary on the economics.
That's like my field. So there I'm going
to push back a little bit before I have
a question to you on the politics and
Trump and everything. Why do you think
it's so important to do it before the
midterms? Do you think like normally
there shouldn't be any changes in the
administration even if the Democrats
win, right? I mean there should still be
the same SEC chair and everyone like
overseeing FTC or whoever's in charge of
mergers like making sure this is like
fine. So isn't that you know wouldn't
that be safe for the next two years
independent of the house?
&gt;&gt; I mean if they lose both house and
senate everything you know all
committees everything gets difficult and
impeach they can just you know they can
call special committees they can call
Elon in to testify.
It just I do believe Elon is a target
and I do believe Democrats understand
very well if this is a merged entity.
Tesla as a target does not exist
anymore. What they did to us 18 months
ago would not have been possible if
Tesla was part of SpaceX. I mean SpaceX
obviously was private then anyway, but
nobody is going to touch SpaceX. It is
so critical for America's defense. So I
I have
now will it be consumed before the
midterms in no case because after the
vote there is still four months minimum
probably seven months to get all
regulators in line. Will it be
accelerated because he has friends in
the administration? I hope so. So my my
scenario is that a real replacement of
the tickers and one entity being born
which probably has the X ticker because
nobody knows where it is anymore. Um
Q2 2027.
&gt;&gt; So we basically have you you're saying
there is some kind of a just a risk uh
percentage coming in like if we wait
beyond the midterms too long it just
increases risk 5 10% or something. It's
not a clear problem. Okay. Now, let me
get to the economics. Here's the issue.
So, I would agree that they start moving
in lock step, but only as a ratchet,
only in one direction. As long as SpaceX
goes up, yes, it pulls up Tesla because
SpaceX going up means the deal remains
attractive. But if Tesla overtakes
SpaceX, it decouples because the vote
would turn into no. If I'm a Tesla
shareholder and my shares are at 800 and
the offer is at 600 effectively
translated, of course I'm going to vote.
Why would I vote yes? I mean, maybe I
would vote yes because I'm crazy and I
believe Elon knows what he's doing. But
normal people, they would say, are you
crazy? My shares without SpaceX would be
800 now or 900 because something big
happened, Roboaxi, whatever, and SpaceX
dropped. So now you want to buy an $800
share for 600. That's
&gt;&gt; that's not how it works. That's not how
it works. Currently, we're at 420. Okay,
let's just say we continue at 420 and
the SpaceX price skyrockets. Okay, and
they announce it.
And actually, just as a little
parenthesis, I don't think Elon knows
when he will announce it. He wants to
see how that SpaceX price evolves.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because he wants to give it as high as
possible in a real moment of aoria
announce it. Okay. Well, but that
doesn't hit because it needs to be a
moment of euphoria when the vote is
&gt;&gt; just saying
&gt;&gt; then
&gt;&gt; announcement is fine.
&gt;&gt; Tesla goes up then Tesla. So, one thing
you should research before you do next
video screaming about that because I can
already see it coming is merger
arbitrage hedge funds. Okay? Because
those are the ones that are actually the
major players in this coupling or
decoupling, right? They are they are the
ones doing the dirty job if you want to
do so and and you are right there is
stuff that could lead to certain
decoupling but not not triple underlined
where the retail shareholders might vote
no this vote depends on retail
shareholders but by far not as much it
depends on Elon 20% of outstanding
shares and it depends on Black Rockck
and Vanguard
Vanguard is already in SpaceX and in
Tesla. So I do believe they are on
Elon's side. Black Rockck has expressed
that they want to have 10 billion of the
IPO now. So I do believe that plus ARC
plus Baron plus a third of retail will
bring us over the line. Okay. So whether
Tesla retail feels like oh uh now Tesla
by itself should go up or not
&gt;&gt; is it 50% but but but but
damn it please. Um
but Tesla retail shareholders suddenly
having 800 on their screens.
Do you really think they're going to say
no? I'm going to go for no. I may go
down to 420 again, but I think 800 is
not as nice as 900.
When you have all the time now index
funds pulling and Tesla going up for no
reason, no more robo taxi on the street
just because SpaceX pulls it up. I think
that the key to it this all was
understanding what they were doing with
these index funds. I mean, you have the
bears screaming Let's say Alexander we
can we can separate these issues. First
question is uh is it 66% or 50% needed?
&gt;&gt; 50 50 plus one.
&gt;&gt; 50 + one for a merger like that.
&gt;&gt; Yes. 50%
&gt;&gt; but it's it's all shares though. That's
the problem.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. All shares. Yeah. Okay. 50%
plus one of all shares. So I want to
push back. This is not about retail.
It's about anyone who understands
economics and has no alternative
ulterior motive because they're also
heavy investors in SpaceX. So that
includes some retail, that includes some
institutional. They will all think the
same way. They will think economically
and they will think I'm not going to
vote yes on a merger that underpays me
at the moment of vote. And if SpaceX is
at 2 trillion, three trillion, whatever,
it becomes very easy. But if anything
happens and SpaceX goes to 1.5 trillion
and Tesla launches Robboexi and scales
that and we go organically to 600 or
700, you have an imbalance. That's the
problem. And I'm not
&gt;&gt; I do good news. I do believe the good
news on both sides and I g give you
SpaceX's good news are mainly going to
be these index inclusions. I know you
want to but they are real. Uh and and
Teslas are much more tangible. Flying
Roadster,
the bot number three, bot version three,
the robo taxi rollout. But they will
play as ladders.
They will the Tesla good news will pull
up the SpaceX good news. The SpaceX new
demand will pull up the Tesla good
demand. I see the next six months the
most glorious six months coming.
So I'm this is not a discussion about
what I think will exactly happen. It's a
discussion for a specific scenario that
could happen where SpaceX is basically
clearly below Tesla right intrinsically.
And I'm not saying that is what I
believe will happen. I'm just saying it
definitely can happen. And in that case
there's a problem.
That's all I'm saying. Well, c can
cannot a a smaller company SpaceX still
buy a larger company Tesla?
&gt;&gt; No. I mean, next question for Alexander
like if they make an offer, they can
change the offer, right? Short term. If
they make an onetoone market cap offer,
they can't can they adjust it before the
&gt;&gt; They can adjust it. Yeah, there will be
discussions. There will be sessions with
the bankers, with the board of Tesla, of
course. I mean, do I think they will
prepare that offer already
having heard some comments? Yeah. But do
I also think that there will be comments
coming afterwards? Of course. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When do they actually have to tell you
&gt;&gt; once it's in the proxy? It's in the
proxy. Once we have a text in the proxy
and then the other point
&gt;&gt; you need to see the data, right?
&gt;&gt; So when when they make the announcement,
you believe it's going to be in August
15th or mid August because you think
that he needs to have it prepared before
the November shareholder meeting and
that's when we'll do the vote. But if he
makes the announcement, that
announcement could simply just be we
have an intention of the two merging and
then only when the proxy comes would
they have the actual data like the
actual intention of the
&gt;&gt; the equals heard it. I I mean this
because you know this is highly unusual
because it's two companies I have to
controlled Tesla is not controlled but
controlled by the same person right so
you have to this is not Daimler Chrysler
where you have two different entities
this is where you have two brothers
two siblings sorry brothers makes
straight away strange scenario two
siblings moving in together. So,
&gt;&gt; sorry about that.
&gt;&gt; I I'm I'm trying to stay out of any
politics now. Um, but it's uh so I don't
know how firm the details of the
announcement can be. And and Warren made
actually a good point a couple of a
couple of weeks ago.
Does this mean nobody else can make an
offer? Tesla is very attractive to many
others.
&gt;&gt; So if another offer comes on the table,
you know, does that delay all the things
that that put the board in a very
awkward position? Of course, everybody
would like this to merge, but
really
&gt;&gt; that's for me not the main concern for
me. The question is also like I am not
convinced that this makes sense the
procedure and my concern is if you come
out mid of August with a one to one
merger market cap one to one offer I
think it's too crazy there are too many
things that can go completely wrong so
the question is can they make a more
dynamic offer they can they
&gt;&gt; can there are cups there are colors
there colors there I mean that it can
become much more structure Ed, it can
become much more structured and it can
become much more precise. Okay, yeah,
there have been offers where they say a
minimum of this price and a maximum of
that price. That is all possible. Okay,
but that goes even more into guessing
land. And I just felt much more
comfortable with this market cap
again. And let me also let me also let
me add one more let me add one more
breadcrumb because I'm always very
transparent. So this has been going in
my head for months. Okay. I saw things
coming. I thought oh this is strange but
whatever. And didn't have much
information on the SpaceX side because
it was a private company and and so
retroactively lots of things made sense
but at the moment it was still still
very vague. But one thing I so I sensed
this merger like many did. I mean it was
Elon saying oh my company suddenly
converge
joking right um so so it wasn't as you
know I wasn't inventing anything they
were clearly breadcrumbs and then and
Herbert knows that because I was going
on and on in my pedantic German way
about what's the share count because
like I explained at the be I mean I know
&gt;&gt; are you saying I'm pedantic
&gt;&gt; no no I am I'm so um
So the the the the thing was I knew the
2025 400 million had to be inserted. I
had no clue how they're going to do it
with the 2018. So now suddenly in April
they made this agreement and suddenly
the share uh the the the stock options
had to be exercised 15th of August and
all that. All this is constructed right.
There was no need to do this and then
all these index
tightening bringing them closer float
requirements suddenly unleashed and
stuff like that.
I was coming back to the share count. I
said okay if this is happening what's
the share count because if you do it on
market cap you need the share count
because what is a market cap? It's
number of shares times current price. So
the the number of shares is prominently
important in this whole thing. So I kept
going back to Tesla official I mean
official emails from my account to them
saying what's the share count? What's
the sharehold? What's the sharehound? No
answer.
No answer. And then at one point I just
said stop asking about the stair price.
I said okay I stop asking. So there is
something there right that does is that
a breadcrumb I don't know but
&gt;&gt; I I think like I I can just give you my
my uh math perspective I think first of
all the lock step theory you can forget
the the function of the share prices
will be a function of the deal offer
right that's how the market will behave
depending what that offer is and I think
that offer needs to be somehow dynamic
because it needs to you know take into
consideration these scenarios if you
have 2 trillion 1.5 5 whatever it is at
the offer time Spac X can go up and
Tesla can go up Space X can go down
Tesla goes up Tesla can go down SpaceX
can go down so these are the scenarios
you have to deal with and uh that is
what the whatever who's in charge of
lock step like the market will look at
so I think there needs to be some form
of dynamic formula that says here's the
acquisition offer right and that is
something mathematically challenging ing
that I'm sure they will have very smart
people figuring out, but I'm pretty sure
it will be some form of dynamic offer
that takes that into consideration and
that will be interesting and that will
determine how the shares trade because
that's the economics behind it.
&gt;&gt; I the only once we're in lock step once
we're in lock step I want every morning
a post from you I present my apologies.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Well, if unless they come up with
a formula that is a lock step formula,
but that lock step formula can
definitely not be a onetoone market cap.
So, if they come up with some dynamic
lockep formula, that is probably
possible to come up with, but that thing
will be more complex.
&gt;&gt; Now, let me let me sum it up. We did
debunk your two to one. Okay. Can we
agree on that?
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no.
&gt;&gt; So, go ahead. Don't don't tell us how.
&gt;&gt; My my one to2 was not a prediction. this
is going to happen. It was saying there
must be a dynamism in here because we
have to account for these scenarios and
it can it will not be a fixed one to
one. It could be anything. It could be
one to one, one to two, one to three or
one to 0.5
depending on the dynamics of the stock.
So my real takeaway from that was a
onetoone lock step
is probably not going to happen because
that wouldn't work. That would introduce
massive risks for the deal like massive.
&gt;&gt; Is it possible that SpaceX decides to
buy Tesla but Tesla's worth more? Let's
say let's play with his idea that it's
one for every one SpaceX you'll buy two
times whatever the price is Tesla. Is
that possible? and then maintain the
share structure the class B shares the
class A shares that he has
&gt;&gt; I mean in any case as Tesla shareholders
will only get class A right class B is
reserved to
&gt;&gt; he maintains his structure that he gets
to control the company the the merge
company because that's what's most
important
&gt;&gt; he will still have by far uh the
majority of voting rights by far
&gt;&gt; and Joe's calculation was that if in
that weird scenario stu crazy wild
scenario that SpaceX buys Tesla two
times its price so let's say that the
we're at 1.4 trillion, they'll buy it at
3 trillion. Tesla at 3 trillion. If he
does that, Tesla's his calculations show
that Elon's combined share of the entire
combined shares only down by 5%. So,
it's not a big deal.
&gt;&gt; His voting rights, his voting rights
don't lose a lot.
&gt;&gt; Don't change. But his ownership also
only go down by 5%. That's what he's
pointed out. 35% to 29%.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I mean, by the way, let me ownership
which is which is not a big deal for
him. also interrupt here just to give
you an example of one deal that would
make more sense. For example, if they
say we have a onetoone market cap
acquisition at the point of vote but a
minimum total absolute number. So we do
a onetoone but at a minimum 2.5 trillion
or whatever at a minimum a a 50% premium
over current Tesla market cap. And if
SpaceX falls below that, they need to
have a not 101, right? Because at that
point, you have certainty and then you
have lock step. Then the Tesla share
will say, "Okay, now we drive the stock
to that point because now everyone knows
we're going to vote yes." And then
you're right, Alexandra, but that can
only happen if there's a ratchet
situation. The Tesla, you cannot go into
that with a risk that SpaceX falls and
drags down the Tesla acquisition because
then people will vote no. And that's so
I think if you offer one to one but
guarantee a minimum of let's say 2.5
whatever 2.3 trillion 2.5 trillion so
you know Tesla okay fine now I'm getting
750 minimum or whatever SpaceX if space
is worth more I get more and then you
have a don't then you don't have a lock
step you have basically the Tesla share
going to that price because it's
guaranteed. I mean, I'm not saying
you're not right. I'm wondering whether
that's in the spirit of what a stock
market should do. But again, I do not
know how they will formulate it. I do
not know whether they will put a floor
to it. I don't know whether they will
put a collar to it. I don't know. I do
believe
the higher
SpaceX goes, the better the offer will
be.
Well, if it stays there,
&gt;&gt; that's the problem. And it will, you
know, how the market is right now. I'm
just pushing back because it's so crazy,
right? It will get
&gt;&gt; I just want to reiterate, I would love
to finish some sentences. I And I just
would like to reiterate
the setup what they put in place for six
months.
You know, this is not random. these how
the lockup period
comes down and how the index fund
purchases go in. This is not random.
Indexes have been changed.
Remember 2020 when we all wanted S&amp;P to
take to include Tesla for multiple
quarters. We were screaming we're having
all the conditions why don't you include
us and S&amp;P didn't move. Now all big
index makers changed their rules
completely, softened their rooms
completely for one IPO. Of course they
are saying it's for open AI and and
anthropic as well, but those are not on
the list yet. Right here we are. So
knowing what we learned and knowing what
Elon learned since PayPal, the IPO,
Delaware, the 2020 index inclusion,
Toneta case, whatever else, the way they
set up the S1 prospectus to protect him
in every way. And the way they set up
these initial six months is not only
for SpaceX to rally. They don't need
SpaceX to rally. SpaceX two years ago
was 250 billion and is now probably two
trillion right before we finish this
show and who knows how much next week.
So that is not the main driver. The main
driver is get SpaceX much higher
consistently over many weeks.
And why do they do that? And that's how
I got to my conclusion.
All I'm saying is I think they need to
put in a ratchet meaning a guaranteed
absolute dollar amount if they want to
have certainty on the Tesla side because
if they don't do that
&gt;&gt; wait wait wait on the Tesla retail side
the institutions understand this
&gt;&gt; institute no no institutions will act
exactly as I say unless they have
significant stakes in SpaceX then they
have a different motive but if you're a
pure Tesla investor including
institutions, they will all think in
basic economics. They are not going to
agree to getting acquired below their
market value.
&gt;&gt; So, give me the four that it takes.
Vanguard, Black Rockck, Arc, and Baron.
The last two more for
opinion making, the first two for real
money. They all have significant stakes
in both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And even by the way, yeah,
&gt;&gt; they still have to fiduciary duties as
Tesla shareholders. By the way, just to
be clear,
&gt;&gt; yeah, Alexander was never saying I don't
believe that she's been proposing that
it's got to be a onetoone that that that
merch of eagles thing was other people
who proposing it and convinced uh others
that said this makes sounds for us. But
the her point is simply that there's
going to be an acquisition that there's
too many breadcrumbs to say that that's
not been planned and B she thinks which
is wild saying that it might actually
actually be announced by August
because it has to be uh the the November
has to be the Tesla shareholder vote and
that's it. And then if you look the 6
months from July June 12th to 6 months
that's when the S&amp;P inclusion you kind
of have a little bit of guarantee not
guarantee but you know a little bit more
floor that you're not going to see the
stock fall. It'll go up and down, but
but as it gets closer to November,
&gt;&gt; I'm when you know that in January you
got a huge buyer that's got to pay by
buy. It's going to go up in November,
December.
&gt;&gt; If you don't put in a hot ratchet in
&gt;&gt; No. No. Yeah. So, I think we agree, both
of us probably agree that your model, we
don't know how it's going to be
structured, but I think you made a good
point. It probably could be structured
the way you're suggesting, not a one.
None of us here are saying that it's
Yeah. If you guys are right and they
keep SpaceX up there, the ratchet
doesn't go into effect. They will
everyone gets what they want. The
ratchet is only
&gt;&gt; they have to convince the Tesla
shareholders to con to do it and it's
going to be November and and
this is just incredible because you guys
are throwing in a bunch of uh
breadcrumbs to guess what
&gt;&gt; you are the also the master of
governance. You know, you cannot force
minority shareholder to vote to override
their interests if it's clearly against
the economic interest. Right? If you
force a merger below market price,
that's not good. Even if you have the
majority,
&gt;&gt; what what I like about Joe's proposal is
that you've heard Elon say many times, I
will take care of you guys. I will take
care of you Tesla. I will, you know, do
you shareholders who've been there, this
is his way because he controls SpaceX.
he can buy Tesla at whatever price he
wants to buy Tesla and then you do need
to give a premium in order to convince
the shareholders to agree to it one
time. Once you agree that he now
controls he now controls his combined
entity forever without any needing to
get any more shareholder again.
&gt;&gt; I mean I I tell everybody I will be
unemployed once for SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; We don't need your governance analysis
anymore.
&gt;&gt; And by the way maybe this helps maybe
these discussions help because you know
how it goes. They have smart people, but
sometimes they need some input. If let's
assume Alexandra is right and they have
the share price of SpaceX kind of under
control with all these funds coming in,
so it it doesn't go down, my proposal
here would then not change any economics
for them, right? If you go to three
trillion or 2.5 trillion with SpaceX,
then you do the ratchet and say this is
the guaranteed minimum price and SpaceX
goes up from there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They don't need to guarantee
they'll buy Tesla at 2.5 trillion which
is where 1.5
and the guarantee advantage is then
everyone is going to vote yes and then
everyone knows they're going to vote yes
and then the stock price goes up and
then no one knows anymore what Tesla is
worth and then you have yours lock step.
It's not a lock step.
&gt;&gt; You certainly want to let the upside
run. You don't want to lock it in with a
fixed price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A ratchet. You have the upside but
not the downside. I think what they
normally do, don't they, Alexander?
Don't they say something like this? Like
whatever the stock price is of the
company that I'm going to acquire, I'll
do a 30% premium on top of that.
&gt;&gt; Whatever it is,
&gt;&gt; they're going to go with percentage this
time. But again,
&gt;&gt; delay, right? At what point in time?
&gt;&gt; No, at the time of purchase so that you
can convince the the people to invest.
&gt;&gt; No, it needs to be at the time of offer
otherwise you have a game theory
problem, right? If you say
&gt;&gt; it has to be at the time of offer.
Exactly. It has to be at the time of
offer and it has to survive the couple
of months until the merger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can given given everything you guys
talked about, what is the expectation
for Tesla's roll out because robo taxi
rollout could happen. Uh we seeing all
the cyber cabs we're going to see this
maybe get let's give it three months
from now the stock you know tremendous
growth and it just it's just spreading
and then they show the optimist reveal
give that in September.
What happens to Tesla stock at that
point? I mean the good I think the good
let's play this through because it could
be helpful even for Tesla basically if
they're watching. So the good news is if
you make a good offer in August, right?
Let's say Tesla's at 500 in August and
you put in that ratchet offer whatever
that you get onetoone with SpaceX but at
a minimum 800 bucks per share or
whatever it is 750
then I think you win as SpaceX because
then Tesla stock goes up to 750 not lock
step but then it's frozen and goes up if
SpaceX goes up but not below because
it's guaranteed and then no one knows
anymore what Tesla would be worth if
Robo taxi scales like if it would be
worth more or less, right? And then the
narrative or the mindset is well, we got
our premium.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's why I think the August
date that Alexander's proposing makes
actually more sense because you want to
announce it sooner than later and then
you roll then you go and go here's an
optimist, here's a robo taxi, and that
will make SpaceX stock go up. That's
what Alexander's been saying this whole
time. That would be a smart.
&gt;&gt; Let me also say August 15 is my latest
date. Now I have no feeling because
there is no historic precedent on how
quickly they could announce it. Could
they announce it two weeks after the
IPO? Could they announce I mean wouldn't
it be wonderful if it was already
announced before index? But let me just
finish. But the thing is what they want
is a higher
market cap. So my last date in my
scenario and maybe I'm dreaming is the
15th of August and my first day is
probably just before the NASDAQ
inclusion which is three weeks after the
12th of June. So sometimes between end
of June and the 15th of August.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And the reason why this can happen
now is because they made an amendment
and the S1 amendment actually now says
because we were all looking for this in
the prospectus and it wasn't there and
we were saying to you Alexander how
could they announce an acquisition if
they didn't prepare the before the IPO
that would be you know like you can't
you can't do that but they they kind of
did right because they now said we're
reserving this
&gt;&gt; and and it in the amendment so even a
blind man could see it you know it's
actually much more effective to put it
in amendment where people say so what
are the changes but oh then if you put
it buried into 300
&gt;&gt; buried in that's
&gt;&gt; I think this is a very good discussion
it was very clarifying for me because I
see now more what exactly could happen
that actually makes sense number one
that's more an Alexander question I
don't think they can announce it two
weeks or one week after IPO because that
might be a fiduciary duty problem like
if you if you can prove they knew it
before IPO and didn't tell in the IPO. I
think that's an issue you need to have.
&gt;&gt; Well, they did tell it in the amendment,
but they sell out Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, in any case, I think here's a
scenario that could work. And I'm not
talking as a retail investor. By the
way, we are institutional now. So, I'm
kind of a both. I'm doing it personally
and institutionally. So, I think it's
just an economics question. I think if
you would do the following. If you make
an offer and that's more independent of
uh SpaceX's market cap even though it's
good if it's high and you say we do a
onetoone but you at a minimum get where
we are right now. So if you fall below
we have a ratchet then it's not a
onetoone. You're frozen there. Then then
the market would say that's a pretty
good offer. we had 500 they pay they are
paying 750 let's say whatever it is
right then everyone says fine that's a
pretty good offer for right now for
August whatever it is then the stock
goes up there and from there moves up
with SpaceX but not down and then you
have locked the Tesla investors in
because then robo taxi scales optimist
comes but then no one knows anymore well
would we actually be above 750 that's a
little audacious to think that and then
it comes becomes more blurred and
everyone is happy okay I got my big fat
paycheck and so I can vote yes because
now I'm actually scared to your point
Alexander if I would vote no who knows
maybe the stock drops because I don't
know exactly if robo taxi would keep me
up here so if the premium is juicy
enough to be reasonably juicy then I
think everything falls into place then
you don't have risk anymore then the
stock jumps up the stock stays there
moves up lock step with SpaceX but not
down uh and to Herbert 's point. Yeah.
If you then have amazing launches, it
drives up SpaceX because SpaceX
effectively already owns this. And then
and the more everyone is certain that
this is true, the more this is becomes
true, right? Uncertainty about the vote
is a big problem because then everything
falls apart. So basically the juiciness
of the premium is the problem or
question. And let's say SpaceX goes to
2.5 trillion something like that then
it's juicy. Then that's for sure juicy
enough. So I think that is probably
the scenario that I at least I can see
where I would say yes then early is
better. Uh it is reliable. It can get
locked as wretched lock step right up
but not down and the certainty of the
vote would be very high and no one can
really complain only some crazy people
they can complain but
&gt;&gt; complain I know I know my retail friends
there is always somebody to complain. I
mean I'm not so sure about the ratchet
but it would be wonderful to have a
ratchet. I mean will they
&gt;&gt; right and the institutions won't
complain that are not in space. So okay
fine you give me a 50% premium
guaranteed. So fine
&gt;&gt; it will be 100% shares. Let's make that
very clear because I see that in the
comments there is no cash. Uh
&gt;&gt; no it will be 100% but
&gt;&gt; should SpaceX fall they have to pay 1.2x
or what whatever it is wherever they
fall. That that is true. But like I
said, that's why you you have to use
these six months. You have to start as
soon as possible to get in as much as
possible before mid December. You have
to use the six months. Now Joe, just
give me the credit
that I thought very early. The effort it
took them to contact all these index
makers and to convince them. I mean and
that is it when you know how these
people work and I know I worked for
Moody's right
&gt;&gt; you did yeah
&gt;&gt; when you know that and when you see that
they managed it for three and a half and
S&amp;P we will know in the next couple of
hours as well and then S&amp;P is obviously
the biggest one the last one and the
biggest one if they managed this
this is because it's a plan and a plan
that has to be exercised in six months
&gt;&gt; and so here we are
&gt;&gt; but I totally agree this is a
masterpiece But this is a good
conversation Herbert and also let's see
if we are right. So we come to that
conclusion right now. I have to think
more about it. If we get to a onetoone
merger offer early as as Alexandra says
with a ratchet where we say it has to be
locked in here then we get the Nobel
Prize for speculation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Wow. Okay. Both of you guys came up with
some
&gt;&gt; Yeah. pretty wild theories, but you are
defending it with your breadcrumbs and
it's worthwhile for any potential
investor at SpaceX and Tesla to think
about these things. I'm, you know, don't
know which way it's going to go, how
true this is.
&gt;&gt; I'm thinking here's just my reasoning
why I'm thinking like this. I think
Alexander makes all the right points.
I'm just saying from an economics and
game theory perspective, which is like
key to manage these things,
&gt;&gt; you need an offer on the table that is
so good that everyone believes everyone
is going to vote yes for that and take
out risk. You cannot have massive risk
in there. That's like destroying
everything.
&gt;&gt; So, you know what I did be to prepare? I
I brought this because soon
&gt;&gt; What is that?
&gt;&gt; Gold.
&gt;&gt; It's a It's a scarf that I wear when I'm
getting dressed up for fancy dressing.
And it makes this horrible noise of
coins. And I thought this is when when
Joe came up with his two for one, I
thought that's it. It's going to rain
coins.
So this is my Okay, that's I like it.
This would be I I'm pretty sure Okay,
let's just conclude it. I'm pretty sure
it's not going to be a fixed market cap
related merger offer and that's it. That
would fall apart in my opinion. But it
will probably be something like that one
to one with high SpaceX shares maybe one
to two like who knows one to 1.2 to
whatever it is uh with some form of
ratchet. So Tesla shareholders can
basically be firm on their minimum
they're getting and can then say fine
now the stock once the stock moves up
because of that I think everyone is
locked in because then they don't know
anymore where it could fall if they
won't know and everything. So,
&gt;&gt; I mean, if there is a Reggger, that
would be wonderful. I would take it
without a Reggger, too. But, um, and it
would be Elon
holding his promise. Loyalty deserves
loyalty because this would be
phenomenal.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, Alexandra, if there is a
ratchet, the odds that you are just
right and it's not needed and it's just
going to be one to one is very high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's more like a
&gt;&gt; So, they could very well build one in.
the saying give them a floor so that
everybody's happy and get the vote
through. That's true,
&gt;&gt; right? It's like a self-fulfilling
derrisking thing that doesn't really
change anything if you're right about
the index funds and you might be very
well right. So,
&gt;&gt; agree.
&gt;&gt; I think that might be the solution.
&gt;&gt; There you glad I'm so glad we came
around.
&gt;&gt; Well, we had to engineer a little bit.
That's the details matter because if you
don't do that, it falls apart.
We'll see what happens. And also, Alex,
no, no, I want to be very clear. The
ratchet means that there are scenarios
where I my prediction of one to2 could
absolutely become true. It's just less
likely to be the case.
&gt;&gt; There is not enough authorized shares,
but it's okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I think the big one would be I think you
were the only one, Alexander, who was
proposing and suggesting that the
announcement could happen sooner than
people realize. Uh most people are
thinking it was going to be the end of
this year or next year. You're saying
next month we'll see if that's true.
That's the thing to watch out for.
&gt;&gt; Please all keep in mind calculations of
the stock price have to be based on 4
billion outstanding shares. I know you
all go, "Oh, there she goes again." It's
super important. If if there is a market
cap offer on the table, that four
billion number is super important. Okay?
Just keep that in mind.
&gt;&gt; Thank you both. Thank you everybody. See
you soon. All right. Thank you.