Channel:     davelee
Title:       Cybercab just blew my mind
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WJC0HLS9kQ
Published:   2026-09-09 22:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-09 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All right. Right when you walk up to the
cyber cab, it just opens for you.
Amazing. All right. Check this out. What
an amazing inner cab. This is just so
awesome.
Hey, it's Dave. So, I just got a glimpse
of the future. So this is my second day
taking cyber caps. It's probably my
third ride. Cyber caps are awesome.
Check out my previous video. But today I
called the cyber cap on this robo taxi
network app. And it literally came in 2
minutes. Like the wait time was 2
minutes of amazing. And I think that's
like it's transformative when the wait
time is so short. Uh combine that with
Robbo taxi giving you a 7 minute wait
time. I I think they should probably
bring that down to five minutes later.
But anyways, it drove up in the parking
lot next to the Starbucks I was at and
it just kind of like sits there and I
don't feel bad wait making the car wait
because there's no human like there's no
Uber driver waiting for me, right?
Otherwise, I would feel rushed but I
don't feel rushed. So, it comes in two
minutes. I pick up my my Starbucks
coffee I got here and I slowly, you
know, uh stroll to the car and there's
no one waiting for me in the car, which
is great, you know, only the car. And
spacious, super spacious inside. Like,
look at this inside. So, so nice. And
then I go ahead, I open up my uh the
Spotify here, turn on some nice music.
Um, and I've got my own personal media
center in here. Um, air conditioned to
the exact temperature I want. I'm at 72
degrees here. Um, got this nice like cup
holder here and I'm just uh kicking
back.
I'm telling you, man, there's no
comparison to uh ride healing or Uber or
anything like this is the ultimate
experience. And I think it's um ultimate
in a sense because it combines like the
low weight time, you know, the
nonstressful pickup where the car is
just waiting for you for 7 minutes, a
car that's just clean, empty, your
radio, climate, everything. Um amazing,
amazing experience today.
All right. So, I'm on my third ride of
the day. Um, taking Cyber Caps around
Austin today. Uh, my fifth overall. So,
here's the realization I just had. um
while taking my second ride. When the
cyber camp comes and picks you up, you
got seven minutes to um that it waits
for you. Now, the cool thing is that
there isn't a human waiting and getting
irritated like, "Why isn't this, you
know, passenger coming?" And when you
get to the car, they're like, "Oh, where
have you been? You know, why did you
take so long?" There's none of that. So,
I'm taking the cyber cab. It comes, but
I don't feel rushed at all to try to get
out there. I'm just totally chill and
you know I let it wait for a minute, two
minutes, three minutes, whatever.
There's no human to get irritated.
There's no tension between me and the
Uber driver because there is no human
driver. And it got me thinking about
this idea of tension be between the Uber
or Lift driver and the passenger. And I
think because we're just so acclimated
just to riot healing nowadays, we don't
sense that tension anymore and we're not
aware of it until we get the tension out
and we experience like this completely
zen experience of the zyber cap of the
cyber cap. So if you think about it, the
tension lies on a lot of different areas
where it's a zero someum game. Meaning
if you take 5 minutes to get to your
Uber after the Uber arrives, that means
five minutes of a human waiting and
getting irritated, wondering where you
are. In the cyber cap, it's gone. The
cyber cap is just waiting. There's no
feelings hurt. There's no irritation
happening. Another example is the
climate. I come into a cyber cap, it's
72 degrees. It's my temperature. It's
exactly what I want. But think about in
an Uber, it's the temperature that the
driver wants. And if I want to change
the temperature, I tell the Uber, hey,
lower the the AC, you know, close the
windows, do this, is all of that is
taking away from his experience.
Meaning, he has his own preferences, his
own way against the zero sum game. If I
try to gain comfort for me and
convenience, it lowers his comfort and
convenience. So, there's that tugof-war
inside the car. And that's the tension
between the Uber driver and the
passenger. Another example is music. So
here I can go ahead and you know turn on
my own Spotify account is already uh
yeah loaded up. I just put on some
music. I can adjust the volume and all
of that is just in the car and it's me
and there's no other human to fight over
or to have tension over. For example,
I'm in an Uber. Can I listen to whatever
music at the volume I want to listen to
it? No. Right. It's whatever the driver
wants. And if the driver, if I tell the
driver, hey, lower the volume or
whatever, that's actually less comfort
convenience for him. Again, it's a zero
sum game. I add comfort, his comfort
goes down. That's why I just let the
Uber driver play whatever music he wants
because that's, you know, I don't want
to lower his comfort and convenience.
Again, another example of tension.
Um, for example, if the Uber driver has
his uh his windows open and I'm like,
"Hey, I wanted the windows closed."
Again, tugof-war, right? Zero some game.
Who who wins in that situation? There's
constant tension involved. And there's a
ton of different ways that this plays
out. For example, the cleanness of the
car. Like, I have a certain cleanness
standard, but the Uber driver has his
own standard. I have the a certain smell
standard. the Uber driver has his own
smell standard, right? And it's like
whatever I expect, it's like different
than what he might be comfortable with.
It's just so many different things. Like
for example, if I want to talk with him
or not, right? If I want to kick back or
not. Another example is, you know, I
bring in a drink into my um cyber cap
drink or my cyber cap ride. But do I
want to bring in a drink into a Uber car
and drink it like coffee? I'm scared. I
don't know what the driver is going to
think. Is the driver going to be
irritated saying, "Hey, you got to be
careful." Whatever. There's nothing like
that in this cyber camp. There's no one
to to worry about, right? And I think
it's it brings it highlights a a super
interesting
uh juxosition or dichotomy of sorts
where you you might say, "Oh, Cyber Cab
is like like Uber, right, without a
human, but it's it's different. It's a
different product. It's a different
service. It's different experience
because with Uber, you've got that
tug-of-war tension. You've got this like
it's a weird experience, right? In the
cyber cap, you got none of that." And
that's where I am going to
posit that the cyber capab experience is
a different product, different service
category than ride hailing. Um much
different than what people think right
now. I think it's going to be evident in
five years or three years or whatever
the time is. But um yeah, I think that
is part of the value ad that CyberCap
brings.
And I think that's what a lot of people
don't understand yet because they're not
taking the Cyber Cap yet because it just
came out. But if Cyber Cap was similar
to Uber in terms of convenience and
comfort or just that feel and
experience, then yeah, it it would still
win because it's it will cost a lot
cheaper. there' be, you know, lower
weight times, more supply because it's
cheaper to make cars and, you know,
supply humans,
you know, it it would win easily. But
it's not just that, it's that you've got
a completely different experience inside
the car, right? In addition to the cost,
in addition to the wait time and all
that stuff, it's a different,
you know, uh, experience at its core.
And I think that's where I give my hats
off to Elon and his team.
They've ventured to a place where a few
people want to venture or thought was
worth it, which is they thought about
what does transport from A to B look
like without a human and let's redesign
it. Let's re, you know, um, make it,
let's recreate it where, yeah, you have
this crazy comfortable interior, 22-in
screen, climate, music, you know, all
your comforts. You can lean back. This
is, you know, the position I like to
have, everything is stripped in terms of
the tugof-war zero sum game that Uber
driver would be would would add to this
experience, right? And I think because
of that, um, it's worth it. It's worth
whatever effort Tesla did to redesign,
um, the experience to make the Cyber
Cab. And I think that's kind of like the
secret, um, secret sauce or I would say
maybe the secret hammer that Cyber Cab
has is it's not just the cost, it's not
just the wait time, but it's the actual
experience that's completely different.
It's a different product, different
service. I don't think people get it for
another few years. But once they get it,
you know, you'll see you'll see people
won't want to take a Uber. Um 98% of
people because cyber cab is just a more
calming experience. I don't have to deal
with taking away from an Uber driver,
right? Their comfort, their climate,
their music, their whatever. And the
other thing is Uber drivers drive so
differently. Think about it. Like some
drive like okay, some drive like bit
crazy, right? All the cars are
different, right? I don't know when I
call an Uber, I don't know what to
expect in terms of the driver, in terms
of the ride, in terms of the music, in
terms of the smell, whatever. And that's
tension also, right? It's tension. But
in the cyber cap, it's like the same
car. It looks like identical. It almost
feels like this is the other car I
drove, right? And I'll take, let's say I
take another car, which I'm planning to
take another car soon ride after. It's
going to feel like the same car. It
feels like it's the same ride, the same
smell, the same like everything. And I
think that's underrated. That's just um
that's value actually. It's value when
you provide something that people like
are comfortable with like that they're
expecting. Um I think this is going to
be a huge hit. um it's a no-brainer and
uh it's just a matter of how much Tesla
could scale, how much you know how fast
they could, you know, get past you know
the regulators in terms of allowing
scale um and also getting V15 and to the
point that they're happy with in terms
of safety and reliability. But amazing
amazing job uh profoundly profoundly uh
changing uh history changing experience
here I think and it's true the past h
100red years human-driven paradigm right
of transport and we we're entering this
tipping point this this milestone change
where everything is radically changing
and this cyber cab is bringing us into
the future of AIdriven car where we just
sit back right we enjoy Enjoy the
experience and it's Yeah, it's here. I
can't believe it. All right, guys.
Signing out. Take care. See you guys in
my next video.