Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Cross Car Beam Evolution | Choosing the Right Architecture for Cost, Weight & Performance
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF0-pX0hG4o
Published:   2026-05-19 19:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-19 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, I'm taking the opportunity today
since we have components that are out of
a vehicle to really show some of the
structure and some of what Monroe would
do to help a customer understand the
consequences or results of their
different decisions. Now, when you see
us do videos, when we have finished
vehicles and we do some sort of a
review, you can see the a surface, all
of the pieces that a customer would see,
touch, those are the important things
when it comes to costing. I don't like
reducing cost for the touch surfaces.
But anything like this crosscar beam,
which is buried inside of the instrument
panel, I would look at this as being
fair game. Can I change the material?
Can I change the processing? Can I
change the design? Still supporting that
same a surface, the same surface that
the customer is going to touch. But if I
can make the structure, if I can make
everything that is hidden in a smarter,
more intelligent way to both save money,
save processing,
that is the best. That is where I really
want to focus on the design and on those
components that the customer honestly
honestly doesn't see. So what we have
here is the crossar beam from the F250.
Now we have this out of the vehicle
thanks to our partnership with ATMAC1.
And what I wanted to do is show this
crossar beam next to the crosscar beam
from the F-150 Lightning that we had
torn down. Now, the F-150 and the F-250,
if you look at their trim and if you
look at their decoration, they're very
similar. They have a lot of the same
types of themes, the same types of
components, but when you look at this
construction, it is incredibly
different. So, for this crosscar beam,
this is a very traditional design. This
is stamped steel weldment. Now, if you
count them all up, there are, I think,
40 or over 40 individual steel stampings
that are being welded together. Now,
what does that mean? That means
somewhere there is a factory with a
bunch of stamping presses that are doing
these individual pieces, 40 different uh
stations. But it's not just 40 different
tools because these parts are very
complex. you actually have what's called
a transfer die. So there'll be multiple
hits, multiple tools to create each
part. So if we're doing an average of
three hits per part to manufacture, that
means that this component probably had
to have a 120 tools purchased and a
factory with a sea of stamping presses
to build all of these components. Then
we're taking all of those parts and
someone has to assemble them into a
fixture. After they are assembled, there
is a tolerance of that fixturing across
everything within this. Then you have to
come through and every one of these
welds has to be performed.
That is a lot of processing. That is a
lot of tools. That is a lot of assembly
labor. But depending on where you do it,
depending on what your reasons were,
like is this going to be created close
to the final assembly plant? Is it far
away? Are we going to have a different
facility do the welding while other
facilities are doing the stamping? This
may make sense.
Now, a natural progression is to this
design.
This is a cast magnesium beam. Now, this
is all one piece. The nice thing about
that is one big tool making one part.
So, I'm not paying for all those
individual stampings. Now, the good
thing about going to a cast magnesium is
you can eliminate all of those
individual stampings and all of that
individual operation. Remember, on this
F250, the operation was mostly all
welding.
Where they had a problem was they made a
crosscar beam, this magnesium structural
beam that did not actually reach out to
all of the aurface components.
They had over 20 additional steel
brackets that they then had to bolt to
this crosscar beam. So the welding is
actually lower cost than someone
actually having to drive bolts and screw
this all together. So though they went
with approach that could have saved
money, the execution ended up not. So we
see here this is that cast magnesium
crosscar beam from the Ford. Now if we
look at this, we think that we see a lot
of integration. They were able to take
all those brackets and put them into one
component. Here's the raw material, the
zinc that this is made from. And then
here's my process. You can see my total
process cost is rolled up here. So I can
look at this and I can say okay by
executing this design I have a part that
costs roughly $55 in total and then I
see what portion of that was processed
what portion was the raw material. But
unfortunately for this particular design
it does not tell the entire story. As
you see here there is a sea of
additional metal brackets that were
necessary for this individual design.
Now, when we look at this stuff, we try
to go as deep as we can. So, looking at
this bracket, this is a bracket that
weighs basically 0.15 kg. But you notice
its shape. When they cut this out of a
piece of steel, there's a lot that has
to be thrown away. We take that into
account. So when we drop this down, we
can see the raw material that was used,
the stamping process that was used,
going all the way down to where we know
that this is a progressive die stamping
and that this is basically can be
produced on a 200 ton progressive die
stamping press. We try to go into as
much detail so that we know what levers
we can pull, what things are actually
affecting the cost. When we look at all
of these many, many brackets, yes, this
is a bracket that costs a$112 to
produce, but then we have the fasteners
that we're installing with. Then we have
the process of actually installing this.
We have the bracket, which we are
picking up out of some sort of a box,
some sort of a container. We are now
placing it onto the crosscar beam. We
have those additional fasteners. We are
picking up some sort of tool. We are
securing that bracket in place and
moving between the two different bolts
that were used. All of this process
rolls up to 61 cents, more than half the
cost of the part itself just to install
that part. And unfortunately, this is
replicated in more than 20 instances. So
when we look at that total cost for that
cast magnesium crosscar beam because it
was lacking a lot of integration that it
could have had we have nearly doubled
the cost of the unit in total because of
all these additional brackets.
But we have some problems with cast
magnesium as well. Magnesium is an
expensive material. I cannot change this
unless I want to pay for an entire new
tool. Whereas this
if I just need to change this bracket
everything else can stay the same and I
just change this bracket. So I have to
be able to plan ahead and I have to be
able to understand what are the effects
of my decisions.
But the stamped steel and the casting is
not the only thing. There are other
options.
So we're looking at pretty much a
progression. We have the steel stamping
which is very traditional design but
they wanted to save a little weight. So
another customer rather than using a
steel stamping this is aluminum very
very lightweight but here's the problem.
They had to pay extra for this weight
savings but the problem is they're using
the same type of tools and the same type
of construction as this steel beam. They
had to be build a tool for every single
one of these pieces of stamping and then
they had to weld everything together.
So, I'm not saving anything in process
and I'm paying more money for the raw
material. So, this is only going to cost
more than my steel.
Then they went to a design similar to
this. This has a hydroformed aluminum
core that an injection molding is
applied directly to it. So this is an
insert right into the injection mold
tool mold one big part. So just like my
cast beam that had one big casting tool.
Well now this has two one to form the
aluminum one to form the plastic. It is
lightweight but the other benefit is I
can incorporate a lot of the attachments
directly into that plastic beam.
There is a progression even farther than
this.
That hydroformed aluminum is an
expensive process and it's not a common
process. So here we're doing a single
steel stamping and then overmolding
that. So we're taking the benefit of a
lowcost steel stamping. We are now
overmolding that. So the steel is giving
us our structure. All of these different
legs are giving us our attachment out to
our a surface. And then there are all of
our mounting positions to attach to
those a surface components.
This kind of gives us the best of both
worlds. Now, we do have to think in
advance and know that when we build this
tool, we're not going to easily modify
it. So, when we analyze these parts, we
can estimate this and entire steel
stamping creating a cross car beam. We
have our initial assumptions. The
manufacturing location, the
manufacturing volume, the types of
materials that it's put together with.
And with those initial assumptions, we
can come up with a total cost. So for
this particular sample on a very low
volume, we're rolling up with a total
cost of roughly $100 for this entire
crosscar beam. But what our system
allows us to do is before we actually
kick anything off, before we set up an
assembly plant, before we even
manufacture anything, we can run a
whatif scenario. and a whatif scenario.
We can take all of the assumptions that
we previously laid out. We can then
apply a new assumption, either a new
material, a new process. By applying
those new assumptions, we can then
recalculate and come up with something
that is very, very similar, but now goes
down to a cost of just under $40. Again,
the benefit of this is to do it before
we actually produce any parts. Before we
kick off the tooling, before we invest
the cost into our manufacturing, we can
analyze, are we really building the
right product? And the software within
Monroe and the people within Monroe
mostly help us to understand every step,
every material and give you a business
case. That is the most important part.
This is a decision-making tool. So, this
is what I and we do at Monroe
Associates. I try to look at all of the
details. Some of our customers will have
an existing design and we look at their
design and try to save them money on
their design. Some of our customers want
to know, well, what would be the best
application for this reason, this
reason, or this reason. All of these can
fit into some sort of a plan. Some
customer has a reason that says, "No, I
cannot have this. I have to have that.
We can play that out and say, are you
sure?
Here's the best way to do it that way.
Uh, I am going to have a very low volume
and I'm going to have a lot of
variation. Okay, we can have the
variation with the stamp steel. I'm
going to have very high volume. We're
always going to be running this part.
Okay, I can invest in a more expensive
tool and have a very consistent part and
then get you at a lower cost than if I'm
doing that for every single part.
At Monroe, I look at all those details.
We look at all those details and figure
out if I have to stamp this bracket,
what is the press tonnage that I need
for that bracket? How many bends? How
many welds? How many times does the
robot have to move to hit all those
welds? We look at everything for our
customers and you can actually see
through our outputs from our design
profit software the different ways that
we will look at a part and really
understand everything that is going into
that cost. Where it is produced, how it
is produced, the amount of raw material,
the amount of raw material that's going
to wind up as scrap. We look at
everything to help our customers fully
understand what those costs are and how
to better plan for their production for
the future.
We care about engineering and we care
about being able to have a part that is
designed well, that is going to work
within the customer's needs, that's
going to work in the region of the world
that we want to place it. And we also
want to be prepared for the future. When
we're talking about something structural
like this, often the plan is made to
execute in this way and that plan is
going to stay the same way for 7 to
eight years. We want to know that we're
not just going to do what we did for the
last 20 or 30 years, but we are going to
advance, but we're going to advance
smartly. When the material is finally
ready, that's when it is appropriate.
When our volumes make sense, that might
be when it is appropriate. We look at
everything to help our customers. And I
think helping our customers helps you,
the final consumer. If I can save $15 in
this part, I can hopefully keep the cost
of that vehicle down more for long term.
And that is my goal. It's not just for
my customers, but it's also for you. It
is for the people that purchase these
vehicles that were can hopefully stay