Channel:     futureaza
Title:       v14 LITE!!! US EVs are Lost, EU Close Behind, & Some INSANE Battery Stuff - Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndDXc1pW2D0
Published:   2026-06-29 06:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday, June 29th. Hopefully, uh,
Streamyard doesn't cut off the beginning
of this video. It is Monday, June 29th,
noon Pacific. Who knows? Uh, 9 9:00 a.m.
Pacific, noon Eastern. Let's get into
it. I've got, uh, too many news stories
to get through. May not be able to get
through all of them. If this is your
first time here, the way it works is we
go through a dozen, two dozen news
stories in about 20 25 minutes. Leave
five 10 minutes at the end for your
comments, your questions, your concerns.
There are so many that I may need to do
a second news story uh news show
tomorrow. Be on the lookout for that.
Subscribe if you haven't. Hey, so what
are we doing here? Uh no one knows. My
question for today is where are you and
what's the weather? Who knows? May even
affect the course of uh coverage today
because I do have a fun story from uh
coastal Oregon. But uh let's start here.
The biggest news of the day, of course,
V14 light has arrived. Oh my gosh. Uh,
I'm not going to believe it. I don't
believe it because Elon always lies.
This isn't an Elon story. This is an
Ashok Aliswami story. Ashock does not uh
play games. He knows what's in the
pipeline. He knows what's testing and it
is almost always released. Last summer,
we had a big laundry list of things to
expect by the end of summer. On that
list, the only one that was not
accomplished was uh summon for Model S
and X. That one is still pending. So
let's look at this. Distilled from
hardware 14 uh version 14 into hardware
3 allows hardware 3 to directly learn
how to handle scenarios using V14 as a
guide. Process unlocks implementations
that have been made to hardware 4,
including reinforcement learning.
Improve both proactive and reactive
responses across a wide variety. General
comfort in nominal scenarios through
fewer fall slowdowns, other uh smoother
steering, etc. in introduced parking,
unparking and reversing capabilities,
not summon added arrival options for you
to select where FSD should park in a
parking lot and speed profiles are now
available. Uh to which Cybertruck guy
Troy said, "Uh, great. Now make it 50
bucks a month because it's not as good."
which I mean if you were to add any kind
of financial incentive even make it
$79.99
$79.90
79 even hey that would be an incentive
that would make people say well I do
have hardware 3 but at least I'm not
paying 99 bucks a month uh we do have uh
some let's go here and uh yeah uh
congrats to the team I'm no David Moss
but I drive nearly 30,000 miles a year
to new destinations I've got some David
Moss coming up uh yeah can you get rid
of the double stops at stop signs. No,
that's a Nitsa rule that is not going
anywhere. Tesla has no control over
that. So, let's get back into the
regular stories here. This is
unfortunate. Lucid to lay off roughly
18% of workforce and the COO has
departed. This is unfortunate. Uh the
gist of it is of course um they're
cutting the workforce because they are
bleeding cash. Um the electric vehicle
maker said it would uh save 158 million
a year and uh Mark Winterhof has
departed. Winterhof was interim CEO
until Sylvio Napolei took over the job
in June. The role of COO has been
eliminated. We don't need a chief
operating officer because we don't
really operate chiefly. Uh but before he
departed, he did speak to Ben Cider, the
tastiest of the ciders, the one that
comes from the bottom of the bin. Um he
talked about robo taxi future. And this
is a confusing article because he's
saying, "Look, we know we have to do it.
We've got some great plans to do it, but
we can't do it on our own." Um yeah, we
need to we don't have billions to build
it from the ground up and nobody has a
system that works. Debatable. Um, yeah,
we got to be disciplined with our
capital spending. Literally, nobody's
saying, "Okay, we can do that." Really?
Fine. Building the autonomous vehicle
stack in house would require billions.
But we've made partnerships with other
companies. Um, the companies being, you
know, uh, being Uber who said, "Yeah,
we're gonna we're going to give you, you
know, a half a billion dollars,
which is great. 500 million from Uber
except that they want 35,000 cars for
that including 10,000 gravities.
That's that's not a research grant.
That's a purchase order with a big
asterisk. Unfortunate. General Motors
may be ditching LFP batteries for future
EVs. What? I didn't even know they were
doing LFPs.
LFP. If you've got the newest, the
latest and greatest are fantastic
batteries. No one in the US has them.
China has imposed a restriction on the
export of the equipment used to
manufacture the latest generation of
LFP. So rather than do the hard thing
and actually figure it out or make a
partnership that would allow them to do
it, no, we're going to uh there's a
possibility LFP does not earn its way
into our portfolio. Uh but what we're
looking at is lithium manganese rich
batteries which is great. You get all
the benefits of uh an NMC battery, a
high nickel battery without um you know
and and the the cost advantage of an
LFP. The only problem is you know they
don't exist at scale. Good job. But then
again neither does GMES.
Working on a new BEV N electric
platform. Remember the Ultium, the final
uh which turned out to be the Penultium
because they made a new Altium. Well,
this is the third generation. This time,
guys, we're super serious. They're
working on the newest uh platform. Looks
a lot like the old platform. Honestly,
looks more like you made it in a design
studio than any kind of engineering
studio because that's just a picture of
a battery with some wheels nearby. Kind
of GM's philosophy. And how do we know?
Because GM's combustion engine revival
will power a new US-built Cadillac.
Okay. Yep. Fine. Uh, yeah, that could be
changed. GM just announced a $275
million investment into its Spring Hill
assembly plant in Tennessee. And 150
million of that has been earmarked for a
future Cadillac internal combustion
product. Boo. Boo. I say to you, boo.
not a fan.
So, let's talk real quick about
Volkswagen. We're going to get into the
stock price. We're going to get into
autonomy. We got a whole bunch of stuff
coming up. We're only going to cover uh
stock very briefly as we do. I got to
get through these, man. If you like
these, please subscribe. Volkswagen's
USbound camper van equipment prices
under $3,000. Wow, a camper van is
coming back. Nah, just some accessories.
That's all it is. And it's, you know,
the ID Buzz is coming back to the US.
Great. I know a gentleman who has one.
He loves it. He uh you know paid what
they cost, which is too much, but it's a
good-look car. Uh yeah, the Volkswagen
uh has the same problem Toyota is trying
to fix. Another automaker wants to
streamline its model lineup, focusing on
higher volume units. That makes sense.
The real problem is that Volkswagen is a
global brand and every market has
different needs and wants. So they have
to account for regional as well as
potential uh individual markets. So you
got to be varied, man. You got to be
varied. Uh so let's see. Uh 25 was a
tough year for VW. It embarked on a
series of major spending cuts across the
whole business. In fact, most recently,
it's come to light that 28,000 jobs may
be cut by 2030. And I hear what you're
screaming. I hear you. I can hear you
saying that's not the correct number.
Rest assured, that's coming up. Part of
the cost-saving measures will be
reducing the complexity of the lineup.
Yeah, that's the problem. That's the
problem is uh if you had one fewer paint
color, surely things would be rosy. Um
but by focusing on both internal
combustion and EVs to lower cost, that's
not how it works. We'll instead help
them focus, that's the opposite of
focus. You're unfocusing on quicker,
better vehicle development. Look, if
you're going to make something that does
two things, okay, you're going to make
zero things that do things great. So,
that's terrible. It is highly likely
that most of the experimental and newer
name plates will be killed off. Oh dear.
That's not great. That's not what I
wanted to hear. Uh, let's see here. Um,
we've got, let's get to this part.
Volkswagen will cut 100,000 jobs and
close four factories. That's the part.
That's the part. So, this is
unfortunate. Which ones? Well, uh,
they're going to announce plans to
eliminate 50,000 jobs in Germany across
the core VW brand, Audi, Porsche, and
its software subsidiary, Kerriad. Now,
if you don't know how bad Kriad is, I
always call it Carryon. Uh, because, uh,
I don't know if you know what that
means, but it means it's what seagulls
love. It's decaying flesh of dead
animals. That's the carry-on um program.
their software is problematic. How about
we just uh leave it there? According to
a new report, the cost cutting plan is
far more drastic. The number of layoffs
could double to 100,000, although it's
unclear whether all cuts would occur by
2030. And if that's not bad enough, uh
apparently they plan to shutter no fewer
than four factories, Zika, Emden,
Hanover, and Nekerson. The company would
reportedly close the plants when their
current models end. Yes, that's the ID3,
4, uh, and ID5 along with the Ron,
Sportback, and Cupraorn.
Just say you're getting rid of EVs. You
can do that. It's not illegal. Well,
maybe in Germany.
Uh, autonomous driving. VW wants to take
over Tesla. VW will launch the
autonomous ID Buzz in 26. With that,
it's hoping to overtake Tesla in the
driverless taxi race. Now, whole Mars
here is actually responding to someone.
Uh he's responding to Sawyer with this
post. VW plans a new self-driving
partnership uh with auto supplier Bosch.
Oh, to end the one with Bosch. No, we're
ending that one. We're just going to do
a new a new partnership, a new one or
make it ourselves. Who knows, man. Um
how hard could it be? It turns out the
answer to that question is very very
hard. That's how hard it could be. Bit
of a mixed bag here. Pollstar devastated
as Trump administration forces brand out
of the US over Chinese tech. This feels
political because um it's a Gily owned
company. Yes, it has Chinese connected
software but so is Volvo. Volvo is also
also owned by Gily. These cars were
being made in the US. Uh so very
frustrating uh for many and I understand
the concerns about Chinese connected
software. I understand it. The the
hardware running in the US on Chinese
software is a concern. But if it's a
concern for Polestar, but not for Volvo,
uh this is this is not following the
facts. It doesn't make sense. And you
have to wonder what are you doing? You
poking the bear because the bear happens
to be Tesla's largest car market and uh
the bear happens to have Tesla's most
productive factory by far. Uh so poke
gently, would you? because this feels
like a very uh underhanded way to put
Tesla in a precarious position overseas
because Tesla's cars run US software and
Tesla is absolutely tied to the US
government without a doubt. So careful
with that enough criticizing the
administration. Why don't we give them
some kudos here? Trump administration
proposes acting brake pedal requirement
for AVs in a boost for Tesla. It's also
a boost for zuks. It will eventually be
a boost for all robo taxi operators. But
this just makes sense. That's the only
reason I think it might not happen as
government doing things that make sense.
That's not their brand. Um, but it is a
new piece of paperwork. And if there's
one thing governments are good at
manufacturing, it's red tape. Who knows?
Trump administration has proposed new
changes to federal vehicle regulations
that would allow companies to skip,
including brake pedals in vehicles that
aren't designed to have brake pedals.
Well, I want one just in case. Yeah, but
somebody's going to bump it. Somebody's
going to be malicious. Just skip it,
man. Skip it. And uh and uh without a
steering wheel as well. Don't say that
too loud. You say it three times in a
mirror. You know who who appears. Uh, we
do have this bit of exciting news. I
will share this. This is today's share
price. It's up 22 bucks a share today.
It's the end of the road, man. I'm
telling you, I don't normally tell you
why uh why these things are happening,
but that price I'm telling you is
because the
uh predicted
volume, the production and delivery
volume for the quarter is above uh what
we've seen in the past. This is a
reversal of a trend. It's over for
Tesla. I had a comment yesterday. It's
over. Tesla is circling the drain. No,
they're not. They've got tens of
billions in the bank and come back on
the second when these numbers drop. I'll
be covering it live early early in the
morning to determine how great it is or
how disappointing. Who knows? It could
be terrible.
I I don't think it will be. So, uh,
we're getting a boost from the fact that
even their core business, automotive, is
apparently doing quite well. I don't
know if any of you have heard of this
little company. They do, uh, dishes.
It's a dish dishwear. No, satellite
dishwear. That's right. SpaceX also, uh,
that hasn't been updated. Let's refresh
it. There we go. Up 3% today. If you
have some, if you got in at 135, very
exciting. If you got in before that,
more exciting. And if you didn't,
welcome to my world. Um, subscribe,
won't you? If you don't subscribe, you
look like this. If you do subscribe, you
look more like this. Guys, you're coming
out ahead. What's not to like? Uh, and
you can, should you choose, support the
mission. Uh, because I've got a whole
lot of, uh, expenses, man. This is a
very lean business. Uh, but, uh, I, uh,
am going to Ethiopia. I am going. If
you've got unused miles, I just put this
out this morning. Check it out. There's
a a lot of story in Ethiopia. They
banned the internal combustion cars
completely in 2024. I'm going to go
there. I'm going to find out what's
going on. Any help you can offer would
be appreciated. What are we doing on
time? We're doing okay. Not great. Not a
single one of these articles mentioned
the make or model and definitely didn't
have the company logo enlarged. Yeah.
See, cars crash. That's a thing that
happens. Cars hit houses. I don't know
if you've ever seen it, but I have. I've
seen it two or three times in my life
where a car struck a house. Uh, but you
know what they say, the most common uh
accidents happen within six feet of
home. That's what they say. I'm pretty
sure I got that right. What are you
doing? That's not where cars go. Uh so
yeah, you can't park there, sir. Uh how
do you end up on the second floor? Uh
well, first you have to have the right
attitude, you know. So all that is a
thing. Hey, do you know that Tesla is
standing up robo taxi service operations
in Amsterdam?
This is never going to happen. Not in my
lifetime. Definitely not in the next 10
years. Isn't it? Couldn't it be? Is it
possible you are mistaken? Uh, this
gentleman Spencer went for his first
ride in a motional drive taxi. Motional.
We've heard about them for years.
There's still a safety supervisor in the
driver's seat and he had to disengage
twice during the ride. That's anecdotal.
I'm sure there are plenty of rides that
have no disengagements. But the fact
that you have two in a single ride is
concerning. If a company tells you
they're going to have it by next year,
and there are a couple companies saying,
"Yeah, we'll have it by next year, maybe
the year after," it tells me that they
are so early in the process that they
have yet to understand the scope of the
challenge. It's really, really hard to
make a a robo taxi, you guys. If all
cars were robo taxis, be it'd be very
easy. You would only have to train for
rules. But the road is full of full meat
drivers and that means the code is full
of exceptions.
Not great. Tex uh Tesla leads cars.com
Americanmade index again even as EV
sales slump. That's not relevant to the
discussion. Tesla famously is localized.
They are the most Americanmade cars in
America. They're the most Chinese cars
made in China. Not the most, but they're
very Chinese-made in China. They're the
most Germanade cars in Germany. Maybe
not the most, but uh wherever they go,
they localize production. I think there
are cars that are more Chinese-made than
Tesla, but um in China, but once again,
rocking the list, first and second spot,
Model 3 and Y. It's Yeah. Well, where's
SNX? Uh they don't make those. So,
that's a thing that happened. Tomorrow
morning, uh in the follow-up news show,
I will be covering uh my estimates for
the delivery consensus. Looks like
they're expecting total deliveries of
406.
That's only 50,000 higher than last
quarter. Remember, last quarter they
added 50,000 to inventory. And since
then, we know sales have been strong
because gasoline, petrol prices have
skyrocketed.
That indicates that some of that
inventory may have been drawn down. In
addition to having seen additional
production going, uh we have no more
delays from uh the the old product ramp,
the reamp of the Model Y. That's in the
past. We can ignore that. Q2s are
historically stronger than Q1. It has an
extra day. Uh let's see. Yeah, it has
one extra day or two, two extra days,
one extra day, doesn't matter. Uh Q1 has
a February. Leave it at that. It also
has holidays in the way. No holidays in
Q2. So, we could see some decent
numbers. And that's before we even
factor in Model Y L sales which have
been quite strong. So, I will cover this
tomorrow. I will have a video tomorrow
with my production and delivery
estimates. I'm not super confident on my
numbers, but it doesn't matter as much.
Leaked Xiaomi twodoor electric sports
car showcases carbon fiber track wing.
That's not the exciting part. That's the
exciting part. Xiaomi loves good design.
Uh, that is a pretty pretty car. The
camo is hiding nothing. Uh, you you
might as well uh be wearing clothing to
hide your curves, but the clothing has
curves. It's actually a picture of a man
with a six-pack abs. Come on. Ferrari
Luche Gu launches in China at 586,000.
All 88 cars sold out immediately. Maybe
we don't get it, you guys. Maybe this is
the future. And if it is, great. I don't
understand how Neo Partner beats CL
bottlenecks with 588 amp hour liquid
solid state cells.
Okay, Neo not only makes pretty darn
good cars with uh pretty darn good
batteries, they've been uh at the
forefront of battery development,
especially for such a small company, and
they've got some new battery tech
they're rolling out. That's great. Uh
let's see. We've got time for a couple
more here. BYD's new $35,000 flagship
SUV breaks major record ahead of Export
West.
35,000 for an SUV. How good could it be?
Well, uh, this picture is not
necessarily the whole story. Everybody
wants an SUV. SUV, and boy are they
expensive. Even for a mere facelift,
you'd be expected to shell out 50 grand.
BYD flipped the switch to all that. The
Great Tang, man. If there's one thing I
love is Great Tang, a full-size flagship
crossover that's just been released. And
the guard managed to secure more than
150,000 orders. So, here's the thing.
That's what it looks like. Is it
exciting? Not especially. I don't think
it's particularly exciting looking. Uh,
but then again, I look at my car from
the inside. Um, it's got uh uh up to 135
130 kWh battery pack offers 590 miles of
range on the CLTC. It's not an
inaccurate range. It's just how they
drive in China. Lower speeds, more
congestion.
Even on an EPA cycle, that would
probably be 450 miles. And you get the
flash charging 10 to 70% in five minutes
all the way to 97%
in 9 minutes. It's got the 10C battery.
So, uh, technically you're going from 0
to 100 in under 10 minutes. You could
fill all the way in 10 minutes. Uh, it's
the new Blade 2.0. So, uh, it's, you
know, you can only get that, of course,
on the megawatt chargers. You can still
use other chargers. They already have
6600 of them installed in China, and
they're expanding internationally.
There are 29 world first technologies.
Okay, maybe there are, but the real
story isn't the number itself. It's that
several of those megawatt charging,
1000volt architecture, 600 miles of
range, and a 10C battery would each be
headline news on its own.
So, and again, 35 grand. These little uh
hand these little uh tray tables, those
are very common in Chinese cars. I've
seen them in a lot of different
vehicles.
So, it is uh
if they can make this in China for 355,
it means there are markets around the
world that would be likely to get this
car under 55,000. That is one heck of a
value proposition. Uh, so I don't know.
I don't know what more you want, but my
guess would be more. Hey, what do we
know? Uh, New Delhi offers residents a
thousand to scrap old EV cars to curb
air pollution. Ain't it pretty? I'm not
going I'm not going to Delhi. I would
consider a trip to India. There's a lot
of story there to tell. I don't have
ground support. Uh so if you are in
India and could help me make a trip like
that happen perhaps early next year
that'd be something I would consider. Uh
local government uh is finalizing new
electric deals that would uh offer
incentives and also uh give you lower
registration fees, lower taxes, all
that. exempt from paying road tax and
registration fee up to 3 million rupees
which is 4 to 10% of the car's price. So
you know maybe India is getting serious
I have doubts. Uh let's do one more
story. Xiaopang CEO just announced that
VA 2.0 is going global. Now I did get
some push back when I reposted this on
X. People are saying, "Yeah, but it's
never coming to the US." Right? But the
US is only one market. This is coming to
Europe. If Tesla's coming to Europe,
this is coming to Europe. Uh, and if
it's not coming to Europe,
Xiaoang is an international brand. Uh,
they will be allowed to sell in
countries that are not as hostile to
China and that perhaps China is not as
hostile towards. So, this is a big deal.
Xiaoang does not have the close kind of
ties with a government that you might
see from BYD or Huawei. So, uh, this is
a big deal. And as you know, I was the
first Western media to actually try VA
2.0. I have my Chinese driver's license.
I have been behind the wheel. It is a
darn good system. Easily late version 12
uh at worst. And that was months ago,
probably better than that now. Uh, I
should mention that I said I would talk
about David Moss. Let's talk about David
Moss. He's coming to our event. Got a
big event coming up at the Lake of Go
forth Festival July 2nd and 3rd. David
Moss will be in the booth helping out.
And I know what you're saying, but
Brian, he's in Austin right now. I know
he's driving here next stopping along
the way for some other stuff. Going to
have an info booth. It's a free event,
fireworks, live music. um you know, a
lumberjack show. It's all getting set up
as we speak. It's a lot of fun. Hope to
see you there. Uh and if that's too
exciting, you can come to Three Bandits
in a Baby where I'll be playing the
sheriff. Last week I complained that the
button to order tickets didn't work. It
has been fixed. So hopefully we were
only 5% sold out at the time, which is
really low for as close as we are to the
play. Now we're doing better. Hey, let's
get into the questions. your questions
and comments. We've got them. I guess we
should answer them. We've got just a few
minutes left. Let's do it. Um, by the
way, thank you to Thomas for joining as
a channel supporter. That is a huge
help. I appreciate it. Digital Blade
Canada first from last night when this
was posted very late.
Okay. Howdy, Brian. Oh, B, you brought
me coffee. Thank you. What's the weather
today where you are? That's the last
question we got to get in. And also, if
you're catching this on the replay, you
got to let me know. Uh 75 and sunny in
North Carolina. Good morning, robots.
Clever or otherwise. That's very
generous of you, JD. Appreciate it. Uh
NYC 72 and sunny. Let's see. We're like,
it's going to be too hot for the water
park. Ah, it's the worst. 103 heat index
in Florida. Florida be humid. Uh let's
see. The Okay, let's see.
Maybe right about that. Mhm. Okay. I
like to visit in winter. Going to the
beach on New Year's Eve is a hoot. Yeah,
that does sound nice. I'm here, but I'll
be on the road for most of the show as
usual. Welcome, Joe's.
Howdy from the UK. Things uh and things
there is so easy. While people argue
about whether or not FSD can happen, it
has carried me back and forth twice this
year. That's the thing, man, is there
are people still trying to pretend that
it uh that it doesn't that it that it
can't work, but it does. But it does. Uh
let's see. Can't wait for my AI3 car to
get my update. Yeah, V14 Light. It is
real. Well, but it's only going out to
the early access group. Oh. Oh, so it is
going out is what I hear you saying.
Things don't go out to the early access
group and then not get released. It's
just how it works. It's a safety issue.
I think Skynet is a better name than
Star Mind. Yeah, it's perhaps more
accurate for the uninitiated. He reads
them fast like the FedEx Micro Machines
guy. Yeah, I don't think it was possible
uh to be live with the future. Well,
it's unfolding as we speak. Heatwave in
the center of Michigan. Not happy. Yeah.
Villages 91 at noon. That's not too bad,
but it is muggy, I bet. Quite impressive
how much performance they are managing
to squeeze out of hardware 3. Yeah,
except that we thought it would do even
more. Underestimated the scale of the
problem. It's it's it is the norm for
autonomy uh companies to underestimate
the scale of the challenge. Why the
picture of me? Was it the subscribe
picture?
Tesla back up to 400. Yay. Cyberc cab
rides by Friday. Book it. Maybe. Maybe.
Good points about reducing cost to
reflect. Not quite the same product. I
was not. Yeah, for the hardware 3. Yeah,
give them 20 bucks off. You might see
the take rate go up. It's a good way to
AB test pricing, too. I was not
pessimistic enough and bought the dip
too early. It happens. Very hot. Find a
lake to cool off. I assume that's what
an ache is. I can read through typos
pretty well. That's impressive. No
suspension required. Lucid's a dead man
walking. Um, you want my advice? Steam
boiler futures. Steam, son. It's the way
of the future. I volunteered at a
railway museum where I had some new
ideas and they did not care for them
because locomotive son, it's the future.
But uh you know Uber ditched Whimo uh by
Whimo in Phoenixh when you work with
everyone you work with no one. So you're
telling me that Uber's foothold is
sufficiently strong in Phoenix that
they're like so Uber look it's not you
it's me. Um I just feel like I'm giving
more into this relationship than you are
and I just think we'd be better off not
together. It's hilarious. predictable
need to dash. Thank you, Gary, for
hanging out. Uh, why does VW have to be
that varied, but Model Y can be the
bestselling car with a tight lineup?
Because VW is not that good. VW has to
have a slice of every segment or they
will not have enough total uh market
share. Uh, when VW mess up the emission
faking, that's when it caught up to
them. You know, I you would think so,
but I didn't see it happen that way. Uh
they ousted De was the end. Well, I
heard what happened was because Herbert
D was forced out of Volkswagen is that
they said, "Look, we think you might be
going too hard into electrification."
And he said, "Herbert D nuts." I don't I
don't know. I think that's what
happened. I may have dreamed it. Model Y
fits everywhere. VW fits nowhere.
Maybe they needed more focus groups at
VW. I love it. It's a terrible idea. My
carry-on is secured safely in my
overhead bin. Gross. They're gonna
They're going to seize it at customs. I
I've seen enough border patrol from
Australia. That clever show. Uh it's 50%
smuggling and 50% You can't bring in a
severed goat head.
It's It's got bugs on it. I carry dead
flesh in my carry-on. It's perfect.
Volkswagen warned by a previous CEO.
They didn't want to hear it and fired
him. Yeah. Yeah. Herbert that. Uhhuh.
Uh. Yeah. VW would be smart to license
FSD from Tesla. Guys, why is no one
doing it? They can just prompt Fable uh
create full self-driving software. Make
no mistakes. And if it doesn't work,
Bills, you put in a second uh prompt
saying, "No, no, act think harder and
actually make it work flawlessly." And
then it should spin it up no problem.
Okay. Does that mean I can take carry-on
bird on the plane with me? I mean, you
can try, David. You can try. I don't
recommend it. Uh-huh.
You're killing me, Biggie. Uh, killing
me, Smalls. Uh, Whimo is going to use
Chinese EVs. Uh, yet they are being they
aren't being stopped. Well, yes, but
they're going to be using it with their
own software is a critical difference.
But are they actually going to use
those? Those are prohibitively
expensive. No. No. Those are like
$35,000 vans, right? With a 100% import
tariff, that makes them 70,000 before
you do the upfit. Well, I'm sure they'll
get a lower price than 35,000.
Okay, 30,000. Now, there's 60,000 plus
the upfit. You're still at three times
the price of a cyber cab. That is
untenable. For a vehicle that was
designed to go 150,000 miles. Cyber Cab
is designed to go 300 to 500,000
minimum. So, uh, it's the wrong
approach. It is going to eat them alive.
Don't run Chinese software unless you're
Apple. Same nitwits ban BYD by War
Department. BYD assembles 30% of all
iPads. Oops.
Yeah, I bought it 395 pessimistically,
not the 380 I considered. Brian, bring
food.
That's actually a good idea. problem for
VW so many models is that with highly
efficient competitors, the complexity of
so many variants makes the problem much
harder.
Yeah, right. Attitude. Altitude. Hm.
Attitude. Okay. I thought so. Attitude.
I'm not sure if going to Ethiopia is
your best move with all the wars in that
region. Good luck. Me,
I'm not worried. Uh, what about the
Roadster? Hm. Yeah, I don't know. What
about it? Everyone wants great tang.
It's true. That's true. Uhhuh. Okay.
Well, there are too many things here. I
did see a comment from was it the
Tunny's. Uh Lars said something about
July 7th big news. Okay. I haven't seen
that. Hello from the Space Coast. Late,
but I'm here starting from the
beginning. Well, you'll get to this
comment eventually. Mid-range Chinese
cars like the BYD Great Tang are
pivoting quickly to steer, brake, and
chassis by wire. The brakes remain
hybrid uh in including hydraulics. Yeah.
Traveling Mo. Oh, locals are shocked by
it not living up to its promises. I'm
like, were you not paying attention?
Most people don't pay attention. How
does China solve the compute problem
with self-driving? Government
involvement?
No. Um, Huawei makes AI chips. You can
do the inference with domestic chips.
Uh, the import the, uh, sale to China of
advanced AI chips like from Nvidia had
been banned, but China didn't ban the
import of them. Now, China has banned
the import of them. And I will tell you,
companies in China do not like to talk
about where their chips come from
because
we know where they come from. Sorry, I
had a really bad robo taxi drive. That's
the one I wanted to get to uh with
Whimo, but it was purely because it
didn't want to cross a railroad
crossing. Same as Tesla and Austin. Is
that the one where it spent 10 minutes
trying to figure out how to do the last
60 70 ft of the journey? Um, that's
challenging. That's challenging. Bummer.
I came in late. James 9:00 a.m. Pacific
every Monday. Join me if you can. If you
can't, I'm here otherwise. This video's
gone on long enough. What did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it in
the comments below. And everyone else,
like, subscribe, do all that stuff. If
you get a chance, go and check out the
uh the video about Ethiopia where I hope
to go. No one's watching it. It's not
performing well, but it's a valuable
story, and these are the valuable kinds
of stories I wish to cover more of. So,
thank you guys. And uh stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots on the 2nd through the
4th of July at my booth where I will
have David Moss hanging out.