Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       New SECRETS About The Cybercab Discovered
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMfZx9Icv-M
Published:   2026-06-18 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-18 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla just shared more information about
the Cyber Cab in the last week than we
learned in the previous six months
combined because buried inside new EPA
filings and testing reports are several
major clues about the vehicle that could
power Tesla's robo taxi future. First,
the Cybercap has officially received its
EPA certificate of conformity, an
important regulatory milestone that
allows it to be legally introduced into
US commerce. Second, the EPA documents
revealed a surprising amount of new
information. The Cybercap appears to use
roughly a 48 kWh battery pack, weighs
just 3,000 lb, produces about 219
horsepower, and uses a front-wheel drive
configuration. Perhaps most impressive,
the filing suggests over 400 m of
equivalent range despite a battery pack
that's dramatically smaller than most
people expected. Third, cybercap
production and testing appear to be
accelerating. More than 100 cyber caps
were recently spotted at Giga Texas.
Dozens have appeared at robo taxi hubs
around Texas and new testing vehicles
equipped with sensor rigs continue
showing up on public roads. Put it all
together and we're starting to see the
real cyber cab emerge. Lighter, more
efficient, lower cost, and seemingly
ramping faster than many investors
realize. We got Brian White joining us
today. He's one of our only true Tesla
journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive on the
ground factory tours and interviews.
Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Hey, great to be here. This is exciting.
I was uh looking forward to seeing this.
When I woke up the other day and saw
that you had found it, I of course had
to dive straight in. Thank you for
posting that.
&gt;&gt; You are my Sarcap guru. You're the one
that has the most knowledge about the
Syri. So, now that we have more details,
which you were hinting on, oh, I don't
know, 6 months, 8 months ago when you
had your exclusive tours. Let's, uh,
take a look here. This is the IR cab.
You recognize it?
&gt;&gt; Uh, it looks familiar. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A little bit. Just a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Um, but it's no longer just in
showrooms. I think it's Joe. He's back
from his, uh, trip to Europe and, um, he
finally, he showed this just this
morning. I've seen some post about cyber
caps confused about why wheel covers are
not installed when the cars are outside
the factory and in the outbound lot
before transportation. The answer is
very simple, not complicated. This is
standard procedure for Tesla, normal
part of their shipping process used for
all the cars, not just cyber cap.
Sometimes the answer is right in front
of us. No need to try and come up with
creative and complex explanations. So he
was just saying, "Guess what? Why the
the cabs the hubs aren't there?" Because
they're they're sitting in the back.
They'll put them on.
&gt;&gt; They're all in the trunks. Uh, yes. And
people said, "No, no, no." But I've seen
so many cars out there. Uh, a lot of
them do have wheel covers. No, they have
wheels. The the wheels without the
covers still look fantastic. Uh, it is
most common to put them in the Well,
look at how small that trunk is, my
friend. Those are 22 inch wheel covers.
Uh, so that's a good two feet of space
back there. Uh, compare that to the size
of your luggage. That trunk is still
pretty massive. You'll understand when
you see it in person.
&gt;&gt; Uh cyber cap production continues today.
And he captured autonomous autonomously
driving version without a steering wheel
making a graceful arrival and then
backing smoothly into a parking space.
Saw many lined up. So here's the latest
uh video that he produced and uh they're
all out there at this point. At one
point I think some people counted over a
hundred plus.
&gt;&gt; What do you think's happening?
&gt;&gt; Boy, it could be anything. I posted when
when Joe shared the picture of 102 on
the outbound lot, I posted it to X
saying, "This could mean literally
anything." Except it couldn't. It means
one thing.
&gt;&gt; And if uh you'd have to be a fool to
argue otherwise, and fortunately, the
fools were kind enough to self-identify
in the replies. Uh what it means is you
don't mass-produce these uh if you're
not about ready to roll out. That's what
it means. Uh these are being distributed
around the country uh and in some cases
beyond the country. We know they had one
in uh Europe. Joe saw one at the ex
takeover in Austria. So that means that
this is real. It's happening. And uh and
of course then the critics say, well all
but now they're just sitting rotting on
lots in other cities. Okay. So you
figured out how distribution works.
That's fantastic. You're learning a lot
today. uh it's part of the process. The
idea that we are still months or years
away uh strains credul. I would say
weeks perhaps a couple months uh but
these will be ready to pounce when you
see tanks gathering at your border and
say it's probably nothing. They're
probably just rotting in the fields for
no reason. uh these are ready to invade
uh your streets, your cities all over
the country. Um in some states more
readily than others and we're seeing
them build out service centers for them
specifically like in Las Vegas where uh
someone spied a permit for the
construction of a dedicated cleaning and
service hub for uh for cyber caps. Well,
we would need to see those all over the
country. Yeah, but you wouldn't unless
you're going down to all the permit
offices close to you and looking with
very critical eye at every single permit
because they may not have Tesla's name
on them. Uh so there it's it means it is
happening.
&gt;&gt; It is definitely happening for sure. I
mean like you say there what are these
guys all doing sitting here? But uh
they're pumping them out and then uh Joe
pointed out that at least a few of them
were actually autonomously driving. Uh
the rest of them do have steering
wheels, but those can be removed. So
here they are. Beautiful photos. Um
they're accumulating 100 plus. And then
55 cyber cabs was spotted in Dallas.
&gt;&gt; Um
yeah, 55 spotted in Dallas. Uh Texas, 10
or two at the Alpine lot in Giga, Texas,
and then they just keep adding up.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And you've seen posts from people
in our Northwest group who have spotted
them heading north uh in Washington
state. Maybe I think I only saw one or
two. So those are probably for showroom
displays, but I don't know. Washington
has been aggressive with uh a with
automatic driving testing with
autonomous testing. Whimo was here 15
years ago, uh, long enough ago that I
was just sure that they were going to be
the ones who cracked it first and
widest. And now they've got a few
thousand cars worldwide. Uh, which is a
which is great. I appreciate that. I'm
glad someone is uh blazing a trail who
doesn't have as many high-profile
enemies as the head of Tesla. So great.
Let them blaze a trail. will be right
behind you with an absolute river of
cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; We're seeing it here as well. So, before
I get to the all the new news about the
cyber cab that we just learned, I just
want to point out again that this was
roof mounted sensor rigs, three
different chase vehicles. Here they are.
&gt;&gt; See, that's proof to me that they're
going to have lidar. See,
&gt;&gt; that's the way it's going to be. Yeah,
this is it. Just like Well, hey, we're
laughing, but that's Whimo. That's what
they do have. Something like that. But,
you know, this just shows that they're
again testing the CyberCap and it's
ready to go soon. All right. So, the
CyberCap received an EPA certificate of
conformity. This verifies that a
specific class of vehicle, the engine,
the equipment meets all federal clean
air act emission standards before it can
be legally sold or introduced into US
commerce. So, clearly it's going to
achieve the EPA. this is a electric
vehicle but at the end of the day it's
just a you know one of the steps they
need to do to get to be able to sell it
or use it in US commerce right
&gt;&gt; there are there are times when the uh
certification process doesn't always
feel logical so for example the 8year
100,000mi
minimum battery warranty is not a Nitsa
requirement it's an EPA requirement why
why is the EPA doing it well because
they kind of have that authority
property. So they used it. They were the
ones who put that in place. That EPA
certificate is important. And if you
don't understand how these things work,
which I would argue that's almost
everybody, the important part of what
you just showed was you have to have
this certificate before you can engage
in commerce. Why have there been no paid
rides in cyber cabs, Herbert? Because
they can't. because they don't have the
ability to engage in commerce without
the EPA certificate of conformity. So
that obstacle has been passed. Uh that
one of the things I'd been saying was
that you can't run cyber cabs until you
get the safety hitchhiker out of the
vehicle. Safety hitchhiker's been out
for a while now. Why haven't they done
cyber cabs? Here's your answer.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Wow. Very good point.
Okay. You need to get all the regulatory
uh check marks soon. we're going to see
it uh applied for Texas DMV, right? And
they'll they'll report it there as
registered robo taxis. In the meantime,
because they submitted that document,
the regulatory uh document, we learned a
lot more about what the cyber cab has.
&gt;&gt; And I reserve this story for you, Brian.
Frontwheel drive, battery capacity, 48
kilwatt hours, 219 horsepowers,
3,000 lbs of weight, which is the lowest
of all the cars Tesla makes. But here's
the cool thing. Look at this. Equivalent
to 418. At one point that Tesla said we
thought it was going to do 300 miles of
range, but in real life, real world
usage, 418 miles.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, let's go through this list real
quick. Frontwheel drive. That was uh the
story I broke way back. They didn't want
to necessarily share that, but I managed
to get them to share it. It is
frontwheel drive. Uh the reason you
don't want frontwheel drive on an
electric car is because of torque steer.
I've driven the Nissan Leaf. I've
punched it and it gets real squirly
because that's where all your power is.
Uh you're not going to be punching it.
No one's going to be punching it. This
is not a punching kind of vehicle. And
frontwheel drive, the weight
distribution is such that it doesn't
matter if it's front or rear wheel
drive. You're going to have uh about
equal weight over the wheels. Battery
capacity 48 kilwatt hours. I thought it
was going to be smaller, but I realize
now that to get full regen, you do have
to have enough cells just like, well, I
can drive on 10% battery, right? But
when you hit the regen, it's regening to
100% of the battery. You need that for
other reasons. So, you end up with doing
something that's the minimum allows you
for more of the maximum. So, uh, when
you're talking about a commercial
product, you want to overbuild it. Are
they ever going to use 418 miles of
range? No. They're probably not going to
charge uh, you know, zero to 100.
They're probably going to stay in the 20
to 70 range. In your town, they might
only charge it up to 54% on a daily
basis so that the battery doesn't last
300,000 miles, but 800,000 miles. They
have that headroom to do that. on the
219 horsepower. I saw some someone on X
who I won't name say, well that proves
it's got enough power to be human
driven. I say, "No, no, no. If you look
at the uh if you look at the motor in a
dishwasher, a home dishwasher has like a
third of a horsepower. The exact same
size and function dishwasher in a
restaurant starts at half a horsepower
and goes up to five horsepower. Why
would you have so much horsepower in a
dishwasher? Because you're going to use
it forever. Because it's going to run
not once or twice a day, but a dozen,
two dozen, four dozen times a day, all
day, every day for years and years. You
overbuild it. So, you do not have to
replace it. So, if you have something
that's very powerful that's just kind of
idling, it's got a lot of life. If you
got something tiny that's stressing to
get all the way to the max, it's not
going to last as long. M you overbuild
so that it's cheaper on the curb weight
3,100 lb. Uh that is comparable to a
Supra uh GT that is comparable to a uh
BMW Z4. That is a very lightweight car.
And I said I thought it was going to be
heavier. Uh some people I thought were
my friends were like, "You're an idiot.
How could you think so?" Because it's
overbuilt. Because it's supposed to be
over because it's going to have heavier
motors than it needs to have. because
it's uh and the reason a big reason for
it being as heavy as 3100 lb is because
it's not designed to be light. It's
designed to be rugged and easily
repairable. If you want to replace a
fender in your cyber cab, you remove
plastic and you put plastic back on and
you're done. If you want to do that in a
Jaguar IPACE, you're going to it's going
to be out for a week, two weeks. You're
going to have all that body shop work,
all that repair time and cost and parts
and then paint. The paint is going to
cost more on the IPACE than the entire
repair will cost on a cyber cab. Those
compromises add weight because you are
designing for a different outcome. So,
that's what I'm seeing. That's my big
takeaway.
&gt;&gt; Wow. You just mic dropped there, dude.
That was uh fantastic. Knew you know so
much. Uh educate us all the way. Um
anything else that you saw here? I mean,
weren't you not surprised with the 400
miles of actual
&gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. Yes.
&gt;&gt; That's that's a mindblower.
&gt;&gt; It is. Uh when we had heard them say 5.5
miles per kilowatt uh per kilowatt hour,
I went to the engineers and said, "Come
on. Come on. There's no way it's that
poor. And they said, "Ah, 5.5 is what
we're allowed to say." Well, we can now
see it. It's better than 5.5. Of course,
it is. Uh getting it that low,
considering the weight, considering the
use case will never include hard
acceleration. Uh that, you know,
virtually never, I guess I should say.
If there's a situation where someone's
about to rear end, it might snap off the
line and get out of the way, but
virtually never. The 165 W hours per
mile is the best in North America. I
haven't looked at the ratings of
vehicles in China. It's kind of tricky
to compare, not just because you're
talking kilometers instead of miles, but
because they're also using the CLTC
range, uh, which is a it's just a
different test cycle. The Chinese cars
tend to have slightly worse efficiency.
Tesla is typically the leader,
especially on highways, uh, for
efficiency, but even in cities, they're
still very competitive with the best.
Uh, so I think there could be little
tiny cars. I mean, maybe things like the
the Wooling Hong Wong Mini in China may
get slightly better efficiency. I doubt
it, but if it does, I don't care. I want
to be in a cyber cab, not a Hong Guang
Mini.
&gt;&gt; Uh, all of this matters, doesn't it? We
we'll talk about it just shortly here,
but just uh to round it up here in
pounds, Cybercap is you said 3100 lb. It
is much lighter than a Model 3 and of
course much lighter than all the other
cars. It is It matters. So when you have
not only
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's lighter than a semi. Okay.
Well, I appreciate you.
&gt;&gt; I needed to show the photo of the semi
just to be sure that it is lighter than
the semi. Yes.
&gt;&gt; But
&gt;&gt; confirmed. Yes, confirm. So, if you are
not only lighter, but you have really
good efficiency of your batteries, you
you're going with this, right? You have
lighter battery, lighter car, more
efficient battery, faster supercharging,
uh I think the the data that we're
showing that for every one cyber cab,
you would need three Whimos. Oh,
&gt;&gt; basically you you'd have to take the
Whimo, go back, and then you'd have to
have that charging while you're getting
a second Whimo out so that you can the
first cap's still out there driving. You
know, you have half the battery of a
Whimo, a little bit more than half the
battery of a Whimo and substantially
more range. We don't know what the
actual range is, but the compute in
those cars is thirsty. Uh, another
interesting thing on the certificate of
conformity is that it is not 400vt
architecture. is not a 800vt
architecture. It was something weird
like 326 or 362 which tells me that they
have made this uh very specifically
tuned for its exact use case. Uh which I
I don't yet know what that means, but
I've got some calls out to electrical
engineer friends of mine who could
hopefully shed some light.
&gt;&gt; Brian, how do we know or what kind of
signs are you looking for to know
whether or not this is good to go? like
yes, okay, we see a hundred out there,
we see 50 there, that's fine, but this
is still testing numbers. When do we
know that they haven't run into a
supplier snafu, an a quality issue,
those kind of things?
&gt;&gt; So, that's a great question. Uh, the
answer is we are past that point. They
have enough out. It is not a couple
hundred. It is high hundreds. And we
know because in many places, in many
instances, we've seen more than a
hundred. Uh, I'm sure there's a
statistical regression you could do that
would uh get you to a reasonable guess
on the number, but I'd be very surprised
if it's under a thousand.
That is not an obstacle. Even if there
is a critical issue, we found that uh
some
fuse is is just the completely wrong
application. It doesn't matter because
you didn't sell them. You don't have to
recall them. You just swap them out. You
just bring them back in, crush them,
send out new ones, or bring them back
in, uh, fix them, and send them back
out. Uh, because they control not just
who owns them, but where they live. If
you and I buy that car, we might be in
Peoria next week. That's not great. We
don't have a shop that knows about them
in Peoria. Uh, but if it's all in Dallas
and Austin and San Francisco or Los
Angeles, you can have the specialists on
standby waiting to address those issues
in those places as they arise. So, I
don't see a physical uh hurdle remaining
in terms of deployment. It's just the
software. whenever they decide the that
the software is where it needs to be,
it'll it'll start turning on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. That makes a lot of sense.
We we know that they're building a
facility 51,000 square foot I think I
think actually in Grand Prairie, Texas,
which is in the middle of, you know,
Dallas, the hub. And um it's both a
service center as well as a service and
repair center as well as a charging
cleaning facility for Cybercap. So
maintenance and repair.
&gt;&gt; If there was a problem, they go that
one, but they're all within the same
cities, so it's not that far and then
they repair it. So it's
&gt;&gt; it's like I've I've seen people say,
"Oh, uh, you know, BYD or or some
company, some Chinese company should
just pay the 100% import tariff and
bring in this one specific car that I
personally love because they would sell
at least dozens if not hundreds." And I
say, "That's great, but then they need
to have service centers nationwide." If
it was a robo taxi they were bringing
in, they would only need one service
center for each market that it's in. Uh
so it is a uh a a benefit of being
vertically integrated of keeping the
product inhouse.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, here we go. The science
keeps building. U anything else about
the cyber capab that you thought you
knew when you first uh were able to do
deep dive on this and then now that more
information shared that you're shocked
about learning. Um, no. There is a
question I have. Someone got up close
and personal with it and saw what
appeared to be a bubble, like maybe a
paint bubble or a wrap bubble. Uh, I'd
like to know what that is, but beyond
that,
whatever it is, I'm not concerned. I'd
just like to know.
&gt;&gt; All right. Here's another question for
you then. Um, given everything we now
know about the cyber cab and even the
Model Y that is being used for robo
taxi, all the things that we didn't know
was needed, but sounds like they're
needed like camera washers. That's one
example. Maybe the the uh Starlink
terminal at the back. Other things you
can tell me, does that mean that uh
they're going to drop the plan where I
can put my car into the service and be a
robo taxi? M. So maybe it is a very
strong maybe. If they were to allow your
car into the network, maybe they would
only allow it during certain weather
conditions.
Maybe it's only on a day that has less
than 10% chance of rain, for example, or
uh you know what whatever it may be. Uh
so it could be that that is an obstacle
because there's no easy way to retrofit
your car with washers on all the
cameras. Um, it's a bit of surgery and
well, you could have a third party do
it. Yeah, but we need them to be
certified and uh it creates new
obstacles. I'm with as much money as a
cyber cab is worth or a factoryowned
Model Y is worth, I'm deeply skeptical
that owner vehicles would be in the
first round of uh deployment. And I'm
also a bit skeptical we'd be in the
second round. Uh, so
&gt;&gt; yeah, I agree with you. I'm I'm already
saying it's not even going to be next
year. Like, it's going to be a year in a
bit before they will allow customer cars
in. I I'm being told the opposite.
People saying, "Nope, it's going to come
soon." I'm just skeptical, too, because
uh well, this idea that they will still
even add it. know I I I was asked this
question by a family member and I had my
answer was well
they kind of have to because they
promised it so often by everybody in the
company was referring to customer cars
being part of robo taxi. So I don't know
if they've learned anything new that
then they have to backtrack on it but it
would be a legal nightmare if they if
they did not do this. It's worse than
the hardware three cars not getting robo
taxi. M well I I would argue that uh
there's a lot of potential legal
pitfalls between here and there. Uh one
is this statement that FSD would be able
to drive itself coast to coast
unsupervised uh in the early uh hardware
3 days that
&gt;&gt; I don't know that that's coming ever.
And that is a big uh that is I mean that
was in writing uh that was like onscreen
uh cemented in uh and to the folks
worried that hardware 3 will never get
the love to go
&gt;&gt; into uh into a potentially unsupervised
or at least uh rival version 14. I will
tell you that is 100% a priority for
Tesla. They are more interested in
making it happen than you because right
now you can't get FSD outside the US
unless you have hardware for. They want
a hard they want that revenue that is
millions of dollars a month, tens maybe
hundreds of millions of dollars a month
that
that they would be able to unlock. So it
is definitely coming.
&gt;&gt; I just don't know when.
&gt;&gt; What percentage chance you think that
it'll actually make the deadline of uh
the end of this month?
&gt;&gt; Low. it is low. Um, I don't know. Uh, I
don't recall that being something that
was materially guided for. The only FSD
timelines that matter to me are when
Ashok posts it with a date. When he does
that, I believe it. And I think the most
last summer he posted what, eight or 10
milestones with dates. The worst
performing of those was the very last
one missed by a whole day. He's a liar,
Robert. He lied.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's very good.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully you didn't lie today, Brian,
but you dropped a lot of good
information, so I hope you're right, and
I think you are. Thank you so much, man.
Go follow Brian at his YouTube channel,
Futurazza. Thanks, everybody. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.