Channel:     thelimitingfactor
Title:       CATL Tech Day 2026 // What The Hype Missed
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgyMjVCDbAY
Published:   2026-05-20 14:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-20 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back everyone. I'm Jordan Gizigy
and this is the limiting factor. If you
follow the battery space, you've likely
seen the key specs from CL's recent tech
day presentation, such as Shanqing 3,
which can charge from 10 to 80% in less
than 4 minutes. However, there was a lot
more to the presentation than just great
specs. It was a mini masterclass in
batteries and provided insights into
CL's overall market strategy. But it was
also a reality check for several
technologies they've been working on,
such as sodium ion batteries and
semi-olid state batteries. Before we
begin, a special thanks to my Patreon
supporters, YouTube members, and Twitter
subscribers, as well as
rebellionaire.com.
They specialize in helping investors
manage concentrated positions.
Rebellionaire can help with covered
calls, risk management, and creating a
money master plan from your financial
first principles. CATL opened the
presentation by saying, quote, "No
single material can achieve optimal
performance across all metrics. Every
material has its own strengths and
weaknesses. Rather than expending
enormous effort attacking weaknesses,
it's better to skillfully leverage each
material's characteristics and limits."
End quote. That wording is very similar
to wording that I've used in a number of
my videos, but it hits different coming
from the largest battery company in the
world. Like all battery manufacturers,
CL is sometimes guilty of overhyping
their products and leaving out key
details, but for the most part, they do
a good job of setting expectations.
In this case, the key message is there
is no miracle battery, only the best
battery for each use case. I won't dig
into every innovation they covered at
Tech Day because some of them were
covered in years past or wouldn't
interest most of my audience, but let's
cover the top four. First, Shan Shing 3,
which has been the primary focus of the
battery sphere in the past month,
charges at up to 15C, which is 10 to 80%
in 3 minutes and 44 seconds. Not only
that, it comes without a compromise on
cycle life, which I'll come back to in a
moment. It was at this point in the
presentation that CL provided a mini
masterclass on fast charging and
longevity. The reason fast charging can
damage the battery is heat. According to
the eranous equation, for each 10°
increase in temperature, negative side
reactions double. Negative side
reactions are, of course, what kills
cycle life. The two obvious solutions to
keep the battery from overheating are
reducing the heat that the battery cell
generates in the first place and better
thermal management, that is a better
cooling system. With regards to heat
generation, according to Jules's law, at
a given voltage and resistance, heat
generation scales with the square of the
current. That is, there are three
variables for heat generation in the
battery cell. Voltage, resistance, and
current. The voltage of a battery cell
is set by its chemistry. So, that can't
be changed. Resistance, however, can be
improved through better materials
design. By lowering the resistance,
higher currents can be reached without
overheating and faster charging speeds
can be achieved. As I've said in the
past, most of the resistance in the
battery cell is due to ionic resistance
from moving ions around rather than
electronic resistance from moving
electricity around. And in my video on
Shaning fast charging from about 18
months ago, I covered several
innovations that CL was potentially
using up to that point that would go a
long way in reducing ionic resistance.
However, Shaning 3 is on another level
entirely and it uses two innovations
that may replace or work in addition to
the innovations I covered previously.
The first innovation has to do with the
SEI on the anode. As I showed in my how
a battery works video, when a battery
cell is first charged at the factory, a
solid electrolyte interphase or SEI
forms on the anode that protects it from
degradation.
CL says that they've optimized the SEI,
which doubled lithium ion transmission
while maintaining battery longevity.
faster lithium ion transmission rates of
course mean lower ionic resistance and
therefore less heat generation. The
second innovation is a modification to
the graphite that sits under the SEI.
The gaps between the graphite layers
are.33 nanome wide. However, lithium
ions require slightly more space than
that. So when the battery cell is
charged, the lithium ions are forced
between the layers, expanding the gap to
about 37 nanome, which is about a 12%
increase, give or take a couple of
percent. That obviously means a huge
amount of ionic resistance as the
lithium ions work their way into the
graphite and expand it. That's not to
mention the expansion and contraction
stresses it creates, which degrades the
battery. CL's solution to that was to
use another wider ion to create pillars
within the graphite. Basically holding
the door open so that lithium ions can
flow more freely into and out of the
graphite. The combination of the
optimized SEI and improved graphite
layer spacing allowed CL to achieve an
extremely low resistance with Shanqing
of about.25 25 milliohms, which is about
half that of a comparable LFP battery
cell. That means Shun Shing can charge
harder and with less degradation than a
typical battery cell. It retains 90% of
its capacity after a,000 to complete
fast charging cycles. That means
depending on the battery pack size, it
should last at least 500,000 miles.
That's not as good as the best LFP
battery cells in terms of longevity, but
far better than most EVs will ever need.
Let's move on to CL's Chi Lean battery.
CL said, quote, "Weight is the primary
enemy of efficiency and performance.
Excessive weight is a form of waste.
Energy density is the defining standard
for premium batteries. NCM is the
optimal solution for premium long range
vehicles. For EVs priced above about
250,000 yuan, choosing LFP is a
disguised downgrade. End quote. For
reference, 250,000 yuan is about
$37,000.
What CL is saying here is surprising for
two reasons. First, they're saying that
LFP, their bread and butter, can't
compete with high nickel batteries in
premium EVs, where people place more
value on range, handling, and
performance than charging speed. Second,
it's a shot across the bow of BYD, which
has been heavily pushing LFP batteries
for their premium long range and high
performance vehicles. CL went on to say
that their Chilean battery pack can hit
280 W hours per kilogram, which is far
beyond the roughly 180 to 200 W hours
per kilogram found in most cuttingedge
EV battery packs. 280 W hours per
kilogram is more typically what they
achieve at the cell level. How did CL do
this? As far as I'm aware, Chilean is a
pack architecture, not a cell chemistry.
So when they say 280 W hours per
kilogram, it's likely a bestcase
scenario using their semi-olidstate
condensed matter battery cell. And when
they say it can also achieve a 15C
charge rate, they're likely talking
about with Shaning LFP battery cells.
That is the slide isn't likely saying
that Chilean can do 280 W hours per
kilogram and 15C charge rates with the
same battery pack, but rather the same
pack architecture using different cell
chemistries. I'd love to be wrong, but
that's my interpretation. As I said at
the beginning of the video, CL
acknowledged that they pursued different
cell chemistries to maximize different
specs. Next, CL provided new information
on their condensed matter semi-olidstate
battery, which was advertised in the
past to be 500 W hours per kilogram. It
turns out that was just for the aviation
version of the battery. The automotive
version, which likely has more demanding
cycle life requirements, for example,
will only hit 350 W hours per kilogram
and 760 W hours per liter. Don't get me
wrong, that's still excellent, but 350 W
hours per kilogram and 760 W hours per
liter is in the ballpark of what's
possible with current liquid electrolyte
battery cells, especially on the
volutric energy density side. For
example, the Panasonic 2170 that's used
in Tesla vehicles hits 271 W hours per
kilogram and 755
W hours per liter. And there are already
Chinese versions of the 4680 that
achieve around 302 W hours per kilogram,
which would place the volutric energy
density at around 800 W hours per liter.
Both of those cells are manufactured
using cheap materials and production
processes capable of extremely high
volumes. That's as opposed to the
condensed matter battery which at least
in the near future will use expensive
materials at lower production volumes.
As a final note on the condensed matter
battery, besides energy density, it also
potentially offers higher safety. As
this video shows, the gel electrolyte is
fireresistant.
That's as opposed to the liquid
electrolyte and conventional lithium ion
battery cells, which is highly
flammable. That's not a guarantee that
the battery will be safer, but it's
certainly a first principles advantage.
The last technology to cover from CL's
presentation was Naxtra, their sodium
ion battery cell. A few months ago, I
did a video covering some of the
manufacturing challenges of sodium ion
batteries, such as the reactivity of
sodium ion cathode materials with
environmental moisture. At Tech Day, CL
said that they've solved some of those
manufacturing challenges and are
planning mass production of sodium ion
batteries in the fourth quarter of this
year. That may be surprising to many
people who assumed that CL was already
mass- prodducing sodium ion batteries.
Second, many people were under the
assumption that CL is no longer going to
be using a hard carbon anode for NXTra
and was instead using a self-forming
sodium metal anode. The benefit of a
sodium metal anode is that in the long
term it would allow sodium ion batteries
to approach the energy density of high
nickel batteries. However, CL confirmed
that they had to solve production
problems with the hard carbon anode to
bring NXTra to market. So, in my view,
it appears that the sodium metal anode
is for an alternate potentially future
version of Naxtra. In summary, CL has
ultra fast charging LFP batteries for
the mid-range EV market, high energy
density NMC and solidstate batteries for
high-end EVs, and they're working on
scaling ultra cheap sodium ion batteries
for lower-end vehicles. Obviously, each
battery chemistry can be used in other
products like energy storage, VTOLs, and
scooters, but CL likely focused on EVs
and their presentation because passenger
vehicles are the product that resonates
most with consumers and investors.
Either way, the key point here is that,
as I've said many times before, new
battery chemistries don't make other
battery chemistries obsolete. They each
have strengths and weaknesses that
expand the battery market as a whole.
It's not a zero- sum game. CL's
presentation also made it clear that the
hype we've seen in the past year for
their semi-olidstate condensed matter
battery and an extra sodium ion
batteries got a little out of hand. For
EVs, the condensed matter battery will
deliver 350 and not 500 W hours per
kilogram of energy density, while the
Naxtra battery appears to primarily use
a hardcarbon anode rather than an
advanced sodium metal anode.
Furthermore, Naxtra production won't
really begin in earnest until later this
year. Yes, CL just recently agreed to
supply 60 gawatt hours of sodium ion
batteries to Hyper Strong, but that's
over a three-year window. So, on
average, 20 gatt hours per year between
now and 2029.
However, within the next few years, CL
will likely have cracked 1 terowatt hour
of total battery production per year. So
their sodium ion battery deliveries to
hyper strong will only make up about 2%
of their sales. That is CL is making
exciting moves with every battery
chemistry. But the global battery
industry is a juggernaut and it'll take
several years before all of their
innovations are common in China, let
alone Western countries like the United
States. By that point, we'll likely see
comparable advancements made by
companies like Tesla, LG Chem, and
Panasonic. As always, please consider
supporting the channel with the links in
the description, which now also includes
a referral link for Signature Solar. If
you use that link to purchase home
battery or solar equipment, it nets me a
small percentbased credit, but that can
add up on a large purchase, and it
really helps the channel. On that note,
a special thanks to my YouTube members,
ex-subscribers, and all the other
patrons listed in the credits. I
appreciate all of your support, and
thanks for tuning in.