Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Fateful German Election in Sachsen Anhalt: LIVE Coverage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eVCPbobT-o
Published:   2026-09-06 15:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-06 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have today a very very special live
cast here to cover a huge huge event
that is actually a political event that
on its surf on its surface looks like
not important for most people in the
world. It's about a small German state
called Zaken Anal that is actually
having an election as we speak and the
results are in. But I want to first
frame why this is so important for
people all across Europe and all across
United States, maybe even in Canada,
Australia, New Zealand. Here is CNN.
Here's the main homepage of CNN. And
they are covering that tiny state
election. And we will explain in a
second what that state is, where it is
located in Germany, and why this
election in a German state could change
everything. It could even bring down the
entire European Union. And that is not
an exaggeration. I will point out
exactly how and why. I did this in a
video a few weeks ago, but now the whole
world is paying attention.
Also, another great source of dubious
news called the New York Times.
Here you have the New York Times
homepage and you see here live German
election. Isn't that interesting? Even
the New York Times is covering this here
in a very large way on the main page
just so you see how it is. Uh we will
talk about the AFD, what that party is
all about. I give you a little spoiler
alert. Any news outlet or fake news
outlet that says it's a far-right party
is lying, probably on purpose. And you
see the New York Times is doing that.
CNN is I think also doing it. So far
right that gives it away that people are
not on your side.
And that is not a judgment on far right
or far left. It's just factually
completely untrue and a way to smear
this party. But we will go into that in
a second. So first of all, why is it so
important? What is going on? What is
Zaken Anhal? Why does it matter? So,
we'll go to the map. Just a little, you
know, mini geography lesson. Let's zoom
out. Here you see Germany. I hope they
have
So, here you see Europe, in case you
didn't know. Here you see Germany in the
middle. Right here is the capital,
Berlin. Here is Copenhagen and Denmark.
Here's the Netherlands. Here's Belgium.
Down here is Switzerland, Austria.
Here's the Czech Republic. And here's
Poland. And so in the middle of Germany,
a little bit to the northwest of the
very center Hessen here in the middle,
you have this beautiful state of Saxony,
Anhal. So you have lower Saxony, you
have Saxony and Saxony. Anhal, the three
Saxonian kind of states. And that is in
the former east of Germany, which is
very important. We will get to this.
Here you see another
view of this of this map.
Oops.
And there we have an election today. It
is a pretty small state with only 2
million people. Germany has 80 million
citizens. There are only 2 million of
these 80 million in that state. There
are 16 states in total. For example,
here's the largest state, Northwest
Falin. Here's Bavaria, also very large
state. This is a tiny state. Why is this
election so decisive and important for
everyone? Well, as I covered before, we
have the AFD.
The AFD is a new party, the alternative
fudge, the alternative for Germany. A
well selected name. This party is
explicitly not left or rightwing. It's a
center position party that says, you
know what, we are flexible on all sides.
We are not super left. We are not super
right. We like the state but we want to
have freedom for companies but we are
not radical libertarians. We are like a
middle center party. We are just saying
two things.
Number one, migration has destroyed and
is destroying Germany and by the way all
of Europe. And number two, the European
Union is a little bit of a problem
because it had a say in that. So,
and number three, maybe most
importantly, the other parties are
forming a cartel together with the media
to give the citizens no choice. There
are right-wing parties, leftwing
parties, center parties, green parties,
but they all actually do the exact same
thing. And if you're American, you have
heard that about Democrats and
Republicans. I think some people say
it's the same thing. And this is the big
thing happening in the United States
right now. But in Germany it's also very
extreme that sentiment that people say
what is even happening
and so
we will see what happens next. Let's see
where we have actually the
first projections what is happening here
and if that projection holds up it is
absolutely game over. Now we have to
understand this is the first projection
at 6:00 p p.m. German time. You see the
AFD is vastly exceeding even the
positive the most positive projections.
Uh I think that is a we have to like
discount this a little bit. By the way
the the the greens are at 9%. This is
definitely not correct. They will go
much below that. Uh so this is a very
early projection over the you know
during the night. We have to see what
actually turns out to be true. But the
AFD if they get to 43% something around
that they have the absolute majority
which would be a revolution. So while we
are tracking this and see what people
think. Do we have actually here the
the projections? I mean that would be
not enough seats. So while we are
discussing that we have to actually look
into
what is going on there and why people
are so excited about this election.
We have here, by the way, I will watch
this on the sidelines. Neos, this is a
TV station. Um, they're discussing that.
They had some very good coverage of
that. But why is this so important?
Because the AFD, the way it was treated
in Germany was through a so-called
firewall by the CDU. You probably know
Chancellor Mertz from the international
news. Uh here you see Chancellor Mertz.
Many people are very critical of him. He
is the leader of the Christian
Democratic Party which used to be it's
something like the Tories in the UK the
conservative party of Germany used to be
the biggest party uh and Merkel you
probably have heard of Merkel that was
the chancellor before uh be two two
chancellors before Mertz. She opened the
German borders famously and the European
borders and led millions and millions of
refugees unvetted
in violation of German law into the
country. And that created the steepest
rise in violent crimes that Germany has
ever experienced
uh since the Russian since the Red Army
in 1945.
So pretty bad. And Merz is in the
tradition of Merkel. He came in, he
promised a bunch of stuff, a bunch of
conservative things and then did kind of
the opposite. He promised there will be
no more debt and then he did the exact
opposite and created the biggest debt
increase within weeks after he took
office in the history of Germany. It's
kind of not good and so people are
pretty mad at him. He has tremendously
low approval ratings. Uh Mer's approval
ratings are absolutely toast.
uh when we look at that you see that
currently he's at 13%.
If you know anything about approval
ratings 13% is not good that is a
disaster and he came up with this idea
of the firewall against the AFD because
the AFD as a centrist party has a lot of
overlaps with the program of the CDU.
So it's very hard for the CDU to
differentiate itself from the AFD
because they effectively have an extreme
overlap on migration on all kinds of
economic policy. They are basically
identical. They only differ in terms of
EU because the AFD wants to exit the EU
effectively. they don't formulate as
hard but goes in this direction and this
CDU is very pro EU but other than that
they have a huge overlap and then makes
the AFD extremely dangerous for the CDU
because if it's just a better CDU
everyone is going to vote for the AFD
that is why Chancellor Mertz is trying
everything in his power to tell everyone
they are not centrist they are far right
and of course the New York Times loves
this whole idea and that is the
situation and that is exactly why we
also see that the CDU is getting
absolutely destroyed by the AFD.
The CDU is down 18% to 80. So they're
they lost 50%
of the vote, right? They were at 36% 37%
down to 18.5% in this projection. The
AFD went from 23% to 44. So effectively
nearly doubled 100% plus 50% minus. You
do the math. Where did the FD get all
the votes? From the CDU because the CDU
voters are running in droves to the FD.
So in Germany the situations you have
two identical parties now one the old
conservatives and one the new kind of
conservatives.
In many respects the AFD is even
slightly left to the CDU when you read
the program in terms of economics for
example.
So that's very funny. And uh for example
the AFD leader is a lesbian. She's gay
and she lives in Switzerland with a Sri
Lankan girlfriend. So that wouldn't
happen in the CDU. So the AFD would I
would position them slightly to the left
of the CDU? Not much. Uh only on
migration are there a little more right
but on paper also not much more right.
And that makes them a nightmare for the
CDU
which is losing trust with it with it
with its voters and also interestingly
enough not just with its voters also
with its members. And that will be an
interesting debate tonight because the
next big question is how will the AFD
use this victory which is guaranteed
tonight that they have a huge victory.
How can they translate that? And it's
very rare in Germany in a state that any
party has the absolute majority. It
happens sometimes in Bavaria or used to
happen in Bavaria with a CDU or CSU,
but in no other state do you have an
absolute majority. Uh maybe some tiny
little city states had a SPD m uh
absolute majority. I'm not even sure.
Not no important state had a majority
other than Bavaria absolute majority. So
if the FD gets there, that will be
interesting. So now the big question is,
do we have any updates here? No. The big
question is, let me just get more of
these sites up.
Zaken unhalt
election.
Let's see what the fake New York Times
that calls the everyone who calls the
AFD far, right? You should automatically
disqualify. They are fake news. And if
they have any money to pay journalists
to do research, and they still say it,
and I assume the New York Times still
has some money left, not much probably
to pay their journalists, uh, they are
lying on purpose. They know they're not
far right. So, you know how it is. They
want to scare people. Uh, completely
ridiculous. And no one reads that stuff
anymore. But let's see what they're
saying here.
Oh, I'm not a subscriber and I'm not
creating a free account with you.
little people. So, let's see what CNN if
they also want me to subscribe.
Uh, what do they say?
44.5% of the vote.
Uh,
what are they saying? Not much. So, this
is of course not very helpful.
They don't know much. We have to go to
the Germans.
Uh
what do the German where's devel
is still maybe the most reasonable
newspaper.
Uh
we had also record participation in this
election. By the way we had a record
number of people going to the polls. Um,
this is what we are looking at right
now. It's very interesting.
It corrects a little bit. As I told you,
the greens are now down from 9% to 8.5%.
They will go all the way down to 5%
probably, hopefully a little below 5%.
uh if they are below five and the BSW
are below five
uh the AFD should have an absolute
majority that is the big game here in
Germany you have the 5% hurdle so any
party below 5% is not allowed into the
parliament to avoid like you know
totally fractured parliament
uh and so the big question is will the
greens and the BSW get into this thing
or not and if not you can imagine you're
losing kind of 10% or whatever plus
these guys and so your 44% or 43% are
enough to have an absolute majority. So
that's the big question.
So we have news here the latest three
minutes ago Schulz who is the current
governor of that state who is a CDU guy
says this is democracy very interesting
because normally it's not democracy if
the wrong party wins as you know you
know it from the United States right if
people vote for Carmela it's democracy
if people vote for Trump it's not
democracy same in Germany uh normally
the CDU would say this is not democracy
but since this is the East German CDU
who is already distancing themselves
from Mertz the chancellor. There's a
revolution going on. They will overthrow
Mertz very likely and kick him out as a
chancellor because he's done especially
after this year. Uh Schulz says he's
congratulating the AFD and says this is
democracy. So these are very good signs.
Who knows what's going to happen.
Uh
he says
uh some he so the the governor says some
say this would be a black day for
Saxonia anhal for Zakanhal I say this is
democracy
interesting tone here so Schulz is
clearly catering a little bit to the
people and say you know what if you vote
for the FD it's still okay
uh and Schulz is actually lording the
high participation in the election and
uh
now he says it's important that we all
deal with it and do the right thing and
of course Ziggmo this is the winner
uh this is the
so this is V that's the head of the AFD
Germany this is Tupala the other head
they have a co-head and this is the guy
who ran and Zaken unhalled and he wins
and Ziggmund olig Ziggman who is the
winner. He says towards the CDU, "I'm
reaching out my hand and I hope we can
achieve a fundamental political course
correction."
So nice words back and forth which is
not normal. Uh so this is kind of a good
uh situation.
You see here the first projections for
the actual coalition and the actual uh
seats in the parliament.
Oh, I didn't even share this here. Sorry
about this. So here you see Vital and
Tropala and Zik in the middle who won.
And here you see the projections
about what's going on. Right? So at the
current projection that means the greens
are in
and they also assume the BW is in.
That's kind of incorrect,
right? So this is like a little
incorrect.
How does this work? This thing. So you
have 83.
What is this?
What?
I don't know understand how this works.
You have to click on this. Ah, I have to
remove these people. Ah, now I
understand. So here you can do your
little election, your government thing.
So if you say if these in,
they're missing three seats
for the majority. But that assumes the
BW is in.
You know, if they if you take them out,
this is a little stupid. then you can
say with the BW they would win but what
happens if they're not in the parliament
then this changes they would only I
think then they're only missing two
seats or less. Um and if the Greens are
also out they probably have an absolute
majority.
Who knows? We will see.
So
this is the situation
and the reason this is so important for
Europe is because it's a domino effect
and that domino effect is that if the FD
now forms this coalition I will explain
some more bad news for Mertz here
potentially
now Mertz is under enormous pressure
enormous pressure because he's already
at 13%. Now we see that the East Germans
in the first state have absolutely
destroyed
uh the CDU and he's already under
pressure and so the calls for his for
him stepping down and creating a new
government become louder and louder
which would mean new elections in
Germany. And if you have new elections
in Germany in the next 6 months, nine
months, every month that goes by
strengthens the AFD.
And of course, the nightmare for these
parties is if the FD now really gets
into power, it is pretty clear that we
can project
that Ziggman will have an easy time
turning that state around. I've looked
into the situation. It's not hard to fix
Germany. That's the bad news for the
established parties. If you have any
kind type of competence in politics, you
could fix Germany extremely easily.
Because the problem of Germany is not
that it has any real problems. The
problems are all homemade from the top.
Insane regulations, super toxic
atmosphere.
We have record immigration from
competent Germans, from entrepreneurs,
from companies out of the country. The
destruction of the energy infrastructure
on purpose. And of course, the wararm
mongering against Russia now that costs
hundreds of billions of euros
and scares everyone and makes even more
people leave. Plus insane migration of
super lowskilled people and savages
quite frankly. Uh these are all
completely homemade problems to the
extent that people even think it's a
conspiracy at this point. It's very hard
to see how it's not. I don't I'm not
going to judge it. I just see insane
things happening. So all you need as a
politician who comes in and says like
I'm not going to do all these things.
I'm going to stop all the crazy
regulations. I'm going to listen to
people. I'm going to allow people to
just work and create value. And then
boom, you have a beautiful country.
And so that is the big fear of the
parties. If the AFD really gets into
power now, worst case scenario for the
other guys, if the AFD has absolute
majority, they could just implement all
these things that have very quickly an
effect on the sentiment in the
population, on positive business
environment. And then Sax and Anal would
start to rise very rapidly
and that would be an absolute disaster
for everyone because then everyone would
see, wait a moment, you told me these
are all crazy people. Now they have one
state and the state is doing great.
Let's have new elections in Germany. And
then the CDU would be get absolutely
destroyed. Vital would become chancellor
and then Germany would probably exit the
EU and the EU is over.
So the ripple effects of that can't even
be overstated. It would be absolutely
enormous.
And the way this is all shaping up, of
course, today will be very important
because
the most rapid decline of this German
situation of the old parties and the
media holding German people, the German
people hostage and destroying this
country. The fastest way to stop that
would be an absolute majority for the
AfD big picture taking over Zax Nanhal
and turning that state around which is
absolutely easy peasy. This is not even
hard. You just need to want it
and do some very common sense things
right if you put Elon into Zak nanhal
this thing would like triple its GDP in
two years. So
if that happens, if the FD becomes
absolute majority party, takes over the
reign in Zakanhal and turns that state
around, it's so over for everyone
because then all of Germany will say,
"Wait a moment. You told me these people
are going to build like concentration
camps and kill me." But they didn't. Now
just everyone has a job and has more
money. Everyone is happy and everyone is
moving to Zakan Anhal. And that could
happen within six to nine months. By the
way, it's very you can turn this around
very quickly.
That would be the end of the German
system because then all the other
Germans would say, "Wait a moment.
Someone lied to us. The New York Times
lied to us. The Spiegel lied to us."
Which half of the population already
knows.
And then Mertz steps down. Next election
on a federal level, AFD would win. CDU
would probably then cave and finally say
find it's form a coalition
and uh everything would change. So I
can't emphasize enough how important
this whole thing is how meaningful
and transformational this would be.
Yeah. So it is very interesting but we
are not done yet. Of course, this can
also not
this could also
uh become more difficult because more
likely than not, the AFD will not get
the absolute majority. The AFD will just
be two votes short or something. And by
the way, there is the next big question.
If the AFD
doesn't end up at 44 and the Greens get
into the parliament,
uh, then it won't have enough votes. It
will have two seats to will be two seats
short or something like that.
And one rumor that I just heard
yesterday is uh, which would be very
funny. There is a path for the AFD even
if they fall short of these seats to
still have the absolute majority. And
that path would be that some of the CDU
members who are now in parliament again
would switch sides.
It's basically imagine in America you
have you know GOP and the Dems and uh
let's say the Dems do something very
stupid. The GOP is short two seats and
then two of the Dems decide to change
parties. That happened in New Jersey for
example. and then suddenly boom the GOP
still wins.
Uh so these people who are switching
sides especially in this case where
there are no sides these are the same
parties on a program level and a lot of
CDO members are considering the AFD
because they think dudes they want the
same thing only they do it and we lie
all day long maybe I should switch
parties and if that happens the signal
would even be more devastating than if
the AFD just gets the absolute majority.
So you understand how this is so
exciting. We see this whole ripple
effect all the way from this tiny little
country uh tiny little state all the way
to the EU. Vanderline who actually Usula
Vanderline the little dictator of the EU
unaccountable never elected but somehow
in charge I don't understand why um she
actually worked in the Merkel government
as defense minister.
So they all connected these people right
Mertz Merkel same party
and worked under Merkel learned you know
learned how to do these things and now
they're all extremely scared and try to
stop this whole situation it's a little
late to stop it I mean this is the
election it's over they voted they will
try to fake the vote probably there's
overnight there are of course mail in
ballots surprise surprise so there will
be some bad surprises with mail in
ballots very similar to United states
for some reason these mail embedded skew
always left dramatically. No one knows
why and left includes the CDU of course.
Uh so this is all very interesting.
Let's go to the comments. We have a lot
to watch here. Uh we should utilize here
that most of you guys are probably
watching from outside Germany and you
can ask me any questions. I can
translate to you guys whatever is
happening here.
Uh, do we have any new updates?
Uh, here.
Probably not. We can go here. Let's go
to the comments and see.
Oh, we have a lot of comments.
Daniel Shukis,
Andreas Person looks fine. I fixed the
mic in case you came over here from my
previous live stream on Tesla Cyber Cap.
If you're politically interested, I have
to shift you also to the other side.
Don't forget politics is very important.
But the age of AGI, Tesla, SpaceX,
Nvidia, and so on and so forth. By the
way, issa
issa uh this is a German space company,
the first European company that has this
commercial,
uh rocket actually had a huge success.
Um, and I want to just mention this. 18
hours ago, German startup Issa Aerospace
launches rocket from Norway. I didn't
even know Norway. And so this is a huge
success. There are never forget Germany
is full of extremely smart and competent
people. They are just being absolutely
destroyed by these politicians, by the
European Union and the German cartel
parties from the CDO all the way to the
linker. They're trying to destroy
everything in Germany that is
productive. But guess what? The Germans
can still build stuff under these very
bad uh headwinds. So we have here issa
Aerospace became the first commercial
space company from Europe to
successfully deliver satellites to
orbit. This is like a huge success. And
don't be mean if you're SpaceX fans. I
understand they're not SpaceX, okay? But
we have to be nice. We have to be like
this is a great achievement. It's not
easy to build rockets. Don't say Elon
does it better. You do it better than
Issa, then you can trash them. I'm sure
Elon is very happy about this. By the
way, so just saying there are good
things happening in Europe.
In case you didn't know, Norway is not
part of the European Union. They're very
smart. They're basically the Iceland of
of the big Scandinavians. And they said,
"No, thank you to the EU." Uh
that's one of the reasons why they're
the richest in Europe. So that's very
interesting.
New mic are still in the bathroom. Petty
the Irishman. I don't know what
happened. I lost my mic in the last live
stream is a little instable. I don't
know what's going on here.
Uh let's go political. Exactly.
Uh,
Super Joe today says Roger Jake. Cyber
caps and German election coverages.
Finger crossed this works out for the
great Germany. We will see in the, you
know, in this the course of the live
stream. We'll see how it evolves. It's
no doubt that the AFD is absolutely
winning this. The question is, are they
winning it enough? And are these stupid
little greens, the Greens in Germany are
like complete psychos. I hate to say it,
total psychos.
Like these people here, Delinker, you
have to understand that. I have to make
this clear. Uh Delinka,
if you think
Democratic Socialists of America, DSA
are bad, you have seen nothing yet. In
Germany, everything is like a notch more
extreme on the left. Like Delinka is the
successor party of the SED, the
Socialist Unity Party.
The SED was no joke. The SED
consistently got 100% of the democratic
vote in East Germany because it was a
dictatorship. If you voted against them,
you go to Boutin, you go to the
concentration camp. So most people
decide like, you know what, I'm voting
for you guys. And you have to nudge
voters a little bit, then you get 100%.
And they were also the people who built
the wall. They were the people who
killed tens of thousands of people.
killed, you understand? Not like a
little killed. No, no. They shot them in
the back when they wanted to leave the
country.
They're like reverse Trumps. They built
the wall. They built the wall, but not
against Mexicans against their own
citizens trying to leave. So that's a
very nice part. Yes, the linker. And
they still want to kill people. They say
it openly. They want to shoot the
richest 1%. They were caught saying that
in the bundist tag in their when they
had a little session like oh yeah once
we kill once we shoot the richest 1% we
do this and that's like so very nice
people little communists but not fake
communists like in the United States
like these are real communists okay then
the greens
these people are just psychotic these
people want to blow up the energy
infrastructure and they started doing
this Merkel was like a big fan she was
like with them in the beginning so these
are the people who are effective ly
responsible for blowing up the power
plants. So you understand they are
cuckoo they are cuckoo people and the FD
and then the CDU was pretending not to
be like these people but now they want
to collude or they circulated colluding
with the communists. They were
constantly colluding with the greens and
the CDU executed the grand theory of the
link and the greens to open the borders
and basically eliminate the Germans. So,
not a good look, especially if they're
conservatives. And that's why everyone
in the east, East Germany is now fleeing
to the AFD and says like, "I've had it.
I can't deal with it anymore."
Petty the Irishman says, "Wishing the AD
the best of luck in the election so
important for Europe." Absolutely. Seems
like the women are leading the way.
Vital Le Pen Maloney after she finally
caved to the EU before she well to be
honest Petty the Irishman.
I only have hope in Germany because Le
Pen seems already be compromised.
Meloney is not delivering. Uh restore
Britain. I don't know what's going on
there but it sounds already like they're
selling out. So I'm not and reform
already did. So I do not trust it. The
AFD crew when you look at them I think
they are very unlikely to be sellouts.
Very unlikely. They're pretty serious.
Does fleeing born in sex anal? Wow. I
didn't know that. I keep my fingers
crossed. Last chance.
Yes, pretty much.
Uh
what happens to the euro if the
dissolves? Well, the euro can be
whatever people want to do with it. they
can keep it or not keep it. I actually
have to look into that. I don't have a
strong opinion. The euro was also
beneficial to some extent for Germany.
It was very nonbeneficial for many
others. But for Germany, it has some
economic advantages ahead. But they are
all marginal compared to sovereignty.
Uh CNBS was already slandering the guy
yesterday. I mean, the American
mainstream media, I mean, you know
what's going on there. It's very simple
that the all the radical left media like
New York Times and CNN and what's MSNBC,
I mean, these people, they're just nuts
anyway. And The Economists, CNBS,
you know, they're just going with the
flow. You know how they are. If everyone
goes vogue and insane, they go woke and
insane. And if everyone stops, they're
stopped. So, they're like just moving,
going with the flow.
Uh many here probably don't know Joe's
father's a legend and a smart man. Yeah.
Well, my dad was very brave. I have to
give it to him in Germany. He took a lot
of risks
and
suffered for it but he stood up for it.
So I'm very proud of my dad. Obviously
Merkel is his
that would be that bad. Merkel is not my
father. This is a rumor and fake news.
Just to make this clear, Angela is not
my dad.
She That's not true. Da punk. Why is all
coverage claiming AFD's hard right?
Because why not? No one is checking it.
All the Americans are just going to
slobber it up and all the British like
no one can read German. You can just
tell them whatever you want. In Germany,
people don't buy it anymore.
Angela Merkel welcomed 1 million
immigrants. It's actually more than 1
million. It's not just 1 million. It's
it's many more.
Yeah.
Is Mertz related to Tesla Boomer? Ask
Tesla Boomer Mama. I hope not for her.
I've come to realize when I hear media
say farright, it means good citizens.
Yeah, that's pretty much. I mean, you
know the latest farright. Now you're a
farright extremist. If you are against
murdering babies, that's the latest. You
probably know all about it. I don't even
want to talk about that case. This is
like too insane for me. But this demonic
woman is probably doing us all a favor
culturally because people are now like,
"Wait a moment. What? What?"
Uh,
Da Punk. Well, what else would a
socialist do then to increase debt?
Well, yeah, Da Punk. But of course, he's
claiming not to be that. That's the
problem. I rather prefer the linker who
say, "You know what? we are running for
office. If we win, we're going to shoot
you people because you're rich. At least
they're honest. The CDU says like, "Oh,
we are protecting like the good
citizens, upstanding citizens. We are
conservatives. We will fight the debt."
And then they come in and do the
greatest debt increase. Like the link
wouldn't even dream of that. That's
crazy.
Here, Daniel Shuki says, "Back then when
the wall was still up in East Germany,
they didn't even know how pizza tastes.
I guess they don't want to go back to
the politics of the link sed. Well, the
interesting thing about the East Germans
is why are they not being fooled by
this? You know, in in West Germany,
everyone says you can't even consider
the FD. They're all Nazis.
And the the Aussies, the East Germans,
of course, they tell them the same
thing, but the East Germans like, "Wait
a moment. The last people who told me
everyone is a Nazi were was the
communists who shot us because they told
the East Germans that everyone west of
the wall is a Nazi. The Americans are
Nazis. The West Germans are Nazis.
They're all farright Nazis. And so the
Aussies, the East Germans are like,
"Wait a moment. I heard that before.
They're all Nazis. But this time the
Nazis, the people who we were told are
Nazis, are now saying that these people
are Nazis. So maybe everyone is lying
all the time. So that's why the East
Germans are a little smarter. They're a
little more trained in real democracy
because they actually have seen the
whole thing. They lived in a system full
of lies. They secretly listen to the
Western TV to get the news in that
they're not allowed to see. So they
understand if you're in a system that
lies to you, just try to get the other
news. So in East Germany you have much
more alternative media. I was like dude
I'm not watching state TV again and
being told lies again. And of course it
enrages the people in West Germany and
they all say oh these Aussies they're
all poor and dumb and Nazis. So very
interesting but they're not buying it
obviously.
Uh
I can show you also this map which is
very
interesting. Oh, the BBC. If you think
the New York Times and CNN and even the
German propaganda media are bad,
hold my pint of beer. BBC is still the
world leader in fake news. I mean,
Pravda would be proud of them. The BBC
is the most extreist fake news you will
ever see. Normally, I don't deal with
them, but yeah, of course, German far
right a big win in Eastern State.
Uh, that's what the BBC says. BBC.
Hilarious. Okay, let's see
images. I want to show you guys one
thing that's very important to see. Like
this is the old image, but it's already
looking very different. Even more blue.
But you see how divided Germany is. You
see multiple things. Why is this
Facebook
so annoying? What is that?
No, I just want
I just want to show you this here.
Blue is AFD majority, but that's not
that's the polls, right? This is not the
actual
This is not the actual but and it's
probably old but you see the entire West
Germany CDU dominated and the entire
East Germany is AFD dominated which is
kind of funny when you consider that
both parties have the same program.
So
all of Germany is conservative. The
voters want conservative politics and on
paper these parties are identical to
make a long story short with the
exception of EU. And the fact that all
of Germany once blue or black which is
the same makes you wonder why is Germany
ruled with hardcore leftist and green
politics for the last 30 years. It's a
little weird, right? if they all want to
vote conservative. Well, not even
conservative, whatever, middle of the
road. And uh that is the traitor
problem. I call it the traitor problem
of the CDU that they are sucking up all
the votes like, "Oh, we can free you
from the Greens and the Socialists." And
all Germans are like, "Yes, please." And
they vote black. Of course, I want to
vote blue. But then the blacks tell
them, the black CDU people, uh, you
can't vote for blue. They're Nazis. It's
like, why are they Nazis? They have the
same program as you. Well, they are not
telling you they're Nazis. They're just
secretly Nazis. They would never say it.
That's the dangerous thing about Nazis.
That's basically the narrative in
Germany. Well, of course, the AFD
pretends not to be Nazis. And everyone's
like, "Dude, have you seen actual Nazis?
It's not that the Furer made it a big
secret." He's like, "Well, I'm not going
to say anything mean, but secretly I
want to do it." Dude, that's not how
that's not what happened.
So, it's like a total joke. It's like
you you when I'm talking to my German
friends, even my smart German friends, I
always feel like it's a mass psychosis
that everyone says, "But they're Nazis."
And then you say, "But where's the
evidence?" And say, "Of course there's
no evidence. Nazis would never leave
evidence." It's like, "What?
You're cuckoo."
So, these Nazis you're so afraid of, are
they right here with us in the room?
It's like, yes, they're everywhere.
It's a little trick difficult.
here. Susan Ling, hello from UK. My
grand my great grandma was German
though. Very good.
Which part is responsible for
implementing the policy that that men of
fighting age must ask permission to
travel outside the country? The of
course the CDU. That is the CDU.
Uh the uni party will try to form an
ultra firewall in the general election
which won't last and CSU and delink will
be a disaster which will force Bundistak
to collapse. Yes. And you should not
underestimate me. I know many CDU
people. The normal CDU member and even
the lowranking politicians are good
people. They are conservatives. They are
appalled by what's happening. And so the
biggest problem of the CDU is that their
own members,
their own members have had it. That is
why I'm saying if the AFD is two seats
short, I tell you the best situation
that could happen is not that the AFD
gets the absolute majority. The best
situation that could happen is that the
FD falls two seats short and then three
CDU people say, you know what, we have
had and we switch sides. That would be
the ultimate peak devastation
because that would open up the
floodgates for all the CDU members to
say you know what we're just changing
parties and they would be so celebrated
in the AFD obviously you know they lend
the AFD more and more credibility
because everyone says clearly it's the
same party only one is lying and the
others is not so getting CDU members
into the FD which is of course happening
all the time but in such a critical
thing would be just very good.
Uh, can we trust the general populace to
see the real results from AFD in sexy
and not believe the media? I mean, it's
always the same problem, especially in
Europe. You still have I just talked to
some Swedish guys and it's like this is
the biggest problem in Europe. The good
that it's not as diversified
with alternative media as the United
States. But the good news is in Germany,
Germany is the country where you see the
most movement on the ground. There's
this new YouTuber who's getting
extremely big. He had two of the AFD top
people on his podcast, Ben Una Scripted,
and he's totally winning. He has like so
many more views than any of these
mainstream media people. And uh
I think in the end it's always a media
battlefield, right? Because if you are
hooked with your brain to the mainstream
media and the lies in Germany are if you
think CNN is bad in New York Times, you
have seen nothing yet. You should watch
state media in Germany. It's
unbelievable. I sometimes I can't even
believe it. I read like you guys
are there no consequences. There must
there's no accountability. You can say
whatever you want.
Uh why would Germany leave the EU be
good? Did the UK get better after
leaving EU? Well, the UK has its own
problems. And the UK, I would say UK and
France, I'm definitely not an expert. I
mean, France, no one has an idea what
happen what is happening there. UK of
course I understand the basics, but it's
a whole different thing. I'm not deep
inside UK politics, but the Brexit was
the least of their problems. Like most
of the migration in the UK happened
after Brexit, so there was some major
treason going on. I don't fully
understand it, but uh correlating
anything that happened in the UK with a
Brexit is wrong. Also, you have to
understand that the EU effectively is
Germany. Germany pays nearly all of the
stuff in the EU together with the
Scandinavians. But of course, Germany
much bigger chunk. And uh so it's all
about Germany. So there's no EU without
Germany.
EU is about to collapse. Yes, the trust
into in the EU is like rapidly
deteriorating. Of course, that they're
trying to fake all the polls, but if you
listen to people on the ground, the EU,
I think, is over. That's what I think.
Any updates here?
Queen is still high. This is the
weirdest thing. I think they have to get
close to 5%. That would be the biggest
surprise ever.
Link is weaker than expected. The CDU is
absolutely destroyed. It seems like a
lot of CDU voters also went to the
greens. You know, the CDU has a little
green problem. BW a little stronger than
expected. Let's see where they end up.
They need to get over five or they need
to be at five. They cannot be at 4.9.
Then they're out.
Uh it's going to be interesting.
Very interesting. What's going to
happen?
What is this now? Rightwing ext. I can't
even translate this. This is so dumb.
You are wondering really what's going
on.
Um,
the blondes are taking over Vital Le Pen
and Maloney. Let's hope so.
Uh, the UK didn't get a get better
because the Labor Party are in
parliament and they didn't want to leave
the EU. Yes,
Canada is more corrupt than Ukraine. I
don't I have actually no idea what's
happening to Canada. This is the saddest
thing. Canada is like always quiet, but
the destruction of Canada is maybe the
most extreme of all. I know a bunch of
Canadians. I have Canadians in the
family. I went to Sudbury. You know,
I've seen Sudbury, the mining city. It's
shocking. The Canadians are just too
nice.
They're like just sitting there. It's
like, "Oh, I'm sure no one wants to
replace us and destroy the country."
It's like, "Yeah, good luck. Too late."
It's very sad.
Okay, let's see. Does EU want control be
govern self-determinism? Of course,
that's what they want.
Uh from memory, England leaving the EU
cost them economically. Is there some
reasonable in between where euros can
trade openly? Yeah, that's exactly what
uh Vital is proposing. Uh Vital is
proposing dismantle the EU because it
can't be saved. And I agree more and
more because I experience a lot of
things. It's just ridiculous. Like these
people are destroying everything. They
they are crazy people. They are
unaccountable. They're creating too many
regulations. Plus, they're woke. Let's
even if you don't talk about the Vocans
just the destruction they are creating
on startups on innovation on the
financial sectors it's on the energy
sector the wararm mongering and then the
vokeness on top of it and the insane
replacement migration
it's insane these people have to go it's
too toxic it's too insane and of course
you don't don't want to just dismantle
the EU and then just have a random set
of states you want to have still a
framework, an economic framework, you
want to have free trade, you want to
even have open borders between the
countries, all these things can be
organized. Look at Norway. Look at
Iceland.
There are countries that did it in a
smart way. There there's the EU and
there are all these other frameworks of
open trade and all kinds of things that
are already in place. Everyone can
become like Norway. Switzerland has a
special status. There are there's it's
not hard to it's not hard to solve these
things once you want to solve them.
Uh hotels and rockets even Bezos can
build one. Yeah. For a lot of money.
Exactly.
Uh
you get family voting in Germany. I
don't know exactly. Some crazy UK thing.
The biggest source of mis and
disinformation in history has really
been governments. Yeah. Only that they
take it to the next level now with this
hijacked private media. This is actually
more dangerous.
Um
such perils with USA fake news and dems
want to rewrite history and dismantle
capitalist republic. Yeah, it is very
similar. The whole thing is not that
dissimilar to the United States
actually.
Why is YouTube spamming you with
leftwing propaganda right now? Well,
that's a good question. We also have to
understand like YouTube, you cannot
trust YouTube.
YouTube is still a problem. They're just
behaving better because of Elon. Elon is
forcing them to with X. So, they can't
go too nuts.
Why are they not
doing anything here? This is news
covering any news here? Oh, there's Urri
Sigmund.
He's of course just going to say great
that we won
this news. When I was in Munich, all I
heard since the euro, everything changed
and became progressively more expensive.
Well, it's very hard to say
uh why
there, you know, inflation was also a
problem.
Uh
do they want to dismantle capitalism? It
seems to me that they want late stage
capitalism. Technofudalism can control
the populace far more easily with UBI.
Yeah, flame guy. I don't think this is a
socialist problem. Everyone says it's
socialist. Like socialists have no
power. This is technofudalism. This is
like people want to control the
governments.
Uh I mean you know that Merz works for
Black Rockck. Some people say he doesn't
work for them anymore. I doubt it. He
was directly employed by Black Rockck
and then became chancellor and then
miraculously created $1 trillion in
additional debt for Germany and bought a
bunch of weapons from Loheed Martin. How
could this have happened?
Uh all the new blues are from the
blacks.
We not talking black blacks. We're
talking about CDU blacks. Yes.
Uh
CDU people will see their party
colliding with communists and will
switch to AFD. Yes, exactly. I mean
the CD was circulating even the idea to
form a minority government in Saxon in
Saxon Anhalt in Saxony Anhal and uh work
with the linker with communists and you
guys like these are communists. They
would even say themselves they're
communists. They're singing this
communist anthem. They're saying they
want to shoot rich people and these are
Germans. These are not jokes. They don't
say this jokingly.
Okay? And imagine you're a conservative
voter and you hear from your
conservative party. It's a Christian
Democratic party, the Christian
conservatives like, "Yeah, these
communists who want to shoot everyone,
we should work with them before we
support the Nazis." Okay, who are these
Nazis? Oh, they're like you. They have
the same program. Yeah, that's why
they're Nazis.
This is like
here's the latest. What is this? Any
changes?
I mean if this stays like this that
would be very good.
The grun
probably not. We already saw this.
The French like lunch too much. The
stereotypes. The baguettes for lunch.
Scale contractor for an estimate and
they show up two weeks later if you're
lucky. Yes.
Ice Wendic says, "Media has been
propaganda since World War I. They have
lied about all wars, including World
War, World War II. People believe every
lie they have been told.
Yeah, you have to be cautious. In
Germany, you can't talk about World War
II, this is literally illegal. Uh that's
why I never talk about any of this. So,
in Germany, there's a law if you
relativize the crimes of certain people,
it's a criminal offense. And
relativization means it's not that you
prove you're right and say you cannot
talk about it. If you ask any question
that starts after 1933
and ends before 1945
and you do not make sure that whatever
you find out is exactly in line with the
government approved narrative, you are a
criminal. And people don't understand
censorship laws like this is serious.
You can't do it. So I never think about
I don't I don't want to know anything. I
never ask questions. I promise I have no
questions. I have only answers.
That's basically the law. You can have
no questions but you can have the
answers.
So very important. What do you think the
odds are that Germany destroys its auto
industry where China imports? It's
already done. That has already happened.
United States House Select Committee to
investigate tax exempt foundations and
comparative organizations. Hm.
Uh BSW is interesting to me. A commi
AFD. It looks like I mean BW they are a
little confused. Yeah, they are strong
in the east. They want to be little
commie and they also want to be against
migration and they do not have that
baggage from the linker. But they yeah
they are a little confusing
to be as Johansson as well as state
media in Sweden. Sweden is also one of
the worst offenders when it comes to
propaganda media. This is like you guys
so bad. Afton bladed on espressen and of
course SVT. Yeah, SVT might be on the
same level as BBC. Well, I shouldn't be
so mean. Nicer to look at than BBC, but
propaganda level is extremely bad.
And Tobias has a very good point. That
is a very important strategy of these
media people. They are lying so
blatantly
that you think it can't be a lie. How
can this be a lie? A good liar wouldn't
lie like that. So therefore it must be
true,
right? I mean, for example, in Germany,
they say, "But the FD, the reason the FD
are Nazis," says the media, is because
in their program and repeatedly on TV
and in the media all over the place, the
FD says they want to deport
every German citizen that has black skin
or something like that. It's like, whoa.
And I I like, whoa, this is really nuts.
This is really appalling. you cannot you
cannot deport German citizens with their
passports just because they look
different,
right? It's like this would be really
bad. And then you do research and it's
like, okay, do they actually say that?
And then of course they don't say that.
And it's like, did anyone ever hint at
that? Of course not. And then you ask an
AFD person like, is it true that you
want to deport all Germans with a
passport just because they look
different? And these people just look at
like what are you nuts? What are you
talking about? And then you have all
these of course AFD supporters who are
literally
black for example. So you think
something doesn't add up here. And then
turns out they're just lying but not a
little bit. In the US it's still there's
some elegance to it. Like what is it?
Fiery but peaceful protests. CNN it's
like well what does it mean? Yeah, they
burned down a bunch of police cars and
police stations, but you could still
classify it as peaceful maybe if you're
CNN. So, these are lies, but they're
like whatever. But these lies like
basically defaming people for things
that are absolutely not happening. It's
kind of astounding.
Uh,
what is this? Susan Ling, that was a
serious question. In the UK, we have a
problem when a certain demographic goes
to into the polling booth and directs
the family how to vote.
I mean,
I I'm sure we have the same problem in
Germany. Sweden definitely does does
have that problem.
Uh so for sure Susan, you can be
guaranteed that this is a problem. This
is the smallest of the problems, but
this is definitely a problem.
Uh this win give more people hope. I'm
sure millions of Germans are resigned
with politics, but with this victory,
they will see that they can actually
make a difference. Absolutely, Flame
Guy. And we see also like an absolutely
unprecedented level of participation. So
this this election because for the first
time you had an alternative.
You actually had an alternative and that
has a huge effect on mo on voter
motivation. The people they actually
feel yeah we have someone who's
listening to us. We have someone who
actually wants to do something like here
for example is an example. Zaxon unheld
the participation in the election at 4
pm right they measure how many people
participated and as you can see uh I
mean back in the days you know after the
wall came down that was still very high
participation but then it goes down 44%
31% 40% 47% 41% and now the highest in
history
that is a huge leap it's up over 50%
since last time so from 41% to 65% of
people vote put it at 400 p.m. So
there's this 2 hours before it closes.
So we get probably to 75 80%.
This is very impressive. Uh
you know so here you see different
elections in Zaxon Unhalt and the black
one and the red one is like already an
outlier that was 1998 very important
election only eight years after the
actual wall came down. So they were just
eight years out of communist
dictatorship and now it's the highest in
history in history.
So people are definitely very motivated
and you see it when you see uh Ulie
Zikmund like the guy uh there were all
these great videos
of him
uh you doing doing uh campaigning and
people are super excited and so it's a
very
uh
uh it's a very good I think
here in the UK voter turnouts are less
than 30% in some of these local bonds.
Yeah, I heard
it's very difficult to get to this
point, right? And that's why I'm so
happy about Germany. In Germany, you
actually see a lot of change, a lot of
democratic engagement, a lot of new
media coming out. So, people just have
had it. Uh but they're not resigning. I
have to give it to my fellow Germans.
that makes them different from what I
see in the UK, what I see of course in
Italy, what I see in Sweden, like
everyone is a little resigned all over
the place. They're saying, "Yeah, what
are we going to do?" And in Germany, you
have that critical mass of new a lot of
young people. I mean, the youth all over
Europe is of course super the New York
Times would say extremely far-right
extremist. All these people who are 18
and 20 because they don't want they go
to school, they get beaten up, the girls
get raped. At some point, you say like,
"I don't actually like this.
get them out. So the youth is pretty
radicalized
by reality. I I really see that like
they have had it. They're not even like
mincing words anymore. Which is very
good, but also very late, right? Is it
very sad that we had to get to this
point and the young people just say,
"This is just ridiculous. Why would I
give up my country and get destroyed and
violated? Why?" And then the boomers
say, "Well, because your grandfather
was a Nazi." It's like, this is
ridiculous. The whole thing
here tells not Nazis. Real Nazis are not
quiet about it. That's the whole point.
Yes. The word is losing its impact when
it's used about just anyone who isn't
communist.
Well, and then people use it even
against communists. So it's at some
point right now everyone is kind of a
Nazi because every Nazi just means
someone I don't like or I disagree with
and since everyone has someone who
agrees disagrees with them everyone is a
Nazi.
Uh Ice Wendy go yes AFD is doing very
well but the absolute majority is not
reached right now but the FDA has
actually exceeded the expectations. So
we are two seats or three seats short.
It's hard to tell because it depends
who's getting into parliament.
Thank you for this my German brothers.
Congratulations. Let's go AFD says real
reason. Let's see. Let's see how it
goes.
Everyone knew this is going to be a
great night.
Uh but what will actually happen? I
predicted most likely outcome is of
course AFD will win but will fall short
of the absolute majority. You see here
what is this? Is that the latest? I
think we'll get another update in a few
minutes.
Uh not yet.
So
if these are out,
this is just seats. I want to know the
percentages.
So if these are out, we need one more
out. These out or these out? If the SPD
would get out, that would be beautiful.
Who knows? But I mean, look at this.
Plus 23%. Like you know what's happen
like all these people, sure they're all
little losers except for the Greens for
some absurd reason, but I mean what's
happening here is just very dramatic.
You have to understand like the
Americans should understand these are
basically the Republicans. The CDU is
the equivalent of the Republicans
and the AFD is kind of the equivalent of
kind of a new Republican party that was
just invented like well 15 years ago. So
I mean if you see that if you would see
that in America there's a new Republican
party that suddenly beats the old
Republican party by 100%.
Uh something would be very big.
Exactly. real reasons you're true.
Uh
Ice Wendyo while the AfD is at 44.4% up
23 percentage point from last time. CDU
is at 18% down 18.7%
from the last election. The Greens are
up a little bit 8.7% up 2.8% from the
last. And the FDP of course deserves to
get kicked out. They are like negative
4.2% 2% from last time to 2.2%. So this
is just a huge
victory.
By the way, do you guys know Leopold
Ashen Brena, the guy who blew up the
hedge fund, the wound, he was in the
Green Party, of course.
I'm so not surprised.
Traffic light parties just disappeared
from the polls. Well, the Greens are now
the strongest traffic light party.
Okay, guys. So, this will go on for the
whole evening, but I do think uh this is
a very historic moment. Not too
surprising, but the FD even stronger
than expected. The green stronger than
expected, but only by a little bit.
That's disappointing. The CDU weaker
than expected. And I think the
additional weakness of the CDU seems to
be votes that went to the Greens. tells
you everything. Uh, most of the CDOS
went to the AFD, but the additional
delta that the CD is even under 20%. I
think that's the 2.8% that went to the
Greens. That's how it looks to me. We
will see what happens. I promised you
this is an earthquake. So, watch what
happened next. What happens next in
Germany? And you know my you know my
prediction. The German government will
not survive. I can guarantee you that
the German government will not survive
to 2029 which is the normal scheduled
federal election. The odds that we have
an election in 2027 in Germany
prematurely because Mertz implodes are
extremely high 90% plus.
So that's for me already a given. But
the question is what happens in this
election if the AfD gets to 30 to 40%
which is probably going to happen. uh
they still cannot form a government. So
the all decisive question is now
will the AFD in on the federal level for
Germany form a coalition with the CDU
and in order for that to happen the CDU
would need to undergo a dramatic reform.
But the CDU is also I think getting
ready to do that because they are
getting destroyed. You have to
understand the CDU is the the ultimate
the primordial German conservative party
that was always like more or less the
biggest party sometimes the SPD
sometimes CDU SPD has been destroyed so
the CDU being under 20% very soon like
basically inevitably extremely soon on
the federal level is an absolute
disaster someone has to pay for that
probably Merz and other leadership and
if the CDU does not make a 180% %
180 degree turn and start coalitions
with the AD, it signs its own death
warrant because everyone in the CDU who
has a little bit of a spine, a little
bit of a conscience will just leave the
party and join the AD. You cannot be a
good CDU member and watch that party
systematically destroy Germany
and turn all of Germany into some hell
hole into some DEI hell hole uh and
anti- business hell hole and wararm
mongering hell hole is everything
horrible that you do not want as a
Christian conservative that is the CDU
right now and they either make a 180
degree turn and start working with the
AFD or or they will just bleed out
completely and be under 10% soon. That
is my prediction because all the CDU
members are going to leave their own
party
because of all the parties outside the
EFD. I would say the CDU are actually
and the linker
they are actually the people with the
most conviction like a green party. They
don't care. I mean they're just the
endstage civilization people. The SPD is
like I no one even knows what they are.
The linker, they are true believers.
They want to kill you guys and me
because we have too much money. And the
CDU
have normally a spine. The normal CDU
person, they they are Christians. They
believe in Germany.
And for them to watch their own
leadership do what they did over the
last 15 years, 20 years is such a
terrible thing that they will all leave.
if this does not dramatically change
right now. So
there you have it.
Uh results have been coming in. Yes,
Ricky. The results I can read you again
what the results are. Do we have an
update?
Uh no, these are still the last results.
AFD is at 44.4%.
44.4%.
The second strongest party is the CDU,
the current governor party at 18.4%.
Everyone else is much smaller under 10.
So AFD at 44.4%
ridiculously strong. CDU at 18.4%
everyone else under 10.
So
I mean this is kind of a victory.
This is the opposite of demoralization.
Exactly. Flame guy. I'm very proud of
the Germans because I observe the other
Europeans. I tell you, it's very hard to
break out. I mean, the Norwegians are
doing a good job. The Danish are the
winners, but the Danes are so tiny with
their four million or five or whatever
they have. But the Dan are the most
radical now. They are doing the best job
in Europe and they're like the big
benchmark for everyone. That's where
everyone has to get to.
Uh but they also have a much easier
time. They're just much more tiny. So
they don't count in the sense of Ger
Germany is like in line with the UK and
France in terms of importance. Of
course, they're even more important, but
the other two big ones are UK and
France. And when you compare Germany to
UK and France, it's just not even close.
Germany is far ahead in terms of
real change. I think it's all about
Germany at this point if Europe can be
turned around. And I I talked to
Estonians for example and Swedes and
some other Scandinavians and they what I
never really uh realized is that if
you're Estonia or Finland or Sweden,
even Sweden, which is much bigger than
them, but you're not in charge. It's
that simple. You can look at Europe, but
Europe is just this enormous monstrum
for all of these small countries. Even
if you're smart and capable, like the
Swedes, for example, or the Estonians,
you just can't do anything. you know,
you can't change this. But if you're the
Germans, it's not even a question.
Europe is just a function of Germany. If
Germany says, "Okay, that's it." Europe
is immediately over.
And so, it is about Germany, the whole
thing. And that's why this is so
exciting. Let's see what happens. But
the battle is not over. I can guarantee
you that the forces of darkness are
strong.
Gandalf, the Gandalf, greetings from
Denmark. See, right when I said nice
things about Denmark, Denmark is just
absolutely the benchmark. But as I said,
you guys are very small. It's much
easier for you.
Poland is a strong country. Yes. But I
mean, still Poland has not the same
weight as Germany.
The battle for Europe is always won or
lost in Germany. It has always been like
this. Look at maps from 1150. the Holy
Roman Empire. Like everything is defined
in Germany.
I hate to say it. The French hate it,
but it's that's what it is.
Relieved to see you on the right. I'm
not even on the right. I'm just right.
Being right doesn't mean I am on the
right. But of course, the other people
say, "Oh, farright extremism." Yeah.
like like half of the German population.
TJ O'Brien
for the brave Germans that voted AFD.
The first glimmer of hope for all of us
patriots across Europe. Love and support
from Ireland. First steps to saving eur
European civilization. Thanks TJ
O'Brien. I mean I love so many countries
in Europe. We have so many. I mean I
also love America by the way. These are
all amazing. I even love poor little
Canada. Canada is like the saddest story
because I I really doubt we can save
Canada. But when I look at beautiful
Ireland,
UK is complicated. But Ireland,
Scandinavia, of course, I mean, if
Germany would be turned around, it would
mean
winning for everyone. For everyone
because then there's a ripple effect.
Then no government can maintain that mad
that mad thing that's happening.
Um,
flame guy. A year ago, this was only
speculation, but now we are actually
seeing it and a in a few years we'll see
it in the entire country. Yeah, it's
it's all about East Germany. It's like a
very like when you if you're a history
buff and you like these things. It's
very fascinating to see the German
evolution. Uh, I have to show you like
ah Europe
1150. That was a cool map.
Uh, where did we see that?
The Holy Roman Empire.
This is probably
it's very important to understand the
European history. How this all
is this? how this all worked out. Uh,
and the role of Germany. Germany was
always in the middle of Europe, the
defining piece, and it was always
chaotic, by the way. That's what people
don't know. France was united. Even
Poland, Lithuania was united. Lithuania
was very large. And uh, Germany was
always this mess in the middle. There
was fighting over everything, all these
little kingdoms.
uh and you know that's the secret
because it is the center
uh it is the most you know contested
here that was in 15005 look at this map
just so you understand this is this is
basically the central message for
European history by the way it's funny
that something as tiny as Lithuania
today was like the grand duchy of
Lithuania you know Polish Lithuania was
very important and very
But this is Germany. Germany was always
like this. Look at this mess. You have
big France, England, Scotland, Sweden,
Norway, uh the Kingdom of Denmark,
Poland, Hungary, and then you had the
mess. That was Germany.
And to this day, Germany has all these
different states. Here's East Germany.
To this day, you see Prussia. Here you
see East Prussia, Kerning Spar.
And that that was it. It's always fought
over. There are too many people who want
too many things because Germany has this
image after World War II and World War I
and the Kaiser that is the strong
unified empire. But the whole point is
it's by far the youngest of the states
in Europe, but also the oldest because
it was like the original Holy Roman
Empire, but it was always a mess.
And so it's very interesting to see
what's happening now. And all this
history is always like coming back and
repeating that these East German the
East German states were the powerful
states in Germany in German history.
Prussia and Saxonia they were dominating
this whole thing and then Bavaria maybe
uh but mostly Prussia and Sonia which
are the East German
states. So it's all very interesting
that they are now saving Germany.
Serum says, "I'm leftist watching
this." And it's funny like right-wing
people. Well, I'm just,
you know, it's just this old debate.
What does it even mean to I don't know
what it means. What does it mean to be
right-wing? I don't know what it means.
I think I'm just normal. I like people.
I like order. I like prosperity.
And you can call it rightwing, but for
me, right-wing are different things that
I wouldn't agree with.
Uh, like Elon said, people are labeled
farr right and they're just normal
everyday people. Yeah, but that's what
leftists often say. If you're a normal
everyday person, you like family, you
like building capital, you like law and
order. Not because I want to punish
people, but you need law and order if
you want to have a family and build
capital. And that makes you today
farright extremist. And I just think
this is a ridiculous label, especially
farright and extremist when the vast
majority of all people are like that. 70
80% of the population are the same way I
am. They just might be a little deluded
in their brains from propaganda, but if
you would survey what they actually
want, they would they want the same
thing. And so that's why I'm pushing
back against right-wing, you cannot call
the majority
right-wing. Not possible. By definition,
the average person is in the middle. You
cannot say all average people are
far-right extremists. Just doesn't make
any sense.
Left versus right is a fabricated red
herring divide the less creative
thinking in two tribes. Exactly. Ice
Wendigo. Got it.
Uh I mean you can go back to the French
Revolution when this was invented in the
parliament left and right but they were
pro king and not pro king and this stuff
but one cares anymore. I would define
like this whole thing. why I'm against
it. Uh
I do believe most people are kind of
normal people who want really pretty
much the same thing and that's why left
and right is a red herring. Uh I think
rightwing ideology doesn't even exist
anymore. I would say like historically
what we call right-wing ideology I would
say
maybe it's like race wars or something
that this is right-wing ideology. If you
look into the into mine conf
uh I'm not for that. So I'm not
right-wing leftwing has more ideology
which is like I would call these the
really rightwing and really leftwing
ideologies. Ideologies that the normal
person would not subscribe to the normie
and I am a normie emotionally. It's like
no I want nice people around me who are
like me. Of course I don't want to fight
all day long. They should be like me. If
they're not like me they should be more
away from me because I don't like to
fight. And they should be nice to
children. I like kids are cute. Everyone
should have kids.
Women should be nice. Men should be
nice. They should be all similar when
they live together in a thing. And they
should build capital and create
prosperity and innovation. They should
be open-minded, explore the universe,
and create a better life. They should
not fall trapped into eternal greed and
technology that then destroys humans.
They should make money and technology
serving them as pioneers and then
everyone can be happy. And from that you
construct the whole civilization. You
say well in order to get that we need
borders so no one can come in here and
kill us. We need a little bit of taxes
but as little as possible. We need a
little bit of regulations so we are not
like all over the place but of course
minimize them so we can actually
innovate and then we should give
everyone freedom.
but of course not allow them to murder
each other. So we need a little law and
order. This is not hard, right? You just
build common sense things. And when you
have a chancellor that says, "Oh, I'm
conservative." And then he just creates
a trillion dollars in debt, you have to
ask like, "Why would you put a trillion
dollars of debt on all of us?
Oh, I need to buy weapons from my
friends." Like, well, that's bad. I
don't like it. That easy. if that makes
me a right-wing extremist.
You know, there was like, oh, you're a
right-wing extremist. You don't want to
create massive debt to give it to Loheed
Martin. It's like, okay, fine. If that's
right-wing extremism,
the average Joe. Exactly.
I would support a welfare state. It
depends on the welfare. Of course, the
state should do some things if it's
intelligent. I support a loyal state. I
support a state that does not betray its
citizens all day long. And I support a
state that does not steal our money to
give it to their friends.
Very important.
Turn around. If remigration happens fast
and tax rewards are given to families in
Europe, so more children are born. Maybe
exactly
the welfare state is what made everyone
weak and why they got taken over. I
don't think it's the welfare state. The
I think the welfare state is like one of
these it's also a red herring. Are you
for a welfare state or not? And the
answer is like dude it depends. What
does that mean? Welfare for whom? Like
for if the welfare is for the people who
form the state and uphold the state,
these people can vote on how much
synergies they want to create.
It's also not a single metric, right?
You can have a lot of welfare without
regulations if without a lot of tax
burden. Of course, I'm for that. Why
would you not have that? You maximize
freedom. You maximize personal property
and personal wealth and you also
maximize welfare.
Boom. Problem solved.
The problem is in my opinion in most
instances is just blatant corruption,
disloyalty and treason. It's not about
welfare or not welfare. It's about
treason, disloyalty and corruption. And
then no, I'm not for welfare. If welfare
becomes like a standin for total
corruption,
Baky makes Germany great again. I have
to be cautious applying that slogan to
Germany for many reasons. See, I'm very
sensitive.
What do you think of Russia?
With Russia also, people get way too
emotional. You should learn from like
Bismar and people like that. It's very
simple with Russia. Russia is a big
country that is located here, in case
you didn't know,
bordering on Western Europe by
definition that we have to handle and
that we should not antagonize
unnecessarily.
And sometimes,
sometimes,
historically, funnily enough, Europe was
the bully towards Russia, not the other
way around. So, we first have to
recognize that the Russians are a little
iffy if French people like Napoleon or
Germans or Brits start pushing military
pressure on them like they did with what
they tried in Ukraine. But we also have
to understand that Russians can be a
little aggressive too. And so what you
do is you start talking to each other.
You start trying to understand what
Russia is all about while you
demonstrate some strength. So Russia
understands don't mess around with us
but you also signal to Russia and we are
not going to mess around with you and we
want a partnership over time because
economically we could benefit from each
other a lot. That's what you do. And
what you don't do is what Germany does
right now. Oh, we can't talk to them. We
need to antagonize them. We have to kick
out their consulates. Most Germans don't
even know that that they just ordered
the Russians
to abandon all their consulates and they
kicked them out of Germany last week.
Let that sink in. And so that's
definitely highly idiotic and you would
only do that if you want war. If Germany
wants war and Germany Germany doesn't
want war, the German government wants
war. And I find that extremely appalling
and that's why MS also should step down
immediately
because that is very bad. So this whole
emo talk about oh you have to hate the
Russians is like dudes you know what we
have to do we have to avoid a war.
That's what we have to do and we have to
take care of our people
and a nuclear war is not beneficial for
the German population and not for the
Swedish population and also not for the
French population. So we have to learn
to deal with each other. That's what we
have to do.
Uh
there's a meat shield in the that's
horrible. Look, it's the western
countries who have allowed the
government to take care of their
healthcare, housing, schooling, and
pensions. It's made them fat, lazy, and
weak. Well, you can also not be fat,
lazy, and weak if you wanted to. But I
think the welfare state is also a red
herring cuz I used to be more
libertarian and stuff like that. And the
more I look at like dudes this is not
even the topic. It's a much more
important topic. Who are we even in a
state with?
Okay. And then yeah I'm happy to pay for
other people if I like the other people.
I'm extremely not willing to pay for
other people if I don't like the other
people. And who do I like? Well, that's
a question of mutual loyalty and all
kinds of questions.
So, like you said, building the state,
right? As you know, there's a lot of
Turkish workers came and helped build
modern Germany. Do you think they
deserve welfare? Of course. If you're a
Turkish person who came to Germany in
the 60s and you work your butt off and
now you have a nice thing, you know, I
mean, the Turkish population is a good
example. They are bad people and they're
good people. And most Turks I ever met
were good people. They worked very hard.
So what's the problem? Of course,
China has freed itself from globalists
in 2020 and the USA is now in the
process of freeing itself. Oh, Russia.
Yeah, there are many things happening
and I'm not like, you know, we have to
be I'm very much for peace talks with
Russia. I'm very much into like making
sure we understand Russia and don't
antagonize them unnecessarily.
But at the same time, I have no
illusions that they're also, especially
in the Russian government, mean people.
They're also people who want to bully
us. So, you just need to be a grown up,
right? The Russian people are great. I
met so many great Russians.
I definitely think Putin is not the
worst that we could have there. And if
you think that you're nuts, you have no
idea what else is there. And you know,
if you think, you know, replacing Putin
is a good good idea, is probably a very
bad idea right now. And uh I understand
the problems Russia has with Ukraine and
with the UK and America and Germany. So
we have to address these things without
necessarily being super weak right of
course you shouldn't go to Russia and
say oh my god please spare us let's do
like some deals you say no we are strong
can defend ourselves but we understand
your concerns let's discuss it and also
get everyone out of that discussion who
doesn't belong in the discussion this is
a European issue
it's not hard I tell you all these
things when you think about these are
all not hard what is difficult is that
we have too many traders we have too
many people in the mix on our side.
I'm not talking about the Russian side
because we can't influence the Russian
side. They have to deal with that. We
can deal with our side. There are too
many traders here. There are too many
people in the decision-making process
who have a very alternative agenda like
Mertz seems to have. And this is
extremely bad.
Did the AFD win the majority? Leonardo
is asking, "Well, it's a little bit.
They definitely had a huge win tonight,
bigger than expected, but we have to see
if they can actually form a government.
It's going to be a little tricky. The
results are 44.4%, CDU is completely
destroyed at 18.4%, the all the other
party, the three other parties have less
than 10%.
Uh
so in theory the other parties can still
form a coalition with each other against
the AFD
by like two seats right now. But that
would end the CDU completely because
these are hardcore communists among them
and the Greens who are just delusional
and stage civilization party and so and
the others is the social democrats also
left this. So it would be hardcore
communists, socialists, and a green
death cult joining forces with a
Christian Democrat conservatives. So if
the CDU does that, they're definitely
absolutely dead. They will never get a
vote again. Uh so they will have to make
a decision. And the CDU boss already
said nice things about the AFD in my
opinion. So it's interesting what's
going to happen. Very interesting what's
going to happen. Mertz, the chancellor,
definitely wants to do everything they
can to make the CDU not do anything. Uh,
but the CDU might not just do what Mertz
wants. It's an interesting situation.
Ice Wendyo NATO vowed not to take one
inch east of Germany. They're light. Hot
war with Russia. Boom, boom, boom. Yeah,
well, it sounds like it.
I think Ice Wendigo is right on that
point.
Not deutsche are the people and is the
language. No echo
do German lessons. What about that? Um
so
no more updates here. I think we can
yeah this is good. We can conclude this
for now because we can't watch the whole
night this thing. But I think a very
good day for Europe. There is hope. The
AFD did a very good job. The Germans did
a very good job. There is definitely
hope in the world. Not everything is
lost. And Ulri Ziggmund has shown
that there is hope when people just when
regular people just decide, you know
what, I'm going to run as a politician.
They can make a big difference. And he
also showed that sometimes it's the
small states where change can actually
happen.
So that is my message for tonight.
I am bullish on Europe. I'm a
contrarian. When everyone aband it's
like trading, right? You guys know how
it is when we do stocks. When everyone
has given up hope, that is when things
get interesting. I am very bullish on
Europe because I think Europe still in
the world has the highest human
potential.
It has also the most horrific
horrific framework of wasting that
potential. But that's actually a good
thing if you're an investor. If you
think like an investor like well I want
maximum assets with maximum
mismanagement
because then we have the highest alpha
because people don't understand the
questions will we unlock this alpha
anytime soon? I think yes because the
Europeans are very upset.
So let's see.
I used to live in Berlin. I've never met
so many people living in a fake reality
there. Yeah, recently I was in Berlin. I
was wondering the same. I think
Copenhagen sometimes a little similar,
but Berlin is way worse. You think like
dudes, you have lost it.
You've lost it.
What do you think about the invasion in
Seut?
I haven't like looked into the latest,
but it seems
insane.
It seems completely insane. It's very
unclear what role the Spanish government
plays. Like really, are they really that
incapable of sending the military there
or like what? How is this hard? Is a
tiny little half island just send the
army there and shoot the pe the
invaders? Like what's even the problem?
It's your border. It's your border. So,
it seems a little weird that the
government is not doing anything. In my
opinion,
the EU can be a great superpower. Well,
not the EU, you mean the Europe.
In Germany, they don't say please. They
just say one hamburger hamburger.
Is that true? No. I would say please
hamburger
and can I get a hamburger?
Uh, okay guys, we wrap it up here. We
will not know the final outcome, but
huge day and night for AFD.
Not clear if they can actually govern.
We will watch this very up close
and we will see. to be as Johansson
says. Spanish government is socialist. I
know, but they are just willing to just
hand over the country. Why?
Yeah, they're definitely like I don't
trust these people down there, the
government.
So, let's see what happens. Thank you so
much for tuning in. And
JA says also not difficult to send the
army there. It's a matter of political
unwillingness in Spain. I mean, it's
insane the whole thing.
you know,
Alec Dento 92. Thank you guys. That was
a pleasure. Let's see what happens. I
want to do politics sometimes. Let's see
how this performs and we go from there.
A good night for Europe and also for
United States. Let's not forget this is
all connected. And I hope you guys
enjoyed it and see you very very soon.