Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Cybercab Is Almost Here
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHuEpvL7pMs
Published:   2026-08-18 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-18 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's happening. Yeah, the information
from the information [laughter] the
information from the information was
actually accurate. It likely they will
try to launch it before the end of the
month. Looks like here that you the
people who ride sorry uh robo taxis
every ride you take is a better odds and
you have to do it by 8:23 August 23
which is what a week from now less than
a week from now. [music] And then they
will pull the winners in the lottery
style format in August 25. So why are
they doing that? If they're picking it
within August 25, very likely it's the
week after. This is it. They're going to
launch the Cyber Cab as part of the Robo
Taxi. They got the photo of it. They got
the Cyber Cab launch event. It's
official. Uh this is exciting. Autonomy
is getting real and real serious and
real quick. Hey, uh what are we talking
about? We're talking about Nvidia's
solution. We're talking about Whimo's
solution. And we're talking about Tesla.
Those are uh the big names in the news
right now in the US. Uh there's one
other. It's Rivian. So, of course, we're
going to have to talk about them, too.
Uh hopefully not with too much
disparagement, though I make no
guarantees I have some criticisms of
their approach. I've got Herbert here to
join me to help me make some sense of
it. I don't know if that's even
possible, but he's going to do his best
just like I always do. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; So Herbert, uh, Alpa Mayo from Nvidia
was announced a few months ago. Can you
give us a quick refresher on what it is?
&gt;&gt; This is the Nvidia's approach to their
ver their approach for full self-driving
and they're using simulation engines
giving renting out compute. But the the
misconception is that all these uh
partners like Mercedes being one and
they actually even showed a 20inute
video of Jensen and a Mercedes driving
around that all of a sudden Nvidia now
has a full self-driving competitor and
all the other car companies just need to
do is sign up and license it and they're
good to go. That's not what this is.
What this is is the tools that you need.
You need to have the chips. You need to
have uh you know computer in the car.
You need to have space in the data
center. You need to have this the
simulation engine uh to be able to
address all this. What they now need is
partners to outfit the cars with the
video cameras liar 2 drive around
capture all that data feed it back and
then they can build their own uh program
that Tesla had to build from scratch.
They it just gives them the tools to do
this. Now, if there is some way that all
the car partners would agree to partner
with each other and share their data
with each other, that could make sense.
Now, all of a sudden, because you know,
you're a tiny guy, you're not as big as
Tesla, you don't have this many years of
capturing all these full self-driving
supervised miles and billions of miles
of driving. You can catch up quicker if
all of you partner together.
&gt;&gt; Has there been any indication?
&gt;&gt; They're not going to do that, right?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're not going to do that. They're
not going to do that because if you are
the big boy and you've got, you know,
you're way ahead of everyone else, why
would you share it with the little guys?
You're not going to do this.
&gt;&gt; Mercedes, they think that they they
showed this 20-minute video and they're
good to go. No, these are stage. It had
a lot of interventions that you can find
out later afterwards, but they didn't
show that in the demo. It's nowhere near
what Tesla's able to accomplish, but
it's a start. It is tools that you uh
automakers need to buy in order to
launch and start a program. It's not
something you can just license on
automatically. You have an FSD version
of it and you're good to go. That's just
not what that is. It is not breaking
news that just broke literally after we
stopped recording. Uh but that's how it
goes. Uh have you heard the big exciting
news? Yes, it's true. Ride in a robo
taxi now through 8:23 for a shot to
attend our cyber cab launch event. More
rides equals better odds. Uh that is
breaking. That was literally 6 minutes
before we stopped our recording. Uh this
means what? This means it's happening
probably this month.
&gt;&gt; It's happening. Yeah. The information
from the information [laughter] the
information from the information was
actually accurate. it likely they will
try to launch it before the end of the
month. Looks like here that you the
people who ride subway uh robo taxis
every ride you take is a better odds and
you have to do it by 8:23 August 23
which is what a week from now less than
a week from now and then they will pull
the winners and the lottery style format
in August 25. So why are they doing that
if they're picking it within August 25?
Very likely it's the week after this is
it. They're going to launch the cyber
cab as part of the robo taxi. They got
the photo of it. They got the cyber cab
launch event.
&gt;&gt; It's official.
&gt;&gt; We'll go back to the regular schedule
recording here. Finish out the video
there. The editor will figure out where
this gets jammed in. Uh but there are
two important takeaways from this. One
is it'll never happen. I guess that
didn't pan out. And two, congratulations
David Moss and Josh West for what will
probably be your tickets for having so
many rides between now and then because
you just know those guys are going to be
in them nonstop racking up tickets. So
guys, if you're in one if you're in one
of the areas of coverage, here's your
chance. Who knows? I won't be at the
event uh scheduled while I'm on the
other side of the world strategically.
It's definitely a grand conspiracy. Back
to your regularly scheduled programming.
Alpha Mayo launch and the robo taxi bet.
On August 4th, Nvidia opened up their
commercial use of Alpio 2, Alphao2
Super, a reasoning model built for
Roboaxi and self-driving cars. This is
their open- source software that you and
I can download. U, they've had what
500,000 downloads now, and it is under a
open license. Um, so it's going to allow
you to use it to commercialize it and do
whatever you want with it. But really
what we want you to do is buy our chips,
use our cloud compute, and uh we'll help
you accelerate [snorts] your problem
because because we're not giving you a
solution. We're giving you the pieces uh
of a very large puzzle. [snorts] uh
question I would have for you Herbert is
if if they had a turnkey solution let's
say they had a turnkey solution and they
said it is available today here's the
cameras here's roughly where they need
to be placed and light whatever whatever
here's all your components how soon
could a competitor get that to market
&gt;&gt; motivated automaker taking all that
integrated it in they'd have to build a
version of their car or take a car and
say I'm going to add it all on top of it
like Whimo does it'll take them three
years to design this and get this going
and getting out there in volume to start
producing this. We haven't heard any
automaker announce that. They think that
they're going to do it themselves.
They're tiny little programs. It's just
not going to happen. The first thing you
need to do is install it today.
Have every new car you build have it or
or at least one of your cars have it.
Start collecting that data with the help
of Nvidia with their tools and engine so
forth. But if you haven't started today
to capture the data and 3 years from
now, that's how long it will take before
you can even motivated have cars out
there in the first place.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. And three years is
optimistic. There are companies that
could maybe do it in three years if the
turnkey solution was ready today. It is
not. Uh so that is potentially
problematic. uh you know uh why don't we
just uh focus on somebody who has a
product that's good and out there and
working. Whimo just imported 3200 Zeer
robo taxis in the US despite a doubling
tariff and it's not double that they're
paying. It's double plus the logistics
plus the shipping plus the time of
money. Um money overtime costs
additional money. Is this a good move or
a bad move? And I I really scratched my
head on what they're doing and what
their strategy is because, you know,
they initially had the Jaguar IPACE
because it was a discontinued car. So,
they were able to kind of like take
everything that they've got. They
stopped producing it Jaguar, so they
can't do that anymore. So, it got them
out there with 3,000 cars, gets some
going, but it wasn't even the vehicle,
right? So, they have to start all over
again. These Zeers, weird, weird. These
are minivans
&gt;&gt; and and from China. And so we already
know that the US is going to stop.
China's built um you know, especially
robo taxis. Why would you do this? And
why minivan? So we already know 90% of
robo taxis are rides are single or two
people maximum. That's why Tesla decided
to go with a cyber cap. That's a fact.
If you look at Uber and other rideill
services now you're adding wind
resistance, battery speed size, how the
cost is just through the roof and it
take you two so long to charge this.
Don't understand why they went that
route to go with you. You need, you
know, 10% of your of your fleet to be
minivans or at least more than two
seaters.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know. The Hyundai's though
that I get. They they look gorgeous.
that could be a good car. It's
equivalent to the Model Y. That would
have made sense to me. But the Zeers, I
still scratch my head why they went this
route.
&gt;&gt; So, the reason they went with the iPace
was because Magna actually built the
IPACE. So, Magna had the engineering
in-house to understand how to integrate
and the price wasn't too bad and there
were so few of them it kind of didn't
matter. Does it matter if your
prototypes, if your test vehicles are
overpriced? Just get something that
works. They were dreadfully inefficient
on on uh miles watt hours per mile,
which is a problem. I think they went
with the Whimos because they're one the
uh Zikurs because they're one
sizefits-all. And if you've ever worn
something that's one sizefits-all, you
know that there's a word missing from
that. It's one sizefits-all terribly
because they don't fit well on anybody.
It's a big old bag. And that's what this
is. It's too big for most people. it's
just big enough for a handful of people
at the edge of the market. And I think
the reason they went with a Whimo
instead of a, for example, Pacifica is
because these are weird looking and they
stand out. And if the cyber cabs taught
us anything, it's that you want to stand
out if you're providing unique service.
But I will say that if you look at the
placement of the cameras on this or the
LAR at least, you'll notice that they
are in completely different places than
they were on the iPace.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That's going to be retraining, isn't it?
Surely.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. This is why it's so confusing
what they're doing. And then now they're
going to add a Hyundai too to the whole
thing. So
&gt;&gt; are they is that still the plan? I don't
even know. I thought they just kind of
skipped that generation. So my question
Herbert is if not the Zikur what should
they have done?
&gt;&gt; Well I I've been saying this for the
last 6 months and I've been watching it
very carefully. We know that
self-driving is being solved. Right?
You're watching Whimo. You're watching
Tesla. You're watching the technology.
You're watching AI improve. Why hasn't a
large automaker announce that they're
creating a purpose-built robo taxi
vehicle? Purpose just like Tesla did.
Hey, we've got the Cyber Cap. Here's all
the reasons why we built it this way.
Because it's built for lowest cost, best
convenience. We've thought of every
little thing that a ride person would
consider. We haven't heard anybody.
Well, there's one company that had a
napkin. They showed the napkin with
their uh, you know, CAD driven CAD, you
know, video video demo of what it could
look like. That's it. So, I'm very
disappointed that no one has actually
said this is what we're doing. Other
other than that, then you take an
existing car. What has BYD done? They
have outfitted all their cars. They made
the commitment that all my cars will
have video cameras on them and lidars.
Now they have three different God's eyee
versions and the only the God's Eye C
which is the, you know, the most
sophisticated that is possibly
equivalent to Whimo. It's only available
for the premium price cars, very small
number of cars. So everybody goes, "Oh
my god, watch out. These guys are going
to kill you." But at least they're
starting to capture data. So that I
kudos for them to getting the the video
cameras to start capturing that data and
they have enough cars to really catch up
to Tesla eventually, right? Because they
have they're big uh volume. Step one,
put cameras in all your cars, capture
that data, buy a supercomput, start
looking at that data. And then two,
unfortunately for BYD is they got hit
really hard because they had so many uh
concerns and issues with their even just
their simple highway system was screwing
up so badly they had to pull back. They
had to apologize to their customers and
pull back the features. So and Mercedes
by the way they pulled back their level
three which was never level three. They
they don't offer that anymore. So while
they go I partner with uh you know
Nvidia's Appleio that's nowhere to be
find found that will happen a year from
now maybe and demo. So no one is done
done this yet. I you ask me who in the
US I don't know there's no one I can
think of
&gt;&gt; in in China there's many competitors and
they're doing this but like they're way
more kind of services
&gt;&gt; no one in the US other than let's say
Zuks but again Zuks is purpose-built
kudos for them I love Zuks I'm happy
that they went that with that design I'm
very happy for them and they're going to
need to move forward but at least they
have a chance
but no one else
&gt;&gt; so you're right when you said why hasn't
someone, a legacy car company just said,
"Look, we'll build the car." Uh, they do
it for police cruisers.
&gt;&gt; Uh, the police cruiser is based on
whatever it was at the time, a Crown Vic
or a Taurus in some cases or a Ford
Explorer, but it is a modified version
of it that has specific things that it
needs. Uh, for example, an oil cooler uh
that prevents the car from breaking down
the oil when sitting idling all day,
which they sometimes do. There are
modifications made. Uh, they they will
have holes pre-drilled in the firewall
so you can run your custom wires through
the car without creating too big of a
hole and getting exhaust leaking into
the cabin. I said to my friend who
worked in the Ford powertrain division,
why would there be exhaust leaking into
the cabin? And he said,
[laughter]
he did. He literally did. Uh so if you
don't gather all this data, the problem
I'm seeing is that the big companies are
saying, "Wait, you want me to spend
hundreds, maybe even thousands of
dollars on each car with no revenue?
I'm out. I'm not. They're not going to
do it. I understand that you have that
they're like, "Is this a game to you?"
Like uh an eightbit game, an old
Nintendo game, like my favorite old
Nintendo game. Subscribe.
&gt;&gt; Fun. It's a fun uh twoperson game, uh
played between one creator and his
entire audience. Subscribe. It costs you
nothing. So, it's a lot of fun. I'm
having fun with these. You can tell. Uh,
and of course, because I am always on
these journeys. If you want to help out,
support the channel, there's ways to do
that. Link in the description. So, I
don't know. I don't know what what I
don't know why a legacy company hasn't
done that.
&gt;&gt; Well, the reason is because the CEO's
tenure is usually three years. So, they
don't need to think past three years.
You'd think
&gt;&gt; not of my none of my uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've been stuck with Jim Farley
and Mary Bar for so long now that I
think all of their crows have come home
to roost. And they're not chickens,
they're crows. It's It's really a
problem. I drove Tesla FSD and Rivian
Autonomy Plus hands-free driving system.
Here's how they compare.
&gt;&gt; Rivian's trying to catch up. Uh but
addition but with additional safety
guard rails. Okay, fine. Uh, based on
recent driving, uh, drives totaling
hundreds of miles, Rivian has surpassed
legacy competitors like GM with its
Super Cruise and also Ford with the Blue
Cruise. I do not have recent enough
experience on those to say. Riven
expects to deliver point-to-point
driving later this year, but for now,
just an ADAS with a big leap forward for
the company. Now,
this article goes to great pains to make
Rivian's
highway only driver assist look really
good
&gt;&gt; and just kind of handwaves away. Oh, and
then it'll do all the city stuff, which
is where the majority of the challenge
lies the majority of the edge cases as
well. What do you think of Rivian's
ambitions to
&gt;&gt; Well, they have to say this. They have
to say that we are just like Tesla. You
need to copy Tesla. So they're on this
path. That's great. But like you said,
what they've got is autopilot on
highways, which is what Tesla's had for
years before they started doing full
self-driving, which has allowed you to
drive the car point to point in any
city's kind of local roads. Any road. By
the way, these guys, that's what they've
got. Great. You got a good highway
system. step one, but you're far far far
behind. And then the other thing I've
been saying is that how many Rivians are
are there?
&gt;&gt; Just not far too little.
&gt;&gt; 155,000 maybe.
&gt;&gt; It's not it's not enough. It is a
&gt;&gt; it's a shockingly low number. Uh and
they say that this system will require
lidar, but the R2 is not shipping with
lidar. It's not ready. And if you're
buying one today, will it be compatible
with the system Rivian is building?
&gt;&gt; I had wondered why they didn't want me
to attend their autonomy day. And I
watched the presentation and when they
said, "And it's got liar." And the crowd
went nuts. I was like,
&gt;&gt; "That's why I'm not there." Got it. Got
it. Because I because you would have
heard my eyes roll over the sound of the
applause. So yeah, I, you know, would
love to believe I've seen people
suggesting, well, they can skip all the
dead ends. You know, they can skip
trying to handcode it. That's going to
save them some time. Except it isn't. I
mean, you still have to do all the data
processing, and I haven't seen any
evidence that would suggest they have
the ability to crunch models at that
scale. Uh, even if they had the data,
which they don't.
I don't know, man. I'm I think skeptical
would be the most polite description I
could come up with.
&gt;&gt; So, let's close on a high note, shall
we?
&gt;&gt; Another subscribe image. No, I'm
kidding.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tesla Cybercap public launch date
reportedly days away in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Possible. I mean, we're hearing a
quality rumor preparing to put CyberCap
on the roads in Austin before the end of
August. uh what as you understand it
because you've read the same source as I
have as you understand it what are the
steps that it would be to cyber cabab
roll out
&gt;&gt; this is a report from the information
and what they're saying is they spoke to
people in the know so we don't know how
close this is and what they're expecting
is that there's going to be uh that
apparently Tesla told staff that
cybercap debut will happen in Austin by
the end of this month uh now the steps
would be that right now we know that
CyberCab, right, Lawrence Moravey and
that was the big reveal that he had for
me was he has a big, you know, a nice
surprise and what it was was that Tesla
employees in Giga Texas are able to hail
a cyber cab and it drives them around
Giga Texas. The next step would be that
those employees can do it in public
roads. Makes sense. But then they say
that days after that that happens,
they're going to now offer CyberCab to
public uh in Austin. I don't believe
that that's going to happen. They think
it's going to happen within August.
That's their time frame. Don't think
that's going to happen within August,
but that is what they're saying at this
point. So, it's it's getting exciting.
Now, it's true that at some point there
will be a cyber cab hailed publicly in
Austin. I think it'll be a uh one or
two, you know, like a a ceremony kind of
thing, a ceremony scenario that we're
now able to do this, but it'll take my
contention is that let's say this is
true.
&gt;&gt; It's going to give if if you allow
employees to do it on public roads. It
ain't going to be within, you know, one
week and then we're going to launch it
after that. I think it's going to be two
weeks, three weeks to let employees test
it in public roads before you would then
allow it to the public. So, it's on its
way, but it is a good sign because we
are the the the thing we've been all
waiting for, at least I have, is FSD
capability within CyberCap. In order for
it to work, it's a whole new form
factor. You have to train it. And I've
been saying this for months. I've been
doing many shows on this saying that the
CyberCap is not imminent. Three months
ago, people are saying it's imminent.
It's imminent. Look at the factory. And
I said, "No, they need to be trained on
FSD." and Elon confirmed that exactly
exactly that's what they were doing at
the earnings call. At some point that
will be complete and they'll feel
comfortable and they'll want this out
there and that's why we're seeing
thousands of cyber caps already in the
US. They're testing to see and so when
it is ready they'll launch it. But I
just think that employee first public
roads ain't going to be just a week.
It'll probably be minimum two weeks if
not longer and then they'll launch it at
that point. From the time that we see
them go wide in Austin, how soon do you
think we will see onesie twoozies
popping up in other markets where we've
already seen them deployed, especially
within Texas and Florida where the
permits are set?
&gt;&gt; Well, if they're wide in Austin, they
can much easily be deployed anywhere in
any city that they feel comfortable
with. I that's not the reason why it's
delayed. It's almost like, you know, the
whole idea of I'm not going to show you
any, but when I'm ready to show you,
it's going to be faster, faster, faster
to roll out.
&gt;&gt; Well, here's the reason, and I've been
pointing this out for a couple months
now as well. As we talked about, the
vast majority of robo taxi rides are two
people or less. So, if you have an
Austin robo taxi service and you're
going to put in 5,000 cars, what do you
want that 5,000 cars to be made up of?
90% of them call it 4,000 4,500 of them
are sorry counts
&gt;&gt; would be chocolate. Oh. Oh. Made up of
Oh, never mind. I misunderstood.
&gt;&gt; Five. If you had your way, it would be
the chocolate. Yeah. Oh, but you know,
only 10% of them would be Model Y's. And
so when you see the Model Y and you're
asking why haven't they got 2,000 in
them? Well, because the real Robbo taxi
service will have 10% of them. So, if
you see uh a hundred uh Model Y's, then
you're going to go, well, they're going
to put out 900 cyber cabs and then and
then they'll grow it from that point.
That's my theory. And so, yes, when they
launch this in other cities, it'll be
cyber cap first. So, once they've done
it in one place, yeah, that's that's
their main vehicle. That's the one
they're launching. I I think that they
have to be super careful though upon
launch. And the reason is that because
it is their main vehicle. This is the
brand. This is my my wife tells me all
the time she's like um she's confused
with the word robo taxi and the word
cyber caps.
&gt;&gt; She she really can't understand the
difference and and I and I and I
explained to her but she's do you
understand that the regular consumer out
there think of cyber cabs as Tesla's
robo taxi. Okay. So if they have an
issue with a cyber cab in the first
month that is it's branded that way.
It's a damage to their brand that could
be everlasting. They need to be super
careful. Let it out there slow. So, I'd
rather them go slow with the Cyber Gab
rollout, have enough months, then go
big. And I think that that's what
they'll do.
&gt;&gt; In 10 years, you'll look back and not
remember what month or year it was
exactly that it launched
&gt;&gt; because, you know,
&gt;&gt; they'll be wear
&gt;&gt; and they'll be everywhere. Time marches
on.
&gt;&gt; So, guys, uh, what do we miss? What do I
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else, like, subscribe to
what to do. Head over to Herbert's
channel. find out what he's been up to.
He never calls. He never writes. Uh,
everyone else, stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots when I'm back from Nepal.