Channel:     futureaza
Title:       What We Learned About SEMI & the Rest of the Week's News - Tesla Beat
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hTLVMhWzn0
Published:   2026-09-25 07:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-26 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? It is the Tesla Beat
podcast episode 162.
And of course, you know, we picked the
best day to to provide you news because
something always happens on um Thursday
nights. Um and yesterday we had
something like uh semi-popular Joe show
up and uh the Tesla Semi was unveiled
last night and so much more. Quick shout
out to Insta3. They provide you with a
an amazing portable camera like the Link
2C. And of course, they obviously have a
huge plethora of other cameras like the
Luna Ultra and the X6 that have recently
come out. But go check out the Link 2C.
It's an amazing camera. All of the the
hosts here now have one as of last week.
Um so with that said, we are super
excited. Um thank you to Insta 360. Uh
but with that said, how's everyone
doing?
Oh man, you know, so I've been following
the semi for years. I've been following
the other semis, all of them, uh, doing
presentations about them. So, last night
was a real nerdfest for me, and I loved
it seeing Dan and Wes take the stage and
explain uh, and Lars, excuse me, take
the stage and explain some of the the
nerd stuff. And he's he was wasn't
joking. We could do this for hours. And
I'm like, please do. But uh, no, of
course, they had to wrap it up. But
there's a lot of new information about
the semi and we are uh the the big one
is as expected the efficiency has
improved from the original the Arcus
model to the Atlas model. This is uh
this is going to move a unit or two is
what I believe.
&gt;&gt; Semi-popular Joe tell us tell us what
&gt;&gt; it was awesome. It was awesome. It's
going to be amazing. There's a lot of
information we're going to get into uh
when we start the deck, but like Brian
said, it was it's been a long time
coming. We've known this since the
Roadster fell out of it. So, here we
are. It's pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Fell out of it.
&gt;&gt; We're here. Here we are. Um so, let's
let's jump into it. All right. Episode
162. The Grock never disappoints. Man,
this is probably one of the coolest ones
I've seen I feel like recently. Um, so
Joe, thank you for for putting that
together. All right, so stock um, if
that's what you follow. I would say
probably most people who are watching
this episode do. Um, and so the Tesla is
at 379 or um, 372 today. Last week it
was um, at 379. And then um, SpaceX
stock is at 147 versus the 155 last
week. Um, so with that said, um, you
know, it's kind of staying pretty
stable.
All right, so let's just get into some
of these specs. Okay, I'm going to, you
know, I'm going to give you some specs
and then we're going to run through, you
know, some quotes that came from the
night from Elon and and Dan Priestley.
Um, the Tesla Semi by the numbers, 500
miles, fully loaded with 82,000
pounds. And this again is real miles.
They've continued to say that it's got
600 mi um at about half the load, which
is outstanding as well. 325 mi of
standard range, 60% charge in 30
minutes. That's awesome. Uh 30 plus mega
charger sites by the end of 2026. So in
the bottom right, you can actually see
all of the mega chargers that are coming
and you can see where they're placed
like and it sounds like at least based
on this, this is seems to be like the
route. So, I would assume that if you
look at the way that, you know, they
they they looked at the supply chain, I
can't tell you. I I bet you that these
routes will cover I'm I'm making this
up, 60 to 80% of the whole supply chain
in the US just with these routes because
if you think of what's on top, right? I
mean, you got small states like Idaho,
Montana that no one no one goes to. Um,
sorry if you do, but and then and then
uh greater than 98% fleet uptime and
50,000year capacity for semiis. Um, and
a couple of I think quick call outs. Um,
you know,
um, from Elon, drivers are going to
actually love driving this truck because
it just has so much acceleration. It
feels like a sports car in truck form,
and it's going to be the funnest truck
to drive. I've seen that. I've talked to
truck drivers. They all they all love
it. Uh this is really going to be a
gamecher truck. The cost of electricity
per mile is much less than the cost of
diesel, especially in these crazy times.
So if you think if you live in
California, it is 50% cheaper to uh per
mile to drive a Tesla semi than it is to
drive a diesel truck. So I mean I think
it's only 20% cheaper across the other
states. Um, again, that's that could be
old news, but that's what was shared in
the Jay Leno convo. Um, and then, uh,
yeah, by the end of the year, we'll have
about 30 stations coming online with 200
megawatt capable posts. Um, that's from
Dan. And then I think the last one, in
the very near future, we will be adding
self-driving features so that the driver
arrives at the destination and still
feels refreshed. I think like I said um
in my opinion that that in itself is
going to be one of those things
obviously the cost right the people we
we talked a lot about this on the
podcast right the business operators are
going to look at the numbers so that's
one going to be the most defining thing
but two once you start throwing in FSD I
mean how many I mean we've seen here at
least in California we've seen semis
that have gotten in some car accidents
and you know people you know die
unfortunately. And so being tired and
exhausted is a thing with people who are
driving 10 to 12 hour days. And so that
is going to be such a game changer and
it's going to save so many lives. But
what did you guys think about the launch
last night? Um any other things that
stuck out to you that you kind of geeked
out on?
&gt;&gt; Yes, I I'll I'll just say that the the
big difference is the efficiency and
that's really it. We've known Tesla Semi
was meant to be efficient and that the
early tests showed that it was
efficient. 1.7 is now the figure for uh
watt hours uh uh kilowatt hours per mile
and that's improved from 1.8. The
competition e Cascad is at 2.1. Well,
what's an extra 400 watts to go one
mile? What? Who cares? Well, you're
going a million miles. That's 400
megawatt hours. Even if you're paying a
dime for your juice, which a on average
you won't because you will have some
public charging in that mix. But let's
say all of your charging is done back at
the depot at a dime a kilowatt hour.
That's still $40,000 cheaper over that
million miles. How many trucks are you
running? 10. That's $400 grand you just
saved. So just by picking a truck that
is more reliable and has less downtime,
uh I I don't understand what's not to
like. And if you look at the EC
Cascadia, it hasn't really evolved.
There's not enough money in it to keep
pushing forward. And yet Tesla's out
there simplifying systems, reducing the
part count, making it better before they
actually go wide with it. And in terms
of orders, we know that there's one
order alone that will double the US
class 8 EV semif fleet. Uh 2500 is all
the more that are on the road nationwide
today. One order alone will double that.
So there's yeah efficiency. Uh listening
to those engineers, you get to
understand the difference between a
company that's led by the marketing
department and one that's led by the
engineers.
Yeah, it's um it really you you can see
it all all the way through. And
actually, it was funny if you listen to
the very beginning, uh I think it was
actually JB's idea to make the semi. You
know, JB is the one who sent an email to
um to Dan and was like, "Hey, we need to
make a semi." And then I think it was
Dan who went to Lars and they worked out
all the math and did some of the back of
the envelope uh calcs to just see you
know what type of efficiencies and
numbers they could draw. But this is,
like I said, if you if you look at this,
these are all I I can tell you if you on
the top right here, if you look at all
of the specs, the key things to make,
you know, driving a semitr
perfect. And when they set up all of
these mega chargers and grow the the
capacity on them, it really is going to
be seamless because again, when you pull
over after driving 500 miles, you are
literally going to, you know, you stop.
You're going to stop for an hour plus.
you're not going to stop, you know, for
more than that. And sometimes you'll
even have one stop throughout that, you
know, 500 mile drive, right? Cuz again,
um 300 five uh 300 miles is going to be
um what is it? Five or six hours in just
a car anyways. And then now you have
80,000 lbs that you're towing. It's
going to take you longer because you're
not going 70 to 90 miles, right? And uh
like I said, so this is 500 miles might
even be a 10-hour day, right? just in
driving. So, I think it just depends on
like the stops and I would assume, you
know, they're probably going to have one
stop. But again, as they build these, as
you see all these red dots light up,
there will be other mega chargers you
can stop at. You don't have to just feel
like you have to, you know, um go all
the way through. But yeah, it's I don't
know. Joe, did you have any thoughts?
&gt;&gt; No, I think you're I think you're right
on it. just it's it's amazing what
they've already got started and and the
groundwork that they're laying and and
how they have it slated. I think it's
going to be one of those things that you
just have to watch and and Bill Gates is
crying right now on his satin pillows.
&gt;&gt; I I will say I'm still encountering
people saying 500 miles that's just
inadequate. That's not enough range. It
needs to be more. And I I would point
out that all the other manufacturers top
out at similar uh targets because like
you just said, John, there is a limit to
how many uh m how many hours in a day a
trucker can legally operate and that's
it only has to meet that. I had a
gentleman telling me that uh his road
trip car has to have 700 miles of range.
And I said, "But you do have to stop,
right? I mean, you're not just sitting
behind the wheel with a catheter. I
hope." And he said, "Yeah, but I stop
for me not to charge." I go, "I don't
spend any time surplus charging. I stop
when I want to stop and I go when I'm
ready to go. And that's more than enough
energy to get me to my destination. If
my car had 2,000 miles of range, it
would not change how many stops I make
on a trip, nor how long I am stopped
for. So, at some point, you have to say
enough is precisely enough." And that's
uh the range that the semi goes for
100%.
All right, Joe. Probably one of the
coolest things about the semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is like pretty incredible.
So, the semi becomes the first class 8
truck with electric steering. So, it's
got the steer by wire included on it.
There's no hydraulics, no fluid lines,
and uh Tesla said it's the start of the
autonomy that's going to help it, you
know. I mean, this is going to help with
autonomy, of course, but but it's the
person in his class. It says uh PS get
EV industry newsletters. People need to
keep up with with Tesla, man. Like Tesla
just makes these things seem like
standard, and this is not standard by
any means. like people are and and Brian
would know this, people are shoehorning
in like regular uh truck things and just
making them electric. And this is from
the ground up. So, you're looking at a
way different beast.
&gt;&gt; It's absolutely true. If you're going to
try and make something that's two
things, it's not going to be either one
very well. Look at the car boats. Look
at the plane cars. Uh they're terrible.
And when you look at some place like
when I was in Nepal, I had an
opportunity to talk with the engineers
who are electrifying the bus fleet. When
they buy a bespoke electric bus, it gets
fantastic efficiency. When they convert
an old diesel bus, the efficiency is
generally about 50% worse. And so not
twice as bad. Uh but it requires an
additional 50% of the juice to go not
even as far. But in some cases that
still works if you don't have to throw
out a whole bus. But it is never going
to be as efficient as if you purpose
built something uh on, you know, for the
task. And that's exactly what ECascadia
and other of the big truck makers have
done is said, well, we kind of want to
dip our toes in. Great. You got
something that's capital efficient up
front. You only spend a half a billion
instead of Tesla spending 3.9 billion.
But now what you've got is a product
that no one will buy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's um like I said, it it's one
of those things where the semi in itself
is is going to be one of those things
where you're going to be maxed out at a
certain amount of time you can drive.
Like it actually in your Teslas, we all
know your car charges faster at the
lower rates. So you're actually better
off kind of like what Zach Black Model 3
would do. you know, he would drive it
to, you know, what 30%, go from 30% to
five and just kind of make a lot of
stops because you're gaining time
because at the higher um percentages of
state of charge, it slows down. So, um
yeah, it's it's going to be absolutely
um just an amazing truck. So, quick note
on uh for mobility. Um, for Mobility is
rolling out 30 megawws of mega charging
across their new California truck
depots. Uh, Tesla operates public mega
charging at three sites. Um, and Tesla
showed um a forum mobility logo in last
night's delivery video alongside the
Mega Charger map. So I think what's
really incredible here and if you think
of the P if you think of all of the
trucks actually here in this lineup on
the top left of this image you can see
it's all brands like AB um ABF um you
know US foods PepsiCo a lot of big
brands that do again I I I don't know I
bet you if you put all these companies
together the amount of transporting
they're doing and the percentage of you
know how that's getting across the US
again it's probably a lot but those
that's the client here. It's not, you
know, people there's people like Xander
who have an order. Um, but, you know,
not everyone is a Xander and is going to
want one of these things. Um, but huge
to see. Again, all a lot of these
companies are doubling down. And again,
these companies do things by the
numbers. They're not going to do things
subjectively. Oh, I'm a Tesla fan. Let
me go buy some of these. They're going
to look at the numbers and it's and
ensure that they're going to save money
because at the end of the day, when the
margins are small, it's all about the
bottom line. So, um, that's one thing
you will see here.
Joe, do you want me to take this one
with some of the specs or
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So, this one, uh,
European European semi is up to 550
kilometers at 40 tons. The Mega Charger
will go up to 800 kilowatts, so 60% in
30 minutes, or 9.1 ton curb weight. Um,
last night Tesla confirmed the European
spec comes off actually. There we go.
Joe, you and I were talking about the
Tesla confirmed it comes off the the
spec comes off the Nevada line. So, they
will be making these in Nevada for
Europe. Um, and one thing I noticed too
is that uh the actual semi um will only
go up to 800 kilowatts versus um in the
US, so that's the European spec. In the
US it'll be 1.2 megawws. So, um, there
is a it looks like a cap there in the
Europe in Europe. Um, but yeah, either
way, you know, I'm glad that they're
making this because I remember, you
know, I've been to, you know, and you've
been there several times. Um, Brian,
too, just, you know, when we've been to
some of these takeovers, you see the
amount of semis on some of these roads.
You see them at the the truck stops.
This will be a a great vehicle in Europe
as well. The reason the US spec charges
at a 50% higher rate is because the US
one has three battery packs instead of
two. So, it's got 50% more battery. You
can charge it that much faster. The
European spec is just the two module
configuration. Uh for shorter range,
lower cost, lower weight, and uh you
know, leave it to the shippers to know
what routes they need, what logistics
this can currently handle. And uh yeah,
so it is very competitive in the
European market. And fortunately uh you
don't have to switch the driver to the
other side of the truck because he's
already in the middle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think you brought up a
point. I I do think isn't there room on
the top that uh like if you look at if
you look at this, I think there's room
for a sleeper. I don't know if they've
&gt;&gt; The interior is about 6 and 1/2 ft. Uh,
you could have a fold down bed back
there. I don't see why you couldn't. It
wouldn't necessarily be luxurious. It
wouldn't be for a team, but to just put
in a bunk, there's no reason you
couldn't. I feel a lot of people are
really hung up on the sleeper cab
option. I don't know how common that is.
Uh, but, uh, again, if it's something
that's super important, it'll happen.
And if it isn't, then, you know, wait
your turn. I know a lot of people have
their 1% use case that they would really
like to see addressed. I certainly do. I
think we all do. But I don't know if
that's going to matter that much in the
European market where routes are often
much shorter than they are in the US.
Yeah, it's um it's absolutely
Yeah. wild. Um, like I think that that
some of our most viral videos have been
test semis and they always give me that
edge case. Where's the sleeper? And that
comment gets like 20,000 likes. Um, but
it's kind of the same thing. You know,
you see companies like Lucid who have
500 miles of range and you're like, why
hasn't Tesla done that? It's like
because 90% of people don't really need
that, right? And yes, they they've
become the king of range,
&gt;&gt; but it's just, you know, they're also
doing 2,000 vehicles maybe a quarter,
right? So,
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; that's the thing I point out the
Silverado has 500 miles of range and
it's not a big seller, the Lucid, of
course. Range King is great. You know
what's better? Sales king. I'd like you
to be the sales king. I did a
presentation on why the Model Y L only
has an 83 kWh pack. And the answer is
because it's all it needs. It's found
the sweet spot. Just this week, Kyle
Connor from Out of Spec did a range
test, Model Y versus Model Y L. and they
went a mile and a half within each other
for the full discharge test. The the
bone dry run out of juice on the side of
the road test within a mile and a half
of each other. Now, the Model Y they
were doing was a year old and had some
battery degradation already. But that
still shows that it's got that the Y has
the range. It uh you don't need to jam a
big dumb battery in it. You could do oh
100 120 kwatt hours except now it's
going to weigh an extra ton and cost an
extra 20 grand because you have to
replace the brakes, the tires, the
suspension. You have to rebalance
everything in the frame. It creates a
whole bunch of new problems when you do
that. Just go for efficiency like they
were saying at the semi presentation
yesterday. If you can once you've got
the efficiency sorted out, everything
else takes care of itself.
&gt;&gt; Agreed.
All right, Joe. What? How did the semi
event end
with a whimper? No, they opened up the
They opened up the truck.
&gt;&gt; They opened up the truck and there was a
little something back there. You can get
your Roadster. You You know, I I'll tell
you like uh things changed after the
Cybertruck was announced like for the
company, for the for all of Tesla, like
things went far left after that. They
like everybody's got the full light bar.
Every, you know what I mean? The the Y
and everything came with the full light
bar. And so now you see it on the
roadster and you only need $50,000 and
you can get one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; For 50,000 what you can get is in line.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; I've had I've had people that have
texted me. So, sorry if you're one of
the friends that texted me, hey, I'm
thinking about, you know, I I put my 5K
down. I'm going to wire the remaining
45. You think I'll get into the Roadster
event? I'm like, no. Like, are you are
you serious? Like, you should have done
that a year ago, uh, if not 10 years
ago. Um, that's who's getting into this
event is, you know, um, I've heard a
couple of like like original um, founder
reservations, founder series
reservations. I know a couple people
who've done that, but outside of that,
uh it's it's not going to be anyone
that's put an order in the past like
week or two, you know what I mean? So,
um but yeah, this is going to be a
spectacle. Even Waco, they shut down the
like there's a no-fly zone in that area
where they're going to be having this
event. So, there will be some flying
cars happening. It's going to feel like
the Jetson's all over again. And Elon
has teased, I need to invite people so
that people don't think it's AI.
Oh man, so good. All right, guys. This
was uh you know, Tesla, like I said,
it's just, you know, you think, oh, hey,
you know, we've we got the V4
superchargers out. We're good. You know,
um we don't need to do a whole lot. but
they're like, "No, let's just make
something that you just it's already
pretty much pre-built,
an accordion supercharger."
Um, so here, right, you have the first
accordion supercharger with 16 V4 stalls
per truckload, 20% cheaper to install,
factory preassembled, and dropped
between the parking spaces, no curb
trenching, supercharger stall growth,
uh, 17% year-over-year. Either way, this
is again a prefab
um buildout that speeds up the whole
process that saves money too. And again,
this is all stuff that you know, it
doesn't look like um what's I'm trying
to look at. Um it doesn't look like um
there. Yeah, there fac there there's no
curb trenching either. So, it doesn't
look like you need to, you know,
essentially, you know, dig up the the
concrete and stuff. This is stuff that
can kind of be essentially built on top
of everything. But again, the accordion
supercharger and again Tesla like I I
just remember it was sometime last year.
Jeez, I can't believe what's happened
where they they showcased the 500
kilowatt in Redwood City, the the
charging there and they lit up. But it's
just like and that was the true V4 and
they had all of the the V4 stalls and
and the the V4 cabinets and they were
explaining it to I had Max explain it to
me, you know, he's the head of
supercharging there. Um, and it really
is incredible. And then now they're
like, "Oh, yeah. We're just going to
work on like a block that we can throw
there. It takes less time to set up.
It's going to save you money." And they
come pretty much pre-installed.
&gt;&gt; The other thing we've seen is the the V4
cabinets, the same cabinet they use for
the Mega Charger. They've already got
the prefab mega chargers uh rolling out
as well. That's going to save a lot of
time. The beauty on these is think of
the difference between building a shed
and buying a shed. One's going to go up
a lot quicker than the other. When you
do a legacy type install, like most
manufacturers are still doing, nearly
all. I think Electrify America is the
only other one who's gone to a modular
design. You have to hire one of each
kind of contractor to get the job done.
With this, you need one, maybe two. In
terms of permits, you need one, maybe
two. You need the permit for the site
just to say, can we can we clear this
chunk of land? Yes, you can. Power comes
in, you throw it on, you've got your
power permit, and you're done. And we've
seen time lapses of these being
installed and operational within 24 to
48 hours. This is a big time saver and a
big money saver and the reason Tesla's
able to roll out chargers so much more
quickly than anyone else and at prices
that are lower generally than anyone
else.
This is kind of a dumb question.
Obviously, maybe this is like a te-ball
session for you, Brian, but like, you
know, why why continue to to do
something like this? And the funny thing
is they didn't even make a huge
announcement about like didn't this is a
big moment as far as like engineering
and and you know, the cost savings and a
big moment for the charging team, but
like why continue to just like raise the
bar and and rather than just being happy
with where things are at? Well, you
could look at it over the short term and
say they want to be able to keep their
costs low to keep adoption high. And if
you want to be cynical, you could say,
well, in the future when they want to
use this as a income generator, then
they'll have more margin to play with to
keep for themselves to share with the
site operators and all that. But the
bigger reason is when you look at
designing, for example, you and I are
going to, we work for, I don't know,
Peterbuilt. We're going to design a new
electric semi. It's not enough that we
build an electric semi that's really
good. It has to match the charging
system, the B. We've got to figure out
what the batteries are, then figure out
what our truck is, then figure out how
it interfaces, not just with our
charger, but with all the chargers. Are
we are we matching the the voltage in a
way that gets us the most juice the most
quickly with the least damage? And if
you and I work at Peterbuilt and we're
trying to figure that out, we don't even
know where to start. But Tesla says,
"Okay, grab the battery, guys. Grab the
charging guys. Let's get at it a table
and figure it out and we'll have it done
by morning. So, by keeping all this
stuff in house, it makes everything else
cheaper, too. Even when you're not
looking at it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All right, Joe, this one is to
you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is an amazing story.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, John Pop. Another John. So, uh,
John was born without arms and he has
driven Teslas for over seven years. Of
course, he uses FSD and, uh, supervised
and he said it makes even the road trips
that he does possible. He's driven over
500 mile road trips and everything. And
so like regulators got to think about
the freedom that this gives people with
uh with you know I mean semi
disabilities and things like that when
they're uh thinking about like what's
allowed and what's not allowed like this
has got to be at the forefront of
allowability because I mean this guy's
living a full life thanks to FSD and
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's another person too. Uh his
videos have gone viral too. I'm I'm
forgetting his name, but he had a
similar situation and I think he um I
think also
&gt;&gt; Oh, he has a Cybert truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Short arms. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. So, I I really do think
and you know um I don't know obviously
we live and breathe this stuff and a lot
of people that we know now have all
driven Teslas now and you know it's
pretty rare to have friends now that
don't. But either way, I was lucky to
give one of my friends a ride the other
day and um I I posted a video. It
actually got like I think about 1.2
million views on TikTok. Um and it was
just again one of those rides that you
know she's experiencing FSD for the
first time. And she's an older lady and
she was just talking about how much like
you know this will help her just you
know get confidence back, right? um just
to be able to to feel safe on the roads,
to drive at night. Um you know, she
didn't feel comfortable driving at
night. And there's just a lot of stuff
like that. Um that, you know, people,
elderly people are going to be able to
kind of get control back a little bit
and not feeling like, oh, I can't drive
because it's after 6:00.
And so that's one use case. That's just
like older people. But on this, you
know, with John Fop, it's like, you
know, he he was born without arms and he
is able to go and do things um you know,
um and get accessibility um because of
FSD. So, I don't know, just just huge
um huge win.
All right, so real quick here on Tesla
insurance. Um uh so Tesla insurance now
shows up on the order page, which is
pretty cool. So, it's great to see that
that vertical integration and people
don't realize that, you know, Tesla has
insurance. So, an Austin Model Y, for
example, um roughly at $25 per month
drops to 148
uh with high usage of FSD. So, that's
like $600 in savings a year. Um but it's
one of those things that um again it's
just great to see that integration
between you know when you purchase a
Tesla to you know when you're about to
get delivery to see the FSD is on there
and then again Tesla can use all the
soft you know uses the software to
essentially evaluate you how much you're
using it you know how much are you
pressing the pedal and things like that
and through all of that they can give
you the savings back because you're
either a higher risk or lower risk but
the more you use FSD
um you
the less risk you will be because it's
safer.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, you want to hit this uh
Mega Pack one?
&gt;&gt; Mega Pac 3 has been unleashed. So, uh
the Tesla production begins, it says
here, but the really cool thing is that
the uh the Mega Pack is 5 megawws LFP
batteries. This is a two megawws per
unit like with the with the Mega Block.
Uh,
so they they are like cranking these
out, man. Like
&gt;&gt; Joe, remind me remind me. Isn't the old
one like one megawatt per unit,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um, I think the old ones are I I I think
the very old ones the but the 2XL's I
think are more like are more like two.
They didn't magically squeeze that much
more in. It's just the configuration of
them uh in the in in the multi-ack setup
that's so much smarter. Yeah, because
the mega pack the mega block is four.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; like it's like it's it's an insane
assembly like how they how they've done
it
&gt;&gt; and they're cranking these out. Man,
this is pretty cool because Lethrop was
doing everything and now you've got
&gt;&gt; these LFPs local out of Texas and you
know what I mean? And they're they're
doing everything.
&gt;&gt; Well, well, not the entire battery.
Brian made the place.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I think they're out of Michigan.
It was I think it was the LG plant that
was supposed to be in partnership with
GM.
&gt;&gt; Somehow GM never needed to take delivery
of those batteries. So they retoled for
LFP for Tesla's purposes. And of course
there was some big announcement and
everyone's like, "Oh my gosh, who could
it be?" Yeah. Who? I wonder who could b
who could absorb 40 gawatt hours of LFP
without batting an eye? Could be
anybody. You'll never know. Um the
announcement came out, everyone was all
a flutter. I'm like, was this really not
news? Okay, it's fine. But they these
the beauty of the Mega Blok is that they
took some of the pain in the butt
externals and just put it inside. Put it
into the cabinet. Why not? So, when we
deploy them, just like those accordion
chargers, it's ready to go. You've got a
much faster install, which is really
helpful because you don't get to count
all of the money on a deployment until
it's electrified. Let's eliminate those
steps. Not just the building steps, but
the permitting steps. We can save that
time and get it done quicker. For
transformers in the US, I know there's a
transformer shortage, but the real
shortage is for the really big ones.
There are countless manufacturers that
make the smaller transformers. And um
Tesla's, you know, buying domestically
for those for security purposes as well
as uh keeping the supply chain short.
And uh this is just another one of those
clever things that they figured out to
do inhouse instead of instead of the the
way the competition does it which I
think we can describe as outouse.
Yeah, it's really really cool to see
what they're doing here in uh
Brookshshire,
Texas. And what's crazy, I think I was
talking to a friend the other day is
like Tesla's getting to the point now. I
can't count all of the factories and
refineries off the, you know, I can't at
this moment, but they are getting that
point now where I'm going to start
losing track track. You know what I
mean? Like cuz it's like I know about
the mega pack factory. I know about the
lithium refinery. I know obviously about
Giga Texas, the Terapab, but like I mean
there's probably something else. I mean
I didn't even know they own something up
in Waco, Texas. Uh so who knows? Maybe
there's going to be announcement there
for that. But um um so it's just one of
those things where you know Tesla's
continuing to innovate here again and
they're doing it at you know on new soil
um as as we see. All right. So there was
this um interview with CCTV. Um and then
also too we know that President um uh of
China came to to um I think it's
President Xi uh came to China to hang
out with Trump and all of the tech
leaders were there. like you had Jensen,
Zuckerberg,
uh Altman, um Tim Cook, um and just a
lot of the players there. Um obviously
Elon Musk, um and so you know, um I
think in some of these clips, you know,
Elon was obviously praising, you know,
China for their innovation. Um saying
that, you know, the president of China
is a great leader. Um, but again, if you
know Tesla in China, there has been no
company. They're they're pretty much the
the first company, the first US company
to go in and still fully own their
company versus having to essentially
sell out the majority of their company
or kind of like co-own it with a a
Chinese um a Chinese entity as well. Um,
so, you know, again, Elon just again
playing 40 chess here. Um and uh you
know thankfully he's been he's been set
up well for that. But um you know it's
been great great to see that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The uh summit of sorts. I mean it
wasn't an official summit but clearly it
was. You've got all those business
leaders there. I think that was the
right move because there's a lot of
trade between these countries. There's a
lot of technology uh being developed uh
between our two countries. And yeah, the
White House dinner that they had,
hopefully they got answers they needed
from each other. And China is not
slowing down. The US at least on some
technologies is not slowing down. Uh but
it's going to be one of those things
where we need to absolutely uh
cooperate. Uh when it when there was
that rumor that Oh my gosh, in the
comments, Moroni B says that's what she
said. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Good. Uh but
there's uh we we need the cooperation.
There was Tesla was the first company
that didn't have to sell off half their
uh local operations to get their foot in
the door. It was a new policy that had
just come out. Many companies have
followed in their footsteps and it
appears to be working. China's relaxing.
We wanted them to be a more capitalist
country and boy did they deliver.
&gt;&gt; Facts. Yeah. No, they they definitely
did.
All right, so let's just see the next
slide. Okay, so this is more of like a
FYI and again this is all subject to be
changed. The they will not the Starship
flight 14 is happening next week. They
will not be catching the Starship
itself. Um if things go well, they will
be um getting prepared to uh to do that
I think on flight 15. So September 28th
again uh no earlier than so fully
stacked on pad 2. Um and again we'll see
what happens but this will be the first
orbital attempt. So um really cool in
that regard. And then I think just some
other quick stuff about you know
Starlink V3. The plan is six orbits at
275 kilometers carrying 26 Starlink V3
satellites. Um, we're looking for, you
know, the Pacific splashdown on these.
So, it's going to be, like I said, this
is going to be on flight 14. That's
going to be the big thing that we're
going to plan for is how how how
well does this, you know, Starlink V3
go, this this um this experiment. And
then also too, you know, how how does
the Pacific splashdown look as well?
Well, actually, I think that's in
potentially relation to the Starlink,
but yep. So, we will see.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, that's what Elon said in the
interview. He was they're
by the telemetry specs, it looks like
they could have caught it with the arms
on that last one. With this flight,
they're going to double check and then
by flight 15 note, they should be able
to catch it.
&gt;&gt; If they're not planning to reuse this
particular one, might as well play it
safe. They've demonstrated a lot of
capabilities, but uh if you take out a
tower, you're going to set yourself back
six months just in construction,
potentially longer in safety,
validation, and other concerns. Let's
just do it right.
Exactly.
All right, Joe, the next slide is to
you. FSD is on the rise.
Oh, you're on mute, dude. We can't hear
you
&gt;&gt; because you're not listening, John. And
it's
&gt;&gt; clearly not. I
&gt;&gt; put you on mute before you spoke. Now
I'm struggling.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, FSD is on the rise. This is
pretty cool. Ron Baron went on
the squawk box and he was talking about
this and and, uh, Joe Carman was saying
like it's he's really not into it, but
his son is. So, he's they're going to
they're going to try it and they haven't
tried it yet, but they're going to try
the robo taxi, which is pretty cool. I I
think it was very interesting because
you're looking at a situation where you
have almost 1.5 million active users on
freaking FSD right now. But, uh, this
consumer report over here to the right,
I wanted to, you know, just shed a
little light on everything. Like there's
a lot of people who don't have well we
know what percentage of the market EVs
are right so that the people who aren't
buying EVs are really afraid of FST.
It's so it's just it's a really it's a
really uh strange time but things are
moving forward and uh things are going
to happen. You got like the
year-over-year results are they're like
up 56% for FSD take rates and this is
the largest quarter that they've added
on record. So, it's going to be pretty
good times.
&gt;&gt; Now, you're on mute.
&gt;&gt; You're on mute. I muted John.
&gt;&gt; Joe Joe muted me. So, um yeah. So, with
that said, um I think when you look at
the stats, right, um again, this is Q2,
1.48 million active FSD subscribers, 56%
year-over-year growth, 200K quarter over
quarter. Um, but with that said, right,
North America has over 56% of their
deliveries have the, you know, FSD. So,
and I would believe based on the things
that I'm seeing that that attach rate is
going to increase. So, it'll be really
interesting. The the quarter ends in 5
days. If you have a local delivery
center, bring them some donuts this
weekend. Um but you know with that said
um you know FSD is it it really the
product is so enticing itself but then
you add an FSD it really it becomes like
it really becomes at that point does the
size fit your family in my opinion and
thankfully Tesla with the 3 and the
Model Y and the Y L they really have
tackled everything like as far as like
what's going to take what 80% of the
market and I'm just kind of making up
that stat but you know not everyone is
going to need a Yukon Denali, you know,
like a soccer mom or Honda Odyssey. Um,
so it really is great to see this
transition point for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to I'm going to agree with you
there real quick and say it's not 80%,
it's much higher. Few six seats or fewer
has to be well north of 95% of the
market. Probably 98. Who's left the uh
the 15 passenger church van? Uh, well,
no, but I want I want even more room in
the third row. Go buy it. It exists. You
can go buy it. The Model Y L is going to
be more popular. Is going to sell more
than, you know, the Kia with the proper
third row or the R1S. Even though the
R1S is a pretty fantastic rig, it's very
expensive and it ain't no Tesla.
Ain't that the truth? was literally
speaking speaking on mute again. Um but
yeah, I think um you know this is also
very much a thing. Uh Tesla released a
video. They're they're training people
probably in you know I think the six or
seven cities that they're in where
they're doing unsupervised rides with
the robo taxi so that people know, you
know, how to get people out. And I think
it's on the bottom right. You can see
it's a cyber cab. So, it's like you see
a a a first responder, you know, getting
they're essentially educating these
first responders on how to get people
out of um out of their cars in case, you
know, something really bad happens. So,
um yeah, and then um hopefully, you
know, they'll be lighting up another
city with the cyber caps pretty soon
here in Texas and maybe, who knows,
Florida as well.
All right. So, Mercedes, they love to
make headlines even without showing any
results. Mercedes signed a definitive
production deal to put Waves endto-end
AI driver in future cars within two
years. Two years is a long time and who
knows if it'll happen. Um, but Mercedes
gets priority um on this. But either
way, three three autonomy stacks at
once. I mean, how many how many cooks
can you stick in the kitchen to make
something happen?
&gt;&gt; You know what they say, the more cooks,
the better. You can never have too many.
Uh, no. We would ask in our family, what
can we do to help? And the answer is
always stay out of the kitchen. When
Mercedes introduced Drive Pilot in 23,
you guys, this is real FSD. It's hands
off, eyes off. It's unsupervised with
all these restrictions that ensure no
one can ever use it and a cost that's
high enough to cover the insurance for
those very few miles when it is being
used. And I had a lot of people telling
me, well, they just need to increase the
speed now. There isn't enough compute on
board to increase the speed to add to
the functionality is well there were,
you know, this is an in-house design.
And they know what they're doing really
because 6 months ago what they were
doing was rolling out with Alpameio
through Nvidia and and that was evidence
that this system of theirs was never
going to work. We knew last year when
they discontinued it that it was a joke.
I mean we knew before that and now
Alpamio they realized oh my gosh it's
going to be three to five years. This
isn't a solution. This is a toolkit. We
don't need a toolkit. We need a
solution. Okay jump ship again. Let's go
with Wave. Maybe this will this time
maybe this time it'll work. And I think
the real reason nobody wants to partner
with Tesla is because they all want to
keep their own data. They want to
monetize the heck out of it themselves,
not realizing that this approach means
they will definitely spend billions of
dollars and never have a viable product.
Where with Tesla, they would get a small
markup, but they wouldn't get the data.
They wouldn't get anything to train
from. And so, well, I just that's just
too much for me to give away. Well,
Mercedes, I don't know how to call your
car luxury if I have to drive it. If I
have to be my own chauffeur, doesn't
feel like luxury to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think you're getting to
the point now where I do think that the
companies that continue to stick like 15
cooks in the kitchen and it's like they
it's like dumb dums haven't learned,
right? And I'm not saying um but it's
just one of those things where um you
people will have to realize that like
it's it's like what's happening with uh
some of these other companies where
they're using like their competitor like
Google is probably using Claude. Claude
is probably using Google for some
various things and I think for some
weird reason in this case it's like
these legacy automakers do not want to
use Tesla for anything even though they
are kind of like the claw for FSD in you
know the FSD world right and I think
that I I my my thought is the first
company that can you know figure out how
to you know take the Tesla cameras and
put them on should do fairly well and
actually be able to compete even if they
are you know take Hyundai for example
like why not especially they don't have
the bad rep as some of these other
companies they should be the first
company to to go out and do this and
they're going to be able to that's
actually going to still help them move
volume because what's happening right
now everyone is slowly turning and
buying these you know Teslas because of
no other car there is no other private
car that you can uh or sorry any other
car you can purchase today and take home
that can drive you from point A to point
B there. It's and and if Tesla really
wanted to, they wouldn't license any of
this stuff out. But you because they're
for the bigger movement, they will they
will do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like your uh your comparison to
Claude. That makes that makes so much
sense. And I think people need to
realize that FSD is so much a tool that
they can use in in their in their
systems and they just got to get out of
their own way. Man, the hubris and the
greed of some of these companies is
going to be their detriment.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
All right. So, some pretty cool news out
of Denmark. 100,000 Teslas. Probably
nothing as Joe would say. Um, so, you
know, cool cool to see that. But this is
the um double the 50,000 um in 2023. So
just a merely 33 years they have doubled
it. Um roughly 53,000 Model
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; three
&gt;&gt; 33
&gt;&gt; sorry if I said 33. Uh roughly 53,000
Model Y's, 41,000 Model 3s, 5000 S,
1000X,
and 30 Roadsters. But either way, um
that is
&gt;&gt; Tesla has about 14.3% of Denmark's uh
700,000 EVs. So, um pretty pretty cool.
Um and about
&gt;&gt; bought up all those Model X's.
&gt;&gt; I know. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, with that said, funny
enough, I think, you know, there's
nothing happening in about two weeks.
Um, we just had a big announcement
yesterday. We have Eric, uh, Early
coming. He is the Cyber Cab lead, uh,
lead vehicle engineer. Um, he actually
was one of the keynote presenters um, at
the Cyber Cab event. if you that I think
people have released several clips of
the the speech
but um he is uh and we actually put out
an interview that we we had with him too
but with that said uh so it's going to
be Minaj Musk May Musk um you know Eric
Early and then France um so you know
again um you know we'll see what other
speakers we can potentially announce
this is not all of them I will say that
um but we are less than 15 days away.
Two weeks officially. I feel like I feel
like I need another month. Um and please
also too, this is a personal request. Um
if Kelvin or I or other people are
reaching out for information, please
respond, check your emails because
unfortunately, you know, uh we may have
to release some of your tickets or if
you if we need any information. So
that's not going to be the fun part of
finding out. Um, and then also too,
please go to the website, use Grock for
all of your frequently asked questions.
We have a lot of information out there.
Please don't text me if your grandma can
come randomly last minute. Um, I'm
getting a lot of questions and
ultimately that's just bogging me down.
I'm going to try to get to what I can,
but please like with AI now, research it
before you reach out. You know what I
mean? So, um, had a fun one this
morning. Someone wanted me to get in
between them to negotiate a whole
situation about, hey, can you get this
person to transfer? They don't believe
me. I don't know, man. I'm like, hey,
I'm not going to referee this. You go
handle it. So, but with that said, we
have uh we'll have less than probably
roughly 2400 people uh all in, including
uh vendors and everything else um at
Giga Texas. Um and uh so the whole
agenda is published on xtakeover
back/aggenda.
We will release the schedule once we get
finalize some of our speakers. Um but
yeah, so with that said, um you know,
thank you guys for coming. Please
patronize
semiopular Joe um and Futurazza aka
Brian. um he actually will be uh one of
the few um panelists and speakers. I
think we have maybe eight or something
like that. It's really I mean you're
seeing the announcements we're making.
We're seeing you know there's going to
be a lot of uh Tesla exec presence as
far as like whether it's you know
speaking or just involved. So please um
you know we will see you there. Uh but
please use AI especially Grock because I
think Grock is the most in tune with our
event just because it lives on X uh with
some of your frequently asked questions.
But with that said, we will catch you
guys in Austin, Texas at Giga Texas in 2
weeks. Have a great week everyone.
Bye. Semi-popular Joe.