Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Did Nvidia Just TAKE OVER The Global PC Market?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MkHXr_rVKo
Published:   2026-06-03 22:03 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-03 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have to talk Nvidia. Big things are
happening in Taiwan and it's worth
taking a second look at this. I covered
it quickly in my live session, but I
want to give it a little bit more time
because what is happening is truly
dramatic and you're seeing the world's
largest company and it's amazing. CEO
Yansen Wang presenting something that is
truly a gamecher for PCs for home
computing and finally brings the age of
AGI and of agentic intelligence into
your personal hands and homes. Let's
listen in what Yansen says. It's a very
short video and then we'll comment on
it.
&gt;&gt; Are going to reinvent the PC
&gt;&gt; going to be the new PC now tomorrow
night. Tomorrow night, I think it's
tomorrow night our time, but I'm going
to be with Satya where we're going to
talk a lot more about the work that
we're doing together. Microsoft Nvidia
over the last 3 years, it took this long
to completely reintroducing RTX Spark.
Everything we've learned over 33 years
distilled into one chip.
Blackwell RTX GPU with 6,144
CUDA cores, one pedaflop of AI
performance, a custom 20 core Grace CPU
built in partnership with MediaTek fused
by MVLink,
128 GB of unified memory, TSMC3
nanometer process, 70 billion
transistors,
and in close collaboration with Mic
Microsoft, a Windows platform for
agents.
We're reinventing the personal computer,
for creating,
for gaming.
This is the N1X that we built in
partnership with MediaTek. I think I saw
I saw Rick earlier. This is N1X. This is
a beautiful chip. This is this is a a
chip that frankly would take 33 years to
build. And the reason for that is
because a 100% of Nvidia software stack
runs here. If you want to run uh uh
digital biology, no problem. If you want
to do seismic processing, no problem.
You want astrophysics, no problem.
Everything associated with CUDA, all the
physics, all the biology, all the
genomics, all the AI, no problem. from
all the computer graphics. No problem.
Every single application Nvidia has ever
created and every single application
that Windows has ever run.
&gt;&gt; This is what Yensen launched. It is a
new series, a pretty amazing series of
personal PCs. He even presented it here.
You see it in this big picture here. H
you see all the new laptops he presents
and the whole new desktops he presents.
That was pretty amazing. and they are
all Windows-based and they have this new
chip in there and he explained it. It
has 20 CPU cores and I don't know how
many I forgot like crazy numbers of GPU
cores in there. And that means it brings
AI into the edge compute situation and
into your homes. And that is a very very
big deal because basically means two
things. We can now pay much more for our
computers because don't I'm not kidding
you. This will double laptop prices,
double desktop prices because now you
get tremendous performance. you're going
to pay 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 bucks.
Everyone will pay that for their laptops
and desktops. And all that additional
margin and additional revenue goes
straight to Nvidia, of course. So, they
massively expand the market, but they
also massively expand capabilities for
all of us because if you do the math, if
you run the tokens, all these tokens are
now free. We have to understand that
they are going to be free on Windows and
agents on your actual computer. So
you're willing to pay that because
you're saving tokens because now you run
them locally and it's going to be your
own tokens. So very big deal and this is
actually a significant market. If you
take the entire home computing market,
the entire laptop and desktop market and
double the TAM, you double the total
revenue because that is exactly what's
going to happen. If the average computer
now costs maybe 900 bucks, it will cost
2,000 next year. And Nvidia will take
half of that. It also means a huge
revolution in AI capabilities. This is
distributed compute in a way, right? It
solves some energy problems at scale
when you think about how many billions
of these things exist.
Very big deal. And we saw that it drove
up Nvidia a lot and keeps driving today.
So Nvidia is up like crazy. Let's see
what it does here. 226
up how much?
Uh no data yet. It's too early. Market
just opened. So this is on uh Tuesday.
So Nvidia is up a lot. Is was up 6% on
Monday. And so this is a very very big
deal because it actually is and it
shows. It was a total surprise to
people. That's why Nvidia is my second
largest holding after Tesla. I'm very
bullish on Nvidia. I will probably
double down on Nvidia. I think this
thing goes straight to 300. Maybe not
straight, but it goes to 300 this year
because price earnings ratio is super
low. One of the most undervalued stocks
given the cash flood and now opening
another enormous thing. I'm very bullish
on Nvidia. This is not a small thing
that Yensen announced there. It is
totally complementing their data center
business and I think it's a very very
big deal. So you guys let me know what
you think about it in the comments. You
can watch it also on X what he announced
there. Super exciting. And I do think
this is not just ripping us off and
charging us more for laptops and
desktops. It is something that will
change the way we interact with AI
because now it's free if it's edge
compute. At least the piece we can
outsource. Last comment, by the way,
Apple has to make a move. Apple has to
implement these new chips. In my
opinion, they have no choice. Apple
cannot develop their own chips and
compete with Nvidia on that level.
Nvidia is the king of the castle.
Windows did the right thing and Apple
will have to make a move and adopt the
same thing. And I'm quite sure that will
happen if you want to have a prediction.
And it will be very bullish for Apple
once they announce it. I don't know when
they announce it. It might take a year
because they're always very late to
technology, but it is going to happen.
So, interesting times ahead. Let's see
how this is going to work out and check
in tomorrow. Until then, thank you.