Channel:     futureaza
Title:       YL Expands to 8 Countries, GM Struggles, and Autonomy Gets Wider - Tesla Beat Pod Friday
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWRZlKWbv2k
Published:   2026-04-03 12:09 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-04 05:51 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? Episode 140. Uh we
had Tesla deliveries happen this week.
The delivery report. Uh and a bunch of
other things that we are going to get
into. Uh Brian, tell us what you just
got. Man,
&gt;&gt; got my new toy in the mail yesterday,
the Link 2 Pro, and it is amazing. I can
adjust my background focus a bit. So you
can actually see that I've got itty
bitty Optimus hiding in the tree. He's
been there all along. We just never
knew. Um they sneak up on you. So it's a
really absolutely amazing webcam because
it uh has all these controls. It can
I've turned off the AI stuff so that
when I do this, it doesn't refocus my
zoom and when I move it doesn't uh show
you all my trash. So it's a great
feature.
There is no trash in the Brian
household. Um, but quick shout out to
Insta3. Uh, great portable camera
obviously and you can actually see like
uh Matt, we're going to have to get you
one. But um, you can just see it's like,
you know, we're replacing our $900
cameras for something that's super
portable. So exciting nonetheless. But
with that said, let's get into it. All
right. Uh, number 140. I love the Grom
Imagine, man. you know, one of these
days, you know, Artemis 2 headed to the
moon to circle it and then come back. So
exciting. You know, who knows? Um
hopefully in the near next couple of
decades, this can be a reality, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, I will say Artemis has so much
Outlook that they had two instances of
Outlook running. Good job, Microsoft.
Neither would work. So, that's classic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I heard, wasn't there
some issues with the bathroom at one
point?
&gt;&gt; I did hear something about it. I wasn't
&gt;&gt; the entire screen setup they had and
&gt;&gt; like I saw one comment said it looked
like a like the Astro van minivan
compared to the compared
&gt;&gt; people love their buttons.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it was I was like wow cuz when
you look at SpaceX launches and their
whole I was like it just it looked bad.
you you're stepping back into the 1970s
of of the first moon launch.
&gt;&gt; I was like, what?
&gt;&gt; All right, guys. Um, so the stock
dipped, I would say about 3 or 4% after
the delivery announcement. They did miss
uh I believe overall expectations were
around 370. They delivered I think it
was 358. Uh, but we're going to get into
that. So you h you do have this overall
economic hit uh with the war, but you
know the deliveries missed the estimates
and so you did see a a bit of a dip
there. Um all right. Well, with that
said, let's let's uh Joe, I'm going to
pass the the big news from yesterday.
What happened, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't even I didn't even know
that Tesla still sold cars, but yes. No,
this is what happened. The numbers are
in. It's uh it's pretty bad overall for
for everyone as you can see here like
well first of all you'll notice on the
bottom right from Teslanomics that
nobody's touching Tesla numbers I mean
period like 358,000 BYD was the closest
and they had a year-over-year dip as
well 310,000 then after that it's just
abysmal like really bad
really really bad actually to look at
the number but Brian
I mean, BYD being that far down was a
bit of a surprise. BYD is struggling,
but they've got some tricks up their
sleeves. They've got flash charging,
which is uh ridiculously fast. The kind
of juice you would normally reserve for
say a Tesla semi. They're jamming into a
car successfully. They're already
deployed. Then you've got uh but Tesla's
numbers not good. up year-over-year, but
all the factories were closed Q1 of last
year. Out selling a time when your own
factories are closed, not the biggest
boon uh to be bragging about. It's a
tough time. The economy is difficult.
Rates have been high, stubbornly high.
And uh that means that we've got to do
better to sell more units. Almost like
we need to introduce something new,
perhaps something popular, perhaps
something slightly bigger than a Model
Y. Uh we now see the Y going out in more
markets. That's exciting. Uh and you
know Q1 is always soft. So let's get
some better numbers uh for the rest of
the year and start looking at autonomy.
I'm convinced that when FSD is available
outside the US in additional markets,
there will be some uptick in those
markets. There are only a small
percentage of Tesla owners actually use
FSD, but for those who use it, it is
invaluable. There will be more sales
because of it.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, go for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this um you know, obviously it's
disappointing not hitting the numbers is
only missed by what, 7 8,000 uh units in
deliveries. You know, it's it's funny.
It used to be, you know, four or five
years ago, we didn't really care about
the delivery number. We cared about the
production number. We wanted to see
production increase because we knew the
the demand was constantly increasing.
Unfortunately, the last few years demand
has plateaued, but soon we'll have
another use for, you know, the vehicles
that aren't sold. So, you know, I think
uh another 12 months from now, we'll
want production numbers to be way higher
than deliveries because we'll be putting
those those units into the the robo taxi
fleet. So, we can we can look forward to
that.
you know, when you compare Tesla's
numbers to the, you know, legacy
manufacturers like, you know, Ford and
GM whose numbers are way down, you know,
it does make Tesla look a little better,
but um, you know, companies like Rivian
and Lucid did have, you know, solid
growth, uh, year-over-year. So, you
know, I I think as Tesla uh supporters
and investors, we've we've kind of
become used to demand being flat and and
delivery numbers and production numbers
to be, you know, similar year-over-year,
but that's not really the world I want
to live in. You know, I want to go back
to a place where we're we're growing
production 50% year-over-year. So,
hopefully that starts with this year.
&gt;&gt; Joe, did you have any other thoughts?
Yeah, I think for for me personally um I
you know I think for the past well I
think we've known uh probably for the
past couple years us as people who like
live and breathe Tesla have known that
the company is transitioning into
robotics and so I do think that um you
know it's it's a bummer that they had a
miss um but when I look at the overall
market here um I think you know people
are saying oh Lucid's growing 40% or
something 30% whatever the number
Uh we were just doing some homework uh
just two years ago that you know they
put out uh 13,600
and so you know obviously they it sounds
like last year you know when they did
8,000 or whatever the number was you
know they crashed out even further. So
it's just one of those things where you
know you kind of have to put this in
perspective and look at where Tesla is
against really everything else. If you
look at this chart on the bottom right,
right? I mean, the fact that here they
they sold what 50 50,000 more cars than
BYD, who was technically, I guess, the
number one producer of what is it? BVs
or whatever in the world. So, I think
it's just one of those things where you
kind of have to put this in line with
everything else. And again, when you're
looking at this, this is all electric
vehicles here. Um, where a lot of
companies continue to pull back. I mean,
you see uh here on the top um right uh
for GM Sawyer put out a post on, you
know, what they're doing and you know,
pretty much everything um is down except
maybe the what is it? The optique um
numbers. So, um and then it looks like
the Bright Drop van, but we
&gt;&gt; But Bright Drop was discontinued.
So, that's like that's its final draw.
&gt;&gt; And that's 500 vehicles, too. So, um
it's just one of those things where, you
know, we know Tesla is hyperfocused on
um cyber cab. And really, it's this is a
regulation game, too, guys. This is not
a you know, we we it's really going to
come down to what cities are going to
light up. We know that Austin is it's
just a matter of time before we'll be
able to throw cyber cabs unsupervised in
Austin. And then, you know, they are
hiring a lot of people that are, you
know, training um, you know, and testing
in a lot of cities across America. So,
for me, it's it's going to be a waiting
game to to get those approvals. Um
Tesla, you know, I think it was last
week where they talked about the third
um the third row vehicle, which we know
is potentially coming. Um, I I believe
that the Roadster is going to be
launched. That's more of like a that's
more of like eye candy than anything
else this month at some point. Um and
then you know the semi is going to be
getting ramped. So um and then also too
the robot you know as the SNX dwindle
down and I think they're only selling
through now um just inventory models
which are are moving and um so now it's
just going to become a matter of um them
doing going and transitioning into
selling these robots and and that really
becomes I think the focus is moving
vehicles getting reg regulators to open
up for the cyber cab. um and
unsupervised and then you know getting
these these robots and cyber cabs uh you
know out on the street. That's that's
what kind of is top of mind for me.
Yeah. One last point I'll make is the um
inventory levels were extremely low. I
had two friends who were trying to take
delivery of a a Model Y with the FSD
transfer um before the end of the
quarter and they were not able to get
vehicles uh in time. So, you know, I
think the inventory was down to just
over two weeks. Uh, it should be now
back up to more like 30 days, which is a
much healthier uh days of inventory to
have.
&gt;&gt; I had a similar experience with a friend
who was buying an all-wheel drive Cybert
truck. He wanted to get it before the
transfer. I was able to send out some
messages to Tesla people I know to make
it happen, but it was a struggle for him
to get an inventory all-wheel drive
Cyber Truck. Uh, so it's not even like
he was trying to get the discount one.
&gt;&gt; It's just inventory was tight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's wild. Um, but yeah,
I I'm also starting to see like more and
more friends that I've been talking to
for years about buying Teslas now buying
them as well. So, you know, I've had a,
you know, that two, three, probably like
four or five years ago, I had a huge
wave. Now I'm seeing those people who
literally have waited till like the last
minute jumping into these vehicles now
and and they're they're loving them. So,
um, he just got a I think it was a
standard, um, a standard range, uh,
Model Y, rear wheel drive. Um, so, but
yeah, super exciting either way. All
right. Where's Optimus? Um, um, so there
was a post by Constantinos.
Um, uh, either way, our goal is to get
Optimus to high volume production as
soon as possible. Um, and then you know,
as Elon always says, Optimus is 3 is
walking around, but needs some finishing
touches before it's ready to be shown.
So, yeah. I mean, I think we're we're
seeing this, you know, more and more. Do
we know what factory this is? Is this
Fremont?
&gt;&gt; I can't tell.
&gt;&gt; That looks like that because you can see
on the wall there. That looks like that
uh that um
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it looks like Palto cuz that's
where they had that's where we were
doing the
&gt;&gt; the testing before.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And look at on the top left and
the right of the photo, you can just see
a bunch of them charging.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, um yeah, but yeah, so all that to
say it's, you know, um the shift is
happening and uh you know, exciting to
see Optimus 3 get out.
&gt;&gt; It looks like a void. It looks like a
void in that picture.
It's like a negative space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Why all
&gt;&gt; Japan?
&gt;&gt; Japan and more actually. Japan,
Thailand, Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore,
like Philippines. They are they are
really backing this vehicle like a lot.
You know what I mean? So, where are
these numbers coming from for the
production out of this? Brian,
&gt;&gt; these are being made in Giga Shanghai if
that's what you're asking. All the
markets we've seen official, Australia,
New Zealand, and that list there uh are
all served by Giga Shanghai. We've seen
bodies for it. Uh we've seen testing of
the YIL in Berlin. So, we believe that
is likely to be a place where it expands
to and uh we've seen a body that I am
convinced uh is evidence that the YIL
will also be manufactured in Texas uh
which we need. Uh if there's one thing
people like, it's cars that are slightly
too big for their their needs. So, they
have flexibility. And how do you make a
Model Y sell even better? Well, you make
it a little bigger. So this is uh yeah,
but what we're seeing so far is all
going to be serviced out of Shanghai.
&gt;&gt; Um one one quick question I wanted to
mention. What are what are you guys
seeing because again I know you're you
consume a lot of X obviously you you
know Brian you even did like an 8 hour
marathon on April Fools. But uh what
what are people saying as far as like
even the delivery numbers and even
potentially like as the Y is expanding?
What are you guys hearing on the street?
Well, I mean the there's disappointment
in the numbers. U Matt was right saying
that well it's a you know only a 2%
miss. Yeah, but 2% miss on numbers that
weren't very good to begin with. Um Wall
Street's gotten a lot better at being
accurate on their deliveries. It only
took them 10 years. Good work. Uh so uh
and we don't know which ones were
actually accurate. It's an it's a a
rounded up number. It is a yes. an
amalgamation of best guesses. Um, but
what I'm hearing is a lot of people
understand, people who are inside
following this say, "We get it. This is
not the product of the future. I don't
care how many uh physical mechanical
cash registers IBM is selling if it's
the dawn of the computer era. Times are
changing and what we're looking at is
the autonomy." So, we're in this
unfortunate dip between the two where
we're not seeing the autonomous sales
yet. It's not quite that time, but we
are seeing the dip in full meat driven
cars. Uh, and as full meat myself, I
understand the disappointment.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, did you want to say anything?
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah, nothing really more to add.
You know, it's it's not ideal missing
the numbers and it's not a very
aggressive number. So, you know, I think
uh most people in the Tesla community
would like to see Tesla start
advertising the vehicles. I mean,
there's a reason why most manufacturers
spend between, you know, 500 and $3,000
per vehicle in ads. I don't think Tesla
needs to spend that much, but I think
allocating at least a couple hundred
bucks per vehicle per quarter, per year,
uh could not hurt. And at the very
least, we should try it. you know, Tesla
has um you know, paid for advertising
for solar, for Elon's comp package. Uh I
see Starlink ads all the time. You know,
I see Starlink ads almost as much as I
see like T-Mobile ads. Um you know, if
if advertising works for Starlink,
there's no reason to think it wouldn't
work for Tesla. So, I think it's about
time Tesla actually ran a six-month
experiment in advertising and see if it
leads to more sales.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think also too that Tesla has a
unique opportunity to really continue to
step into like other platforms, right?
Like we just saw them they they got back
on Facebook, but I think this the
following small, but uh Joe, do you
remember how much followers they had
back before they shut it was like 5
million maybe more?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it was a lot, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it was just a disappointment
because it was such an un you know the
problem is X and even Instagram can be
overly saturated. But I feel like
there's a lot of not many companies have
the type of humor that Tesla has. And if
they got on places like Tik Tok um and
you they they really could just bring
the brand organically in front of a lot
of people. Um and it wouldn't it would
literally take them uh lifting their
elbow to do it. and uh literally
nothing. So, I think that there's a lot
of things that they can do without doing
a whole lot, but they kind of have to
get over the fact that, oh, you know,
the car sells itself. It's like they're
getting to a point now where, you know,
uh they need to get into um in front of
people's uh faces that just are not
familiar with the car.
Yeah, this this uh I see this a lot when
I talk to employees that that work there
currently. They are kind of like uh
tunnel vision when it comes to like
work, right? They're really trying to
get the numbers and trying to do their
job and whatever that takes. And so for
them, they don't realize that, you know,
there's things like Tik Tok dick a boom
to business. There are things like, you
know, making better posts on Facebook or
even like Matthew says, like the the
advertising, just something simple, just
something small. They don't see it
because for them, they are focused on
the task at hand and and it's really
wild. I I like I I remember having a
conversation with somebody and I
mentioned something that I mean it's
kind of a a thing now with the with with
Tesla, but it it was something about how
you know what would be great if if uh if
the vehicle had this. Of course it it
has it now, but at that time they were
like never thought about that. It's like
really that's all anybody's talking
about online. But they just don't see
things like that because they are
focused on the task at hand. But more of
if if more of the staff that that is
more outgoing like some of the Ryan like
you know what I mean like some of those
people would be more
and Melissa could advocate for more of
those type of things. I think it could
be a boom for the company. Just like you
said just lifting her elbow just
something small doesn't take a lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In my opinion, like based on this
digital air age that we're in there,
don't don't sell yourself short of not
at least creating enough content to to
get in front of paces faces organically.
Now, then comes the okay, you do that,
then where can you go further, right,
which is the advertising and other
stuff. But Tik Tok alone is one of those
places where it's untapped and there's a
lot of creators on there. I I mean I
can't tell you how many videos I'm
posting and downloading from Tik Tok,
posting it on X so people see it because
there's some great content like that
that that's out there. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; Viv Viv needs to be on on TikTok.
&gt;&gt; Um all right, so with that said, gosh, I
cannot believe this day came. Um 10
years of Model 3 since the launch. Um,
and then 14 years ago, Elon was, you
know, launching the the S. Um, I think
they're going to have like an ending
ceremony, it sounds like. Um, but with
that said, um, you know, these are the
Model S was the uh first like mass
production flagship car that really put
EVs on the map and made it, you know,
pretty much made a car that's better
than the BMW and Mercedes luxury
vehicle. and was like 15 years ahead of
the game and um you know really put EVs
like oh it like it it really brought the
idea that EVs could be a thing that EVs
could be you know not only quick
reliable
um you know luxury obviously and and
really help produce these cheaper
vehicles. So, um, and then really just,
you know, making a computer a car. Like,
I I just don't think people, you know,
realize all of that. And then you had
the Model 3, you know, all the money
that was made from the Model S and X
paved the way for uh research and
development on the Model 3. So, you
know, we are like just it's crazy to see
that um, you know, some of these cars
are are turning these leaves. You know,
&gt;&gt; one thing that was crazy about the Model
S is, it's easy to forget this, but it
was the first real production EV. I
mean, you had the Nissan Leaf, but it
wasn't serious. You had um a lot of
compliance cars that were just kind of
uh jammed together out of parts of
existing cars, not really truly electric
vehicles, just something that had been
electrified.
And it's uh crazy. They're they're never
going to make it. It's a foolish idea.
It hasn't been done in 50 years. They're
going to fail. And the Model 3, we were
still hearing that this is the end for
them. What a crazy gamble. A
mass-roduced, affordable uh sedan that's
all electric. And it wasn't until last
year that the luxury brands had models
that all could beat a 2012 Model S.
That's insane. What do you how do you
screw things up that bad that your 2023
BMW or Mercedes has less range and less
performance than grandpa's Model S? It
just goes to show that while Tesla made
it clear what was the future, uh it took
a very long time for the big dogs to
catch up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember everybody talked about
they could just flip a switch. Go ahead,
Matthew. Yeah, I was going to say, you
know, 10 years ago, the the Model 3
launch, u it was just an incredibly
exciting time. Uh I was at the Belleview
Square Mall, um lining up. I got there
maybe two hours before the store opened.
And by the time the store opened, the
line was um wrapped the entire way
around the inside of the mall on two
floors, like down the stairs. They had
to turn off the escalator so people
could use them to to line up. Um Tesla
actually posted a time lapse a couple
years ago. I need to go back and and
find it. But there was such excitement.
And one thing that happened at the time
is, you know, a lot of my friends would
ask me about Teslas, but they never uh
they never anticipated buying a Model S
because Model S was, you know, 80
$90,000 back then, which is the
equivalent of about 130,000 today. And
you know, most people are spending 30,
$40, $50,000 on a car. Not not that
much. But when they paid the $1,000 to
reserve a Model 3, they started
constantly thinking about uh you know
getting a Tesla earlier. And many people
I know bought a Model S in 2016, 2017,
2018.
And it was double the price of the most
expensive car they'd ever bought. A lot
of them bought used ones um as well,
which was still more expensive than, you
know, like a a new BMW 3 series or
something like that that they might be
might be used to buying. Um, and there
were so many people scheduling test
drives of the Model S in anticipation of
the Model 3. And what really excites me
about the Robo Taxi is when when Robo
Taxi grows, you know, people people
usually just take the cheapest, most
convenient form of transportation. So,
if you open Lift and you open Uber, if
if Lift is $2 cheaper to your
destination, you're going to order a
Lift. You do you do not care uh about
the Uber experience over the Lift
experience. Um, I think the robo taxi
experience is going to be better than
any other ride share or taxi. However,
even if it wasn't better, it only has to
be, you know, $1 cheaper than Uber to
essentially take as much market share as
it wants to take. And when you have
people getting in Model Y or Cyber Cabs,
they're going to start to appreciate
that car a lot more than um, you know, a
typical car that they would get with
Uber. and when it comes time for them to
own a vehicle, they're going to be a lot
more familiar and like that car um a lot
more than anything else on the market.
You you know, one of the biggest sales
tactics for Tesla um was word of mouth.
Obviously, we've seen kind of a change
in the love for Tesla over the last
couple years, you know, we see um you
know, anti- Elon or anti-Tesla bumper
stickers on on people's cars. That has
certainly hurt um word of mouth sales.
So, I think robo taxi growing is going
to create that excitement that we saw 10
years ago when the Model 3 reservations
opened up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What are you guys' um well just to
pick your brain here a little bit you
know what have you felt has been kind of
the whole marketing or not market cuz
you know market but what has been the
whole I guess business model that Tesla
has been pitching for the robo taxi
because I think you know uh at least
here like Austin is obviously very
exciting right because they got
unsupervised but like here in the bay
like that's the thing at least for me
Matthew is like I hope that they don't
just make it a dollar cheaper I hope
they make it significantly cheaper um to
the point where it's like they get
market share, right? Because that's
that's, you know, that's going to be the
hardest thing anyways. If you make it a
dollar or two cheaper, I think they'll
definitely pull people, but again,
you're asking people to download a new
app to obviously input all of their
information. And so I think for me and
even here in the Bay Area, um I try to
take the robo taxi as much as possible,
but it's also gotten to the point where
I don't think they've really scaled it
in the past like four months, which is
fine, right? Because they're not ready
yet. And um that's fine. But when they
do a relaunch, you know, I I hope they
come with their principles that that at
least I felt that they have, you know,
pitched to us, which is cheaper, better
riding, you know, just the full the full
experience, right? Um, that's just my my
hope because I do feel like in a little
bit of ways here in the Bay like the
excitement has kind of died down because
they really haven't done anything much
even scaling it and and it's partially
because of the expansive land here in
the bay but there's always a 20-minute
wait for a robo taxi now and if you're
going long distance they they are the
king when it comes to short distance but
if you have 400 square miles most times
you're going to be driving 20 miles and
the difference in price hasn't and you
know there I'm still going to use it
because you know I'm an investor and um
and community builder here in the you
know for Tesla but it's just like um I'm
hoping that they leverage the things
that they have been talking about.
&gt;&gt; I I don't see it as a problem. I think
what's going to happen is they'll start
nice and high and use the price as a
pressure release valve. Uh the more they
lower the price, the more market share
they take. If they start super cheap,
it's going to cause growing pains, long
wait times, dissatisfaction.
Uh, start with a price that's cheaper
but not crazy and just keep going down.
You know what? We can actually things
are going great. We can add another 50
units on Monday. Great. Monday the price
goes down. Heck, make it Sunday so
people get a head start and it will
build volume from there and then yeah,
you will reach a point. The bottom line
is they can charge less while making
more money because the cars are cheaper.
Even if you're looking at an entire
fleet of Model Y's with no cyber cabs in
the mix, a Model Y is cheaper than any
Whimo uh in terms of the actual cost of
the equipment of the hardware of the
vehicle plus the upfitting. And it's
going to reach a point where if Tesla's
selling just cyber cabs and Whimo is
still paying to have all of their kit
added to a car, we may get to the point
where the cost for Whimo to ship that
vehicle to the upfitter, do the
upfitting, and get it back will cost as
much as the Cyber Cab's wholesale cost
of goods sold, which I expect to be in
the 17 18,000 range. How do you compete
with that if if Tesla's rolling the same
thing out without all those delays,
without the cost of a car? Because it's
cheaper than just your upfit and you
know, well, they don't have as many
people on the app. Look, there's
hundreds of thousands of people who
already have a Tesla app, not the robo
taxi app, but the Tesla app. And if
that's not exciting enough, integrate it
into X and my goodness, do you have a
vast vast market right there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and also there's been
signal, right? We've seen like the the
yard filled with fleet vehicles with the
same uh the same license plate uh as as
the as robo taxis. So, we we know what's
coming. It's just I guess they're maybe
waiting on something. So, and we and
we've seen the the reports of vehicles
that were once like a part of the
supervised fleet are now unsupervised.
So I I think the the signal is there and
whatever Tesla's waiting on there they
are
they are backlogged enough to to swoop
in and and make those make those
changes. So I I I don't see it as being
a problem like Brian says. I think
there's a lot of things that are unknown
especially for us but Tesla always has a
way of
well I didn't expect that and and it
just happened. So, we'll have to wait
and see.
&gt;&gt; Definitely.
That's always the the wait, man. It's
always two weeks. So, here's another two
weeks. Joe, what is this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's soon soonish. So, uh
Elon posted FSD 14.3
is in Tesla employee beta now and will
probably go wide released end of the
week. that that probably is like his uh
famous input because you he just he said
probably so you can't really you can't
really hold him to it. What do what do
you think Brian?
&gt;&gt; I think uh if it's not two weeks it's
definitely by the end of next year. I
feel like I've heard that one or two
times. He's playing the greatest hits.
It's what we all come out to hear. Uh
you can play some new stuff towards the
end. 14.3 as we understand has gone out
to employees. uh that is the final step
before it goes wide. When you're testing
something that was coded with neural
nets end to end, you don't know what's
in the box. You can't say we changed
codes that do this, this, and this.
Let's just test those. Anything could
have changed. The testing becomes more
difficult. And if you see some red
flags, you have to address them. Tesla
has had times in the past where they
skip an entire version. A version goes
out for early testing. Next thing you
know, we're past it. We're on to the
next one. That one's never going to be
released. It had some weird regression.
Um, I've been doing a better job about
letting the car figure out what it wants
to do. And yesterday, it took a really
long route around the grocery store
before going to the grocery store. I
figure, you know, maybe it was uh
lonely, wanted some more time to hang
out. I can't blame it.
&gt;&gt; So, so Matthew, we haven't seen the the
Omar's and the John's that usually get
these early versions, right? uh with it.
So, what does that mean? Does that mean
anything?
&gt;&gt; Well, it either means Tesla has changed
the way they uh release or deploy new
software updates and and they're going
to skip going to the, you know, the
early access people or else Elon is um
kind of mistaken on his timeline because
Ry goes employees, early access, then
general public. Um and each one of those
takes a period of time. So I uh I I
would imagine they're not changing that.
So you know I think the early access
people, you know, people like, you know,
Omar, AI driver, um you know, a lot of
those people who post great content on X
and and YouTube, they'll get it maybe
next week or the week after and then it
might be another couple weeks after
that. So I'm I would be surprised if we
get it in April. Happy to get make a
coffee bet with anybody, but I imagine
we we'll see that in May.
Yeah, they've um you know, we haven't
seen too many FSD updates, I think. Let
me just check mine. Um and I am part of
I have two vehicles a part of early
access. Um so, you know, but yeah, I
have not seen so the the latest one is
14225,
uh which I think came I think it's over
two weeks old now, if not longer. Um but
once they do
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's ancient. But um they
they have actually been quicker with
wider release once the the beta testers
get it. They sometimes will do next day.
So um and then sometimes they'll hold
out a while, but um at least I would say
with the 142s, it's been a little
quicker. Um but no matter what, we're
going to see what is possible. Um, but
again, it's also the 142's been so good
that it's just like every little dot is
just like sure it's probably a little
bit better, but you can't you're getting
to the point where it's hard to tell
now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the dot releases. But that's what
I was saying like so like 143.2.2,
you know what I mean? Or whatever. Like
Matthew was saying, probably for May.
We'll see what happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 143 hopefully.
That is the big thing though is you run
out of uh improvements to get and we've
seen that where early on we'd say,
"Yeah, it's great. It does everything. I
love it." And then the new update comes
out, you're like, "You know what? It
actually stops really smoothly now."
That was something we may not have
noticed that was missing, but it's
great. It's very smooth. When I drive
manually, I try to drive more like FSD.
I know it's better for the comfort of
everyone in the vehicle. And what's
left? Edge cases. The edges of the edge
cases. The navigation's kind of mid at
the moment. Uh but that will presumably
get better. When it does, we'll notice
that. But that's not what I'm waiting
for. If the car can drive with goofy
navigation while I'm not in it, I won't
even know. Uh I want it to be able to
drive without me. Uh or at the very
least while I'm doing something more
important like a show with you fine
folks.
Seriously. Seriously. Well, with that
said, $100 million to Tesla Energy
Australia.
Uh Sawyer posted a new $100 million
Tesla mega pack uh battery energy
storage facility is being built in
Australia. Uh the big battery will help
balance the natural um variability of
solar generation and store and dispatch
enough electricity to power 145,000
homes. So, uh, really, really cool to
see. Um, they're Do you guys I I
actually I think we kind of skipped over
this. Do you guys have anything much to
say? You know, they they missed the
energy side pretty big, right? 8.8
versus like the 144 gawatt hours
expected. Do you guys have any thoughts
or insights into that?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Uh, deployments aren't
counted until they're fully deployed,
until all the permits are in. And when
it comes to your municipality or your
energy authority, you've got a lot of
variables, infinite variables in every
jurisdiction. You can control how many
products you ship out the door. You
don't have as much control over when
they're finally electrified and added to
their to the grid or whatever the final
use may be. You're stuck at the mercy of
the market. And that market, you know,
has anyone ever bragged about how
awesome permits are? I'm not aware of
it. Uh, so what's happening is it's
spinning up the flywheel. If Tesla
Energy stopped shipping forever as of
today, we would still see probably eight
quarters of deployments moving forward
as they finally get out there and
electrified. And when I say there's only
so much you can do to control it, Mega
Blok seeks to address that. Mega Block
takes as many of those permitable items
and moves them inside the housing so
that they are no longer a factor in the
electrification of the final project. As
few steps as we can have for your
municipality or local authority to
approve, the easier it's going to be to
get it switched on. Um, and so they're
they recognize the problem and they're
moving it upstream to something that's
within their control.
Yeah, that that's smart stuff. Uh,
Matthew, do you do you have any insight
on on why Australia is buying up all the
megapix?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so Australia has a couple issues
um or a couple reasons. One is uh they
have they have a lot of sunshine, right?
They generate a lot of solar, so they
they need to charge it. They also import
um you know, most of their fuel and oil.
So um you know they're relying on other
other countries to power their own
country which is not a good um you know
it's just not a good policy. Um
and then uh yeah they're also Australia
you know I actually worked there for a
while. Australia is so spread out like
if you think the US is spread out you
know if you drive drive around Texas you
can see you can drive for hundreds of
miles without seeing it. you know,
that's like Australia outside of, you
know, Sydney and Melbourne and the Gold
Coast and Perth. There's Adelaide. I
guess there's kind of nothing there. So,
you, you know, having that backup um is
important. And then, you know, solar is
such a great uh a great way to power
things. It's free, right? The great
fusion reactor in the sky. So, you need
the batteries to store that.
&gt;&gt; And more to that point, that's all
correct. There's so many countries that
are realizing now, countries that don't
have uh energy resources, natural gas,
oil, are realizing that for every dollar
they send out of the country to purchase
energy, those dollars don't come back.
That's why when I went to Nepal last
year to cover their electrification
story, it's such a big deal for them.
There's no oil in the Himalayas, but
they do have a lot of hydro. So with
that hydro they were able to uh create a
a a huge amount of hydroelect electric
power over a short period of time and
keep the money in the country. So what
happens there is that they've got a
choice. Do we want to send out dollars
to fuel cars at eight bucks a gallon
because you got to truck it in. There's
no good way to get the oil in or do we
want to just use cheap abundant
renewable local hydro? And so we're
seeing a lot of places that are skipping
the petroleum step as much as they can,
going straight to solar or wind or hydro
uh to avoid the massive price
fluctuations that come with any kind of
disruption. War is a good example. Uh
but really to keep the money in inhouse
in the within your borders as much as
possible.
Yeah, I think it's it's one of those
things where especially if they're, you
know, obviously I'd have to do my own
research as far as like do they even
have the ability to pump oil out there.
Uh but if you're headed into this world
where um where AI data centers, you
know, um are going to be a thing and
again I assume Australia is going to
want to be putting in their own if not
already. Um, and you have such a huge
land mass like they're a country that
should be investing and you're seeing
it. I feel like all these deals that I
see Sawyer are posting half the time are
literally just Australia buying like 100
million here, 500 million here and
they're deploying them. Um, and I've
heard, you know, some some of my friends
who are on the energy side, you know,
randomly out in Australia half the time
helping them with these huge
deployments.
Uh but you know, especially if if um as
Matthew was mentioning, if they're
importing a lot of the energy, that's
not sustainable long term, especially
when you're hitting like $100 a gallon.
And um you know, you need to be able to
get some self-sufficiency. And what
happens with the with solar and
batteries, you're able to do that,
right? It's a huge upfront cost. Uh but
it will make you a, you know, self-
sustaining long term.
All right, Joe,
you kind of spilled this a little bit
earlier, but what is this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is what we were talking
about. A former robo taxi ditches its
supervisor and becomes its own
standalone
working unit. So, a robo taxi tracker
here, a previously supervised vehicle in
the Tesla robo taxi fleet was recently
spotted operating unsupervised.
So um the robo taxi tracker is a pretty
good source for this information. Of
course they Ferg had already posted it
but but they are they are monitoring
these license plates and and they are
seeing which ones were supervised and
which ones are no longer supervised. So,
it's it's like I was saying, I think
it's a pretty good signal. And and uh
Josh West and the Legend went out and
they were uh they were able to get some
unsupervised like pretty pretty good
backtoback without like really long wait
times. So, I mean, of course, that's
Austin, but
but hey, there's hope. It's also on
David Moss's account. So, you got to
wonder if they're giving him like a
little bit of like, oh, it's David Moss.
Send him another unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; They just have him going in circles.
&gt;&gt; He's good at it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. This was um this was pretty
cool. Um Joe saw um a cyber cab at the
crash facility, the crash testing
facility. And I think we all knew um
that the cyber cab front didn't have a
frunk, right? It was just pretty much
like the full um you know, all the
computer, the engine, all of that stuff
in the front. Um, but this was, I think,
one of the first views that I think
people have seen um of the cyber cab
engine, whatever you want to call this,
the the front, right? Um, and uh, yeah,
it'll be um, so either way, that that
was a first. So, shout out to Joe for
being the eyes in the sky, as they say.
&gt;&gt; Worth noting that it doesn't have a
traditional hood with big, heavy hinges
uh, that have to be carefully aligned
during installation. Those are quite
fiddly. If you've ever tried to monkey
with a hood, it's it's it's a nightmare.
Uh so those hinges are not just heavy
and a bit expensive and a bit fiddly.
They're just unnecessary. Why use them
at all? That's a that's a service access
panel. It's a mechanical uh area. So
what is it? The engine compartment? Nah,
it's the mechanical. It's the ops and
admin. You don't need to go back there.
It's not for you. Uh Mercedes makes cars
with uh without a hood that opens. Uh
because it's not user serviceable.
There's nothing for you to do up there.
And this is just that. So if you're only
say, well, how much could those hinges
be? How much could that mechanism be?
How much could time could it add to
installation? Look, if it's 50 bucks a
car and you're making a million a year
over 10 years, that's a half a billion
dollars. It adds up pretty quick. Well,
not only that, but as as um Sandy Monroe
used to say, an ounce here and an ounce
there, it all adds up, too. So,
&gt;&gt; you you pay big money to get someone to
drop a couple ounces from a car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so Matthew, what we're looking
at is a smaller compact vehicle and they
size everything down. So, this is why
there's no frunk, right?
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're on mute, Matt.
&gt;&gt; Matthew's muted. What he means to say is
Joe, you're absolutely
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there's no there's no real
reason for the frunk. You know, the the
rear compartment that's lockable and
separately openable is is massive and
can be used for deliveries and all sorts
of things. Uh, you know, those of us
with Model Y's and Model 3s, we use the
frunk a lot less than the the trunk
because it's not powered. You know, in a
Cybert truck, it's powered and it's a
kind of an ideal size. Um, so yeah, it's
not really necessary to to have a frunk
in this type of vehicle. Um, I said it
before, unlike a lot of people in X, I
think the the Cyber Cab is a
purpose-built vehicle, and it's
absolutely the best we've best design
we've seen for a large scale production
uh, ride share vehicle, but it's going
to be a terrible personal vehicle just
for your personal use. So, it doesn't
need to have all these extra things um
like a like a stiff suspension that's
going to allow you to corner quickly or
frunk for storage um or you know,
frankly, uh a steering wheel, right? So,
um you know, spending any kind of extra
money is is silly. You know, I agree
um agree with you guys. I think the cost
to build these over time is going to be
sub $20,000. So any any 50 cents,
dollar, even five cents that you can
remove from production is going to make
it so we can scale these up much faster.
You know, if you if you think about when
um the the apppowered scooters came out,
companies like like Lime would just dump
thousands and thousands and thousands of
scooters in a city. they'd absolutely
flood the market and make it so it's
hard for a competitor to to kind of get
any kind of hold in that city. I think
we'll see similar things with the cyber
cab. You know, if we put 3,000 units in
a in a mid to largesiz city, you know,
it doesn't make sense for Whimo to
deploy 500. Um it's going to be tricky
for them to to get any kind of market
share. Also, we want these vehicles to
replace not only Ubers and lifts and
buses, but we want them to replace
vehicle ownership. You know, it needs to
be cheaper to take a cyber cab than to
take your own vehicle. So, that that's
why we need the cost to be as low as
possible.
&gt;&gt; Repairability plays into that. These are
going to Tes First of all, Tesla's made
these to last a half million miles. BS.
Nobody does that. Why would they?
Because they plan to own them. If you're
going to own it yourself, you're going
to build it right. and Tesla plans to
own as many of them as possible. And the
same comes up with repairability. You've
seen old police cars, old taxis that
have clearly had a ton of body work
done. And that's because they're
uni-body construction. You can't just
pop a panel off and replace it when it
gets banged up. With a cyber cab, you
can. All of it has been considered for
for that. It's been designed from day
one for this application and it shows
exactly.
All right. This I thought was a good
sign um just as we get ready for
um you know for unsupervised uh just
seeing the writer terms for you know um
for the robo taxi go down from I believe
it was at 13 down to to 8. Uh well it
says it right there. Uh riders aged from
8 to 17 must be accompanied by a parent,
legal guardian or other or other
authorized adult for the duration of the
ride. So just just getting really
exciting here to see um you know all
this you know headed for what looks like
a autonomous future. All of the signals
are there. It's just regulation as
always.
Joe uh tell us about Felicia.
Bye, Felicia. Uh, so, so, uh, yeah, this
is, uh, the Delaware judge, Kathleen
McCormack,
uh, just stepped down as the, uh, all of
Elon's court cases. So, that's a, that's
a big thing. She, uh, she phrased it in
a way that, you know, I, I mean, didn't
she didn't recuse herself. She just
decided that she didn't want to work
these cases anymore. was very well
played uh by the judge, but um clearly
she was biased and she's trying to save
face. But I think that makes a lot of
sense. Well, Joe, she's she wasn't
biased. We know because she said, "I am
unbiased." And that's all the proof you
need, apparently. And what did she do
that was so wrong? She only went on
LinkedIn. Nope, that's not the crime.
It's bad enough, but she went on
LinkedIn, uh, saw an article about Elon
losing in court and decided to give it
some love with emoji posting. Honey,
that's not what you do when you're
unbiased. Step down.
&gt;&gt; I I'll just, you know, just to provide a
little bit of support. One thing is a I
I think she is biased. It doesn't really
matter if she is or she isn't. Um, for
what happened here, she can't show that
she has bias. I think tapping the
support on a LinkedIn post. I do agree
with I I do believe that that was
accidental because, you know, maybe she
has some different opinions than I do,
but she is obviously not a stupid
person, right? She's she's a smart
person. She knows the law. She knows
that would not be appropriate or
acceptable. So, um I would imagine she
was just reading the article and using
her phone and, you know, liked it by
accident. You know, this often happens
to me on, you know, Instagram. You know,
I'll I'll watch a couple reels and and
I'll accidentally like them and then
it's like, do I go back and unlike it,
you know? So, I do I do believe her. It
was um incidental or unnecessary. But
the thing is, if she if she shows some
bias, it's going to make it very easy
for e for Elon and Tesla to appeal any
cases. Um so, so she couldn't really
continue. She had to recuse herself. Um,
we also don't know if the next judge is
going to be any better, right? There's a
couple of options or a handful of
options. One of them is probably equally
as biased um as her. So, you know, it's
it's most likely a good thing that she's
left, but it doesn't necessarily mean
Tesla will be in a better position.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, like um I think a lot of
again it's it would be hard to prove on
some of the stuff because again it could
have been a what a fat thumb. But you
know a lot of it too is just really
frustrating to see just lack of
accountability, right? Because for the
past 3 years, this this lady, well, she
she hasn't done Delaware any favors. And
you've seen a mass exodus of companies
leaving Delaware to the point where it's
like that state literally makes all of
their money off of the Delaware courts,
right? And the taxes and all that stuff
that they get from that. Now, what do
you think is going to happen as money,
you know, the taxes aren't being uh
given, right? It's it's the cost of
living. Everything else is going to go
go up. You know, imagine getting a
speeding ticket there. I mean, um, but,
you know, there's just lack of
accountability for some of these
activist judges. And, uh, you know, I'm
glad, at least now things are official,
but I don't even know at this point what
other things she can be involved in as
far as Elon goes in Delaware. Uh, but
still just really frustrating
nonetheless to see, you know, what we
what we've all kind of known about this
judge. Um, but at the end of the day,
she, you know, her and the people of
Delaware are going to find out and, uh,
from the decision that she made, right?
Um, you know, when Elon does something,
people follow. And getting out of
Delaware is one of the things that
people and businesses are doing.
&gt;&gt; You spent a hundred years building your
state's reputation as one of being
friendly to business, and then you let
one judge dismantle it. And and for what
I mean, this is just
unbelievable. But hey, man, uh if that's
what makes you happy, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The fact they didn't fire her or
or Yeah, it was it it became kind of
apparent that they were just like,
&gt;&gt; let the let it fall where it may. And
that was kind of disappointing, I
imagine, for like all the businesses. I
didn't really even before this even
happened, I hadn't even thought about
where businesses like stake their claim
and and all that stuff. So, this was
like this is eye opening for me. And
then to see the like you say that type
of judge and activist and do those type
of things for
a state that this is all they do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Delaware isn't known for anything else
besides George Washington.
It's funny, you know, 15 or so years
ago, I was um doing a startup and we
were receiving help from an accelerator
and they just kind of had a bullet list
of when you're starting your business,
what you should do. It was like 20
things you have to do. And then it said
like if you this is if you don't know
and you don't want to spend any more
time researching. If you want to spend
more time researching, you can change
it. But one of them was incorporate in
Delaware. And it's like if you don't
know where to incorporate, always choose
Delaware. if there's a reason to be
somewhere else, like you have to justify
you have to justify not choosing
Delaware.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and that's that's completely gone.
So, you know, I don't think it's really
hurt their their state tax revenue so so
far. Um but I I you know, we could look
back on this in five or 10 years and and
see if it has had a significant impact
&gt;&gt; buying buying puts on Delaware.
&gt;&gt; Are you saying that they're tradable or
poly market? We'll need some bets on
&gt;&gt; market will definitely do that.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um but yeah, I would agree
exactly with you. I mean, here here's
the thing, right? She wasn't even taking
a stand on something of like integrity
of something that was a good cause. You
know, she was literally this is
something that shareholders voted
multiple times on and she pushed for it
and then she was unrelenting in in um
you know, the just this the whole case.
And that's what I think is going to be
seen as, you know, the end of Delaware
being the the go-to hub as far as where
you incorporate. Now, it's going to
become Nevada, Texas, and some of these
other places that are a lot more
friendly to businesses. Um, and again, I
I I don't get at the end of the day,
like maybe she didn't think, you know,
she didn't realize who, you know, the
type of following and things that the
impact that Elon can have on the state,
but she definitely played some special
games and she she she probably doesn't
care cuz at the end of the day, her
pockets aren't going to be stopped.
she's still going to be getting paid as
you know in as Matthew said in 5 to 10
years when we look back at you know
their their um tax revenue. I mean like
I said I've seen 40 to 50 big businesses
leave right and so it's not this is not
just a hypothetical it has happened
already. So
yep Joe were you gonna say something?
&gt;&gt; No it's just you're right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah wild for what? For what?
&gt;&gt; Right.
And that's the thing is for is for what?
It's not like you get a commission,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; That's just I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Well, Japan is going to
about to get a lot of investments. Um,
and shout out to uh shout out to Japan.
I believe they have like the most ex
users, daily active users or something.
Um but with that said, Elon said uh hey
Japan uh big investment in service and
superchargers coming. Many of the many
parts of um many parts um in Teslas are
made in Japan. Panasonic has been our
biggest strategic supplier over the past
two decades. So, um they're going to be
getting some love and and I love to see
um you know um just more Teslas um and
the Tesla owners of Japan uh there's
going to be a takeover there um in
November. Uh so just going to be seeing
that that group growing there.
&gt;&gt; I would say on Japan that they have uh
you you'll never you'll never be able to
get a foothold in Japan. U they've got
too many domestic brands. Nissan,
Toyota, Honda, Max, uh, Mazda, Isuzu,
Suzuki, Tesla can never breach that
market, but once they did, baby, hold on
to your butts because the demand has
been unexpected.
So, this is very exciting to see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely.
Dro growth scene.
Yeah, superchargers are growing. Tesla
supercharger energy delivered is growing
exponentially like that's and that's a
pretty good chart. I know the energy was
down but the superchargers are they are
they are cranking. I remember I remember
the horror that befall everybody when
they when they got rid of the
supercharging team and hasn't been a
problem.
&gt;&gt; That was that was still a mistake. Elon
recognized it and rehired as many of
them as he could. Uh we we shouldn't try
and sugarcoat that. But the beauty here
that we're seeing is that it's open now
to all the brands. Stellantis being the
last hold out. And if you're charging a
vehicle that is not a Tesla, you are
paying a slightly higher rate or a
monthly membership fee. That money goes
back to either shareholders, but really
it goes back into expanding and
improving the Supercharger network.
Overall, the V4 cabinets are going out,
which support higher voltage, meaning if
you have a a Lucid or a TYON, you can
charge them uh closer to their actual
maximum speeds, if not at the actual
maximum speeds. So, you're not stuck on
a D-rated kind of charger, and you're
certainly not stuck at like a a Blink or
a Iona charger that might not have the
capacity at all in the first place. This
is just good for everyone.
Facts.
&gt;&gt; Facts. All right. Well, with that said,
um Joe was just uh talking the majority
of the time and the hour flew by. Um but
with that said, I just wanted to make uh
you aware of two events that are coming
up. Uh big ones. The uh Tesla owners of
Michigan is throwing on the summer
meetup in in Michigan. So, go check that
out. Um, it's I believe June 5th
simultaneously across the globe. Uh, we
will be having a Tesla takeover in
Salsburg, Austria. Um, so if you can
make that, we would love to see you
guys. That one that one could be a big
one this year, man. I think, you know,
there's potential to hit 2,000 people
there. Um, as we know, Europeans love to
vacation and travel. So, um, if you can,
yeah, check those events out. Um, but
with that said, you know, please give uh
Matthew and Brian and and the legend a
follow. Um, and you know, uh we will
catch you guys all next week. Um, and
thanks again for for following along.
Have a good week, everyone.
&gt;&gt; See you guys.
All right.