Channel:     electrified
Title:       SpaceX Wins Massive Contracts & Tesla Merger Hits New Milestone ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT2Yn6sqQvE
Published:   2026-05-26 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-27 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Once again, if today's
video feels a bit compressed, it's
because today is my 8-year wedding
anniversary. So, I want to get done a
bit early to spend some time with my
wife.
&gt;&gt; Welcome back. As we gear up for the
SpaceX IPO next month, what are the odds
of a SpaceX merger with Tesla? Sema Modi
has that story for us. Are people
talking about this, Sema?
&gt;&gt; They certainly are, Sarah. What we
learned is that Elon Musk has engaged in
thought experiments around folding Tesla
into SpaceX's ecosystem given the
synergistic opportunities. That's
according to people directly familiar
with the matter who spoke to myself and
digital reporter Laura Coldney.
&gt;&gt; And I cut the video off there for a
reason because their reporting on this
topic was a joke. They got things wrong.
It's not even worth talking about. But
if there's a signal here, and I think
there might be, it's that people are now
starting to talk about Elon's plans for
Tesla and SpaceX publicly, even if
anonymously for now. As I keep saying,
with each passing week, it feels like
all of these breadcrumbs and clues over
the past few months have been to slowly
warm the public up for what Elon might
be planning. And the prediction markets
like Khi are listening. Today, they said
it's now a 70% chance Tesla and SpaceX
will merge within the next year. But the
only reason I'm sharing this is to warn
you of how these prediction markets
work. If you go to the actual listing on
call sheet for when Tesla and SpaceX
will merge, you'll see before three
different dates, and all of them at the
time of recording are at 44% chance or
below. And the line for before April 1st
did indeed reach over 70%, but that was
about 2 weeks ago. And further, you
won't see that spike to 70% on the chart
from today. That's because these are
real-time prediction markets that are
only landing where they are because of
how people are trading these contracts.
So to be very clear, this is not Kshi
deciding to set its own odds like a
sports book would. Khi is a peer-to-peer
prediction market. So these odds
literally just fall wherever the market
is made based on what traders are
willing to buy and sell at. So, anytime
you see a post from Kshi, just know
those odds can change rapidly and they
can be very volatile based on the news.
But the current real-time odds as of
recording for a merger before May 1st
sit at 44%. But today, the generational
run for Starlink continues as they
announced a new deal with American
Airlines. American will install Starlink
on more than 500 narrowbody aircraft
starting Q1 2027. They said Starlink
will enable seamless streaming,
browsing, and real-time communication
capabilities across American's domestic
and short hall international routes. And
American will be updating more than 500
Airbus aircraft, including the A321 XLR
and the A321 Neo deliveries. For
Starlink, that's now approaching 40
airline customers. And Starlink's
already deployed on roughly,00 aircraft.
And right now, the biggest airline
dragging its feet has been Delta. Delta
instead has chosen to work with Amazon
for its LEO and project Kyper, but that
installation isn't set to begin until
2028. I still think most people will
choose their flights based on the best
time availability, avoiding layovers
where possible, and of course, the
price. But if there's a tiebreaker, I'm
pretty sure most people would choose the
option that has in-flight Wi-Fi and
reliably at that. And new industry
research is showing that Starlink speeds
are up 45% in Europe. Starlink's median
download speed across all 27 countries
rose from 114 megabits per second in Q1
last year up to nearly 166 megabits per
second in Q1 this year. And the download
speeds improved in 26 of the 27 markets.
And further, there's been atrocious
reporting on the Starlink situation with
the Pentagon. people saying that the
Pentagon used the Starlink system for
military purposes in violation of its
terms of service. Numerous times Elon
denied that, saying, "No, not the
Pentagon. It's actually the company that
did it." Elon said the Reuters article
was false. They made improper use of the
Starlink civilian system for military
purposes, direct violation of the TOS.
Elon said there's a US government arm of
SpaceX called Star Shield, which has a
different set of satellites than
Starlink, which is for civilian use. the
company that makes the suicide drones
incorrectly use the civilian system
instead of the star shield. If you
haven't been following along, this whole
situation really stems from how Starlink
was being used for the military
operations for the war with Iran. And
the consumer version of Starlink cannot
be used for weapons systems or offensive
military operations. But the company in
question that Elon is referring to is
Spectre Works, which is a US-based
Arizona defense company. and they
developed and manufactured these
kamicazi drones. And that's the company
that used the consumer version of
Starlink for military operations, which
was a breach of contract. If any of you
guys are still typing your emails or
you're typing in any of the apps that
you use, I just cannot let you live your
life like that any longer. This is how
you need to be doing it in 2026.
Hey, Miguel, before you come up Friday,
I mean, sorry, Thursday, can you bring
my speaker, my golf shoes, my Tesla
blanket, and the SpaceX rocket that Elon
signed for me? I can't wait to see you.
It really has been way too long. I'll
see you around 1:00. Oh, wait. Um
H I'll see you around 2:30. See you
soon, Brose Stallin. Boom. Look at that.
And that's all thanks to Whisperflow,
the sponsor of this video, that I am
over the moon about because I've been
using this for months. First try, it
gets the name right. It removes my
error. It removes my um and hm and all
of those filler words. And it was smart
enough to only include the correct time.
So, it writes not just what I said, but
what I meant. And if you're like me and
have weird nicknames for your friends
and family, you can add those into the
custom dictionary. So Whisper Flow
learns your lingo. And Whisper Flow is
far superior to built-in dictation
because again, it corrects your errors.
Here's the built-in dictation. I want
all of the most pertinent Elon Musk news
for the past month. Actually, no, sorry.
I meant to say for the past 48 hours. So
that's standard dictation. and it leaves
the error in there and your prompt is
going to be subpar because the context
is not as clear. And here's the same
sentence with whisperflow. I want all of
the most pertinent Elon Musk news for
the past month. Actually, no, sorry. I
meant to say for the past 48 hours.
Boom. Did you see how fast that was?
Lightning fast. And it's perfect. Remove
the error and says what I meant. I'm
telling you, this has saved me so much
time and I enjoy the process so much
more. But here's an example. I have a
paragraph on my laptop that I'm going to
time myself typing to see how long it
takes. Ready, set, go.
Okay. 1 minute and 2 seconds for that
paragraph right there. Now, I'm going to
speak that same paragraph directly into
Google Docs with Whisper Flow
seamlessly. Go. I need a detailed
research report on
boom. I have the exact same prompt in
less than half the time with better
formatting. And first try, it got
electric right and the name Fred Lambert
all perfectly. But this right here might
be my favorite feature. So I live in a
small house. Love it, but it's very
small. My wife goes to bed much earlier
than I do. So at night when I want to
dictate, I want to be quiet. I can
literally whisper and it will pick it
up. Now I'm in my text messages. By the
way, don't forget to send Iola Hughes
from Benchmark Mineral Intelligence a
thank you note for coming on the
channel. Guys, look at that. Come on.
Just whispering. And note how this is
now not formatted. That's because when I
send text messages, I use no formatting.
And I can set that as a setting in
WhisperFlow. So depending on whatever
app I'm using it in, it'll have the
formatting I want. And guys, what do you
know? It got Iola Hugh's name perfectly
the first time with nothing added to the
dictionary. And check this out. I have
this super long prompt that I generated
with Grock that I reuse all the time for
my health history. So I'll copy all of
that. Then I open Whisper Flow and go to
snippets, add a new one. I'll paste that
super long prompt and then create the
snippet. I'll call it the Grock health
prompt and add snippet. And so now I'm
on Perplexity computer and I can just
say Grock health prompt.
And less than a second later, it seems
like that entire prompt is now pasted in
the chat. But Dylan, what about mobile?
Oh boy, am I glad you asked. Click one
button, pulls it up again. You can start
the flow or you can choose your tone.
Formal, casual, very casual, excited. I
go very casual. Click start flow. Hey,
just wanted to show the audience how
sick this Whisper Flow is. So, I'm gonna
tell you a few things that I need while
you're at Wegman. So, can you get
blueberries, dates, my avocado chips, uh
some milk, some more eggs, and something
something chocolate cuz I'm pretty
hungry. Actually, you know what?
No, forget the dates. I want
strawberries instead. All right. I love
you. See you soon. And boom. There you
go. Exactly how I like it. No formatting
whatsoever.
You just can't beat this. It's so cool.
I mean, it's crazy. It literally removed
the dates, didn't have dates on the list
at all, so my wife's not confused.
Replaced it with strawberries. Spelled
everything perfectly. Beautiful. So, if
you want to check it out, you can use my
link in the description below and use
code electrified to get 1 month of
Whisper Flow Pro for free. And thank you
as always for supporting the channel.
I'm very confident you guys are going to
love this one. And separately today,
Philip Johnston from StarCloud said,
"I'm super excited to share we've signed
a contract with SpaceX and Starlink to
integrate its mini laser terminals onto
our satellites for high bandwidth, low
latency connectivity." StarCloud said
its satellites will carry two Starlink
mini laser terminals, and the first
hardware is expected on orbit within one
year. StarCloud was recently founded
back in 2024 and has already been valued
north of a billion dollars. And November
of last year, StarCloud launched an
Nvidia H100 into space via a SpaceX ride
share. StarCloud 1 was a demo, but
they're already touting StarCloud 2,
which will feature a GPU cluster,
persistent storage, 24/7 access, and
proprietary thermal and power systems in
a small SAT form factor. It'll be fully
operational in sun synchronous orbit by
2027. StarCloud said Star Link many
laser terminals provide up to 25 Gbits
per second of continuous interatellite
connectivity at distances up to 4,000 km
and are capable of higher link speeds at
shorter distances. The terminals enable
direct optical links between StarCloud
satellites and the Starlink
constellation using laser light,
eliminating the need for StarCloud to
send data directly through bandwidth
constrained ground stations. So, in
short, again, for those that haven't
been following the space, these lasers
allow the satellites to talk to each
other directly in space, even if they're
up to 2500 miles apart. And that
communication using laser beams is way
faster than going the traditional radio
signal route. So, StarCloud satellites
can talk to each other directly in space
without having to send that signal and
data to the ground first, where things
can often get congested. And today the
word is that Starlink and Amazon's
Project Kyper might be able to acquire
some European mobile satellite spectrum
next year. But 2/3 of that satellite
spectrum would be reserved for European
companies. US companies Viasat and
Echoar hold licenses that are set to
expire in May 2027. And the reason this
news is important is because the bands
in question are one of the few that are
capable of direct to cell or direct to
mobile aka connecting cell phones
directly to these satellites without any
dish intermediary. This for things like
texting and calls and even data in
remote or no coverage areas. So it
sounds like Starlink now has a realistic
path to acquire some of that spectrum as
soon as next year. Also today we got
news the Space Force has awarded a just
under $2.3 billion firm fixedpric
agreement to SpaceX for this SDN
backbone which is the space data network
which acts as a core communications
layer for the US Space Force warf
fighting systems ensuring our sensors
and shooters are connected continuously
globally and securely. This award will
enhance the network with an expanded
optically interconnected mesh of
satellites delivering worldwide tactical
communications and broadband
communication services. This agreement
requires the vendor to deliver a fully
operational prototype capability by the
end of 2027. And so far, SpaceX is the
sole provider of this SDN backbone using
its Star Shield technology, which is
basically the encrypted version of
Starlink using these inter satellite
lasers. Plain and simple, this is a
multi-billion dollar, multi-year,
long-term agreement for SpaceX to deploy
and operate a core piece of the US
military's space infrastructure. And if
you didn't know, SpaceX already
dominates the US national security
launches and now it's transitioning to
be central to the data connection layer
that everything else is going to operate
on. So this really is huge news for
SpaceX and is cementing the company as
one of the most crucial pieces of the US
defense efforts for years to come. And
yesterday, responding to Pierre Farrau,
Elon said, "I will present a more
detailed AI satellite design in a few
weeks." So, if you cannot tell, the
space race is as hot as it's ever been.
And whether we like it or not, this all
has big implications for Tesla's
long-term future, even if there is no
merger. The Amanda said Elon doesn't
need to run the best AI model. He needs
to control the best hardware. Nvidia is
the most valuable company on Earth, and
their models aren't the most popular.
the hyperscaler play works. To which
Elon said, "What you say is true, but
nonetheless, our AI will be great.
Whether it's the best remains to be
seen, but I will never give up. Never.
SpaceX AI is only 3 years old. That's
half the age of anthropic and a quarter
the age of open AI. Let's see where
things stand 3 years from now." SpaceX
had achieved nothing of note after 3
years and was written off as dead after
six years with three consecutive launch
failures. But you may have noticed that
things are different now. And today we
have a new granted patent from Tesla.
This one featuring a new lens cleaning
system. This system includes a camera, a
fluid dispenser, a wiper, and a
controller. And the controller can
determine based on image quality that
debris is on the lens. And in response,
the controller can trigger the fluid
dispensing assembly to dispense liquid
onto the lens and activate the wiper
assembly to remove the debris from the
lens. And many of us who live in snowy,
salty, dirty climates have been thinking
about this solution for a long time.
Because yes, for unsupervised autonomy
in our regions, something like this will
be required. And with this patent,
rather than needing a human to operate
the wipers, the camera will be able to
recognize if it needs a wipe on its own.
Now, of course, given Tesla's
performance with auto wipers to date, I
understand there will be skepticism out
there, but perhaps this is something
that maybe we see with AI 4.5 that Elon
said might be coming next year. And the
camera lens itself is spherical, so this
wiper blade will of course have to
contour around that sphere. So, this
would add a motorized wiper blade after
the spraying of the liquid like Tesla
has in its current robo taxi cameras.
And Optimus is not named anywhere in
this patent, but it's certainly
something to watch for an Optimus
deployment as well. I will have the full
patent linked below. Mario Nefal, one of
the worst accounts on X, said Tesla
quietly filed a patent that could cut
battery production costs by nearly half.
But today Elon corrected him saying it
will not cut battery costs in half but
it will significantly reduce the cost of
battery cathode production and they were
likely talking about Tesla's full DBE
patent for the cathode. And we covered
that pretty significantly at the time.
So no need to rehash. But I would add to
Elon's comment that it will also
expedite the production of those 4680s
because that DVE breakthrough for the
cathode makes production of said
cathodes much faster. Tesla has expanded
access to its supercharger network in
China by allowing non-Tesla EV owners to
buy prepaid charging passes through
WeChat. The passes can be activated
through WeChat and used at participating
V3 and V4 supercharger stations across
China. And as we know, Tesla began
gradually opening portions of the
network to other EV brands over the past
few years. Beyond direct charging
revenue, this prepaid structure
generates immediate cash flow before
electricity is even delivered. And this
option is likely to improve utilization
rates for charging assets that may
otherwise sit partially idle during off-
peak periods. The trial pass is about
$12 for 50 kwatt hours and the enjoy
pass is $88 for 400 kwatt hours. So the
enjoy pass is about 22 cents per
kilowatt hour and the trial pass is 23
cents. On the Ride the Lightning
podcast, Lars did say that the Roadster
will be built at Giga Texas. And he said
you'll start to see a lot of things
unfold in the next months, but it sounds
like the unveil event will not take
place in May. But it's May 26th today,
so anybody that was still expecting to
see it in May is just a bit lost in the
sauce. Today, Volvo Cars is making
public charging more convenient in
Europe and AP pack by expanding access
to Tesla Supercharging. Starting in Q4
this year, Volvo owners will be able to
use Volvo's app to charge their EVs at
more than 20,000 Tesla Supercharger
stations across Europe. And this will
cover 29 European countries. And Volvo
is planning to transition selected
models to the Knack in key AP pack
markets, namely Japan and South Korea,
by 2029. Sawyer said he can confirm
Tesla has officially started assigning
VINs to people who ordered the $59,000
Cybertruck dual motor all-wheel drive,
which means first delivery should start
in the coming weeks. The Cyber Cab
Spotter said many more tandem Cyber Cab
sightings today, and they all appear to
be equipped with Starlink. So clearly
that was not just a one-off. SC Robinson
shared some new footage of cyber cabs in
Houston. And from this angle, you can
clearly see 14 cyber cabs on site in
Houston. The former longtime chairman of
Ferrari just said this about their EV
reveal. If I said what I really think,
I'd harm Ferrari. We're risking the
destruction of a myth. I'm very sorry
about that. I hope they at least remove
that prancing horse from that car.
Personally, I have to admit I think the
design of this car is hideous. But
that's not even the worst thing about
this vehicle, which is actually the
specs. At a price point of around
$640,000,
this is embarrassing for Ferrari in my
opinion, and they very clearly do not
want to sell this vehicle, and I'm quite
confident that by 2028, this vehicle
will already be discontinued. And
they'll come out and give the reason
that our customers just didn't want an
electric vehicle. But no, that's not the
case. It's just that no one wants 2012
technology at a $640,000
price point with atrocious design. And
sure, that's subjective, but I'm
certainly not the only one with that
opinion. Today, Voltera and Revel have
announced they have a new definitive
agreement to combine their businesses,
creating a next-gen infrastructure
platform focused on building, owning,
and operating fast charging networks
purpose-built for autonomous vehicles,
electric fleets, and ride hail
deployment in dense urban markets. So,
these will likely not be opened for
public charging, but specifically for
fleets and autonomy. The combined
platform is expected to include more
than a thousand charging stalls
operational and under development across
11 major US metro markets. When the
transaction closes, the combined company
will operate under the Voltera name, and
the combined company will align market
selection, site design, and deployment
timing with the needs of fleet and
autonomous vehicle customers. So, I'm
not sure Tesla would route its robo
taxis away from superchargers, but for
all of the other companies pursuing
autonomy, this could be a viable
solution for them. And Figure just
announced it's signing a commercial
agreement with Catalyst brands to deploy
humanoid robots at scale. Catalyst
operates iconic brands including JC
Penney, Aeroposttol, and Brooks
Brothers. Figure will start initial
deployment in Reno, Nevada. The bots
will be deployed into their distribution
and logistics network. Figure said by
automating routine repetitive tasks were
enabling associates to shift toward
higher value work. As you would expect,
the announcement has been very short on
any type of detail. But JC Penneyy's
press release did say figures humanoids
will first focus on aiding associates in
the facility's Joey Pouch sorting system
sequencing, a state-of-the-art
computerized induction sorting and
packing system. But sadly, I cannot find
anything about pricing or timelines or
the scale of this partnership. And Tesla
charging said the first supercharger is
now live in Colombia, specifically in
Bogotaa as always with a pretty slick
launch design. Tesla stock closed the
day at $43359,
up 1.78%
while the NDX was up 1.76%.
The volume was 25% below the average.
Don't forget, check out Whisper Flow
linked below. I'm telling you, the days
of typing should be over. Hope you all
have a wonderful day and a huge thank
you to all of my Patreon supporters.