Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Stock is DROPPING Today
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f103SZe-W0
Published:   2026-09-09 20:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-09 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

X after a whole week and even more than
a week after 10 days of Cyber Cap and
Tesla craze that we had to cover here as
the most important thing in AI that
happened over the last 10 days. It is
time to put our views shift our views a
little bit away from Tesla at least for
one day. Not much happening with Tesla,
by the way. And we have to watch SpaceX
because I told everyone on Sunday that
I'm out of SpaceX, completely out of
SpaceX because I was concerned about an
event that happened today. And it turns
out when we look at the stock that I was
right about this event and that event,
people have forgotten about these
events. There are more of them coming
up. They will be very decisive in
understanding the stock and the stock
behavior in a way that is very rare in
the market that we get such an easy take
on a stock and we have to understand it.
We have to understand what is the
problem here. Why is SpaceX dropping
when all this good news is potentially
coming out and it's dropping of course
much more than the market. The market
was down a little bit. We can check it
out here. You see that the US the NASDAQ
was down 64%. the S&amp;P down half 8% and
the Dow Jones 77%. There's oil, there's
Iran, there's bonds, the usual stuff.
Even though the market is chilling out a
little bit on the rate hike, I don't
know what the latest prediction markets
say, but I think there will be no hike
and a lot of people think that for many
reasons, so that will be good. But
SpaceX is down. And why is that?
especially given all the good news that
we know SpaceX is experiencing. Right
now, we have the latest flight coming
up. As you can see on Pioneer Lands, by
the way, we have all the new trackers
up, the Roboaxi tracker. Some people say
it's 43. We think it's 41 right now. But
below here, you see the space
watch. You see the space watch.
Uh, and that tells you when the next
Starship flight actually is. And you
know, Starship's very important. Uh, in
six days on September 15th, we have
flight number 14 coming up for uh,
Starship and that will be very important
and we are always tracking this. This is
an important event. I don't like to hold
the stock through these events because
there's more downside than upside in my
opinion.
But SpaceX is making great progress. We
are also seeing in addition to that not
seeing it. We know that in September
very likely if you ask me we will see
announcements of new compute deals maybe
in October but at some point and these
compute deals will boost boost revenue
and margins for SpaceX like crazy. So I
think these are very positive catalysts.
And then finally, of course, we have
also on Saturday, this Saturday, Grock
4.7 coming up, which will be a
tremendous push forward in the Frontier
Lab race. Grog 4.7 is coming Saturday,
September 12th. That is only two days
away, three days. Uh, and that's going
to be a very, very big deal. It's going
to be a 2.1 trillion parameter model. Of
course, we have Astra out. people debate
if Fable is better or Astra uh but I
think Grock 4.7 there is no doubt the
thing will be amazing and complement and
be fully embedded in Grock bot Grock bot
the latest agentic system of SpaceX
totally making news getting tremendous
uptake and people are saying this is a
gamecher it's the easiest agentic system
ever in case you don't know about
Grockbot you should definitely look this
thing up I can show you some things
here. Grockbot, an absolutely
revolutionary thing. So, here the
Grockbot, here's the marketplace where
you can get all these little Grock bots.
They are kind of employees you put into
the Grockbot interface. You can just
install this. You see it here. uh you
can install this thing on your desktop
and it does all the magic things and it
has tremendous uptake and that is all
based on Grock 4.6. So you can imagine
what happens to Grockbot when this comes
out and all these things are so so
bullish. So what is happening with
SpaceX and why did I know it's falling
and what will happen tomorrow?
Well, very easy and sometimes people get
carried away by all the good news. We
have this here. I listed it for you
guys. We have the share unlock calendar.
And if you're into fundamentals and you
like rockets, you like frontier AI, you
like all the amazing things that are so
fun to talk about, maybe you're very
bored by these stock mechanics. But if
you're into money and if you're into
pioneer alpha, you want to generate
alpha over the market as we do all the
time. Not all the time. I need to be
cautious now that we institutional. Uh,
of course sometimes we lose money. Of
course sometimes we underperform the
market but often more often than not and
historically we are outperforming of
course Tesla and we will soon outperform
SpaceX once we have enough time and we
do so but with themselves
by doing trades and understanding what's
happening.
As you can remember, I told everyone
that August 6 will be a giant share
unlock of 912 uh 911 million shares
which increases the float of all shares
by 143%. So this was absolutely massive.
The stock did not drop. The stock went
up actually when that happened around
that happening. But why?
So share unlocks means there are all
these new shares held by employees and
investors that are locked up right now
after IPO. They are not allowed to trade
them. And at these dates they're
becoming they're coming online. Okay.
And when these shares come online, you
have to understand even the most bullish
people who hold these shares will sell a
bunch of these shares because they have
to diversify themselves. Imagine you're
an employee of SpaceX. You have maybe
you make 200,000 a year. You have saved
200,000 but you have 5 million in
shares. You're a wealth adviser. And
everyone is going to say, "Dude, you
have 200,000 saved in your portfolio.
You have 5 million in SpaceX shares in a
singular exposed stock. you need to
diversify and sell 20% 30% 50%. Even if
you're the most bullish person in the
world because that's not sane what
you're doing. Of course, that's
debatable, but that's what wealth
advisors say and people will listen. So,
every time something like this unlocks,
a certain percentage of shares will be
sold very quickly because it's purely
diversification.
So if 319 million shares come online as
a rule of thumb everyone is very bullish
on SpaceX. So there will be not big
sales but I estimate roughly 20% roughly
speaking are being sold automatically.
My best guess 20 25% will be sold
automatically regardless what with one
exception.
One exception that we know from
interviews from talking to people who
are people like that
even if a lot of shares come online but
the stock is under 135 bucks under IPO
price. It seems people really don't want
to sell this thing.
But above 135 and 135 is very important
psychologically because that is the IPO
price. We know if the stock is over 135,
people will sell their shares.
And that is exactly what happened today.
Because when you look at that calendar
here that I created for you guys, today
we had 319 million shares coming online.
That adds 17% to the float. More
importantly, if you do the math, you're
talking about I would say between 20 and
30%, so let's say 30, let's say 80
million shares. 80 million shares want
to be sold potentially today.
And as I explained before, if you have a
giant insane unlock like this 143, that
will create a ceiling selling pressure
around 135 back then for quite a while
because you need to take all these
shares, take 20% of the shares or 200
million shares, they need to be sold
into the open market. And unless they're
all sold at 135 to 140, the stock cannot
go up. it is stuck because regardless
how bullish you are, you need to burn
through all the sales orders, all the
selling orders.
That happened again 20th when we
actually above 135 and I played this
very well because we had a beautiful
situation where I knew the stock wants
to go up. I knew the stock cannot go up.
So you can sell short puts for a very
long time, very stable, without taking
too much risk, always at the strike
price. I I used 341 340 and that worked
like a charm.
So today I'm cautious by the way. You
might think, "Oh Joe, if you're so sure
there is a ceiling, why don't you sell
short calls? Why don't you short the
stock or sell short calls and make
money?" Short calls are basically
covered calls without the cover, naked
short calls.
And I tell people, dudes, I know there
are selling pressure. there's these
ceilings and we can sell uh but we don't
know when these good news come in and
it's pure simple math.
If you have 319 million shares unlocked,
20% of that being sold or 25, let's say
80 million shares.
If SpaceX announced the same day,
surprise, we made another $20 billion in
margin this year because we have a new
compute deal. This the buying pressure
will overwhelm the selling pressure and
you're screwed if you have naked short
calls. That is why I really don't like I
really don't like short calls on Tesla
or short calls on SpaceX in these
situations because it can get burnt very
badly.
So when I short these stocks or try to
short calls, I'm very cautious. I only
do it after crazy runups where it's
clear we are building a top. Then you
can do some short calls. Otherwise, I'm
staying out of that business. But what I
can do here is I can assess when is that
selling pressure going to be over.
Today we had a very high volume day
indicating that there is a lot of sales
going on from these you know average
volume is 100 million which is a very
high average volume because spacing is
very active stock. So today we were
above that volume for no good reason
other than that reason and so we know
well today we have at least sold 40
million maybe even 60 million shares of
these unlocks. That's what I think. So
if you have 80 million to go, we are
halfway through. We will probably have
another day, maybe another two days of
the stock not going up much without news
of course.
But that means on Friday
if I don't see this dropping much more
and if you see another high volume day
we are burning through this whole
situation
and that means this initial selling
pressure
is over here can look at the stock if
this continues right if we don't drop
much more if we stop dropping at the
minute we stop dropping I think we're
getting very close of being burnt
through all these share unlocks and that
means we can get bullish again not now
but let's see what happens on Thursday
and Friday I think by end of the week we
might be done and if we are done I will
get back into this stock
if the market allows it if the macro
situation remains stable which I think
it probably will and it's time to write
that baby up again in an ideal situation
we are getting close to 140
But that's just wishful thinking from my
side. I can't guarantee that. But I do
think we have another day or so where we
can't go up.
Maybe another two days where we can't
really go up. But by Friday, I think we
are mostly through the selling pressure.
And if this stabilizes, it's probably
time to get back into the stock. So
SpaceX very different from Tesla. I
treat very tactically because of these
analogs because above 135 I think they
will create problems and we can play
them like a fiddle like a little fiddle.
So
that is my take on SpaceX. Time to take
a breather from all the crazy news, all
the crazy cyber cap news. It's good to
focus on another stock for now. Let's
get to the comments and see what you
guys are thinking. If anyone is playing
SpaceX, I have a lot of fun. I made much
more money than I expected over the past
few weeks on SpaceX.
Much more than expected. I went pretty
heavy on this thing because I was pretty
sure about my thesis where I got very
long through short puts
at the four 140 range because I knew,
you know, September 9th is far away.
Well, now it's today and I nicely got
out of all these trades before today and
I think I will get back in if everything
looks fine on Friday. Maybe we should do
another video on Friday on SpaceX. It's
very nice to make money like this by the
way and my bets are not small, you know,
because I don't do a lot of these
things. I have a very cleareyed focus on
SpaceX and Tesla, Nvidia and Micron
right now. I'm staying out of the rest
micro strategy a little bit, but I'm not
playing micro strategy a lot. I'm just
in it. Robin Hood, same thing. I'm in
it. I don't trade these things. I have
much less insight into micro strategy
and Bitcoin. I do not speculate
tactically on Bitcoin. That's too
difficult. Strategically, yes, three
months, six months perspectives are
possible. But these very tactical things
that make a lot of money, I focus on
SpaceX and Tesla mostly.
and it works like a charm. That's how
you generate some alpha.
So, let's go to the comments and see
what you guys think.
Uh, I know everyone's Tesla obsessed,
but you have sometimes to take a little
break and look at other things,
especially if they make money like this.
And uh, see what you guys think.
Let's close this. Where is my comment
section?
comment section
here.
Okay, let's go here. Leonardo, hello
from California. Spacics is down from
unlock today. Exactly.
Gree, hi from Southwest Missouri.
Beautiful. Greetings back to southwest
Missouri. Quella, hi Joe. This is not a
weird coincidence that registration are
kept at 420 classic musk and 45.
Well, we'll see about this. This is a
cyber cap joke. And we have Kevin, good
morning from Melbourne, Australia. We
have Australia. We have Missouri. We
have California.
The whole world is watching. We have
seen
uh Leonardo. If everything goes right in
flight 14, stock will pop. But that
probability of everything going perfect
is very low. Well, I think the upside is
much more limited than the downside. If
anything goes wrong, it's going to be
very bad for the stock. If everything
goes right,
you know, maybe the stock goes up a
little bit. It's not the biggest
surprise. So, I don't think there's much
upside.
Epist Episte Poet Grock is a game
changer. My wife yesterday told me in
first 2.5 weeks, she's been able to
complete six months of work and has been
finding solutions to challenge that she
previously couldn't crack. I mean,
Grockbot gets rave reviews. I'm actually
not so deep into testing yet. Too busy,
right? I'm very busy on all kinds of
things. Uh, but I heard amazing things.
Alexander Peterson, thank you for all
you do. Joe, would love if you could dig
into your longer term option strategy as
as with a family of three children have
zero time for day trading.
Yes. Uh, we will have the Pioneer the
Options Academy up. It's it's kind of
done. I just need to record it. I'm a
little busy right now, but it will
happen. I promise it will happen.
We also have the Pioneer Bond soon live.
I've stopped using Claude and moved
almost all my coding in regards to
cursor. It's token review phenomenal
with Grockbot just added. Yeah. And
cursor has switched to the Chinese
model. Very good.
Street street grade zero
reshort calls. I want my back holding
Tesla trench is gone. So I sell calls, I
get premium, I win. If I get assigned,
that's also a win. I still have my Tesla
core position. Yeah, I mean Tesla is a
disappointment of course uh for a very
long time. So this short call sellers
on Tesla
got lucky
two days after next earnings. Yes,
I've made nearly half of my profits
today of selling meta puts.
What did Meta do today?
Let's see. Meta.
Do I have Meta in this watch list? I
should.
Where's Meta here? Wow. Why is it up so
much? What's happening here? Is it Muse?
Yeah, probably because of me. I told
everyone. I told everyone Meta is
underrated. I told everyone a year ago,
Jason Wang is a smart dude. I told
everyone they're totally catching up in
AI. I think Meta is the most underrated
AI company because they have a lot of
upside. They're trading at very low PE.
What's their PE?
24. Not even forward PE. 24. They're
growing like crazy and they have a lot
to deliver on Muse because they have a
great AI team now.
Kevin Tan, would you continue to play
the short puts on SpaceX or go long on
spot stock? No. I always It's so
expensive to have spot stock. Um, no. I
think because SpaceX
is highly valued, right? It's hard to
see SpaceX really exploding upwards. So
short puts are beautiful if things are
like a drag, right? If it goes sideways,
a little up, sideways, a little up, a
little down, sideways.
And we have to understand that this
stock is just hitting some problems
here. They have a $2 trillion market
cap. They are highly valued, but the
hype is real. Uh, so there's a lot of
hype in here, and I do think it's very
stable hype. It can go higher, but it's
not something where I need strong stock
exposure right now.
Hi Joe, nothing to do with the SpaceX
stock, but do you think the US dollar
will strengthen over time or what are
your thoughts? Well, towards what?
Definitely not towards gold or Bitcoin.
Uh, no. I think inflation is the only
way the US the only chance the United
States has to survive is to inflate
their way out of the debt. That's why
there will be no rate hikes if possible
and they will print money as much as
they can and they can do it in a hidden
way but it will weaken the dollar. You
need to weaken the dollar. That's the
whole point. So no, I don't think there
will be strengthening. The only question
is will the euro weaken faster than the
dollar and I don't think so.
Would you do covered calls on Tesla now?
Absolutely not.
I will do it sometimes but definitely
not now. Tesla is dramatically
undervalued.
Dramatically undervalued. Look at this
thing.
This is dramatically undervalued. Look
at alltime highs. Look at where we are
here. We we are down dramatically. We
are down year to date still 18%. Can you
even believe that? 18% and that's not
even we are 25% down from alltime highs
while cyber cap is actually starting to
scale.
This thing can explode to 600 in no
time. If anything happens, if you have a
few thousand cyber caps, so in a
situation like this, it's too low. Uh
there's too much potential catalyst
coming in to do short calls in my
opinion. Now if you do short calls,
covered calls, can you make money for
one month or two if you get lucky? Of
course. Do you look smart if you do it?
Of course. Do you take risks that are
inappropriate? I think you do. So I'm
not doing it. I'm mega long. I'm s hyper
long Tesla right now because I I still
think after all these news it's just too
low.
It is much more likely to go up than
down and the macro situation of the
market. I kind of like it. I don't see
too many issues right now. Even though
Iran is like but I told you Iran is
over. And people always confuse like Joe
you said Iran is over. It's no what I
mean with it's over like two months ago
or three. I don't even know how long
now. I said it's over because it cannot
escalate. Now, it can look like it's
escalating, but it cannot really
escalate
because of reasons that are pretty
obvious to me. So, and you see the
market agrees with me. The market is not
very nervous. Even though we have
oil, where is it? Oh, it's actually down
a little bit. This up a little bit.
Uh, Bitcoin is stable.
The bonds look horrible. Probably. Ouch.
This is a little scary.
Ouch. This is very scary.
This is extremely concerning, but no
surprises. So, I don't think it moves
the market too much.
Ouch.
I don't know. It scares me a little bit.
This destabilizes the entire thing, but
there's zero pro uh surprise in here, so
I don't care too much.
Um,
USD, euro. Well,
the United States, I think, has more
problems than Europe in terms of debt,
and the United States has much more
frivolous spending right now. So, I
would not say that the US strengthens
versus the euro. Let's see. But I'm not
a Eurozone expert. We would have to look
into what these people are doing. But
I think the times of Europe being
extremely stupid are coming to an end.
The German election, I covered it on
Sunday, is a much bigger deal than
people understand. This is a earthquake
in Europe. It is the end for the German
BS that's happening. Mertz just held a
speech today or yesterday and everyone
said, "Okay, he's finished." This speech
was delusion. He was like in a
psychosis. This guy is finished. He was
starting to talk about, "Oh, the AFD
wants to do ethnic cleansing, blah blah
blah." He sounded like a mental patient.
And so I think maybe things are
deteriorating even faster than I said. I
said there will be new elections in
Germany uh next year. But I mean maybe I
mean the election will be next year I
guess but I think Mertz is super
finished. The walls are closing in now
on his complete failure. These I mean
failure is like a euphemism the
catastrophe that's happening in Germany
and all these things are connected. So
that means the European ruling class is
under a lot of pressure and so the odds
that the ECB
uh is going to do more stupid things is
not very high. I think the US is in a
better situation to do stupid things and
that means the dollar might weaken more
against the euro.
Uh here do you see Micro Strategy MF
hitting 23 again? Wow. 223.
Let's see what strategy does right now.
Is it at 1
two? I don't even know where it is.
Strategy. Let's see. Let's see where
Micro Strategies MNV is.
What is this? Strategy. I spelled it
wrong. Strategy.
Strategy.
MNAF. Where is the MNAF?
Am I blind?
1.1.
What?
That's crazy.
Micro strategy is a total buy.
That is a very low MNAF. Um, sure. I
mean, I think the attractiveness of I
don't know. Well, maybe two. I think
three is unlikely, but if Bitcoin goes
to 120,000, 130,000, people are dumb
enough to drive this MF back up to two
or whatever. So that tells you how much
potential is there in Micro Strategy.
It was interesting how Micro Strategy
was like getting under the like getting
killed
because Bitcoin was dropping and they
did all these financial engineering
things and people are just bad at math.
I think there was never a risk to
strategy at all. Everything they did was
completely under control and the market
panicked also stretch and all the other
things got slaughtered for no reason.
That was free money. The only problem is
there was too much other three money.
SK Heinix looks interesting at the
moment. Let's take a look at SKH Heinix.
Is that on my watch list here? I just
created this new watch list with this
new crazy Google situation.
Why is SKH?
Uh I mean Micron is looking strong.
Add to this list. Done.
Is it in now?
Skiix.
Wow. What the hell? Ei 7% up today, but
Micron is not moving much.
2%. Well, not much for Micron.
Did it add the thing? No, probably not.
So sky highix
why is this not adding it? Okay done.
Um SK highix is even cheaper if I
remember right uh than Micron. I think
I'm focusing more on Micron because I
think in the US uh advantage of Micron
that they are domestically manufacturing
but SKH very interesting. So I'm
sticking more to US stocks if I can if
there's an alternative to skenix like
Micron but I think they are probably
extremely closely related. They they are
having pretty much the same strategy,
very similar technology. SKX a little
bit more dominant and uh you know if you
want to be strategic about it probably
create like a a basket or something and
put SKH highix and Micron in there maybe
SanDisk
and uh if you're right that memory is
continues to be bullish probably good
idea.
Oh the audio is gone.
Right. Do you have an updated fleet
count for the robo taxi? Yes. I mean, we
are tracking this and I double checked
because some people said our counter
overlooked something, but
I audited it. I don't see anything like
someone said that soya merit or someone
has posted
uh
has posted
that we have now 43
Uh, so let's do some research. Why did
so say we have
cyber
cap count?
Because I'm waiting also to for this
thing to hit
to hit
45. So they have to actually add to the
registration.
But I think it's all fake news.
Our counter is pretty reliable. We are
still at 41.
Uh and I don't see
someone says Soya Merit
said
it's more
But I'm pretty sure we had 41.
Let's see.
We also have to wrap up in a second.
It's pretty late here. Let's see if I'm
What is this
iPhone Duo? What is this iPhone stuff?
Um, I can see the news.
Tesla has just added four cyber caps to
his robo taxi fleet, bringing the total
up to 49 according to Texas DVD. That's
very interesting. Very good news.
So, we have basically more
cyber caps
registered now,
but that is different from deployed. So,
we tell you how many are deployed, but
now I'm more registered.
That's all I have to say.
Okay, very good.
I've been buying OTM calls over the
weekend hoping for a merger like well
that's a good news co cost base 12393.
We have an index rebalancing coming. I'm
holding might sell a short put expiring
Friday. Yes, I think it could be very
good combination. I think the selling
pressure will be over by Friday, maybe
even tomorrow. And then we have some
rebalancing coming plus this good news
at some point.
I think you can play SKHX via SKHYSDR.
Interesting. If you want to do that, but
I mean more like strategically, I like
US companies because the US is going to
focus on securing the supply chain. So,
they're going to give Micron a lot of
advantages.
Okay, guys, that's it for today. We wrap
it up here. A little bit of nonTesla
news. Sometimes we have to watch the
market and we have to stay on top of the
other AI stocks, of course, especially
on
on on
why is this on uh SpaceX. And I hope
that was helpful. I think it's a good
little money printer.
Would you short Uber at this point?
Yeah, I'm very bearish on Uber, but I
don't like shorting at all. Shorting is
always a problem. Um, but Uber, you can
probably write this baby down. Maybe
there's some short calls, but then, you
know,
strategic longerterm short calls are
probably not too bad, but shorting is
always less profitable.
Petty Irishman is back little because we
are wrapping it up now. Uh, but
I think we had enough fun for today.
Tomorrow is a new day. The options are
coming. I promise. I promise I will get
it done this weekend, ladies. And you
will have option courses in Pioneer
Lands in the Pioneer Academy. The
Pioneer Academy will also look nicer.
Oh, it's already looking a little nicer.
Look at this. Pioneer Academy.
Pioneer Academy. Looking good.
You should definitely check this out.
Here's the model scenario construction
on Pine.
Oh. Uh, so
SpaceX only dropped
fiveish. Not worried it will be back up
to the end of the week on Monday.
Yeah, but we can predict this. So
the market and Jason can stay rational
longer than you can stay. So well street
cror I would push back on that. The
market can stay rational longer than you
can stay solvent but Jason
will stay irrational longer than you can
stay solvent. So the market might that's
my closing words
and uh I hope to see you guys
very very soon.
Thank