Channel:     theteslaspace
Title:       Inside The Boring Company's Underground Factory
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ5XBPeMs-k
Published:   2026-07-22 19:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-22 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In this episode, we go inside the Boring
Company's underground operations.
Starlink just ended internet dead spots
forever. And Tesla's new FSD light
breathes new life into older vehicles.
And the first mega charger has arrived.
I'm Sean, and this is the Tesla space.
Elon Musk's Boring Company is currently
working on the single largest
infrastructure project in the United
States, their Las Vegas Loop, which in
terms of length has already created
about six times more transportation
tunnels than the rest of America
combined over the past 25 years. And
they've just invited cameras inside the
Vegas loop for the first time to give us
a closer look at how these tunnels get
made. So, thanks to influencers like
Farszad and Dirty Tesla, we now know
more about the Boring Company than ever
before. Obviously, check out their
content as well, but I'm going to
summarize the key points that I found
the most interesting. And probably the
most staggering thing to take in is just
the scale of this project, which now
connects the Las Vegas Convention Center
to the city's internal airport and loops
around three major hotels. with the
beauty of the tunnel concept being that
there is essentially no limit to the
number of stops that can be added. So if
you think about a traditional subway
train, for every station that you add,
the entire train with everyone on board
has to pause and wait for people to get
on and off. But with the way that a
Boring Company loop is configured, each
car is essentially driving from point A
to point B and will bypass any stations
that fall in between. So, except for
that one big crazy colored station that
everyone sees, the rest are all built on
off-ramps that diverge from the main
loop, meaning that the main flow of
traffic is never disturbed by any one
car. And if they ever need more stations
or more capacity, they just dig another
tunnel. The ability to dig so many
tunnels in such a short time is all
thanks to an autonomous underground
factory concept that the Boring Company
has developed, which allows them to mine
and build continuously with zero people
inside the tunnel. That is one of the
biggest changes that Elon Musk has made
to the way his company operates compared
with every other tunnel boring project
around the world. Traditionally, the
boring machine is operated by a crew of
a dozen people or more who are working
inside the tunnel as the digging process
is underway. This essentially means that
the entire machine becomes a safety
system designed around keeping those
individuals alive in a very dangerous
place. If a boring company is spending
the majority of their resources on human
safety, then that leaves a lot less
available to focus on the actual job at
hand of digging tunnels. So the first
thing that Musk wanted to achieve was
zero people in tunnel. That's where the
Boring Company is finally arriving right
now. They've gone from 12 people
operating their first machine down to
nine and then just two on the most
recent tunneling operations in Las
Vegas, Nashville, and Dubai. But with
the introduction of their next boring
machine, the Proof Rock 6, the tunneling
process will be fully automated and
controlled from above ground. And what's
really interesting about this transition
from human labor to automation is that
control over the boring machine doesn't
need to be done on site anymore. All of
the proof rock machines currently in
operation are controlled from Boring
Company headquarters in Bastrop, Texas.
Even the one that's just begun tunneling
all the way in Dubai halfway around the
world is being driven from Texas. One of
the things I love about technology is
its ability to reveal things we normally
can't see. And today's sponsor, Radiode,
is a perfect example of that. Radiode is
a portable radiation detector and
spectrometer that lets you measure and
visualize radiation in real time. Unlike
traditional Geiger counters, Radio Code
can measure radiation up to 40 times
faster while also helping identify
specific isotopes through advanced
spectrum analysis. It pairs with
completely free iOS and Android apps
that give you access to powerful
features like advanced search mode,
detailed accumulated dose, live
radiation monitoring, spectograms,
spectrum analysis, and even interactive
color-coded radiation maps that track
what you've discovered. Whether you're a
technology enthusiast, science nerd,
maker, researcher, or just someone who
loves understanding how the world works,
Radio Code opens up an entirely new
layer of exploration. You can use it
while traveling through cities, visiting
museums, hiking through forests,
exploring old industrial sites, or
conducting your own experiments at home.
If you've ever wanted to uncover the
invisible world around you, this is one
of the coolest tools I've seen for doing
exactly that. Get 5% off all code
devices and accessories with the code
tesla 2026 at checkout. Just visit
radiocode.com or use the link in the
description to learn more. One of the
most interesting ways that the company
has been able to remove people from the
mining process has been by automating
all the equipment that surrounds the
boring machine itself. That's stuff like
the conveyor belts and excavators that
remove dirt and rock from the hole. But
probably the coolest invention is this
buggy that hauls concrete tunnel
segments from the surface down into the
tunnel. It's actually a Tesla Model 3,
just with all of the recognizable car
features stripped away and converted
into a heavyduty industrial machine. The
concrete segments that it carries are so
heavy that the range of the battery is
reduced down from over 300 m to just
between 15 and 20 m. But all of the
self-driving features of the Tesla
platform allowed these things to be
remote controlled from Texas as well.
And this is where we get into the
construction side of the tunneling
operation because it's not all about the
boring. In order to achieve the fastest
and most efficient performance, proof
rock needs to be continuously digging
and building at the same time.
Essentially creating a mobile
underground tunnel production line. So
the way that a typical tunnel boring
machine works is in two phases. Phase
one is the actual boring. The cutting
head spins, it chews up a bunch of rock
which falls onto a conveyor belt and
gets pulled out of the mine. Then they
stop and switch to phase two, which is
installing the tunnel wall segments that
prevent the whole thing from caving in.
And it also gives the boring machine
something solid to push off of when it
moves forward. Again, this is probably
the biggest reason why most tunneling
projects move so slowly. And to a guy
like Elon Musk, it presents a very
straightforward path to higher
efficiency. If the machine can both dig
and build at the same time, then it will
move at least twice as fast, if not
faster. The Boring Company's Proof Rock
5 machine has been the first to ever
achieve continuous mining so far. And
this machine is currently digging test
tunnels at Bassrop before being deployed
to one of the full-scale loop projects
later this year. So what this means is
that as fast as the Boring Company is
moving right now, they are about to get
a whole lot faster. Now, as if it wasn't
enough that one of Elon Musk's companies
is revolutionizing underground
transportation, he's actually got
another one that is about to change the
way we access the internet forever. We
already know that the SpaceX Starling
satellite network has opened up
high-speed communication to even the
most remote places on Earth, but there
was always still one limitation. You
needed somewhere to plug in the
receiver. Depending on where you are in
the world and under what conditions,
that could still be a challenge. We've
seen Starlink being used inside war
zones, violent protests, and natural
disaster relief. So, reliable power is
not always going to be guaranteed. The
latest product from SpaceX changes this.
Starlink Mini Dish 2 is a compact square
shaped receiver with an ultra- low power
consumption and a built-in battery. Not
only that, it seems like this new dish
is optimized for use while in motion,
making it a literal graband-go mobile
hotspot. Now, of course, there is a
downside. SpaceX is still bound by the
laws of physics for now. So, the Mini
Dish 2 will provide much lower
connection speeds. Early tests are
showing somewhere between 1 and 20
megabits per second. So, this is not a
mobile gaming rig, but it is a lifeline
to the outside world from even the most
remote situations.
And with the upcoming Starlink upgrade
to V3 satellites, which will be carried
into orbit by the Starship rocket, there
is hope that even these reduced
connection speeds will rise over time.
Speaking of which, if you want an
opportunity to watch the SpaceX Starship
rocket attempt to rise up above the
Earth for the 13th time, that is now
scheduled for Thursday, July 23rd at
6:45 American Central time. Now, for
those of us who don't have the budget
for space travel, there's still the
opportunity to experience cuttingedge
technology in a self-driving car. And
the good news is that Tesla's most
advanced autonomous AI model is about to
become a lot more accessible. If you're
like me and own a Tesla vehicle made
prior to 2024, then you've been missing
out on the latest and greatest features
of Tesla's full self-driving. And
unfortunately, there's no way to upgrade
the FSD computer from the old hardware 3
to the new hardware 4. But it looks like
the company has found a way to work
around these limitations with some
clever software. So, a new AI model
called FSD V14 Lite is currently doing
limited beta testing on hardware 3
vehicles, and the first reviews are in.
According to this ex user named Zach,
V14 Lite updates the entire user
interface of the FSD software to make
everything more intuitive and visually
more interesting. He also notes that the
actual driving performance of the car is
now greatly improved. Highway driving is
smooth with smart lane change and
passing decisions. City streets are
handled with improved confidence and the
vehicle takes off from stop signs with
less hesitation. Self-parking, however,
is still not great and has room for
improvement. But for a more practical
example of what this software can do,
check out these two guys who drove 4,200
m from Key West, Florida to Cape
Flattery, Washington State on V14 Light
in a Hardware 3 car and made the trip
with zero manual steering, braking,
accelerating, or turn signal inputs.
They are now driving up to the top of
Alaska just for good measure and the car
is still going strong. Tesla vice
president of AI software Ashok El Swami
has said that this version of FSD is
likely ready for wide release and will
be going out to the rest of us very
soon. So keep an eye out for that. And
on the subject of long days on the open
road, Tesla has opened its first public
mega charger station for the Tesla Semi,
giving fleet customer access to
dedicated high-power charging
infrastructure. as the company continues
expanding its commercial trucking
network. Located in Bloomington,
California, about an hour east of Los
Angeles, the new site features six mega
charger stalls capable of delivering
over 1 megawatt of peak charging power.
The site is strategically located in San
Bernardino, California, one of the
busiest freight corridors in the United
States. This region links the ports of
Los Angeles and Long Beach with Southern
California's vast inland warehouse and
distribution network, making it a
natural location for high power charging
infrastructure that supports commercial
trucking. The Tesla Semi team showed off
an earlier station near Ontario
International Airport back in March as
its first mega charger deployment, but
that one was only rated at up to 750 kW
and is actually no longer listed on
Tesla's find us page. Today's
Bloomington site is a step up from this
site as it features more power per
stall.