Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       SpaceX Earnings PREVIEW: The ONLY Factor That Counts
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rHEDjxIGQM
Published:   2026-08-04 13:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-04 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

important day because today for the
first time we will see SpaceX report
earnings the first quarter kind of is
over after IPO and everyone is now
looking at the earnings call that will
happen today after the bell and of
course SpaceX being the most important
company together with Tesla that we are
covering we need to ask the question
what happens in these earnings and what
will actually matter for SpaceX the
stock we know that the stock has had a
hard time as everyone kind of predicted.
The stock only had one way to go down
because it was a little highly valued
and then went of course crazy went all
the way to 200. It had no other choice
than going down at that valuation and at
the current revenue and EBIT especially
given the nasty market. We have
historically low valuations right now in
the market on a price earnings growth uh
level but also even on EIT and PE
levels. We are incredibly cheap. There
was a massive market selloff and AI
stocks and SpaceX is an AI stock got
completely slaughtered. So these are all
reasons why the stock is down. People
are very concerned about unlocks coming
and the first one coming on August 6
which is in two days. So shares are
coming online. People sell more shares.
So everyone is there's a lot of selling
pressure and negativity around SpaceX
even though many understand the
long-term pitch. So what matters in
earnings and of course we have earnings
expectations. We have people looking at
margins. We have people looking at how
much of this revenue they got in through
compute from Anthropic and Google
actually matters. But I don't think any
of these topics is actually decisive.
When you think about SpaceX and we will
focus today on one very specific
question. When you think about SpaceX
and their main business which used to be
Starink and Starink is growing rapidly.
It's an amazing business but of course
it doesn't justify a $2 trillion
valuation and also not a $ 1.5 trillion
valuation. at least not today at current
market sentiment people would say sure I
believe staling is going to grow that is
amazing but let's wait a little bit get
the stock down to 900 billion or
something while you're growing into it
and then once you hit certain price
earnings ratios we can grow the stock
that is the sentiment right now so
stalink is not going to save anyone if
stalink delivers everything they promise
it's just not enough and so everyone is
now looking at the other big thing and
no the other big thing is not Starship.
It's not orbital lift business which is
totally marginal compared to the other
businesses. It is also not space compute
because space compute is not going to
happen anytime soon. Now I'm very
bullish on this. I think it's happening
earlier than people think, sooner than
people think, but it's just not going to
move the needle either because there is
no cash in space compute right now. No
one can sign any deals and pay any money
for space compute for the next 12
months.
And that means
everything comes down to one decisive
question. What happens to Colossus and
what happens to terrestrial
compute buildout? Because that was the
big surprise that we had a surprise
revenue run rate coming in of 26
billion dollars a year immediately
through Anthropic and Google.
26 billion a year run rate much larger
than the entire SpaceX business and the
entire Starink business.
So the question now is the question now
is and here you see Colossus by the way.
Here's the amazing website. Colossus is
this huge build out of compute in
Memphis and uh New Haven but also in
Texas as we'll go down uh go into in a
second. Um and so they set records how
fast they built this thing and they will
and they lease a lot of it out. All of
Colossus one is being leased out. Uh
some more of Colossus 2 is being leased
out to Google Anthropic.
And so in my opinion, it's very clear
what matters in this earnings call. The
only thing that matters just on a
financial level for the next 12 18
months, the only thing literally that
matters for SpaceX,
not space, but Earth. How much more are
they going to build? They will be able
to lease it out. Everyone knows that
compute is the biggest constraint ever.
Uh look at now the semis recovering you
know Nvidia Micron everyone is up again.
So we know that the world needs more
compute and we know there is no compute
and we know China has the energy the
United States has the chips. No one has
both and there's a giant problem
building out that stuff and Elon is
pretty good at it. So whatever they will
build and they already made 26 billion
run rate if they build more then they
can make more money and that will impact
the bottom line immediately in a very
massive way and in my opinion that will
be the central driver of the stock. So
because it's so important, we actually
did the math and went in at Pioneer
Lands, our research team, and created a
little bit of a brief, preliminary brief
about the Space X AI compute buildout.
And I'm going to share this today with
you and let you know what we think about
this whole thing.
And before we go there, I want to share
this with you.
This is Yukon. I don't know you can but
given Baker responded that is
circulating on X
and we want to discuss today is that
complete
BS or is there something true about this
what is circulating here
total AI law by the way the way this is
written so not inspiring too much
confidence but per our channel checks
they are saying XAI's 2027 compute
timeline is locked that sounds like AI
slop to me But existing 1.5 gawatt plus
so roughly 2.5 gawatt plus 15,000 ruben
racks in 2007 4 gaw is roughly 8 gaww
okay
8 gawatt as compared to roughly one
gawatt right now. So let's assume very
roughly just for very rough math
if they make 26 billion with one
gigawatt with 8 gawatt they would make
eight times more meaning $200 billion
per year. So if this is true, if if this
is even half true, if it's 4 gawatt,
the stock should go absolutely through
the roof, even with the most
conservative valuations
because 200 billion at whatever margin
you get, maybe 30% after depreciation,
you would be talking still whatever
close to $100 billion. So even at a 20
price earnings ratio, you would be at
two trillion and you would not get a 20
price earnings ratio. you would get at
least an Nvidia Amazon like 30 price
earnings ratio. So you would be at 3
trillion and very likely you would get
whatever a much higher earnings ratio
maybe double that you at 6 trillion.
So that's upside potential of 400% for
the stock 300% from here up
if this is true. So what we have to
investigate today before the earnings
call is do we get anywhere close because
of Elon and Gwin Gwyneith what is her
name Gwyneith Shotwell Gwyn Gwyneith
come out today and they say surprise we
are going to deliver 2.5 gawatt
additionally in 2026 as these people say
and then 4 GW on top of that in 2027.
It's guaranteed that the stock tonight
goes through the absolute roof.
And so it's worth a question to
investigate. Is there anything true
about this thing? And that is our little
presentation today. Let's go through it
diligently. You will see we put a little
bit effort into this. This is uh of
course preliminary and then we can
discuss your questions and see what
happens. So if you go to
pioneerlands.org work. This will be
available uh for citizens of Pioneer
Lands uh hopefully very soon by end of
the week to take a closer look. But
here's the takeaway.
Here's the takeaway.
The takeaway is when we look at
permitting,
when we look at what actually is the
constraint here, we have currently
roughly one gawatt life capacity. We
don't know if it's 900 or 1.1 or 1.2.
There is some leeway here, but we have
roughly 1 gawatt live energy capability.
It supports roughly 660,000
H100 equivalents. H100s are the Nvidia
GPUs that serve as the basic unit of
compute here.
Why is it H100 equivalents? Because we
have a bunch of more advanced GPUs, the
Blackwell 200s, 300s in there, maybe
even Reuben's at this point. But you
know we count them as blended and so a
black well draws more power and gives
you more compute but proportionally much
more compute than it draws power. So you
have to convert that into H100
equivalents.
Now the problem is
just to go right into the problems with
people talking about 2.5 gawatt on top
of that or even saying it's 1.5 gawatt
right now and
2.5 gawatt delivered this year. There's
a problem because 500 megawws of that
one gawatt roughly are underperented.
These are temporary turbines, 69
temporary turbines, gas turbines that
Elon ordered to be set up without really
having the permits. So when you put
something huge like this life, you need
permits. You have the government and you
cannot just build power plants the size
of like supplying a million homes or
half a million homes with energy. you
need to ask someone for permission,
literally permission, permitting. And
they found like a hack, a loophole that
was temporary gas turbines, but at that
scale, they're not really allowed. And
then there was a lawsuit. And now
there's a settlement, not about money, a
settlement, how long they're allowed to
run these 69 turbines before they need
to be replaced by something fully
permitted, fully grid compatible with
fully permits. And the result is they
have time until mid of next year to
replace them and they have something
preparing to do that.
And that is the equivalent of roughly
half of these 660,000
H100 equivalent. So they would lose now
we talking about losing not adding lose
half of their entire compute capacity.
It would destroy the entropic and Google
deal. It would cost them money. It would
decrease their revenue if they don't get
this done. So now they have a giant task
carved out for them to just replace
these enormous amounts of turbines with
with uh permitted ones. And this is all
on track. I'm just pointing out the
first obstacle here. It's already an
uphill battle to just maintain your
energy, not even to expand it. Okay.
Now, let's go a little bit into the
detail. I don't want to bore you too
much, but here's the situation in
Memphis and South Haven, right? This is
Tennessee. uh and adjacent. And what you
see is you have a 300 megawatt capacity
fully grid connected that is live. You
have permitted mobile turbines, 12
units, 86 megawatts that are permitted.
You have 69 units that are not permitted
or underpermitted and they need to get
removed in the next 12 months.
Right? And then they have a South Haven
uh uh Miss Missouri gas plant or
Mississippi. I always confuse them. Is
it Mississippi?
Americans. This is like a geography
test. MS. Is it Missouri or Mississippi?
Should I look it up? South Haven,
Tennessee is next to it. South Haven. MS
Mississippi.
We can also push pull this up here. by
the way, to do a little geography
lesson. So, here you have Memphis,
Tennessee, and here's South Haven. Here
is the border, and here's Mississippi.
Should we look up where Missouri is?
Somewhere also here.
Mississippi.
No, it's not here. What?
So, Tennessee, Memphis, you have
Arkansas here, and here's Mississippi.
I've never been here. So, anyway, that's
what is happening.
And that means
uh this is a little bit of an uphill
battle, but they have, you know, this M
uh this uh Mississippi gas plant in
process. So, this all looks good. Now,
there is rumors more than rumors. We
know that because they're running into
real problems here. Building out the
energy in Tennessee or in Mississippi,
there are many, many problems. As you
can already tell, they're trying to set
something up in Austin, Bastra,
wherever, somewhere in Texas, and
they're scouting out the sites. And in
Texas, there are different provisions.
You can actually set up your own stuff
without too many permits. There is a
Texas big loophole, right? But if you
build your own power plants, this is
much easier to achieve than in nearly
all other states in the United States.
So what's the situation?
They have they are now preparing to find
the right sites. They're now preparing
to actually get the turbines acquired.
So here the bottleneck is not permitting
so much. It's finding the site and it's
actually getting the turbines which is
also a giant problem because you can't
get these turbines right now. So Elon
was smart as always and bought APR
Energy. So APR Energy is a company that
basically leases out and organizes
turbines and you know they have roughly
here you can read it down here. uh
roughly 30 trailer mounted turbines and
850 megawws at the acquisition time time
of acquisition since expanded past 1.1
gawatt of capacity this APR energy
company because Elon saw the problem if
you just go to a turbine producer you
will never get your turbine there's like
a three four five year backlog you
cannot get turbines right now so Elon
shortcut it found that company that
actually has the turbines and leaves it
out and bought the company Okay, blocks
of 20 20 to 500 megawatts installed in
30 to 90 days. So these are mobile super
turbines.
So Elon was basically able to secure
another roughly 1 gawatt of turbines.
And now if they find the right locations
in Texas, they can get them there and
set them up very quickly. But then you
need the location you need to get the
chips in and so on and so forth. So
based on the current one one gigawatt
roughly installed
and the uphill battle in Memphis or in
in in Mississippi to expand this that is
kind of the situation. Plus, you have
another one gigawatt in Texas waiting.
And I think knowing Texas, this could be
a very likely shot, right? So, you can
make this happen. But then you're ending
up at let's say let's say maximum 2.5
gawatt end of 2027 or mid of 2027.
So, forget eight.
Okay.
So, we have already that. So, what does
that actually mean?
We created a scenario analysis that is
realistic in my opinion. This is the
realistic take when you take all these
things into consideration. I'm you know
what I'm doing here for you guys. I'm
leaning myself a little bit out of the
window because no one says these things
before an earnings call because everyone
is scared. I'm not scared. We did our
homework. We might be wrong. I don't
think we are too wrong here. So the base
case for 2026, we're talking about this
year and then in a minute I talk about
next year. The base case is 1.6 gawatt
this year. This requires aggressive
expansion but realistic expansion. The
bare case is 1.3. They're building out a
little bit. Base case is 1.6 gawatt.
That requires already some magic that
needs to happen. But I think that magic
can happen. Okay. So that would mean
they're getting to roughly 1 million
H100 equivalents up from 660,000. So a
significant
significant increase uh of 400,000.
Okay, that's a realistic thing. And what
does it mean for EBIT?
And as you see, it has
a pretty significant impact, right?
Because it would basically
create 5.4 4 billion additional compute
EBIT and that's nothing to snuff at,
right? This is uh or not not additional
in total, right? So that would basically
mean we are adding three plus
three or more billion dollars in
earnings this year as a surprise because
that is not something analysts actually
are taking into consideration.
And when you look at SpaceX's financial
randomly adding 3 billion is pretty
significant. EBIT margin here assumed to
35%. If you ask why it's so low, it's
about depreciation. These are all very
expensive things. So once you take
depreciation because it's EITA, it's not
EBIT. It's EBIT, not EITA. uh if you
take this into consideration 35% is
pretty high and it's pretty you know uh
you can get it higher but you know it
depends on all kinds of little things.
So if you get three billion in
additional EBIT surprise if you do the
math for staling to surprise up three
billion in earnings is impossible. So it
is a significant number but what's more
significant would be the 2027 number. So
2027 what are the scenarios?
The bare case scenario here is they're
just double capacity. It's basically
what here the bull case scenario is for
2026. You see 2026 2 gawatt is the bull
case that we have that actually live end
of the year
2027 bare case is we have this live end
of next year doubling capacity from July
31st.
The bull case that I think is not
realistic. By the way, our bullcase is 4
gawatt life.
I shortcut the whole story. 4 gawatt
life end of 2027 is the maximum we can
come up with and that requires a lot of
fantasies and I do not believe it's
realistic
to be totally frank. I think our base
case is realistic. Maybe I'm a little
more positive than the base case but not
much. Maybe 3 gawatt. I think four
gawatts when you look at the situation
currently they have two gigawatts ready
they have a plan to get to two to 2.5
gawatt
that requires perfect flawless execution
and to do things that no one else could
even do. So that is already cutting them
some slack. I think it's realistic that
you get to 2.5 gawatt 2.4 to 2.5 gawatt
by Q3 next year. Could you get to 2.8
gawatt end of the year? Of course, maybe
if you get there,
that is important and we will look into
the numbers in a second, but that is
what we can expect realistically.
And I don't even think in the earnings
call they will talk too much about the
expected live capacity by end of 2027.
So the 8 gawatt case in my opinion is
complete bogus.
Complete bogus. the eight gigawatts by
end of next year would require to exceed
our bullcase that I do not think will
happen by 100% to the upside. You have
to consider if you want 8 gawatt where
does this come from? Look at the
problems they have right now to get one
gawatt up. There are many problems. This
is America. You can't just go somewhere
and build giant like 8 gigawatts are
roughly 8 million homes being able to
power, right? You can't just do that.
And you see data centers all across the
nation getting into big trouble, big
push back because these are massive
infrastructure buildouts
that require all these permits. So even
with the best Elon hacking capabilities
that he already applied and now got kind
of penalized for it, even with the best
hacking capabilities and taxes here and
there, where do you get the turbines?
They don't. Elon pulled a rabbit out of
his hat by acquiring APR. There are not
many APRs. There's only one APR. So now
where do you get the turbines? There are
no turbines. Okay. So
I think 8 GW total bogus. I think 4
gawatt not realistic either. It's just
our extreme bullcase. And not don't
forget by the way this is the this is
the big bullcase. This whole thing we
are discussing is the big bullcase for
SpaceX itself. That is why space compute
is such an enormous deal because no one
can build these things out. Maybe China
can but no one else can. So that's why
everyone is rushing to space and that
will be the big story of 2028.
But that story cannot pull the stock up
right now. That's what I believe. So
let's look at how much money this is to
get a little bit more into the details.
Long story short, the base case and the
financials here are pretty realistic. So
some bulls want to like say, oh, they
have 80% margins. Like you don't have
80% margins if you have to pay for power
for operations, if you rush the whole
thing. Pay all kinds of legal fees and
count the depreciation of this whole
thing. We assume a six-year depreciation
schedule for the GPUs. So 35% is
actually pretty good. If they get a 40%
maybe above that you can't get
if this all happens the base case would
add to would put the compute EBIT to 20
billion in 2027. Now that's again not
bad.
You have to consider and we'll get into
valuations in a second. 20 billion means
at a 50 price earnings ratio which is
extremely low for SpaceX that's a
trillion dollars. That's a trillion
dollars in valuation.
Let's skip this.
Uh so here's a quick overview. Uh base
2027 EBIT is 20 billion. The bull case
would be 40 billion. That's not going to
happen in my opinion. Uh it's roughly 6
billion in EBIT per added gawatt. Okay.
And uh
this is an important point.
What we're doing here also subsidizes of
course because this is basically the
EBIT on the entire thing uh on the
entire compute cluster. It means that we
have a massive subsidy roughly $40
billion a year you know let that sink in
for Grock and cursor. So this whole
thing not only makes SpaceX a lot of
money, it also subsidizes
and and offsets the costs for their own
training because we assuming here
they're only leasing out 50% of this
entire thing. That's the basis here.
They're keeping 50% for themselves of
the entire compute. They would be the
biggest compute training cluster in the
world. Of course, that is used solely
for training and maybe inference.
So it kind of subsidizes Grock and that
could give them a very decisive
advantage, a massively decisive
advantage. Now let's get to the most
important thing that everyone wants to
know. What does that mean for the stock
and we take a rational approach here? We
basically take the Ebbit right the
compute at it. This is only the compute
sector. This is not Starship. This is
not Starlink. This is not Grock. Even
though I don't think rock will
contribute too much to earnings. We will
see uh cursor you know we will see. We
will see how much they can contribute. I
mean they are potentially growing fast
but product I don't know how strong they
are in converting this into revenue.
That's like the unknown right? How much
can they actually add?
But what we see here is you you know we
have three columns here to compute
potential stock price impact. This is
based on the SpaceX share price,
the bull case, the base case and the
bare case for 2027 forward earnings
and how much would be added to the share
price based on different multiples. If
you say SpaceX will be valued as Nvidia
is currently valued, you get this
column. If you say SpaceX will be valued
as Amazon is valued nearly the same,
it's the next column. But if you say
SpaceX will be valued as Tesla is being
valued, which is by the way not likely
that they get there because Tesla is a
little high on the PE side.
That's the third column. And that
already tells you the problem here. Why
I'm not well I'm actually playing
earnings. I think they will surprise to
the upside because the analysts don't
have that on the agenda. And these are
significant things, but I'm not putting
on a big play. I'm selling short puts to
see how it goes. I think SpaceX goes up.
I have 100 strike price short puts. Not
a crazy deal, right? If this thing drops
to 90 or something, I'm not getting hurt
a lot. Or if it drops to 80. Um, so it's
not a giant trade because my conviction
is not too high because I believe the
market simply doesn't know how to value
the stock yet. And I think we need to
wait
after earnings and then more importantly
after end of the week to see how the
unlock plays out and then wait until end
of next week because the unlock will
play out more. So we have earnings and
then unlocking a lot of shares that can
get into the market and be sold. We have
to observe the stock and after end of
next week I think we will know much more
where the stock is going.
If fun fundamental valuation of the
company is never really possible if you
have no idea how the market actually
wants to value this thing. Is it closer
to a Tesla valuation or is it closer to
an Nvidia valuation or maybe it's closer
to Micron valuation but that's very
unlikely.
I think we can say with certainty SpaceX
will be valued way above Nvidia on a
multiple level and way below Tesla. But
what does it mean right? Is it 40 50p?
Is it 70 PE? Is it 100 PE? Is it 120p?
That is what no one knows and that's
what we have to figure out.
Now, the long-term case is a whole
different case. But we can't invest in
stocks too long term if the next two
years have so much happening. But as you
can see,
the base case and the base case is
likely to happen. The base case alone is
likely to add between, let's say, $50. I
mean Tesla is a little crazy. Let's
divide this by three. So let's say it's
100x
the base case for 2027 compute. This is
a realistic case that I presented here
between $50 and this divided by three.
So let's say 150 between 50 oops and
$150
added to the stock. Once you understand
this compute game or contained in the
stock then you have to decide well
currently the stock is at 120. I can
look where the stock is. Stock is at
120. Oh it's dropping again. Was up now
it's dropping.
The the stock is 100 at 120.
How much of this forwardlooking compute
piece of the stock between 150 and 50 is
already contained
and that gives you a more realistic take
on the whole situation.
Right? If we can say with certainty,
let's just decide what the multiple is.
I would say the multiple is probably we
can assume at a minimum twice as high as
Amazon because there's so much fantasy
in this thing. It's at least 60, maybe
it's 90. So it's between,
you know,
between 100
and 150.
That's actually significant, right?
between a hundred and $150 of the stock
price is the compute case alone.
And I would maybe be a little
conservative. Let's say 60 60 at an abs
like not 60 let's say a 100 of the stock
price at the at an absolute minimum 100
at a 60 price earnings ratio $100 per
share is the compute case for 2027. the
realistic base case.
Okay, if $100 of the shares are the
compute case and the shares are at $17,
that thing is undervalued
because the entire rest of the business
is definitely worth more than $16, much
more. So, Starink alone, right?
Why am I doing this analysis? What was
so important? because I wanted to show
you guys if you do actually rigorous
research on this whole thing and put it
all into numbers you see that the 8
gawatt are total bogus it's very likely
to be a third of that
but even if it's just a third of it you
are talking about $50 to $100 very
likely $100 in share price that just
comes from a relatively from a pretty
realistic price earnings ratio on just
the hard earnings that are coming in
next year and that means it is very
attractive here. I'm still not going too
deep into the stock because we have to
wait what the tactical and mechanical
unlock is for the stock what the effect
of all these share unlocks is because
even if it's super undervalued right now
knowing that all these unlocks come and
these are mechanical selling pressures
you know you can't help it it doesn't
matter if it's stupid or not it will
happen
that is why I'm saying I'm getting very
greedy I want to listen in the earnings
call
anything. I want to hear anything that
supports or not supports my base case.
What's the compute buildout look like?
And then I want to observe on Thursday,
on Friday, and all the way next week.
How does this selling pressure affect
the stock? There will be more unlock
waves. But if this wave is like a
nothing burger, we know what happens. If
this wave drops the stock to 80, we know
it's serious. So, we have, in my
opinion, if you're rational, you take
away two things.
There is massive upside potential in
this stock if they just and on a very
fun fundamental level if they just
deliver this compute which they
absolutely on track of doing it requires
tremendous execution but they can do
that 8 gawatt is bogus but if they
deliver 2.5 gawatt by the end or 2.8 8
gigawatt by the end of next year. Boom.
You're talking about 100 bucks more in
the stock.
Well, maybe not more, but a 100 bucks of
that stock would just be the compute,
whatever that exactly means. But it's
something significantly more than now.
And that's conservative.
And then we want to see what the unlocks
do over the next two weeks to kind of
get a measure and metrify a little bit
how bad these unlocks are or how not bad
they are. I have no idea. I want to see
it. And then finally tonight we want to
listen in to the earnings call. Do we
get more pieces of evidence for the
compute buildout that are actually
robust and reliable? If Elon says, "Oh,
we have 200 gawatt by end of the year."
That's doesn't mean anything. We need
specific specific information about
what's happening.
So that is the case. That is the SpaceX
case as it presents itself to us right
now.
It's a super exciting time. And this
doesn't even go into the space compute
satellites which will be a huge upside
surprise but not now by the end of the
year and not even by mid of next year.
It will take a little bit of time before
this comes into play. That makes me
super bullish on a strategic level
beyond two years. But for now we have to
stick to these numbers. So let's see
what you guys think and go into the
comments and discuss this a little bit.
You know, I like these pre-earnings
calls because post earnings calls, who
even cares? You want to know things
before they happen? Or at least I want
to know before they happen what actually
happens.
Let's see. Do we get the comments here?
Comments.
Yes.
uh
unlock is not happening due to current
share price. I totally disagree.
Ether, you have to understand this
unlock.
A lot of people are saying also
Alexander Merz for example said, "Oh,
don't worry Joe, there's this giant
unlock, but no one is going to sell. The
stock is too low." You have to
understand how this works. This is
majority employees. The employees
probably are not that rich. Many of them
are not that rich. Okay? They unlock all
their shares. They go to a wealth
adviser and the wealth adviser says,
"Okay, how much money do you have?" They
say, "I have three million bucks." Okay,
how did you invest them? It's like,
well, actually, I'm super poor. I'm just
an electrician or something. I just got
three million bucks from SpaceX. It's
100% in SpaceX. And then the advisor
says, "Sell
whatever 50% of that stuff." And they
say, "No, I like it." Well, then send
sell 20. You have to, otherwise you're
mad. No one is interested in the share
price. You need to diversify. If your
entire net worth is in SpaceX, every
wealth adviser will say you need to get
out now out of a chunk. So there is
selling pressure.
So let's see.
Let's go up here.
Endo says, "Hey Kevin Brown, I need
Tesla to go up." Well,
everyone needs Tesla to go up. SpaceX
stock is going to rebound to 200 by end
of the year maybe.
Uh Corex says at what price would you
find SpaceX too attract an attractive
buy and how likely do you think it will
reach this price? As I said for me it's
not a price down here. It is
interesting. Uh but it is a timeline not
a price. As I explained, I want to wait
two more weeks. Then I have a much
better understanding how the stock
reacts to unlocks and how the earnings
went and how the market reacts to the
earnings. And our model will have much
more evidence directly from the company.
Is SpaceX short about to short squeeze?
I don't know how much. I didn't check
the short interest. I don't think people
are too short SpaceX. It would be mad
down here.
And I don't like to play these
short-term things. We need to look at
the three-year tech hop Elon is planning
for. By then, open air probably will
have gone. Maybe Oracle 2 SPVS will have
unwound and the world will be ready for
affordable tokens.
Maybe.
What do you say about the 32% short of
SpaceX float? I have to check that if
that's still the case. That would be
these shorts are crazy people. I don't
know what's wrong with them. I would not
short SpaceX down here.
Are you still only going to buy SpaceX
the majority of the S shlocks? Are you
more bullish? I'm more bullish now. Uh
but I'm not ready to buy. I'm more
bullish now because the stock is down so
much. Uh we will know much more in two
weeks. We will know how they react to
this to the unlocks and we know many
things. Festo 78 bayan Joe proving on
this wreck that not all Germans are
idiots.
Thank you. I approve of that message. Um
Palenteer plus 21% you mean today? I
didn't check.
Uh will Gwen take the earnings call or
Philip? I'm pretty sure Gwen, but let's
see.
Push the like button.
Absolutely. After
watching this, it's hard to not just buy
Nvidia. Well, I think you should buy
Nvidia. That's what I'm doing.
Uh
here, not financial advice, but what
would be your rough estimate price
projection of space exchange in 2030? I
don't have that yet. We are working on
it, but higher than now. Much higher.
They said due to stocks current price
400 million shares will not be unlocked.
What? They can't just change that.
Is that true? E ether.
Let me uh check that out
with grog GPT
if that is actually true. That would be
crazy
that we don't have that unlock that this
is rules based.
Is it true that August 6 share unlock
doesn't happen if share price is too
low? I cannot imagine that. But let's
see.
Uh here Fukua International says,
"I will get onto Pioneer Lands in a day
or two." You have to. You definitely
have to join Pioneer Lands. It's by the
way free. There are paid uh tiers, but
the free one is also great. And you can
talk to people. You can talk to me. It's
very good.
Uh here, the August 6 base unlock still
happens regardless of the share price.
Roughly 911 million shares representing
about 20% of the locked shares become
eligible for sale on the second trading
day after earnings.
The stock below the IBO price does not
cancel this change.
Okay. The additional price contingent
unlock does not happen at the current
price. Another approximately 455 million
shares could unlock early only if the
stock traded at or above 175. But that
is early, right?
Uh when do the 411 unlock?
So ether that that's the information. It
unlocks 911 shares. But the 455
uh million are not getting unlocked
unless it is above 175 after earnings.
Have you seen James
13 EG Marvel and Alab? No.
So, the 411 that don't unlock unless the
price is 175 or higher.
Unlock December 8th.
Big SpaceX sale coming in just a couple
of days. Yes, I know. Uh, Ether says, "I
like your content better. I like that
you are not that emotionally attached
and can walk away.
Don't tell this to my girlfriend." Um
but yes uh you have to you're not in a
marriage with stocks, right? You have to
analyze them and um
and be rational. I'm a fan of Tesla
right now because I think they have
great things ahead and you know are
totally undervalued. I am a fan of
SpaceX, but we need to be rational about
it and right now it's not the time to
buy. In my opinion,
Spacing and Tesla will be more
correlated together going forward. If
Elon doesn't execute on one, then Wall
Street will also lose faith here. We
will see that could happen.
Talk about patent here and Micron is
Micron up. Micron is ridiculously
undervalued. I don't understand what
people don't understand about this.
Micron should be up a lot today. See,
Micron is up randomly 5% because it's
like
ah I overpositioned myself. I
rookie. It's not a rookie mistake. It's
actually a mistake everyone does all the
time. But I I am determined to rein in
my last little weakness when it comes to
these things. Position sizing was too
large for Micron. That's why I got not
squeezed out but drisked out. I need I
needed to take some of the table. So
that trade was not great. I think it's
like maybe I lost a little bit on it.
Even though I was completely right
because I oversized the position and
then if it drops to 711, you need to
derisk. But this stock has I mean it's
like the biggest forcing function ever.
This thing goes to 2,000. There's just
no way around it. You just have to be
cautious because clearly people are nuts
about this stock. So this can also drop
to 600 in between for absolutely no
reason. You have to be cautious. But
Micron is the most undervalued stock
ever because people don't understand.
People say it's still cyclical the
memory business. No one cares if it's
cyclical. What we care about is what is
the cycle.
Okay. And now Apple and all these people
come out and want to be on device edge
AI, they all need Micron.
There is extraordinary demand for
Micron.
Uh Palanteer up like crazy, but also
Palanteer was totally oversold. Same
story, right? People think, oh, it's up
23%. No, you have to look the big
picture. uh this got completely oversold
right of course Palanteer is a strong
company and then here this is just
completely ridiculous
so don't look at it individual days look
at the big picture these are mega
bullish AI stocks Micron and Palenteer
and they are currently completely
oversold or Palenteer was now it's up a
lot but Micron is still ridiculous
video towel. Very good channel. Thanks
for sharing. Well, you're welcome. We
put some work into our analysis and
we'll make it available on pinlands.org.
Marvel 10%. Yes. How to understand the
sizing of position? I give well I
thought about like doing a video on this
because it's this is very advanced stuff
but
okay so I shared something on X about it
maybe I should do a video because it's
so fundamental and it's not even
complicated in a way the meta principle
look about it like this if you do a
trade let's for simple in simple terms
let's talk about trades
even though it's also applies to
investments but trades make it more
here. If you do a trade and you have an
edge, an edge means you do your trade
and you're better than 50%. So if you do
100 trades and you have an edge of 70%,
70% of your trades win. Let's assume you
have simple trades. You put your
aggressive put and call options trades.
If you're right, you get money. If
you're wrong, you lose all your money.
To make it simple, it's also true for
all other situations, but this is the
extreme case that makes it simple to
understand.
Let's assume you are 70% of the time,
right? Which is extremely high. You were
never getting there probably. Um, and
let's assume to make the math simple,
your position size is 100%. You're
always betting everything.
Let's for simple, you know, let's say
you get lucky the first seven times. You
do 10 trades. The first seven times you
get your 70%, you get all right because
you make 10 trades, three wrong, seven
right. But even if you frontload it and
make the first seven, right, you double
your money, double it again, double it
again, double it again, you so you're
like a billionaire. But since you're
always having position sizing of 100%,
all it takes is one time being wrong and
you lose your entire money. You can make
a gazillion%.
But if you lose once, you lose all your
money. And that's like an intuitive way
of understanding position size.
You know, if you, for example, you know
the old thing, if you have 100,000, you
do a trade, you make 100%, you have
200,000. But then you do another trade,
you lose only 50%, you're back to
100,000.
So the larger the position sizes of each
trade, the more you have a problem when
it goes wrong. And the more it eats up
your edge,
right? If you have position size of 50%,
your edge needs to be extremely high.
It's not enough to win seven out of 10
because everyone you lose puts you so
much back down that you get destroyed.
The same is true if you have a small
position size. The opposite is true.
Then it doesn't matter. If you have a 1%
position size, every trade you do is 1%.
Even if you have a 55% edge, right? So
you're 45% wrong, 55% right, you still
actually make money in the end because
the 1% doesn't matter and it reflects
your edge. So the larger your position
size, the less your edge gets reflected
and the more negative it becomes. That's
what most people completely don't
understand. That's why position sizing
is one of the magic keys of long-term
success.
Okay,
enough of that.
Uh Micron's a victim of the OI and SPV
wobble. Everyone is watching everyone
else like musical chairs. Yeah, but this
doesn't change the fundamentals. So if
you can survive, it's very good.
What do you say about other SpaceX
rocket labs? We have to look into Rocket
Labs. There will be we will do this on
Pioneer Lens now. Building out the stock
analysis part much more coming very
soon. We already have the roster
starting with Tesla and also putting the
Tesla model in there.
I like Rocket Labs on a qualitative
level, but we have to check the share
price. last time I checked was too
overvalued.
But Rocket Labs definitely is a very
good company
here. I love your Q&amp;A even with in the
middle of the night east coast
Australia. Wow, Adam, you are a tough
cookie in Australia right now. I think
it's very dark.
Jonathan Rice says, "Do you need lighter
to drive a car? You do it with just
vision. So why can't a robot exactly?"
Okay guys, let's wrap it up. That was
fun. Uh,
but now we know what's happening. Micron
up like crazy. Now a little down.
Uh, SpaceX, we conclude with SpaceX
stock. See,
doing nothing.
Tesla dropped a little bit. Now back up.
Not doing much. Very good.
pull back tomorrow. I don't know if they
say
if they say anything directionally into
what I'm I elaborated on. If they give
more uh color and
visibility into the buildout, it will be
good in my opinion. Okay guys, thank you
so much. Let's wrap it up and see you on
the other side after earnings. It's
going to be interesting. Bye-bye.