Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX And Tesla Just Added Billions!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QywY5qvBqa4
Published:   2026-06-25 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-25 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk just revealed the name of
SpaceX orbital AI data centers. At the
same [music] time, SpaceX and Tesla
announced three major deals that could
generate billions in new revenue. First,
Elon confirmed that SpaceX orbital AI
satellite network will be called Star
Mine. The trademark was filed this week,
and it follows reports that SpaceX
requested approval for up to 1 million
AI satellites, giving us one of the
clearest looks yet at its long-term
vision for orbital computing. Second,
earlier this week, SpaceX signed another
major AI compute deal. Reflection AI
will pay about 150 million per month or
up to 6.3 billion through 2029 for
access to SpaceX's Colossus
Infrastructure and Nvidia GB300 chips
that joins Anthropic and Google as
customers of SpaceX growing AI compute
business. We'll look at the total
revenue run rate for this segment.
Third, Tesla signed the first phase of a
major energy storage partnership with
Nat Power, targeting 15 billion in
revenue over time. The initial agreement
covers 25 gawatt hours with the full
buildout potentially exceeding 100 gatt
hours. Finally, Tesla, Sunun, and Renew
Home announced a partnership to create
the largest distributed power plant in
the United States. Put it all together
and a story becomes clear. While
everyone focuses on rockets and EVs,
SpaceX and Tesla are quietly building AI
compute and energy businesses that may
become just as important. We got Brian
White joining us today. He's one of our
only true Tesla journalists. Check out
his YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. Welcome, Brian. Great to
be here. Boy, it's almost like people
are looking at the wrong thing. And when
the media and the analysts are focused
on the wrong thing, it creates an
opportunity for individuals to be a
little smarter than them and that can uh
equal money if you do it right.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it's these stories do fly under
the radar but they are big. We're
talking massive dollars, billions and uh
there's three of them. Few are talking
about it. So let's bring it up today. We
got Star Mind. This is a trademark that
is pending uh application by SpaceX to
call something Star Mind. And uh Robin
says Starmind was a trademark by XAI.
Will this be the official name for the
SpaceX AAI satellite constellation? Elon
said yes that is the case. Javi Park
came up with a nice logo. It's
beautiful. I have it. That could be the
way it looks because it's very similar
to space. um you know that that that
whole Star series. There's so many
things now. Starlink, Star Mind.
Um just I I have a whole list. I'm going
to do a whole show on on all those
products. Um and this is it, right? So
this is the AI satellite that they re
revealed a while back. Now we know that
this is it. What do you think about the
name Star Mind? I I do like the name. Um
Steve Mark Ryan is saying, "Hey, let's
call it Starink." You got Starlink and
this is Star Think. This is Star.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit clunky. I have a worse
suggestion. I think they should have
called it Star Brain so that invariably
someone would [laughter] typo it and
write Star Brian, which I think would be
a big up for me. Uh, we're going to go
that route. I think Star Mine's a fine
name. I don't think it needs a great
name, but uh, having one is helpful, I
suppose. It's not like we're going to
notice the logo as the satellite passes
us on the street. Uh so it uh doesn't
matter a lot, but uh the fact that
they're still pushing forward, we get
too many people, skeptics in our
comments, skeptics on social media,
skeptics in the news who say, "This will
never work. The dollars and cents don't
make any sense." And I say, "Right, if
that's the case, it won't happen." They
might put up a few as a test and
realize, "Nah, you know what? You're
right. This doesn't work." At which
point it would end. But what I really
say to these skeptics is it's clear that
you despise all things Elon Musk. You
should be rooting for this. If you know
it's a fool's errand, let him do it. Let
him throw his money in the trap. You're
not invested in SpaceX clearly with
comments like these. Let him do it. But
uh no, they they're not about reason.
They're just about the hate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of people who are
fighting uh terrestrial data centers,
right? That is protest. It's becoming a
thing now. And the answer, I think GI
said this to he when somebody asked
them, hey, you know, I hate these AI
data centers. They should be banned. He
goes, then you must love SpaceX and Elon
because he agrees with you. He's moving
these data centers to space. That's
where they belong.
&gt;&gt; No, not like that. No, you don't
understand. I just hate things. Right.
But but you used AI to generate this
comment that you're now posting on my
channel. So maybe you don't hate AI as
much as you wish you did. Yeah, it's
crazy. And here's the real beauty is if
let's say it doesn't work. Let's say all
this R&amp;D that they do produces no
result. You know, you could just take
one of these and leave it on the ground,
right? It wouldn't give you the kind of
24-hour coverage you want, but instead
of purchasing the launch capacity, you
purchase a mega pack that goes next to
it. you could translate a lot of that
technology back to terrestrialbased
projects and have standalone uh
independent closed loop systems all over
the earth on the ground as well. So I I
don't know the people a lot of the
people who just have hate in their
hearts do not have anything at all in
their minds.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's talk about the massive
deals that is being signed left, right,
and center. This one's a little bit
older. We we talked about it already
earlier this week. This is a compute
deal with terrestrial data center that
SpaceX already has uh Colossus. This
earlier this week they added reflection.
&gt;&gt; So uh they reflection is now paying
SpaceX uh up to $6.3 billion and uh it's
it's access to Colossus 2 data center.
This is the latest latest data center,
not the old one. GB300 Nvidia chips.
They're going to pay 150 million per
month. Not quite the 950 or 1.25 billion
that the others Google and Anthropic are
paying, but totaling if they carry to
2029, 6.3 billion.
&gt;&gt; I guess $5 million a day is pretty good.
Uh maybe maybe I'm bad at math. Maybe
I'm missing something. But why would I
why would I pay them to do that when I
could just buy the stuff myself? And the
answer is I'm not getting as good of
prices as SpaceX surely is. XAI,
whichever division you want to attribute
it to. And I definitely can't stand it
up as quickly and as efficiently as they
can. If I want my compute today, I can
just have it. And if I want to wait a
year or two or three, I'm going to go
out of business. Maybe they've got a
project. Maybe they've got a pending
data center of their own that is going
to be built sometime in the next 3 to 5
years at which point great you can do
that. But in the meantime, you can't
just sit and wait. This is industry is
moving very quickly and if you wish to
be part of it, you must do what you can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and you you shouldn't run it
out to 2029. It's unlikely that it'll do
that. So, um this is a table put
together by Steve Mark Ryan and I like
that quite a bit. So, if you take a look
at all the deals that's been signed so
far, the annual run rate is is, you
know, racking up pretty quick here,
we're now at 27.84 billion. That's just
the annual run rate, of course. But if
you look at the dollars per month, that
also, we're talking weeks here, the next
month.
&gt;&gt; Uh, already we're at $2.32 billion a
month, just like that. Um, so I had a
concern when I saw that Claude 5 had
been effectively banned worldwide, which
was that well does this mean SpaceX is
going to get less money because they
need to do less compute. But I think
Claude 4.5 may use more compute than
Claude 5 to achieve the same results. So
I don't I don't know. I'd be curious to
hear your thoughts on whether or not
that would be a potential positive or
negative impact on their deal. uh the
fact that Mythos has been banned for so
far. Not not at all. No, the whole point
of why they're doing this is that they
uh it doesn't matter if the the newest
version has been banned. They the demand
is so high with whatever version they
put out there. They needed to do this.
They they did this deal prior to
launching Mythos, which then got banned
for short period of time. That'll come
back. I don't think it impacts any of
this, but
&gt;&gt; it's a weird it's a weird ban. I don't
know where you draw lines in the sand on
that one.
&gt;&gt; All right. So that is uh you know just
huge deals on terrestrial data centers.
But the actual thing that Tesla signed
is pretty big. I wanted to ask you about
that. This is 5 gawatt hours uh ESS
contract with NAT power. That's just a
phase one. So this deal on phase one is
a $5 billion but overall it could
actually become 15 billion in revenue
over 20 years. So this is building sites
in Italy and Britain. uh NAT power
partner with Tesla 25 gawatt hours of
battery storage and then countries
across Europe are ramping up battery
storage projects to help balance a roll
out of intermittent renewable power
capacity.
So this is a big deal um energy storage
why do they call it landmark uh why why
is such a big deal?
&gt;&gt; Uh because it's huge. uh the previous
biggest uh installation of this sort
from a single source was I believe 12.3
gawatt hours. So it's phase one is more
than twice that size. If you go back and
look at the original uh southern South
Australia um one that they did, the very
first big mega pack insulation, I think
that was only a 100 megawws.
And this is, you know, therefore uh a
little bit bigger, 250 times the size of
that one. [snorts] Part of it is that
they've managed to pack a lot more juice
into each cabinet, and part of it is
that there will be far more cabinets.
But while the media is focused on, let's
be honest, nonsense. Oh, uh, sales are
down in, uh, you know, in Azerbaijan by
3%.
Great. That's terrible. Hey, just close
a $5 billion deal over here. No one's
watching the energy side. And I feel
like to the people saying, well, Tesla
will entirely collapse. Tesla's got
almost no debt. And what they have is
several different revenue streams that
just churn cash. If Tesla stopped
selling any kind of car, forget
autonomy, forget cars, they've still got
all that FSD revenue pouring in. That is
effectively zero cost. There's very
little if in any marginal cost to
providing that software to an additional
vehicle. And you've got Mega, which is
not stopping. It's still accelerating.
Those are two very big ventures. And I
know you and I did a show maybe a year
ago where I went through all the
different business lines. When we say
that this is effectively 20, 30, 50
businesses in one, I I asked you if this
was spun off, would you want to hold
shares in it? Mega, of course you would.
FSD is a standalone company. Yeah.
There's just pure money there. So these
are business lines that people are
overlooking that have just a bunch of
potential. So this particular deal, it's
massive up to five billion for phase
one, but you know, it's not we're not
going to recognize that revenue right
away. They're probably going to take
time for installation and and deployment
and all that, but what is your
expectation for Q2, which is going to be
reported sometime next month, around
this time next month in July, they will
Tesla will hold an earnings call and
they'll share their earn energy number.
In fact, some of that might actually
show up early by July 2nd and 3rd. But,
uh, some people are saying this is a
real sleeper right now. People aren't
realizing that, uh, they're expecting
the energy number to really surprise a
lot of people. Is that what you're
expecting?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I can't tell you if it'll be in Q2
or Q3 or 4, but we know there is a
lumpiness to it and we know last quarter
was below expectation. Uh, below my
expectation certainly, which means it
doesn't mean that they stopped shipping.
We've seen the work at the factory. We
know the factory is going full speed. We
know the uh giga factory that makes
these mega packs, mega factory Shanghai,
is still spooling up. It is has yet to
reach its final run rate. That means
that all of these projects uh we're
still pouring just as much water into
the barrel. It's just not as much has
come out of it yet. At some point, more
will come out than goes in. We will have
a quarter where instead of seeing 15
gawatt hours deployed, we might see 25
or 30. What? They don't even make that
much in a quarter. Well, no, but we had
this backlog waiting to be switched on
and fully counted. Uh so that could
happen this quarter, but it will happen
at some point. There will be times when
the business levels off, if it levels
off, where we will see deployments
larger than production. Just as we see
with automotive, there are quarters
where sales deliveries to customers
exceed the number of vehicles that they
actually manufactured. It's just part of
the pipeline.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh so this is pretty big
deal. As we said, uh 25 gawatt hours is
more than half of the installed annual
production capacity at Tesla's mega pack
factory. It's a lot when you put it that
way, right? Isn't it? 40 gawatt hours is
uh lethrop.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Can do that. And then Houston is bu when
that comes online. The mega
[clears throat] pack factory in Houston
that's supposed to be 50 gawatt hours.
So 25 gawatt hours. Yeah. When you put
it that way
&gt;&gt; substantial.
&gt;&gt; That's a whole factory that they'll
probably have to build over there. Don't
you think at some point?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know. They'd be wise to
build an additional mega pack factory in
Europe if not just to serve this, but to
serve the greater market demand. But
what this really means is if you've ever
worked somewhere that had one of those
big customers, even if the margin is
low, you say, "Look, we're going to go
as fast as we can to build as much as we
can of the stuff that's the most
profitable." And any spare minute we
have, we work on the big project. Even
if it's not quite due yet, even if we're
building a bit ahead of the timeline, we
have the capacity to do it today. Let's
do it today. So what it means is for
Leup there is no reason to go home an
hour early on any shift ever again. Uh
certainly not for the next year or two.
&gt;&gt; They've done it. Uh the other things
about this deal that's interesting is a
multime. It's a multi-country agreement.
First time uh battery energy storage has
been procured, financed and executed
across multiple locations under one
integrated framework. Uh this is this is
probably a setup for not only you know
this particular deal there will be many
of these deals.
I've been saying for so long, Brian,
remember this? When uh Elon went and
shook hands with, I don't know, 11
&gt;&gt; uh top, you know, prime ministers and
presidents of all these countries. And
then we we took a look at that list and
we mapped it against the list of the top
11, you know, largest economies in the
world. It's a perfect list. The only one
he didn't sign shake his hand was a
Japan, Japan at that time. Uh and so the
idea was that he's going to actually
he's negotiating to create mega packac
factories in every one of those
countries. They all need to have you
know sovereign
&gt;&gt; it's part of it's part you do need it.
So the question I've had asked to me is
well with all these huge meapac projects
going on is Tesla going to run into a
battery supply crunch? And the answer is
no. No it is not. I've had an
opportunity to tour the factory to ask
questions and some of those questions
I'm allowed to publish. Uh one of the
questions I'm not allowed to publish is
uh the answers is who do you get the
batteries from? Who actually makes them?
And the answer to that is uh there I'm
not allowed to say if I know. Of course
I know. I walk through the factory.
There's labels on them. Uh but rest
assured it is a significant battery
manufacturer that does not have supply
concerns.
&gt;&gt; Good. So this is a growing business
that's massive. This was a huge deal. No
one talked about it except you. Thank
you for sharing that. Uh another one
that I need to understand more about
because this sounds very interesting. So
Tesla Sunun and Renew Home have
announced a partnership to create the
largest distributed power plant in the
US by providing more than 16 gawatt
hours of flexible power capacity to
utilities and hyperscale data centers.
They plan to aggregate energy from
hundreds of thousands of residential
battery systems,
EVs, and more than 8 million smart
thermostats to help meet surging
electricity demand driven by AI and data
center growth. So, this is a distributed
power plant deployable in months, not
years. This capacity as a solution
framework creates headroom on the
existing grid by freeing freeing up
transmission capacity, easing
congestion, distribution infrastructure.
Wow. And you can earn rewards. What is
going on here? What is this?
&gt;&gt; So, on the surface, you go, I get it.
It's vehicle to grid, right? But my car
doesn't have that. Your car doesn't have
that. Most cars don't have that. Some
have vehicle to load. That's not the
same as vehicle to grid. We don't have
how does that work? And the answer is
you're not taking anything back. You're
just putting less in at different times.
It's what your smart thermostat was
meant to do. There was this big trend
back in the Enron days where every
appliance was going to be a smart
appliance so the grid could determine
when you are going to dry your clothes
or when you're going to kick on the hot
water heater or the thermostat or
whatever it may be. But Enron eroded all
trust in such systems. It takes a while
to forgive and forget on something like
that. Hopefully we're there. So, what
would happen is at times of peak demand,
instead of pulling power back from
Herbert and Brian's cars, it would just
say, uh, don't charge right now. If you
wait to charge until tonight, we'll give
you something. How do you Now, how do
you do that? Not everyone has a smart
charger. Now, you have a you have a you
have a phone, right? You have a you have
a car that's connected to the internet,
right? You can manage it that way. Uh so
ju just by uh changing my thermostat
from if you're in the southwest, if
you're in somewhere that gets really
hot, Texas, Florida, just by changing
the thermostat from 70 to 71°
can net you a whole lot of surplus juice
at the hour you need it. And if they're
going to incentivize that with a some
kind of compensation, that makes it good
for everyone. If the data cent's
insatiable thirst becomes a reason why
your home power bill goes down, I think
that's a compromise a lot of people
would be willing to accept and it would
be on an opt-in basis anyhow. So what
are you actually losing? And if you do
have something like a power wall, those
could feed back. Even Coke Energy, the
largest coal company in the country, at
least as of a few years ago, was toying
around with uh using Ford Lightnings for
vehicle-to-g grid solutions. These
people do get it. Whether they admit it
in front of congressional hearings or
not, they know that energy is energy and
that's the business they're in. Whether
it's in a battery or a bucket of tar.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, good explanation. And I did
not know half almost everything you said
actually. Thank you for sharing that
knowledge pouring out of Brian. So this
is uh Tesla's teaming up as we just said
enough to power roughly 12 million
average homes. So that's a lot. I mean
that's that's decent. That's a this is a
good size here because you saw that it's
like the whole US. It's the largest
distributed power plant in the US.
uh was Tesla supplies a massive fleet of
home batteries and electric vehicles to
help power the booming alien industry.
So maybe the the supply of Teslas out
there is enough now that a deal like
this makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Could be it. It's crazy when you look at
what's possible with scale and then look
at all the companies that are choosing
not to scale. What are you thinking?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's so much opportunity and
here's one example of it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You see all this pullback from GM and
Ford and then literally the next day
they're telling you their
electrification plans and you want me to
take you seriously? I don't know, man.
&gt;&gt; I mean, here's a power plant up from
scratch. No need for new land, water, or
transmission line because it already
exists. Uh, it relies on existing home
devices. This power can be deployed in
months instead of years. um already have
the the data center alley in Virginia
already has 300 megawws available for
immediate use. So it's like it's like
sitting there and all they did was just
offer it grid management, right? Isn't
that great? Look at this. By up to 170
billion over the next decade. That's how
much it could slash overall US
electricity bills by.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's less than my bill.
So
&gt;&gt; there you go. Sunun and Renewed home in
Teslas. There's just that I think part
of the point is that you know once you
build all of this work in cars,
infrastructure, battery, factories, all
of a sudden these ideas come up and
become reality and here's another five
billion here, another 15 billion here.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; energy is the bottleneck. So the dollars
are high. All right, here's another one.
Brian uh explain this to me, but
basically SpaceX has notified the Texas
Railroad Commission their plans to build
an 8.1 mile 16inch natural gas pipeline
they call Star Pipe.
&gt;&gt; Star Pipe.
&gt;&gt; I love it. Everything is called Star
Star Pipe.
&gt;&gt; Star Pipe. I love it.
&gt;&gt; Such a great name. It's scheduled to
begin on July 7th. Uh what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I don't know if you've had a
chance to get down to Starbase, but uh
if there is a launch coming up in the
next few weeks, you'll see kind of an
endless parade of trucks bringing in
natural gas.
&gt;&gt; There's just the one road. It's one lane
in each direction. It's old and pretty
beat up. It was never meant for this
kind of use. They're going to have to
redo that road certainly at some point.
But right now, as launch days approach,
it gets really clogged with the trucks
bringing out fuel. So, let's put in a
pipeline that just brings the fuel in,
frees up the road because forget, you
know, the convenience of it. If you wish
to rapidly reuse it, you can't get
enough fuel back to the site quick
enough for rapid reuse. You need to be
able to actually just have it there. And
a a pipe with a diameter of 16 in is
substantial. You can move a fair bit of
natural gas through a pipeline like
that. And an 8 mile stretch of pipeline
is not as expensive as you may think
when you consider that a lot of these
pipelines are hundreds of miles long. Uh
and this is through, you know, above
ground open area kind of thing for I
would assume nearly all of it if not all
of it. Uh, this is just something that
is critical to scaling Starship launches
in Texas.
&gt;&gt; They didn't have to name it Star Pipe.
It's just a pipe, man. Unless you're
planning to sell this to other
companies.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's a Star Pipe, man. Says it got a
sticker on it.
&gt;&gt; By the way, don't put a sticker on it
because uh the last thing you want is
more attention from the crazies.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All right. [laughter]
Uh, lots of uh businesses. Anything else
like Oh, I was going to ask you about
Megapod. That one was a good name.
Trademark Megapods. So, what are
Megapods? I already covered that a few
days ago. Check out those shows. But
basically, this is, you know, the
promise that again Tesla has
superchargers everywhere. All of a
sudden, there's a need for AI data
centers, distributed AI data centers.
You've got, you know, already hooked up
to getting electricity and then you've
got mega packs already there. Why not
just put in some chips and H100, B100,
B300s and all they call megapods. So AI
data distributed AI data centers. How
big?
&gt;&gt; How well uh I mean I'd say sky's the
limit. We got we'd need star megapods
for that. Uh no it's
&gt;&gt; we just we covered that at the beginning
of the show.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Well, that's
what this kind of is is the satellite
except on the ground in one package
ready to go. Why? Well, why would I, the
customer, want to buy a Megapod when I
could just use yours back wherever it
is? And one answer can be data security.
It depends on my workload. My client may
require me to have my data center
secured, even if it's quite small.
These, of course, are scalable. You
could put in 10 or 50 or 100 of them if
you wanted. But this goes back to what
Tesla does best. They don't install
chargers. They bring out all of the
chargers and slap them down ready to go.
Everything is is packaged up. This is,
you know, Mega Packac 2 all over again.
We put the transformers, we put as much
of it inside the box so that you don't
have to deal with it outside the box.
Additional points of failure, additional
contractors you may not even be able to
find. This is a a smart product. I don't
know if what they're planning to do is
to put them at all superchargers.
Certainly not all. They don't own the
land for most of them. They may not even
have the space. But this could impact
future charging locations. And if there
is some kind of weird power deal in some
little municipality somewhere where
overnight you're getting one, two, 4
cents a kilowatt hour, uh, run it all
night. Even though you're only running
it 8, 10 hours a day, it may be cost
effective to do that. Uh, especially as
the chips become obsolete. If it's a
previous gen chip, which by the time it
hits the ground, it almost is, just
leave it there running uh until the
compute per kilowatt, compute per
dollar, no longer makes sense. And
there's something to be said about this
distributed power plant, the partnership
with Sunun and Renew Home. Then you've
got a distributed AI data center. Little
pods are all over the place. little, you
know, it's harder to break, you know,
the single point of failure, earthquake,
war, whatever. You're distributed,
&gt;&gt; less chance. It's just fantastic.
Brilliance. Brilliance. This is just
another one of those things.
&gt;&gt; These are the smartest people in the in
the business. It's not that Tesla hires
the best. Do you want to know how to
hire the best? I've got some startup. I
want to hire the best. Money. It's all
it takes is money. That's [snorts] not
good enough because that's a waste of
resource. What I want is the best people
for the best price. And the only way to
do that is by attracting everyone and
then picking the best. And it's not
enough that you have the best. You must
allow them to rise to their highest
natural talent level. And that's one
thing that Tesla, SpaceX, and I assume
all of Elon's companies do very well.
You will find department heads that
started by, you know, running cable. I
was just a cable runner. That's all I
did. And now they're in charge of you
know thousands of people because they
were allowed to excel to excel in their
career in ways that fit and gave them
satisfaction.
&gt;&gt; I will make it my mission to change star
brain uh star mind to instead let's call
it star brain and then I'll call you
starrian. Hey star brain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I'll call you star Brian. Thank you
star.
&gt;&gt; All right man. Thanks.
Follow Star Brian on his channel
Futurazza. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbert.com.