Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Week Tesla Investors Have Been Waiting For
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pz7fyxcr1Rs
Published:   2026-07-17 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-17 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With this, we're gonna start the cyber
bulls again without Herbert. So, no
fuss, no bulls, no anything, just the
real talk. Today's guests are Larry
Goldberg and Cern Basher. Happy to have
you here. And obviously my cyber bull
brother Jeff. How are you all doing?
&gt;&gt; Hey, fantastic. Good.
&gt;&gt; Good. Well, we have I have prepared a
presentation because after last week's
technical difficulties, I started
training. So, I'm trying to do a better
job this time and then we'll see whether
that works. Let me add that to the
screen. Today is July 16th. We're airing
this tomorrow, July 17th, just to make
sure you all know about the time. The
agenda is to talk about both Tesla and
SpaceX. So, I'm changing a little bit
from what Herbert does, but I try to
really make it half and half because my
goal really is that SpaceX investors
learn as much about Tesla and Tesla
investors learn as much about SpaceX.
And then we [snorts] have a little
chapter in the middle about Elon doing
something personally. So we'll get to
that in a second. We start off with the
earnings call that's coming next
Wednesday. Um we're going to discuss
quickly three of the say questions. One
very good one, one a bit aggressive and
one I think we won't have any response
to, but we'll see what my colleagues
here say. The progress report on Tesla's
side and Tesla's fleet being a fixed
asset. Larry's going to talk to that
because he was the one bringing up that
idea this week. And then Elon's personal
investment. And then SpaceX. Well, we're
going to keep it as short as we need to
because right after this show, Starship
13 should launch. Then some progress
report on star on SpaceX. Shamat being
for a long time on CNBC on Tuesday
morning. So there are some interesting
tits bits there. And then the earnings
call. So we start with an earnings call
and we end with another earnings call.
So quickly this is this year year's
chart on Tesla. Very sideways movement
with a dip obviously
uh end of April and then now in the 400
range again bubbling around there.
SpaceX is now below its IPO price of 135
around 131 today. And uh we're getting
to the earnings. So what you're all
expecting from the earnings I'm putting
up here what Wall Street is expecting at
the moment. Who wants to start
&gt;&gt; the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. We enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react. Yeah. We only earned
50 cents a share the other the last
quarter. I mean come on guys.
My first observation would be that those
revenue numbers seem a little low.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um I'm expecting something more in the
27 billion 28 billion range.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; And that should bring adjusted EPS up as
well.
&gt;&gt; Uh maybe maybe not. Hopefully, but maybe
not. Um but certainly you know like
every quarter with Tesla it's it's what
they say about the future that matters
and particularly you know ramping up
robo taxi I think is the issue of the
day right now.
&gt;&gt; That is true Larry.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah I think EPS is going to be close
to the 60 mark if not over the 60%
[clears throat]
mark. I agree with CERN's revenue.
Um
I think that uh margins are going to be
very healthy,
energy margins are going to be very
healthy.
Um
as to Robbo taxi and cyber cabab,
I think we're going to get you know
the usual, you know, cautious
optimism.
Um, and on Optimus, we're going to get
the usual
optimistic Optimus.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; And Jeff,
&gt;&gt; I like the the production number in the
C. It's not in the screen, but it's
over, I think, over 450K,
which means they drew down a lot of
inventory, which is going to help with
cash. And we know they're doing a lot of
capex investments at this point. So,
it'll be interesting to see free cash
and uh total cash in the quarter. I
agree with Larry on the EPS range and
the margins should be healthy. Factories
love to be, you know, filled and running
and looks like that's the situation that
Tesla is in at this point. This is a
great situation to be in. We know the a
lot of the factories are in expansionary
mode as well and that those are those
are all good things. So, this should be
a pretty good earnings. It'll be
interesting to see the tone of the call.
Uh this is this is a situation where
good or bad. You know, we had lighter
deliveries in the first quarter, but
everybody was still looking forward to
robo taxi. Same thing. We had strong
deliveries, strong production this
quarter, but I think the market's going
to look past that to the robo taxi
commentary. So, it'll be interesting to
see what Tesla does on this call because
in the last call, they pulled their
near-term guidance. The prior call, they
gave very near-term guidance doubling
every month and they gave a you know
number of cities by the middle of the
year and then they pulled it
&gt;&gt; in the April earning. So, so be
interesting to see what side we get. I
don't think it's appropriate that
something of this magnitude or it's this
much of the valuation to necessarily
pull the guidance. Now, what they guide
and how aggressive they guide is totally
up to them and and that may be where the
the middle ground is. So, that's what
everybody will be looking for.
&gt;&gt; That is so true and that actually
reflects my following chart. You know,
when does it unlock? When does it
unlock? When will we get more news? and
lots of Tesla retail being very
impatient
impatiently waiting for that hoping it
breaks through and it shows actually in
the say question. So I do know uh this
is difficult to read but these are the
seven questions that are currently on
say on the top. I did select three of
those and want to hear your comments on
that one. This one was my preferred one
and I had the feeling this may have been
Jeff Lz's one. I have no idea. is not
coordinated, but it sort of could have
been his. So, I'm going to read it out
and then let's hear from you. What's the
current status of Optimus Gen 3
production ramp, initial deployment in
factories, and external sales timeline
volume for 27? What tasks can we expect
the Optimus to perform by end of 2027?
Jeeoff, was that you?
&gt;&gt; No. Uh, but good good guess. I I the the
the trying to project its its
capabilities by the end of 2027. Maybe
Tesla can speak broadly [clears throat]
on this, but I think that's actually
going to be difficult just given the way
development with AI goes, but it is a
good I think I think there are some good
elements to this question. Uh, and when
we interviewed Lars a few weeks ago now
on the 26th of June, I I thought he was
pretty clear about and he was very
forthcoming about the production
readiness and status of of the Optimus
line. And if you fuse that with Elon's
last commentary on the earnings call
regarding, you know, July potential
production
uh or some some bit of production. What
my takeaway would be is fusing those two
things together at some point at the end
of this summer, end of September, you
know, plus or minus 30 days that we
would see one of those pictures come out
on X with the an Optimus at the end of
the production line and the team
standing around it. And that would be,
you know, call it first off production,
not start of production maybe, but first
off production. And then within some
period of time, they would start
production. Now, this is unique. This
isn't the the classic I have a auto ramp
curve. I've got uh stores to fill up.
This is unique where Tesla's going to
ship these things to themselves and they
can manage the start of production
differently. They can take more risk. Uh
they could start earlier. They could
start later. This is really honestly
going to be up to Elon and Tesla
management about when they start
production. And just my final comment on
Optimus, while everybody's enthralled
and infatuated with production, I
actually think with Tesla, while it's
very difficult and this is going to be a
slow ramp and and I think this is going
to be a much much bigger struggle for
the other bot manufacturers, whether
they know it or not. I actually think
it's going to be one of the more
manageable things for Tesla. And I think
the thing that is the real gating item
on Optimus is its ability to uh to learn
and generalize uh task and be and and
and run via AI versus being
teleoperated. And there's so many KPIs
we should be looking at beyond, you
know, when's the first one coming off
the production line that are I think are
a much better discussion. But in short,
I think I think optimist will enter some
form of low volume production this
summer. That's interesting. Larry Cern,
&gt;&gt; I'll defer to CERN first.
&gt;&gt; I was going to defer to Larry. No, I
think what what Jeff said I think makes
a lot of sense. I think we're all just
anxious to hear more about the company's
plans for both Roboaxi and Optimus. And
investors are just sort of grasping for
any information they can get. Tesla's
been a bit tight lipped, I think, about
where they're at. And for a lot of
people, they find that very frustrating,
very irritating. And I think that sort
of uh is a thread that goes through all
these say.com questions.
Um in my discussion with Larry earlier
today, um we were sort of talking about
these questions really give Tesla uh
kind of a finger on the pulse perhaps of
where retail is at in terms of their
thought process about things. Um and the
questions themselves maybe not the
greatest in terms of gleaning
information from the company. uh as you
are going to point out here in a minute,
some of the tone the tone of some of the
questions is less than ideal if you're
trying to get information from somebody.
Um you don't really want to accuse uh
people of whatever you're accusing them
of. So that that's an issue I think with
with say but at least the management I
think it will get a good sense of where
the the pulse of retail investors is to
the extent that these questions reflect
that. Um and Larry was pointing out that
you know of the billion or so shares
that retail investors may own that only
a small percentage of those are voting
on on say. So
&gt;&gt; that's correct. That is correct.
probably the more the more outspoken
um I mean already one thing is that for
example people having their portfolios
with Fidelity can't do it because
Fidelity doesn't support uh say so there
are a couple of of banks and grant big
institutions that don't do it and then
internationally it's even less supported
right so uh Tesla having at least 10
million retail shareholders that was the
last number I had heard from IR probably
already now two three years ago but it
was the biggest retail crowd out there
um with countries like South Korea,
Japan, Norway is a is a huge country
obviously Germany, the UK doesn't even
talk about it is really worldwide and
many of these people cannot vote while
the most vocal the most vocal we have
every day in our ex feeds are probably
the ones that are very motivated to
bring these questions forward. I also
noticed that the up voting was much more
diverse this time. You know, usually you
have a real front runner who has three,
four times more uh share count than the
others. This time the top five are more
or less in the same range. So there was
a lot of frustration getting out there.
But before we get to the more critical
ones, let's discuss this one on on
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, you're asking Oh. Um
&gt;&gt; the first one,
&gt;&gt; what's the current status optimus
gen 3 production ramp initial deployment
in factory and externals? This is a
great question to ask. It's a very
difficult question to answer.
We just saw the production floor empty,
you know, of equipment. We know that the
equipment is on its way over. Uh we know
that a few are being assembled by hand.
So
again as soon says we understand the
anxiety the unst of the questionnaires.
Uh I don't see how e how the company's
going to easily answer those questions.
We have a situation where production is
planned you know beginning the end of
the year and going into next year. We've
got a broad plan for adoption. and we've
got a broad plan for, you know,
functionality.
I don't think we're going to get any
sense of detail from the company. Um,
and so I guess people are just not
listening to what the company has
already or is telling them again and
again. Um, but as as soon as pointed
out, this is really giving us a sense of
the ANS in the retail shareholder
community.
But you know, I mean, we
we see this in X. We see this repeated
in X. We we can get a sense of it from
the comments made in X. Um and so you
know it would behoove the company to
really pay attention to this cons these
concerns
and to start helping the retail
shareholders understand where they are
on many of these questions.
Um I don't know that the shareholder
meeting is the right sorry the quarterly
earnings call is the right um venue for
that. I think a venue for that could be
ask me anything kind of environment on
on X where Elon could answer questions
that would be enormously helpful. Um, if
you would do an aka ask me anything AMA
um that would be helpful. I think LZ's
interview
um was very helpful. Jeff, that was an
outstanding job you guys did and that
kind of interview with Elon would be
very helpful.
uh and and and and interviews with law,
interviews with Elon that all all of
those could be helpful, but I don't
think the say questions are productive.
That's my own personal view other than
and CERN pointed this out so well other
than
telling Tesla what is going on in the
retail shareholders minds.
&gt;&gt; That is correct. taking the temperature
and uh that actually leads me to two
that are showing the temperature even
more. This one I I think in all the
years I've followed saying questions in
Ernie's call, I've never had one that
was going, you know, so directly so
frontal to to Tesla going Tesla has
missed short-term guidance on robo taxi
3 earning reports in a row from 50%
coverage of the states by end of 25 to
most recently seven new cities in first
half of 26. What is keeping Tesla back
from accomplishing these short-term
goals that they set for themselves? Now
when I read these questions, so this is
close to 900,000 Tesla shares
represented brought forward by retail.
There are some that are also sometimes
brought forward by by institutions. Um I
always ask myself, is this question
worth being up there? You know, are we
not actually spoiling our window of
asking something where we really would
get something out of it? And I do
believe with this tone and this
accusation in there um we're getting
nowhere. But please correct me if you
have a different feeling.
&gt;&gt; I mean that was my old speech to CERN
this you know today. I mean I I I looked
at this question. I looked at the number
of votes and I said to CERN you know a
million votes out of a billion asked
this kind of question which is not
productive. It does not
it doesn't merit a studied response from
the company and um it's just going to
poison the atmosphere in the meeting. So
I would I would just bypass this
question if I were comp if I were the
company.
&gt;&gt; Cern Jeff, you want to add anything or
we go to the next one?
&gt;&gt; I I actually I have less of an issue
with the question if if they could
answer it again. take any animosity but
to the side. If they could answer what
is happening in your short-term
predictions and modeling that would uh
you know that would prompt you to say
one thing and then have these result
have you like have you closed that that
leakage? I is that problem resolved? a
better predictability in the performance
of your models because this is
inherently an an difficult thing to
predict actually and maybe that would be
a better thing for Tesla to say is how
difficult this is to predict and you if
you look at the the performance in more
of a trailing 12-month view and you can
see what your FSD has done in your car
in the last 12 months or what a robo
taxi can now do in the last 12 months,
you would see in aggregate how much the
the performance has improved. I'm sure
Tesla's statistics, but I think the
ability to predict it going forward is
maybe where they they could be
struggling. And I think it's difficult
because you have regulatory inside of it
and so forth. So, if they could just
speak to um is there something they're
doing differently besides pulling their
guidance by the way. I mean, that's they
pulled their guidance in this area. Um
it may be helpful. But yeah, I can see I
I guess I can see both sides of it. uh I
think people are frustrated and and
they're you know they're asking the
question. So I have less of an issue
with the question. I would be more
interested in if they speak to the
underlying
uh if they are they able to predict
these things even a little bit better
just given how how far advanced they are
now in their models.
&gt;&gt; Sen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My thoughts are it's a it's a
perfectly valid question. The biggest
issue I think I have is the approach.
Um, think about if you have a
relationship with anybody and you go to
them and talk to them in that way,
you're going to get a certain response
and it may not be the response that you
like. And so, here we are shareholders
in a company. Hopefully, it's a
long-term relationship. And if it is, I
think that I think there's a more
constructive way of asking questions.
And again, that's that's just me
wishing, I guess, that everybody would
be civil online. And of course, that's
not going to happen. Not that this is
not a civil question. I'm not going that
far with this. This this question is
just a more direct
question. I I think again it could be
better worded, but the point the point
is valid as as Jeff said. Um, but
there's probably a better way of asking
this to get information that this
person's looking for.
&gt;&gt; I've attended uh shareholders meetings
and and uh analyst calls for 50 years,
60 years actually.
I haven't heard an analyst ask a
question in this vein in all that time.
I mean, you go to a meeting, you're
respectful, you're a shareholder or
you're an analyst, you're respectful of
the people there, they're respectful of
you. Uh, it's a civil conversation. So,
everything Jeff everything Jeff says is
absolutely true that, you know, the
company should be held accountable. They
should answer for their misses and for
their but there's there's a civility
that should be observed in these
meetings because we all are part of the
same project. We're all part of the same
company. We all are pulling for the same
thing. So
&gt;&gt; that is right and and I think uh Jeff
was really pointing it in the right
direction. The question is what makes
predictability so complicated? Is it
getting easier now or is it still as
complicated? That's a very fair
question.
&gt;&gt; But if you start by telling us, oh,
you've sold a salad. Why? Um, that's
just not going to do it. Okay. And then
comes my preferred one. Let me try to
master this. Here we are. Which I mean,
first I laughed
and then I didn't laugh anymore. So, to
reward long-term Tesla retail
shareholders for their loyalty, can you,
and I imagine this is Elon, commit to
achieving at least half of the goals
outlined in your 25 compensation plan
before considering any offers to acquire
or merge Tesla.
Now, this really gave me pause because
it it sort of implies so many things,
including
that this 2025 compensation package for
which we all fought so hard
might have just been a placeholder or I
don't I don't even know where they want
to go with all this. So talk about the
wrong tone, the wrong intention
and the ridiculousness, but I'll leave
it to you to comment to that now.
&gt;&gt; Well, the first thing I think that I
would like to mention is that
what is long-term?
If you look at the returns on Tesla
since its IPO, it's compounded at 44%
per year.
Okay? If you bought the stock in 2012,
it's compounded at 44% per year. If you
bought the stock in 2014, it's
compounded at 34% per year. If you
bought the stock in 2016, it's
compounded at 35% per year. It's just
the last four years
where it hasn't compounded at those
rates. If you bought the stock in 2020,
it's compounded at 50% per year.
Okay. So, is that long-term if it's less
than 5 years? Maybe. You know, if you
take capital gains treatment more than a
year, it's long-term. So, definition of
long-term is different. I'm not
suggesting that people shouldn't be
rewarded for their investment over
shorter time periods, but that's not the
way necessarily
or that shouldn't be your expectation
necessarily. Every successful company
out there has had long periods of time
of weak performance, of
underperformance, of abysmal
performance.
Every single company, I don't care
whether it's Amazon, whether it's
Microsoft, whether it's Google, whether
it's Nvidia,
Apple, every single one of them,
Microsoft went for 14 years before it
hit a new high. And I think Amazon was
similar. So, in some regards, you know,
four, four and a half years is nothing.
And it's especially hard now that we've
seen other AI companies do remarkably
well, whether it's Nvidia, AMD, Micron,
etc.
So that that's the first observation is
is that not every investor's done poorly
and even over this last you know four
years where the stock you know hasn't
hit you know really a new high there's
been certainly plenty of buying
opportunities in this time period but
still that said that that that little
nit
I I get where they're coming from here
right
you know rewarding shareholders for
their loyalty so the question is then
does Elon need to change his behavior
The implicit I think thing with this
question is that a merger is bad. That's
the implicit understanding with this
question. And so that that right there I
think is is is false. A merger could be
good. It could be bad. It's not
definitely bad. It might be, but it
might also be good or it might be
amazing. The only person that's in a
position to decide whether or not Tesla
should pursue merging with SpaceX or
vice versa is Elon Musk.
He's the only person that can make that
decision to go down that road. Other
people might suggest it to him, but he's
the only one that's in a position to
know whether that makes sense. And he's
the only one that can sell the
shareholders of both companies on the
idea of merging.
So this question for me just just uh
what whatever the term is that the going
in, you know, supposition here in terms
of where they're starting from just
seems to be wrong. And
&gt;&gt; I don't think they're going to Elon's
not going to promise anything here.
They're not going to get the answer
they're looking for for this question.
&gt;&gt; But what do you actually think that will
happen? I mean, they will just ignore
the whole question, right?
&gt;&gt; I think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't even think they will read it out
and say, "We can't answer that because
that is already too much of an answer."
&gt;&gt; Yes, that's right.
Larry,
&gt;&gt; look, this entitled attitude doesn't sit
well with me. Don't be a Tesla
shareholder. Don't be a long-term Tesla
shareholder if that's your attitude. I'm
a long-term shareholder.
I've been up and I've been down, I
guess, up and then down.
I I don't buy the share for next week. I
don't buy the share for next year. Those
shares that I bought are, you know, for
my grandchildren.
I've had Tesla shares for a very long
time.
For me, they have been miraculous in
return. Look, I'm the guy that was down
to like uh 8% of my cost price on Amazon
and I held them through then. And I
didn't hold, you know, I didn't accuse
Jeff Bezos of anything.
I lived through Amazon.toast years. I
lived through Tesla, you know, 420, you
know, take private. I lived I've lived
through it all. All I know is that I'm
extremely grateful to every single one
of the 130,000 people at Tesla and the
25,000 people at SpaceX and the all the
people who contribute to Neuralink
Boring Company. You know, I I'm very
grateful to each and every one of them
and and my family are equally grateful.
They've done a magnificent job. The
country should be so proud of them. Uh
we should all
uh enjoy their success and we should all
celebrate it.
And if you feel entitled
because you've been a shareholder for a
couple of years and the stock hasn't
moved, then you know, get out of the
stock. Get out of it. You don't belong
in this country. This is no country for
old men. Amen. Jeff,
&gt;&gt; I don't know how I topped those. I think
that those are two uh two two important
takes on the topic and they're well well
thought out. Um I don't know how first
off I think there's this question won't
get won't get discussed on the call. It
has a hypothetical in it uh related to
you know the direction of the entire
direction of the company won't it won't
get discussed but to assume that you
would understand the deal mechanics
of a mer like you would you know the
deal mechanics of a merger and you're
you're just assuming it's it feels like
it's assuming it's it's default bad or
you people that are accused of assuming
it's going to be default great. I I'm in
the camp of let's default read uh if if
something does happen, let's let the
company describe what's going to happen
and then let's absorb that information
and then decide if we like it or we
don't like it. Nobody's telling you you
have to like something or don't have to
like something. And to think that that
those goals in Elon's compensation like
he really wants to see those happen. He
wants people driving on FSD. He wants
cyber cabs proliferated, robo taxis
proliferated. He wants Optimus fully out
there and like he wants those things to
happen in a fully merged company or the
companies uh being separate. So I I I
get it. I understand why why there are
concerns. I understand why people are
thinking a certain way. I just I don't
understand this assumption of it's it's
all bad or if it's all good without
seeing like seeing a piece of paper in
front of you and reading. So just I
think people should just be a little bit
more objective on this and just don't
waste a safe question including your
vote on something that's a hypothetical
that they're not going to they're not
going to get to that. They're not going
to talk about it.
&gt;&gt; You're right. And it is obviously the
one that shows the biggest frustration.
And may I add how this will work in real
life. So we did vote last year in
November on these 12 steps and
milestones of the compensation plan.
Right in that proxy was written if there
is a merger if there's a change in
control which is not even sure yet. We
don't know. We're completely we're
completely blindsided at the moment of
what will happen if something will
happen when it will happen how it will
happen. But anyway, if there would be a
change in control, meaning you know
another entity has now more than 50% of
the say um then the milestones that are
operational would be cancelled and only
the milestones linked to market caps
would be preserved. And in that period
between merger announcement and mer
merger consummation
some of those milestones may be attained
and then are considered done. So that is
what that proxy said that proxy could
have been written for this potential
merger or for any other merger and they
had to obviously protect Elon and Tesla
in case of a different type of merger.
So it wasn't written with the intention
of okay we're putting these operational
milestones in there so that we can wave
them. I mean that's if you believe that
that is how Tesla thinks you're not in
the right company. You know that is not
how this company thinks. Now let's say
they would wave them. I do believe in a
negotiation between the independent
directors of Tesla's board with Elon and
with the SpaceX people, they might say,
"Okay, you know what? In this merger, we
reinstate these milestones or we put
even bigger ones or we put some SpaceX
ones in the middle of the Tesla ones or
I don't know what." So, they will
certainly consider any variation of it.
So just assuming the worst that this was
put in place to for hyperable or I don't
even know for what it really bothers me
to even think this through and wasting a
say question on it and voting on the say
question so that it gets pushed up
saddens me because it sort of shows
where we are now rather than you know
fighting FUD together and cheering Tesla
on and being the cult we're accused of
being now we've suddenly become the ones
that or some of us have become the ones
that think the worst, accuse Elon of the
worst, accuse the board of the worst.
And that's not a good place to be. I
really do not think the company deserves
that, nor uh should we, you know,
entertain this and make this the
cornerstones of our discussions. So
anyway, here I am. I wanted to bring
this one up. There were some other
questions more on the technical side.
Most of the other questions focused on
cyber capab unsupervised FSD rollouts
and and Optimus. So we discussed that in
the first one and then I come to the
progress report. I'm going to quickly
walk through that now. Obviously waiting
for your comments. One nice progress
report was from Europe where they're now
over 50 million kilometers. It's about
31 million miles driven on FSD
supervised in the Netherlands, Estonia,
Belgium, Lithuania and Denmark. It's
been only three months since the first
approval. So that's a very strong
uptake. Then we had some nice Tesla
communication where they reposted videos
from Tesla users about, you know, how
good FSD is, how safe it is, how it's
safe for children, how it's safe for for
deers in there. And then Sawyer had one
where you can now actually um show on
your screen what the cameras are seeing
outside and inside. So Tesla did repost
that one as well. And then obviously the
biggest progress report was on Friday,
so a couple of days later than when we
we expected Los's big announcement about
employees now riding in Cyber Cap. So
Jeff, what do you think of that?
&gt;&gt; I think it's great. And I I know Lars
hinted in our interview of something
coming in a couple of weeks and I think
it was going to be around the Tuesday
time frame of that week and it was I
don't know 48 to 60 hours later but
that's an eternity on X and you know
there's a lot of feedback on that but
that's an important milestone that
remember employees are real people like
Tesla doesn't want to hurt real people
so the fact that they are treating the
cyber cab more of like a production surf
uh service and they're just doing some
final testing of it tells us that the
the launch of that is imminent where
it's going to be giving customer rides.
I think you know this there was a big
movement that occurred a day or two ago
on robo taxi in Texas going people have
to look at people are really hung up on
the actual whole number versus the
percent move and it's really important
to watch the percent move. First off, in
the last couple of months, there have
been some 20% increases in the
unsupervised fleet. And now we have we
have the whole numbers here, but I mean
the big thing is that's a move of about
50%. In one swoop and this tells you
that the service is beginning to crawl
up and go into that exponential phase
when they're making moves like that. It
tells you the operations are ready. It
tells you that they're getting they're
getting greater and greater compet.
There was some confidence interval.
There was some amount of confidence in
performance in that release to increase
the fleet by 50%.
This a big this is a big deal. They if
they do that a couple of times these
numbers get enormous. So I know
everybody's focused on Whimo and 3,700
cars took six years to get to that and
where they're at today. And that's fine.
I think they're a great service and I
think they they've helped solve a lot of
things out there. But what you should
really be honestly focused on is the
percent moves and these increases and
then getting the cyber cab out there
because the cyber cab's going to be at a
new cost structure and when it gets to
scale a much lower cost structure. And
one of the things that Lars wanted to
offer up in that interview that he
thinks a lot of us are missing is the
volumes on Cyber Cab are going to be
enormous. It's going to be unlike any
prior Tesla vehicle. And I think you're
going to see these I think they want to
I don't think the image is clear in a
lot of people's heads and I think he
wanted to reiterate it that it's just
not going to be a couple here in a few
select cities and we'll we'll see how it
goes. They expect the they expect these
things to be all over the world
eventually, but certainly all over this
country blanketing the country with with
lowcost, very safe, comfortable ride
share. And I I just don't think that
that the volume on cyber cab I think is
a very underdised thing. And then this
volume move, this 50% move in
unsupervised robo taxis in Texas, that's
a big move.
I'm my prediction
is that
you know Whimo did 3,700 cars in six
years.
I believe that from the date that te
Tesla first rolled out its supervised
its first supervised
uh
robo taxi and we we were all there a
year ago, a little bit more than a year
ago. um that seven years to the day
after that there will be closer to 3.7
million
Tesla robo taxis on the road. That's my
prediction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that shows the difference.
Sir, you agree with that?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I think the numbers are hard to pin
down, but
small number of cars early on, of
course, we've seen that over the last
year, and that's been frustrating for
everybody.
If you have more cars in the fleet and
you've got issues that you're working
out, more cars isn't going to help you.
Work them out while the numbers are
small. That said, I would like to
register a complaint. Um, the product
manager,
&gt;&gt; not you, too.
&gt;&gt; The product manager for Cyber Cab has
had over 50 rides in the Cyber Cab. Come
on, enough is enough. Share the share
the rides. Let others experience your
joy.
I think he may take offense to that
because he's a lead engineer, not the
product manager, but
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh he calls himself the product manager.
&gt;&gt; Oh, he does?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; I mean, the engineer in Tesla is the
product manager. The product manager is
the engineer. That's just the line. I
mean, because the chief product manager
at Tesla is Elon and he's also, you
know,
&gt;&gt; chief engineer, chief product manager,
you you name it. I mean, product and
engineering are fused at Tesla like I've
never seen in any other company. In
fact, Sue and I had this con
conversation this morning. I think Elon
is easily the finest product manager in
the world. There's nobody quite like
him. He imagines pro products in the way
nobody else can. I mean, you only have
to look at the string of products that
he's created. I think soon somebody
posted a string of products and they
missed like a whole bunch of them.
Somebody posted that this morning. Yeah.
But anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Great.
&gt;&gt; So, right now we need Larry because I
wrote this article thanks to Larry. He
did Monday a show with Jeff and said,
"Yeah, and don't forget that all the
Cyber Cap fleet will become a fixed
asset." And I was on my treadmill and I
was thinking, "Oh my god, what's he
saying? What is he saying?" I didn't
even think this through. I never thought
they would go to inventory, but I didn't
think through how fixed assets and the
one beautiful bill actually give us a
beautiful opportunity here. So maybe
Larry, you want to
&gt;&gt; So, but can I just interject? So,
Alexandra, so when you're on the
treadmill, most people want upbeat
music.
&gt;&gt; They want they want to dance with my
stars.
&gt;&gt; And you got Larry and I on the screen.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. And I listen and I think,
can you imagine all that? Sweating and
all that. And I'm feeling really good
about it.
&gt;&gt; But honestly, CERN would soon would look
down his nose at me if I wasted eloquent
about the fact that they're going to be
capital assets and they're going to be
written off for tax because the truth of
the matter is Tesla has got so much so
much expense in terms of capital
investment that they're not going to pay
tax for a long time to come into the big
beautiful
&gt;&gt; and the combined entity neither. Right.
I was thinking about that. I was
thinking
&gt;&gt; but but but but but aside from that the
truth is that all of these cars are
going to go in as capital assets and
that's very important because Tesla is
going to be spilling black ink spilling
cash like crazy in 3 to four years time
and having this tax umbrella is going to
be important in due course. So I, you
know, we shouldn't underestimate it, but
it's not a near-term thing. A near-term
thing is that it's going to soak an
enormous amount of cash moving these
assets into capital, you know, in into
fixed assets. So every Cyber Truck,
sorry, every Cyber Cab is going to cost
20 grand, give or take. And, you know,
if they make a million a year, that's
$20 billion. If they make 10 million a
year, that's $200 billion. So, it's
going to soak an enormous amount of
capital. Let's not lose sight of that.
And it's more than possible
&gt;&gt; on top of six factories being built on
top of Optimus,
&gt;&gt; Terraab, you know, and so so let's just
be aware of that and and that that is
reality. But yeah, I mean uh you know
the big beautiful bill certainly gives
us an umbrella that's very very large
and don't forget Terraab is all fixed
capital you know the all the [snorts]
all the compute that we're putting in
that's fixed capital all the I mean we
are investing like there's no tomorrow
and by the way that's why that's why I
think that the cash flow
um report is going to get a lot of focus
this quarter and it's not going to be
great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, can be negative. Agree.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; can be negative.
&gt;&gt; As Jong says, the more you spend, the
more you make.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I have to tell that to my husband.
&gt;&gt; And you know what's being disruptive
right now in the in the AI? One of the
things being disruptive is just the
these chatbot LLMs and open- source
models and then this pushpull back and
forth of hey is this you know is is
there really any distinctive competitive
advantage and then the cost structure of
these open- source models and if you I
think if you contrast this to what's
going to happen with physical AI
launches
&gt;&gt; look what's happening in vehicles in
cars right now there really isn't
anybody that is meaningfully catching
up. I still I still have my litmus test
of tell me the car manufacturer where I
can go drive to the dealership, test
drive a vehicle, type in an address and
it takes me there because I hear a lot
about Alpameo. I hear a lot about uh
Nvidia. I hear a lot about different
things, but I think people really
misunderstand that they're building a
platform and they're not engineering for
the thousands of vehicle models that are
that are being sold. So there I think
the gap is widening vehicles and the and
then we we go back to the optimist
conversation of you have to pass through
a massive filter to have a meaningful
robot. You we go back to the best
product manager on earth. You have to
define the right product. You have it
has to be manufacturable at scale. And
then you have to have generalized AI
working. And there's going to be very
few companies that pass through that
filter and come out the other side with
an effective response. So I think the
physical AI world is going to look very
different to the chatbot AI world. Now
OpenAI
uh they came out early and they enjoyed
a bit of a lead for some period of time
and they built up a lot of value in
their company but that's quickly eroded.
I actually think Tesla's going to be in
the best position in the physical AI
race. Yes.
&gt;&gt; But I actually think the gap is going to
be wider.
&gt;&gt; Brilliantly said. Brilliantly said.
&gt;&gt; Which just to add to that, that means
from an evaluation perspective, there
should be a big premium put on that if
you've got a moat like that that can't
be easily attacked by other players. So
that's just something to think about.
the the the reality distortion field's
going to be wild though because you're
going to have Chinese bots doing
backflips. You're going to have people
saying this or that in the US and making
claims, but when the rubber hits the
road there there really isn't that
that's so it's the question is are we be
able to cut through all of that? Will
analysts be able to cut through all of
that and know that there's very few
there's only one potential manufacturer
on the other end of that filter that
passes through it effectively? We'll
see.
&gt;&gt; Well, it depends whether they want to
see it. They certainly don't show that
at the moment. Um, so this one surprised
me and I'm waiting for your reaction.
Elon bought personally in his own name
in his own personal name APR Energy for
over a billion to power AI. So, I have
no idea what this is. It's a fleet of
mobile gas and diesel turbines that hit
full power in under 10 minutes and scale
to hundreds of megawatts. Observers link
it to XI's massive Colossus Supercluster
in Memphis, which goes gigawatt amid
grid delays, slowing AI growth. Bought
personally by Elon, not through XI or
through Tesla. The acquisition gives him
over one gigawatt of fast deployable
capacity through though critics note the
fossil fuel clash with the sustainable
energy push. [clears throat]
So um I didn't find much more
information about it. They actually came
across this because of a SEC filing if I
remember right because obviously this
doesn't show up if you search for Tesla
or for SpaceX or for anything else. Um
anybody have an opinion on this? Where
does the billion come from? What is he
going to sell to finance this? Maybe
he's just taking out margin.
Any opinion on this?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't think he's taking out
margin. I think he's got plenty of cash.
Certainly a billion dollar here, billion
dollars here or there. He's he's got I
don't think that's a problem for him. um
as to why he's doing it because it
doesn't fit um it doesn't fit the
mission of either SpaceX
or Tesla.
It is a
tactical move. Uh I think he could have
bought it in either company. I don't
think um I think the formality
the imposition of the formalities
required to do something in a public
company probably was too difficult in
the circumstances of what he's trying to
achieve and he probably did the deal
over you know across the table with the
owner. The owner you know he he had to
get it done quickly. He had to get it
done with expedition. and he had to get
it done for tactical reasons and I think
he just did it. I think we should be
grateful that he did that he's able to
do it and that he did it and I don't
you know the spare billion here or there
he doesn't need to do it on margin he
it's probably if he borrowed the money
he probably bought it without secur
without having to secure it um so I
don't think that's an issue look um
he has bought in SpaceX before and just
recently did uh bought a tactical uh app
um tactical made tactical purchase but
each one is within the
mission of the company or the particular
component of the company that that
bought it but this I don't think fit the
mission as you pointed out I think that
it is actually counter to the mission
but it necessary so I think that's what
happened
&gt;&gt; there's a supply shortage on these multi
the year waiting list for turbines. Elon
found supply and he wanted to scarf it
up. He converts that supply and that
upfront cost to what it means in tokens,
what it means in intelligence
&gt;&gt; and he makes the deal. I've seen uh I've
worked at companies where they're
they're founder le and they make some
very large transactions if really for
expediency to keep things on track and
sometimes they they have to it's it's
you'd be surprised they they pull out
their checkbook sometimes
&gt;&gt; and either buy parts or or buy a company
not at this scale not I've not been a
party to a billion dollar transaction
like this of just by of acquiring in a
company like that. But I have seen it um
at slight at smaller scales. So I'm not
surprised. I do think it aligns and
there's a shortage in the industry and
you know that's that
&gt;&gt; I would push back a little bit about it
doesn't align with the sustainability
uh theme you know is is starship
you know sustainable energy
&gt;&gt; you know sometimes
&gt;&gt; no starship absolutely is sustainable
energy absolutely is the only way to
achieve sustainable energy on earth is
to get it from the sun the only way to
get it from the sun is to build
Starship. I mean that it there's a
direct line.
&gt;&gt; No, I that's that's my point exactly,
Larry. That that that sometimes is a
means to an end and sometimes that
initial step, you know, is burning some
some fossil fuels to get there. Right.
&gt;&gt; Fair enough. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the quicker you get there, the
better.
&gt;&gt; Uh Elon also, I think, is a master at
&gt;&gt; seeing the future. Um and of course, we
know that there's already a massive, you
know, shortage of capacity for for power
plants, generators, etc. And here's
Elon, you know, buying up the supply.
Um, probably just securing it for his
own purposes or maybe just think even
thinking ahead and saying, you know
what, this is a billion dollar call
option. It's it's this worth having
this.
&gt;&gt; I my first thought was given the free
cash flow situation in Tesla, it was
probably not wise to put another billion
invoice [snorts] through there. I mean,
I do understand that it would have not
&gt;&gt; it wouldn't have been a Tesla invoice.
It wouldn't have been a Tesla. It would
have been
invoice.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And given the SpaceX recent
acquisitions, cursor and all that, I
probably they thought, you know,
&gt;&gt; I just keep it out of there for the
moment and uh and go for it quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think he probably had to move
very quickly and didn't want to go
through the process. But anyway, I mean,
whatever it is, it's a private purchase.
Um
and the question is,
you know, should that be normalized?
probably not. So, it'll be interesting
to see it would have been it is going to
be interesting to hear at the at the
SpaceX shareholders meeting him answer a
question on that subject because there
will be a question on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree on that. So, that
actually brings us to SpaceX. So, we
have spent now nearly 50 minutes talking
about Tesla. This part will be shorter,
but I still, you know, want to start
introducing information about SpaceX in
the cyber bulls and I hope Herbert keeps
that up. So, when we're done in a couple
of minutes, we will all watch Starship
fly
flight number 13. If I am rightly
informed, I'm not trying to catch the
booster this time. This is for the first
time also to bring some commercial
satellites
sub orbit, but up there. So, there are
two two goals. The booster itself will
splash into the Gulf of Mexico. The
upper stage will be somewhere in the
Indian Ocean. You probably all know much
more than me, so take it from me, Larry.
You all know everything.
&gt;&gt; As we speak, we are 42 minutes and 24
seconds away from T0.
Whether we'll hit T0 or not, I don't
know. There's typically, you know, at 40
seconds to go, there's typically a hold.
Uh even for convenience, just just to
make sure.
&gt;&gt; How many have you seen? How many have
you seen on on site? Because you've been
to couple.
&gt;&gt; Fi five in real life. Um and the
including the first booster return and
including the one that our president
went to uh view. Um [clears throat]
and each one is more thrilling than the
last. I missed the last by a day because
it got delayed and I thought it was
going to be delayed further as it turned
out I was mistaken.
I miss today's because just a lot of
family stuff going on. Um, and I'm going
to miss the next. So, we should talk
about the next launch because
there is within a month of today
the potential for the next launch. If
things go well today, they could well
launch within a month. Now, think about
that. Within a month.
It's just an extraordinary thought.
And if they launch within a month,
there's a real possibility that the
following launch will be within two
weeks, two to three weeks. I shouldn't
say two weeks. So, the rate of
improvement is potentially incredible.
And this all started with, you know,
firing a water tank into the air.
And and you know,
I can't begin to tell you my level of
excitement about this project. It is
true.
&gt;&gt; If anybody is as excited as Larry,
please watch the 34 minutes they
published on the SpaceX feed called
Critical Path is. I mean, I'm by far not
a space connoisseur the way Larry is,
but these are the best 34 minutes I've
ever spent on the topic. You see all the
engineers, you see how they prepared
that very first Starship flight, how
difficult it was, how monstrously big
this thing is. Um, I I cannot recommend
it more. So, I I really hope you all get
to see this.
&gt;&gt; And and if I could just add one more
thing and how young
and impressive
the people are at SpaceX. I agree.
Agree.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's just extraordinary.
&gt;&gt; You know, we watch we watch the NASA
launches and the Boeing launches and we
see these middle-aged
men, some women, but mainly middle-aged
here. Youngsters,
&gt;&gt; kids,
&gt;&gt; kids, young women
who run the place. I mean
just an amazing set of people and you
can see the you know the eye the shining
faces the sparkling eyes the the level
of intensity I mean why can't we all be
like that in this country just amazing
and as I'm speaking they're about to
start
&gt;&gt; the countdowns
&gt;&gt; no not the countdown they start pumping
the fuel into the into the rocket. Right
now, it's all being spilling out, but
it's about to start. They're about to
they're within a minute or so of
starting to fly.
&gt;&gt; And two days ago, we had the 600th
flight of a reused Falcon 9 booster.
600. And half an hour before we started,
we had the one in California, which is
just above my house. So, I actually had
it the whole Sonic experience again here
like so many times. I mean, these are
just such exciting times. 600
reused boosters. I mean,
&gt;&gt; if I could add one word, we had the
600th
reflight of a booster. 600th. [snorts]
And everybody's a Gogg because China
finally landed one booster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; China, the country.
&gt;&gt; That's the gap. That is exactly the gap.
Um, on other SpaceX news, if I find the
button, here it is. I I I think I'm
doing better than last week. So, there
is a learning curve to all this. Um,
which is Starink version five has
launched a kit, very small, beautiful
designed. I mean, I
Jeff, you're the specialist in this
field. Tell us all about it.
&gt;&gt; It looks like it's being on a lot of
specs. I think the the it was
interesting that the peak um data rate
spec I think is a little bit lighter
&gt;&gt; than the V4 dish. So it look like
they're going for power efficiency and
size. I'm sure there's many other
improvements in this. This is a very
special factory that builds this in uh
Bayrip Texas. This is a fully automated
factory that literally bags of resin
dust are coming in the door and
components are coming in the door and
the output are uh Starlink dishes coming
out the other side, millions of them
serving the entire world. So, it's a
very special factory. If you have the
opportunity to go there and see it, it's
enormous in size. But for the United
States, it's a very special factory cuz
we don't we don't do enough of this and
we almost don't do it at all in the US
where you're doing uh full-on vertically
integrated uh electronics, small
electronics manufacturing
is somewhat rare in the US. And if we
followed that model, we would be making
actually a lot more things here in the
US than we are today.
&gt;&gt; That is true. Sir,
&gt;&gt; I was just going to add that they make I
think it's 170,000 Starlink terminals a
week, which I think is 8 and a half
million a year worldwide for the sell to
the world. U and this is just another
example of just the constant iteration
that Elon and his teams do. Um you know,
and how many times do you need to
iterate on a Starlink terminal? Well,
apparently many. There's many
opportunities to keep improving it.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that is true. That is true. Now, I'm
going to show you the next slide because
when Herbert is there, we're not allowed
to be political. No, no, no. This is
actually a neutral political um slide.
This is about Grock being measured by
this organization called Neutrality Orc.
You can follow them all on X. They don't
have many followers yet and they do
deserve all our support. So they did a
study of all the current large language
models out there and where they are on
the political spectrum and the green
line if that is in any way visible here
is the neutral point and the only one
even in that zone is of course
um Grock and all other 17
of the 18 that were tested are far or
very far on the left spectrum. I thought
that was a very interesting
um chart and a very interesting
analysis. Elon reposted it and said
Grock is the most politically neutral
and uh objectivity truth seeking AI. I
make that experience. I use it in my day
job every day. I also obviously use it
for more private use and I never felt it
to be you know politically on one side
or the other. Do let me know if you have
a different experience.
&gt;&gt; What's the y-axis there? What does the
y- axis represent on that chart?
&gt;&gt; Let me show you again and I will try to
read it. I think it was
going let me find it for you while I let
you talk and I will tell you. probably
represents model capability of some
sort.
&gt;&gt; I think so. I think it's I think it's
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, it's good. I I think that this is a
very important thing. If we're going to
have artificial intelligence infused
into literally everything, then you want
something to be as Elon says maximally
truth seeeking and and politically
neutral to the extent you can have that.
I think that's a very important goal.
Um, it's interesting, just as a quick
aside, uh, Demis Hosabus put out a piece
this this week urging sort of for an AI,
uh, you know, version of of of FINRA, a
self-regulatory body. And it sounds good
on paper. It sounds good to have some
kind of check and balance. Um, you know,
I have some personal experience with
FINRA. Yes, they do a good job, but you
are adding a lot of potential layers of
bureaucracy and who knows what else. And
time is of the essence. This is
literally a race
um with our adversaries.
Um and these are weapon systems.
These are absolutely weapon systems. So
if you were developing a new fighter
plane, would you want to have something
stopping you from developing the best
technology you possibly could?
It's there's it's on par with that. So
that I think we have to tread very very
carefully here. The other thing that
that no one's talking about, absolutely
no one, is that okay, we can put this in
place. The call the western countries of
the world the other countries are not
going to care that we are slowing
ourselves down and doing the right
thing.
And then [clears throat] they're going
to put out their version of AIS that are
going to constantly attack our computer
systems. What are we doing to secure our
computer systems against billions of AI
systems that are attacking us daily
every minute?
I haven't heard anybody talk about that
problem yet. It's always on the model
development in terms of constraining the
capability. But what about the defensive
side of things on when the inevitable
attacks will come? And by the way,
cyerspace is a battleground already that
we we just don't see. You don't see
bombs going off in cyerspace, but
believe me, there is a war going on in
cyerspace every day. We're under attack
all the time.
&gt;&gt; I trust Elon in this regard better than
almost anybody in terms of being able to
help defend us. I mean, but you but
you're right, sir. People are not paying
attention
and and we have these
very
these people who have been brought up in
this age where you know we have to be so
attentive to the other people that we
start thinking about all our obligations
instead of defending ourselves. I mean
it it it's very serious. So long before
we start thinking about regulating
ourselves, I think we start have to
start thinking about defending ourselves
and and making sure that what we have is
not going to get taken away,
you know, from external forces. But I'm
I'm aligned with you 100%. But I will
have to tell you all that it is 6:14.
Starship. Starship is Starship is busy
being filled with
explosives right now.
&gt;&gt; Two more for two more slides. We We're
getting there. It would be a shame if we
wouldn't finish this one. The only the
only thing I just wanted to say on the
AI data center thing is
&gt;&gt; sorry to go back just
&gt;&gt; the politicians
&gt;&gt; are not they said they need time to
&gt;&gt; to come up with this legislation and
guardrails but are they working as
quickly as the model makers and as
around the clock as the model makers
especially our adversaries in China as
CERN brought up no they they so our
adversaries and the people making these
models they never stop they're working
literally around the talk are
politicians I no so when they say that
they need more time why don't they just
work harder why don't they just work
faster why don't they bring more people
into the conversation why is it just
always asking for more time and delays
and moratoriums when as CERN said
rightfully so the rest of the world is
not stopping
&gt;&gt; yeah that is exactly right okay now
quickly because if not we're losing
Larry and we don't want that especially
not now Shamat went on CNBC Tuesday
morning for quite some time He had an
idea that Starink would develop a mobile
phone in some way direct to consumer
here in the United States. I want to
hear Jeff on that. He emphasized the
industrial logic of a merger with Tesla.
He discussed the premium for Tesla
acquisition, naming it having to be to
up to 50%. It's a one minute video. I
think we should play that if you haven't
heard it. And he called Grock among the
best five LLMs. So the only two topics I
really want to address is stall stall st
star st star st star st star st star
stallink mobile to consumer. Jeff do you
really think this is a possibility and
then if you want to see the video I have
it ready.
&gt;&gt; Are we watching the video first or
&gt;&gt; I want to hear you on stall stallink
being mobile device whatever
&gt;&gt; I I think briefly this area is ripe for
disrup uh disruption uh both in in
performance and in cost. It is possible
but you are going to need some you are
going to need some terrestrial presence.
Uh so is that SpaceX linking up with an
operator with the you know the best
footprint in roaming agreements on on
Earth? Uh possibly
uh for for inbuilding penetration and
you know for other areas but I I
actually think that they're going this
direction. Whether they make a device or
not really depends on the use case and
are the problems being solved. I do know
I am aware and it's all some of it I
could say is just you know you're
hearing in the industry like we have
device smartphone makers today but it
looks like some of these AI companies
are acquiring hardware teams to both
make robotics and potentially to make
they call them communication devices
um not necessarily a phone. So I
actually think this space is going to
heat up. I think people want to
transform what the our our former
smartphone is. I've talked about it on
this show. It hasn't really progressed.
You this this rectangle that's we have
in our pockets is you could put the same
software on one from seven. In fact,
Lars even made a joke about it to us
that he is doing that. And so it hasn't
really progressed in a several years.
And I think there the both the device
and the infrastructure piece of it which
we're talking about Starlink mobile are
both right for disruption for an AI
communicator device. Don't need the app
store. You just need to it should know
what you want and if it doesn't know
what you want, you should be able to ask
it and it should be able to provide it
for you without having to thumb through
a 100 apps on your phone.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that sounds like Grock, doesn't it?
I'm going to quickly play that video
because I really do believe that that is
interesting for all of us and then uh
let's take it from there.
&gt;&gt; How much does SpaceX have to pay for
Tesla for the independent board to say
this is a fair deal given the various
incentives and power that lies in all
this? And Elon Elon obviously at the
&gt;&gt; Great question. Um I think if you look
at a
If if you look at like a traditionally
trading business, it's probably a 20 to
30% premium, but because of the
volatility of Tesla and the number of
shareholder lawsuits that may come up no
matter what. I mean,
&gt;&gt; if he eats a sandwich the wrong way, he
unfortunately gets sued. So, it's
probably a 50% premium.
&gt;&gt; A 50% premium.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Poly to everybody. That that was a hell
of a two hours.
&gt;&gt; So, that was that. Um I always feel that
Shamat is launching launching all these
hot balloons out there. He is always
sent maybe not sent but feeling himself
being sent to test ideas. What is your
understanding?
&gt;&gt; Well, he's certainly, you know, well
connected with Elon. I don't think that
he's necessarily sent
uh I think he's speaking his own mind.
Um,
you know, again, it's not for me so much
the price that the deal is struck at.
It's the structure of the deal itself
that's important.
Um,
and all the other details that go with
it. So, it's interesting. You know, I
think the more chatter there is from
people that know Elon well, um, you
know, I think you take that
as kind of the mosaic, you know, that
that is, you know, everything about
Tesla and SpaceX and you put that into
your your thinking cap.
&gt;&gt; That is true. Larry, any thoughts before
you see that rocket leave?
&gt;&gt; Not really. I I don't believe that uh
he's floating a trial balloon for Elon.
I have a immense respect for Chamath. I
think he's one of the deepest thinkers.
Um, but I I don't I don't subscribe to
that type of analysis. I disagree with
it. I think there's going to have to be
a
objective analysis of relative value and
that's the basis in which it's going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Jeff, last word on that and
then I take it. I I can't agree more
with what Larry said. I don't think that
was a trial balloon, but more of him
being provocative and and he has been
out front and and and I would say right,
forget about the numbers, but just on on
things that could happen, transactions,
he's been more right than wrong. I would
say of late in the past, he's got a
different history. Um, so we'll see what
happens.
&gt;&gt; Good. And that brings me to the last
earnings call, which is the SpaceX
earnings call because we don't know the
date yet. My personal belief is that it
is either one or two weeks after the
Tesla call. So on Wednesday, July 29th
or August 5th, you all watch out for any
announcement on the um IR site of uh of
SpaceX. It cannot or should not be later
than August 9th because the 10 Q for all
companies of this size are due August
10th. There is a possibility for a first
come because obviously for SpaceX it's
going to be the first earnings call as a
public company to ask for a 5day it's
called an NT10Q extension. So maybe it's
going to be pushed later. But honestly
August 9th is the real deadline and
we'll see whether that holds. Anybody
have any other thought? If not, we're
going to close it here and we're happy
to have Herbert back next week.
&gt;&gt; I think that uh there's a real chance of
another deal, another
um deal for
capacity, compute capacity between now
and the announcement. And that
announcement may well happen either to
delay the the call or happen on the
call. That's what I believe.
&gt;&gt; Okay. You know something or you just
guess something?
&gt;&gt; Absolute guess. I don't know anything.
Nobody shares that type of information
with me and I wouldn't I wouldn't repeat
it.
&gt;&gt; My provocative question would be does
Elon need to be on the SpaceX earnings
call?
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, sir.
Well said.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know my opinion because I
obviously hope there might be a big
announcement in that earnings call. So,
obviously I would like to hear Elon say,
"Well, wait a minute. One last thing."
And on that, I'm going to leave it.
&gt;&gt; I don't think they would announce that
during an earnings call, but
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it would be so cute.
&gt;&gt; Bye guys. Love you all, but gotta go.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for being here today with me. I
really appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; Good job.
&gt;&gt; Byebye. Thank you. Byebye.
[music]