Channel:     munrolive
Title:       BYD Electric Motor Teardown | Full Engineering Analysis by Munro
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LfDuyqmsts
Published:   2026-03-06 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome to Monroe Live. I'm Paul
Turbull
&gt;&gt; and I'm Matthew Lawrence.
&gt;&gt; We're here today to talk about this BYD
motor. But first, a little background on
Monroe and Associates. We're uh an
engineering consulting firm that helps
our clients beat the competition by
number one knowing what the competition
is doing and number two implementing
lean design principles to improve their
designs and get ahead. This is one of
the key competitors out there right now.
BYD is the big player in the EV market
and um hybrid market right now in China.
And there's been a lot of talk about how
they are moving ahead of the European
and US competitors.
And so we're going to take apart, this
is one of their latest motors. We took
apart an older version um not too long
ago from the Skywell and found that uh
this this particular one has a lot in
common with their their older one. Um,
so it's a um a pretty compact unit. Um,
how many kilowatts is it?
&gt;&gt; So, this motor is 183 and I think the
torque is about 330 Nm,
&gt;&gt; which is about the same as it was
before, but um this only weighs um 84
kg.
Um, and so it's in a tight package,
smaller, lighter. Um,
it's the IDM210.
And to 210 refers to the diameter, the
stator inside the the motor housing. And
it's a part of a new family of motors
that BYD is is coming out with. It's
going into the the Han, the Tang, and
the Tang L. The Han is a a performance
sedan, and the Tang is a SUV, and the
Tang L is a seven passenger SUV. And
this is the rear drive unit for th for
those for the mainline version of this,
the mainstream version. Um they have a
higher performance version of this that
does I think almost 500 kilowatts. So
we're going to have a quick look at
what's going on inside.
All right. First of all,
it's quite clear we got Borg Warner's
name is all over this. This is a BYD
drive unit, but uh clearly Borg Warner
is the supplier for this. and uh um
they've done a fantastic job. We keep
seeing
incremental improvements. Um one of the
things that we're it's nice to see is
the improvement in the
um water. So this is where the water
passes from the inverter into the motor
and this connection is automatically
made when the inverter comes down. But,
uh, the seal system here, uh, has a a
face seal on the top and a O-ring around
the
around this part that goes inside. And
so, the double seal is to try to keep
regardless of thermal expansion and over
time
&gt;&gt; orientation
&gt;&gt; orientation, it'll always uh, keep that
seal. uh which is critical. We don't
want water leaking out anywhere.
So that's all nice. One of the a couple
things that saw over here when we did
the uh p pulled off this cover is that
these um connections to the motor are
flexible. They used a stranded wire to
make this this connection and that uh
makes assembly a lot easier to make sure
that it will
You can move the parts in
&gt;&gt; tolerances,
&gt;&gt; but it does cause some issues because uh
now vi over vibration this flexible lead
can uh has to be supported to make sure
that you don't have um electrical
connection failure down in there. And a
connection failure at the three-phase
connection of a motor like this is a
catastrophe. So, um it's really
important to keep all this stuff well
supported.
All right. It's a
12.83
to1 ratio is what they were told. And
which is an unusually high gear ratio,
which means it's a real fast spinning
motor. Uh close to 18,000 RPM.
And uh we got uh roller bearings for the
lay shaft. This is the lay shaft. So
input shaft, lay shaft and the output.
Large number of gear teeth on the on the
output and uh big difference between the
number of gear teeth on the input and
the on the lay shaft.
relatively small deer teeth, which is
one of the things that's enabled by the
330 Nton meters of torque, which is
relatively low for a rear drive unit.
And there it is. There's the resolver.
Uh, one thing that's nice, sometimes
companies will put um adjustment
mechanisms in there, so slotted uh screw
holes to allow them to tweak it. This is
solidly mounted with no adjustment, no
mechanical adjustment, which implies
that they use uh software to um adjust
the
&gt;&gt; virtually. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right, we're going to open up the
inverter now. It has 21 screws, two of
which were security bits, so we went and
uh took those out already. I'll put on
some gloves and uh get rolling.
Here we go.
The DC power comes from the battery. It
comes in here. It goes through this.
This is a filter that uh filters out
some of the switching ripple. The
switching comes from the switches. This
is the control board for the switches.
And then underneath this are the
switches, the um
&gt;&gt; MOSFETs.
&gt;&gt; They're either MOSFETs or IGBTs. And at
this point, we can't see enough of them
to know that which way. This is the
capacitor.
Um they've got 510 microfarads of
capacitance. It's showing it's a 750
volt DC capacitor.
Um and then the three-phase power then
comes from so it's DC coming in here and
then three-phase AC coming going out
here uh through this. This is the
current set of current sensors. Um,
since it's all one block, I can't tell
whether they're using two or three
current sensors.
&gt;&gt; It It looks like three, like
&gt;&gt; like all three of the the currents are
being measured.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
Tesla just does two, other companies do
three. It's a you only really need two
to do the control, but knowing the third
gives you a way of uh detecting faults.
And so it's a relatively inexpensive way
to detect faults um that are um not
detectable any other way. uh although
Tesla uses uh some clever software
algorithms to try to get that fault
detection with just two.
Um,
so this is a rather interesting um,
uh, filtering arrangement and, uh, we're
going to want to take a little closer
look at that. Uh, this can help with,
um,
uh, reducing the
EMI noise and it also helps with
reducing bearing currents and loss in
the motor. uh when you filter the the DC
coming into the um so
&gt;&gt; it's like a fite choke or
&gt;&gt; yes uh like a fite choke but uh they
usually use a little different material
for that because the power is so much
higher. Um you'll see kind of a fite
choke on like your laptop power supply
that kind of thing. It's the same idea
but amped up to uh
&gt;&gt; 400 plus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thousands of watts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Under this board. When we take
this apart, then uh there's the the
cooling for it. But uh you can see the
water comes on in here.
&gt;&gt; Passes through the uh
the heat the
&gt;&gt; switching board.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Underneath the switches where most
of the heat is taking place. and then
then leaves here and goes into the
motor.
One of the things we like is there's
just one big casting. The castings are
expensive. Uh and
um everything else is done. The two the
top and bottom covers are just stampings
uh which are significantly less
expensive at um the appropriate
uh volumes. So at 150,000 volume that
this is is produced at maybe more if
they're using this in other vehicles
um then these stampings are going to
save them quite a bit of money. All
right, we have the uh BYYD
Borg Warner motor all torn apart here.
And so I'm going to go part by part and
tell you a little bit about what we see
at Monroe and Associates in this kind of
a assembly. As we already mentioned that
it's on the surface a very standard
looking um
electric drive unit. It's uh well over
200 horsepower type of drive unit and
it's in this drive unit is used in um
mainstream electric vehicles uh a
midsize SUV and a sedan um for the China
market.
Uh it's a high volume application
and
we we're seeing sort of a convergence of
every automaker arriving at kind of the
same looking drive unit um across the
board with uh two-stage gear reduction,
a bar wound stator and a interior magnet
PM machine with the inverter closely
integrated in with the housing of the of
the motor all kind of together as one
unit. And that's proved to be an
extremely cost-effective way of doing a
powertrain for an electric vehicle. This
is also used in their um their hybrid
application. They kind of have an
extended range electric type hybrid
uh that they use this powertrain for.
So, I'm going to go ahead and start here
at the back end of the of the motor. So,
this is the the rear cover of the motor.
In it, the the inverter is mounted on
top and it passes the three-phase
connections through here into the
stator. Um, but what I want to really
focus on here is this back section. um
that provides
a mounting spot for their resolver.
So the resolver fits down in here.
This tells the machine, the controls the
position of the rotor. And I like this
resolver because it's really small and
uh inexpensive. Fits right down in here.
It has no shielding on it and it doesn't
need shielding because it's in this
aluminum pocket in the back of the motor
isolated from the high power um and and
strong fields of the motor. So nice
pocket for the uh resolver. Also, if you
look down inside there, you see this
this brush thing. It's a uh these are
carbon fiber brush that touches the
shaft and that helps dissipate any
static electricity and also high
frequency electricity that ends up being
generated in the shaft by the action of
the switching um in the stator. So you
have the stator that transmits power to
the rotor and it also ends up generating
a little bit of electricity in the rotor
shaft which can build up and if you
don't do something like that then it
will tend to arc produce electricity
arcs that arc across the bearing. This
is the rear bearing for the the motor
that fits into that location. And this
by the way is the resolver rotor. So
this is what goes into that back end of
the machine. And then this the outside
part of this bearing the um outer
diameter
um fits in here loose fit that um where
the tolerances are taken up by these two
O-rings. So there these allow a little
bit of compression and they keep the
outer race of the bearing
uh steady while it's in here. and it
allows for nice easy slip fit assembly.
Um, but if you look carefully at this
insert, this is inserted into the
casting during the casting process. Um,
it's not your typical steel. Um, you
like to have steel on steel for your
bearing mount because the aluminum when
it gets hot, it expands at a faster rate
than the aluminum than the steel of the
of the ro the bearings. And so having
steel here eliminates that um difference
in expansion rate. So the fit stays
perfect overall temperatures. But this
is actually coated with a material that
makes this um very low conductivity
electrical conductivity. So it isolates
the bearing from the electrical
uh voltage that's generated by the
action of the motor. And so instead of
having the electricity generated by the
motor going through the bearing, it has
an easier path going through the brush
the brushes here um from the from the
rotor. So we have a the housing and the
rotor end up being at the same
electrical potential
and you don't end up with u bearing wear
due to bearing currents. So this is a
nice solution. It's not cheap. This, you
know, this component costs a little bit
of extra money and this special insert
cost a little bit of extra money, but
it's much cheaper because they can use a
standard bearing here. It's much cheaper
than using ceramic ball bearings
um than uh so that some other companies
use and other methods for um like for
example a uh a a carbon brush that sits
on here. Um so other methods are more
expensive than this. So, it's a
cost-effective way to eliminate a
failure mode and it's something that
um BYD has some experience with. Uh but
also Borg Warner offers this kind of
solution. Um and it's the kind of thing
that a company that has been in the
electric drive unit business for a long
time um can offer their customers. And
Borg Warner is a good example of that.
um you don't if you notice but uh you
know so we see uh Borg Warner is on all
of these. So BYD has contracted with
Borg Warner to manufacture this um drive
unit to their specifications
and BYD is going to specify a motor that
is a little bit different than for their
China applications a little bit
different than what Borg Warner would
offer to say for example a North
American or a European customer. Um and
and a good example of that is um the
water cooling.
So in the China market
um water cooling is an except
exceptionally
uh cost-effective method for cooling the
motor. Um the downside of water cooling
is it cools the stator very nicely but
it does absolutely nothing to cool the
rotor. Uh, so the rotor ends up just
roasting um and that puts a lot of
pressure on the magnet. So the magnets
end up um potentially could demagnetize
um because they get hot
when you're at under extreme conditions.
For the China market, that's not really
a problem because they can have rare
earth magnets that have as much dprosium
and turbium in them as they need to give
make the magnets impervious to high
temperature. So in the China market,
water cooling and not cooling the rotor
is a good option for the rest of the
world where heavy rare earth elements
are difficult to get a hold of and high
power permanent magnets um are represent
a supply chain risk. Usually we want to
oil cool to make sure that the rotor can
be cooled and the temperature of the
rotor is managed so that we can use
magnets that don't contain the heavy
rare earth elements. So one different
solutions for different applications and
different markets and this is something
that you know multinational corporations
like Borg Warner are able to offer and
customize for their their uh
applications and their customers.
So water cooling
what the big problem with water cooling
is the potential for leaks. I did a
review of one of BYD's earlier motors
that showed evidence of some
lastminute engineering to fix potential
leak issues on the water cooling.
Typically, you'll have either an
extrusion here that has hollow passages
for the water
um and then you have to seal on both
sides of the extrusion. So the extrusion
goes to casting um and you have to try
to seal those the the top and bottom
with RTV and that's where uh BYD
previously on their previous design had
some issues and had to do some design
changes and we did made a previous video
about that. Here they took the inner and
outer housing both cast material. So
they cast an inner housing and they cast
an outer housing and then they use stir
friction stir welding to weld it
together on the top and down at the
bottom. And then they come back and they
machine the surface so it's utterly
seamless and hermetically sealed. So
there is no chance for a leak. There's
no O-ring seals between the two housings
that could become damaged and leak. Um
so this is an excellent solution uh kind
of bulletproof solution for producing a
leakp proof water cooled motor. Um and
it's a unique right now uh in the
industry. I'm I'm really happy to see
this uh Borg Warner has a has a
fantastic solution for uh water cooled
market water cooled motor for the China
market. Um, it's a also relatively
inexpensive process. But having said
that, it's not super cheap to make
machined castings, one that fits inside
the other with these clever little fins
on the old on the outside of the inner
casting to produce great heat transfer
and then friction stir weld it all
together and machine it all to make it
one seamless
um, housing. This isn't
um super cheap, but it's less expensive
than say for example an oil cooling.
You'd have to buy an oil pump and an oil
to water heat exchanger uh as separate
components and then the integration
problem of tuning your oil flow and your
pump flow for the operating conditions
of the vehicle. Um so different
companies are using different solutions
for this. uh for the China market, this
is a really great solution. Uh and I'm
happy to see it in in the in this drive
unit from BYD.
Uh I'm not sure I would recommend this
for uh Western Europe or the US market.
Um all right. In the for the drive unit,
the uh the gearbox,
um we have really a pretty standard
gearbox. It's a two-stage gearbox. The
This is an input shaft that the motor
rotor
uh drives this and then this is the lay
shaft, a secondary shaft uh that
produces some of the gear half the gear
reduction and then this other half the
gear reduction is t done by the
differential um and then the two shafts
going half shafts going out to the
wheels um go out here. Um this is a
fantastic example and has very low
friction. I would normally spin it, but
I don't have this bearing seated because
this this bearing was a press fit, and I
don't want to have to pull it back out
again because it was tough to pull out.
Um, one thing that stands out though on
this is how compact this whole unit is.
They've arranged the the three gears as
as tightly as possible for this gear
reduction. Um, and for the loads that
this has to handle, it's a pretty high
torque motor. Um, and it's a high-speed
motor, so very compact, uh, gear
reduction. Um, and,
uh, this casting,
uh, form fit right around. Um, what that
helps with is the oil flow. So the the
differential outside gear picks up the
oil and slings it up into pockets at the
top and then the oil uh drains down
through channels in the casting uh to
lubricate all the bearings. So no uh
dedicated oil pump for um lubrication on
the um gears. It's all done by slinging
oil um the action by the action of the
gears. Um very cost-e effective solution
for um keeping everything lubricated.
They don't need this to run this oil all
over the motor um for cooling. It's only
um contained here in the gearbox.
So that's the the gearbox. Uh excellent
example again.
Taken as a whole
uh and stepping back and costing out
each of these items, we see that this uh
motor and drive unit is very likely the
lowest cost drive unit that we have ever
encountered for this capability uh over
200 horsepower type um drive unit. And
so
even at the low cost that uh we have for
this for the China market right now and
the competitive pressure that BYD is
under, it's almost certainly still not
enough. So, I know that BYD is coming
back to Borg Warner and looking for even
more cost-saving ideas, even though this
sets a new benchmark for finding ways to
reduce cost in every single component as
we go. All right, I'm going to come back
to the stator in a little bit. Um, it's
an interesting stater um although it's a
kind of a standard winding diagram,
but uh we're we'll talk about it in a
little bit. I'm going to jump to the
rotor here. Um the rotor is a interior
magnet PM machine has uh a double V
construction for the the magnets. And
we're going to do a another video
another time to talk about exactly why
uh these motor manufacturers are going
with interior permanent magnets that
always seem to have either a single V or
a double V construction and what they
what the benefit of that is. But uh it's
it's been this this construction for uh
permanent magnet motor has become
ubiquitous in the in the industry. Um,
we see Hyundai using it. We see GM using
it. Ford is using it. Um, Toyota
practically originated it back in the
day with the Prius. Um, uh, Nissan is
using it. Uh, just goes the list goes on
and on. Uh, just about every major
manufacturer is using a a variation on
this type of rotor. But nobody is
putting a deep groove in the OD outside
diameter like this. Norm, this is a very
high-speed rotor and it spins at almost
20,000 RPM and
normally you want to have an unbroken
uh outside diameter because you want the
hoop stress for the
um steel laminations to be uniformly
distributed around the the perimeter.
So this groove that required some
detailed engineering and finite element
analysis in order to design the radi on
this the radiuses and design the depth
of that groove in order to make it
structurally hold together when this
thing is spinning at extremely high
speed. One thing that does help them is
that the diameter of this rotor is a
little bit smaller than the diameter
that we see other companies use. The
typical diameter is 150 millimeters or
about 6 in. And this is more like 138
millimeters,
just a little bit smaller to reduce the
stress on the outside diameter and allow
them to do this. What they get from that
normally with this double V construction
of the magnets, it focuses the magnetic
field into the center and it produces a
a a prominent spike of
uh magnetic flux coming out of the
center of the of the rotor. By putting
in this groove, it flattens out that um
prominent spike of flux and makes the
flux from the magnets uh much more
sinosoidal
and that helps reduce loss in the motor.
Um so it's addition it it reduces torque
ripple and noise but it also reduces
loss um by smoothing out the flux from
the rotor. So that's very interesting
and I haven't seen that in other rotors
before the permanent magnet rotors and
it's interesting um adaptation.
Okay, let's take talk about this
inverter. Uh very thin inverter
uh pancake, you know, like a pizza box
type style that sits nice and flat on
top of the motor. This is a rear motor
application and so it's very important.
And I'm sure BYD had tight regular
specifications for the maximum height of
this inverter uh because they need to
give the customer in the you know the
trunk space um as much as possible. You
don't want to encroach on the uh
passenger compartment and so there's a
very little space between you know the
bottom of the of the drive unit and the
ground and the top of this drive unit.
So, keeping this as as thin as possible
was a key part of the design that caused
it to spread out a little bit. Um, it
has all the usual components. The DC
energy comes in from the battery here,
goes into a large capacitor. This helps
smooth out the the current ripple that
comes from the motor and stores energy
for the switching events so that it can
fill in the gaps of the of the switching
events. So that's what the capacitor is
there for. These are the switches. There
are six switches in here. Uh actually
it's 12 is two is pairs. They're are
discrete devices.
Um, and I haven't seen this kind of
packaging before. Um, it's cooled on
both sides. We have this uh cooling
channel on the top and cooling channel
on the bottom. Other companies do this
sim something similar uh but not this
thin. The the switching devices are only
four millimeters thick. Uh so they must
be going like bare dye um right onto the
substrate and then directly connected to
the cooling. Uh it's uh you want to have
as as thin uh and and low resistance
cooling path as possible with these
switches to be able to handle the
thermal um load.
And so these guys, this is a step above
what I've seen done in in other um
inverters in the industry.
Uh very
um novel I think uh for how this is
done. Also the fact that they're using
this copper, it's of course a great
thermal conductor, but it also is
electrical conductor. And this provides
shielding by putting copper on both the
top and the bottom of the switching
devices. The electromagnetic
interference that is generated by these
switching devices is shielded from all
the rest of the components. On the back
side, we've got these
uh these are the gate drive controllers,
and these can be relatively sensitive to
um electromagnetic interference. And so
having the the shielding on both sides
of the switching devices helps shield
that uh sensitive electronics from from
the noise of this. There's actually the
amazing thing is there is um as much
power going through these switches as
there is in a whole neighborhood
uh of homes. So 15 or 20 homes could be
lit up with the power that's going
through this uh these switches at at
when you're doing full max pedal
acceleration.
And so shielding the um all the
components from that power is essential
especially these three
devices here. These are the current
sensors
and they do not have a uh usually
there's a steel yolk around
each of the
current sensors to sort of contain the
magnetic field of the three phases. And
if we look underneath the three-phase
current coming from the switches
uh and going down to the motor passes
directly underneath
these three
um current sensors.
So it picks up the the current without
uh shielding without the magnetic uh
steel around it. Um which is a huge cost
save and uh package savings. is much
more compact. Um, normally these things
are quite uh large and heavy. Uh, and
that's only really made possible by this
uh fully shielded switching package. So,
great little tight compact package that
enables some cost savings as well. Um,
win-win situation. The other thing I
love to point out is um this is all one
casting.
Uh then and the
controller is mounted on the other side
and this controller is again shielded
from the electromagnetic interference
not just by the cooling channels but by
the casting itself by mounting it on the
opposite side using this single casting.
Other companies use a separate cast
um part as the shield to shield the
essentially the controller from that.
And here they've done that with a single
part. And they they don't uh put a big
another heavy casting over the top of
it. They use a stamping
um aluminum stamping to cover it. So the
this whole cover is just an a lowcost
stamping. Companies will say, "Oh, we
can't use a stamping um because we have
to mount the cover over here." But these
they have these nice inserts to drive
the screws into. I will have to give
them uh a little bit of grief.
Freund screws to put this. I don't know
what it is about electrical engineers
and their love of little bitty screws
and hundreds of them. Um, there are
better ways to put things together. It's
yes, screws are tried and true, but uh
it's
there's there's other ways to do this.
And this represents a lot of process
time. And every one of these screws is a
potential failure mode. when screws tend
to back out under vibration and thermal
cycling and then you've got, you know,
if one of these screws that's holding in
these switches and making this
electrical connection, if it backs out,
you've got arcing and you got a failed
inverter. So, not thrilled with uh using
a million screws. But that's that's a
part of the the current state of
electrical engineers doing mechanical
design work. Um, okay.
Absolutely love almost everything about
this motor, but it wouldn't be a Monroe
Live video if we didn't find something
that we're really not fond of. Yeah, of
course we always pick on the screws, but
there's more to it. And so I'm going to
go back to the stator.
I have a there's a fond place in my
heart for this particular
electromagnetic design. It's a 72 slot
design. This one's a six pole motor. Has
three parallel paths. Uh back in the day
we did the Chevy Bolt. It was also a 72
slot design. Three parallel paths. Eight
pole motor. Um, in fact, they have an
eight-pole version of this stator um in
the BYYD Shark. So, they're uh doing six
pole and eight pole versions of this
same uh or nearly the same
uh uh layout. This motor is a part of a
family of motors that get power all the
way from
uh 350 kilowatts or more uh down to
under under about 150 kilowatts or
perhaps even less. I haven't seen the
whole range. Um so it's a very flexible
winding pattern. Um and I love the uh
bar winding scheme. They've uh they've
minimized the number of special
uh um conductors here
and produc done a a a great job with uh
running the the three parallel paths and
balancing the the electromagnetic um
winding so that you have the same
inductance in all three parallel paths.
So that's all very good. they've made
one
uh
one there's one thing that they where
they've broken a cardinal rule and yeah
sometimes you have to break the rules to
get the kinds of cost savings that
you're looking for. Um I'm this in this
case I think that it's not going to be
not going to work out well for them.
These connections here they're using
these flex leads here. There's a
stranded wound uh stranded cable where
the ends are welded onto these two
terminals.
That allows them the tolerance stack up
because this ends up uh moving somewhat
and there's you can't be guaranteed
between the location of this and the
location of the inverter connections.
um that everything will be exactly where
it's supposed to be. And so a little
flexibility is great. Helps for um for
manufacturing and and assembly,
but
you have to support both ends. This end
is supported at the inverter in a
plastic block that holds everything
tight, but this end
is free to move. Um, it's only supported
by the wires from the stator. And it's
this weld here, the same welds that
we're using to conduct the electricity
into the winding. And the cardinal rule,
the general engineering rule of thumb is
you do not want your electrical
connection
to be the same thing that carries the
mechanical support. So you want to have
the mechanical support carried by a
mechanical part
and the electrical connection
being free from mechanical stress. So
what we're what happens here is when we
run current through this, we run
hundreds of amps through this. This
heats up and this heats up. So and when
it heats up, the copper expands and when
the copper expands, it pushes down on
this and then this also the copper
expands. And so these three push up. So
this is up and this is down and it
flexes that joint. and then you turn it
off and it cools back off and it flexes
the other way. And so over time it
flexes back and forth every time you
turn the motor on and off. In addition
to that, just the weight of this as you
vibrate this, as you go over the road
and every bump in the road, you get a
little vibration and that's also putting
stress on that joint. And then there's
further vibration. The action of the
rotor spinning around is moving these
wires. The magnetic fields are so strong
that it actually distorts this housing
and and produces a high frequency
vibration that again moves this joint.
So between all of those forces, this
joint ends up seeing quite a lot of
vibration. And unfortunately,
copper, the kind of copper you want for
great conductivity to produce low loss
motors,
is not a very good material for
structural support. And over time,
fatigue sets in and little cracks will
turn into big cracks and this will saw
itself right in half.
So, that's that's an issue. it. Uh I'm
sure that they did the FEA and they've
done some testing to make sure that uh
it meets the requirements.
The only trouble is that these weld
joints are notoriously
um
variable.
All it takes is someone to not uh to go
a little bit long on the maintenance
schedule of the welder and suddenly
you've got a joint that's not quite the
same as the joint that they tested. And
now you've got one that isn't going to
last as well as the one you tested and
you end up with problems in the field
and it it's trouble. The way to fix that
is you can put a plastic part underneath
this, just a little bit of support
underneath this to dampen those
vibrations.
Uh, and then that completely eliminates
the issue. So, the mechanical load is
handled by the the little plastic part
and supported. No one likes adding an
extra part. And at Monroe, we always
advise to eliminate any part that's
unnecessary.
But
don't go too far. And if you need to
have a part to perform a function, which
means in this case providing the
mechanical support to protect that
electrical joint, then you need to add
the part. And so, you know, a plastic
part kind of like they did up here with
this this side, another plastic part
down here to support on on on this side
of the joint would be beneficial. So
absolutely love this motor. Uh
and I think that this is a new benchmark
for compact cost effective uh electrical
power for EVs and hybrid vehicles. Uh
there's going to be technology taken
from this motor and applied across the
industry. Uh BYD is to be commended for
setting a new benchmark and Borg Warner
along with them and getting this new
technology on the road and it'll be
really fun to see how how this
technology propagates out into other
manufacturers designs. So thanks for
watching here at Monroe Live and we'll
see you next time.