Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla BUY Intel To BOOST Terafab?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR7jaUL8eR4
Published:   2026-04-10 20:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

huge news. You probably heard about it,
but this is actually huge news. That
means something much bigger than people
understand. And this huge news is that
Intel, you probably have heard of Intel,
the ugly duckling of chip manufacturers,
used to be a great company, by the way,
now completely on the sidelines,
sidelined by Nvidia, sidelined by
Broadcom, sidelined even by AMD. AM
Intel completely missing the AI train,
completely getting stuck in their CPUs
and getting killed by AMD on the G on
the CPUs and totally losing out on the
GPUs, the AI chips that drive the entire
economy at this point. Totally left
behind. Still very smart people there,
great engineers, even smart CEO. Smart
in an engineering sense, of course. A
little colorless, a little like, hm,
where's the sexiness? You have to
compete with Yensen. You have to compete
with Lisa. You have to compete with
pretty serious people and you're a
little bland but very smart person of
course. Great engineer. Now they
announced this thing. Can you believe
it? On the space xxx account. Intel is
joining terafab. And you probably have
heard about terap. I have a video coming
out on it. Terrafab in a nutshell is
this. This is literally their website
just launched. Terrafab is designed to
make us a galactic civilization. Not
just multilanetary but galactic. And if
you think I'm kidding, I'm not kidding.
This is Elon's website. It's about the
Kardashev scale. It's about harvesting
all the Earth's energy. And that's just
type one, but very quickly turning it
into a type two civilization. We
harnessed harness all the energy of our
favorite star, the sun. Sun very healthy
by the way. People say it gives you
cancer and skin cancer. It's of course
true, but it also prevents cancer. So
the sun is very healthy for us. That was
just a side comment. They wanted for
energy. El knows how to do it. It is
about shooting satellites into space
with solar panels and then utilizing
this energy to create the one the one
thing for that we have unlimited demand
and then can that can generate unlimited
monetary financial value because it's
underwritten this financial value it
generates by unlimited economic value it
generates and that is intelligence
inference. Intelligence in space. Why in
space? because that's where the energy
will be. The energy will be because of
Space X and Tesla satellites. Here you
have the satellite of course that is the
new AI satellite mini 100 kW designed
right now by SpaceX. Completely trivial
to design by the way. A lot of people
got this wrong. Yensen Wang even of
Nvidia, he's not a space person. He got
it a little wrong and said, "Oh, we
don't know how to do this." Well, you
don't know Yensen. I'm a big Yensen fan.
But Yensen doesn't understand this and
Elon does. So SpaceX, of course, it
takes them a week to design the
satellite, and they for sure have
already done it. That will be shot into
space. There's Tesla Optimus, this is
Starship, this is the rocket that makes
it all possible to bring down the cost
to orbit below 200 kilogram uh $200 per
kilogram. Elon talks about $10, but
don't listen to Elon for now. Listen to
me. Elon is a little out there. We are
not getting to $10 for now. We are
getting first to $200 per kilogram. And
that is the inflection point in my math
where this becomes extremely profitable.
60% lower cost than terrestrial compute.
All the data center buildouts you have
heard about the giant hyperscalers the
670 billion spent by the max 7 or the
hyperscalers Meta, Amazon, Microsoft,
Google on the buildout on earth this
year 670 billion in 2026. What I'm
saying, what I'm telling you is their
cost will go down, uh, will go up on
Earth every year from now because
they're using up all the energy in our
grid. They're already eating up 7% of
the entire United States energy. Let
that sink in. That's crazy. What happens
next year when it's 14%. What happens if
it's 30%. It drives utility cost through
the roof. Energy cost through the roof.
That's already happening. They're
running into a real problem with their
buildout. To the rescue comes AI
satellite mini of SpaceX and Tesla
because once this falls below 200
kilograms per orbit for tonto orbit
thanks to Starship which happens
probably end of this year Starship
version 3 or latest version 4 but
probably version three becomes
commercial at that moment it's going to
be 40% cheaper in my calculation roughly
60% cheaper in my calculation but at a
minimum 40% cheaper to build your data
centers in space free energy No
maintenance, no lease. All you pay for
is Starship to transport your stuff into
orbit. Now it's cheap. Once that
happens, of course, we get into a
situation where we need unlimited chips
as quickly as possible. Unlimited chips.
And that is TerraFap. That is exactly
what Elon is preparing Elon and the team
to build terra the largest chip
manufacturing site on the planet. No pun
intended to deliver this thing and make
us a Kadesh 2 civilization. First a
Kardashe type one. Of course, we are not
here at all, but we will get there and
then surround the sun with our little
satellites. That is why this news is
very smart of Intel because if you're
Intel, you're a little unsexy, but
you're smart and you still have these
engineers. You're falling behind. How do
you compete with AMD? How do you compete
with Nvidia? Of course, how do you
compete with Broadcom who are absolutely
killing it with custom chips for Google,
for Amazon? They're building the Amazon
chips and the Google chips who want to
cut out Nvidia a little bit more. What
do you do if you're him? you're sitting
there like, "Okay, what do we do now?"
And I think this is a very interesting
partnership because as I said before,
right now Tesla is partnering with
Samsung on the AI5 chip, AI6 chip.
That's the precursors for the Terrafap.
They're building their own FAP in Texas
with Samsung.
They're also working with TSMC. Here's
the difference. When you think about all
the crazy stuff I just told you, this is
not anymore a business, by the way. This
is not even an economy. We are talking
about the fundamental scaffolding of a
civilization of the pioneer civilization
at least the physical scaffolding of the
civilization. This is far bigger than
any business. This is far bigger than
the United States. This is far bigger
than anything. And so you want to think
very strategically about security and
supply chains. And Samsung is South
Korean. TMC is Taiwanese
subject to potential attack by China.
Elon is in America. Elon has a good grip
of the American government at this point
together with his friends. This is not a
political you know commentary here but
of course the US government is falling
into the hands of Silicon Valley very
soon if it has not already fallen into
these hands. So by 2028 it's going to be
game over to 32 we will live in some
form of snow crash. Look up snow crash
the science fiction novel uh future
where the corporations just control the
entire thing. Inevitable. We have to
figure out how we make this all work for
us. But it's not a debate if it happens.
It's a debate what we do about it. So
Elon understands this and he wants of
course onshore
onshore supply chains, onshore talent
and Intel is an American company. That's
my take on it. I think Intel is a very
interesting target also for acquisition
at some point. It's only $250 billion
market cap right now and it's struggling
and it has huge assets in my opinion and
knowledge and brand and you know all
kinds of things and they know how to do
all the things that Tesla can't do in
SpaceX. They can actually manufacture
massive amounts of chip factories and
fabs.
They have it all vertically integrated.
They just don't have the the money and
the goals and the blueprints of the
chips and the delivery systems. That's
all Tesla and SpaceX of course. So it is
a very interesting match. It makes total
sense that this partnership starts now
and it makes total sense that this
partnerships become much bigger if Intel
is smart enough to truly align the
company towards Tesla and become a part
of Tesla. If Intel is smart and cunning,
they basically control the existing
markets and then go all in to Tesla and
SpaceX and try to get acquired at some
point. That would be smart. That is
their lifeline. That is not just their
lifeline. That is how they become bigger
than everyone else. It's their only
chance. It's a very good chance because
they're strategically perfectly
positioned to become the core the actual
hardware manufacturing core for the core
chip capability of Tesla's basics
whatever we call the company once it's
merged it's going to be very interesting
very strategic move I think people don't
see how big this is there right now see
oh it's a little partnership no think
strategically what chip manufacturing
company is smart and powerful enough to
actually do this for Tesla and at the
same time in a strategically weak spot
to be acquired and merging with Tesla.
Not Nvidia. Nvidia is the world's
largest company. Not TSMC that's owned
by the Chinese very soon. Not Samsung.
This is a giant company that is a
strategic asset for South Korea. All of
them are blocked. TSMC doesn't work.
Samsung doesn't work. Nvidia doesn't
work. Broadcom is on a total killing
spree and run and it's in the hands of
the competitors of Tesla, Amazon,
Google. So, they're not going to do
anything. AMD maybe. But when you
compare AMD to Intel, Intel is the
better choice because AMD is relatively
much stronger than Intel. You don't want
to have you don't want strong, you want
weak. You want weak with great
capabilities. So Intel is the perfect
match to become a part of Tesla in my
opinion. Maybe too early to talk about
it, but Elon will do whatever it takes
to be efficient and fast. And I think he
wants this capability at some point
inhouse. I think Elon understands better
than most
that the manufacturing of chips will
become one of the central pillars of
future empire of the future Elon empire
because what do you need? You need
massive infinite scale solar production.
You need of course Starship. Starship is
the the crucial asset. You will need
Optimus and then you're off to the
races. But you need chips and you need
to build chips on Earth. You need to
build chips on the moon. You need to
build them all over the place. You need
extremely strong chip manufacturing
capabilities. It's the absolute
centerpiece. The centerpiece is how do
we deliver these satellites to space and
how do we build the satellites? And the
satellites are little solar. That will
be a scaling issue with Tesla and
SpaceX, but mostly Tesla. It will be
manufacturing the stupid little
radiators which is completely trivial.
It will be the maintenance of all that
stuff which is Optimus. But then it will
be about the chips. There is no chip
capability right now with SpaceX or
Tesla XAI. So watch out for it. This is
a missing piece of the entire equation.
I would not be surprised if Intel ends
up as Tesla at some point in the future.
Or maybe they do something else. Maybe
they suck out the talent at some point.
Who knows? Maybe they buy out a piece. I
don't think they need to buy the entire
company, but maybe they do. So, that is
my take on the situation. Very
interesting news. Check out the
Terrafab. We have a video coming up that
covers this whole website that ends, I
think, with the coolest thing. That's
not the coolest thing. But here you see
the mini AI satellite 100 kow. It
already shows exactly my equation but
without my numbers. I had a video on
this. I will update the video on the
model. You see it on pioneerlands.org
and the Pioneer Academy where we have a
dedicated space section now in
Pioneerlands.
Go to pineelance.org and you will see it
right away. We have some very cool
things. They're happening. We have the
best teams now coming together in
Pioneer Lens to actually model all that
stuff out and predict the future
scenarios and trajectories of these
things so we can execute on stocks and
all other things. But that's what I
wanted to show you here to wrap up the
video.
Luna mass drivers that is the strategic
next goal. get to the point to build a
moon base, moon base alpha
to actually manufacturing chips on the
moon. Massively more material available
than we can get on Earth. No humans in
the way, no environmental preview
boards, at least for now. The mass
driver will then help shoot that stuff
into space, which is very space. It
doesn't have an atmosphere and has very
limited gravity. I think six times less
than Earth or something. And this is the
mass driver, I think, magnetically
driving these things out. I'm not really
sure how it works. And it shoots all the
satellites into space. It's like pretty
awesome. Admit it's awesome.
So, accelerates on this magnetic
acceleration thing. It's probably like
like a mag left.
Uh, it shoots the mass out into space
with very very little energy required.
This D3. So there are these chips on
board. They manufacture them on the moon
on the lunar surface. Intel maybe and
they move up into space and turned into
satellites.
They can also be delivered to Earth of
course very easily from there.
That's a lot of lights on the moon. And
that is
our future that we will get to in the
2030s already, which is totally nuts. I
hope that was interesting and see you
tomorrow.