Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Set to CRUSH, Cyberfixes & Developments, & NICKI MINAJ?!? Yes, really, it's the Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amBZoQPaniY
Published:   2026-08-14 14:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-15 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? I guess uh Starships
were really meant to fly here at the XT
Takeover and this year that will be very
true. Um, as maybe some of you saw at
around 7:00 yesterday, we broke the
internet here on Tik Tok and X and
announced uh Nicki Minaj as one of our
other speakers um um along with May
Musk, who as you know has her second
book coming out. But man, what a pairing
that is going to be. So um you know,
join the wait list, xtakeover.com.
Uh, I'm hearing it's getting past 600
people right now on the wait list, but
you never know. You never know. Maybe we
do giveaways or raffles or something
else to give away some more tickets as
things open up uh with the powers that
be. Um, but with that said, uh, with
that said, quick shout out to Insta 360
um, with their amazing link 2C. Every
single time I travel, like last week,
didn't have my link 2C for meetings and
it sucked. like it was horrible imagery
here on these MacBooks are just garbage.
Um, but with that said, um, you know,
there's a link in the description here
on YouTube. Give them, you know, go
check out some of their cameras. I think
they also just released the X6, which is
like super small. But with that said,
um, how's my bestie who knows Nikki?
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, my my bestie, he
knows Nikki. It's It's a thing.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; It's been a It's been a crazy week, man.
Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Brian and uh Ma Ma Matthew, how
are you guys doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing pretty good. Uh you know,
getting busy uh getting all my prep done
for next week's big trip to Nepal. I'll
be there covering the auto show, meeting
with uh ministers of different
departments to talk about
electrification and all that. It's uh
very stressful, but I'm just about on
schedule.
&gt;&gt; But I'm holding things down in Seattle.
We're right in the the peak of our
incredible summer season. So unlike
Brian, I try not to leave town during
during these lovely months.
&gt;&gt; Brian is my spirit animal for travel.
&gt;&gt; And we've got enough fires in the
Northwest that uh instead of golden
hour, we get like a good three, four
hours of golden hour now. It's it's
remarkable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we had the last couple nights we
had like a red sun sunset. It was crazy.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. it. Um I have not kept up the past
couple days. Have things have they
gotten control of it yet or No,
&gt;&gt; it's better. I mean, the air is air
quality is good, but um yeah, a lot of
stuff's already burnt. It's really sad
over in Eastern Washington and the
Spokane area and
&gt;&gt; a lot of burnt houses. So, we're hoping
things get resolved soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hoping thoughts and prayers with
the families.
Um well with that said
with that said all right guys uh week
156
um let's jump straight into it. Um stock
is up almost uh 5 and a half 6% here
over the past 5 days. Uh similarly with
uh SpaceX up 1%. and actually was up
further as you can see. It was hitting
close to that what is it 150 148 up
there. So, uh it would have had a higher
pop but kind of softened uh this
morning. Um but at the IPO price and
this is after I think the a lot of the
major sell-offs too or the the openings
for people to sell their stock. So glad
to see that it kind of withstand that as
well. Um but yeah, with that said, um
Joe, I'll give this one to you, man.
Yeah. So, the X takeover is it's going
to be a banger. It's it's the big to-do
this year if you guys didn't know. We
have a couple of uh standouts. This is
Yeah. Okay. There there's so much
[laughter] more to announce.
&gt;&gt; Can you imagine this lineup,
&gt;&gt; dude? Yeah. Now, this is crazy. Nicki
Minaj announced yesterday she's coming.
We have May Musk. We got uh a lot of
people announced and unannounced that
it's going to be a really big event. You
guys have
&gt;&gt; I know Sandy Monroe confirmed this week.
He's going to be there. We got obviously
people like uh Futurazza who's going to
be running a panel as well with um Omar
Galley Alexandra and Larry Goldberg. Um
and then we'll have uh Nearink coming as
well or sorry Nearink patient coming not
near um and Ryan Tanaka and Ellie in
space will be running that panel. Um and
then again Sandy May uh Nicki Minaj and
more speaker announcements to come as we
get approval. So
[clears throat] and I tell you not to be
the big nerd in the room. Can't help it.
But uh the panel I'm on is very exciting
for me. It's right up my alley and I
appreciate the opportunity to uh get in
front of those particular people and
have that conversation. It's going to be
great.
And by the way, you guys, we tried to
tell you to get tickets. We did. I swear
we couldn't stop talking about it. And
you're like, "Yeah, I'll get them later,
my friend."
&gt;&gt; Ah, lessons learned, I suppose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was a this was a this was a
big one. I mean, like anything
everything was possible, but you know,
um it was kind of like all of the irons
in in the fire. But, uh this one, like I
said, we have Kelvin blew my mind when
he told me before um that we have like
600 people on the 600 to 600 700 people
on the wait list. We got obviously
another 100 bump from from Nikki's
announcement, but there was already 500.
But a lot of people are um I actually
just sorry I just had a guy who canled
because of a work trip. He just emailed
me this morning and said, "Hey, um I
have FOMO now. Can I get back in?" No,
I'm sorry. So, I'm not going to mention
names. Uh but it's one of those things
where it's like, and we actually even
refunded him, too. So, um which we don't
have to do. But with that said, um yeah,
get on the wait list and we'll see what
happens. So, all right. summer update.
Um, you know, it's really starting to
roll out here and, you know, that's
always one of the, um, off the top of my
head, I don't know the big updates, but
I will say that, you know, that's one of
the special things about, you know,
owning a Tesla is that your car will get
better over time. Um, and it's it's one
of those things that it, you know, in CO
days, it was appreciating in value every
week it felt like. Um, but in this case,
it in every form of the word, your car
does get better, gets new features, new
games, um, and new things. Yeah. Go
ahead, Joe.
&gt;&gt; I was I was going to say because I don't
remember exactly the cause. I'm pretty
sure Brian has some type of mind stuff,
but I was going to say that I've been
watching people look at the resale value
of like the foundation series Cybertruck
and they're still like the tradein value
is like over 70 70,000. So you the value
of the the vehicle is not a loss like
everybody said it was going to be. It
was going to go downhill and all this
stuff. You still get a really good value
over two and a half years later for your
vehicle. So it's it's pretty awesome to
see that the Tesla's maintain their
value and and Tesla keeps iterating and
iterating and making things better. It's
pretty awesome. And it's
&gt;&gt; the value of yours with all the miles
recently.
&gt;&gt; I'm not even going to check. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It's pretty crazy when you
&gt;&gt; 13,000.
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. I'm not going to check.
&gt;&gt; When you look at used car values, it's
always been the case that if you want a
luxury car, you just buy one that's two
or three years old. It's half price.
Half price isn't the trade in value.
That's the retail value because cars
lose so much value when you drive them
off the lot. And they won't let you just
drive it around the lot. I've tried
that. they eventually will ask you to
leave. Uh but uh the reality is Teslas
hold their value really well and that's
true of a lot of EVs but not all of
them. You can get a brand new you know
one year 2-year-old Kia or a Jeep Wagon
ear for half price because the initial
owner took that big hit. But then you go
a little further down the lot and you
look at the Teslas that they have and
you're like why is this one still
$30,000?
Because that's what it's worth. that's
what it's going to sell for. So when you
see these people saying, "Oh, you're
going to lose all your value and you
know, you're not going to get any trade
in and you can't buy them used for a
good price." Buddy, it's one or the
other. It's not both. Uh so the reality
is they just hold their value better.
[snorts] And especially with the end of
the IRA credits, that means that uh new
ones cost more than the old ones did
when they were new. uh that pushes up
used car values because the used car
value always has to be less than the new
car value. And so you're seeing a lot of
uh price increases over 6 months ago. If
you bought a used Tesla 6 months ago, it
was cheaper than if you buy it today.
And a lot of people are seeing that on
their tradeins, getting pretty
surprising offers on their trades. It's
uh again, just like the tickets we tried
to tell you guys, I swear.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; So,
oh man. Yeah. No, it's it's a thing for
sure.
All right. Well, I'm gonna pass this to
Matthew. Tell us about Sweden, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the the strike in in Sweden is
finally over. I think it was around a
three-year long strike. So, essentially
there there were a small number of Tesla
workers who were part of the union. Um
if I if Mattal I think is how it's
pronounced. And so, they pardon the
union, part of the union. the union
worked with them to start a strike and
even though it was a very small number
of Tesla employees who um who were
members of the union and participated in
the union it caused a lot of issues for
Tesla. Um any other business that was a
union business had sympathy measures in
place where they just would not
cooperate with Tesla. They would not um
turn on you know superchargers if they
were part of the electric union. They
would not deliver mail, uh, including,
you know, license plates for new
vehicles. So, they just made it very
hard to do business. Tesla had to do a
bunch of things. At one point, bringing
in a ship to be kind of a temporary
service center. They brought a ship into
the port and did the work on the ship.
Um, well, the the strike is finally
over. Tesla apparently bought out the
contracts of the remaining striking
employees. I think it was around 80
people or so. So, probably not a cheap
um thing for Tesla to do. But it got to
the point where there was no one willing
to uh either decline the buyout and no
one willing to keep striking. So if
Mattal had to end the strike, um I I've
been following this uh you know some of
the the Swedish folks on X and some of
them were posting screenshots from
Twitter where the workers were very
upset with the union. They they didn't
necessarily want to strike. They were
told they had to strike. They were
forced to stand on the picket line 40
hours a week. um you know so there'd be
one or two guys standing out a service
outside a service center you know
striking um and there's not a lot of
camaraderie in that you know they don't
feel like the union you know behind them
supporting them you know some of us have
seen people protesting you know Tesla in
the US and there might be you know 20
people or 50 people and you know that's
at least a little bit entertaining or
you know not boring right for these
these poor fools and you know the the
people who went back to work at Tesla
now they've been out of work for three
years. So they they've missed out on a
lot of updates. They you know the the
people that were their colleagues three
years ago probably now been promoted or
have so much more experience or have
moved up. Um so doesn't seem like there
was a lot of wins for anybody. I don't
like this isn't a win for Tesla. It's
not a win for the union. Certainly not a
win for the the people who went on
strike. But it's good it's finally over.
You know, it does teach that Tesla is
not going to be bullied by unions. There
are some countries where um Tesla has to
work with union labor by law. I think
like Finland and France, maybe Belgium,
there are certain certain roles where
they just required by law they have to
work with union. Um, but you know, the
the reason only a fraction of the Tesla
employees in Sweden went on strike is
because Tesla's compensation and wages
and labor practices were already as good
or better than what the the unions
mandated. So the the way the laws work
in Sweden is a lot of the the labor laws
are actually agreed to between the
unions and and um the businesses where
their union members work at. They're not
necessarily like government rules and
regulations. It's Eugene rules and
regulations. So, if Tesla is all already
um providing a really competitive job
opportunity, there's not much of a
benefit for employee union. So, it's
good it's finally over.
&gt;&gt; The unions in in Europe are very
different than the ones in the US. In
the US, it's it's a battle. It's a war.
It's two factions doing duel to the
death. uh in a lot of European countries
it's really a partnership uh and in
Germany you know you don't have to do a
union but you do have to do a work group
uh which is kind of like a very light
union uh and if this is optional uh
maybe they want to opt out a lot of the
union people uh especially in the US the
unions will say we want higher wages and
the company says how about stock and
they go definitely not that we don't
want them to own this thing because then
they'll be conflicted when they do when
they vote for things that are insane and
will destroy the company. Which is what
we saw with the big three that last
union package. I warned that if this
passes, they're going to be it is going
to be the closure of plants as quickly
as possible. And of course, that
happened. Why wouldn't it? It's too
expensive now. So, good job. You
negotiated yourself out of a job. Uh so
in these in this particular case that
that strike started to feel like the
Tesla diner protests where it first it's
20 guys and then it's three guys and now
it's no guys but sometimes somebody will
pop by with a sign and say I'm winning.
The security guards are on my side. They
even told me they even told me they're
on my side. They said, "Hey, you should
go stand outside the property on the
sidewalk where more people will see your
sign." Yeah, that's that's why he wanted
you off the property, you you genius.
Uh, so it's uh it's done. It's over. I
just think it was a really bad look for
the union to pull some of the
shenanigans they did with trying to ban
them from being allowed to use the mail
system. Uh, things like that are just
dirty and uh it's nice that it's finally
over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There seem to be a lot of
overreach. Go ahead, Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say despite all of
this, the Model Y is still the number
three bestselling vehicle in Sweden this
year. So, let's let's check back in 12
months and see if the Model Y wise moved
up to number two or or maybe number one.
Um, you know, the unions are so embedded
in in the country that I'm sure there
was many many people who would just
refuse to, you know, cross a picket line
to buy or service a vehicle. So, this
this could lead to an increase in sales
in Sweden. So, let's uh let's follow up
in in a year, see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What would you like? Um, I think
in in this case, like so if a lot of
people are striking, h how are they were
they just essentially they're pretty
much getting by with like two hands tied
behind their back, right? So they're
still moving these cars, servicing these
cars with like a lot of people on on
strike. Yeah, they so at the service
center um they had issues where like the
janitors they hired from an outside
company were part of a union. So the
janitors wouldn't come in clean. So then
they had to bring that role in house. Um
we mentioned the male when when a car is
purchased, the the license plates are
sent to the dealer and then the the
customer goes to the dealer to pick it
up. Well, the the post wasn't being
delivered. So Tesla had to go to the
post office. They actually had to go to
court to have the right to pick up their
mail at the post office um because the
post office just didn't even want to
hand it over to them. Um they built
superchargers, but the electric union
had to go in and inspect the
supercharger before the electric company
would turn it on. So they have these
superchargers with those like potato
sacks over them um where they they can't
even be turned on. So it's you know this
this this strike was not good for like I
said not it wasn't good for Tesla. It
wasn't good for the employees and um it
shows that the union is not nearly as
strong as they think they are. So like
all all three parties came out worse uh
for this. Um now that it's over it's
good for Tesla, better for the
employees. Still kind of still kind of
tough. you know, the guys who got bought
out, they're not going back to work at
Tesla. They're going to go work at, you
know, wherever some some auto
manufacturer that's going to be bankrupt
in five years. And um and then, yeah,
it's not good for the union. So, I think
I think the unions have never been never
faced this kind of push back. But when
you're going up against, you know, one
of the most valuable companies in the
world, they, you know, Tesla doesn't
mind taking a loss in Sweden for three
years is if it teaches all these larger
markets that they don't put up uh with
being bullied.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's the lesson.
Yeah, I think uh the great thing is I
think you know thankfully Tesla continue
to fight this and uh I mean it's similar
to you know if you can somehow again you
know an amazing product is going to
continue um to sell and through that too
they're able to get through these
headwinds cuz you know not many
companies may obviously Tesla's a lot
bigger now but you know 2018 2019 these
are things that could literally put a
company out of business, right? And so,
uh, for for them, this is a huge win.
I'm glad that innovation and technology
and and hard work continue to just win
out, you know, and beat out these, uh,
you know, overregul um, this just
regulation that just is strangulation at
the end of the day. So, uh, great great
to see it. Um, and, uh, with that said,
Joe, I'm gonna pass this. Anything else?
Sorry. Anything else on Sweden or we
good? Cool. All right, Joe. Digital
Optimist to you, man. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Digital Optimus is not Grockbot.
So, uh there's been a lot of things
happening over the past week. So, uh the
uh the AI team announced the uh the
Grockbot, which is a agent like uh
thing. I I don't know if anybody's used
um like I I integrated Grock into my
emails and and I literally just told it
to send an email. it listing all kinds
of things from the takeover agenda
yesterday and it and it did it and it
was freaking awesome. But but uh I think
the idea of Farzai had that posted that
the Grockbot was digital optimist and
then Elon chimed in digital optimist is
different real time video human
emulation. So there's going to be I I
think that dynamic and I wish Hans was
here to talk about this but u I think
that dynamic is going to be pretty cool
to be able to tell Optimus what you
want. We see we see a lot of robots
doing demos. I mean, me and John, we saw
a few at at the event we were at, the
AI4 event, but none of them really had
the brain. They were all being
controlled. They were all,
you know, I mean, it wasn't like you
tell it to do something and it just does
it because it knew how to do it. And I
think that's what's going to set Optimus
apart from a lot of the robots that are
coming out.
Yeah, it's um it's going to be um
yeah, it's going to be uh it's going to
be interesting. I will say that um you
know I have
um uh I think Josh Josh uh West and I
one time were I think we met up after he
had done the ravine event a couple
months back and it was actually in
PaloAlto and so we just took a quick
walk out to the uh the Tesla bear and
from there you know as you saw you
actually could see people inside the
Tesla headquarters like again in the
lobby at like midnight they were walking
around and doing the simulations and
things like that. So, um, it was one of
those things where, you know, we could
see it from far and, uh, but at the end
of the day, it's like, you know, again,
Elon confirming digital Optimus is
different real-time video emulation. So,
it's like, um, who knows? I guess videos
aren't going to necessarily work in some
in some ways, but
we'll see.
All right, MDR,
pass this one to you, man. tell us all
Tesla all the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is interesting. So, if if
you've ever listened to the the Joe
Rogan Experience, especially in the
early days, you probably remember um
Redban. He's he his role was kind of
what Jaime's role is now where he
produced and published the podcast. Um
he he's just been an early tech adopter
his whole life. He started, you know,
building websites in the early 90s. Uh
he he created a YouTube channel for for
Joe Rogan back around 20 thou like 200
before even YouTube came out. I think it
was like 2002 2003. So he was going
around filming everything um when we
were when we were young. I was in
college at the time. You may have heard
the the story about Carlos Mensia when
um Joe Rogan was calling out Car Carlos
Mensia for stealing jokes. That was kind
of like Redban's first viral video. So
he he you know co-founded that uh or
that podcast and he was the co-founder
co-creator of Tony Hinchcliffe podcast
or the the Kill Tony podcast which has
gotten really big in the last couple
years. And he he also moved to Austin
from LA right before Elon Amounts
announced Tesla was moving there. So he
he's just always been on the forefront
of a lot of technology and he's a big
car guy. He he had this like Supra that
that he loved um which is like you know
a cult following car especially since
the Fast and Furious movies and he's
replaced all his cars with EVs. So he so
he installed solar roof so the the
actual tiles not the panels on his roof
in Austin and he's got a bunch of power
walls and he sold all his gas cars and
he has three Teslas and a Hummer EV and
he just loves it and he he's saying that
now he he earns $500 a month of from
selling electricity back to the grid. um
in in Texas and he says, you know,
having solar is a no-brainer. He says he
keeps, you know, his AC is running 24
hours a day. He never turns off lights
or his TVs or his music, just like
everything's always going uh because of
this innovation. And the biggest thing
for him is FSD. He says FSD can already
drive better than most humans. He says
he feels way safer in FSD than like an
Uber driver or even his his wife
driving. So, he's uh he's all in on on
Tesla and um you know, someone who's not
really in in the necessarily the Tesla
community going out there on a on a
different comedy podcast promoting Tesla
is is wild to see. You never see that
with, you know, other other vehicle
manufacturers.
&gt;&gt; True that.
&gt;&gt; You're on mute.
&gt;&gt; Of course, I'm on mute. No. Um, yeah,
it's it's awesome to see. I mean, like I
said, it's I I think uh I we've talked a
lot about this uh over the the podcast
from the LA especially the last earnings
call uh that they shared the 55% attach
rate, but I think we truly are at that
inflection point. Uh the great thing is
like you know uh when you go buy a
Toyota historically in a Honda right
there was like you know the six to you
know 10 great things of like why you buy
it but it was like one was it was a
great commuter car low m you know you
just go through all those things. Now
you we've gotten to the point with Tesla
and you're seeing it happen here in
North North America where full
self-driving is at the top. That's
literally like why it is. But the great
thing is you're not buying a lemon.
you're also buying the safest car, very
low cost of maintenance, something
that's reliable. You know, you could
start going through. So, you mix the
two, it's just going to be really hard
to compete against in a real way,
especially once that hits. But, like I
said, Tesla's got the 99% down from the
fact that you can literally press a
button, it'll take you where you want to
go. Again, they're still working out
some of the other stuff, but that alone,
you know, if you ask anybody who is
like, "Hey, nine out of ten times this
thing is gonna do it perfectly, get you
there, we know it's safer based on the
stats. You know, it's it's five to seven
times better than a human. Um, it
doesn't deal with all of the tiredness,
alcohol, all that stuff." Um, people are
going to just continue to say yes.
That's just the the world we're in right
now. And I'm seeing it especially with,
you know, a lot of um the older, you
know, older generation as well, like as
they're getting in their the higher age,
like to be able to allow something to
take some of that stress off as they're
driving, it will allow people who are a
little bit older get around a little bit
longer than maybe they they had um you
know, where they had to wait someone to
come bring them. So,
&gt;&gt; I think it's a little offensive that
you're going after people who buy lemons
because I mean, if you if you don't like
me, you could just you could just say
it. But the reality is, and I've talked
to a number of people now who had
stopped driving at night. My eyes just
aren't what they used to be. I can do
it. It's just very stressful and I don't
like it. But on FSD, I can pay
attention. I have that capacity. And if
I needed to intervene, I could safely do
so. But I no longer have to sit here and
struggle through it. I got my life back.
I can go see the kids at Thanksgiving or
whatever it may be. Uh so it is uh you
know a game changer already today even
while still supervised. And when
unsupervised comes
it's going to be you know another entire
step change. We aren't at unsupervised.
when we are we understand how the
floodgates might open but even before
that how many videos have you seen in
the last two weeks of people saying how
did I not know about this I am buying
this car this is an absolute gamecher
and it's uh you know again I can't say
it enough we've been telling you guys
for years but we'll get it [laughter]
&gt;&gt; eventually
&gt;&gt; eventually eventually well Um, I mean
the I like I said, I feel like the the
Bay Area already had a lot of Teslas,
but now like you're seeing it you're
seeing the the new Model Y showing up as
much as the old Model Y's. um you know
with the Junipers and like I said I
still think that there's that huge
there's that huge um that surge that's
happening where people especially in
this area where you know they're tech
adopters and as they're continuing to
hear more about it they don't need like
a huge SUV like a you know you know an
Escalade or Rivian R1S they're going to
go buy you know the five-seater now
obviously the six-seater just released
but which is going to be a great option
to eat into some of that uh but with
That said, um, you know, it's I'm I'm
seeing more of it. You know, I like it's
becoming somewhat normal to be like five
Teslas in a row or in my purview on the
highway, three or four of them just all
the time, every single day.
[clears throat]
All right, Joe, sorry to hit you back to
back, but this is kind of up your alley.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is this was pretty
awesome. Uh, Chuck Cook had had made
this statement about how great the
Cybertruck is. It had one uh one issue
that was a known issue and the Cybert
truck uh responded to it. Not paying
attention to my channel of course
because on my page I'm always posting
about these things [laughter] but we're
not there. So um so yeah the Cybertruck
uh said we've identified PCS electronics
and uh in the pre2026 Cybert trucks that
do not meet our reliability standards
and have design changes to address. So,
what they've done is this is pretty
cool. The next steps for existing
owners,
2026 PCS warranty is now seven years,
70,000 miles. That was uh 50,000 before.
And uh model 2425 PCS warranty is
extended to 8 years, 150,000 miles. And
people who like me who had to pay out of
pocket for the expense because I was out
of warranty because mine, unlike a lot
of people that I knew, it didn't happen
early on. It happened after 90,000 miles
on my Cyber Truck, which is good but
bad. So, they are working on uh getting
uh those people refunded. It looks like
I talked to uh the team yesterday.
Yeah. And and they were saying that it
looks like what they're going to be
doing is issuing checks, but they'll be
reaching out directly to to the people
who have uh paid out of pocket for that
expense. And that and that's Tesla
making it right. You know what I mean?
So that's that's good on them. I
appreciate it. Although I did tell them
at the time, this is a known issue. I
shouldn't be paying for this. [laughter]
But that didn't go that way.
&gt;&gt; Well, the biggest thing is thanks for
taking the hit because I know what I can
only imagine what it's like to take a
$4,000
hit. I know uh Teslino did the same
thing. Again, I know they, you know, may
have helped him as well in some cases
taking some of that. But either way,
this is a multi,000 hit. That is just
clearly a known issue. Um, I mean,
that's partially why I ended up giving
back my my Cybert truck just because
there was too many. I mean, you you you
knew out of all the people just because
like you and I were trying to put a
steering wheel on my car and the car
would not restart and, you know,
literally bricked. Um, so mine was
already having issues communicating uh
with the battery and the and the power
unit just to get the truck up. Um, and
so I'm really happy that they are
they're handling this. Um, and then, you
know, hopefully people will get their
reimbursements if they've already paid
soon. Um, but the great thing is is that
they're listening to the feedback loop.
They're taking the L and um, you know,
ma and making it right. Um, took a
little long, but hey, they're doing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's I think I mean
everybody who got in early, like mine's
a early 4,000 bin, so it was pretty
early on. I mean, you knew you you were
taking that risk because I mean, I
wouldn't have waited two years to to get
a Cyber Truck. [laughter] Sorry. I just
wouldn't have. But kudos to those people
who who can. But I think it's it's
pretty awesome. I mean, you know, it was
one of it was Tesla. This is like Tesla
do at first of everything they were
doing, you know, I mean, the 48 volt
architecture, you know, I mean, they
were the inverter on and everything like
it was just different. And because of
that, they ended up moving the PCS. It's
on the regular vehicles on the Model S
and and even the 3 and Y, it the the PCS
sits on the battery pack. It's part of
that that uh that bump on the back, but
because of the way they designed the
Cybertruck, it's moved away from the
battery pack, which why it didn't fall
under the battery man battery warranty.
So that's that's what happened with that
whole thing. It they designed the truck
differently.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tesla always making iterations. I
think it was, you know, um I forgot who
it was like the undercarriage had been
replaced a little bit too. Like just
you're constantly seeing fiber now.
&gt;&gt; I know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's
&gt;&gt; um and with that said, you know, with,
you know, iterations happening at all
times, we see it here. Um, and it's
really nice to see the final version.
So, you can now look if you see some
cyber cabs on the road and you see the
ones literally with this slot like this
where you can just kind of like almost
like plug and play. Um, because it looks
like it just pops out, right? I would
assume. I mean, that makes sense. you
don't want to necessarily build it in
and um but Starlink uh is now fully
integrated into the production
um into the production cyber cabs. I
think there was some when the Santana
Row store opened up I think some of the
designs were shown um but you know you
will be able to shoot up to 4K movies um
because of Starlink and again when the
power goes out no problem. Tesla is
going to be connected uh even though it
can still operate even if there isn't an
internet connection. Um but it's just an
an additional layer. So um and you know
Elon calling the future what it is. All
cars will have Starlink in the future.
It's the only way to get super high
bandwidth to billions of of vehicles.
&gt;&gt; And I think this is a temporary thing
because as we know in the coming years
we're going to have direct to sell. At
that point, it can just use cell, but
we're not there yet. This is an interim
solution and and one that works. Uh,
just do it. Yeah, Matt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was gonna add what, you know,
one thing Tesla often does during a
natural disaster is send in Starlink
units so people can connect to the
internet. you know, we could see, you
know, over the next several years Tesla
just having a a a fleet of robo taxis
drive to a natural disaster, set up a a
mesh network so everyone can connect to
the internet, but also be vehicle to
grid and and get power back to these
places that that lose power. So, is, you
know, there's there's no better um
better kind of community service story
than when Tesla does things like this or
gives people free supercharging to leave
an area that's been hit by natural
disasters. This just adds to their
options here.
&gt;&gt; But Matt, how would they get enough
staff to do that? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. There's no staff involved.
Yeah, John's on mute. What he's trying
to say is that this is incredible news
and you guys are
&gt;&gt; what I was saying is I was just like
just like in the tunnels where you know
they're drilling and uh building tunnels
in Vegas with nobody in the tunnel. So,
it was kind of a joke, but obviously you
can't make a joke when you're on mute.
So, [laughter]
all right. Um well, with that said, uh
bus lanes seen in FSD. So, shout out to
um one of the FSD veterans.
Um he was able to see that, you know, um
it's now able to see bus lanes, which is
crazy. Um you know,
&gt;&gt; I don't think I've ever seen that icon
before. So, that's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the sophisticate. I mean, at this
point, it's like they're able to because
of how good it's gotten, they're really
able to like really go into into depth
on on the details of everything now,
right?
&gt;&gt; And who knows again with AI, especially
with co coding and everything else, who
knows how much that's even accelerated
things in the past, you know, six months
to to to a year, right? because
obviously uh to be able to like
efficiently
um intake what it's seeing in front of
it.
All right, Joe, I'll pass you and
battery packs, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is this is pretty cool.
So, uh battery packs are not that often
needing to replace, but when they are,
Tesla has went ahead and uh unbeknownst
to anybody, it's quietly this happened
on the on their website. It wasn't even
like a public thing, but the the price
used to be about $14,500. They dropped
the price to about $8,000 for long range
battery pack for the Model 3. So just uh
for stats sake, it says here a Tesla
tracker analysis of nearly 31,000 used
Tesla listings found that only 0.17%
had lost more than 25% of the original
range with the average used Tesla still
retaining over 90% of its uh battery
pack capacity. So, yeah, this isn't like
like uh like most transmissions go out
like you're talking like vehicles that
are like super old that you you don't
really need this isn't going to happen
often, but when it does, it's good to
know that the prices are coming down on
these.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think um like when you think of
the jump from 8 to $15,000,
I mean, you're you're talking what
almost 100% it feels like. And at
$16,000 for a a refurbished man, you
know, battery, that's almost the price
now of a used Tesla, right? If you think
about it, right? Especially in those
high higher teens, probably you're
getting one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 2018 2019 Model 3s are like like
10 to 12,000 right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it really is this is huge. I
think this is something that is a little
people can they're getting back to that
affordability now, right? where it's
like um I don't know if anyone knows off
the top of their head how much a new
engine you know costs to replace um but
it would be one of those things where
you know this would be
&gt;&gt; up that alley as well um to see kind of
like that comparison because I think
that's always the the thing cuz and it's
going to be one one of those things
where there's major FUD right oh well
your new battery is going to cost you
$20,000 well no it's a third of that now
um if not you know a lot less and I hope
this number goes down um like gets down
to something like 5,000. If they can hit
that,
&gt;&gt; it's not going to be great. What What do
you say?
&gt;&gt; That that'd be cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's uh that's that's something
that, you know, really gets to something
that, you know, maybe you can do versus
like totaling the car because you just
can't afford a new battery.
&gt;&gt; The the other thing to [clears throat]
note is if you have to rebuild the
engine on your car, your car is usually
out of commission for at least a month.
You know, it is a very, very intricate
job. When you remove an engine from an
engine bay, you have to disconnect all
the other important expensive parts from
that engine and then reconnect them and
make sure there's no issues and probably
replace a bunch of, you know, hoses and
seals and bolts and and things as well.
With a battery, you know, I I've had a
battery replaced. It takes one day. You
drop off the car, they undo the, you
know, dozen bolts, lower the battery,
raise the next battery, bolt it back in,
update the software, and, you know, it's
it's a couple hours of labor. It's
incredible how fast uh they can move
these. You know, we have seen issues
with the, you know, 5-year-old Model Y's
and Model 3s. I recently drove by my
service center and they just had a
pallet with like f four batteries
stacked on top of each other and they
had a whole bunch of them in a row. So,
they're uh you know, it's unfortunate
that that some of these batteries are
failing. Um, but the replacement is very
not only is it a relatively low cost
compared to like a new engine and
transmission for a car that performs
like one of these cars, uh, but it's
also extremely light on labor.
&gt;&gt; And when you're talking about replacing
an engine, I've seen people say, "Oh,
no, no, I can get an engine swap for
four grand." Yeah. with a junkyard
engine. If that's what you if you want a
junkyard engine that might have another
20, 30, or even 50,000 miles on it,
good. Go for it. But these are
remanufactured, these have these are as
good as new, roughly as good as new. And
a quick reminder that as much as we love
this tech, as much as we love this
company, we're still honest about it.
We're still honest about the
shortcomings that we face as owners when
something does go wrong. Uh, so if
you're under the misapprehension that
we're just blind cheerleaders, I will
tell you that uh that is not quite
accurate.
&gt;&gt; And Brian would know because he's
Chinese.
&gt;&gt; I'm a secret agent. No. Well, I will
tell you the the big thing I had last
week driving back from uh an event from
a family event. Uh I got in the car and
I got the old error 74 and 79. I need a
new battery in the Model Y in the 23
Model Y. But it's under warranty, so I
don't know. What do you want? Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I'll tell you, John, just uh
as as a
quick uh side note, I know somebody who
replaced a Scat Pack engine and it was
over 20 grand for that. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I'm uh I'm looking right now and
uh I just did Grock. You know, the
compact economy cars are 5 to 9,000.
Midsize SUVs 6 12 to 12,000. full-size
trucks 8 to 15 luxury performance as
you're saying the Scat Packs things like
that 12 to 20 and then I asked you know
typically you know how what's the
expected um miles for a new engine like
again four cylinder 150 uh or like 200
to 250,000 so again and what I've heard
I mean there don't get me wrong there's
always going to be those cases where
batteries uh don't last as long, right?
You're going to have that. But in this
case, there's actually more instances
where batteries are going to last longer
than, you know, these ice engines. And
so, when you think about that, um,
they're actually kind of in the same
ballpark. So, if you're you're talking a
Toyota that lasts 8 to 10 years and
you're putting, you know, 20,000 miles a
year on it, which is happening happens a
lot, um, you're talking in the same
range. You know what I mean? We're maybe
at the higher end of the the
four-cylinder,
but again, this is going to be obviously
and I would assume probably for the, you
know, the rebur manufactured batteries,
it's going to be a little bit higher for
the Cybert truck. So, but again, on a
full size truck, you're talking 8 to
15,000 to replace a whole engine, which
again happens
uh for trucks. Um
it's going to happen um you know at 150
to 200,000 depends. So,
&gt;&gt; and and the transmission's not much
better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's another five grand for a
transmission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, on an ICE car, there's
multiple things that a lot more uh
pieces that can go wrong, right? Um
[clears throat]
all right with that um Starlink
bandwidth uh we thought that the
increase in satellite bandwidth from V2
to V3 was 20x
um 100x is astonishing.
Um, and so, um, I think Sawyer also
posted, I think Elon means Starship will
put 100,000 V3 Starlinks into orbit up
from 10,000 V2 today uh, from Falcon 9
to 10x uh, more uh, down capacity.
Having 10x more satellites would result
in 100x more total bandwidth. and he
says, "Yes, I expect the Starlink total
constellation inclusive of direct to
sell to exceed 100,000 or 100K." So, um,
yeah, it's it's going to be
mind-blowing. Um, I think that's the
biggest thing like for me, I have it on
my truck, so they're already a customer
so that I'm always connected.
&gt;&gt; Um, Joe and I, you know, a couple weeks
back, we were out in the boonies. We
stayed connected. I was able to look at
G um you know literally coordinates and
and go to it literally out there in the
Lost Hills uh connected and then the
only thing I'm waiting on once the
speeds get fast enough you know they can
take my home internet um
&gt;&gt; because it's going to be more reliable
than than cables.
&gt;&gt; So here's what happened with Starlink.
Uh when you first get to any industry
it's the wild west and [clears throat]
buying up real estate is cheap because
there's a whole lot of it. Maybe it's
infinite. No one knows how much demand
there's going to be. Husenet came in and
bought a whole bunch of Spectrum at a
really good price because no one was
using it. How could they? You'd need to
launch all these satellites. Well,
Husenet is terrible uh because the the
bandwidth is, you know, the the speed is
slow, the coverage area is too large,
and so they have lost over half their
subscribers to Starlink. They went
broke. Starlink came in and said SpaceX
and T-Mobile came in and said, "We're
going to buy your Spectrum out of out of
bankruptcy basically." So what uh SpaceX
got is instead of this little sliver of
bandwidth, which is what they were able
to buy much later than Hughet, they were
able to buy Hughet's much larger uh
spectrum aotment uh for a heck of a
deal. So instead of being of of Starlink
trying to jam a cajillion signals into a
narrow little bit of bandwidth, now
they've got a huge amount of bandwidth.
Uh so what ended up happening is it is
at least a t-fold increase in the amount
of data you can put through the spectrum
to which Starlink now has access. And uh
and because they're going to be
launching these new V3 satellites, which
they've already tested where they know
they work, they're not surprised by
that. What those are doing is a single
satellite can simulate eight nine
satellites by just directionally
pointing the beams.
&gt;&gt; So you've got a 10x in the in the
bandwidth in the total spectrum and then
a 10x on the satellite because it's
simulating multiple satellites. So every
satellite is as they explained 100 times
more throughput. I'd talked to SpaceX,
former SpaceX engineers about about
Starlink and I said, "Not counting V3,
not counting the Starship stuff. That's
all before you guys left. Could uh
Falcon delivered Starlink become the
largest ISP in the world? 340 million is
what it would take." And they said,
"Worldwide, you can't do it in China
because China won't allow it." So
worldwide minus China, yes, absolutely
it could probably need to throttle it
down a bit. Maybe have a little bit less
bandwidth in some markets, but yes, just
Falcon delivered ones could do it. When
it gets to Starship, okay, so now 100x
that when Elon says they could handle
half the world, that is almost exactly
what the math shows. Uh so yeah, they
could absolutely do that. Uh, the sharks
are gonna get Wi-Fi. It's gonna be
great. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They always do. [clears throat]
All right, Joe, hit me with the take
overd take rate. Yeah, this is pretty
cool. Uh, they had a mapped this out.
2024 11% 2026 15.2%.
So, and I don't know if uh Matthew or or
Brian have a have a take on this, but
this has been pretty cool just to watch
over time.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'll say that uh Wall Street loves
recurring revenue because it's easy and
it's predictable and it makes it very
very effortless to model into the
future. And the fact that it's
increasing is what you want to see. Uh,
if you are a good car company, let's say
you're Honda, your Mazda, we get 5%
margin on our cars and our cars are 25
grand. So, you're telling me you make
$1,250 profit per unit? Tesla's going to
make that on those FSD cars in 12.5
months. Forget the real margin, the
margin that's already much higher. You
are going to see a Tesla with FSD exceed
the total margin of a Honda, a Mazda, an
entrylevel just about anything other
than Toyota who does all right in 12
months and then the next 12 months and
the next 12 months because FSD will
never be worse than it is today and it
keeps getting better. V14 went out to
enough cars that people got the word.
people in old hardware 3 cars are buying
FSD for the first time. It's not version
14 proper, but it works so well that
it's worth it. Uh so these and the fact
that we're seeing the take rate
increase, that means that new cars being
sold have a take rate higher than 15%.
Uh it is uh it is very exciting. And as
my big thing on the road is I know I'm
safe.
&gt;&gt; It's the jackass next to me who I know
is not. Let's get more of them,
including Tesla drivers. I see too many
Tesla drivers doing this. What are you
doing, man? Ah, we'll get to them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'll tell you, uh, last night I
met somebody who bought a a used Model
3, a 2020, I think it was, and they put
FSD. They added FSD. So the the used
take rate is going to go up there too.
PE he was watching he had seen the
videos of people and and realized that
he wanted to make his commute easier and
and picked it up and so I was over there
last night uh walking him around the
vehicle showing them how to use things
and it's pretty cool to see people just
get geeked out over FSD even in an older
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I'll tell you there's uh a lot
of opportunity for that. I do hope,
here's my hope for the next free trial
of FSD is don't make it free. Maybe make
it $9.99 for the month. Make it
something where people have to actually
choose to do it. Choose to get that good
deal or make it free, but you have to
sign up. Uh so that people will feel
like there's a reward because when
something's free, people often don't
assign it any value. It's valuable. Uh
please try it. Uh please try it. We know
that when it's free, a lot of people are
like, "Nah, I don't care." You will
care. You will. You just got to try it.
&gt;&gt; I think a fun trial, you know, I I
definitely like the idea of Tesla
experimenting with trials. What I'd like
to see is Tesla to use logic to enable a
free trial on a specific ride. So, like
I live in Kirkland. I'm going to
Seattle. It's usually 25 minute drive,
but because of traffic today, it's an
hour. How cool would that be? It's like
this this drive is an hour. Let's make
it easy on you. enable an FSD trial for
this drive and then to let the people
just chill out on that drive that they
know would be really painful. So, they
can get they can get creative.
Yes, they can. Um, real quick, uh, so I
think, um, we all know about I think,
uh, if you have been a Tesla owner, um,
and you've been on the internet at all
the past week, you saw the the shooter
up in Idaho at the In-N-Out, literally
in-n-out.
Um, and so, uh, with that said, it's,
you know, it's important to be safe,
but, um, I know our boys over at
EVjected, um, which is one of, it's the
best solution, um, where essentially you
can be plugged in, you see something
happening, you can hit the unlock charge
port and literally drive away, um, not
hurting the cable or your your car um,
and and be safe. So, you know, for loved
ones, especially like my wife, um, and
as my daughters get older, this is going
to be a must, you know, accessory every
time they charge. Uh, but with that
said, Joe, I don't know if you want to
call out this specific logo that the EVJ
guys were calling out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they had, uh, they had got a call
from from certain organizations and
lawyers, uh, proposing that they had
this label to automakers. This would be
like an official label like how like you
know like how gas warnings or whatever,
but just to let people know that when
you're in your parked vehicle, the cable
will not unlock and disconnect and and I
mean it seems like it would be known
information, but you'd be surprised
there, like we were just mentioning,
there's a lot of new people out there
buying vehicles and they're buying used
vehicles because they are hearing the
seeing the viral videos and stuff like
that. And so people need to know like oh
this this you can't un you can't get
away if you're charging. So I I think
it's I think it's pretty cool. I don't
know I don't know how many I mean they'd
have to make this a federal regulation,
right, Matthew? It' have to be something
like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the either the manufacturer
would have to want to do it or it have
to be mandated. I mean I'm not a really
a fan of any kind of mandates. Um you
know this could easily be a popup on the
screen. And I think anyone who's charged
more than once is going to know it. So I
think I I don't know. I think this is
just a marketing thing for EVJ. I think
it's a cool product. And you know,
especially if you do a lot of road trips
or you're charging publicly often, it's
a cool product. For me, am I going to
actually use the EVJ product? Um I'll
probably buy it and like use it once or
never use it. Never use it the time I
actually, you know, need it. [laughter]
Um, you know, functionality being built
into the car would certainly be cool.
&gt;&gt; Uh, you probably damage a lot more
cables, right? People would just be
popping them out non-stop. Um, so, you
know, yeah, obviously the recent tragedy
uh was horrible.
If someone wants to shoot you with a,
you know, an AR style rifle, whether you
can drive away or not, I don't think you
can react fast enough. You know, you saw
a bunch of people with with guns, good
guys with guns who could not stop the
shooter. Um, including the police who
shot at him and did not hit him. He he
killed himself.
Someone walks up to you, points a gun,
are you going to, you know, pop out the
charging and drive away before they
shoot you? I I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Fair.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Facts. All right. So, with that
said, we can hit two of these maybe. All
right. And so MDR since you're already
there. Um, San Francisco 124
superchargers. Rapid fire.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the obviously we, especially in
the California area, we see massive
superchargers going in. This is a big
one. What's interesting, there is only
two bathrooms for 124 superchargers.
That's not a lot of bathrooms. So maybe
this is for robo taxis, but it's not a
dedicated robo taxi lot. So maybe it's
going to be a mixeduse. Uh or maybe
those two chargers are for, you know,
the employees who are going to assist
with plugging in or or cleaning the
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can tell you for somebody who's
been to Fireball, this gets brutal. Like
it it like at Fireball, I think there's
like 90 chargers or over 80 chargers and
there's literally two bathrooms. There's
a there's a a gas station inside, but
same thing. [laughter]
It gets crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it can. Um they and they just get
nasty really fast. So, you know, um it's
just one of those things where if
they're not being uh maintained um so
again, you know, Tesla knows about all
that stuff. You can also report issues
in the Tesla app, just so you know,
you're seeing a lot of issues. Um but
yeah,
&gt;&gt; 100
the Oasis has like a staff cleaning all
the time. Yeah,
[clears throat] for sure. All right,
Brian. Uh, full self-driving equals
freedom.
&gt;&gt; Well, I haven't seen this particular
one, but I do know a lot of people who
do long adventures, infinite adventures
on FSD. You throw a mattress in the
back, get something nice like a dream
case, and uh enjoy uh your retirement.
for example, people who uh would never
have done these big road adventures
otherwise because uh it's too much work.
Supervising is easy. And for that
matter, myself uh you know, I go to all
kinds of events quite far away. If it's
this side of the Mississippi, I'll drive
uh because I'm loco that way. Uh so it
can change how you travel. It can change
how you think about uh space, about the
distance between things. It's uh it's
effortless. You don't have to be a local
to know where charging is, to know where
food is. You can have a lovely chat with
Croc. You can learn Spanish on the way.
Uh and it's just a a good system.
Facts. All right, Joe.
Uh, Prometheus coming to Satara base.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; I don't type that fast. I don't even
know how I misspelled that.
&gt;&gt; That's heck of funny.
&gt;&gt; No, but uh yeah. So, Prometheus is uh
they're building a Prometheus. This
wasn't commissioned by by SpaceX. This
is a private company that decided in
France that decided they wanted to send
us yet another statue. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That was French.
&gt;&gt; They love their statues. So yeah,
they're they're erecting us now. You can
see them welding and getting stuff done.
It's happening right now and I imagine
over the next few months it's going to
be pretty cool to see that go up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, someone must own that plot of land
because I've seen the Elon token out
there as well. You know, picture of his
face. It was like, you know, some crypto
that's right coin.
&gt;&gt; So, um, yeah, I mean, shout out to them
for literally owning a plot of I mean,
you might as well do something with it,
right? So,
&gt;&gt; um, awesome, you know, pretty pretty
pretty cool. Um, but yeah, with that
said, uh, Matthew, Cyber Cab coming
soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're seeing we're seeing more
deployments. Um, you know, uh, Houston
is, you know, building this massive lot.
I think um someone asked rock about the
number of vehicles that were in this
lot. It was like 200, you know, Model
Y's and cyber cabs were in this lot in
Houston. So, it's growing like crazy. Uh
we're seeing testing in in Sacramento,
um which, you know, we're we're seeing
that in in a lot of cities, including,
you know, up here in the Seattle region.
So, uh you know, it's always nice to add
add new markets. The next slide as well.
Um, John, we we we noticed there was our
actually, sorry, I added it too late.
Um, but there's uh we saw Vegas just
approved, you know, 10 10 robo taxis um
service as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's more more and more
coming. The cool thing about Vegas, you
know, right now there's the Vegas Loop,
which is which is, you know, a really
cool showcase of Tesla to people who
have events at the convention center.
There's so many people who go to Las
Vegas and they have events in Vegas, you
know, the general Vegas casino
properties who never make it to the
convention center and never see the the
loop. So [snorts] now we're going to
have at at at start 10 vehicles.
Obviously that will increase over time
where you'll be able to take um take
rides only only to and from the strip
within Clark County to start with. Uh
but it it will be just such a great
marketing of Tesla and of FSD to um
probably the largest concentration of
international tourists. Obviously you
know city like New York and LA will get
a lot of international tourists but the
just the concentration of people on the
you know four mile long strip is is
unlike anywhere else in the US. So will
be great showcase. You know some of us
have taken zuks rides in Vegas uh and
it's it's just an awesome experience.
you you hop in the zuks drives you to
the next hotel and like that's part of
the entertainment of the city like
people talk about taking ISUKs in Vegas
because it's a really cool experience
will be the same thing with robo taxi um
we've seen um uh Whimo has applied for a
permit there as well so uh it'll be
great if if Vegas just really embraces
um autonomous vehicles there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's happening. Um, again, I
was actually there with Joe last week.
We got to experience a um a whole 30
minute zuks ride around all of the whole
Vegas strip through the Vegas strip as
well. This is the first week that
they're actually charging $15 to $25 to
go from spot to spot. It is an it's a
great ride. I mean, as far as like, you
know, not having to deal with the
driver, being able to, you know, just
kind of sit back, you know, face
forward. not as cool as the Vegas loop
because of the the vibe that you get
under there. Um, and at the end of the
day, there's no traffic, so you get
there even quicker. And, you know,
typically all of the spots are like in
prime locations. Um, but you know,
again, with the amount of companies that
are in Vegas doing autonomy, like
Tesla's got to be in in the
conversation. It's uh Whimo, Zuks,
Hyundai is doing a lot of testing, and
there's probably several other companies
uh doing their thing, but um you see
them all over the place. All
right, guys. With that said, we are just
wrapping up uh week 156 of the beat. Um,
thanks for bearing with us. Um, I know,
uh, thanks for being patient, Bren,
especially to your audience. I know
sometimes these podcasts come out a
little bit late. We are here every
Friday. That's the plan. Um, and so
sometimes, you know, the streams may go
up a little bit late. But with that
said, guys, Starships Were Meant to Fly
is going to be a star-studded event. um
you know two amazing amazing women
speaking May speaking about timeless um
her journey um you know um from South
Africa all the way to here as well you
know with with Elon and um Kimble and
Tusca and uh you know she's got some
amazing insights and and then obviously
Nicki Minaj the queen of rap and hiphop
so um we are so excited we hope to see
you there join the wait list. You never
know what will happen. Um whether it's
going to be we all we're allowed to add
more people or we do giveaways with the
people on the wait list. Uh respect the
process. Um and uh you know we will do
our best to get as many more people. Um
but also there is the caveat. The
event's been sold out and so honestly if
you're on the Tesla slide, I hate to say
this. I mean, I don't mean to rub this
in, but you've known. Um, I actually
feel, you know, for for the Barbs out
there and Gag City folks, like it's
just, you know, they were like the was
sold out when [laughter and gasps] when
this came out. So, um, but yeah, with
that said, it's been a privilege to be
here with you this week. I hope you guys
all have a great week. Please patronize
these wonderful co-host. Thank you to
Joe for creating the deck also uh this
week. Um but please follow um MDR along
with um Brian Futurza. So we appreciate
you guys and we will catch you guys on
the next one uh at 8 a.m. next week.