Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       Neuralink Makes Massive Breakthrough In Brain-Chip Interface
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-EkkhqXTE8
Published:   2026-07-01 00:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-01 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is a brain and this is a model of
the skull. And that layer in between is
the dura. From day one, we've been
working towards making our surgery
faster and less invasive. Preserving the
dura instead of removing it is a massive
leap in that direction.
In May of 2026, as part of our ongoing
clinical trials, we performed the very
first transural neuralink surgery
alongside Dr. Lozano at UHN in Toronto,
Canada. It's the most cutting edge
version of this surgery that we've yet
performed.
&gt;&gt; The dura is the outermost layer of the
brain. It's right beneath the skull and
it's this tough leather-like protective
material that surrounds the brain. The
standard Neurolink surgery thus far has
involved opening the dura and removing a
portion of that lining so that we can
see the brain directly and insert
electrodes into its surface. This new
version of the surgery skips that step
entirely and our robotic insertion
device is able to insert electrode
threads directly through the dura into
the brain itself. This is an important
step because it makes the surgery safer,
less invasive, faster, and potentially
allows us to scale the operation to a
greater population.
The primary engineering challenges have
been how do you insert threads through
the dura mechanically and then how do
you see through the dura such that we
can insert threads while avoiding
vascule. The dura is a very tough
leathery layer. Our original needle
design was not able to reliably
penetrate it. One of the things we did
was increase the diameter of our needle
just slightly to be able to put our
electrodes through the dura. To get the
robot ready to insert through dura, uh
we had to develop a entirely new testing
pipeline. Most important of which was
having a way to simulate the human dura
properties on benchtop. To do that, we
had to develop a synthetic dural
membrane where we would like
characterize the thickness of the dura
and the puncture force. Once we had
these synthetic benchtop proxies, we
would run hundreds of tus where we
insert electrodes into the duro. What
I'm showing here is about how much brain
is exposed during our procedure, which
is about the size of a quarter. And this
is what the surgeon would typically see.
The difference when the dura is still
there and we don't cut it is the surgeon
would see something like this. The
obvious thing here is you can't see
anything. The robot team had to develop
a ton of new optics to be able to see
the blood vessels and avoid them while
inserting the threads. The moment we
leave the dura intact, it actually
blocks the vision of two things. One,
blood vessels and two, the distance to
the cortical surface. To overcome the
first challenge, the blood vision of the
blood vessels, we use ICG video
andography. ICG is the dye that can be
injected through vein and then used
infrared light to see the blood vessels
glowing right through the dura. So the
robot could steer threads safely around
them. Second, to know how deep, we used
an optical system called optical
coherence tomography to determine the
distance of the cortical surface from
the dural surface. This is the OCT
portion of the robot. So you see the
laser optics and the robot head module
here. So the laser light goes through
this optics and then delivered to the
robot head through this fiber. The light
coming back from the brain is coupled
into this lens and then coupled into
this fiber. So the light is delivered
through this fiber optics again and then
processed and then visualized as a 3D
volume of the brain tomography.
This is the brain proxy that we use to
test our CT system. So it has multiple
layers of membrane that mimics the human
brain anatomy and the brain motion. On
the screen what you're seeing is thin
dural layer and SAS soft barnoid space
under the dura and then the cortex. So
as you see here the distance from the
dural surface to the cortex is actively
changing in the live human. OCT allows
us to measure the distance from the top
of the dura to the cortex with high
accuracy. So we can insert our threads
into the cortex with high procedure.
Part of the mission in helping as many
people as possible is being able to do
as many surgeries as possible. And one
way to do as many surgeries as possible
is having robots do the procedure with
clinical supervision. The step prior to
automating surgery and bringing in
robotics is thinking about what steps
can you delete such that you don't even
need a robot to do it. The transural
procedure was our way of deleting the
directtomy step completely to make the
surgery faster, simpler, safer to be
able to expand what's possible and to
help even more people with unmet medical
needs.