Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Tesla Just Hit Superhuman Reaction Time
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ9lTXObhmg
Published:   2026-05-04 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-04 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And and I'm guessing this would make
such a massive impact on reducing the
number of accidents. Or as Phil said, at
least if there is an accident, it's at
much much lower speed because the
vehicle is actually able to control
itself and slow down that much earlier.
Here's 14.3 being released. The big
thing that Tesla AI is focusing on is
that this update brings 20% faster
reaction time to further increase safety
among many other improvements. I wanted
to ask you guys explain what you're
thinking about 14.3 after you've seen
all the reactions. Why don't we start
with you, Phil? Yeah, so I think what
what's going on here is that um
Sir and I have talked about this is that
Tesla bit the bullet and rewrote the
runtime because they're looking to get
more performance out of the inference
cycles. Right? So they they wanted a
guaranteed set of inference cycle at
like maybe 36 times a second. They
started you know, the model is complex.
They want to increase the size of the
model eventually.
And they had this moment in time where
they decided, well, look, we need to
take a pause, step back, and really
optimize further. They probably saw that
they could optimize further.
They thought about the technique that
they wanted to apply to that.
And they decided that they would go for
it in this release. And I think that's
one of the reasons it took so long to
get out because it took a long time to
really replace the entire runtime
architecture of the vehicle. Not the AI,
but the runtime architecture. One thing
that I can say for sure is that its
reaction time has far surpassed us mere
mortals.
If you have no idea why it stomped on
the brakes there, you're not alone. When
I posted this clip on X, the majority of
people had no idea. It turns out it was
because this car had started pulling out
from their spot without looking before
giving FSD a thumbs up for reacting so
quickly. If you look closely, you can
see the path planner reacting to the
situation before the visualization shows
the car moving at all. Absolute insane
reaction time. So what is it what does
it give us? It gives us
uh
as you saw in the video, probably
incredibly good reaction times. I mean,
far exceeding any human's ability to do
any of those things, obviously, right? I
think that's pretty obvious.
Uh and it gives us headroom. Gives us
the opportunity, the opportunity, not
necessarily the reality, but the
opportunity to go for that next
parameter count increase maybe an order
magnitude. So that's where we are. Okay,
great. Thank you for that. And I wanted
to just share this. This is the key
points that AI that Tesla AI's wanted to
point out. Rewrote the AI compiler and
runtime from the ground up with MLRI are
resulting in 20% faster reaction time.
And then this sentence, and improving
model iteration speed.
Uh upgraded the reinforcement learning
stage of training the FSD neural network
resulting in improvements in a wide
variety of driving scenarios. Upgraded
the neural network vision encoder
improving understanding in rare and low
visibility scenarios. It can see better.
Strengthening 3D geometry understanding
and expanding traffic sign
understanding. Elon said Tesla version
14.3 self-driving review. He was
forwarding somebody's review. The point
releases will bring polish. Version 15
will far exceed human levels of safety
even in completely unsupervised and
complex situations. People think, oh,
now he's punting it to version 15. He
said, our rate of advancement with the
small model has been so fast that the
large model has not yet caught up.
Version 15 will be the large model. So
he's confirmed that version 15 is the
10x parameter one. But
you know, this delay or not. And Sir,
you posted this. You said version 14.3,
the removal of a bottleneck. Can you
explain what you're saying here? Yeah,
just before I do, Herbert, I just wanted
to make a comment about what AI driver
was talking about there in terms of
you know, the the reaction time for
accidents. What was it? 1 and 1/2
seconds is what they allow for for
humans. And he's determined that perhaps
this vehicle is operating at 0.2
seconds. Right? So I wonder out loud
right now Yes. how many accidents would
be avoided if you could react to all of
them at that level? You know, does a 20%
faster reaction time is for this FSD,
but now we need to compare it to human
reaction time. Does that reduce
accidents by 50%? By 60%? By 80%?
Because you can react that much faster.
I wonder, [clears throat] you know,
where we could go to to obtain data on
that or if that's even something that
could be calculated. But clearly in many
many situations, if you could have
reacted sooner, the accident or the
situation would have been avoided. You
know, I think Sir, overall, the FSD
data will
uh will illustrate that over time.
Right? I mean, that's part of what's
going on here. It may not
um
laser focus on reaction time, but
clearly a lot of accidents are about
reaction time. I mean,
so many are, right? Yeah, I I was going
to say that so version 14.3, this is why
they I think they delayed the scaling of
unsupervised robotaxis. Wait till 14.3
comes with the faster reaction time, 20%
reaction time. The number one like the
problem with Waymo's and actually
happened with Zoox as well, is that when
they're driving on the highway, that's
why they waited so long, and another car
cuts in front of them.
It's not that oh, their lidar didn't
catch it. No, the lidar got it, but the
reaction time is so slow that the
accident still occurs. And so this 0.2
second scenario would stop that kind of
accident from ever happening again or
slower. And then of course, the other
one would be
that off that just happened. One
incident occurred from January 15th to
February 15th that Tesla robotaxi had to
report. And it was when a car in front
of them stopped suddenly, and then the
robotaxi had to slow. And then of
course, it slowed down
significantly so that it was just a
bumper touch. Right. But that 20%
reaction time when it recognizes that
the car has stopped, it can react sooner
and that would be stopped. So then it
would remove that scenario right off the
&gt;&gt; every 5 miles an hour you reduce the
speed at which the vehicle's going even
if it's doesn't come to a full stop,
even if it hits
and it collides at, you know, 5 miles an
hour less than it would have or 10 miles
an hour. That is a huge difference
especially especially for head-on. So
yeah, we're going to see all of this
data show up in the statistics over
time. I mean, this is um
it's a done deal, folks. I mean, we are
Look, it was never important to me from
day one that
FSD 14.whatever needed to be 10x the
number of parameters. That's just
you know, that's a that's a simple way
for people to to to put a handle on it,
to grasp the realities of it. The
realities are
uh much more subtle. And what Tesla did
here
did two two key things that I posted
about. First, they Look, 14.3 or some
variant thereof has been running in
robotaxi land for a while. If we're
being honest, I mean, it's been there.
And what they have done is they have
recorded by virtue of their safety
passenger drivers, whatever you want to
call them. They recorded all these
little incidents.
And they decided that
what they wanted to do was spend a lot
of time
pulling these incidents in and running
them through the scenario analysis of
reinforcement learning. So one of the
huge parts of this and and and and it's
not just in that one line item it talks
about RL, but it's a lot of the little
you know, avoidance of animals,
whatever. That's just all RL stuff,
right? So they have um and RL is like
the problem with RL is it's not just
sort of this uniform training that they
did in imitation
learning. It takes setup of these
scenarios and and they've got to run
them through their simulator and so
forth. uh that's the second reason that
we you know, have elongated the release
time. But now that we're on this
release, now that we're on this 14.3,
we're going to see very fast follows
point which is typical. We're not going
to see wide release until it's 14.3.1.2
or something, whatever it might be. Um
and I suspect that uh
you know, top line here is that robotaxi
in Austin will effectively go live
meaning quite unsupervised
uh on some 14 variant. It This is not
When Elon talked about 15, he did not
say, it is important to point out he did
not say we are waiting for 15. The the
community at large with its negative
sentiment
uh as a cloud decided that's what he was
saying. Um he was simply saying that you
know, after we do this 14 release, we're
going to do a 15 release. What can he
talk about in the 15 release? Well, that
release being I mean, honestly, we don't
even know there's a roadmap of things
that will be in the 15 release.
Uh we don't know when it will be, but he
said, well, one thing we're earmarking
clearly is that's when we're going to do
the parameter increase by an order of
magnitude. And then the big question was
and probably still is within the team,
is can you increase the parameter count
by 10x
and fit it on a hardware for vehicle?
And
uh the answer will be
whatever it is, but it will be
predicated on the work that they've just
done to increase that performance on the
run time. Herbert, I just want to go
back to this
faster reaction time again. I I think
this is
so important. Not only is the vehicle
Excuse me, [clears throat] whenever I
speak, my throat. Um not only is the
vehicle responding faster, if you think
about then how it reacts, how it
controls itself. So, I've seen videos of
uh Teslas on a wet road, and the car in
front of it has lost control. And the
Tesla vehicle now has to avoid this out
of control vehicle that's swerving in
front of it
with prediction and precision
that is
it's impossible for a human to do. And
so, not only does it have to react
quickly,
but it has to
have control in such a precise manner so
as not to overreact, because a human
driver typically overreacts in the
situation.
The car is swerving to the left, so the
human driver yanks the wheel to the
right, which causes a massive
overreaction in the vehicle. Then that
it's just, you know, one problem after
another.
And so, it's the combination, I think,
of the precision, the ability to react
precisely
is so powerful here.
And I'm guessing this would make such a
massive impact on reducing the number of
accidents. Or, as Phil said, at least if
there is an accident, it's at a much,
much lower speed, because the vehicle is
actually able to control itself and slow
down that much earlier. You know, um
it's interesting because
humans have a certain reaction time
that's built into our
our neural processing, and it really is
um
it cannot be improved, right? We There
are certain humans that have a bit
better reaction time.
Uh for for example, F1 drivers.
But, um
and there's certain humans that have
poor reaction time, but you know, that
point two, uh that is really at the
limit through which we actually
can see um
see something and actually react to any
any- anything at any time.
&gt;&gt; Decide. And decide, too. Sorry, Herbert,
I was just going to say, and by the way,
elite sprinters, right? You think 100-m
runners,
they will get a full start if they react
sooner than 1/10 of a second. Mhm. So,
the gun can go off, Yeah.
&gt;&gt; and if somebody leaves the blocks in
point, you know, 99, that's a full
start. Yeah. Cuz no human can react
faster than a 10th of a second. Right.
So, we're seeing FSD with almost an
elite sprinter reaction time. The vast
majority of the human population cannot
react at that speed, whether it's an F1
driver or an elite 100-m sprinter.
The rest of us are far slower, and
particularly if you're tired, or it's
dark, or whatever other things going on,
if it's wet,
um so, we're we're getting to superhuman
territory here.