Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Is Tesla Stock ROARING Today - Is It CYBERCAB NEWS?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAwt7rneipc
Published:   2026-04-14 20:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-14 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla stock is roaring today. And why is
that? Well, number one, it is because I
told you so. And we have seen Tesla not
actually going up as much as the market
over the last few days. But I pointed
out very likely it's bottoming and it's
time to get back to where it actually
belongs 420 or somewhere above 400 even
without cyber cap scaling. But today we
are going to take a very quick look into
the latest news surrounding the number
one catalyst for Tesla's stock going up
way higher than it is now if we see any
kind of action and that is of course
cyber cap the autonomous transport
revolution and we are seeing actually
signs all over the place after this kind
of disappointing at least subjectively
disappointing launch of 14.3 the latest
version of Tesla full self-driving
software the software The world is
watching the most advanced full
self-driving software stack neural nets
end to end. They can drive your Tesla
autonomously.
And that is the big debate. 14.3 came
out. People tested it, but they were a
little disappointed not by bad tests,
but because Elon made clear this is not
the 10x larger model. This is just an
incremental improvement, but it has some
very important improvements in there.
Anyway, the market expected a little bit
also because I mentioned that I think
April will be this this inflection point
and this catalyst for cyber cap looks
like it is not as clear as I wanted to
be. It is a little bit more dragged out.
That put some pressure on the stock. But
now people after this initial maybe
disappointment about 14.3
now they are settling in and think wait
a moment what is actually happening? Why
is Joe Techmire the great Joe the other
great Joe posting all these insane
photos every single day about Giga Texas
in Austin where cyber caps are actually
starting to ramp with 60 the other day
coming out. 35 the other day, 45. Every
single day there are many dozens of
these cyber caps being produced. And the
cyber cap is the magic car that everyone
is waiting for to actually get released
into the wild, but it is released in the
wild. Look at this cyber caps testing
all over the place. These cars do not
have a steering wheel. Well, they
actually have one, but we see more and
more improvised. It is not what Fazard,
the great Fazard, was thinking. Here's a
crash test. Look at this. They crashed
this poor little cyber cap very badly to
see if it works. So this is all part of
the ramp to do all these tests and they
are now ramping all over the place
and Joe is monitoring them. That was
yesterday, April 13th. Very important
day.
And we see more of that coming out. We
also see them spotted now all over the
place. This is by the great So Merritt a
post showing you a cyber cap spotted in
Kansas of all things in Witchita,
Kansas. And we saw another one in LA. We
saw another one here in Florida, in
Naples. Look at this. So now they are
popping up everywhere. Still with a
safety driver and that steering wheel to
test them, but they're creeping up
everywhere. The cyber caps are
expanding. Here is uh one in LA we saw
somewhere. So the fact is here this is
LA. They are actually popping up
everywhere without side mirrors with
this improvised steering wheel for the
safety driver. So the market is getting
a little bit nervous the people the
doubter the Tesla doubters they're
thinking hm why is Tesla ramping up
Cyber Cap exactly as predicted in April
even though it's not unsupervised yet
but they're getting deployed all over
the place. We see them even in Chicago,
Boston, New York. They're coming
everywhere. Tesla is preparing something
big. And we also see Tesla is preparing
more and more employees that are being
hired for robo taxi operations all over
the place. So basically, the last piece
of doubt that holds the stock back is
where are the unsupervised robo taxis?
Where is this coming? Where is the ramp?
And then of course, you know, after we
see unsupervised, where is the scape? We
have now 480. We are getting closer and
closer. We have in total 574 total
fleet. You see here the ramp we have
unsupervised. I think 11. Let's see
where the unsupervised. This changes all
the time. I think we have 11
unsupervised.
Is that here? I don't see the
unsupervised number. But we see it
ramping all over the place. What does it
mean for us? Well, I pointed out that
all this disappointment is not going to
hold the stock back much longer because
we see that Tesla has dropped way too
much. Don't forget that we very recently
reached 380 after one fake news Iran is
over. Now that we know Iran is over, we
actually see this roaring back and I
believe this is one of the safest bets I
made this year on Tesla recovering. I
think we're heading towards 400 even
without any catalysts. So that's easy
money. I'm a little bit leveraged right
now to take advantage for Pioneer Alpha.
We have institutionalized now. We have a
video coming out for our American
friends of course because America, the
land of the free, we are actually
allowed to talk about securities. So the
Pioneer Alpha portfolio will be
available.
Uh you can go to pioneeralpha.org work
where we not only discuss these things
but actually have now very good options
to actually participate in what I'm
doing. I will come out with a video
tomorrow or Thursday explaining to you
guys what we actually set up there. The
final product, the final investment, the
institutionalized investment for my
strategy. I will go through the latest
numbers by the way. Uh looking pretty
good. we are down less 10% for the year
and Tesla I think still down over 20 18%
I think it's more 20 um so we will see
what happens but I think this very
painful
deflation of the stock has come to an
end now that is my call I think we are
going to watch cyber cap like hawks and
now we are off to the races because I
don't care anymore
if it takes a little longer or not
because We have reached that point where
there's no going back. Cyber cap is
ramping. Cyber cap is being deployed all
over the place. If you want to bet
against that, good luck. And we know
that 14.3 introduces much faster
iteration cycles, 20% improved reaction
time where people see this is actually
very very much something that moves the
needle. And version 15 probably coming
up in the next 3 months. And I don't
want to get our hopes up again that this
is finally the version. But maybe this
whole scaling situation is also not as
black or white as we made it out to be.
That there will be this one day where we
have unsupervised and suddenly
everything is unsupervised. Maybe it
will be more gradual where we see 11
unsupervised cars now going to 22 and 50
and 100 and then stopping again and then
going up more while Tesla is building
out this giant giant infrastructure of
cyber caps being deployed all over the
all over the place. Oh, what's
happening? And of course on top of that
uh that's a different video what the
situation in Europe is but you know that
FSD also has been approved in the
Netherlands very recently.
uh we have seen this here confirms that
FSD supervised in the Netherlands is
only available for H for hardware 4
vehicles that's fine
uh but it has been now fully approved go
to Morgan here go to Morgan FSD is opted
moment Elaine bashikba for autosmith HV4
W4 so we have now FSD officially
launched also in Europe and this is all
interconnected of course Europe is also
being prepared for the robo taxi roll
out but step one is FSD rollout very
exciting times it's very important that
we watch this up close I will watch it
here I think we see all the incremental
little steps being taken now don't be
too impatient and when it comes to the
stock we have to always consider there
are hard catalysts when unsupervised
actually scales where the stock gets
repriced towards 600 700 800 but there's
also normal stock movements and Tesla
has fallen too
Tesla has made tremendous progress as a
company. We are seeing that CyberCap is
now actually ramping. We are seeing FSD
massively improving even though people
say it might be delayed now because it's
supposed to scale now. But let's look at
the improvements we have. We are seeing
FSD rolling out in Europe with the
Netherlands the first country accepting
it and many others now quickly are going
to follow. I know Europe a little bit
once you have one the others can follow
quickly. We also saw good news on Tesla
sales. We see a lot of sales recovery
after a bad last year. And we also see
massive relative strength of Tesla
versus every other automaker. Every
other EV maker, they're all going down.
And Tesla's market share all over the
place is actually increasing. In the
United States, for example, in Europe,
they're coming back. So in a weak auto
market, Tesla looks actually pretty
strong. These are all incrementally
bullish elements, but the most bullish
element for the stock right now is that
the stock is just too low. So, we were
at 480 and 490. Don't forget that in
December, just 5 months ago, we were at
490 on a company that was weaker than
the company we're looking at today. And
now we at 370, 360. So, can we go up
another 120 points without any reason?
Yes, we can. The market is recovering.
And I told you guys, I believe we are on
a cold AI spring when it comes to the
NASDAQ and the hyperscalers, but
specifically semiconductors and hardware
AI companies like Tesla. It is bullish
times for me right now. I'm up a lot
today, much more than Tesla, by the way.
So, I think I'm up over 5% at this
point, which is a good day. Let me check
if that's true. I'm up a lot. I'm 5.9%
up. That is a strong day. I can use
that. So
that is it from me for today. Uh I hope
that was helpful. Go to pioneerlands.org
uh to participate. Ask me questions. Go
to the pioneer academy. We are launching
an agent t system that is way better
than open claw by the way running on
claw and some others. Uh but it's
actually a system that helps you get
work done. I will explain this more in
depth and you will have free tokens if
you're a citizen. You get a little bit
of free tokens. It's very expensive. You
have to pay for all that stuff, of
course, when you use it, but our
citizens of Pioneerlands get it free.
So, you can actually get used to the new
agentic age. They can do tremendous
things. I will do a video on it and tell
you everything. Uh, but see you on
pinion.org If you want to know more
about the Pioneer Bonds and Pioneer
Alpha and how we do institutional
investing now with the best strategy in
my opinion when it comes to Tesla comes
to converting AI into a constant yield
stream. Go to pioneeralpha.org
check it out and I hope you will like
it. So I hope that was interesting. See
you tomorrow.