Channel:     munrolive
Title:       The Design of the Rivian R2 | With Rivian's Chief Design Officer
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FLP2mOy_MM
Published:   2026-07-24 16:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-24 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone, welcome to another episode
of Mineral Live. I'm in Plymouth,
Michigan at the Rivian Engineering
Prototyping Development Center here.
We're at an R2 event. We're going to
dive into all sorts of things on the R2.
We're going to look at the design side
of it with the chief design officer.
We're going to dive into the hardware.
We're going to look at body structures,
all sorts of things, plus maybe even a
ride and drive. So, come on in. Let's go
check it out.
Heat
up
here.
Hi everyone, welcome to another episode
of Monroe Live. Uh I'm here with Jeff
Hammud, the chief design officer at
Rivian, responsible for the R2. So we're
here in Plymouth, Michigan. We're
looking at the R2 going through like a
ride and drive launch event. Um talking
about many attributes, but you know,
Jeeoff, thank you for taking the time.
&gt;&gt; Oh, my pleasure.
&gt;&gt; Um we're we're really excited to hear,
you know, how you guys develop this
design and sort of the ethos. So maybe
to get us started, you know, one one
comment I heard at an expo recently was
it was related to the R2. It sort of
reminded someone of like an R1S that got
handsomely thrown into the dryer, shrunk
down, and parametrically scaled
perfectly. I know that was a mouthful,
but I was like, that's kind of it. It
does those things. So talk us through
like how did we end up with this and how
was it done so well? And then we'll get
into what enabled it.
&gt;&gt; No, great. So a lot of that was taking
exactly that taking R1 R1 um distilling
it down into a much smaller pack package
to provide the essence of what a Rivian
is at a much more affordable price.
&gt;&gt; So the one of that was the biggest
challenges we had to do is like it had
to be lower cost right to get more
people into the brand and get to the
price point. We're standing by the
standard trim here which is $45,000.
And with that we actually started with
the lowest price vehicle first and then
built off of that. And the key thing
that we wanted to carry over from R1 to
R2 is really the overall silhouette of
the vehicle as you as you talked about.
Now R2 proportionally is very different
than an R1. Uh the wheels are further
out to the corner. You obviously have a
much shorter rear overhang because you
don't have a three row. And really the
term SUV is something that I think has
been used very loosely recently. Yeah.
And um we really wanted us to have like
proper ground clearance, you know,
proper uh OD tires. So it has 9.6 6 in
of ground clearance or 245 mm and 32 in
OD tires for reference is about the same
as a Jeep Wrangler and that's with every
variant you get. And then overall the
silhouette of the car is having this
fast windshield angle which is we
carried from R1 and the very twobox
silhouette. Um we did add an arrow pass
through here which is something that's
very cleverly hidden in here to keep the
silhouette. This actually helps quite a
lot for drag and getting the arrow down,
which is huge for the coefficient of
drag. But really taking everything we
like about R1, making a little bit tire.
I like to call this a smaller, more
athletic brother of of the uh of of the
R of the R1 brand. And one of the key
features that really we took from an
engineering requirement and built into
the design was this cut line on the
hood. So this main cut line here was
something that we needed to address for
pest protection in Europe. And that
means you needed more crushable space.
And to do that, we had to move the cut
line from the top where it is in R1 to
the side of the vehicle. So we
incorporated instead of that being a,
you know, design constraint, we built it
into the design from the beginning. So
it's the main character line that goes
over the headlight shapes, it goes down
into the A-line that goes all the way
through, which is also your your your
hood gap, of course. Um, I think it's
super clean. It obviously provides like
a very clean cut line and and and really
tidies things up for us.
One of the key things that we're when
we're looking with designing this
vehicle is making sure you have really
good visibility out of the car. Being an
off-road vehicle, it's really important
that the sight lines are really good.
So, having that very horizontal hood and
very low belt line, it means you can see
the corner of the car. So, when you're
placing it, you know where it is. That's
not just great for off-roading, but even
for parking. And the trend in automotive
design right now is really pulling up
the belt line really high to get a very
small DLO window graphic. Um, and that
poses challenges because when you're
sitting inside the vehicle, it feels
like you're in a cave. And we want our
vehicle to have great sight lines, not
only from a drivability perspective, but
also being an adventure vehicle, you
want to be able to see outside. So,
having that visibility, and also
providing best-in-class storage for, you
know, not only second row legroom, frunk
volume, having this high horizontal hood
really helps. And a lot of decisions
were also made on how can we reduce cost
without the customer noticing it
immediately. So, one of the ones that
took a lot of time and effort that I
don't think every customer would notice,
which is the whole point is how we
handed handled this whole SE-pillar
area. So, being an adventure vehicle, we
want to make sure that the glass is full
full drop.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; I just said that the DLO is taller. So,
that means that you have an even bigger
piece of glass, which adds some
challenges.
&gt;&gt; And for folks listening, DLO is daylight
opening. It's the available see-through
area of the vehicle. So, every time
we're talking about DLO, it's really
from the customer's perspective. What
can you see and what's what's
obstructed?
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so when you're looking at this
vehicle, being able to have a full glass
drop, a lot of the vehicles in this
segment will either do a, you know,
basically slightly below this and you'll
still have amount of glass. Well, that
means you're not full doing full glass
drop. That's important for us for for a
venture vehicle. So on R1 for example,
and this is common in the industry as
well, is that you end up with a division
bar and a separate piece of glass. And
because of that on R1, we also needed a
belt molding. So with R2, you can see
there's none of that. Now you get full
glass drop. You don't have a div bar,
you don't have the quarter glass, you
don't have the belt moldings. So that's
significant reduction in parts. It means
also better fit and finish. But that
wasn't easy to enable. So, we first
started off looking at the wheelbase of
the car, putting the rear wheel back
further back, and also making sure that
we're still able to maintain a very
tight turning radius, so we couldn't go
too far. The other thing we did is made
sure from the relationship of the
B-pillar to the C-pillar and then the
C-pillar graphic right here as well. And
when you're sitting inside the car, it
would have been very easy for us to pull
this forward to get a full glass drop,
but then that means when you're sitting
in the car, you can't see out of it. So,
we wanted to make sure that this was
behind the the occupant's head, so
you're able to see outside the vehicle.
So, through a lot of different
engineering, we actually were able to
get that full gloss drop and have the
C-pillar further back. And a lot of that
was through adjusting the wheelbase,
adjusting the B-pillar, and working with
our body interior team to get this
section as slim as possible, which meant
that that door aperture could get really
further back. Not only does that help
with glass drop, it also helps with
getting in and out of the car as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, Jeeoff, some of the stuff
that you're talking about, it seems like
as we look at it, you know, in in
production, built right now, it's like,
man, it looks great. Great job doing
that. But I don't think it's really I
don't think most people understand how
difficult it is to do all of those
things because we're not just talking
about the aesthetics and the character
of the vehicle. We're talking about the
body structures, really tight
clearances. So, I've got a I've got a
rectangle that I've got to drop into a
trapezoid down here. And the tolerance
for that glass to be adjacent to the
door structure is probably captured in
millimeters, not inches,
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; And so that then you close the door and
it's like, well, what is it interfacing
with? We've got a body structure which
as you pointed out is incredibly thin
right here where ordinarily for a
unibody certainly on an SUV this is a
large section because it carries a
monumental amount of structural rigidity
for the vehicle stiffness side impact
structure you've got a load coming in
from the suspension. Now, what Rivian
did is interesting because as we were
looking at body and white earlier, I
know we were talking a bit off camera.
&gt;&gt; There's a whole slew of castings behind
here
&gt;&gt; and it takes the load paths and it
brings them further inboard which was an
enabler to do this. So something as you
know we start with DLL and it's like
yeah we want to maximize the window
&gt;&gt; but that ripple goes all the way to the
to the core and spine of the vehicle
&gt;&gt; and that also helps for the wheel and
tire size. So, it's something that our
chief engineer Maxoff would would would
say as well is like when we designed the
vehicle, we just accepted from the
beginning that part of the Rivian DNA is
to have big wheels and tires. Instead of
it getting debated back and forth and
trying to push design to say, "No, can
you make them 30-in wheels, we embraced
it from the beginning, which meant that
there wasn't this fight and we all
worked together to make this work." So,
that's also why the casting was put in
there. It also helps enable the big
wheels and tires as well.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. clarity at the at the starting
line
&gt;&gt; is very important. I mean, and while
we're here, one of the things is that,
you know, not a lot of people look at
them, but it's something that I'm very
proud of is the wheel liners. Uh, I'm
I'm very confident that these are one of
the cleanest wheel liners in the
industry. Um, ask why why would somebody
care about that? Well, it's it's about
caring about every level of detail for
us, and that's really important. So,
normally these things are not considered
a surfaces. They're just engineering
surfaces, but our designs team spent a
lot of time with engineering to make
sure that it was really cleaned up. And
not only from making the surface very
clean and easy to clean, especially if
this vehicle is getting muddy and dirty,
um it's easy to to to hose it off, but
also to reduce the amount of fasteners,
which not only don't look good, but
they're added cost and added weight. So,
really reducing the amount of fasteners
over R1, which was an interesting
engineering challenge because our
vehicle has a high water foring depth.
That means that you still need to have
the wheel liners actually need to be
very strong because mass amounts of
water are going to push them out of
place. So they need sure they need to
make sure that they're still
structurally sound.
&gt;&gt; So what what I took from what you just
said is yet another nexus where in a
somewhat unconventional sense you said
typically they're engineering surfaces
meaning the engineering group is going
to own those. You've got the design
group and the engineers working together
treating it like a design surface,
right? To afford you all these other
attributes, knowing that we have to deal
with water foring which typically, if
you don't know what that is, it's a
vehicle waiting through deep water which
provides amen suction and forces on the
wheel liner which drives more fasteners
typically.
&gt;&gt; So all those things coming together for
something as typically most customers
are not like, "Oh, check out those wheel
liners." Right? But it but in this case,
we're treating it like an aesthetic to
help with the overall appeal of the
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; It's the same thing as the underbody. I
remember when we were designing R1, I
was I was telling you this earlier.
Yeah. Um that R.J. our CEO gave us gave
gave me the challenge. He's like, Jeff,
when we're done with this underbody, it
should look like something that a kid
would want a poster on their wall. So
really, the way we've treated is every
surface that is a surface in terms of
something the customer could see without
actually removing a panel is considered
an A surface and we treat it as such.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Indeed. Well, Jeeoff, earlier you
were talking about,
&gt;&gt; you know, some of the the wipers. So,
this is the this is the fixed glass
iteration, right? So, this doesn't have
the drop.
&gt;&gt; So, standard trim just comes with the
fixed glass and the traditional lift
gate.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But then there's another version
where this drops and the wiper
configuration is all different. Yes. So,
we should talk a little bit about that.
But maybe before we head over there,
let's talk about some of the work that
your team did in the shut face area of
the vehicle, which is like the exposed
region of the lift gate once we open
that.
&gt;&gt; So cut lines is a big part of it. So
one, just making sure we can get more
simple to cut lines, the better. So not
having as many cut lines or ones that
are lining up or trying to remove as
many intersections as we can. So, one of
my favorite features, which is how we've
treated the cut line on R2, which is
similar to what we did in R1, but when I
open it, I'll show you some differences,
is that the cut line for this is
actually coming across the side. So,
traditionally, you already have a gap
here to the glass. So, we incorporated
that into a cut line and used the belt
line here to essentially create the lift
line. So, this whole portion opens. So,
what that meant was now when this is all
open, we were able to integrate the
strut basically right down into the
trough where the tail light is. And
being able to cover that with just this
little panel and not requiring a bunch
of pieces meant that we could actually
hide the attachment down here. The other
thing we spent a lot of time as well is
making sure throughout the entire
vehicle that we didn't have to rely on
adding a bunch of pieces to make the car
beautiful or to hide some of the
engineering defects. I'd like to call
them. And when I mean by defect, I mean
just something that wasn't beautifully
designed and you have to hide it to hide
something.
&gt;&gt; Sometimes you need body sealer and
people don't like to look at body
sealer.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That's that's a great great
example. I don't think body sealer looks
perfect. Right. So speaking of that
exactly is this on on the side. So this
is basically the the stop mount for the
gate as it's closing and this required
its own separate basically the bump stop
but then required an additional bezel to
connect here. Underneath of this because
of how this is assembled you essentially
have the light can and the gate because
it's all steel and in that light can
you've got a bunch of seam sealer on it
because obviously you don't want to get
water in there and that's not a
beautiful surface. So what we did is
instead of having a separate cover or
exposing it, we took the cover that was
required and worked with engineering and
basically scale it. So it wasn't an
additional part but ended up hiding the
seam sealer and it looks a lot cleaner
through this whole gate here. We wanted
to make sure we had very little in terms
of parts. Even working with engineering
to the attachment here that's required
for the electrical wires here to have
the bracket actually in the back so you
can't actually see it. So it's hidden.
All of these surfaces we treated as
A-class surfaces to make sure they're
very simple, very clean. So then that
way when they're opened, it doesn't look
like something's wrong with the vehicle
or it wasn't thought of it. And your
best job at doing this type of work is
when the customer doesn't pay attention
to it. Like that's when you know you've
done it right. If the customer is
noticing it, it's probably because
they're noticing something's wrong with
it.
&gt;&gt; If they didn't know it was there, you
did a great job.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, but the amount of time that
goes into designing all of this work is
like very laborious. But it was that
effort of us being able to make it look
clean but also reduce parts which meant
less cost. It means less things that
won't fit properly potentially which
improves quality and that's really going
in there like the best part in a lot of
ways is honestly sometimes is no part.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So
&gt;&gt; well it's the these are the things that
if you've been in the conference room
when a team a crossf functional team is
agonizing and scrutinizing all of these
details
uh many many decisions over the course
of a vehicle program the decisions that
are made in those rooms and the scrutiny
provided for small that seem small like
this
they relate to is it a good vehicle or a
bad vehicle from the customer's
perception often
&gt;&gt; 100% and those are are things that you
know We were moving with R1 and we're
moving fast. So a lot of that R1 was
through addition. Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; while there was a more there was like we
we spent a lot more money on things like
the air suspension and active roll
control, we learned a lot from R1 when
we did R2 where from an engineering and
design perspective, manufacturing
perspective. We could really simplify
the product, reduce cost, reduce
content, reduce weight without actually
taking anything away from the customer.
&gt;&gt; For sure. When I when you open the door
to an R2, my initial thought is it looks
like an R1S. Like if you've not spent
hours and years inside of an R1S and you
opened it up and you'd say, "What
vehicle's that?" You'd say it's an R1S
or an R1T. Meaning the premium nature
and feel that at least I got right at my
opinion when I look at the inside.
&gt;&gt; I'm glad I'm glad you think that.
Actually,
&gt;&gt; looks very luxurious.
&gt;&gt; One of the things we'll use this vehicle
as a as a as a good one. So, this is our
this is our performance trim with our
with our coastal cloud interior. So,
this is uh the interior there was the
standard trim. That's the 45K car. It
comes in just one interior trim. This
one will come in two. This is our
Coastal Cloud. And then we also have
Black Crater, which you guys will be be
driving later. And one of the things
that's really important when we're
looking at like how could we design this
in a way that felt very premium but
reduce cost um and didn't make it look
like it was lesser than an R1. You
mentioned that the the IP has
similarities to R1, but if you look at
R1, the wood wraps up and around the IP.
I mean, that's just a more expensive
piece of wood. It's harder to form. Um
there was additional metal bezel that
was in here. We removed that. But it
doesn't look like we took content out.
So these I'm pointing them out to you,
but they're different. They also let R1
look different than R2, but they still
feel very family oriented. The other
thing we really focused on as well,
which is something that's really
important in terms of perceived quality.
And this is something a lot of people
do, especially when they get in a new
car, is when you sit in the car, you
start touching things or like tapping
things to feel, is this plastic? Does
this feel premium? It doesn't matter. It
might be the thing you only do once you
first buy the car, but it makes such an
impression on you. So, when you sit in
any version of the R2, we wanted to
focus that from your waistline up. So as
you're sitting in the vehicle, that's
where we put all the premium materials
and anything below is where we found
areas to reduce cost over R1. So on R1,
the door lowers are all soft wrapped. Um
on our on R2, this is molden car
plastic. On the lower portion of the IP,
we tuck the lower portion of the
instrument panel, so you're not actually
seeing that lower portion, but that
lower portion is uh molden color plastic
as well. So really finding ways to to
reduce content without taking things
away. The seats are a great example of
that as well. So if you look at R1, um
both the top and the bottom are wrapped
on our on R2, we just focused on
wrapping this piece. There's also
additional bright bezel trim. That's
both front and rear. On R1 that's not on
R2. The back of this here on R1, we had
separate little hooks and separate
strap. Here we still kept the map
pocket, but it's just a little
simplified. So it still feels and looks
like an R1. uh seat, but in a way that
we were able to reduce cost.
&gt;&gt; The way that I've explained it in the
past is there's there's a waterline of
touch points, primary touch points, and
if you address everything north of that
waterline, you've addressed 95% of the
perception that the customer is going to
have.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And it seems like that's the approach
that's taken, but I mean, we've got
&gt;&gt; we've got soft wrapped as you pointed
out. It's live stitch. There's seams.
There's additional accent features.
&gt;&gt; An accent line.
&gt;&gt; It's hard to see right now. It's all
accent back lit
&gt;&gt; and that's on every version gets the
accent back lit as well. You're going to
get, you know, more premium materials in
this version. Uh there's also additional
features like on on on the premium
version. You know, you're getting the
headliner speakers here as well. Uh the
flashlight in the door. Wanted to make
sure we kept that for R2. So, that's one
of our key key signature elements. We
decided to keep that for here, but it's
not on the standard trim. So, that was
the one that did it didn't make it for
that one. But all the premium
performance trims uh do also get the
flashlight. But then there's other areas
where we decided to add content. So on
R1, we got feedback that customers like,
I really want a glove box. So we didn't
have ones on R1's, but so for R2, we
have two. So we have a a center one and
then one across the side. The other
thing that um
is it is it locked?
The other the other thing that we we got
feedback from customers was they wanted
a place to put a fullsize tissue box. do
some research. So, this was perfectly
packaged to put a fulls size tissue box
in here. And a lot of customers really
love this lower space, especially our uh
female buyers to be able to put a bag or
a purse there. So, we kept that as well.
On the door speakers, we moved them out
of the doors and put them into the
center console. Um, working with the
audio team to achieve that because that
was one of the feedback we got from R1
where people like, I want to be able to
fit a full-size water bottle. So, we did
that, but we also still kept our our
flexible map pockets as well. There's a
lot of people really like them because
they're easy to reach things and pull
things in and out and also to clean it
out. So, there's areas where we, you
know, we we we maintained parody with
R1, but in other areas we decided to,
you know, spend a little bit more money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's it's fantastic. Well,
Jeeoff, I know we've we've covered a lot
of features and uh I know you've got a
busy schedule. Really appreciate you
taking the time and for the Rivian team
taking time to to host us at the event,
provide us with the walkthroughs. It's
exciting to see and um but frankly I'm
really pleased to see how the Rivian you
know team has matured the R2 not lost
the core tenants I would say that made
an R1S and an R1T compelling options for
a consumer um but making it more budget
friendly. So it's very exciting.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much and we look forward to
you driving it.
&gt;&gt; Likewise. Yeah. Thank you so much. Take
care everyone. Thank you.