Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Quietly Started The Next Phase
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdgwLL6ipz0
Published:   2026-04-20 19:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-20 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The most bullish event ever for Tesla
happened this weekend. Tesla launched
their robo taxi service in both Dallas
and Houston on the same day. And in a
bold move, it was unsupervised right at
the start. While it appears it's
starting with just one robo taxi in each
new city, there are fleets of Model Y's
found nearby ready to go. That makes it
15 unsupervised on a fleet of 606 in
total. And they're also hiring and
testing in 39 cities. Second, something
big has changed at Giga Texas with
cyberc cab production. For the first
time ever, 14 cyber cabs were spotted
without steering wheels. This could be a
sign of things to come. Third, in
another first, Tesla submitted pre-
permits for a major robo taxi charging
buildout in Phoenix. But interestingly,
the application specifically states
these chargers will not be for public
use. Finally, Morgan Stanley's Andrew
Peroko in a new Tesla note said they see
this launch of unsupervised robo taxis
as tangible progress at a time when the
market was growing skeptical and a
successful rollout has the potential to
create a powerful flywheel across
Tesla's ecosystem. Jeffre on the other
hand upgraded the stock from
underperformed to hold, boosting its
price target for Tesla stock to $350
from 300 baby steps. We got Jeff Lutz
here with us today. He's a multi-deade
supply chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, here we're Yeah, we've been we've
seen the steps. We've seen everything
that they've been doing to build up to
this point and and now it's starting to
happen. So, it'll be great to to walk
everybody through it.
&gt;&gt; Bullish uh signal as ever, right? I
mean, unsupervised. Now, some people
will say, Jeeoff, it's only one car per
city, but is this just a setup for the
earnings call on Wednesday, or is this
meaningful?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I think I think we're
being a bit presumptive. I think
everybody is. I don't Tesla didn't
announce that it's it's one car. I mean,
one car, one set of plates may have been
spotted, but who knows what they're
doing today. So um I I think it's
bullish obviously
and I think in terms of it being around
the earnings I fine I don't think Tesla
does a a lot of stuff actually around
earnings to you know for diversion. I
actually think that they just you know
it's an every 90-day check-in for them.
I don't actually don't I saw some of
that chatter and I just I just don't see
that's how Tesla actually operates.
Obviously, if you if you want to be
critical, you want you want to see more
scale. You'd want to see more of the
vehicles in Austin convert to
unsupervised. You'd want to see more
vehicles on the road. You'd want to
understand
what what's the status of the Bay Area
going unsupervised. That's several
cities. But this is a good sign to see
this to see it launch and let's see them
put a couple of unsupervised vehicles if
you think about it. I mean, Austin's in
Texas. This is in Texas. This isn't
rocket science. And I I know there was a
couple of there was a ride where there's
a couple of errors and and and missed an
exit. These are all the you have to
split when you're developing tech and
you're looking at it, you have to look
at like, are these repairable? Are these
low low severity type issues? You put
them in one bucket versus wow, is this
terminal? Do we do we have the wrong
platform? Is this ever repairable?
That's not some of the issues that we're
seeing. And also the Nitsa data over the
last, you know, 60 days is very
encouraging. That's what you want to
see. You want to see this relative and
progressive improvement occurring where
there's no serious incidents and there's
not even any minor issues uh to speak of
and yet they're still increasing the
number significantly. Actually, the
number of vehicles now we're over over
600. We're behind where they said they
would be in the last earnings call, but
you're getting a a fairly significant
number of vehicles out there on the
road. So, I think all in all, this was a
good weekend for Tesla. I wouldn't be
surprised today to see more activity
either in those cities or even new
cities launch. I think 420 is a special
day. as much as I kind of it's a sugar
grin kind of thing for me. Uh I hope
they're not waiting for 420 to do uh
some of this stuff. But all in all, this
is really good progress to see and to
see it launch unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; That's right. I forgot to tell you it is
420. So uh sometimes Tesla's kind of
funny that way and they might do
something big. I also think that they're
doing it prior to Wednesday just to have
things to be able to say. But having
said that, I mean, if you take a look at
where we're at here, there are a fleet
of robo taxis being set up and ready for
Dallas and Houston. So, this oneoff
thing is not just for show. Uh Elon, of
course, said try Tesla robo taxi in
Dallas and Houston, which is an
indicator that this is open to the
public and it and it is it's not just
to, you know, select few. Anybody could
download the app. Ashwami said expanding
robo taxi service. This is the current
count. And like we've said many times
before, Robo Taxi Tracker is great, but
it's maybe underounting, maybe
incorrect. We don't really know. But
right now, it's got 15 unsupervised, 66
total fleet, one in Dallas, one in
Houston. That's been identified. Um,
this is the square miles, and you can
compare it to Tesla versus Whimo.
Houston, they launched at 25 square
miles. So that is equivalent to what
Whimo was doing there. Dallas 31 square
miles which is smaller than Whimo.
Austin 244 larger than Whimo. And then
Bay Area of course is the rideill
service not unsupervised and it's much
much larger. So here is the comparison.
Again thank you to Robo Taxi Tracker to
see that. Houston slightly different um
actually different areas altogether
which is interesting. And then you got
Dallas kind of like an overlap map.
Okay, so that's the thing. But here's
what I'm saying. Dallas robo taxi fleet.
Take a look at this. I mean, like, you
know, there's a fleet of these out there
in Dallas getting set up and ready to
go.
&gt;&gt; We don't know the limiting factor. We It
could be operational readiness. It could
just be,
&gt;&gt; hey, we're going to start with one and
we're going to put another one on every
day. Um, so that's the question for the
earnings call. What
&gt;&gt; what's the limiting factor to launching
more cities? I actually think it's been
this 143
series uh of of releases and whatever
components of that go into the robo taxi
release. I think this is what I think
this is clearly a when you're building
any product
you have to have a reliability model of
that product where internally you
understand the performance of your
software of your hardware you do your
own internal field testing and you
determine the failure rate of the
product and and when we build product
especially complex product we pay people
to do this work we pay people to figure
out if we put 10,000 of these out there
and we run them for a thousand hours.
What's the meanantime between failures?
We pay people to to model this and then
what they do is they take the new data
from the subsequent releases and then
they remodel it. And so if you're good
at product and Tesla's good at product,
they they know what their failure rate
is going to be for minor and major
occurrences. And what they want to do is
they want to keep the vehicle count
under that curve until the performance
of the software improves where they can
fill in the area under that curve. So
you want to make that that curve uh
bigger in terms of time to fail. You
want time to failure to to be a wider
um span uh and and then you fill that
area under the curve with quantity. You
add you add more vehicles. So that's
what they're doing in my opinion. And
there could also be an operational
component to this of hiring people,
getting them trained, getting ready to
go. But this would be a great question
for for the earnings call. But you just
bottom line, you can't deny like if
you're Tesla and you think that you is
this going to work or they're not in the
mode of is this going to work or not? It
it's going to work. They're they're
spending the money and you're seeing the
vehicles being staged. So to me, it's
either operational readiness to in a
particular city or it's um related to
them wanting to get to a certain
performance level. And my opinion is is
they've been in Austin for so long that
&gt;&gt; they should have the operational
readiness there. And the fact that they
haven't meaningfully increased the
vehicle size, but they've increased the
unsupervised tells me that there's a
performance element to this that they
want to solve for.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, that's that's fair. And but
the signals are that there are cars
staged uh not only in Austin, but in
Dallas and even in Houston. So there are
setting it up for bigger scale than just
ones off because you know you're hearing
all these tests of bears the cues and
what are they just keep saying oh well
they're only in Austin okay now they're
only in Houston and Dallas but it's just
one car each okay but this is you know
if we didn't see these which is here's
Houston now 30 plus Tesla robo taxis
these are small numbers and you saw that
lot in Dallas huge huge um this is 30
plus u you know it says here Austin
launched with 13 units on day one
Houston base shows 30 plus pre-position
more than two times Austin's opening or
opening fleet Dallas and Houston both
opened unsupervised yeah so this is the
Houston
um where is it now
yeah like we're talking a lot of cars
This isn't just a small number of cars.
&gt;&gt; No. And this is just the fleet. This is
just seating a city. Once it's up and
running and once they can assess demand,
they'll just continue to the it'll just
be an operation where
uh the metrics will say I need more cars
and and then they'll add more cars or
the metrics will say I need more
charging. They'll add more charging. And
Tesla can do either. This is what's
great about Tesla. Think about some of
these other robo taxi services. Like
what if you run into a charging
bottleneck? What do you do if you don't
make chargers? You're asking somebody
else to do it. And we know their speed.
We know their cost. It's typically going
to be slower and more expensive than
Tesla. So this is a very powerful thing
that they're building. I don't think
it's first off I think Tesla's getting
tremendous credit in the PE for autonomy
because it wouldn't be trading over you
know 250 or 300 PE
without it without this uh but I I still
don't think it's widely discussed uh in
terms of the vertical integration the
vertically integrated nature of what
they're building what it's going to
yield for them in capacity what it's
going to yield for them in utilization
and cost structure and as we talked
about with Larry. Larry's convinced that
the the the size of the fleet that's
needed during these peak operating times
is going to really warrant that Tesla
allows people to put their vehicles into
the network to deal with those uh spikes
in uh in demand that are sometimes can
be so massive. Think about when a major
sporting event lets out or or just
there's an the final four in
Indianapolis for example. How many how
many ride shares are needed during it's
it's got to be massive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very good points. Uh ju just to
clarify with everybody, it has now been
validated that um there are unsupervised
rides available to the public in both
Dallas and Houston. There are people
that are taking these rides over and
over and over again. This one here is um
oh yeah this one was a person taking hu
the robo taxi ride in Houston and they
recorded so it's all over the place that
it is truly unsupervised everywhere.
Okay this is the latest data thank you
to Jonathan Stokes we've been following
him he's now saying that the hiring and
testing is in now 39 cities but of
course he's added the three cities now
offering the unsupervised. Uh I won't
cover this right now. We've covered it
many times before, but it's a good way
to track progress for every single city
that we've spotted, but uh this is a
very good example where yes, we know
that they're doing California, they're
doing Texas. Now look at these that this
is all new because before it was just
Austin. Now you got Dallas and you've
got uh Houston, but eventually you'll
have San Antonio. Fort Worth will
probably go along here. And then you've
got all these other ones. You can see
Arizona is probably the one that's next
next coming up. And here's the other
cities. So, we'll see where this goes.
&gt;&gt; Nice progress. Okay. So, public taking
rides. Yeah, everybody's doing it
everywhere. Okay. And then I wanted to
also just share with you um so right now
three cities and then here's the other
cities on the earnings deck. Phoenix,
Miami, Orlando, Tampa, Las Vegas. Do you
think that by June, by the end of June,
you would you would think that they'd
hit all seven cities that they said?
&gt;&gt; Well, if you go off of their short-term
prediction or track record, no. But I
think it's possible. Like, there's no
reason why it's not possible.
&gt;&gt; And if I I
&gt;&gt; I hope it's not one car. I hope there's
more than one car in these cities. And I
just hope that these software apps are
just counting. you know, I think there's
a lag in them. But regardless, I I I
view a launch is when you launch and you
can deal with demand.
That's what you ultimately want to do.
And this is the same thing in in the
product world, too. Uh it's it's a it's
not it's actually not a good thing to
put a product out there, announce it,
and then have people be frustrated and
not be able to access it. So my my de
I'm on the outside of Tesla, but my
definition would be is you when you're
la you're launched when you can actually
deal with demand and in a in inside of
your your KPI targets. So what's your
wait time target? Uh what what are your
price? So that that to me is what they
should be gearing up for. But I think in
terms of like cutting the ribbon on a
city, getting a couple cars out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think they can do it. But Joe, I
was uh not I was thinking there's no way
they're going to hit the seven cities
anymore in June. But because they
launched this as both unsupervised at
the start, then that makes me go, okay,
maybe they don't need to do the whole
supervise first for 3 months before you
launch it. Uh if that's the case, now
this could have been for show just one
car say, "Hey, we're here."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. worthy of a question for Tesla on
Wednesday because in their last call or
the call before they said this is how
they would launch cities. They would
launch them with a driver in all the
cities and then start and then you know
pull them away just like they're doing
in Austin. So worth a question to them
of why did you do this? And I think the
answer is is same state different city
and you know they're get they're getting
growing confidence and unsupervised. So,
I I I don't think this was too much of a
stretch for them to do that. And again,
I wouldn't I know the anytime somebody
posts a video of the car creating an
error, it just goes viral. It's just
unbelievable
how how viral it goes. But you have to,
my advice to people that are following
the company is when you see these
things, you have to mentally sort them
into is this something they'll just fix
with a quick update or is this oh my
god, we we found something going from
Austin to Dallas where the car doesn't
miss that. No, it's not the it's just
not the it's not fundamental to how it's
architected. So,
&gt;&gt; I'm not worried about it. I think it was
a it was good news to see this weekend.
&gt;&gt; Good question to ask. Okay, here's the
next segment and it's a really big one.
I wanted to ask you this specifically
and it's a potentially big. I mean, it's
um here's Giga Texas. Joe Techmire has
been following Giga Texas very
carefully. We've been sh reporting every
time he says here's what we're seeing.
We've been seeing 30, 50, 60 cars, cyber
cabs being produced, but they all had
steering wheels. This is the very first
time ever that he spotted 14 without
steering wheels. Earlier this week, the
production line has begun what we are
all waiting for, and I would expect to
see many more. He thinks he's been
predicting today, Monday, the fourth uh
April 420 would be the start of
production. Of course, they've not
announced anything, but this idea that
you have 14 lined up that do not have
steering wheels. Is this
you know just a small number that
they're just doing just to show that we
can do un uh steering wheels or do you
think this is truly is a signal of the
beginning?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So from a process perspective wi
when you're pre-SOP pre-start of
production what you're doing in the
factory is is you're on a production
line and you have production parts and
what you're trying to do is you're
trying to get the line to speed you know
velocity and you're also trying to get
it to yield to the quality targets. But
while you're doing that what you're also
doing is you're feeding these various
internal groups. In the case of like
smartphone world, you're also feeding
your carrier partners too. And it's
something called configs. And configs
are different variations of the product
that are needed for testing for local
qualification for what have you. So we
would have to build different configs of
the product. Uh that's not the
production config per se, but it's
something that's needed to approve to to
approve the receipt of production
product in some area. So it wouldn't be
surprised to me that for all these
cities that are launching with robo taxi
that they're getting cyber cabs. So
maybe in the start with steering wheels
for for doing some validation testing.
Uh you you've seen the the validation
vehicles that go out and grab the ground
truth data for LAR. That's a that's a
training thing. That's not a that's not
something that's going inside the this
is something to use for training. So I
wouldn't be surprised if there's just So
short answer is when your priest started
production start you you do these
configurations and in this case there
was a configuration with steering wheels
and those went and they were they were
pushed out. I liked it that we're now
switching to non- steering wheel
versions. Who knows? We may they may do
some some more after the fact, but this
is typical of what you do cuz you want
to get the configs out of the way that
are needed. Uh, and you want to then you
want to just turn the line over to
building your production your singular
production recipe.
And uh, so I'm excited about it. I'm
going to republish an article that I
wrote about um the construction of the
Cyber Cab and some of the new things
that they're doing cuz I think it's very
interesting
uh that they're they're doing this
reaction injection molding for all of
these panels and because it's it's been
used in the past, but it's been used for
a fender. It's been used for one part
here or there. And the fact that they're
doing the whole vehicle and it's and
there's a a reinforced, you know, metal
substrate
under it. I I'm just there's so many
interesting things that come to mind in
terms of serviceability,
in terms of how these things are going
to come together in the factory with
with Unboxed. So, I'll republish this
article because I really think this
changes the the Cog's picture for making
a premium looking vehicle forever.
Because when you saw that that nice
image of it with the doors going up and
the golden era beginning that post the
first thing that didn't the first thing
that came to my mind I don't know about
you or or people watching the first
thing that came to my mind is wow this I
mean that is that's a striking
silhouette and and image for a car that
at peak at its you know terminal cogs is
going to be below $30,000 to for sale
and the cogs are going to be
significantly lower. So, I I just I
really think Tesla's on to something.
We obviously we need to see how these
things do in the field. What's great is
they're launching to themselves. So,
these vehicles are going to be under
their control. If they have warranty
issues, they're going to be able to do
all kinds of monitoring uh of these
vehicles. So, uh, I'm just really
excited for the CyberCap launch. And I
think we're just seeing some
configurations get pushed out of the
way. And I think they're very Yeah, this
is Does this say, you know, 20 $22,000,
$20,000 cogs to me? No. It's
&gt;&gt; very striking. And
&gt;&gt; if you'll they're going to turn ride
share right now, right? Think about ride
share.
&gt;&gt; If you're ordering kind of a regular
car, just say Uber, bring me a car.
you're I mean you can be getting
anything and these things look like art.
They look beautiful and you're going to
it's just you're going to have a
different feeling being picked. It's
almost like the difference between ride
share and limousine or like the feeling
of, you know, the premium feeling of the
experience. So I I I I don't think it's
talked about enough of how this
experience is going to be versus
everybody else's ride share.
&gt;&gt; Very good points. And you you've spent
so much time explaining to folks how
this was purpose-built for cost and for
of course as you're saying yet still uh
incredible experience for Robbo taxi
that it was designed specifically to be
uh unsupervised to have no steering
wheel no pedals and I wanted to just
take a a quick I'll try to do it as
quickly as possible but there's such a
huge misunderstanding out there and I
want to explain to people that stop it.
There are people out there who think
that Tesla is purposely going to create
these cars and sell them directly to
consumers with steering wheel and
pedals. And the reason they think that
that is is because they think of they
site this 2500 uh vehicle exemption for
autonomous vehicles. They say there's
only 2500. That is absolutely incorrect.
We've done many shows to explain to
people that that's not true. What it is
is this. If you are an automaker and you
want to create any kind of car, by the
way, it doesn't have to be autonomous
vehicle. Any kind of car that you want
to get out in the market because you
want to test it. US DOT says we want you
to test new vehicle um you know
innovations, go ahead and do it. But
there's a 2500 limit for these kind of
vehicles. Okay. for prototype vehicles.
If however you are able to create a car
that is uh you know you actually
self-certified, you put into the crash
testing, you certify this car as if
you're rolling it out. You don't need to
do that as exemption. So Tesla never
applied for the exemption. Zuks tried to
actually get their vehicle through with
self-certification. Nitsa came back and
says, "You actually haven't shown us
that you have any crash testing data to
prove that." So they had to then settle
with the exemption which they applied
for and now they have a limit of 2500.
Tesla does not have that limit because
they've got they've self-certified this
car. You've seen all these videos of
shots of these cars being tested and so
they don't need they're not str by that
2500. They are going to sell this. Now
in 2022
the United US DOT changed the rules so
that you do not have to have steering
wheel and pedals. that was already done
in 2022. So they've self-certified the
SARCAP, it's ready to go and that is the
case. So whenever I hear somebody keep
saying, well, they can only do 2500.
Well, please dig in a little closer,
understand the rules, cuz that's not the
case. Okay?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If I was running manufacturing at
Tesla, I'd be like, why did I spend a
couple billion dollars making this
unboxed operation if I can only do 2500
this year? I mean, you really just have
to apply common sense if you and CERN
went and actually did the real homework,
but you wouldn't you wouldn't be
creating you wouldn't be expending this
amount of capital uh if you're limited
and you wouldn't be doing these BS um I
mean that if you see a cyber cab with a
steering wheel like it doesn't belong
like it's not balanced. It's just there.
It's a functional and testing thing.
It's not an end it's not an enduser
thing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Here's another thing I wanted to
ask you about because if it's another
signal that Tesla is building for scale
of cyber cabs um because you know this
is new. This is the new thing we just
saw. There is an application for robo
taxi charging in Phoenix East Valley.
These pre- permits were submitted last
week to the city of Chandler. Okay. To
add these 56 56 V4 charging stalls on
this land. But what was interesting
about this application according to
Marco is that explicitly states that the
charges will not be for public use. Will
not be for public use.
So h could that be reserved specifically
for robo taxis?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And because those
things have to be able to charge
at a particular time and Chandler was a
big uh Whimo city I believe as well. uh
in the beginning. Chandler is uh a nice
kind of suburb off of off of Phoenix.
So, yeah, they have a there's a lot of
land. I wouldn't be surprised if that's
the case for Robo Taxi. And it would be
interesting to see the retrofits that
are done for wireless
uh charging and and getting that going.
I I would love to, you know, for all the
drone footage that's being done, if if
we could find that somewhere, that would
be great. You would think they would be
testing this in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Maybe they are in the factory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But what we have been seeing is
hiring of a lot of people. And probably
one of the reasons is we need somebody
to actually plug in the um the chargers.
And by the way, if you look at the sub
cab, where's the charging port? It's way
at the very bottom. It's not where your
normal car is. So, if this was actually
truly going to be sold to a consumer,
um, you know, you're going to ask the
consumer to charge it at your home and
you need to like plug it way at the
bottom instead of like, you know, a
little bit easier. That's kind of weird.
It's done that way just to get it out of
the way.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm assuming that port I don't know if
it goes away for production, but it
certainly goes away over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's find out what um the
institutional analysts how they reacted
to this launch that happened uh this
weekend with Houston. You got Morgan
Stanley here. Andrew Peroko
um is the new guy and uh and he this is
here's what he said. In our view, this
represents tangible progress at a time
when the market was growing increasingly
skeptical about Tesla's robo taxi
expansion timeline. This is material
evolution from the Austin rollout where
Tesla initially relied on human safety
monitor for several months. We believe a
successful robo taxi rollout has the
potential to create a powerful flywheel
across Tesla's ecosystem. Incremental
unsupervised robo taxi miles driven
improve the underlying autonomy model
which accelerates the path to personal
unsupervised FSD. This in turn supports
higher FSE attach rates, improves auto
demand and cash flow generation. In the
context of rising capex and near-term
cash burn, we see advancement in FSE as
a key lever to rein invigorate auto
sales and margins. Thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; No, I think it I think it makes sense. I
think Morgan Stanley's been been out
ahead of this. So, yeah, I mean, even
the the analyst consensus has negative
cash burn a billion half dollars. Now,
Tesla's been surprising on cash. I think
everybody's been surprised the last
couple of quarters in terms of how much
cash they've generate. Now, they're a
little bit higher in inventory, so I can
see that being an issue. But, I mean, I
wouldn't be surprised for Tesla say,
"Hey, look, we're doubling capex
yearon-year. We're going to have some
quarters where you see a negative
number, but we see the scale of this
business overcoming that." And that
that's I think the thing that they would
want to share. I think people should
remember the power of this. A cyber cab
Tesla's selling a Model 3 or Y they make
$3 to $5,000 depending on the region.
But you sell a a cyber cab you know it
produces 30 $40,000
of margin a year and it's a recurring
thing for them. So I just the the p the
earning where their earnings power goes
from going from bending metal and
shipping hardware to shipping this that
that gives them three to $5,000 on a
onetime basis versus this 30 to 40k
ongoing just using reasonable
utilization stats by the way too not
over the top I mean the this is a
massive transformation of the business
as soon as the market sniffs it out. I
mean obviously they are getting some
credit in the PE but when they actually
starts hitting I think it's going to
even be another event. Mhm. Okay. So,
they saw that as positive. Jeffrey's
very interesting. Uh they boosted their
price target from 300 to 350 and it was
underperformed. Now it's hold. Uh they
said Wall Street's consensus earnings
estimates have init finally stopped
hallucinating and started apprec
approximating the truth. With market
expectations shifting toward more
realistic levels, Jeff believes the
immediate downside risk of missing
overinflated targets has been mitigated.
So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I want to talk about that too
because Tesla has this is a
self-inflicted
wound because if you look at the quote
unquote number one leader in rid share
Whimo, they first launched with
supervised I think in December of 2018
and then they went unsupervised in
October of 2020. So it was a two-year
almost basically a two-year span Q4 2018
to Q4 2020 uh for them and I don't
remember this you know being
breathlessly talked about at the same
time it didn't have as as high valuation
as it has today but this is this is
self-inflicted by Tesla Tesla doesn't
give short-term guidance on cars they
don't give short-term gu car deliveries
they don't give short-term guidance on
energy
Why on earth are they giving short-term
guidance on probably the least
predictable thing in their business? I
don't know. I don't I don't understand.
And if you're going to do it, you you
better hit it. You better hit the
short-term targets. So, on the one hand,
I understand what they're doing. It's
never been done before. The difficulty
level is very high. I've been very clear
on that. But at the same time, you
you're seeing the analysts note
that, you know, there's been some
concern about, hey, are they able to get
be able to do this? Because they give
guidance and because because they give
short-term robo taxi guidance and
because they don't hit it, they set
themselves up for this disappointment.
And that's why I think you've seen one
of the reasons you've seen the stock
actually sell off from the mid 400s into
the into the mid 350s over the past
couple of months is just again setting
up these short-term the short-term
guidance and then coming up a little bit
short of it. So I think Tesla can fix
this. I think they can they can guide
with greater accuracy or they can not
guide at all and maybe guide on more of
an annual basis in terms of where they
see the big movements in robo taxi that
so anyway you're going to keep seeing
these I this in analyst notes but some
of this is self-inflicted and it's
fixable they're doing all the hard stuff
they're doing all the engineering stuff
wonderfully they're doing the hard stuff
well it's just somebody sitting back
there and making kind a forecast That's
not good. This is the forecasting piece
of it. They're doing all the the hard
the really hard stuff really well.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's a very very good point,
Jeeoff. Absolutely good point. But what
would you do?
&gt;&gt; I know you you you kind of outlined it a
little bit. They
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't give the give the short-term
guidance unless I had some internal data
points that were irrefutable. meaning
that a so they're going to have to
change what they're going to have to
change their approach to short-term
guidance. Uh I'll give you I'll give you
an example like when Nvidia guides in in
a quarter and this these are completely
different businesses but Nvidia's got 18
to 24 week lead times depending on the
parts they have. So they have their
order book in front of them. These
quarters are only 12 weeks long. So they
have their order book in front of them.
They know the run rate of what's coming
out of the fab either. They know what's
scheduled either if there's a
catastrophe in a fab. Okay, that comes
up as a special instant. They don't
really get hit. So, they're really set
up well on guidance and they can just
they can guide low. They can come in and
say, "Look, we beat it by whatever." But
with Tesla and Tesla could do almost do
the same thing on cars, although they
have shorter lead times and a little bit
less predictability.
But the thing that they have the least
amount of pred predictability on are
building these models and seeing how
they perform for self-driving. So I
would I would do longer term longer span
forecasts or I would I would uh put
greater guard band in or I would not
guide.
&gt;&gt; To be clear on the earnings deck that's
where they said the seven new cities and
they just said launch. They didn't say,
you know, 20 cars, whatever per city.
They just said launch. I think they'll
hit that. What you're complaining about
is when Elon said doubling every month,
but that's just Elon saying something.
And I think we all need to just take
that with a grain of salt.
&gt;&gt; He own the company. Yeah. He's his words
matter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but good points. Of course, uh
it's it's a frustration for everybody.
Um and it and because they keep missing
it,
what does that do? Right? It damages
more than it helps.
&gt;&gt; We won't two years from now, this will
be a blip. This won't be anything.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; self self-inflicted. They didn't he
didn't have to say that. He shouldn't
have said it that way.
&gt;&gt; This is just words. Like again, the
engineering work is magical. And and the
other thing is it's not only it's
magical. You can't find this at other
companies. No other company has created
the hardware software engineering
solution that exists here at this cost
structure. That's what I would be
focused on is this doesn't exist
anywhere else. Which means guess what
that means? It's rare. And if
something's rare, it's value should be
very high. And it is actually getting I
would say it's getting decent fair
valuation, but it shouldn't be getting
hit because here's the thing. Okay, this
is me taking the other side of this in
terms of Tesla. Yes, I'm behind 30 60
days on some of these things, but who
else is catching up? Who else is where
where where are the Nvidia vehicles on
the road? Where can I go? Which
dealership can I call in the, you know,
LA or Chicago area and get a and test
drive from address to address? The
answer is none of them. So, I I think
the analyst should look at that side of
it as well. It's okay. You're you're
doing unpredictable high complexity tech
and whatever. You're having some
near-term issues. We won't remember this
two years from now. And nobody else on a
personal vehicle level is catching up.
And Whimo is not pulling away. I'll be
very clear on that. They are not pulling
away in cost structure. They're not even
pulling away in vehicle volume. Tesla
will be able to do a month's worth of
production in Q3. That will be the
entire fleet size of Whimo.
&gt;&gt; In Q3 and and like next a couple
quarters from now you're predicting that
Tesla will
&gt;&gt; in one quarter p produce 3,000 plus robo
taxis
&gt;&gt; in one month. in one quarter will they
will produce
&gt;&gt; 3,000 plus because Whimo only has 3,000
now and they're saying you guys only
have 15 unsupervised robo taxis but uh
&gt;&gt; yeah you can see the fleets being um
staged.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I mean uh very very good
point but uh
&gt;&gt; you you can be crit you can be I'm
critical of forecasting. I'm not
critical of the hard problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. in the engineering work because it
doesn't exist anywhere. So, I'm not
worried about these analysts that
so-called analysts that say that
someone's going to do this a couple
months after Tesla or look what I saw at
a what PowerPoint I saw at Nvidia GTC.
You're being fooled.
&gt;&gt; You're you're being fooled with short
YouTube clips and short videos of things
and it's not the permanent solution that
can scale in the many millions. That's
what Tesla's building. Very good point.
Thank you, Jeff. Follow him on his ex
account, the Jeff Lutz. Thank you. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.