Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Is There A SECRET PLOT In The SpaceX - Tesla Merger?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2F1LcfLuE8
Published:   2026-06-02 19:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You probably heard the news on X or
wherever you get your news if you're an
informed Tesla investor. And that news
is very very important because what we
saw is a new amended S1 for SpaceX which
goes public on June 12th which is very
very soon. And what this amended S1 the
S1 is the disclosure for the investors
into the IPO. What it says is something
incredibly interesting and here's
exactly what it is. It's shared by
Alexander Mertz. Thanks Alexander for
sharing it. But here is the news. Class
A common stock par value. Boom. 2.9
billion shares issued and 2.8 billion
shares outstanding.
But here is the interesting thing. 36
billion shares authorized.
6.8 billion shares issued. an
outstanding performer. So what we see
here to make a very complicated thing
very simple is that the class A common
stock they have two classes class B
these are Elon's 10x voting stocks why
he controls 85% of voting in SpaceX and
they have these common stock
and these common stocks they only have
6.8 8 billion issued and outstanding. So
they are basically life, right? 6.8
billion common shares are life. That is
SpaceX plus the class B shares which are
a little less than 6 billion. That is
the total number of shares that define
who owns SpaceX as we speak. But they
have 36 billion shares authorized on the
shelf that can be now used to acquire
other companies. To acquire other
companies. Now what company would you
acquire for
six times more shares than you currently
have
or let's say three times for the total
number of shares? Three times. Okay. Let
that sink in. Let me explain why this is
so important. Clearly, these number of
shares can also be used to raise money,
but you're not going to dilute SpaceX by
300%.
Okay? So, these 36 billion shares out of
roughly 12 billion in total, including
class B. So, you have 12 billion shares
that define what SpaceX is today and 36
billion outstanding. This is so
interesting because clearly it is not
for any kind of merger other than Tesla
because no other merger would even
require 12 billion shares. 12 billion is
a onetoone merger. If SpaceX acquires a
company and pays its entire market cap
to acquire that company, it would need
12 billion shares. Just to make that
clear. So any kind of normal acquisition
is 10% 8% 5% 1%. Not 300%.
Okay. Now issuing new shares to raise
capital there's also absolutely no way
they would even issue 100% of their
current shares. There is no way they
would do that within the next 10 years.
No way. You're not going to raise $1.75
trillion in cash by diluting yourself
50%. So what are these 36 billion shares
for? And obviously you know the answer.
They're for acquiring Tesla.
But that is not the whole story when you
do the math. Okay? And I did the math
for you. I will show you some very
interesting math. And that's the purpose
of this video to actually go into a tiny
little model that I created that is of
great interest for every Tesla
shareholder. And the model is here.
Let's jump here. This time I'm not going
to make the mistake to not show the
model long enough because I got
complaints that was too quick last time.
Here's the model. Let me explain how it
works. Here is SpaceX current. Here's
the total shares. The total shares are
12.86
billion. These total shares of SpaceX,
let's zoom in to make this super simple,
are class B and class A. What is class
A? Class A are common stock, 6.91
billion common shares. They have a
voting power of one vote per share.
Class B 5.95
billion with voting power of 10x per
share. Elon Musk owns 12% of common
shares and he owns 93%
of class B shares. Okay.
So in total Musk ownership is roughly
50%.
Elon Musk owns 50% of SpaceX. But
because of these share classes he has
85% voting power. So he controls 85% of
the shares of the votes and 50% of the
economic power of SpaceX.
I hope that is understandable. If you do
the math, that is what you get to right.
He controls basically here's the total
number of votes by the way. So basically
you have 66 billion votes. You have 6.91
billion class Ass times 1. You have 5.95
* 10 which gives you 66 billion votes.
And Elon controls, you can do the math,
roughly 57 billion of the 67 billion
votes because he owns 5.5 billion* 10
class B shares. That is where how we get
to this number. 85% of votes is
controlled by Elon. Okay. Now let's look
at Tesla. And I will get to a very
important point because the very
important point in a second is that I
can show you that very likely we are
preparing for a situation where it's not
a merger of equals
but it's a merger of one to two or
something like that one to 2.5 where
Tesla shareholders will own the majority
the clear and vast majority of the
merged entity.
At least that is a very likely scenario
and I will show you in a second why that
is. Tesla common stock 3.7 billion Elon
Musk 7.17
100 million of beneficial shares
effectively owning 20% 19% of votes.
Okay.
Now let's look at the following. This is
the decisive thing and I will explain in
a second what happens in a onetoone
merger where Elon where SpaceX and Tesla
merge at the same market cap for example
SpaceX is 2 trillion let's say Tesla is
1.5 trillion that is the current
assumption of everyone in the room and
they're saying well Tesla gets paid a
little bit of a premium so we merge 2
trillion plus 2 trillion new entity is 4
trillion each set of shareholders Tesla
gets 50% % SpaceX gets 50% of the new
entity. In this situation of a onetoone
merger, Elon has 81% of the votes
assuming the merger happens only through
common class A shares which you can be
guaranteed that this is the plan. So the
Tesla shareholders only get common
shares and the SpaceX shareholders who
have common shares stay common and Musk
ownership economically is three is 34%
of the new entity up from 20 19% right
now.
So Elon would have a totally controlling
majority. Hey, on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video.
But now, let me explain something. Let's
zoom in here.
That is the outcome that everyone
assumes right now.
But I figured something out. When you
look at the entire timetable of what is
to come, June 12th, SpaceX goes public.
What happens next? Well, they have to
wait a little bit. The market has to
digest it. They cannot acquire Tesla
right away. They can't even announce it
because it would be a violation of
disclosure duties. You cannot have an
IPO and not say that and then four weeks
later come out and say, "Oh, by the way,
we are going to buy Tesla." Because that
means you definitely knew that when you
went IPO, when you went public and you
did not disclose the plan to acquire
Tesla in your documentation, which is
very bad. So you need legally a certain
amount of time between going public and
announcing the Tesla merger. So you can
legally argue that you were not fully
aware and the decision to acquire Tesla
or engage in an acquisition process what
had not been made preIPO because if the
decision to acquire Tesla would have
been made or even strongly intended, you
need to disclose it in an IPO. The fact
that they're not disclosing it means
they need to give it some time. They
cannot come out of the gate and say,
"Oops, surprise. We're going to buy
Tesla." Okay, so that means we have some
time. It also is a super complicated
operation. It also requires the majority
of Tesla shareholders to vote yes. So if
they're pissed, they're not going to do
it. And a lot of people say Elon has an
incentive of keeping it down, of keeping
Tesla down, of delaying all kinds of
things because he wants to merge them
one to one. And if Tesla gets bigger,
significantly bigger than SpaceX, which
you know that I believe it will be
bigger than SpaceX very soon because
Tesla goes to three trillion potentially
this year. 3 trillion would mean 800
bucks per share roughly. 800 bucks per
share very likely, more likely than not
to happen this year in my opinion. If
robo taxi scales, cyber cap scales, all
the arguments, all the facts on the
ground point to 15,000 cyber caps
unsupervised end of the year. People
criticize me for that and say I'm crazy.
I think the opposite is true. I'm
observing the facts. I think this is
going to happen. Now, not guaranteed,
but I think the time of delays and
waiting is finally over because of the
forcing function of CyberCap. As you
know,
if that happens,
people argue this cannot happen. People
argue Elon is going to delay it because
he wants to merge them and he cannot
afford Tesla to go much bigger than
SpaceX because how are you going to
merge them then? I tell you how. Instead
of doing a one-on-one mer merger, let's
assume SpaceX goes public, goes to two
trillion, and then my prediction is it
drops 25% or something by end of the
year. So we end up with SpaceX being 1.5
trillion and Tesla being 3 trillion when
the actual merger can get initiated in
2027.
That is a much more likely scenario than
Tesla being 2 trillion and SpaceX being
2 trillion. It's a much more likely
scenario that SpaceX deflates slowly
because they are now getting into a kind
of period where they have to build the
orbital AI and this is going to be 2028
and so on and so forth. So the market
will lose patience. The stock is too
high and will go down. That is my
prediction. Whereas Tesla is very close
to the robo taxi revolution and will go
to 3 trillion. Very likely.
So the most likely situation in 2027 in
the beginning of the year is Tesla at 3
trillion and SpaceX at 1.5 trillion.
Okay. What do you do then?
Then you're doing something that I call
a one to two merger. You merge these two
entities, SpaceX has to be the acquiring
company for many reasons, but mostly
because of the voting shares. But SpaceX
could just buy Tesla for twice the
amount of shares it currently has.
And what would be the price of that? 24
billion shares.
How many do they have? 36 billion
shares. Technically, they could even do
a 1 to3 merger.
That is the only explanation for what we
are seeing here. The only explanation is
not dilution and capital raises. It's
not normal acquisitions. We are talking
about a major acquisition that would be
able to acquire a company that is valued
two up to three times more than all of
SpaceX, which can only be Tesla. And so
they're mentally preparing for that. And
that would be the thing. Then maybe you
say now, but Joe, greedy little Elon, he
wants control over his companies. He's
not going to do that. Then he loses
control. If because he has so little
control, he only has 20% control over
Tesla. If Tesla becomes the juggernaut
and the 2:1 merger here to SpaceX,
wouldn't he lose control? And I did the
math for you. Here's the comparison.
Here's the interesting comparison.
Surprisingly, in a 1:22 merger, Elon's
ownership economically goes down from
34% to basically 30%. It goes down 5%
from 34.5%
to 29.37%.
Do you really think Elon cares about
that? Absolutely not. He does not care
about 5% ownership differential of the
new merged entity. But his votes
he would have 81% control over the vote.
In the one to two merger scenario he
would still have 78%
control of the vote because he controls
20% of the big one but he controls then
the vast majority of the 10x shares
which means the differential here is
minute.
It's about 51% or 66%. These are the
critical thresholds and Elon has total
control here and he has absolutely total
control in that situation. Still even in
one to three merger if Tesla goes to 4
trillion right and SpaceX goes to 1
trillion
even then it would be not a problem.
Okay. Well wait I did it wrong. If if
SpaceX goes to 1 trillion and Tesla goes
to 3 trillion, even then he would have a
total majority and that would still be
affordable with the shares authorized.
So when you do the math, you see there
is no difference between a 101 merger
and a 102 merger. And when you think
about the timeline coming up, the one
to2 merger is the much more likely
scenario. Why does this also matter to
Tesla shareholders? because it puts us
in a very different position and there
is no risk of anyone voting no. Imagine
your Tesla shares go to 800 bucks.
Imagine in January SpaceX approaches
Tesla for a for a vote and says, you
know, you have now your 800 bucks per
share. You think it's going to go to
a,000 and 2,000. Sure. But we have a
great company here in in 2028. SpaceX is
going to really start doing orbital AI.
So, let's do a merger and you guys with
your $800 per share price, you get
twothirds of this new company. Okay? You
can basically acquire SpaceX for only
half the price of Tesla.
Let that sink in. Who is going to vote
no against that? No one. So, you solve
all problems at the same time while not
having any disadvantage for Elon. He
controls the new entity. He still owns
30% of the new entity. Tesla
shareholders are all going to vote yes
because they got paid on Robo Taxi.
They're happy. And the proof that this
is the actual plan or at least a very
big option and probability is the
outstanding the authorized shares.
So I hope that was insightful. That is
why I'm not concerned about anything.
That is why I'm keeping my Tesla shares
by the way. That's why I'm not engaging
in the IPO of SpaceX. I think it's not a
good deal and I think we get it anyway
and I think Tesla will grow more from
here. Unless you're already in SpaceX,
of course, then you win. But if you go
into SpaceX at IPO, the risk that you
actually will lose money over the next 9
months after is high on paper.
Long-term, I'm super bullish on SpaceX,
by the way. If you intend to keep your
shares, fine. I just think Tesla is the
better option. I hope that was
interesting. There you have the model.
Always good to do some quantitative
analysis so you understand the facts. I
hope that was helpful and see you
tomorrow.