Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX IPO LIVESTREAM
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn44hRE5j5Y
Published:   2026-06-11 14:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-13 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

as I see it framed.
&gt;&gt; All right, welcome everybody. This is uh
the historic day today. This is the
SpaceX IPO day. We got Phil Bell joining
us and we've got a number of other folks
that will be joining us throughout the
day. First off this morning, uh Elon
Musk and SpaceX actually rang the bell.
So, let's take a look at that video.
There he is.
It's been how many years, Phil, since uh
you know since SpaceX actually formed
and completed for this day?
Two
&gt;&gt; 2002. So 24 years ago I think
&gt;&gt; 24 years ago and he has done it.
He is here. Uh what a what a time. And
remember when he did it for Tesla that
was amazing.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and now he gets to do it for SpaceX as
well. we are going to be watching this.
Some people are saying that the trading
will occur pretty well now like at this
hour but others are saying it might
still be midday. So if you are watching
uh please let me know as soon as you um
if you guys on the audience there know
that it's already started to happen. So
Phil, what uh what's your what's your
feeling today? I know you're a big
SpaceX fan.
&gt;&gt; I am a big SpaceX fan. I think I was a
SpaceX fan way before I was a Tesla fan.
So
yeah, it's pretty exciting. I mean, I
keep writing about it and talking about
it and I think my neighbors think I'm
crazy, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, the data came back today. I think
it is five times overs subscribed and
&gt;&gt; uh I I tried to get allocation myself
and I got 3% of what I asked for through
E Trade. So I think I've heard a lot of
people just getting one share. So this
is uh you never know yeah what happened
there but um
this is crazy and and then of course the
the narrative is that Elon is the
richest man on earth now right if it
goes up just by two or 3% above $135 he
will now combined all his companies be a
trillionaire in shares options which he
doesn't have but the articles are being
written now I don't know if you saw the
Glo and Mail article that was just a
complete hatchet job.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, the thing about it is
the beautiful piece of irony is the man
who doesn't care about money is the
richest man in the world.
So, maybe that's the way maybe that's a
lesson, you know? I mean, what what are
you chasing? And in the case of Elon,
um he's chasing all these other things.
And money is the,
you know, some yard stick, somebody's
yard stick. But I mean, how does he use
his money? He doesn't really use his
money, you know? So, yeah, it's it's
pretty glorious, actually.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Yeah. Gwen Shotwell was on. I'm going to
get that video and she was interviewed.
I don't know if you saw that one
recently, and she was asked straight
out,
&gt;&gt; you know, there's all this conversation.
People believe that SpaceX will acquire
Tesla. What's your statement?
&gt;&gt; And I'll play that. I I'll go get that
video shortly here. But she basically
didn't say I'm not allowed to talk about
it. She basically said, you know, right
now I'm focused on the space area, but
when that happens, it happens. So, it's
very interesting. So,
&gt;&gt; she said it would make Elon's life
better.
&gt;&gt; Yes. She said it would make Elon's life
better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. She said there's no doubt it would
make Elon's life simpler or better or
something. So,
&gt;&gt; let's take a closer look at this video.
Um, do you know who's who's surrounding
him?
&gt;&gt; I do not. I do not. I looked at it this
morning. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you know what's funny? Elon thought
that uh um Shotwell was there at at one
moment. He said, "Where where is she?"
Oh, that's right. She's in New York.
Duh.
So,
uh, that was pretty funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, I'm going to go find. Do you
guys know where I need to go to find the
actual um uh you know, if there's any
video that's being played?
Yeah, it could take some time for it to
trade.
Um
my experience is somewhat limited with
this but Rivian which was heavily overs
subscribed took three and a half hours
to start trading after the market
opened. So
I am hopeful this doesn't wait that long
but um
you know the NASDAQ's got to figure out
the first the first opening print.
So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I don't know. The the the several
reports said it's going to be trading
very shortly here. So I'm going to play
this video of
&gt;&gt; I hope so, but I'm not necessarily
&gt;&gt; Yeah, keep an eye out for that. Uh
what's your expectation? I mean like it
is overs subscribed. Let's first of all,
let's listen to Gwen G. Gwen Shotwell
interview being interviewed asked about
if there's a merger. And keep in mind
guys, I am all for this, but can you
imagine if Gwen now becomes a COO or
president of Tesla combined with SpaceX
and she manages the earnings calls? Oh
my god,
&gt;&gt; glorious day.
&gt;&gt; Glorious day.
&gt;&gt; Speculation that SpaceX could merge with
its sister company Tesla. Um, this is
just one example of some of the notes
that are circulating right now. This is
Dan Ies from Wedbush continue to believe
that SpaceX and Tesla will eventually
merge 80% plus chance in his view into
one company in 2027 and that the
groundwork is already in place for both
operations to become one organization.
Your response?
&gt;&gt; Uh that might make Elon's life a little
easier actually.
Um there's no question that there's
synergies between Tesla and SpaceX and
our futures. Definitely there's a
convergence uh of kind of what we're all
trying to accomplish in the future, but
right now I'm focused on keeping the
lights on here, keeping rockets in
production, flying rockets, flying
people, getting to the International
Space Station, and critically providing
broadband to folks that don't have
access to that critical capability. So,
I'm really focused on that. I'm not
focused on that part of the future at
least.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Well, that sounded like a
yes to me,
&gt;&gt; you know. She's she's um she's terrific.
What a great what a great executive to
have,
&gt;&gt; you know. And and I love the fact that
she's been there for so so many years.
That's the best kind really if you think
about it.
&gt;&gt; Wasn't she employee? I would I want us
to say six.
&gt;&gt; Um I wrote on that a bit ago and I've
actually forgotten, but in the top in
the first 10, I believe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, I think she met Elon at
some event suggested he needs some VP of
sales and he turned around and offered
her the job and then she said no uh at
least for a couple days and then she
thought what am I crazy? Why wouldn't I
do this? Um and they've been together
ever since which is really really
terrific. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I saw something like uh how many
employees of SpaceX are now going to be
multi-millionaires. Every even folks
that were like welders and blueco collar
workers.
&gt;&gt; This is the largest historic epic
uh IPO ever. And so what you're
expecting it with on the on the moment
that it starts trading, it shoots up
immediately, right? That that's the
expectation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, so the IPO price is $135 a
share. That's what anybody that was
allocated already paid that. Um, I
suspect that the open price will
probably be 25 20 between 20 to 30%
above that. I think that would be my
guess.
&gt;&gt; That's it.
&gt;&gt; So, 20%
just
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; just as it opens. Um,
but you know, I don't know. I mean,
maybe it'll open. I mean, what did I
say? I literally said yesterday, so I
may as well at least at least go with
what I said. Um,
I'm I'm staring at my ex-wall
and I said,
uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I didn't say I I said it. I really
did.
&gt;&gt; What' you say? 20%.
&gt;&gt; I know. I'm looking I'm looking for it.
Um,
Okay, so I gave here's my predictions.
Actually, I said it will open at $167 a
share. Um have an intraday high of 194
and we'll close at 173.
&gt;&gt; Okay. 173.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so the you know after after
trades the entire day close up at 173. I
didn't work out the percentages in my
brain there. So, um,
but you know, I mean, who knows? Hey,
Alexander.
&gt;&gt; Woohoo. Alexandra, welcome. So, you uh
you are going to be on many shows. Tell
us your list of shows you're you're
being invited to.
&gt;&gt; Well, I am now on the Herbert show,
which is the most important of all,
isn't it? And I look still a mess. I
think I should get myself together, but
never mind. You get me as a mess. Um I
will be the most important is at 8:40 on
Bloomberg because um I think that just
has the largest reach and we want retail
shareholders to be heard. Never heard
back from BBC. I'm having a discussion
with ARC in 15 minutes. That's why I'm
here only for 15 minutes but I thought
I'll I'll join you all. I mean it it
looks very promising that so many small
accounts got their allocations. I love
that. And then some international um
brokers, especially in Australia, they
performed consistently at 40% of of
allocations. Great news. Europe got much
more than they hoped for. I think the
two letdowns are a little bit Robin Hood
and Schwab. And Schwab, I just want to
warn everybody. I mean, you know, I'm no
Schwab friend, but they are staggering
their allocations. So, don't, you know,
despair yet. you may get more in the
course of the morning. And then first
rumors on CNBC is 175. So let's see what
comes out of that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I I am definitely seeing a 175
number being touted.
Um I I don't think Schwab are going to
be staggering any more than they've
staggered.
um
because I've been allocated and I don't
see any
way that it Well, I'm just looking at
the um trade um
trade status and I don't show any
orders. Well,
&gt;&gt; I take that back. I see open. Yeah, I
see open to buy. Yep, that is open. No.
&gt;&gt; And I mean, I can't believe it. Larry,
you are an early investor and you went
in again at the IPO. You don't have
enough yet
&gt;&gt; at 135. I I have open to buy several
thousand shares.
&gt;&gt; There you go. You're my hero. I just
love
&gt;&gt; I I'm not only open to buy at 135, I'm
going to be buying up to 170.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, first of all, this is not
financial advice. We have to be very
very careful. Today, Curious Py
&gt;&gt; Curious Py was doing a live stream on
the SpaceX IPO and his channel was
completely uh revoked. Yeah. Closed by
YouTube because he might have said
something about stocks. So, we got to be
careful about that. I want to share
again that this morning Elon and U
SpaceX actually rang the bell. So,
&gt;&gt; that's why I told you this is
&gt;&gt; this is the morning. Um can you guys
tell me who used
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Did you see Ira in his Hawaiian
shirt? I mean,
&gt;&gt; that's what I'm saying. Yeah. Who's
who's who's actually there? First of
all, let me let me play the the sound
here and people can see
who who do you see there?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's Elon in the middle. He
looked so shaved and polished. It's been
a while. It's been a while. And there's
Gwyn there. I think there was New York's
not left. She's not in that picture. She
She was in New York.
&gt;&gt; She was there. Yeah. But she was she was
there. She was
&gt;&gt; No, she was on in New York.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; This picture is SpaceX in Bo in
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see.
&gt;&gt; In Star Base.
&gt;&gt; Okay, got it.
&gt;&gt; There were two There were two separate
ones.
&gt;&gt; Well, I thought they were they they
announced that they rang.
&gt;&gt; How can you ring the bell if you're not
there?
Well, they have a virtual bell.
Elon thought she was there for a minute.
&gt;&gt; And and Herbert, this is not the New
York Stock Exchange bell that everybody
knows. This is the NASDAQ bell which is
in a studio in New York and which can
also be in any studio wherever else. So,
it's not it's not the floor and the
balcony.
&gt;&gt; It's a virtual bill. It's a virtual
bill.
And Gwyn was in uh New York with a bunch
of SpaceX guys and Elon was in Starbase
with a bunch of guys and uh
&gt;&gt; all the all the Starbase guys were
there. I'm telling you they were
&gt;&gt; I mean it been such a day
&gt;&gt; before you need to leave like what are
the big questions you think you'll be
asked? Um, what's your answer? Like I
think today it's a big battle between
the SpaceX cues, the Tesla cues, the
Elon haters. They are coming out. Glob
and Mail had a hit piece on Elon this
morning. He is a trillionaire. How dare
this person do this? What's your
expectations?
&gt;&gt; I prepared myself. I prepared myself on
the net worth porn question because that
one is going to come and I'm going to
say net worth porn because I want them
to stop this. They have to think how
many 140,000 employees and their
families have great jobs and are, you
know, living a good life thanks to Elon.
How many how many indirect jobs were
created thanks to Elon? How many
investors got rich thanks to Elon? And
all they care about is a stupid
hypothetical number because all of it is
in stock. It can go up and down. It's
fully at risk and all they do is net
worth porn. I am so ready for that
question. I can tell you because that's
going to come. There's no doubt about
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that is happening.
&gt;&gt; Good for you.
&gt;&gt; I appreciate we have you to appear. Who
where are you appearing today? You got
CNBC. Who else?
&gt;&gt; Well, I got uh Bloomberg, Bloomberg TV.
And then I'm supposed to be on BBC. I
still haven't heard from them there. I
mean, the English, they can't even get
the show organized anymore. That's where
we are with the English. It's crazy. So,
&gt;&gt; you know, Alexander, I see you wearing a
a green sweater. I mean, you should be
wearing your armor. I mean, you're our
&gt;&gt; I do it. I can tell you that.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Scott.
&gt;&gt; Hello.
&gt;&gt; There he is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Can we hear you Scott?
&gt;&gt; Can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is my voice okay?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good. I'm using my the meta
glasses. That will be the best thing. I
can hear you quite well and I can see
everything here. You can see behind me I
think there is kind of the SpaceX logo
going on there and then over here you
should have the NASDAQ tower.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And you can see the press gaggle around
there. Everything else.
&gt;&gt; Love it.
&gt;&gt; I will try my best.
&gt;&gt; Go interview Minnie and Mickey Mouse. Uh
everything else.
Scott, can you go and interview some of
the media people and ask them what
questions they want to ask? We could
answer for them.
&gt;&gt; I will try.
&gt;&gt; I will try. Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, why are the media there? Well, if if
they if this is the uh studio,
Alexander, why are they all there?
Well, I guess they hoped that Elon would
be in there and they could catch him
when he was coming out or I don't know
what they're trying to do, but u they
probably have just learned that he's
actually at Starbase, which is what he
does, right? Sleeps on the floor and uh
works from the workplace rather than
hanging out with the New York crowd.
&gt;&gt; I love that. I love that. That's just
another middle finger to them. I I
watched yesterday the 2010 interview
after the Tesla IPO when um CNBC asked
him you know how bad this is going to go
and then he said oh that's Kramer saying
that the Kramer that did recommend Bur
Sterns and Leman that Kramer and that
was that and I loved it I was like yes
give it to them give it teach us how we
have to give it to them stick it to them
exactly what they need Scott's back
Yeah, I was I was poking around trying
to get uh a different camera view here
and I somehow obviously got myself out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if you can flip the phone
landscape, that's better. But that no
worries, it's good.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. No, no problem. I can go
landscape. I was just thinking the
NASDAQ tower is going to be a bit
tougher,
&gt;&gt; but yeah, I can do that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, let me see. I'm trying to go
&gt;&gt; back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When do you guys when do you guys
think that it's actually going to go IPO
or the actual trading starts?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, Larry was right. I had
hoped that Larry and Phil were right
because I thought they would go straight
away, but they're not ready, right?
&gt;&gt; It's not ready yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's indications uh of trades
at about $175 a share. That's what the
indications are. Whether or not that
actual trades taking place yet, I don't
I doubt it very much. you know they have
to clear millions of trans millions
&gt;&gt; and lots of small allocation lots of
tens and fives and whatever I mean this
is a lot of
&gt;&gt; I would that's not going to be the
problem the problem is going to be to
try and balance orders against um uh
against selling tickets against buying
tickets
&gt;&gt; the the the oneoffs the few you know the
tens and the and the hundreds of of
shares that they can deal with. It's the
very large orders to try and match
those.
&gt;&gt; It's, you know, and and you know,
they're probably um
I guess a dozen or so uh uh wirehouses
they have to clear and then they have to
clear all the people that trade through
them.
It's going to take I mean probably
longer than most uh IPOs take just given
the numbers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so I don't I don't see it starting
much before 12:30 maybe 1:00
&gt;&gt; Eastern.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm talking Easter. And the fact
that um they're already indicating
a clearing price of 175 means that they
they
they have a real fix on it. So, we'll
see. I'll see. It's It's a bit high for
me. I don't know that I'm going to go in
at that level. Although, you know, an
extra five. Anyway, that's just my
personal
&gt;&gt; You can't
How many shareholders will now will
there now be, Alexander? There's 10
million uh for Tesla shareholders. It
sounds like that SpaceX might actually
have end up having more than 10 million
retail shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Not today. I mean this we we hear a lot
this is our crowd but but it's not going
to go straight away to 10 million. You
know it took Tesla a couple of years to
get to 10 million. Nobody else is at 10
million. So uh but I mean we may soon
all be together and there will be a lot
of overlap. I mean I hear of many people
who said you know I've been since 2012
in Tesla and I'm now buying some SpaceX
finally. And so these are people who
could not be credited investors earlier.
So these are not huge huge accounts.
These three people on this panel here,
you got Phil, you got Larry, and you got
Scott. They are first and foremost
SpaceX investors and SpaceX, you know,
fans before they became Tesla fans. So,
I don't know, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but they all have both, right? And
and I think so many of us will end up
with both and soon one. And then we'll
see. Good. I'll try to get myself a
little bit together. Larry, I see you in
five minutes. And everybody else, I see
you in an hour on Bloomberg. Okay. Take
care. Thanks for listening me out.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you so much, Alexander.
Fantastic. I'm We're so happy that uh
very lucky that she is representing
Tesla retail shareholders out there
being interviewed.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; she's a warrior.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Scott, tell us what else what's
happening on the ground there.
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. We're working well.
Okay, we got you.
&gt;&gt; There's Aaron. Hey, Aaron.
&gt;&gt; We have Aaron Bernett from Mach 33. Uh
he has the most comprehensive business
model for SpaceX. Uh lots of the big
institutions use his modeling. In fact,
Elon uh replied to you saying that he
thought that uh you were too
conservative. But then did you make
recent changes now that you learned even
more uh based on the prospectus
information that they shared?
Uh yeah, we're we're constantly
tweaking. Um you just there's new news
coming out every day. Um but yeah, he uh
the one he we released on Tuesday, I
think it was was he said it's a we we'll
fall fall short of our goal. Far short
of our goal. Sorry, woke up pretty early
this morning. Um so yeah,
&gt;&gt; what he said was if we hit what you're
saying, we would fall far short of our
our own goals.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. That's that's what he
was saying.
&gt;&gt; I think I I think that's honestly a
timing issue. I think he wants he wants
to get sooner. He wants to get to your
numbers sooner. And I think that's
classic Elon. I think your numbers hold,
Erin. I think they're really great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The big thing that we found um
which I I wasn't kind of behind today,
so I wasn't able to bring up that um
hologram that that uh Vlad made for us.
But that's really helpful because it's
operational, right? It shows the all the
different satellites that are going up
and it's a it's it's it's a nice visual
to kind of feed into it. But
functionally speaking, what it says was
that would take, you know, 2 million
tons to orbit between all the different
things, Starlink and AI compute. Um that
would happen by 2040. And he he's saying
that he could probably get it as soon as
he's thinking a million tons per year by
2030 or 2031. So something like minimum
of a 5x um difference. Um and he's he's
expecting to go about five times sooner
or more.
&gt;&gt; So um yeah, I mean we're I I I wind up
at really big numbers even with that
level of conservatism. And so um I think
I think it's a one of these things you
just you know buy and hold. And you you
do have to have patience though because
this is not like a in six months
everything that we're talking about is
going to materialize. Did anybody watch
the BG2 pod that they dropped yesterday?
I mean, to me, the the key is, you know,
the the the the
Earthbound compute. I mean,
if you just simply look at the earnings
that they're getting from the compute on
the ground, all they have to do is
expand that and and they achieve
incredible numbers. Just extraordinary
numbers. So, you know, to me, that's a
that's a major part of the story. Oh,
there's the there's the hologram.
&gt;&gt; Can you explain what this is?
&gt;&gt; I've got a drop, guys.
&gt;&gt; You're in very good hands. Thank you.
there.
&gt;&gt; Erin, when I first saw this, I thought
you were trying to show satellites in
orbit.
&gt;&gt; Well, so there's two there's two
holograms. Um,
&gt;&gt; no, I meant literally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Uh, there is another one that actually
shows satellites in orbit. Um, and that
was the one I was referring to. This is
a a value cloud which is really designed
to to kind of offset against a bunch of
different things quite frankly, right?
is trying to say like hey what are the
different what are the different um core
uh assumptions. We have another chart in
there where it shows which variables are
the most impactful to valuation based on
our model. Right? So the the world as we
see it what are the most impactful um if
you change something one way it really
messes with the valuation. And so what
you see there is we have um basically
six different variables you can choose
to kind of create um on the x's x and y
axis there. Um, and then you pick your
your your valuation method, which is is
a big core component to this because it
just depends. Your valuation method
changes a lot of numbers here. Um, but
functionally speaking, what it comes
down to is kind of your adoption rates
for AI, which is like I think we've all
agreed I most of us agree I think that
uh adoption rates very important. um you
know what's the demand for AI? If it is
near an unlimited type of future or at
least unlimited to our in our
perspective today, then you know we're
not going to have any issues and I
believe that to be the case. But if you
um if you have some of the other stuff
in there like um you know it really
impacts it. Um so you can kind of see
what happens. There's some cool stuff
over time.
&gt;&gt; By the way,
&gt;&gt; what is your valuation then for 2027?
&gt;&gt; So we didn't like say here's the exact
number. What we said was like if you
were to if you were to look at a range
anywhere from the most conservative
median came in at 1.7 and then the
least, you know, the most aggressive
median came in at 4.2. So it kind of
said, you know, it's probably based on
all the probabilities somewhere between
those two numbers. Um, and I think the
right way that we describe it is think
of it as, you know, a bond staple to a
call option. you kind of get a stable
predictable kind of value, relatively
predictable. There's always risks and
things like that, but you're getting a
lot of the free kind of uh growth
opportunity um if you were to like look
at all the values that we set. Like it's
basically, you know, you're you have a
floor price um by getting in today. And
so you know what am I I think that what
people ask me that I think is is fairly
relevant would be like what am I telling
&gt;&gt; my parents or my siblings or you know
what am I doing myself and effectively I
tell them the same thing which is um you
know if your time horizon so my mom
who's much older and you know retirement
age little bit different than my I have
a young sister who's like college age um
very different you know but that's like
That's like a financial advisory sort of
thing. But I say, you know, you should
probably sit on this and hold for 5 10
15 years and I think you'll be very
happy with it. And um just dollar cost
average. Like this is not something to
try and guesstimate or time the market.
I'm not very good at it. There are some
people who's that's their whole job is
to time things. You know, some of those
are our clients. That's not me. So
that's what I tell my that's exactly
what I tell my parents. like if if
you're going to do it, I I I definitely
believe what they're doing is is huge.
There's a huge upside and um you should
put some in, but you shouldn't
necessarily, you know, just be ready to
buy if there's ever a dip and just do it
over time.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And then what what's the likelihood that
they will have one gigawatt next year,
2027, because Elon pulled that forward
into 2027
&gt;&gt; the in in space?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
AI data center 2027.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the AI um update I think was
Monday, right? So, that was another big
uh kind of interesting update. The
biggest thing we got out of that was
that um they were saying well there's a
couple of fun things. Uh the technical
stuff I'll I'll maybe uh Phil and I can
take offline to talk about uh because we
like that stuff. But the like the like
where what it matters is he was saying
what it sounded to me is effectively
offtheshelf GPUs or Reuben Vera Rubins
and and and things like that and that
that
&gt;&gt; assuming that that is true maybe I
misinterpreted it but assuming that is
true then in theory that does that
creates a pull forward because a lot of
our assumptions were based on
effectively you you will definitely get
better cost over time and performance if
you build for the you know build for the
environment more custom. So that's like
ter post tter fab early yields kind of
stuff. Um so if you take that out of the
equation you can buy them effectively
off the shelf in the next year to two
years and there's no reason they
couldn't put some up there. the first
gigawatt. The best way to think about
gigawatts though I think like in
gigawatts in space is like how many
launches uh how much mega wattage per
launch which I I think the guys on the
BG2
pod said the same thing um it's like
five think of it as roughly five megawws
per launch 5 to 10 so you're in this
like 100 to 200 launches to get a
gigawatt up range and so
&gt;&gt; that's that's pretty that's quite a bit
that's quite a lot I mean that's one
every two days. They're doing it now
though, right? So
&gt;&gt; I would think realistically
you can do that from uh may maybe that's
2028 2029 heavily depends on this GPU
thing like we haven't really like said
okay what's the realism of this specific
new class what we learned from this
announcement was they're going to take
offtheshelf compute which is a should be
a time um accelerant and then the other
thing we learned was that their at least
with their architecture specs that they
have today are higher power density than
our than our early version suggested it
would be. And so what that means is
they're able to get more power density a
aka cheaper uh you know get more compute
per launch and all that. So aka cheaper
um with just architectural changes. They
don't need extra help from the compute
side of things. So, in theory, they
should be able to launch those, but you
know, we're talking 100 to 200 launches
to get to that first gigawatt. And
you're talking, you know, times like 50
50 satellites per launch. So, they need
to be able to build that many
satellites. They need to be able to
launch that many. um
&gt;&gt; if they were doing it next year I I my
read on what they were saying is more
like we'll start doing it next year and
we'll start building that up and it
becomes valuable at like 100 200
megawatts so you don't you know you can
sell like 200 megawatts at a time if
they wanted to sell compute or train up
there so it doesn't have to go to a
gawatt
&gt;&gt; once they said they would use Nvidia in
the short run there was a possibility
right I mean this I guess it all circles
back down to Starship at this
liability.
&gt;&gt; Al comes back to Starship and it it
seems to always do that.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, it's uh it's incredibly
important. I thought one of the more
important things that we saw from
uh Gwen's interview that she did with
with Morgan Brennan was like she kind of
gave I don't know if she's done this in
the past. I try to watch closely, but I
don't think she's done this in the past.
um have really definitive timelines on
um you know what's coming up with flight
13 14 and and 15.
&gt;&gt; Um big surprises there as far as like
they're planning on trying to hit orbit
as soon as not this next launch but the
one after.
&gt;&gt; Um they're expecting that by 15 it's a
monthly cadence
um which is kind of close. So, you know,
you're talking probably another
four launches in this year. And she
thought it was very very likely that
they're on orbit by the end of this
year. Um, and then she also said one of
them might be from from Cape uh Cape
Canaveral, which is that that's that's
interesting to me as someone in Florida
that lives there. So, um, oh, that'd be
cool. Sooner rather than later, I'd love
that. Um, so those are some interesting
things. All coming back to like Starship
and getting it going. It's just a matter
of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exciting.
I mean, she made it seem like
it's a lot more
Yeah, I mean, it's it Let's just put
this way. She has great credibility, I
think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely does. And um you know
&gt;&gt; I think our boss sometimes doesn't you
know he doesn't get
&gt;&gt; he kind of
&gt;&gt; well he has to he has to create the
stretch goals and
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; if you've ever if you've ever talked to
an engineer right then you know why that
is because it's always a push back um
even in my little world where the little
interaction I have with engineers is
it's always a push back. Everything's
got to be so much longer um you know by
default for some reason. So, yeah, I get
it. Like, you have to like encourage and
push and keep the vision going. Um, it
makes total sense and you got to you
really got to just go for it. Um, but,
um, yeah, so I think that envelope is
realistic. I would expect if they're
doing it next year, these are like early
prototypes. Um, but um, you know, start
to some kind of scale.
&gt;&gt; In some ways, it doesn't quite matter,
right? I mean, you get if you get 50 to
100 up there and you show viability,
even if it's not your chip, uh, even if
you don't have full reusability,
I you'll have probably booster
reusability for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, questionable about Starship for a
bit, but
I mean, look, the platform is going to
do this. There's no doubt about it. I It
seems incredibly inevitable.
Um, it really is a matter of timing.
You know, I was thinking about this
stock and I was thinking at, you know,
friends were asking me what I thought of
SpaceX and I said, 'Well, it is not it's
a funny stock because it it's got about
get it get it today, get it hot, but
it's got about two years until anything
really lights up, I think, in a way that
we can start to see
the business model hit scale. Um
&gt;&gt; I think I think the the the potential
for uh you know a caveat to that claim
is the the terrestrial compute in AI
which is I think why the the BG2 guys
were so um that that was uh Larry's
point earlier they were so kind of
fixated on that point is that hey it's
definitely like they can believe they
don't have to worry about orbital data
centers and they're professional
investors right and so they Like the the
as a retail investor the value you have
or you have like one advantage and that
is that you don't have arbitrary rules
set aside on set on top of you that you
have to like report performance within a
certain amount of time or like actually
give money back at a certain amount of
time stuff like that. Um you have the
ability and luxury of time. It's an
advantage if you use it intelligently.
And so with that in mind you know that
you can look beyond that. These guys are
professional investors. they're having
to fixate and focus on they can kind of
like say hey yeah orbital data centers
make sense but we have to by default
kind of not worry about it and it's not
their fault it's not that they can't um
think beyond that but you know when
they're making investment decisions
professionally they need to be thinking
in more yearly
two every two years kind of kind of time
frame um because they got to think about
liquidity cycles and you know the fund
performance and all that.
Let's uh let's let's listen into this
that happened earlier today.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I thought there was music.
Guess there's no there's no sound.
&gt;&gt; I hear sounds.
&gt;&gt; I I heard I heard Elton John.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I guess I thought that there
was sound.
&gt;&gt; This is No, this is uh this is coming
directly from NASDAQ. So, you can just
uh thought there there was sound of him
doing a speech. How about that? How
about that? The end of that speech. You
guys heard the the very end.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of the inspirational
&gt;&gt; um
uh again my brain's a little slow, but
if we can find that, that'd be great. Um
&gt;&gt; okay,
&gt;&gt; it was basically that, you know, there's
a bunch of things to worry about in the
world. Everything sucks. We understand
that there's we need to have something
that we can be, you know, look forward
to. I don't know, maybe a combination of
music and background and ambiance of the
moment and it but I felt like it was
pretty powerful. Um, and uh, it was it
was the right note to kind of open
things up, hit the but hit the buzzer
on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, let's get to um,
Scott, are you there? Scott,
&gt;&gt; yes, I am. Herbert, can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yes, we can. Very nicely clearly. Go
ahead. tell us uh your story about
SpaceX and what you're thinking. Go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, what I'm thinking is that
about I think 8:30 this morning uh
SpaceX had their fourth launch of the
week. So, Sunday they launched out of
Vandenberg. Monday they launched out of
the Cape. Yesterday they launched out of
Vandenberg and this morning they
launched again out of the Cape. If you
were a normal conservative company going
into an IPO, maybe you wouldn't have
launched yesterday and maybe you
wouldn't have launched this morning. But
they went for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And not only were they successful
launches, they stuck the landings again.
It's so prosaic what they do to the
point of Quitian that I mean this is why
you're having the IPO is because they've
been able to prove
that they can deliver on the future uh
already and they have been doing it.
I've not I've already known it for a
couple years now because my go-to
internet is Starlink. It actually
replaced my cable because my cable
sucked compared to what I was getting.
So I know for real that's part of the
reason why I'm a SpaceX investor. And
the other thing here is like you know
New York is New York's going to New
York, right? It's going to be very
crazy. I'm down here at Times Square and
it's especially crazy because the whole
city has been festuned with of course
Nickerbacher flags to say nothing about
what the game was like the other night.
Um, and then of course the World Cup
just started and now you throw this in
on top of it. It's been kind of a crazy
week and I'm out here kind of sweating
to death because of course it's June in
New York City and it's like in the 80s
and humid. Um, and of course right
behind me hopefully you can see in the
shot is the NASDAQ tower uh announcing
the SpaceX
uh listing today.
And as you can see, there's also a press
gaggle behind me uh of everyone wanting
to cover this. And I guess I would say
it's not qu it's actually a bit more
quiet than I expected this morning
compared to last night. But it might be
that the crazy starts at night, but I
did pass Minnie and Mickey Mouse on the
way here. I have not seen Spider-Man or
the Hulk yet, but I'm sure they're going
to show up. So yeah, that's kind of what
the scene is right here. Uh, do you have
any idea of how the order book is going
at this point? Have they actually gone
ahead and um started trading or does it
look like we're still a couple hours
away?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not started trading and the
last data I got was that it's five times
overs subscribed. Five times over.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Five times. Okay. So, I I've heard
conflicting reports. So, depending upon
which platform you've been using, you
had to do like a reaffirmation
yesterday. So, anyone that put in their
uh IPO order on Schwab needed to
reaffirm last night and the window
closed at 7:00 a.m. this morning. So, if
you did not uh do that yesterday in that
12-h hour window, you are so right now.
Um other trading platforms went the
other way. You you had that 12-h hour
window to basically disavow that you
wanted to do it. Um, and I've seen some
people say they got a 100% of their
allocations, some 40%. Another one said
they got 28%.
And I don't know, it looks like I got
maybe 18%, but it might be that they're
going to trickle in during the day. So,
I think it should be hitting people's um
accounts now to see what they actually
have there at the IPO
um
value of like $135
per share. So, you might want to check
and see if it's there. Um, again, it
might be trickling in
a little bit. And yeah, I can believe
it's it's it's overvalued. Now, I don't
know exactly how they decided to assign
the shares, but the algorithm they might
be using might be very similar to how
congressional representatives are
aortioned in the US in which every state
is guaranteed one, right? And then the
rest of the allocations depending upon
population. In this case, it's kind of
depends upon the size of your order. And
I think there was like a really
interesting kind of game theory going on
here. Think about what happened is that
everyone knows you're not going to get
the entire order that you want, but the
chances of you getting your order is to
be going for a bigger number. So let's
say you wanted $100,000
worth of SpaceX shares. Well, then you
may have put in a bid for, I don't know,
half million, million dollars, something
like that. But it's a little bit of
gamesmanship there because what if it
turns out you actually get your full
allocation?
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, you would be in trouble.
But but what but but of course the other
thing that space what they did in all
these sites is that if you said that you
wanted to buy these many shares, the the
cash had to be in your account. You
couldn't do it on margin that the cash
had to hit it. that could be why the
market went down last Friday. And that's
not just my conjecture. I've talked to a
bunch of other people and they had sort
of the same feeling. He said it's
possible that everyone took a lot out
because they had to make sure the cash
was there. So that was kind of a little
bit of a liquidity event making sure
it's there. And now of course what's
going to happen is most people are going
to find out they still have 75% of that
over. that's going to get probably
redeployed over the next couple of days
either into SpaceX itself depending upon
what the the um the value is or it's
going to go back into wherever it came
from. So, this is going to be rather
interesting and again the game theory on
that is rather interesting because they
they really pumped up the the volume in
a way that's going to have a really
interesting effect on it. And I I'm just
wondering people who let's say know
exactly a bit more about order books and
how trading works what their thoughts
are on that. And again, New York is New
Yorking right now. You can't go five
minutes without there being a fire
engine.
&gt;&gt; It's you, Scott. They're chasing you
down.
&gt;&gt; Schwab gave me two allocations this
morning.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Schwab might have been staggering
at
&gt;&gt; It's possible. It's It's possible. I'm
going to double check. I only saw one
allocation so far.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's listen to actually I do
actually have uh Elon's actual speech.
That's that's
&gt;&gt; I always think about this. There are
there are always problems on Earth.
There are always problems on Earth.
There always things that we we wish to
be better that we want to solve here on
Earth and we we should solve them. But
but they also have to be things that get
you excited about the future, that make
you glad to wake up in the morning
because you can't wait to see what
happens next.
And that's the future that SpaceX wants
to bring to you.
I'm all for that.
Yeah, it's a uh
yeah, it's one of these things where you
just have like uh you know an actually
inspirational kind of thing where you
can look forward to and potentially even
um you know also make money on, right?
Um, that's that's kind of the thought
process I think that a lot of people can
can get behind and why you have so many
I don't know how many actual numbers of
of retail kind of investors there were,
but I was seeing Sawyer Merritt had what
like he shared a screenshot of someone
that had like 800,000
person on Robin Hood. Um, so you know
there's a lot of a lot of people that
are involved and yeah, I think in some
ways it's a little bit of the state of
you know the world today. It's like you
need you need a we want a reason to wake
up. Um so I felt like that was fairly
powerful. Maybe maybe uh a little bit
more, you know, philosophical than the
than the financial mindset I normally
have, but I like
&gt;&gt; When did you start following uh SpaceX,
Aaron?
&gt;&gt; I really started following in 2018 from
the Falcon Heavy
&gt;&gt; um with the Tesla on top. I did not uh
didn't even know they really existed
before then. That's a
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that the Tesla thing was blew my
mind open and it's like all my sci-fi
love for, you know, I just assumed it
was science fiction though, right? I saw
these things, these boosters landing
side by side and my brain just like kind
of had a slight short short circuit or
&gt;&gt; what were you doing at the time?
&gt;&gt; I was in Ecuador. Uh I my wife and I had
just gotten uh had just gotten married
and we were waiting for her papers in
Ecuador. I was working remotely at the
time. I remember like I remember the
weird like in between apartment we were
in and my brain just like
shortcircuited. I was like this is not
real. This is real. This is not real.
This is real. Um you know and I just I
want I need to be a part of it. And I
spent multiple years of just figuring
out as much as I could, following as
much as I could on the the company and
what the industry was doing. And and it
started um what could be I guess a
lifelong obsession, but at least it's
been um you know, eight years.
&gt;&gt; And how did you uh I know that Elon
almost every single post you do, he
replies to you. What does he
&gt;&gt; I post far more than that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. He seems he seems to reply to
&gt;&gt; I try to reply to every one of errands,
but
&gt;&gt; yeah, maybe I don't follow you. So I I'm
kidding. Uh tell me
&gt;&gt; I I do the thing, you know, where I kind
of go in spurts and I might, you know,
have whatever creative, you know. So
&gt;&gt; what is it about your work that he liked
that just that the accuracy, the
attention to detail
&gt;&gt; potentially? I think um I I think we try
to we're fairly paranoid about our work.
Um when we first started, we were very
concerned about um you know, trying to
put something out there that made sense.
Um and also something that that matters.
So, you know, you can you can spend a
lot of time, you know, fine-tuning
things that don't matter as well. Um but
I I don't know. I I quite frankly we
just are paranoid about our work and we
have a very we have an obsession with
quality what we perceive to be quality
whatever you know that is I think is
kind of a personal definition um but
when it comes to this stuff we we really
don't like always want to go a level
deeper like we have our own you know
claw skills where we have um skeptics
that are well known within the industry
where we we kind of mimic them to like
attack our stuff. So, we'll throw our
stuff in there and give an output like
someone's saying, you know, you're an
idiot and here's why. Um, we do that to
ourselves. We subject ourselves to that.
Um, I don't know. It's it's a it's a
SpaceX style of, you know, only the
paranoid survive. So, it's kind of a
long answer, but I don't know.
Functionally, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Welcome, Brian. How are you doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing great. Big day.
&gt;&gt; Big day. What do you uh when when do you
when do you guys think that it it will
start trading? So, here we are
&gt;&gt; within the next 20 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm thinking might be an hour more.
&gt;&gt; Why you guys think it's uh 20 minutes?
&gt;&gt; Uh because Dan Ives posted something
that said it's soon.
&gt;&gt; Okay. How does he know?
&gt;&gt; I have no idea. He he reposted somebody
else's post. It said the NASDAQ was
close, but that was 13 minutes ago. So,
&gt;&gt; no clue.
&gt;&gt; As I mentioned to Herbert this morning,
the Rivian IPO took three and a half
hours
from market open for the first trade.
So, um
you know, it's you have a heavy heavy
order built. This is what the NASDAQ
does. I think if this is on the New York
Stock Exchange, it would be out rather
soon, but the NASDAQ does this
purposeful matchup. Um, and I think
they're proud of it, so we just wait.
I had a question for Aaron.
&gt;&gt; Yep. What's up?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So um with the um $26 billion of
um yeahropic and Google revenue that um
how much I've been looking at the um GPU
rental market and um the capacity there
like it seems that you know based on
semi analysis saying that you know the
demand is five times more than supply
and the fact that um only about 10
gawatt um out of or you know 10 or less
gigawatts maybe 20 gawatt
is actually being um made in AI data
centers versus a demand that's you know
far higher that that means that um if
SpaceX is to rent out the rest of what
they've already built 550,000 GPUs like
57 GPUs at um the 11 billion um rental
for 110,000 $55 billion so they still
have another you know 30 some 40 some
billion dollars of rental to do and they
can seem like make at least 220,000 more
GPUs, you know, activate them, power
them up every 6 months. That seems like
a huge amount of um ability to to
monetize going forward. And then the
multiplier effect if they get cursor um
composer 2.5 3 working at major levels
that they can multiply that thing which
is why they could cancel is is that if
you started running your 300,000 other
GPUs at you know running with cursor at
enthropic levels of of profitability
then that's where you cancel you can
make even more money. Um, so do have you
been looking at that or or not?
&gt;&gt; A little bit. Um,
we did a little bit on the AI stack
side. So that's kind of the second part
of your question first.
&gt;&gt; Um, and so we know like the shape of it,
but we need to do more. What we what we
did was kind of model it under three
when we were doing our models um was
modeling under three revenue lines.
We've got uh Starlink, AI, compute, and
launch. like it we kept it that simple.
Um because they were kind of the bulk of
everything and AI compute in theory
could have AI apps kind of you you could
argue that that's in there and maybe
it's like a higher margin uh you know on
top of whatever and just gets to add on
top. Um but um really because
the beauty of SpaceX is that there's so
much physical infrastructure that you
can forecast much easier further into
the future. It was something I was
trying to get across today. I'm not sure
I did that well with uh
&gt;&gt; uh the CNBC call, which is like normally
everyone's like, I can't even think
about the future past whatever number of
years. Sometimes that's one, sometimes
it's five, and anything past that is
like I don't care. It doesn't make
sense. The world's totally different.
Well, in a world where you're doing
something, obviously they have to
continue to want to do the thing because
the human nature can change, but or the
human decision factor can change. But as
far as like scaling up like a lot of
this stuff is physics dependent um and
you know just laws of nature kind of
dependent and so you can actually anchor
and have a little bit more certainty.
It's not it's not going to be completely
different. Okay. So with that con
context that's one of the reasons we
like those really focusing on those
markets because then you can like
anything else is a derivative of that
market. In theory the AI apps builds off
of the AI compute market. In theory,
they could use someone else's compute to
to sell an AI app, but that, you know,
that's not really the MMO of uh of
SpaceX. And so really AI app is just a
multiplier on top of that. And it's all
gravy on top of that. One of the reasons
why our numbers are probably more
conservative from like a uh you know, a
revenue value perspective. But again, I
like getting to the point like what what
do we feel is relatively real and then
if there's a bunch of upside on top of
that, it's interesting. The other thing
terrestrial data center the way it came
out in our model because we've done so
much work on orbital data centers and
because we feel the orbital data centers
are likely to be cheaper relatively
quick. Um you basically the model said
I'm not going to be spending money on
terrestrial data centers that much at
least in the grand scheme of all the
revenues. I'm going to spend more money
on the um the orbital data centers first
um you know sooner. So even if there was
might like a little bump or something
earlier on um in the terrestrial side,
it was really like okay now let's plow
as much capital as we can into the
orbital data center side of the side of
the puzzle. I think the terrestrial data
center to your point this is logical not
model driven. Um the terrestrial data
center is probably a very strong bridge.
So like the um again Larry brought this
up. I think it's worth repeating the
concept that uh the the professional
investors are looking at the AI compute
like building Colossus 2 3 4 5 whatever
they're looking at that because it's
something very tangible and close and
that can that can like double the
revenue projected revenue kind of
quickly and that gets them excited right
because it's like these magic you know
magic sprinkle of more revenue that no
one's really you know planning on. So um
now Gwen did say
explicitly in her interview that
&gt;&gt; uh we are not going to basically we're
not going to sacrifice our internal
needs for compute for others. Um
&gt;&gt; I mean that that's I don't think anyone
that's like an everyone's agreeing on
that within the company pretty clearly.
Um so you know you would think that if
they're building anything they're not
just going to sacrifice it for a dollar.
We know that they will sacrif they'll
probably build net new with that with
that intention in mind. Um also the
this is an analysis I have yet to
complete. We started um but we need to
go a little bit deeper is the training
runs that um they're working on with
Grock and writing bypassing jacks to go
straight to the um GPUs. That's really
important for speed of training,
&gt;&gt; right? which also kind of potentially
means you you may have brought this up
right that um they can train on less
they can train faster on their GPUs
because they don't need as many you know
running parallel even big even big
models and then therefore they maybe can
sell more of it
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; more of the extra stuff that they're
building so um
&gt;&gt; those things kind of work together so
anyway these these are more logical
&gt;&gt; anecdotal things not not model driven
But um that's kind of the way we think.
So, so for me some of the like big
potential um which highly predictable
catalyst would be that Reuben chips
comes out and you know you know Ruben
chips are out a bit and you know you
have some racks being built but coming
out in big volume and then XAG gets um a
huge allotment of Ruben chips like
500,000 Ruben chips a million Ruben
chips and they can install them next
year right so that would be at a higher
um margin even you just rented it,
right? Because there's 10x the inference
on Rubman chips, right? So I would think
an easy 2x 3x over B300s, right? And
B300's on um your spot versus reserve
market. Like Amazon
sends out the B300s as high as 18 bucks,
but if you have So there's spot market
where you can be interrupted. There's um
a actual market where you're you're
contracted reserved which is 23% less
than a you know um than with you go to a
contract it drops down. So it goes you
know spot reserve um uh sorry um um the
actual whatever price where you can't be
interrupted which is even higher and
then the contract price which is higher
than spot but you know in between
anyway. So there's that kind of pricing
dynamic which I think could go up to
like a, you know, 30 buck kind of thing
for Rubin. But then if they actually
make um cursor work which they can buy
it cuz my belief that cursor will work
um and and a gro whatever will work is
based on the fact that um windurf was
inferior to cursor and that was broken
up and bought by openai and google where
they each got pieces of it and uh openai
made codeex technically competitive with
um with anthropic using that thing which
to me and all the indication of the LLM
is that if you have the data if you have
the training you will end up with
comparable result right so then if they
have cursor then they have the data they
have the training they get comparable
result and likely in in a few months
especially indicating that cursor 2.5
got better right and then they are uh in
front of onethird of all developers
because they're already using cursor and
just going to claw instead so besides so
I would say that they can make the model
competitive and then they can actually
um compete and rapidly get market share
of one/ird because they already have
one-third the people using it. Right? So
um and then they have sufficient
capacity on inference to run that up to
$50 billion per year, hundred billion
dollars per year at which case they can
then say okay and now I take back this
26 billion and make go that go to that
100 billion. So in that scenario,
um, Reuben has 10x the value for
inference and it's already that goes to
Jensen saying you you spend 50 billion
and then you make it for 300 and you get
three4 $400 billion of intelligence,
right? So that unpacking that statement
means that if you have a Reuben thing
for sure, you can get $400 billion per
year revenue. If I have a gigawatt of
Rubin, would you be 500,000 chips,
right? So um that is an explosive upside
scenario which um is and then if you go
to finemanships after so having that
kind of what is the value of the
inference and if you have fully
monetized then you know that's where
things go really really insane. So
&gt;&gt; any kind of like feedback on that?
&gt;&gt; That's kind of the AI apps layer that I
was like if you can attack the the
application, right? So go straight to
the end user. That's why AI apps are we
call it AI apps. I don't I'm not sure
fact what they're calling that layer in
their in their company.
&gt;&gt; Enterprise AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The enterprise AI. Yes. Right. Um
so if you go to the end customer then it
goes you get to define val like it's
valued defined pricing and so basically
it can be arbitrarily
like it can effectively be an infinite
margin on top right like I know that's
you know a little ridiculous but
&gt;&gt; that that's one of the reasons why we're
like we're still diving into that and
it's like okay that can be really
interesting let's get to like the bare
metal so to speak like the the
infrastructural side and it's like okay
the infrastructural side itself is
interesting. Clearly, there's more on
top of this, but we still need to go a
little bit deeper. But to your point,
yes, what you're seeing is the GPUs uh
are getting more you're getting more
value out of the GPUs and there were
we're still compute constrained, at
least powered on compute constrained and
so people are willing to pay more for
more more out of the more out of these
chips. Um and so like that's the trend
today. Um, and that's part of the reason
like that's that's why they're going
right into the teeth of this thing with
orbital data centers. It's like
&gt;&gt; Elon saw I believe um he saw this. I
mean, I'm sure he saw it way before, but
as far as like the when it was leaked
and kind of obvious to the public, he
saw it a while ago. He said, "Okay,
well, I'm seeing, you know, the the
getting these things turned on." If you
were part of the original kind of XAI
thing that was going, you know, the
original pitches on that, it was really
about, hey, I can just build these
things faster than anyone. And it was
really a hardware play right from the
get-go. Um and so there was intellig
like he clearly had that in in mind
there knew that like the power turn on
was going to happen eventually. Um so
maybe I don't know when these all thing
all these things clicked but it was you
know just putting these on you know one
after a stack in the blocks one after
another uh into something very
interesting and leveraging the the
opportunities that he has internally and
this is the benefit of having such good
manufacturing and infrastructure and
access to things. Um, yeah, physics
advantages.
&gt;&gt; Okay, before we continue this
conversation, we are waiting for SpaceX
to actually go public. It could happen
any minute now. In the meantime, earlier
this morning, SpaceX did celebrate
ringing the bell NASDAQ style. And I do
have a video here of Gwen Trotwell being
interview or doing her speech earlier.
&gt;&gt; Good morning everybody. I am so excited
to be here. Today we make history again.
We have a history of making history.
So I want everyone to know that we did
open this morning in a rather exciting
way. We launched Falcon 9 launched
Starlink satellites to orbit.
&gt;&gt; So what company would do such a thing on
the day that they open in the public
market?
SpaceX would. Right.
I am so proud of this team. Today we're
24, not today. This year we are 24 years
old. Elon founded this company in 2002
initially to build rockets and
spaceships that will take humans to
Mars, the moon, and even beyond. We've
done we've not quite gotten to Mars.
We're almost at the moon. But let's just
quickly run through the amazing things
that you guys have accomplished.
2008, six weeks after a failure of
Flight 3 Falcon 1, we got the first
liquid fueled rocket to orbit from a
private company. Yay. Yay.
By the way, I should have prefaced this
with everyone said we could never get to
orbit. Check. But it was a little
rocket. Then it's everyone said, "Well,
you can't get a real rocket to orbit."
Two years later, we got a real rocket to
orbit. Falcon 9. Oh, well, you'll never
you'll never get to the space station
because that's what we really want to
do, right? We want to take humans
outside the bounds of Earth, but you'll
never get astronauts to the space
station. Check. We did that, too.
Doubters, right? Oh, you'll never fly
Falcon 9 enough. You'll never get to
production. Uh 165 launches last year.
Check.
You'll never build a rocket large enough
to take humans to the moon and Mars. We
build one. We've flown it. And this
year, I believe we'll get to orbit with
that vehicle. And we'll recover the
first the second stage. We've already
recovered the first stage and refflown
it. So, good good on you all for that,
too.
With the merger, the acquisition of XAI,
we now as a group own the largest
coherent gigawatt class compute on the
planet, which will help us truth seek
and understand the universe. So,
congratulations to all of us for that.
So, we're about 22,000 strong. I'm super
proud that over half of us actually
bought additional stock in this opening
totaling almost a billion dollars.
&gt;&gt; So, thank you for that, too.
But really the thank yous go to all of
you for hanging in there for keeping a
straight spine as the doubters doubt to
achieve historic things sometimes every
day multiple times a week. Thank you all
of you for doing this and I hope today
is a day that you feel great about and
that you're celebrating. Take a moment.
Now, the Falcon Recovery Team can't take
a moment today. Um, but everybody else
can, and I hope Falcon Recovery Team
could take a moment a little bit later.
Yeah. And also, thank you to the
families, the the partners, the plus
ones, the children, the brothers, the
sisters, the parents that have lived
through long nights, that have seen
launch failures, that have seen uh AI
compute go down, um that have seen kind
of the trials and tribulations of this
incredibly difficult business. Thank you
so much for hanging in there. I know I
can't do this without my incredible
partner and husband too. Uh and uh I
know you all have been a great source of
support for all the SpaceX team and you
are a huge part of this success too. So
thank you for that.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
So she said something like 50% of SpaceX
employees bought
&gt;&gt; Yeah. more. I think Elon reserved 5% of
shares for executives, employees, and
friends, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is it the uh friends and family or
directed share program she's referring
to?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, they bought more or they were
given more.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And again, she underscored the point
which company would have launched hours
before the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, literally, they launched twice
today.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
Yeah, that's a good point.
&gt;&gt; We're still waiting for
&gt;&gt; And then less than 24 hours ago, they
had the other So, like within I think
about a 12-h hour window, two launches
and then the third launch being this
IPO. So, yeah, they they're that
confident. They they just know it works.
And every time I watch these things, I
am not nervous. Yeah, usually for most
launchers, you're extremely nervous and
whether it's going to get off the pad,
what can go wrong, is there going to be
a delay? They do it every time. They
keep sticking the landings.
They're just competent through and
through.
&gt;&gt; We are expecting it to be uh opening at
175 is the latest numbers people are
throwing around out there.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But we don't have a time of when
it will probably go. We just now have a
number.
&gt;&gt; Well, we don't know if it's 175. That's
just the That's a rumor number, right?
The whisper number, I guess. I don't
know what you call it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Dr. John Gibbs.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that was fast.
&gt;&gt; Tell us what's going on.
&gt;&gt; Hey, what's up? Hey, Scott. How Hey,
everybody else.
&gt;&gt; Hey, John. Good.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; Good. What?
&gt;&gt; John was John was commiserating last
night with me that he wasn't here as I
was like a avoiding the uh
&gt;&gt; you know the pandemonium down here of
all sorts of stuff because the World
Cup's in town. you know, you've got
everyone out there kicking soccer balls
around, doing this and that, showing off
their footwork and all their skills. So,
that's that's rather interesting.
Another thing is like John and I, we
were kind of talking this morning
looking at what allocations. I think I
ended up with 6% of what I asked for so
far. John, you hit what 28%. You think?
&gt;&gt; I got 28%. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, it could
change. Maybe it depends upon the
platform, everything else that's going
on. So, I'm not sure exactly what's
going on in the back room.
&gt;&gt; Family members got in from Fidelity
60%.
&gt;&gt; Whoa. Wow.
&gt;&gt; 60 60%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It see I'm wondering if if if the
smaller the ask, the higher the
percentage. Probably if you ask for one,
you definitely get it. 100%.
&gt;&gt; Did you ask for too much? And and and I
wonder if it goes the opposite way. You
know, almost like Oliver Twist, you
know, sir, I want another bowl.
&gt;&gt; Well, Scott, you'll be happy to know
that what I did was I took a little of
the extra cash that I wasn't using to
buy the SpaceX shares and put it for
bot. So, that is my personal thing. I
know you have your compliance officers
and stuff, so you don't have to say a
word about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm just tell personally did NFA,
however, a piece of history that exactly
one month and one day ago, the NASDAQ
Tower had the bot listing up there. So,
uh, yeah, it was on the 11th. Today's
the 12th. So, we've been listed for a
month now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you you beat SpaceX. There you
go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In a way, let let's
say their listing process was a lot
smoother and a lot quicker than ours.
Uh, and and as some some of you might
know, my my new job title is um robotics
research diligence director. And I'll
let the panel kind of figure out what
that means. But in the meantime, I'll
give a little bit of a hint. If you can
see my socks right now, I mean, we are
in Time Square, so you have to be a
little bit quirky. Uh, does that give
you a hint?
&gt;&gt; R2-D2. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. R2-D2. So, I I had to
dress up appropriately for that. So,
yeah.
So yeah, waiting with anticipation. So
in a sense, I've been through what an
IPO is like and yeah, we had to wait a
while before the first trades hit. And
when they hit it got choppy and then
they had because of volatility, they
would stop, they do a timeout for 5
minutes, they would try again. It would
be choppy and then it took about a
couple hours for that to finally
stabilize and going. I don't know if
it's going to be the same thing with
with SpaceX. You would assume with a
huge float and everything else and with
all eyes on there that once they open it
start to trade smoothly, but you never
know. It could get also choppy and you
might see uh halts here and there, here
and there, and then when finally the
order book gets cleared, then the waters
won't be so choppy.
&gt;&gt; Wow, this I'm sorry, I'm just looking at
my entire portfolio. It's been it has
been so volatile in the stock market
today overall. For a while it was
everything was just totally red and now
it's green again. I'm like I have no
idea what's going on.
&gt;&gt; Well, what it might be is like the
redness may have been some people trying
to get the cash that they needed to buy
the shares.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then when they saw they weren't
getting an allocation, they're saying
what I need to deploy this cash again.
So maybe like it's going in and that's
kind of causing everything to go up. So
again, I I was speculating on Friday
that the dip had something to do with
everyone making sure they they had cash
in their account because if you didn't
have cash in the account, you were not
going to get an allocation. Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; So uh and so and it turns out that
people who are much smarter than I on
this, they were like, "Oh yeah, that
absolutely is." You know, and it could
have been a variety of events and then
everyone's just waiting for the, you
know, the straw that breaks the camel's
back. That's the excuse. everyone can
says, "Hey, let's take the cream off the
top." Whatever. Get them kind of in
there. Let the market do its reset or
whatever it's supposed to be. And then,
you know, it starts ripping again a week
or two later.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. And uh I the reason I was a
little late to the party here was
because I was actually doing a video. I
wrote most of it last night, but I had
to wait until some of the data came in
this morning. So anyway, so I I was
actually um the the thesis and and sorry
if I missed this if you guys already
talked about it, but the thesis that I
was putting forward is that basically
SpaceX, they're not even close to a
rocket company anymore. They're they're
much more the I I'm calling them the
combination of AWS and Nvidia. Like
they're they're making the
infrastructure now. And that's going to
be both on Earth and orbital as well. So
um that's the that's the super
compressed version of it. And I make
hopefully a reasonable case for that. Um
because you know the 1.8
&gt;&gt; You mean the distilled version, John?
The distilled version or Yeah.
&gt;&gt; try to trade the smart guy and put him
into the the more dumb guy. So I'm
distilling that information. So yeah,
but anyway, but it's um I think you know
a lot of people are just bing at the
number. They're just like this this is a
crazy number. But um I'm sure Brian and
and other the other folks here have have
discussed why that's not such an
outrageous valuation at this point. that
&gt;&gt; yeah, let's do a time capsule. I
remember when Microsoft went out in the
1980s and it was like 680 million and we
all thought that was nutty because it
was so close to a billion and its
valuation was kind of up there with GM
and it's like oh that's nuts. I wouldn't
you know so you don't buy anything IPO
because you you believe that you know a
million dollars is a lot of money. 680
is is a lot.
&gt;&gt; And then later on, you get these IPOs
that are like a billion or a couple
billion. And again, you say, "Oh,
there's no way I'm going to see any
growth in here because in order for them
to 10x or 100x, the numbers are just
nutty. You just you just can't get
there." And of course, everyone sees it
go up 50% and they get out because they
think they're they got to be at the top.
And if you're just patient and wait. And
so it said the same thing right now. The
idea of like Google and Facebook when
they IPOed ever hitting a trillion was
total nuts. That would never happen,
&gt;&gt; you know. And and and when they hit
that, they will never get bigger than
that. And now we've got not only one but
multiple and companies that are two,
three trillion.
&gt;&gt; So you you have to kind of keep on
readjusting your point of view. Yes. A10
trillion dollar company, a hundred
trillion dollar company seems absolute
bonkers. But you got to kind of look at
the time scale. It's not going to happen
tomorrow, you know, but it could happen
in a decade, you know, because if you
just kind of look historically what that
happens, you have to be patient. Again,
not financial advice, but if you kind of
go back in time, you realize every time
you believe these num these valuations
were nuts, you go back to it and go,
"Man, I should have gone in if I had put
10,000 in Microsoft back in what when it
went out in ' 86 or ' 87." Uh, yeah, I I
wouldn't be here, Herbert. I'd be doing
something else.
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna play the I'll play the other
side of that, Scott, because uh the
frenzy for SpaceX is absolutely through
the roof. is probably the most uh
soughtafter stock. Whenever you have
your hairdresser telling you, I'm going
to buy SpaceX IPO and you got to you got
to pause and go ah maybe it might be
&gt;&gt; and the thing to remember all all those
stocks also went down from their IPO.
&gt;&gt; So a lot of them they were kind of a
nutty opening. they went down and then
everyone said, "Ah, see, they were
overvalued and then you ignored them and
you came back a couple years later and
like, whoa, wait a minute, what
happened? I I missed that." So, everyone
has to evaluate it on whether they're
comfortable with evaluation. It seems
absolutely insane. Um, it's up to you.
Again, do your own research, not
financial advice.
&gt;&gt; So, my true um that's true. I I you
remember when Meta, also known as
Facebook back then, went out at 17. It
priced at 17, went out at the first
trade was at $40 a share. I bought it at
$40 a share and then it traded down to
went back to $17 a share and I think it
sat there for a year and now it's $560 a
share.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I never I never sold it because I
was kind of pissed that I bought it at
such an inflated price on the
&gt;&gt; Absolutely true. I I put a market order
in and I thought I would
&gt;&gt; get uh you know get it hit much closer
to uh and it opened at 40 so that's what
I bought it at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I I have the argument that we can hit
100 trillion on SpaceX by 2030.
&gt;&gt; By 2030.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
So here's I I make that case.
&gt;&gt; So that's uh 50x,
&gt;&gt; right? Right. So so basically I say that
there's a bunch of things that have
already happened, right? Which is five
months ago anthropic went vertical,
right? Where they have, you know, over
the last five months they've 12xed the
revenue more. They've gone from, you
know, like 8 billion up to to 50 billion
or whatever. And so they have pricing
power. Everyone says they've just had a
bit more compute. they can go to 200
billion,500 billion dollars of of
revenue, right? So that you know and
people are trading on um
micron
u all these other things based on these
shortages and stuff like that toward
that level, right? And all the research
from semi- analysis all says the demand
is all real, right? And then that before
Reuben chips come out, ruben chips are
made, they're coming out 10 times the
inference, right? So for me on the
capacity side
they have XAI has built assuming the
550,000 chips are in Colossus 2 and
running. They have 64 billion that they
could rent out right now. They said,
"Okay, we're canning this other stuff
for now. We're going to just do all
rental." 654 billion, which is they
already are at number two in AI cloud
rental.
Am uh Microsoft is number one at 37
billion where they have all their open
AI and maybe they relabeled Azier as all
you all that cloud is AI cloud, right?
And then Amazon has $15 billion of ARR
on AI cloud. So the 25 billion $26
billion that um XAI has is already
nearly double Amazon ARR at the number
two AI cloud provider, right? So, I
don't know why they don't beat the drum
that, hey, we're the number two AI cloud
provider already and we can be number
one if we wanted to, if we want to blow
up this other capacity because they
could go to 5060 billion of ARR on that
and and push aside Microsoft is number
one, right? And they can build in one
year and this is on epic AI. They can
build in one year what other people have
taken four on average, right? So if it
takes four years to get your your thing,
you know, they could have dominant
market share 80% 100% of Reuben AI data
center before anyone. So it's like I
have 10 20% of this market, you know,
like if you separate out the H100, B200,
B300 and Reuben markets, right? Then by
being first with Reuben at scale, they
could have for a year, two years, three
years, 100% of the Reubin market or 80%
or something, some some huge insane
number. So that level of domination is
something that I hear no narrative
about. And I only hear the thing about
the thing they've already achieved,
which is they're number two in AI cloud.
And they only talk about I think XA was
a bad deal. It's like, are you freaking
insane? you know, they're they're
they're already profitable now because
of the $26 billion and it's, you know,
high margin and they're winning on AI
cloud. So on the terrestrial ground and
they have access to all the distributed
well will have all the access to
distributed compute when they work with
Tesla on distributed compute for
superchargers, power walls and cars,
right? They monetize that.
&gt;&gt; They put the Brian where do you think
they put the data center?
So, uh, which one? The ground one.
&gt;&gt; Any groundbased data center. Next,
&gt;&gt; they have a third location, macro
harder, which I think is in I'm not sure
if in Mississippi or or Tennessee. I
think it's in that area of Tennessee,
Mississippi. They have a third location
which um supposedly can go to 2
gigawatts. They have the orders, you
know, 2.53 billion dollars of mobile
natural gas turbines to power. So they
have a gigawatt on order, which is huge
because
&gt;&gt; that's the key.
&gt;&gt; Everyone else is lining up four or five
years to get it.
&gt;&gt; They have the power. They have the land.
They prep the land for the third data
center
&gt;&gt; and they're going to put in Ruben chips
into that data center.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's not the it's not the
building and it's not the chips, it's
the power,
&gt;&gt; right? And Yeah. So they have on order,
you know, I think they have a chunk of
um the Caterpillar guys that make the
mobile turbines.
&gt;&gt; Any any idea how how soon that order
gets fulfilled?
&gt;&gt; I'm thinking it's happening, you know,
next year. Like if you could do
anything, you would want to make like at
least a billion bucks of it. You know,
they had to have had the 2.5 2.8 billion
of order for a few years. It's for the
next three years or something like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So you would want to get um you
know however many turbines they can
make. Right. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean power is the power is the
limiting factor clearly.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and that's where Elon has the
master ability to like I buy a used um
Electrolux factory and then I pop in,
you know, a bunch of chips and I have a
bunch of mobile turbines to do it and
then they they can switch out um like if
um the utility switches over and
converts their mobile ones that are at
Colossus 2 to uh grid power. they can
then move mobile uh turbines over to um
the the third location, right? And then
&gt;&gt; I don't know if but I think it'd be very
difficult to get grid power there,
right?
&gt;&gt; They they have that on order like the
the the grid power is is supposedly
being spun up by the Tennessee Valley
Authority, right? And the other thing is
that the the grid power is easier for
XAI and SpaceX because of the um the
mega packs and the solar that they'll
have where it's like everyone else says
you must give me SLA 99.9% uptime.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, they get the
&gt;&gt; they can say they get the buffer and
saying you can cut me out for um the the
6:00 to 9:00 p.m. Give me nothing 6:00
to 9:00 p.m.
&gt;&gt; hours
&gt;&gt; air conditioner hours. I will do that.
So they say, "Okay, we'll do you faster
and and we'll charge you less because I
don't have to give you what I'm short
of, which is the peak power.
&gt;&gt; I'm just giving you
&gt;&gt; That's a pretty good point actually.
It's an important point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and the more solar and battery
they do, the easier it is for them to
take the the messy sloppy power to to
which is more available and cheaper.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
No, that's a good point because that's
that you're basically saying that that
if you were a customer looking for grid
interconnect, you would more likely get
it if you were willing to accept more
variance on that and therefore they can
do it with mega pack and and solar then
therefore only offsets that further,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Like giving them more flexibility
because they can run solar into mega
pack and even have more um grid outage
moments. And then the Mega Bloks with
transformers, mid-Voltage transformers
on them, which they say they can install
like 10 times faster. Now I and they say
they can do like a gigawatt in in like
um 30 days or 60 days or something like
that.
&gt;&gt; I can have a full mega block setup of at
a gigawatt and I backed up my whole
thing, right? And I have I can and I'm
not short on the transformers. So I'm
not short on transformers. I'm not short
on on batteries, not short on solar. I
can I'm not short on the the natural gas
because they have that um lined up. So
they have these inherent advantages to
keep going at I can build it in a year,
right? and and then they h if they get
like I said just to Reuben like if I
think like if we didn't talk about the
SpaceX uh AI data center part of it and
just said let's look on the ground to
say they build it in a year and they can
still add another gigawatt 2 gigawatts
per year that alone you know run the
numbers on that with Reuben right is
just insane
&gt;&gt; easily I think hundred billion dollars
you know plus on that right each here
$100 billion here. So I go from $60
billion capacity, add another 100
billion, add another 100 billion, and if
I can monetize the app side of it with
with the with cursor, then it goes to
300 400 billion.
And and they can also do this
distributed power thing. And I think and
Steve Mark talked about too that if
you're the fastest, then they become the
builder too. they be they take over the
Oracle Dell business of building it
because they are faster. So then the
capitalization capex
comes in where it's like you want to
rent it, pay upfront for me to build it
and then I'll rent it to you.
&gt;&gt; Right? So then that speeds up the engine
for which they can do it and they can
then also shell and um build out all the
superchargers locations which has 7
gawatt now you know lying around.
There's one gigawatt lying in the cars
and then that will go up higher too. So
that goes to the um Tesla SpaceX
partnership on energy and power, right?
So um so without going into
magic
just if they can start making 4 gawatts
per year of data center on Earth at at
the the location they already own and at
the um um the new buy a couple of new
locations, right? and tap into more
natural gas power and and other things
and and tap into the the battery and
other stuff. At 4 gigawatts per year,
it's pretty much, you know, game over in
terms of like, you know, them winning,
right? Like they'll they'll be adding,
you know, 40% or if if we're able to add
10 gigawatts per year for everyone else.
If everyone still has problems and we're
only at five six gigawatts per year,
then they going to 4 gigawatts a year.
their 50% of all new power and and again
the faster ones of having the newer
chips being more valuable they're able
to pop those in and getting the
allocation from Nvidia uh would be huge.
So, so Brian, can I can I uh break in
and ask you because one of the things
that's really intriguing to me is to
some extent AI5, but more AI6, which is
a Tesla developed chip, but clearly
there's no question that the the orbital
data centers at the very least are going
to be using some sort of space hardened
uh AI6 chip because Elon's basically
said that uh and he's been saying some
pretty nice things about AI6 recently.
So, I know this is a little bit further
in the future. It's not immediate, but
um what what's your sort of thought on
that? Because number one, it's a
different company, but clearly
they're designing this together to be
used by SpaceX in orbital centers and
potentially AI5 and AI6 to be used uh I
I've heard Elon talk about that as well
in their Earthly terrestrial data
centers as well, potentially with the
next version that's coming out soon. So,
so what AI5 chip does is it drops what
they the $50 billion per gigawatt build
drops down to $10 billion.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; So now they can build five times as much
data center for the same capex.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So they obviously would want to switch
over to that as soon as possible
&gt;&gt; for the AI data in space. I believe they
cannibalize the what was going to be
their plan V3. if they were planning to
put 5,000 10,000 V3 satellites up next
year with 100 launches or or 200
launches. Elon saying on that interview
two days ago, three days ago with the
SpaceX people that they will go for one
gigawatt next year, the 133 launches,
you know, Eron and I know they were
they're tough to get to 133 launches,
but they would need to do at 70 at seven
megawws per launch. So, I think that
that means that they're only going to do
20 to 40 launches for um V3 highsp
speeded internet and for DTC next year
because they're going to load up on
because they're going to go what's the
minimum I can do to still meet my growth
demands for a high speed internet and
for direct to cell phone and then I'm
going to load into AI because the AI
thing is cheaper. I'm going to shift
over this production
&gt;&gt; because all you got to do is add more
solar onto it, take out the the uh
communications part and then go into
AI5. So, um trying to get as much launch
as possible. If they can get to 100
launches, 150 launches, 80% 70% of that
is going to be AI,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then they also don't have to do the
20ome launches for the NASA Artemis
mission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
was like, "Hey, I needed to do 20
launches to do Artemis." So that goes
away. So then what to launch?
He said he's going to launch Reuben and
other stuff. So they're going to launch
unmodified chips into space in the first
gigawatt.
&gt;&gt; I don't think they have a um a high
temperature chip ready to go,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um if they do, then they launch that,
but I don't think it's going to be
hardening. I think they'll go to triple
redundancy on the memory
&gt;&gt; and they will do software um managing
the the the errors
&gt;&gt; and they just say we're just going to go
because
&gt;&gt; they can get you know 20 twice triple
the efficiency if they go to a
temperature higher temperature resistant
chip. Um maybe they Nvidia can make a
adjusted Reuben that has the temperature
because they have the six-month
iteration time, right? But if they
aren't ready, they will launch
regardless.
&gt;&gt; It sounds like to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that makes sense in the near term. I
guess I was thinking a couple of years
further out because and and even in the
ter terrestrial data centers, I think
it's fairly clear that it's going to be
a hybrid sort of system. They won't
completely well they may fill one data
center with AI5 chips for example but
they'll have the Reuben chips they'll
have the Grace Blackwell chips for the
more demanding um needs the the AI5 if
you say hey you know write me a bedtime
story for my kid that's an AI5 thing
right you just fire it off it does it
does the simple stuff the simple
inference and you leave the really hard
thinking to the the bigger beasts but
that overall reduces as you were saying
it it reduces the cost of building these
of running these data centers building
these data centers by massive massive
amounts
&gt;&gt; and the question is how many of of the
various chips you know right Nvidia's
whatever if no how many of them are
sticking sitting in warehouses now
&gt;&gt; where the the the
&gt;&gt; the backlog delayed projects aren't
going
&gt;&gt; because then it's like
&gt;&gt; if that's if that's going to sit there
for a year
&gt;&gt; I want to get it to you to launch it
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; because then even if it's not working
ideally it's at least powered and and
doing something
&gt;&gt; right Right? So then they they're
willing to to ignore effice because
either I have nothing working because I
got no power,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Or I have power but it's in space and
things have more errors but I don't care
because at least it's working,
&gt;&gt; right? And that's another place where
AI5 also comes in is the just the power
aspect because it's built as a portable
chip. So as opposed to these honken GPUs
that just suck down power like crazy,
these other ones sip power so that you
can also reduce the power needs for your
data center which is a massive as Phil
and you were talking about previously.
You know that's a that's a huge thing.
Power is ultimately the choke the choke
point for all of this stuff.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Yeah. So, you know, I've
run the numbers and, you know, um been
on Herbert's channel and done several
other videos showing where I've, you
know, been willing to go out there to
put out here's what I think
revenue-wise, here's what I think net
income wise, and that even without um
major space AI just with a solid um on
the ground program,
&gt;&gt; right? Um I I am anticipating some you
know working with um Tesla on the
distributed AI that you can get to a
trillion dollars of profit. You get to $
1.52 trillion of revenue uh in 2029 you
go to like if I ran the numbers where
Elon because he was complaining about
Aaron not you know being conservative in
their goals. I said well if they kind of
hit their goals they go to like $7
trillion in 2029 right? So that is more
revenue than the top 20 companies
combined. And then the top 20 companies
combined have $1.2 trillion of IBITDA.
If you have 70% on on your margin, you
know, it's 30%, you know, expenses,
you're at like $4 trillion of EBITDA. So
even dialing that back to 1.52
which you know you're getting from $200
billion of um of uh Starlink highspeed
internet $200 billion of uh um of uh
direct to cell phone and then this
massive amount of Reuben based data
center like basically if I have like um
15 gawatts of of of Reuben data center I
have my 1.5 trillion right there. Um,
and so that's kind of add the next few
years is is the thing. And I I'm saying
at least one or two gigawatts per year
based on the old run rate and with more
capital going up to four is very doable.
Um, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Are you going to move your numbers?
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, we got we've got we've got
look looking to do. I would say that
we've definitely been conservative on
our AI SATs number.
Uh like like we're suggesting it's like
five to six million per satellite.
&gt;&gt; Um which is like a lot more than
Starlink. Now there's like a 100
different variables in there. So like
it's a little too complex to to say
exactly what that would need to be. Um
but we know that that's conservative a
conservative one. Um the terrestrial we
have not like really pushed hard because
quite frankly like it just it all starts
moving pretty quickly to to the orbital
side. Um so really just depends on how
fast they can get things up and um
we'll see we'll see we'll see where the
terrestrial compute lands and if they're
really capacity constrained then they
can kind of charge whatever they want.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the great news is they've
proven track record of building it and
very very separate team that knows how
to do that.
So I mean by combining what they did
with XAI into SpaceX, you know, people
forget that that's a very separate
effort and team that uh really learn how
to speedrun that data center build out
early cycle. Um
so that's uh I think that's quite quite
special actually.
And I don't know if it's indicative of
this, but um you know they they're
hiring their own veins and blades people
to for turbine stuff. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I mean it's it's funny because
they're going to compete with themselves
for where they put compute and I mean we
know the big opportunity is the orbital
data center for sure. uh and if they get
if they compress the other elements of
their business, you know, specifically
Starship launch vehicle,
uh because I think that the the rest of
the stuff within the the satellite realm
is is more containable. It's more, you
know, it's like the big risk is getting
it into space. I think they know how to
build satellites. I know I think they
know how to tune Nvidia shortterm before
they get to their AI X buildouts for
space. So, they'll be be they'll be able
to do that once they get Starship. But
then the good news is they've got this
ground component that they can play. Uh,
and at some point that'll end up being
noise, which is such an extraordinary
thing if you think about it. It's it's
amazing to think that everything Brian
just talked about that is this ground
game, which is huge,
ends up being noise.
Yep. And
&gt;&gt; so the latest data, I don't know how
accurate this is, but it's sounding like
the opening could it fell all the way
from 170 earlier today to maybe now 160,
155,
but yet we do not know when this is
going to open. There's uh some reports
it could still be an hour. Um don't
know. Yeah, I just I just asked Gemini
that question and it said uh between
11:30, which is already past Eastern
time, and two o'clock. So, that's a
pretty big window. So, yeah,
&gt;&gt; between between now and the time the
market closes.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Sometime between now and in the
death the heat death of the universe, it
will happen. So, there we go.
&gt;&gt; Pretty accurate. There are two sources
that seem to know what they're like, you
know,
&gt;&gt; that try to check, you know, the
backgrounds rather than just repeat
stuff and they were they were saying
like, you know, much sooner like like
before 12. So
&gt;&gt; at the 150 155 158 price. So that seems
like what I would expect. Um
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So So what do you So let me ask this
question. just just speculation of
course. Uh obviously it's it sounds like
it's going to open higher than 135. Is
it going to immediately climb or
immediately dip for a while? I expect
the first day to be insane.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I think the answer is that
NASDAQ is trying very very hard to find
that price equilibrium such that
&gt;&gt; it's aggressive and it moves up because
that's what you want.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't want it to immediately.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I mean, that's what we that's
what we had at uh at Rivian. We it
priced at 78. It opened at 106. It
traveled up to 125.
I think by the end of the day, it closed
at 104.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So, the whole point of this exercise
that we're waiting on is to kind of get
in that sweet spot of between opening
and some higher price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so it looks like it is the
success that it is, you know. I think
that's
&gt;&gt; the point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, wait. Uh, Morgan Brennan, right?
Uh, CNBC, I think she just said that it
might open in the next 15 minutes for
trading. So, could she know something
better? She's saying 155.
&gt;&gt; Uh, she's the one I was referring to,
one of the sources. Um,
yeah, it it's kind of her job to double
check it. I think they said that came
from NASDAQ and then Sawyer Merritt also
said something very close to that. So, I
think
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; seems to be the right triangulation. I
don't we'll see. I'm I'm refreshing.
&gt;&gt; Got it from her, right?
&gt;&gt; I think they were right within the same
minute and I think his might have been
actually sooner. So, you might be
pulling it from like a NAS directly
NASDAQ source. Um,
&gt;&gt; he's pretty he's pretty good.
&gt;&gt; But, uh, she would have to check, right?
Like that's because she's got the, you
know,
&gt;&gt; in theory. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; in theory. Uh, yeah. So, we'll see.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Just sit and watch the uh
Yahoo Finance.
What is that? Uh,
&gt;&gt; there we go.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I guess it just opened.
&gt;&gt; It literally just opened.
150.
&gt;&gt; I was sitting there going like, wait,
that doesn't make any sense. That that
&gt;&gt; All right, here we are. It's 150.
&gt;&gt; Let's take a look how accurate this is.
It up $15.
&gt;&gt; And then uh we'll see what happens.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that means my limit order probably
triggered, too. Excellent.
&gt;&gt; No, it probably didn't, actually. I I
have a limit order higher than 150.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it hasn't triggered.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Oh, no. Mine did. I actually
got it. I I see my shares is actually
higher than so mine mine
&gt;&gt; What did you set it at, John?
&gt;&gt; I set it at 155. Uh just
&gt;&gt; I set it at 155 and it hasn't hit.
&gt;&gt; Really? That's interesting because mine
did. So
&gt;&gt; it just hit.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So all this stuff is very I
it hit and it filled at 150.
&gt;&gt; So I set the I set the limit for 155 and
it and it filled at 150.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. That's So that's must have
been the initial offering. They must
have deter because that's just too uh
too much of a whole number there.
&gt;&gt; I think the order actually was was
filled and you know it was just a matter
of clearing it back to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's great though.
So anyway, so that's a few more shares.
Um
&gt;&gt; so here we go.
&gt;&gt; And do you know do you know that my my
I have 420 as the gain.
&gt;&gt; If it was 42069 it would be perfect. So
&gt;&gt; that's very funny.
&gt;&gt; Oh well. Well, anyway, so
&gt;&gt; super interesting. It's it's it's off
and running. Here we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me uh So, I guess there's not
even enough information to have the
ticker running at this point.
&gt;&gt; Uh ticker ticker for me is running and
it's
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it is sloppy. It's It's ugly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; my uh I I also had the same thing
happen. Uh Phil, I did get mine cleared
as well.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I actually have two, weirdly enough. I
have two and the smaller one cleared.
lower price cleared and the higher one
hasn't cleared yet.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; so I'm seeing 158 on the thicker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 7774.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Can we just stop and appreciate how
beautiful it is to see SPCX
ticker?
&gt;&gt; This is insane. But also the fact that
it's like what at 150? That's pretty
close to $2 trillion, right? I don't I
don't have a calculator out, but it
that's a lot of money the valuation for
the company. That's just a nutty kind of
&gt;&gt; nutty kind of valuation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's
&gt;&gt; I'm looking at like 158 right now. I
think Yahoo Finance is a bit delay.
&gt;&gt; What's um
what a cool day, huh?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What What's the What's the record
for an IPO previous to this? Like for
the like the initial cap? Uh, you mean a
appreciation off the
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I mean like the initial IPO
because I mean like obviously $1.8
trillion dollars was bigger than
anything else. What's the previous
&gt;&gt; um that was Saudi Ramco was it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Was that about how was it close to
a trillion or
&gt;&gt; it it was um in the range of two
trillion I think.
&gt;&gt; Oh it was so it was actually larger than
this. Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it raised 20. No
&gt;&gt; no you're you're you're you're right but
it's I don't think it was larger. Right.
Let's see.
&gt;&gt; No, the IPO was only for 29 billion. Um,
it was valued at 1.7 during the IPO and
then it
traded up to 1.88 trillion. So, so now
we're at 2.06.
&gt;&gt; So, now we're at the biggest um, you
know,
&gt;&gt; we're bigger because we're we're at 161
and change.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, it's going up so fast. I
can't even refresh fast enough to keep
up with it.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. What What's going up? How's it
going up so fast? It's now 160. Yeah,
that's
&gt;&gt; fantastic. I mean, that's marvelous.
That's Wow. Up 23 17.616%.
Damn. Or 18.93. I'm sorry. Mine's not
even refreshing fast enough here. So,
that is nutty. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's f it's, you know,
bumping around. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it'll probably do that in theory. Uh, I
think it's kind of it's going to have to
kind of settle and uh, we'll see where
it settles. And I think I think like the
ideal situation is that this is just
like a a modest um, you know, bump and
stable,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I think that's the ideal situation for
everyone involved. You don't really want
these wild shots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If it if it closed today at 160,
who cares? That's good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think the only thing
they really don't want with it being a
Friday and all is for it to close under
135. That would be very very bad look
for them. But as long as it Yeah, as
long as it for all of us, too. But as
long as it closes above 135, man, there
are a bunch of people that have worked
at SpaceX for years that are suddenly
extremely wealthy people right now. So,
no longer just on paper.
&gt;&gt; They deserve it because they're the
people that are going to make us wealthy
people.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not I'm not
complaining.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's how that's how I would
think about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Phil, what was your uh forecast earlier?
You said you had posted this yesterday.
What you thought 20% 10% 20%.
&gt;&gt; I said it would open at 167.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I said it would have an intraday high of
194. How about that?
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And I said it would close at 173. So,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I can live with it.
&gt;&gt; I mean, we're still uh you know, they
did a good They did a decent job. I
mean, it's what, two hours late? two and
a half hours late, but that's fair. That
was what we expected. It's certainly
before 12:00 noon Eastern.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, totally cool.
&gt;&gt; And then as long as we still have what,
three hours?
&gt;&gt; Uh 4 and a half, right? Isn't it 4:30
&gt;&gt; or was it 4:00?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. 4 hours. 4 and a
half.
&gt;&gt; So, it's got plenty.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
So the interesting thing will be to see
what happens over the weekend also
because all the uh after hours trading
that uh this kind of secondary market
and see if
&gt;&gt; I think it's kind of crazy to do the IPO
on a Friday but
&gt;&gt; I know that's what I thought too. I
don't know. I I was about to research
that before we started like how many
IPOs are Friday
but
you know maybe it's better. I don't
know. makes everybody if it if it
finishes strong, it makes everybody kind
of, you know, take that take that
breath.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, uh Gwen Shotwell's
announcement this morning, the fact that
they launched a Falcon this morning, the
confidence that they have to do that
within hours before their IPO, that's
pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; It's like as if an airline company went
public and they just decided to do a
flight during the day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's that's what I'm
saying. It's like it's a vote of
confidence. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's I literally posted that. I think
it's inc it's incredible actually. Makes
it makes it feel like it's their
business or something,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It just makes everybody else look like
complete like it's like come on guys,
how come you can't do this?
&gt;&gt; So, but I think I think the important
part wow 164 now. Uh I think the
important part is to remember that you
know rockets have now become sort of the
base layer. They're like stacking things
on top of the rockets. They've they've
become so much more than just that. Just
the launch service. It's very impressive
the vision and the mission statement is
nuts. I remember when Starling started
and thinking, you know, how nuts is this
because of the number of satellites
necessary to make that, you know, you
had to pass that kind of critical
infrastructure number
&gt;&gt; to get to the point where you had
coverage. And to think that that was
actually going to happen,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; back in the day seemed incredibly
implausible implausible.
&gt;&gt; The the technology seemed incredibly
impausible. It was just like, what?
There's no way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's it's insane tech, but
the idea that you're going to have that
many satellites to service it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I couldn't even I couldn't even come to
terms with that. And I thought that
that's a fantasy,
&gt;&gt; you know. And and the way I see it now
is
&gt;&gt; this is how earthlings will get internet
in the future. I mean, it will far
exceed terrestrial buildout of of of
cell in the future for sure. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah, it's quite quite
extraordinary.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, and let's not forget about the
fact that the you know the new
satellites have got direct communication
with the old phone. So um
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; that's going to really increase the
number of potential users.
&gt;&gt; It's Oh, absolutely. It's incredible. I
mean it's like my my brother is in the
middle of nowhere in Idaho uh kayaking
on some river and he's got his Apple
phone with satellite in theory satellite
communication,
&gt;&gt; right? Right. It's it's basically
borderline pathetic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's nonfunctioning. You know, it it I
got one or two messages out and back
from him and uh and one of his messages
is says this is quite pathetic. So
&gt;&gt; that's not a good message to have.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, and I I was thinking
right before he left where I was
actually talking to him saying, you
know, just think about what this means.
And I told him, uh, I was with him right
before he left and I said, you know, do
you want to take my Starlink Mini with
you? And he said, actually, I don't
because part of the whole beauty of this
trip is that we're off- grid.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So, he doesn't really want
that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't want to be on Instagram in
the middle of nowhere. On the on the
other hand, I am um for the first time
ever, I somehow got tucked into a cruise
and I am s like seriously considering
taking my Mini with me. In fact, I think
I will and see if I can stick it out on
the balcony and c catch some internet.
&gt;&gt; By the way, that is how your cruise ship
is connected to the rest of the world
today with commercial Starling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but they just charge you like 65
$70 a day.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't know. I'm not going to take a
cruise. No, I I this is not something
that I wanted to do, but I'm just
saying. But I was like I was like,
they're going to charge me 65 bucks a
day for internet. I'm like, is that what
it is?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's insane. It's absolutely
crazy numbers. So, yeah,
&gt;&gt; that is insane.
&gt;&gt; I'm like, wait, I got a Starlink mini
dish. I got a battery if I need the
battery.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was all you eat. I thought
it was an all you eat buffet on those
cruises.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They're they they are like
what do they call the premium model? Not
it's not even premium but you know it's
like you come in at this price and then
every single thing you do just keeps
raising the price and raising the price.
So by the way I just I want to make a
note of this that we are actually seeing
the beginning of this ticker that is
going to go on for years and years.
Right. We're seeing the little D.
&gt;&gt; No it won't.
&gt;&gt; No we won't.
&gt;&gt; I think it will this ticker will go
away.
First quarter next year it'll be changed
to X.
&gt;&gt; Oh no no no. I mean I just mean the fact
that the little that we're seeing the
little squiggle. They may change their
name, but yeah, that's true.
&gt;&gt; SB SBCX is going to change X when they
purchase Tesla is my get my prediction.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, it does make a lot of sense.
&gt;&gt; I was thinking about this earlier
though, but if you have an incredible
brand name like Tesla, then you have an
well, you know, you got the two sides
there, then you got SpaceX, which has an
incredible brand name, would you now get
rid of those two and switch to X, which
has no brand name?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Elon has done it with Twitter. He got
rid of Twitter.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
But uh I you know the X symbol on NASDAQ
is still available and we don't know who
bought it and we think that it's it's
Elon has sitting on it
&gt;&gt; almost certainly. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But the what I think they should change
their their ticker symbol to C H O A M
because I I mean that's what they're
trying to do anyway. And that's just a
nice little for those people who are
Dune fans. So
&gt;&gt; yes. Okay. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, whatever.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. I I get you. No, I I I
totally follow you. I thank you
everybody. I think we'll uh shut it down
today. That was fun. We wait until it
went public. And I appreciate everybody
here. Aaron, Brian Wang, Phil Belle, and
of course, John Gibbs. Thanks everybody.
Bye. Good day. Byebye. Bye.
&gt;&gt; Thanks guys. Bye. Bye.