Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Could Start A 60 Day Bull Run
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rvu2rXEAJI
Published:   2026-05-26 15:41 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to this update. Today we are
going to talk about the Pioneer Reserve
and the Pioneer Bond performance as well
as looking at what our best stock does
Tesla and what I think is going to
happen with a bigger market update after
this long weekend. We are all excited
about what is ahead. As you probably
know, we went through some real
challenges over the last two weeks or
let's say uh six trading days that were
extremely challenging after this
enormous runup that the Pioneer Reserve,
our trading strategy had trading and
investment strategy and so we are down
4.61% last week which is a bad
performance and for the first time we
had a real underperforming week under
Tesla. So Tesla is up. That is our key
benchmark here. 89%, we are down 4.61%,
we can look at the other benchmarks, not
going to make a big difference, I think.
Yeah, very similar with the S&amp;P and so
on. Uh Tesla, NASDAQ,
even worse with NASDAQ. So this was our
worst week this year and it's a warning
to everyone who is following the
strategies we're discussing here or the
tactics on the short put side because
what killed us last week were really
strong shortput positions uh that tore
us down of course the reason we had so
many on Tesla uh was because we had high
conviction that this is going to go up
and we got uh handsomely paid for that
conviction. So month to date, we are
still massively up 20% on the entire
portfolio for this month alone for May.
That is a very good month. Uh and more
importantly, we are beating Tesla very
strongly. We have an alpha over Tesla of
7.8%. Of course, we were much better
before these last six days, but this is
how it goes. You pay for performance,
right? And year to date we are now uh up
27% still an alpha over Tesla of 32%.
So massively outperforming but again we
were in a much better shape 6 days ago.
So now we are back to full reset we are
that is what you have to sometimes do.
If you look at the stock, let's look at
the stock and explain what happened
there and what lesson we can learn
because this is I mean I can't learn
much because I did what I was supposed
to do. But all of you guys who want to
maybe copy some of these strategies,
it's very important to see what can go
wrong or where you have to be very
cautious. So what we saw with Tesla, I
predicted very accurately that we going
very quickly back to 400 when we went to
350 or something because of the larger
situation. We knew Iran is over. The war
is over. I said this end of April I
think was very clear that there is no
way to escalate this war again. The
forcing functions are too high. So the
macro situation was calming down even
though that was not clear to the market
but was clear to me. So I was very uh
decisively long on Tesla that totally
sold off after earnings which made no
sense because the earnings were
tremendous. And then once we went up to
400 I said we are going back to 490 in
uh more or less very quickly. Now I knew
there can be a little hiccup that thesis
stands and because I was strong on this
thesis I went very heavily short puts.
Short puts, you're selling puts in a
bull market bull run, which is a little
better than long calls in my opinion
because long calls are extremely risky.
Short puts are a little less risky. But
because that was effectively
synthetically highly leveraged when we
had the surprise slide that was very
brutal from 443 within 2 days down to
390 basically that happened. We got hit
extremely hard. Now not as hard as we
made money on the way up of course. So
that's why we have still a strong alpha
here. But here I needed to massively
reshuffle everything. I mean I I'm
mentally prepared for these things. I
know that this can happen, but still I
got also a little sloppy because we were
building Pioneer Lands out. We have this
tremendous new Pioneer Lands Daily, the
best news site for the age of AGI for
everyone who's actually interested in
the future. So uh we can look into this
later, but I got a little distracted
here. not an excuse, but I was not
totally on top of my game on Thursday
when this happened. So, I got hit very
hard and then on Monday I got hit hard
again and then I was fine again, but
that tore us down enough. So, when you
do that and you get greedy on the way
up, which I did, which was good. You
have strong exposure when things go
south and then it's very important to
rake very quickly. I did rake very
quickly. That's why we are still in good
shape, but it is a warning. You have to
really be on top of it. So that is
happening right now and now the question
is of course what do we do next? We also
have strong Nvidia positions. Nvidia is
doing actually pretty fine but also got
hammered in this whole thing. Uh so when
we look at Nvidia down to 24
15 we were of course and today up in
pre-market we were up a lot here. That
was a beautiful bet all the way to 235.
We went in pretty big at 176 or
something. So that's our second largest
positions because AGI Tesla is the
number one. Nvidia very reliable and
kind of hedging the Tesla situation
because Nvidia is one of the best value
stocks in the market. Super low price
earnings ratio at the eye of the storm.
So nice little hedge there. And then
Micro Strategy still doing strategically
well for the year. But
uh tactically we have a problem here
with Bitcoin right now. But I'm not
concerned. So this is the situation when
we look at the Tesla outlook. Okay, we
are now at 2 426 pre-market 430 when you
see this video is probably already
trading. The Iran situation as I
elaborated on on Sunday is pretty much
over. We have a little bombing right
now. Uh but this is defensive bombing as
a self-defense strike says Trump. So I
wouldn't take this too seriously. Uh
there's a lot of you know uh pulling on
Trump in the war direction of course
from the usual suspects. But the forcing
function here to end it and to open the
straight of moose on the United States
especially but also on Iran is just
enormous. There is just no way they're
going to mess this up these two. uh the
pressure is too high from the rest of
the world and from inside the United
States. So that is the situation and if
that is the case if that is the case and
it is the case in my opinion then we are
positioned to fulfill the prophecy of
Joe that Tesla is going to go back to
all-time highs in no time. Why? Because
when you look at this chart December
16th was the all-time high of 490
roughly. We are now in a vastly stronger
position. We did in Q1 exactly what I
predicted that we are sliding slowly
down with no catalysts. Now cyber cap is
ramping. The cyber caps are getting
deployed all over the United States.
Some uber bulls on Tesla say, "Oh, it's
going to get unlocked right away." I
think let's see what happens. But the
fact is that these cyber caps are now
getting deployed all over the United
States that we are hiring seeing hiring
all over the place in all kinds of
cities. And so I'm pretty confident that
as I said the whole time that the cyber
cap production ramp is our most reliable
indicator of what's really going on with
autonomous vehicle deployment for Tesla
and that this will remain a bullish
indicator even even if
even if uh for now we will not see super
active ramp but you have to look through
the robo taxi tracker or anything else
you see and look right at the production
of these cyber caps as long as they keep
rolling out at the hundreds and soon
thousands. And with soon, I mean
probably next month or in two months,
thousands of them per month. I mean,
what do you think it's going to happen
with these things? They effectively have
no steering wheel or just a makeshift
steering wheel. So, they will become
commercial this year. There's just not
much else that can happen. I know a lot
of people are frustrated and think, Joe,
we have been promised this thing for 10
years. Yeah, but only since last month
have we seen mass manufacturing of the
vehicle that can only be used as a robo
taxi. So at some point we all know it's
going to happen and I think this point
is this year and that will drive the
stock up like crazy when it happens and
it will be a catalyst where even in a
market crash Tesla will look very good
because this is the hard forcing
function we have been waiting for. Okay.
So, we also know, by the way, not to
forget not to forget that when we had
the earnings call April 22nd, that's a
month ago, that Elon said we will see
Optimus version 3 getting unveiled
revealed in 90 days, which is now in 60
days, which means in July. Let's make it
August for now. But that's not that's
not far off. And if that happens and
this thing looks good, which I think it
will, hey, on this channel, we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support
and let's get back to the video. Okay,
we haven't heard any updates on Optimus
for a long time. Video coming up this
week on Optimus on a very important
piece of the equation cuz you can say
Optimus can be cash flow impacting for
Tesla at scale much quicker than people
think. If Tesla wants that, because I
said it the whole time, once this thing
even barely works, there are millions of
people who will put down 30,000 40,000
bucks for a thing like that just because
it's cool. There is no doubt that you
can sell millions of these things both
into enterprise and ind industrial and
to end consumers whenever you decide you
want that as Tesla. And that thing has a
critical functionality which will be
latest next year. I'm not saying
perfect. I'm not saying even
economically feasible. But that doesn't
matter. This thing is so cool that you
can sell millions and that would have a
huge impact. That's like doubling the
car production. If you sell millions of
Optim Optimus Optim you know for 40,000
bucks each that's like doubling Model Y
sales doubling. So this is going to be
very interesting. I would not
underestimate Optimus. I would also not
underestimate it on a timeline. This
might be more relevant than people
think. So, long story short, this is
another catalyst I expect for July or
August. Uh, which is very soon, which
pins and that's a above $500 catalyst.
Uh, same of course with robo taxi if it
scales. I don't know if it will scale by
August. Who knows? But more likely than
not that we see multiple hundreds of
unsupervised in August. So there are now
it's the opposite of the Q1 prediction I
had. It's the opposite. Now we have a
multiple hard catalysts at the horizon
for July for even Q2 potentially. Uh but
more likely for Q3 mid and beginning of
Q3 coming up which is a magnet and pull
factor for the stock. So I think even
without these catalysts,
we could see 490 because the company is
at least as good as the company was in
December 16th. And the market is at more
than all time or at all-time highs and
higher than it was there. So I I would
say without catalyst, we're going to
490. With catalyst, we're going above.
And these catalysts are now on the
horizon on a 60 to 90day horizon.
All of that makes me bullish. But we
should learn from the lesson of this
week where we looked bad that if you go
too leveraged
then you have to take off risk when
things take a breather and that's
exactly what that was a breather is was
pretty obvious it's a breather there was
some ski with a bond yields and
everything on Friday but and I I said it
could be bad but likely it's not bad so
it was a just a completely normal
breather you see it with a NASDAQ that
behaved very similarly here That was the
same breather, right? You saw that. So,
I think Tesla will follow the NASDAQ
from here on out. We have to be
prepared. Uh, and I will deploy
synthetic leverage, meaning short puts
tactically only on Tesla. I'm not doing
this with Nvidia. I'm not doing it on
micro strategy cuz they when I do these
things I need to have extreme
directional and tactical and very
shortterm conviction which I only have
for Tesla cuz that's very hard to get
for a stock that is requires tremendous
attention for Nvidia Micro Strategy
Robin Hood some other stocks we like I
only have you know strategic conviction
I can tell you where this thing is in 12
months maybe in six months Maybe
tactically can say it's oversold and
very likely to bounce, but I cannot
predict anything on a weekly or
bi-weekly or even monthly level for
Nvidia. And if you can't do that, then
short weekly puts are not a good idea. I
can only do that with Tesla for now. So,
what am I going to do now to, you know,
make up for these 5% alpha lost? Well, I
already make up made up for it
beforehand because we outperformed so
nicely, but I want to get it back. Uh,
I'm going to wait for this to clear up a
little bit. I think the probability
we're going to rally from here is high,
but it's not guaranteed. When we were at
350, it was guaranteed. At 400, it was
guaranteed. Now, I would say, well, we
have to be cautious. We don't know how
strong that 445 450 area is as a bounce.
So once we go to 445 which could be
today, could be this week for sure,
could be for sure, not will be for sure.
Uh we could easily bounce again. So we
have to be a little cautious here. Might
take a little time to break through it.
Uh once we break through it, I think 490
will maybe happen very quickly. Maybe
there's a 470 bounce again. So whatever
we do if we go in synthetic leveraged
uh it is important to keep a safety
buffer distance here. It's not easy to
manage this whole thing because what is
that safety buffer for the short puts
you know here at 430 do we want to have
a strike price of 430? Do we want to
play it super safe at 420? Do we want to
say play it aggressively at 435 in the
money when we go short puts? Then of
course the question is how much risk do
you pile on? Right? Let's say you have
a,000 shares in the account. Do you want
one options contract? Do you want 10
options contracts? One to one match or
do you want do I have 50? Don't do 50.
Right? Do you want to have 5x synthetic
leverage, 1x leverage,.1x
leverage? These are the decisions we
have to make. When we were 350, I had a
very heavy leverage. So that is the
interesting question. Now I am a little
undecided. I will definitely put on some
things probably in a 425 430 strike
price area, but I'm definitely not going
to go heavy leverage from here. We'll
observe a little bit where we are at. I
think the Iran conflict, what I like
about it is that the market truly
discounts it. Now you even see by the
way oil being down even after the
bombing. So people have had it. They
have basically the same conviction as I
do. We see brand going up which should
be expected if you see bombing again but
much much more subdued. It's under 100
bucks. So most of the fall in oil prices
after Trump announced that there's
basically a peace agreement still holds
despite the bombing. So Iran vows
retaliation. So not so people are
extremely unnervous
about this whole situation because they
agree with me even though they might
have been uh not watching the channel
who knows uh that there is no escalation
option here for anyone
obviously that means if something bad
happens and someone is forced to
escalate this will all hell will break
loose so it is not that I'm not it's not
that I'm saying this is not a dangerous
situation or that the world is not at
the brink of total will collapse if this
escalates. But because it's so
transparent and so clear to everyone,
everyone in the market assumes it just
can't escalate from here. The clock is
ticking, of course, right? They need to
open this trade now. They need to open
it probably by next week or in the next
two weeks or it's going to get really
bad and it's going to cut into the bone
and then there might be some repricing.
So, we have that risk there, but
everyone knows that. So the market is
betting on this is going to get resolved
and I am too. We just have to watch out
for it because there is real risk here.
Okay. So that is going on. Uh that is
the situation. I think we are going
besides that macro problem that is kind
of forcibly resolved. We're going into a
nice summer situation. Of course you
never know. We had last Friday the scare
with the bond heels but I think the
bonds are also down again.
Yeah, they're totally down. They were at
4. What did they peaked at? 4.6 or
something or even 4.8. Now they're down
to 4.48. So that they're jumping around
like crazy. By the way, this is not a
normal thing. And looking good. So
cautiously bullish. Tesla should go to
490, but it's will be market dependent.
If the market has a hiccup, Tesla has a
hiccup. We need to watch it. but
cautiously bullish, driving this baby to
490 and a 60-day horizon of bigger
things coming that could catalyze it
above it. If we go to 490 before,
prepare for a drop. That's what I'm
doing. Um, and you know, it's all about
risk on, risk off, risk neutral, risk a
little on versus risk a lot on. I'm a
little risk on right now. So, I hope
that was interesting. uh we will cover a
little bit more on the optimist side
this week and are also preparing some
bigger macro and pioneer lens content.
That's why I'm so distracted because we
are preparing some super exciting
things. I'm not going to talk today
about it but this week and latest on
Sunday we will give you a full update on
the Pioneer Lands publishing and
research strategy that is coming
together very nicely. I showed everyone
on Sunday the knowledge graph of Pioneer
Lands
and that thing is beautiful. It will
help us to be the best researchers in
the world on the future of AGI and our
countries, our companies, everything.
And I think it will be extremely
exciting. So you can see it here. By the
way, quick preview. I don't think that's
live yet, but Pioneer Lens Daily where
we aggregate
all the news. Here you see SpaceX IPO
today. Uh, and on the research side of
things, we will have this very cool
knowledge graph. I can't see right now.
I can't show it to you right now, but I
will show it to you on Sunday in its
latest iteration, and it's going to be
pretty awesome. I hope that was
interesting. See you very soon.