Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Cybercab Will Make HISTORY Tomorrow - But Will It Move The Stock?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2aGOous0PY
Published:   2026-09-02 20:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-02 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And AI is the big topic of our time. And
you know all these things that are
happening all over the place. Iran is
flaming up again. Now Ukraine is
expanding the war. It is very dangerous
in Ukraine. The global bond route
gathers pace as we see on CNBC. We have
a new fable model out. Everything is
happening at once it seems. And we as
investors, we have to understand what is
truly important. And what is truly
important is none of these things
because we are now
&gt;&gt; of physical AI. And what you see here
are Tesla cyber caps. And they're all
over Austin. You see them, the golden
miracle cars that can drive themselves
with no driver, with no steering wheel,
and with no controls. They are not fake
like Whimo. They are not fake like zuks
that are aren't really real cars. These
are real autonomous vehicles that can be
produced as we speak today in the tens
of thousands per month if Tesla dials up
the production, which they can do any
time.
And that is why this launch is very very
different from anything else we have
seen by an enormous distance. And in
case you didn't know, tomorrow September
3rd, 2026 is the day where Tesla Cyber
Cap officially launches in earnest as a
commercial, fully commercial, fully
licensed operation at a minimum in
Austin, maybe even multiple cities in
Texas. No one knows. And regardless what
happens, regardless what happens to the
stock tomorrow and on Friday, regardless
how many of these cyber caps are being
launched, if it's 10 or 20 or 30 or 50,
in the grand scheme of history, it won't
matter because September 3rd will go
down in the history books as an
important date. the date where
autonomous vehicles became real where
Tesla charged ahead as the first company
on earth to have truly autonomous
transport ready and that is if you take
a step back a very big deal and there
are kind of two
types of people in the world. There are
the people who know all of that like us
that are totally captivated by it but we
are so deep in the weeds that we just
looking at the stock price. We're just
knowing about the last year and that
nothing scaled really fast. The
disappointment, the weight, the
excitement.
And then there's the rest of the world
that doesn't even know this is
happening. But they will know on
Thursday,
tomorrow. They will know over the
weekend because there will be coverage
of this and in the coming weeks and
months this will become a very big deal
and that is exactly where our predictive
capabilities in Pioneer Lands really
comes to play. It is not tomorrow and it
is not on Friday or even over the
weekend where we can predict a lot of
specific numbers because it will be very
hard to predict if Tesla launches 10 and
takes it slow and then takes it to 20 or
if Tesla goes all in with a 100 and then
scales. This is very very hard to
predict over the next few days. But what
is easy to predict, at least for us here
in Pioneer Lands, is that this is the
moment where big things are happening
and start to happen. And I will predict
very clearly that this day tomorrow will
mark a change in the trajectory of robo
taxi for Tesla in terms of quantity per
month. It is the day from that we will
see exponential expansion.
painfully slow as Elon said about the
roll out of autonomy
in my opinion is nearly behind us. We
now have a few weeks or months to go
before we see scale. And you know why I
said that before and why I'm still
saying it? because there are leading
indicators like the production
capability, the ramp, the manufacturing
ramp at Giga Austin, Texas
that makes it inevitable for these cars
to be churned out at higher and higher
rates. You remember that I said that we
already have over 2,000 robo taxis
deployed.
Turns out when you look at the VIN
numbers,
looks like I was right because the VIN
numbers in the registration in Texas
show cyber cap number 241
already.
So my prediction here was correct, it
seems. And my next prediction was that
in September, we will see 2,000
additional cyber caps being manufactured
and a run rate over 2,000 per month for
the rest of the year, leading us to the
magic number of 10,000 cyber caps by
December. I'm still absolutely sticking
to that. Now, I'm not saying they will
be all commercially deployed, but they
will be produced.
And all of that makes me believe looking
at these pictures, looking at the
reports, looking at the date and looking
at other leading indicators that we are
getting extremely close to the moment
where the inflection point happens where
Tesla will charge and bypass Whimo, the
30,000 number of cyber caps very
rapidly. The odds that Tesla will have
more autonomous vehicles on the road
that are actually really autonomous than
way more are extremely high.
Now, we also saw that interestingly
enough that
Uber today announced the layoff of 3,000
drivers. Isn't that interesting?
3,000 here. Let's see.
Uber announced
3,000 jobs
slashed as the rise of robo taxis dent
right hailing business in the famous New
York post. So that's a weird coincidence
that this happens.
So I wanted to introduce just today's
video with that big picture
understanding of this historic moment
today because we as analysts and
investors in Tesla sometimes get a
little carried away with the everyday
daytoday and week to week actions of the
stock that we forget how crazy it is
that this big vision
this big mission of Tesla is now coming
to full fruition after all the
frustrations we had over the last
decade.
a little bit frustration after uh the
last year. I think now is the time where
things get real.
What does it mean [clears throat] for
the stock? I know all of you are very
interested
in turning the foresight into the future
into cash in our accounts. That is our
job. My job is to do that for me, for
Pioneer Lands, for the Pioneer Reserve,
for the Pioneer Bonds, but also for all
of you, of course, to turn our
predictive capabilities into cash.
yesterday
and sorry that the whole week was
CyberCap. The whole week was Tesla. I
had a beautiful model prepared for
Nvidia for understanding circular
financing for understanding this
revolution that I reported last week in
depth the revolution in AI financing
data center financing that Yensen and a
bunch of leading bosses in finance have
made possible. I have a beautiful
financial model that I will show you
maybe over the weekend. But we have to
understand
this day tomorrow, September 3rd,
Cybercap launch is overriding everything
else from Iran to bonds to Nvidia
financing to even the memory stock
updates we have
because it's such a big deal. It is a
very big deal. So what did I say
yesterday and what happened today?
Yesterday I said I made a guess. I made
a bet that did not pay off. It wasn't
completely wrong, but it also wasn't
completely right. My bet yesterday was
well my bet on Monday that I shared with
you guys was absolutely spot on. I said
I don't like it. We are overbought here.
The market is too skeptical. I'm
drisking. So I I got out of my leveraged
positions here. still have my core
position Tesla because we are so cheap.
You should not touch the core position
in my opinion and then drop. I was right
on that one. I was very proud of myself
and then
last night I said what do we do on
Wednesday? My prediction was that the
stock is probably more likely than not
to go up. Now you could say if you're a
Joe fan, well Joe was right. We are up.
But that's not what I meant. I meant
over 360. So,
I got out of some of my shortput
positions in anticipation of tomorrow
because what do I do think is I have a
very very very weak conviction about
tomorrow. I think it's incredibly
difficult to predict if this thing goes
up or down because we have multiple
completely unknown variables. We don't
know if they're surprised to the upside
with more cyber caps deployed. If they
do 50 or something, I think it should
move the stock up because we are very
suppressed here. The odds we go up are
higher than the odds we go down. In my
opinion, everyone in the market, every
pro, every technical analyst, everyone
who knows Tesla says this thing will
drop.
And the combination of everyone saying
it will drop
and us being so low right now plus there
is an inlection point in cyber cap makes
me believe
not that we have a crazy rally but that
simply the odds the odds are better to
the upside than the downside.
But I'm not willing to take a bit big
bet on this. So I'm happy with my core
position. I have some short puts. 352
expiring September 9th. So if we end up
September 9th over 352, I win on that
side. But to be totally frank, this is a
small bet. If we go to 345, if we go to
330,
it's not going to be too bad for me. So
it is a very compared to my normal
behavior, this is not a big alpha play.
So that is the situation
as I see it
right now.
And let's look at September 4th. I want
to show you guys something. Let's see if
this is still the case. When I checked
during the day, it was the case.
And uh
it's going to be very interesting.
We are at 357.
No, the options balance out pretty
nicely
at this point. Pretty much exactly
balanced out. So, here's the options
chain. There was a huge imbalance.
There was a huge imbalance before, but
this imbalance has now during the
trading day balanced themselves out.
This is September 4th. So Friday
expiration we are roughly at 357 a
little bit below and you see pretty much
exactly matched the puts cost us the
exact same thing. I mean now they're a
little off here. What is that? That's a
little weird. Why this is so off? I
think this number here is very off. But
let's say it's six bucks downputs and
it's 585
up. So but we also at 357 not 35750.
So long story short it is nearly
identical what we are looking at if you
get five down 370 five up 370 calls and
down 370 puts so we are very even
which makes sense I think when I when I
looked at this we were more down and was
more uneven so here pretty much even
calls and put prices there's not any
premium in any direction and I think
that actually makes a ton of sense And
that's why I'm have no appetite of
playing this thing. The reason I have
352 short puts is if the stock should
fall a lot from here, it's just such a
screaming buy that I don't mind losing a
little bit money on short puts. So
that's the situation.
I have no big game plan to do any kind
of leverage or synthetic options
leverage here into that event. It's just
too unknown what's going to happen.
But I'm getting very greedy on Friday
and then very greedy on Monday because
then all the volatility that is maybe
pent up in the stock will be gone.
People will be whatever disappointed or
not depending what Tesla does and then
we will have a much clearer picture and
can play the strategic outlook over the
next four months or so.
That is the situation that we are
facing. So I am very relaxed. I am very
happy with what is happening. I think we
are at a very historic moment in time. I
think we have to also take a step back
for a moment. Say okay you can't play
this too much. I'm not going to play it
too much. Look at X. Some people say
this is dropping to 330 320. Good luck
back holders. Tesla is going to
disappoint again. Then some crazy people
say look they're going to deploy 1,000
cyber caps. We go to 600 on Friday.
Listening
to all of that, I just believe the most
likely outcome is not much for the
stock. It's too much knowledge, too much
anticipation.
Unless Tesla really does something
crazy, 100 200 deployed, then we go up
and then it's still time to jump in and
do a little leverage. So more upside
risk than downside risk. That is what I
believe. but low confidence in any kind
of prediction. Very light touch added to
the core position that should be
maximized at this point. Core position
should be maximized because Tesla is in
a ridiculously cheap situation and will
absolutely explode over the next 12
months. That's what I believe.
So that is what we are looking at. I
can't wait for Friday seeing what
actually happens and I can't wait for
tomorrow to observe what is happening. I
know Herbert and the whole Cyber Bulls
crew is on the ground and will report on
the ground. I will report from far away
and looking at this whole thing and then
we will see what happens and I promise
you over the weekend and next week we
will start restart covering also the
greater AI play. We have to talk Nvidia.
We have to talk about memory stocks. We
have to talk about SpaceX, not just
Tesla. But this week is just Tesla week.
We can't get around that because this is
just a historic moment. So, take a step
step back, forget about stocks for a
moment tomorrow and
thank whoever Elon and the team for
making this happen, for pushing us into
this new age of autonomy. It is a very
big deal and we should not forget that.
Let's go to the comments here and see
what everyone is saying.
Here we have Poxy Frostbite with his
hidden new name so no one can recognize
him.
And he says, "I wouldn't be surprised if
tomorrow was absolutely quiet in Tesla
stock. That's the indication of absolute
bewilderment. I've never experienced it,
but FSD looks like it has to be
experienced. Proxy frostbutt is a total
pro and I totally agree.
I think the risk to the upside is higher
than to the downside, but the odds that
nothing much happens is pretty high.
We have Das Flean, a German Canadian
Das Fleen. Hello, Joe. Greetings from
Toronto. First time not late. Great
content, very well structured German
style. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Greetings to beautiful Toronto. Uh, the
Pervin says FSD has been amazing. can't
open a car without it.
Uh just did a road trip with over 700
miles of continuous FSD without any
intervention from me. We should also
appreciate the tremendous transformation
that has happened in FSD that is sitting
on the back on the shoulders of the AGI
singularity giant because of that and
that's what I said beginning of this
year. There is no doubt that Tesla is
going to solve this this year. I said it
because it's sitting on the shoulder of
giants. We are in the greatest
transformation in human history
and I will try to dig a little deeper
into that for you guys. We're building a
new model, a financial or economics
model that captures this transformation
of AGI a little better because we have
to understand Tesla, Nvidia, Micron, of
course, SpaceX, the hyperscalers, the
mag 7, they are all just a function of
that central trajectory and that is why
it's so important to track that
trajectory. Gro 7 coming out uh 4.7
coming out in 10 days by the way.
So we have
a a
you have difficult names or
hello from Denmark. First time I'm here
from the start. Hello to Denmark. I'm
not far from Denmark right now. 30
minutes 54
45
the perfect can't own a car without Yes,
I understand. Daniel Shookies, hard to
justify a sell off at that level
tomorrow. I absolutely agree, but don't
underestimate the insanity of Tesla
stock. Short-term, anything can happen,
but it's just not very likely. Or says,
or ache, I don't even know. Remember to
like, I absolutely agree. Like
the video. I certainly wouldn't own a
car without FC at this point.
Absolutely. Don't drive home without it.
Exactly.
We have SK Hadukan.
Hi, hello back SC. And we have Magnus
Johansson. The amount of dollars at the
end of earnings reports is the only
thing that moves the stock. I would say
that is not true, Magnus. What moves the
stock is the anticipation of dollars in
the earnings report. And that
anticipation is a direct function of the
trajectory of Roboc taxi and cyber cap
that the market prices in. And that is
why this happens uh that this date
tomorrow actually matters a lot because
it will absolutely impact the trajectory
of everyone and I will go into the Tesla
model next week deep deep dive into the
Tesla financial model. Go to
pioneerens.org. By the way, we have the
Pioneer Academy up. I wonder if we have
the new Pioneer Academy already up.
Let's see what do we have here. I have
to expand this for you guys. Do we have
the academy up? Here we have all these
latest things. Multiple new robo taxi
uh jobs across
the country of course. But down here,
look at this. Oh yeah, we have the new
academy thumbnails up. Introduction to
financial models. If you click on this,
you get to the academy. You get these
beautiful models
and then you have the Tesla master
model. Oo, sorry. Very good job. This
looks beautiful. We have the Tesla
master model where you get the full
financial model that I will explain to
you in this beautiful video here. So,
this is our new Pioneer Academy. Just
saying we are making progress. You think
I'm lazy. I'm not lazy. I'm working very
hard. We are making it all happen.
Okay. So,
where is the chat?
Here.
Where is my chat?
I can't see the chat.
I I find the chat in a second.
Oops.
Chat
here. Back.
This sucks. Riverside sometimes sucks.
Now it messed up my whole indicators
here.
Anyway,
chat.
Uh,
boom, boom, boom. No covered calls for
me at this time. That is very smart. I
would not do covered calls right now.
Uh, Joe, you said 2032 Optimus will be
the biggest deal. I think 2020 we will
have full production running to scale. I
think that's very interesting. One label
uh I have to look at my Optimus
projections. I think 2028
is my
my my bet on Optimus is that 2028 we
will have full scaling production life.
Uh but
uh I said 2032 Optimus can overtake robo
taxi more 2033 because robo taxi will
scale like insane and then Optimus will
catch up and overtake it in terms of
earnings 2033 or something like that. We
will see it in the model.
Uh Elon is presently working with the EU
regulators to approve USD. Yes, we saw
this in France. He's working with the
French people. Good luck. Cyber cap in
LA 28 Olympics will put Tesla on the
global stage. Well, you're right. SC
Hadukan, but I think we'll be on the
global stage much earlier.
Kristoff Maretto,
Joe Hyenus Bakti, thanks for the great
job. Stock and politics.
Thanks so much, Kristoff. In case you
guys didn't know, it's the running joke
because my name is Joe because my real
name is Johannes. And my American
friends always said or when I was when I
introduced myself to Americans in the
beginning, they were all looking at me
weird because I said, "My name is
Johannes." And what they heard is that I
told them that my name is your highness.
Which is a little pretentious. They
probably thought this these pretentious
Europeans, they tell me that their name
is your highness. No, it's not your
highness. It's Johannes.
But now it's Joe. To make it easy. Now
you know the secret. I have to say Joe
because I don't want to I don't want to
be the guy who tells other people that
my name is your highness.
Daniel Chadwick. The golden age of Tesla
is finally here. Literally, it's very
golden. Thanks for all your insight,
Joe. Well, thank you guys for watching.
Daniel Chadwick, where are you? Where
are you based? Tell me more cities. I
always like to hear your countries and
cities because let me see the global
stage here.
Save humanity. Let the cars drive us
much safer. Exactly.
What do you recommend to learn and start
with puts calls as a beginner? Pioneer
lens I guess. Good guess Christopher
Mcketto. We have the Pioneer Academy and
it's even for citizens, not just citizen
plus. I think I have to look into this.
We have like the expensive memberships.
It's not that expensive, but the citizen
plus where you get the full models and
all kinds of stuff and for the citizens,
but we want to make the academy
accessible for as many people as
possible who are citizens of course. And
so the option strategies will be
probably open for everyone.
But I'm still not I have I have it all
planned out. I have four amazing options
courses. Great for starters with all the
warnings I put in there because I
explained to you guys it's very easy to
make a lot of money with options. The
hard part is to keep it. It's very easy
to make a ton of money very quickly with
options, but it's even easier to lose
even more after.
I will go into it in the academy and
explain it.
Uh, smoker smokers haven FF. Robo taxi
is a ho. Gold cyber caps will be used in
every city they come to. I totally
agree.
Lemonade just expanded its insurance to
Missouri. They will offer discounts of
50% for every mile driven in FSE.
Beautiful, Ken. Thanks, Ken, for the
update. As you probably know, Lemonade
has a deal. Tesla discounts the rates to
50% of the normal rate if you use FSD
which is like huge.
We are getting to get some good clips of
superhuman driving. They already
available on X many superhuman driving
clips. Uh I'm hoping stock drops to 340
says Briman so I can buy more. But hope
is not a recipe. As I said I do not
think because I'm totally neutral. I
want to know what happens. And you know
that I'm a little different from all the
bulls, even though I am a strategic
Tesla bull. But when it comes to stock
movements, tactical stock movements, we
have to be absolutely unemotional in
both directions.
Obviously, I would like Tesla to drop to
zero. So, I can buy all the stocks for
zero and then it goes to the moon. That
doesn't mean it's going to happen. So, I
do not think a drop is very likely. We
are just extremely low. We have to
understand this also on a relative
scale. Market is up. Tesla is down a lot
since alltime highs. That makes no
sense.
Uh what is that? You should be fine with
30 minutes sleep per night.
I'm not sure. I wouldn't be.
Uh the analysts will start moving their
numbers from hundreds to thousands in
the next three weeks. We'll see Joe's
forcing function hit as institutions
realize they are underinvested.
Yes, I agree only that I'm not sure on
the timing and the timing matters. Will
they do that in the next three weeks or
in the next three months? That is what I
don't know right now and that is what we
will watch because once they start doing
what DPC D Clark says
we need to act, we need to frontr run
this
not just with the core position. You
know that I'm a little greedy, but I
need to be sure what I'm doing. And
right now I'm not too sure beyond just
having full exposure.
Good. Good evening everyone. Primar.
Good evening. Well, the event is the
media will say what it's not true but
the media can't lie forever. I wonder
how the media will cover the cyber cap
to the general public. If not much, not
good for Tesla.
Yeah, but you can't stop this. There's
also something called social media. So
once you have cyber caps out, people
will report it on
their
phones and that's it. One label says,
"Joe, do you think everyone will forget
about Tesla energy?" Yes, for now. We
assume this will be biggest next year
will scale with the new factory opening.
Well, we understand that there's
infinite solar demand and that Tesla and
SpaceX are now trying to build like a
100 gawatts of solar, which is crazy.
Uh, here we have Robert GMA, another one
from Toronto. Hello, Robert, the second
Torantian
tonight that at least exposed himself as
Toronian. I've been to the TV tower.
What is the name of the TV tower with a
glass? Long time ago in 2008. I was in
Toronto in the tower.
Uh, Cyber Cap launch seems to shape up
to be another sell the rumor, sell the
news event. [laughter]
Exactly. But if you sell the rumor, you
can't sell the news anymore too much.
So, Briman, I'm from Cape Town living in
Wales.
Uh, your name is not unusual in South
Africa. Yeah, because it's like a little
Dutch.
It's Dutch Swedish German.
Uh Tesla should eventually do a cyber
cap ad where one of those gold human
statues breaks character to get in and
catch a ride. Sure, but they hate ads.
Uh you will be your highness when Tesla
hits 700 plus before years end. Roger
from South Dakota. Wow, South Dakota is
an oil state. I've never been to South
Dakota. There not too many people there.
I think only 500,000 or something. But
it's probably cool. It's like the wild
west.
Um well,
let's see. You know, the way I play
Tesla is right now I'm not playing much
because of tomorrow other than the core
position, but the core position is very,
very large. So, you know, I'm not going
to miss out. And you know, if it drops,
I'm in a excellent position to double
down.
If it runs, I'm not going to be too
depressed because I participate enough.
But my cautious stance right now in
terms of not doing too much synthetic
leverage will be over very soon.
Probably on Friday when I see what
happens.
Don't hope, just buy, says proxy
frostbite. Nobody will care what your
current price was when Tesla is at
3,000. Well, I can support this message
with the only caveat that you have to be
cautious to use margin. Proxy frostbite
is totally right. As long as your
exposure to Tesla is not more than 100%.
Once it's more, you're taking risks.
Doing any any courses on LEAPS, I prefer
them to start due to being very close to
buying and holding. Uh yeah, we can have
a leap leap course. That's easy to do.
That's not even very complicated
compared to the other stuff. Uh, good
point. I don't have a LEAP course right
now planned, but I can maybe have a
course just on
the nature of leaps and when to deploy
them and when to get out of them and
when to get into them.
Briman, so by now, well, it depends on
your position. If you I would not make a
giant dangerous bet that has to pay off
in the next days. I think that's stupid,
but I do think strategically Tesla is an
incredible entry point right now. So, I
definitely would say full complete
exposure of your target positioner.
Tesla is definitely the name of the game
right now.
Elon bought around 385 to 395. Would
love to see it get back to that level of
support. I mean, if you look at the
chart of Tesla,
it just looks incredibly
the same as the two years before. 2024,
you see this thing ran up Q4, then
totally dropped, then ran up again, then
it dropped again this year. It's going
to totally run up again. I think there's
just no doubt in my mind unless there's
some major market disruption, which by
the way, on the macro perspective, I
also don't believe in like there's just
too much fear in the market. There's too
much concern. There's too much talk
about bonds and and oil and the
implosion of the United States if
everyone is afraid. The market can only
go up. I mean, how are we going to have
a crash right now? It's impossible. All
these people freaking out. You can't
have a crash when everyone freaks out.
So, I don't buy it. I mean,
this all just points into the direction
all-time highs this year.
probably much more
700. I'm not sure.
Uh
Nemo
Modula says, "Frankly, I don't even care
that much anymore. If it drops, I buy.
If it pops, I buy.
Not dumb."
Uh,
celebrities will want to be seen in
cyber caps for sure. CN Tower. Exactly.
CN.
I drive Uber in a Tesla with FSD in
Leander. Oh, Leander.
I lived in Leander once. Um, just north
of Austin. Last week I talked about the
cyber cap with 21 writers. Exactly zero
of them were aware of anything about the
cyber cap. That is actually super
interesting. Great US treasure hunt. Uh
Leander that is up north
to the west of Flugerville.
Nice area. A little not my thing because
of all the pollen. I nearly died because
I'm very allergic. I didn't know it so
bad. Uh that was pretty extreme but very
beautiful area and that's a very good
point right we always forget we are both
on the AI knowledge front on the chip
and Nvidia front and of course on the
Tesla and SpaceX front we are like not
even the 0.1% we are just the 10 people
who know the most or the 60,000 people
on my channel that know the most in the
freaking world and there are 8 billion
people in the world there are 300
million in America there are 400 million
in Europe none of these these people
knows anything about what's going to
happen and that's good for us because
that is upside.
The CN tower is a 553 meter high
communications and observation tower in
Toronto. That is correct.
Canadian national, the railway company
that built the tower. I never knew that.
Thank you, Haduken.
Hadukan sounds Dutch.
Wall Street analysts are a mysterious
bunch. not logical otherwise MU and
Tesla would be higher.
Well, they are logical. They're also
rational. You just have to understand
what their job is. Their job is not to
invest. Their job is they're being hired
by banks, for example, for buy side,
salesside, analysts, and their job is to
make clients happy with information that
seems like reasonable. Uh if they would
be good investors, if they could do what
we do here in Binary Lands, there
wouldn't be analysts. There's a reason
why I'm not an analyst because I invest
money. So investors are not analysts.
It's very different.
Uh static freak says no going to be a
huge drop tomorrow.
Maybe then we buy more but I don't think
so. I think the most likely outcome is
not much
unless Tesla surprise to the upside. Uh
downside surprise it's just very hard at
this point.
25 cars. That's actually the median
expectation. I got to the same
conclusion. I just see more and more
cars all over the place in Austin. So, I
think there's a little bit of upside.
I'm not sure. Great treasure hunt. If
you need advertisement, we will see.
No one even knows what's happening
except for the fanboys.
I agree.
Joe, when do you think we'll see the
first customer order cyber cap 2028 or
before? One label. I am one of the big
skeptics of this whole customer thing
because I did the the math. If I was
Tesla, I wouldn't sell a single cyber
cap. The point where I would have to
sell cyber caps is when we reach maybe
10 million or something.
the point where you might have to sell
cyber caps. If when you go into the tens
of millions and have to flood the entire
universe with these things and then you
have charging issues, then you have all
kinds of issues and then it might be
smart to start leasing them out or
selling them for fleet operation and
blah blah blah. But in the beginning,
why would you sell an asset that cost
you 20,000 bucks to produce that makes
you $30,000 in margin every single year?
You would be completely mad. Well, would
you sell $30,000
a year in margin for $20,000 to people?
That makes like no sense. Would you sell
30,000 a year in profit for 30,000? No.
Would you sell it for 60,000? No. I
mean, what is the price for a cyber cap?
I would sell it maybe for 300,000 per
cyber cap, but why would I sell it
cheaper if it makes me 30,000 bucks?
That's the math of selling cyber cap.
Who sells an asset that makes you 30,000
profit a year? Why would you sell it?
And if you want to sell it, what is the
price?
And then you can do the math. If that
thing works for, let's say, six years,
you're dealing with six times three,
which is in my opinion 180,000 bucks.
Would you pay 180,000 bucks for a cyber
cap? I mean, you should, but that's the
problem here. There's no reason to sell
it.
Dr.
Furu
two brains. The pull back to 300 was the
last dip you will see for a while in my
opinion as long as the cyber cap doesn't
do really bad things.
Very reasonable take.
Millions will watch this event. Don't
worry about publicity. I also agree. I
think this is a big deal. We will have
millions of people seeing this over the
weekend. I saw a cyber cap charging near
Cedar Park Costco. Three weeks ago, two
other Tesla owners were there. Had no
idea what the cyber cap was. Tesla
owners. Yeah, very good. Great. US
treasant reminds us what's going on
here. Even Tesla owners know about
anything about that. Daniel Chedwick,
hello from Oklahoma. I've never been to
Oklahoma. I actually wanted to go to
Oklahoma. What ratio would we be buying?
More SpaceX and Tesla should we be
buying?
I treat them right now completely
separately. They're for me just separate
cases. I have well I have a very tiny
SpaceX core position but I have a pretty
significant exposure and short puts
right now at the money 140 and 141 and
142
because in my opinion that thing is just
not going to drop too much from here in
my opinion. So I have like weekly short
puts on this thing because I think we're
in a very stable situation. Uh, but we
have to watch out for September 9th when
we have the next unlock because right up
here the unlocks can hurt us.
Long story. My portfolio is 100% Tesla.
I mean, I have nothing against that.
Probably not the worst idea.
Not financial advice. Leaps plus one was
just starting out with options just
seemed like one of the nice conservative
beginnings.
Yes,
poxy frostbite.
When I make my monthly investments, I
try to watch the market and get a good
price into a day or two. It's more for
fun than a serious strategy. Yeah. I
mean, in the end, in the end, you win
when you buy stocks. I'm working. So,
what we are trying to do with the
Pioneer Academy, by the way, we want to
cater to people like you, the pros.
That is the first part of the academy. I
call it the advanced capital academy
with the Tesla financial models where we
go through the entire full stack model
and then the options through option
strategies and then each stock like
SpaceX and Tesla and maybe at some point
also Nvidia will have additional
supplementary models like the robo taxi
model for example than the Optimus model
to actually model out demand exactly and
put it into your model.
But
I'm also working more for students. We
want to do more university
collaborations because these poor young
people, what are they going to do? You
are all pros, but most of you are not
going to be 19. I think I know my
statistics on the YouTube channel. So,
we skew extremely heavily male. Number
one, 92% male. And then the median age
is probably 50 or 55 because you're all
loaded. You're all rich.
That's all fine. I have nothing else.
Rich dudes, but what about the women?
And more importantly, what about young
people? Because the poor young people
they need to do something the age of Agi
they need to get prepared. So we will
have a foundational capital academy too
where we talk not just for dummies these
are smart young people but we talk about
building wealth from zero or from low.
Why do I talk about this? Because it's
all about getting people more equity
exposure. The same way used guys say
that even Tesla owners don't know about
Cyber Cap. The same way even people who
do good savings and are good with money
don't understand equities. They don't
understand how much more money you make
in stocks
and they don't understand how much even
more money you make with AI stocks. 20
is the new 10. 20% per year is the new
standard.
Very important. This remember this line.
It's going to be very important.
So to that point pro proxy frostbite.
Yes, we can play around all day long. In
the end, you just make more money when
you have Tesla just strategically if you
don't quit. Same is true if you buy
Google, by the way. Even though I hate
Google or SpaceX and all these things,
it's about getting exposure and sticking
to it.
RDK,
love your channel. Thanks. Thank you for
your hard work and info. Thank you, your
majesty. [laughter] I like it. My name
is your highness. Don't forget
spelled Johannes Briman. I'm a long-term
investor. I already have 600. I have dry
powder ready to deploy. Very good. I
would deploy the dry powder right now,
but let's see what happens tomorrow.
I mean, you know what? Like Brian,
here's the thing. If you have dry
powder,
two poxies point, you can play these
little games, right? I think that's good
for training. Let's say you have 600 and
you can do you can buy another 50 or
whatever dry powder you have. And then
you can make a decision. Do you buy it
now today or do you wait until Friday?
If it drops, you're very happy if you
didn't buy it. But if it goes up and you
bought it now, you're also happy. You
know what? In the large scheme of
things, it's completely doesn't matter.
But to play these little games on the
dry powder you deploy by trying to time
it, I think that is actually good
because it doesn't matter number one.
And number two, it makes you a little
happy or sad and it trains your brain to
be right. And I tell you one thing,
what's so magic about stocks? When you
make a prediction and you put money on
it and you're wrong, you remember that
lesson much more than if you wouldn't
put money on it. Why is that so
important? Or if you're right, you will
remember it also more. Why is it so
important? Because very few people in
the world, and that's what you have to
train in Pioneer Lands, very few people
in the world are objective critical
thinkers that are also quantitative
thinkers. This is the highest level of
thinking you can achieve.
And there's no better place on earth
than the stock market and your portfolio
to train that. And in a way, it doesn't
matter because as long as you buy the
stock, you make money. You will become
very wealthy. But by playing these
little games, you're training the
feedback loop with reality. If you build
your opinion on Tesla and then say, you
know what, this thing goes up tomorrow.
I'm buying now. And then it drops. you
will remember because you know ah my 50
stocks that I bought I should have
waited
or if you say I'm not buying it's going
to drop and then you don't buy and it
goes up to 400 then you think god damn
it now I only can buy 40 stocks
this both are good scenarios because you
will remember what you did and then you
keep doing this and over time you learn
extremely important things how to use
your brain in a coldblooded
self-critical way with continuous
feedback.
That's the beauty of investing.
One label, if Joe, if energy doubles
again in 2027,
stock investor will see that we will be
the biggest manufacturer of energy
storage in the United States. Well, they
should understand this already, but yes,
uh, very little oil in Sodak, big oil in
North Dakota. Ah, so I got it wrong. I
thought it's in South Dakota. Roger Jack
is in South Dakota. One only thing of
consequence in Sodak, South Dakota is
Mount Rushmore and National Music
Museum. Oh, I didn't know about that.
The National Music Museum. Very
interesting.
Mount Rushmore. I'm sure Trump wants to
get on round Mount Rushmore. Let's see
if you can make that happen. Uh here,
great US treasure hunt. Buy the stock,
not the options. Elon is in no hurry to
increase the price, so your options can
expire. Worth as well. Great treasure
hunt. That's why we have the Pioneer
Academy. Options can be very useful.
It's not all call options. You can also
sell puts.
Ken says, "The negativity makes me
bullish."
Exactly. That's what I think too.
Uh Susan Ling 99.12%
Tesla, 0.88% SpaceX. Susan Ling is a
savvy investor.
That's a good mix. I think SpaceX could
be a little more at this point, but
yeah, it's I I'm also skewing extremely
heavily Tesla. Not fully exposed to
Tesla in my portfolio. Briman,
maybe it's time.
What is the car reviewer guy doing
tomorrow?
Uh the black dude, I forgot his name.
MLK or something,
some long number.
Uh, we will see.
Merge talk between SpaceX and Tesla
suddenly seems so quiet now. I think
this happens next year. Keith Fuller has
the best comment. Like the video.
Exactly. Cedar fever is real for some.
It's very real for me. Cedar Park. Oh my
god. And Leander. I nearly died. It was
so beautiful. I liked it there. I had a
beautiful little Tesla. Drove around. I
lived there for a little bit in 2024.
I actually went to the Republican
election party at the headquarter or the
headquarter party of the Republican
party in Texas when Trump won. It's on
my ex feed still. I had like a little
video and they were in this somewhere up
there. I forgot where it exactly was. I
think in Leander and they were in this
golf thing like where you can play
virtual golf like this this building and
they had all these little booths to play
golf and they took over the whole thing
and turned all the booths into like
watch things. You have Fox News and CNN
and each booth like a giant screen and
then one was observing all these
election boxes was very cool.
Robert GMA there were traditional dips
in September. Bonds jobs announcements
did a put a put spread expiring October
2nd after making 73% of my first options
trade yesterday. Nice. Yeah, but
everyone is just too bearish. You know
how the the markets work. If everyone is
bearish, it can't drop.
Thanks for the streams. Well, Tag Zaga,
thanks for joining
Frostbite. 10 of us here and the Cyber
Bulls and Futur Raza and Randy and
Larry. That's still a very short list.
Yeah, Futurazza, great. Randy, great.
Larry, great. Uh, I had multiple Larry
sessions when Herbert was on vacation.
And of course, CERN, but I think CERN is
not there. So, the Cyber Bulls, Randy,
Futurazza, Larry, that's the crew. Wall
Street analysts are waiting for actual
money to come in, not for someone to say
that money is coming in.
It depends. Of course, they try to do
their best to predict the future. Uh but
they have to skew conservative. I mean,
some don't. You know, look at Adam Jonas
and look at
uh Dan I
they're trying to mirror us a little bit
more because they know we are right.
They have to be cautious. They they have
like their constraints.
Bye bye bye. Analysts are like
weathermen. No consequence when they are
wrong. Exactly. They literally cannot
invest in these stocks. That's very dumb
in a way.
I mean, you basically have not many
people who are honest with you.
Some are honest with you because other
they have no clue. There are people who
have no clue. They're called analysts
because literally by definition they are
not they can't invest. And then you have
people who are hedge fund managers and
depending on the size and their
importance, they deceive you on purpose
like Bill Aman and Kane Griffin and all
these people. When they say something
and it's totally wrong, they don't say
it because they actually believe it.
They say it to confuse you so they make
money. So that's the next problem.
People either have no clue and they are
not in it like the analysts or they have
a clue but then you can't trust them
because why are they saying something?
What do they want from you? So it's very
tricky. It's finance.
Tesla and spacecraft merge. Yes, they're
going to merge but probably next year.
Great. Treasure hunt says let's face it.
Tesla should have blended 10 cyber caps
into the Austin mix in May very quietly
then added 25 in June.
I don't know. But they had to wait a
little bit. They had to like fine-tune
these platforms.
We have to get to thousands to move the
stock.
I'm not so sure. K. And because we are
so low, I think we just need hundreds to
go back to alltime highs very easily. We
need thousands for repricing. We We need
thousands to go to 600, 700, 800.
I forgot CERN and Brian Wang. They know
a lot and have good models they share.
Absolutely. CERN is great. Brian Wang is
also very smart uh very good thinker.
Selling them makes money now versus the
future. Exactly.
[clears throat]
That is true for the cyber caps. But
the future is not very far. If you build
a cyber cap and deployed, you make
30,000 the same year. So you make 10,000
within the first three months.
That's not very abstract, right? So
there is not a big benefit especially if
you're Tesla and Elon you can pull
infinite money for capex you know
I mean a million cyber caps only cost
you 20 billion bucks that's total
peanuts 20 billion are you kidding me
SpaceX has to spend like 300 billion a
year going forward
uh
only sending to customers when they
cities they're in the same s and they're
still waiting on the other cities
approvals. Yes. Well, these cities need
much more cyber caps than people think.
It's not that they need as many as we
have Ubers. They need much more.
Oh, we have to wrap up in a second.
Here, one label Tesla will sell Cyber
Cap. They said they will. You think it
won't be until way later in the future?
Yes.
A lot of Tesla owners don't know about
FSD and don't care. Exactly.
Uh,
we have so many comments today. Wow,
that's crazy.
20 billion. Yeah, I mean,
yeah, do the math. You have a million
cyber caps that cost 20,000 to produce,
probably less. So, a million times
20,000 is 20 billion. 20 billion. you
get a million
and then they make you 30 billion.
Like let that sink in. They make you $30
billion in earnings per year.
You have to think about that. You're
getting 20 billion of financing build
your cyber caps and make 30 billion
every single year. And probably this is
like the most insane money printing
machine ever invented
ever invented.
Banks have some ear banks will have some
early bets some at earnings. So late
bets they have ultra leverage compared
to retail investors. True.
Uh your logical nightmare says zero
reason to pop. Every reason to drop pop
requires tremendous amounts of money
coming in from something other than car
manufacturing.
Not so sure. Everything is about to
change. Yes, China sh
that is true. The value of Tesla's
autonomy, it either works or it doesn't.
But we know it works at this point. Ken,
I like this. This is very poetic. Kulio
Handio
with the roads in Austin dripping in
gold cyber caps. Surely Tesla has no has
to rise soon.
One day left exactly. What time does the
event start tomorrow? Where can we
watch? Uh someone just posted the exact
times.
Maybe we close the video today with that
cyber cap launch event time.
I just saw an X.
Uh, someone posted this.
Uh, now I can't find it.
Maybe we have to ask
ask uh Google for once
time exactly is the cyber cap launch
event in Austin tomorrow. Let's see how
smart Google is. Probably not smart. Oh,
it is smart. The Tesla Cyber Cab launch
event is scheduled for tomorrow,
Thursday, September 3rd, 2026 at exactly
4:45 p.m. Central time.
Sawya Merritt.
Sawya Meritt said it.
So 4:45 p.m. that is 55 5:45 p.m. ET
and it is
2:44 p.m. California time.
So that is happening.
Time to wrap it up.
Dripping in cyber cap is only 10 and
that's not good enough. It needs to be
an actual flood and that's 100. Well,
great US treasure hunt. You are there.
It's definitely not 10. It's It's
definitely not 10 right now in Austin.
There are hundreds in Austin. Hundreds.
So, the question is how many will they
release? But I mean, why are there
hundreds sitting everywhere? And they're
producing they're producing probably 500
per week right now in Austin. So,
I don't know. We'll see.
Hotel snob says,
"It's a pleasure." This is
launching in major city during rush
hour. Exactly. It's a live event. I
don't know if it's live streamed. It's
an event. Yeah, it's live. Uh but the
cyber bulls will live stream it.
David Gunning, very good comment here.
Robboex is the biggest threat to the
automotive industry. The end is near. I
did a video in 2025, I think mid of last
year or or in Q2 last year and in like
May or something and I predicted
the end of the automotive industry in
the west, Germany
and also Ford and GM. The end is coming
in 2027.
It's going to be extremely bad for many
reasons. Extremely bad. Let's see. Okay,
guys. Very good. We wrap it up for
today. 58 minutes. A little longer than
I planned, but it's always so much fun.
We have to talk about these things.
Tomorrow is the big day. It will go down
in history as the day where we launched
autonomy as humanity. And from there, it
will spread. It will spread
tremendously.
You know what I think about the stock?
Strategic inflection points in history
do not mean that the stock moves at the
same day, but it will move soon. That is
what I believe. So, thanks everyone for
tuning in.
We're tuning out now, but we continue
tomorrow. Take care. Greetings to
Toronto, South Dakota, Wales, Germany,
California, and all the other places you
are. New Zealand,
Australia.
So, see you tomorrow. It will be an
interesting day. Until then.