Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       JUST RECORDED: Elon Musk Reveals Tesla’s Bigger Endgame
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6jt_lpVQz0
Published:   2026-05-18 15:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-18 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey guys.
&gt;&gt; Hi Elon. My name is Daniela Margalot and
we're absolutely thrilled to have you
joining us here today at the 9th
International Samson Smart Mobility
Summit in Israel, a country that shares
your spirit of relentless innovation.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for having me and I would be
there in person, but this is a IPO.
We've got to get the IPO SpaceX IPO
going pretty soon, I think. But I look
forward to visiting Israel again. I'm
happy to I answer any questions you may
have or
&gt;&gt; I've got a few questions lined up for
you.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Whatever would be
interesting. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; perfect. So, I'll start with the first
one. Tesla has spent years developing
the vision and technology for smart
mobility. Now that you're moving from
testing to actual deployment, what is
the biggest challenge in scaling this
technology to millions of users around
the world?
&gt;&gt; So, in terms of having self-driving be
ubiquitous, I think we're making steady
progress. the Tesla full self driving
software which is really just AI and
cameras. We don't use radars or LAR or
anything like that. It's really trying
to drive the car in the same way that a
human drives the car, which is human
drives the car primarily with vision and
with a biological neural net that we
take the same approach with our
vehicles, which is a digital neural net
and cameras. And and we we I expect this
approach to ultimately be at least an
order of magnitude safer than than
humans driving. I'm not sure how I'm not
sure if we have approval for this in
Israel. I think we may have or we'll get
it soon hopefully and you'll be able to
experience it for yourself. But it is
quite magical because the car feels like
it is sentient. It feel actually feels
like it's alive and you can actually as
we improve the software you can feel the
sentience growing in the car. It feels
alive and and I think we already have
some vehicles operating with no people
inside and no safety monitors in three
cities in Texas and probably will be
widespread in the US by the end of this
year and hopefully in in Israel too.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. We look forward to that.
&gt;&gt; So this is Elon Musk last night at the
9th International Samsung Smart Mobility
Summit. So, two things he said about
self-driving that I thought was
important. First, he said the system's
on track to be at least an order of
magnitude safer than human drivers. And
two, he said he expects US-wide roll out
of driverless robot taxi targeted by
years end. Let's listen to the rest.
&gt;&gt; The world's going to have a lot of
robots in the future. And what Tesla
makes is effectively four-wheel robots
right now. And in the future, we'll also
be having humanoid robots. You're seeing
a lot of startups with humanoid robots
and my prediction is that there'll be
far more robots like intelligent robots
in the world than there will be people
and and I think this is most likely to
be a good thing. We always want to be a
little paranoid or certainly not
complacent about the safety of robots
but I think it will usher in an age of
not universal basic income but universal
high income.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Uh, I think we have one of
your robots out here in the exhibition.
So, that's also a lot of fun for
everybody here. Go and take a look.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Optimus Subprime.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; So, here's Elon predicting intelligent
robots will eventually outnumber humans
as he says, Tesla's Optimus joins a wave
of human or robotics. I think it's
pretty cool that he framed this as the
on-ramp to universal high income rather
than just universal basic income.
When you think about, let's say, the
most exciting development or
breakthrough that you're working on
right now, what do you think would be
the one that people aren't talking about
enough?
&gt;&gt; I guess people are mostly aware of the
rockets that SpaceX does. There's the
Starship rocket, which we are now in
version three of will, I think, achieve
full and rapid reusability. This is the
fundamental breakthrough necessary to
make life multilanetary to extend
consciousness beyond Earth and have
self- sustaining cities, self-growing
cities on the moon, Mars and elsewhere
in the solar system. So this is really
quite a profound breakthrough and we may
we might succeed in doing that this
year. The critical factor being full and
rapid reuse of all parts of the rocket.
That that's that's a much bigger deal
than people would realize. when that
technology is developed that will be a
fork in the road of human history where
we can become a space bearing
civilization multilanet species and I
think that's an incredibly exciting
thing perhaps to some degree there's
also people not that many people are
aware of neural link which is creating a
cybernetic interface to AI from your
brain and it has enabled people who have
completely lost their brain body
connection to speak gain and to use
their computer and their phone. And we
believe it will enable people to walk
again because you can take the signals
from the brain from the mo motor cortex
and if somebody has say a severe spinal
injury you can transmit those those
signals to a second neural implant and
reanimate the body so that people can
use their limbs and we think at some
point live a normal life by effectively
bridging the signals from the brain to
the to past the point in the spine where
the damage has occurred. that these are
pretty wild things that that that are
possible. And then later this year, we
expect to do our first implant for what
we call blind sight where even if
somebody has lost both eyes or lost the
optic nerve or perhaps has not even be
able to seen has never seen even if they
were blind at birth, it will give them
initially limited vision but I think
over time very precise vision perhaps
superhuman vision. Restoring control of
people who are tetroplegics and
restoring sight I think are pretty
pretty big deals. Those what you might
call like sort of Jesus level sort of
technologies.
&gt;&gt; Miracles. Miracles.
&gt;&gt; Miracles. Yes. Exactly. Miracles of
science.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. I have another
question about the automotive world. If
I bring you back to smart mobility, when
you look past the immediate rollouts of
FSD, which you mentioned, and the cyber
cab, what does the ultimate endgame for
smart mobility look like in 10 or 20
years from now? What is the grand vision
that still keeps you up at night when we
talk about mobility?
&gt;&gt; At at this point, I I the path to
cars driving an order of magnitude safer
than humans is very clear. I think it's
not really a question mark. So I
wouldn't I'm not sure that's what keeps
me up at night cuz I see the path is
just so obviously there and I I think if
you say 5 years from now or certainly 10
years from now my guess is if say 10
years from now probably 90% of all
distance driven will be driven by the AI
in a self-driving car.
So overwhelmingly it'll it'll be quite a
niche thing in 10 years to actually be
driving your own car because the car
will drive you. I think there will also
be humanoid robots that are pretty much
everywhere. And I think it'll be pretty
cool cuz who wouldn't want their own
personal C3PO R2-D2
but even better than that? And I think
everyone's going to want one. Maybe two
&gt;&gt; a Terminator.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, hopefully not. But we do we need
to be concern we should always be
concerned about such a thing because
yeah Terminator is one of the possible
outcomes. I think it's an unlikely one,
but it's not impossible. And so we
should always be careful to make sure
the robots are safe. But the
this is why I actually think we are
headed to a a future of amazing
abundance. And because you can think of
the output of the economy as
productivity per capita times the
population. And if the robots are
extremely productive and you have a lot
of them, you're effectively going to
have an economy that will be maybe 10 or
even 100 times bigger than what it is
today. And that's why I I think it's
going to be a future of universal high
income where pretty much anyone can have
whatever they want. There are larger
questions of meaning. So how do we
derive meaning in a world where AI and
robots can do anything better than we
can do? Because that is probably where
we're headed. But I think people will
still find ways to have meaning. I
And sometimes I wonder also it's like
what is the future? I always like to ask
this question. What is the future that
you want? What do you think the future
is? What's the best future you can
possibly imagine?
And a lot of people are often they're
like a little surprised by that question
because it's like let's say there was
let's say
praying to God and you ask for this for
a given future. What future do you want
God to give you?
And probably a future where there's
amazing abundance for all, where
everybody has incredible medical care
and we have this and in fact where say
anything can be cured where people no no
one is hungry and people are free to do
what they would like. I think that's
probably the best future
&gt;&gt; and peace, peace and love.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. always worry about if you wish for
something does it actually become some
dystopian version of that but certainly
love I think we want a future with love
that seems like a no-brainer peace is an
interesting one because
sometimes the the price complete peace
may be too high because the complete
peace may require too much suppression
of the people so perhaps there is peace
to some degree but not completely
ideally there's not like large scale war
of
But like you have to think about these
questions deeply. Do you want a world
where there's no conflict?
But how do you achieve a world of no
conflict at all without some form of
suppression? So my guess is probably
people would want a future with some
conflict total peace but nothing not a
serious war perhaps. But these are
interesting philosophical questions.
&gt;&gt; What future would you like?
&gt;&gt; No totally. I'm going to bring you back
to ask to Israel here just for a second.
Do you have a message to the Israeli
innovators here in the crowd?
&gt;&gt; I have to say I I'm a huge admirer of
the innovation coming out of Israel.
Honestly, I think objectively true that
Israel punches far above its weight for
population. I think probably number one
honestly in in the world in terms of
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
My hat is off to Israel for just how
much incredible innovation I say
innovation per capita. Israel's must be
number one by far in the world.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Before you go, I would like
to invite Israel's Minister of Transport
and Road Safety, Brigadier General Mir
Regv to join our conversation. Minister
Regger has been a driving force behind
Israel's massive investment in
transportation infrastructure and safety
while making sure that innovation is
front and center at the core of Israel's
transport policy. Please welcome
Minister Rev to the stage.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Daniela. Shalom. Thanks Salon.
You are great. We love you. Go to sleep.
I that you are tired. Thank you for
joining us. It's 2:30 in the morning
here in in Austin, Texas. But it was a
Thank you for having me and yeah, it was
a pleasure. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Dylan. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that was Elon Musk beaming in.
He beamed in at 2:30 in the morning this
time and there's a lot to unpack from
that conversation. Let me walk you
through what I think actually mattered
because if you strip away the headline
grabbing stuff, there's a pretty strong
worldview underneath it all. The first
thing that struck me was how confident
he sounded about full self-driving. He
didn't say we're working on it or we
hope to get there. He flatly said the
path to cars being an order of magnitude
safer than human drivers is in his words
very clear. He doesn't see it as an open
question anymore. And the timeline he
gave is genuinely staggering. 10 years
from now, he said he expects 90% of all
distance driven on Earth to be driven by
AI. Think about what that means. Driving
your own car becomes a hobby, a weekend
thing. The same thing people ride horses
today. recreational, not practical. So
whether you believe this timeline or
not, the direction of travel is hard to
argue with. Then when he pivoted to
robots, and this is where I think it
gets wild. His claim is that intelligent
robots will eventually outnumber humans
on this planet. Not by a little, but he
said by a lot. And he tied this directly
to an economic argument. If you have a
massive, highly productive robot
workforce, he said the size of the
global economy could grow 10 or even 100
times larger than it is today. That's
the basis for what he called universal
high income. Not just a safety net, but
genuine abundance for everyone. I know
you can be pretty skeptical of that
vision, and plenty of smart people are,
but it's worth noticing that he's not
promising scarcity management. He's
promising abundance. Of course, he also
acknowledged the Terminator scenario
when it came up. And credit where it's
due, he didn't dismiss it. He called it
unlikely, but not impossible, and said
we should always be a little paranoid
about robot safety. That's a more
nuanced take than he sometimes gets
credit for. The breakthrough segment was
probably my favorite part. He talked
about Starship version 3 and the goal of
full and rapid reusability. And he
framed it not as a rocket milestone, but
as a fork in human history. The moment
that technology works, we become a
multilanet species. That's the actual
stakes in his mind. And he thinks it
might happen like this year. But then he
brought up Neurolink and this is the one
I think more people should be paying
attention to. He described patients who
had lost their brain body connection
regaining the ability to speak and use
computers. He described a roadmap for
letting people with spinal injuries walk
again by bridging the brain signals past
the point of damage. And he talked about
blind sight. That's restoring vision to
people who have never seen eventually
would what he called superhuman
precision. He used the word miracles. I
don't think he was being hyperbolic. If
even half of that works, we're looking
at a fundamentally different
relationship between humans and
disability. I think the part that struck
with me most though was uh when he
flipped the question back on the
audience. He asked, "What future do you
actually want?" And he sat with that
question. He talked about abundance,
about cure disease, about love, but he
pushed back on the idea of total peace
because total peace might require too
much suppression to be worth it. That's
a surprisingly philosophical thread for
someone who's usually associated with
engineering bravado. He's clearly
thinking about the texture of the
future, not just the technology. And
finally, his message to Israel. He said
flat out that Israel is probably number
one in the world in innovation per
capita. No qualifiers, no diplomatic
hedging, just direct admiration for a
country investing this much in mobility,
transport, and innovations,
infrastructure. That's a meaningful
endorsement from someone who's seen the
global landscape up close. So, what's
the takeaway? I think it's this. Elon is
no longer trying to convince anyone that
self-driving cars, humanoid robots,
reusable rockets, or brain implants are
possible. He's moved on to assuming
they're inevitable. And asking what kind
of civilization we want to build on top
of them. Whether you find that thrilling
or terrifying probably says more about
you than about him. But the conversation
has clearly shifted. The question isn't
whether anymore, it's how and for whom.
That was Elon Musk at the 9th
International Samsung Smart Mobility
Summit. Thanks for watching. I'll see
you in the next one.