Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Cathie Wood Went ALL IN On Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yDex_voQsw
Published:   2026-04-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla stock is quite a roller coaster.
Yes, it is. It's been very high. It's
been very low. And both of those within
the last couple of years, some people
had some really great buying
opportunities and some really great
selling opportunities. But which one of
those is where we are today? We've got
some interesting input from Kathy Wood.
We've got some interesting input from
Ross Gerber. Very different sorts of
feedback as you might imagine, but we've
got some thoughts in between from a
variety of analysts. When I say we, I
mean Randy Kirk is here himself in the
cyber flesh. Probably could have done
without that image. Uh, let's have a
chat about it. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; How are you, Randy?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing really, really well. The stock
is up this morning, I believe. Last time
I checked,
&gt;&gt; it was doing okay today. Now, this is
Monday night.
&gt;&gt; This is Monday night.
&gt;&gt; Monday morning or something. So, we are
we are uh perhaps out of date by a day,
&gt;&gt; but we'll uh you know, I don't look at
the one day moves as much, but you know
who does? Kathy Wood. She bought shares
for the first time since July. Uh you
know, 20 million$27 million worth 13.75
million worth. Uh this is the first time
July uh since July that Arc bought Tesla
shares. Wood has an extremely bullish
view on Tesla. She believes Tesla's
stated plan to build out a robo taxi
service and develop it. Uh, that's
great. You click read more. Doesn't
really give you that much more. And
their smaller fund that Arc Space and
Defense Fund bought $300,000 worth. I
guess that's interesting. Uh, Kathy Wood
buying uh bullish sign. Some people
actually said so when when when the
headline broke uh that this is a bullish
sign because Kathy
she she's right very very close to her
10% limit. Now that temper she she has a
she on her funds she has kind of an
understanding with her the people that
are in the funds that she won't have
more than 10% of any company in her in
any one of her funds. And so she gets,
you know, up to 10%, the stock goes to
500, all of a sudden she's got 14%. And
so she strategically tries to sell it
off to get closer to that 10%. But she
had actually gotten just a little below
10% because uh the stock is
&gt;&gt; was 330 last week or 340 or 3 I guess
337 was the low. Um and so she bought in
uh some shares when it was really super
low. So this is a this is a a a
suggestion that she believes we're
putting in the low right now. Yes.
&gt;&gt; So what we're seeing is uh two
directions of thought. One is that well
sales are dipping in terms of vehicles
and deployments are low in terms of
energy and h half some portion of the
market believes this is a trend that
will continue and the other portion of
the market says oh this is loading the
spring and the question is which do you
choose to believe? Well that's of course
entirely up to you. retail investors are
buying the dip. And my thought was, what
do you mean retail?
Well, they do. 256 million in retail
inflows over the past 5 days as of April
8th. So, this is a few days out date
here,
&gt;&gt; but 256 million in retail inflows uh and
consistent dip buying. The team at
Vander Research wrote in a new note.
consumers uh retail investors uh have a
bit of a different perspective on Tesla
stock than the market does. And
historically retail investors make up an
outsized portion of Tesla's investor
base. uh because uh we see things that
perhaps the analysts don't because many
of us myself for sure you for sure but
many of our viewers uh especially the
ones who comment on all the main
channels are following this more closely
than any analyst in the past that's
worked out well for investors demand to
buy other names in the mag 7 Nvidia Meta
Microsoft has cooled uh so we're seeing
you know, it's down 23% making it the
worst performing member of the Mag 7.
Uh, but it's also a different kind of
company than we see in the Mag 7.
There's no other company in there that
sells, you know, large low turnover
items like cars. So, I saw a very
interesting or heard a very interesting
analysis the other day that I had not
heard before. and on the when you get to
the mag seven or now it's going to be
the mag nine or the mag 10 because uh
some of these other companies are
passing the trillion dollar uh market
cap.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're magnificent.
&gt;&gt; The mag they're magnificent. If they hit
a trillion in market cap, that that by
itself. So, um but what we're paying for
what you're really paying for when you
pay for a company is you're paying for
the earnings flow. And you're not paying
for the earnings flow this year or next
year. When you're talking about these
big companies, you're talking about the
earnings flow for 10 years or 20 years.
I mean, when you've got a 50 PE, you're
paying for the earnings flow for 50
years. So, you're saying, I'm willing to
pay for 50 times whatever the earnings
are now. Um, that is a that is a, you
know, either earnings flow currently for
50 years or earnings flow 50 times
bigger next year, you know, whatever.
But what this in individual was saying
is is that right now the other members
all of them whether it's Microsoft who
does a lot of software whether it's
Nvidia that does massive amounts of
hardware but competition is starting to
come in you know just go down the line
that it's harder to have an idea of
where these stocks are going to be 7 10
15 years from now. you can get a pretty
good guess that they're going to do
great for the next three or four years,
but what about year six? What about year
10? Whereas Tesla, it's kind of the
opposite. We know where it is right now
and we can say, okay, it'll keep going
up, you know, year after year based on
the things you said, the cars, the
energy, etc. But what we know or what we
can really believe in right now is that
optimist robo taxis solar panels uh data
centers in space
uh chip fat chip fab etc. These are very
long range things where there's the
demand is going to be there in in
perpetuity and you can look a lot
further out.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you think energy is going to grow in
the future? Uh I don't know. my Amish
friend. Uh I sent him a DM. He hasn't
gotten back to me yet. Uh that's uh
pretty fun. But you Yeah, you have to
look at the longer picture. And
especially when it comes to disruption,
people are just really bad at spotting
it. When Facebook was coming up, they
were offered a billion dollar and they
said, "Are you joking? Do what? Do you
think this is a $20 billion value?
Because if you think it's worth 20, I'll
give you a billion for it right now.
Sure. But
Mark Zuckerberg and the team were like,
"No, this is a trillion dollar
opportunity." I'm not. Conversely,
Google tried to buy Groupon for a
billion and they said, "Haha, nice try.
We know what we got." And of course,
then you could get a Groupon for half
price. So that was and then half price
again. So it still exists. It's just
terrible. It just uh turns out it's not
something worth worth buying. Hey, the
globe and mail. When I'm looking for the
future, Randy, I think globes and I
think mail, but apparently the Apple
maps and DM was taken. Uh so is it too
late to buy Tesla stock? The current
ratio as of the publication of this on
the 11th 316
uh is extremely disconnected from the
company's operations today. Well, well,
yes, that's
unless I miss something. That's how that
works.
&gt;&gt; And you and and and by the way, just to
interject right there, please, that 316
PE, you realize that every PE is based
on somebody's idea of what the earnings
are going to be, right? Either forward
looking or looking in the rearview
mirror, looking at the last 12 months,
looking at the last year. Everybody has
different things that they base this PE
on. And so some people say I think the
lowest PE that I've seen out there is
180, which is still a really really high
PE,
&gt;&gt; but 316 nobody nobody thinks it's 316.
&gt;&gt; No. And uh you know I I value it on the
price to the earnings, but uh I know I'm
old-fashioned. the thing you have to
look at. I did have someone in my
comments just yesterday telling me that
uh I wouldn't touch it. The PE is too
high. And I said, "Yeah, but the PE's
always been too high. It's always been
too." When I bought it, the PE was
infinite because there were no positive
earnings. Um and if I hadn't bought it
because the PE was out of whack, I'd
have missed out on the runup. So, I'm
not telling people to buy the stock. And
of course, you will get the comment
saying, "You're just a pumper." I'm
super flattered that that you would
think that Randy and I have the ability
to move a trillion dollar stock, but I
hasten to assure you we do not have that
capacity. Thank you though. Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, um, once again, uh, I
think what a lot of people don't get, I
really think a lot of people don't
understand is that we're buying the
mission.
That's part of it. And if you're not
buying the mission because you're a
trader or whatever, well, then you're
not, you know, but the mission is a big
part of it. We want to be a part of the
historical thing that's going forward
and feel like we were contributing to it
and participating in it. There's nothing
been ever been anything like Tesla
before in terms of what it's doing and
it's always new and fun and exciting. So
that's the mission is important. Then
you're buying the specific plan. You're
saying robo taxis makes sense to me.
Optimus makes sense to me. A solar fab a
chip fab all that makes sense to me. So
therefore I think these are going to
generate massive amounts of income in
the next 5 10 15 years. And so you're
buying that and you're paying more
attention. So you have a information
arbitrage but over and above all that
you're buying Elon Musk. I would say
that maybe I got that in the reverse
order that a lot of people are saying I
I'm just if Elon says it and he wants
some more money give me a call Elon I'll
put more money in. people line up when
he gets a new company what with what
he's done with with SpaceX over the last
year in terms of well you know I need
another 20 billion and everybody's like
okay okay okay
&gt;&gt; here's the reality on Elon Musk
companies you're free to hate him I I
don't I don't agree with all of the
things that he does or says I don't
agree with the missions of all of his
companies some of them I think could
operate a little better I guess I do
agree with the missions of his company.
So, I guess I can't say that. But, um,
the execution I think could be improved
on a number of fronts. If I got the
opportunity to invest in Elon's next
company, except I'm not going to tell
you what it is, I'd still invest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right.
&gt;&gt; Uh, because I mean, I wouldn't put in
more than I could afford to lose, but
it's it's a license to print money.
Tesla stock pulled back 26.2%
after a monster run. They went to the
store to get Monster Energy drinks is
what I assume this headline is saying.
Is it time to buy the dip? Because, you
know, we're we're in a dip, but maybe
it's a dead cat bounce. You never know.
Uh is it is it is it time? I I'll give
my perspective and then you please
share. But my
&gt;&gt; I was just going to say, but I'm not
available for purchase
&gt;&gt; is dollar cost averaging is the win. You
don't need to time the market. You just
need to be in it. And if you can spread
it out, then when you see those numbers
saying, "Oh, the market moved this
much." That's correct. But if you bought
at a bad time and sold at a bad time,
your returns may not match the market.
Now, if you bought at a very good time
and sold at a very good, you may have
beaten the market, however slightly, but
the reality is you don't know when the
dips are and when the peaks and valleys
are going to hit. Dollar cost average.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I don't dollar cost average
because I don't I don't have
&gt;&gt; have dollars.
&gt;&gt; I don't have the dollars. Yeah, that's
the easy way to say it. That's right. I
will have coming up fairly shortly and I
have bought this year, but it was, you
know, kind of a one-time thing. I got
the money and I said, "Okay, put it in
and we'll do it." Um, but you know, a
lot of people that have like a regular
income coming in of an extra thousand a
month or 2,000 or whatever it is, yeah,
dollar cost averaging totally totally
makes sense. Um, and uh, I think the one
part about dollar cost, I know that
Stephen Mark Ryan preaches this, is
like, I don't care what I pay for it.
That's it's one of the things he he
preaches. I think if I see a downtrend
and and there's momentum on the
downtrend and there's evidence that it's
going to continue down. Well, I and I
had 10 grand sitting on the side. I
wouldn't say, "Oh, I'll put the 10 grand
in today." Even though I it looks to me
like there's a downtrend. Now, I could
get it completely wrong and have to pay
more for it a week later. Uh, but
generally speaking, I would say, "Oh, I
got 10 grand. Let me see here when would
be it." Yeah, I could make I could do a
little better if I wait a week.
&gt;&gt; And I've seen that. I've seen people who
who trimmed their palunteer near the top
and just left it as cash waiting for
what they felt was the right opportunity
at the right time. I don't know if
they've made moves since then, but uh I
mean it's not always bad to sit on cash.
I mean, you you sold something that you
felt was at its high because you're
waiting for the SpaceX IPO. Maybe that's
a good move. I don't know. I will never
try and tell you uh what to do with
that. But I will tell you that we've got
one more big funny story before uh we
end. And with that said, I'm going to
mention this real quick. April 26th,
Drive Electric Earth Month. Uh, I'll be
giving two presentations in Portland.
Oeva.org.
Join us, won't you? It's a free event.
Ross Gerber demands $10,000 refund if
Tesla's new FSD doesn't work
unsupervised. He says Google's solved
autonomy with Whimo.
&gt;&gt; Investor Ross Gerber. Nope. Nope. You
don't get to say that if you don't own
any shares.
&gt;&gt; You're certainly not a Tesla investor. I
know that when he still had like a
hundred shares, he was going on the news
as a Tesla investor. It's like, "Nope,
&gt;&gt; nope. If he's a Tesla investor, then
&gt;&gt; then we're all Tesla investors."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It should initiate refunds for
customers. If the latest version of FSD
doesn't work as Ross intends, you
weighed in on 143. If 143 doesn't work,
oh, just not not ever, but 14. If 143
doesn't work unsupervised, we should all
get our 10,000 back. We've waited long
enough.
&gt;&gt; Ross, didn't you sell yours to buy a
Rivian? How's that working out? So,
yeah, Whimo's solved to talk me. That's
&gt;&gt; I think I think Whimo will be delighted
to hear that.
&gt;&gt; So, let's start from the legal side.
From the legal side, you probably get a
different jury on a different day and
they might go either way. I could make a
very strong case that this was the
promise of the product working in the
future and the future is still coming.
So that would be my argument if I was in
court. Now on the other side the the
people could say well but over and over
and over again Elon went on different
programs at different places and said oh
it's going to be ready you know in three
weeks or six weeks or two usually two
weeks. Um, and so therefore, you know,
when I made my purchase, I was basing it
on Elon's statements. And I think there
are juries that would take that into
consideration. The good news is I think
that most people that own Teslas that
that have FSD are just sitting there
waiting with baited breath to be able to
use it uh unsupervised and uh would
never want to give it up or sell it back
or or or get a refund. So, I paid 8,000.
I paid 8,000 for mine. I I don't care.
It's fine.
&gt;&gt; I think we should do a crowdfunding uh
campaign. If we raise 10,000, will he go
away and delete his account just so we
don't have to I mean, I could block him,
but he's too entertaining.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no, no, no. I blocked him a long
time ago. I couldn't I couldn't take it
anymore. I don't block our I think I've
blocked 10 people ever.
&gt;&gt; I had to block him. It just drove me
nuts.
&gt;&gt; So, guys, in the comments, what did we
miss? What did we miss? Our channel
said, leave it. Head over to Ry's
channel. find out what he's up to. I've
been on his show twice this week because
uh he just can't get enough of me. Maybe
you can't either. If you can't, you know
where to go. Everybody else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots when you
subscribe.