Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Today's MASSIVE SpaceX Stock Unlock Makes Me BULLISH
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkROu8JdDEg
Published:   2026-08-06 22:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-06 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

August 6, 2026 is a date that we are all
observing very closely and it is today.
Why is it so important for everyone
who's interested in Tesla and also of
course even more important SpaceX, the
all decisive company that brings AI into
space and replaces the bottleneck of
terrestrial AI built out through the new
AI satellites as early as 2028 in my
assessment at least. Well, we are
watching today's date so closely because
of this graphic that you're seeing right
here. SpaceX just went public was a very
big the biggest IPO in history $2
trillion a crazy story and what happened
today is that for the first time we saw
shares being unlocked
okay and what that means is you probably
know what it means but when you bring 5%
of the share float 5% of the total 13
billion shares that are SpaceX in total
when you bring them on the stock
exchange on the IPO day, there are still
95% of the entire share base that need
to get unlocked. And every time they get
unlocked, a batch of them, they become
tradable. And the problem with that in
theory is that every time something
unlocks like that, it's pure selling
pressure because no one can buy them.
You can only sell them because you
already hold them. These are employees,
investors, all kinds of people. And
these unlocks in theory created a cloud
that was hovering over the stock because
when you have these huge unlocks, they
get sold into the market and the share
the shares could potentially sell off.
And the problem is that we had these
very high these very high amounts of
unblocks, right? So what we are
basically seeing is that we are getting
nearly a billion shares, 900 million
shares today online into the market and
this is the first wave of giant unlocks
and more shares get unlocked today than
are trading right now and the scare was
will that lead to a sell-off and I had
no answer to that by the way. I thought
that these unlocks will create selling
pressure because how could they not?
Because even if you're the most bullish
employee on SpaceX, your wealth advisors
are going to tell you if you now are
worth 3 million bucks and you make
100,000 a year or 200,000 and can save
20,000 a year now you have 3 million in
net worth in these shares. Every wealth
advisor is going to tell you sell them
to diversify sell at least some maybe
10%.
But even if 10% of the 900 million would
have been sold today, that would have
been a total share crash. Okay,
so let's look at the stock. What does
the stock actually do? It sold off after
earnings, but today it is up. The stock
is up even 2.6%. Not bad after earnings.
We saw a selloff. Here were earnings.
Very good earnings in my opinion. That's
a whole different story that we will
cover in the weekly brief in Pioneer
Lands. We will have some videos up over
the weekend also available on YouTube
where we just cover some of these things
and more indepth in the weekly brief on
pioneer.org.
But you saw the stock running up like
crazy
on the day into earnings probably
because something leaked and people knew
it's good earnings. So it ran up 10% and
then dropped 10% more or less 11% and
then ran up again a little bit
yesterday. So today the big story here
is the big story today is that the stock
is up 2.6% 2.58% right now as we speak.
So that will be positive into the close
probably when you see this video. And
for me this is a very important signal.
It is a very important signal. The
signal has not concluded yet. I'm not
ready to do the full assessment. I will
wait until next week because an unlock
doesn't mean everyone just storms into
selling the shares today. There will be
some selling pressure over the next 7
days or something, I would assume. So,
we need to sit back and observe that a
little bit and it's time to observe that
very diligently because that first
unlock today will tell us a lot. I'm
giving it a week. If I don't see any
distortions over the next week, if this
goes flat or up, that is a very good
sign that the future analogs will not
create any additional disturbances. And
that means we have a green light, a go
on the stock to actually just look at
the stock, the fundamentals, and do our
assessment, which we already did. I'm
not going to reveal what it is, if it's
a buy or a sell, because we're not ready
yet, but we have completed the analysis
nearly. We will be ready on Sunday in
the Pioneer Lens analyst team and reveal
what we think, including the buildout
projections for compute.
But we need to get this cloud away from
over our heads as SpaceX interested
investors if these unlocks will create a
sell-off. So far it doesn't look like
it. Let's give it another five trading
days and then we can conclude what we
think. Now I have looked up here this
nice business insider article. I want to
go through this with you just to get a
feel for it. I found it a very useful a
very useful uh description and they
interviewed a bunch of employees. It's a
very qualitative piece. So, it's not a
quantitative exact scientific assessment
of the selling pressure, but it gives us
a good understanding of at least some
some of the employees and what they're
thinking. So, let me read it with you.
Let's go through this so we get a feel
for how bad the selloff could be or why
it might not be happening.
So, let's get started. The lockup killed
me. Early SpaceX investors say they're
torn about whether to hold on or cash
out as lockups expire.
Very good article by the way. Ryan D was
briefly a millionaire this summer thanks
primarily to his holdings of SpaceX
stock. The 34year-old former SpaceX
employee was tracking the rise and fall
of Elon Musk's rocket company as the
stock soared then crashed in the days
following its record-breaking IPO. He
had received 2,800 shares in 2019 when
they were valued at around $4 each.
Okay, very important for you guys
understand this guy got two 2,800
shares, $4 each valued. Very typical
employee grant. According to financial
records, he shared with Business
Insider, bringing the total value of his
stake to over $630,000 when the stock
peaked at 225, twice as high as it is
now. Nearly exactly twice as high. Okay,
that worth 630,000 is about half that
right now. So, it's now down to 315,000.
This immense IPO hype has fizzled nearly
two months later with space stocks blah
blah blah uh falling 50%. We saw this
happening here. You see the stock chart,
not news to anyone watching this
channel. You see that it peaked here. I
sold a bunch of calls at at 180 and at
220 because I knew this is like stupid.
Uh so I sold a bunch of calls, made the
money. Not nothing gamechanging, but
just a nice little game you can play.
Ryan hasn't touched his stake and
doesn't plan anytime soon. Okay, that's
the important message and I think that
is one of the reasons why people might
not be selling. They saw 225, now it's
half of that. They're saying
this is not very enticing to sell. Let's
wait. I'm sure it's going to go up
again.
Despite the post IPO slide, early
investors in Musk's Rocket Company are
still way up on their holdings given the
company's valuation. Remember, Ryan got
the shares at $4. Maybe he has to still
execute them, maybe not. Doesn't matter,
but he has to pay $4. So, even if he
sells now, he makes nearly the entire
315,000 bucks in profit.
Uh so that volatility could get worse as
more insider shares are unlocked through
the end of the year leaving some people
who got in early torn about whether they
should continue. And I think to take a
break here I think one reason why we are
not seeing selling is the low share
price. We probably would see a bigger
drop if we were higher up. But if you
have seen already your stake at
$600,000,
you have much more inhibition selling it
at $300,000. Imagine it would have gone
up to 600,000. Now it would be at a
million. Ryan would probably say, "Okay,
let's get the hell out of here." But
down here, so that is the psychology of
the seller. Very important.
Let's see. Business spoke to three early
SpaceX shareholders about how they felt
about the stock's rise and fall.
Business Insider verified each
investor's stake through screenshots and
documents. Ryan said he was bullish on
SpaceX's long-term trajectory overall.
As a former employee, he's familiar with
the company's
uh leadership and has faith that
management will get the company through
the current phase. Dominated by heavy
R&amp;D spend, we know all of that. Hey, on
this channel, we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing,
like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. Okay. Um,
I've seen how the company works from the
inside. He said, "My thoughts are long
term. I think it's probably going to be
good. I mean, who is betting against
Elon? Let's continue. Chris Dennard, a
43-year-old business owner based in
Florida, said he was got first involved
with SpaceX in 2022 when someone in his
group of entrepreneurs and business
people hooked up members with private
investment funds that offered exposure
to SpaceX. He invested 25,000 SpaceX's
series M funding round valued at $19 a
share. So he is up 56x
5.5x the stake that ballooned to around
$260,000
post IPO peak and now is at 100
something thousand right the lock up
killed me dard said so here see dard
wanted to sell would have sold at $225
but now he doesn't want to prior to the
first wave of insider lockups expiring
Dana told business he was planning to
sell around $25,000 worth of the stock,
the size of his initial investment, to
take some profits. I had such a great
entry point, I already won. Dard said he
would consider selling more in the
future due to concerns about the stock's
volatility. If shares started tumbled
below the $50 mark, he would call it
quits and exit his stakes. Interesting
psychology, he said, though he believed
it was more likely the stock would
stabilize and start rising from here.
I'm just going to let it ride, he added.
So he's in. He doesn't sell. Number
three, Lance Brightstein, a day trader
investor based in California, is just
another early investor who says he would
have loved to dump his stock when it
peaked in June. Okay. Brightstein
purchased $500,000 worth of SpaceX stock
through an SPV in 2024. Many such
people, many such cases around the time
SpaceX was valued at $210 billion. His
stake is now worth over $3 million.
Brightstein said he wasn't stressed
about spacing post IBO decline given how
early he bought in. Though he believes
the business will likely succeed over
the long term, he has doubts whe about
whether he wants to stomach the interim
volatility and adds that he expects the
stock to come under more pressure as
shares are unlocked. He said he would
consider selling his stock if SpaceX
were to rebound to around $130 per
share, a level he said would be ideal
for him to take profits. Very
interesting.
I think most of the early stage
investors they were in it for the
asymmetry and now that it's gone with
these lockups I do think a lot of people
are going to be eager to say hey we
capture that bulk of this trade and
let's ring the register he said
okay I think
this article gives us a good qualitative
insight here's Brightstein what is going
on and I think we should not over fit on
three cases but I think we can learn a
bunch of things here. Let's go back to
the stock and see it lingering around
today.
Here's my takeaway how I will handle
this. I'm not in I mean I have a tiny
tracker position of 10 shares. I always
buy 10 shares when I'm interested in the
stock to see it in my portfolio and can
track it.
So, oh, I'm actually Yeah, I actually
put on a short put position today
because I'm a little bit bullish
afterward. I see. But a very tiny one to
see what happens. just a bunch of short
puts out of the money. Not much. I think
108 uh weekly
because I want to get a feel for what's
going on here. Uh and I think the stock
is truly doing price discovery right now
after the earnings call and now the
first unlock. So, I want to be a little
exposed and get a feel for it. But
here's the thing. I think down here as
evidenced today and maybe evidenced over
the next few days the selling pressure
is extremely limited because everyone
has seen what the stock can do at 220.
The other important anchor point to uh
what is it brightstein Bredstein's
what's his name?
uh Brightstein
brightstein
to Brightstein's case now it is about
early investor psychology we should not
underestimate how many of these shares
are now available out there and the
question is when will they actually
start selling we see now early evidence
that the price is too low for most
people no one is selling everyone says
no I've seen 225 I'm not going to sell
at 110 but Brightstein indicated already
his psychology he said hm H when this
stock goes back to IPO price of 135
where I was not allowed to sell because
it was a lockup, I'm going to sell.
That's what he said.
So, we have to watch these important
levels. It is very likely that we see a
bump that we see resistance selling
resistance and don't underestimate how
much is actually getting unlocked here.
I think we are now at uh 5x or
something. No, I have 2x something big.
I have to look it up. Let's do it while
we speak. Uh so there is a massive
amount being unlocked right now. And I
think what happens is the first
resistance for the stock going higher
and I think it will because the
fundamentals look actually very
promising as I hinted at. Um, explain
how many shares got locked unlocked
unlocked today for Space X and how many
floated
before. So,
no 900 million unlock, I'm pretty sure.
Let's see what Grock says about what the
exact float is pre uh previous to the
unlock. But I think watch the 130 level
130 to 140 specifically 135 IPO price. I
would predict there is some selling
pressure going into 135 which for us is
very important which means to the
downside we a little bit protected. Of
course, not if the market crashes, but
from here, if I see stabilization around
110, 105, 115, 120, I would take that as
a good bottom.
And then I would expect selling pressure
to increase towards 135. Meaning the
stock can easily go up to that and then
we'll have a hard time breaking through
that resistance in theory because that's
where all these people are waiting and
are starting to sell.
So the float before today's unlock was
639 million shares. So there you have
it. So we had 639 million total shares
floating being traded and today another
900 million came on top. So over 100%
added. Okay, that's pretty significant.
So
So it only represented 4.9% roughly of
all shares. the initial float of 638
million and uh now we unlocked the other
900 million. So now we are up to 12% or
something of total shares being traded.
And I think that's the big takeaway
here. Let's look how this stock
stabilizes over the next week that forms
like a bottom at least from a pure
SpaceX perspective if you not consider
the market dynamics like the larger
macro dynamics of the NASDAQ and so on.
And then I would expect good news
driving this thing further up. I expect
a lot of good news and it makes me
pretty bullish on this stock between 110
here and I think we'll get to 120
probably very quickly. So there's not
too much upside left. But then the next
big resistance 135. That is what I would
expect.
And that means we might be able to bet
on that and say let's take this little
right up to 135. But first, we need to
see it stabilize over the next 5 days.
Hopefully, not too late. I hope it
doesn't go up to 120, but let's see. It
can easily happen.
So, that is my take on the SpaceX
situation. Here's the lockup table.
Again, if you want to know more, we have
a SpaceX full financial model coming up
in our investment research section in
Pioneer Lands next week. I'm pretty sure
we can get it done by next week. at
least the first version of it plus a
analyst brief so you understand how
we're thinking around that stock uh and
we will cover the stock in our weekly
brief that's coming out over the weekend
also on pine lens and on YouTube because
the earnings call gave us very important
insights into the actual compute
buildout schedule for 2026 you know I
did a video right before the earnings
call with my predictions and our
modeling where I completely disputed
that crazy claim that we get to 8 gawatt
end of next year which would be
ridiculously large. Of course, Elon then
came out in the earnings call like whoa
it's going to be between five and 10
gawatt end of 2027 closer to 10 then to
five. I absolutely do not believe that
Elon I think you will come in much lower
than that
but still coming in much lower than that
still means a massive increase in Ebbit
in earnings. So we will discuss all of
that in the weekly brief in more detail.
So stay tuned and see you then.