Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       If You Own Tesla Stock Don't Make These Mistakes & The Next Big Stock About to Break Out!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOLQwH93IAI
Published:   2026-05-11 01:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla has woken up and I think it's just
getting started. But should you be
selling cover calls right now? And how
can you avoid a massive mistake after
waiting for 5 years for a moment that
may have just started last week? We also
have the Iran conflict potentially
heating up again as they just responded
to United States regarding peace
negotiations. Micronandis, I have two
hot takes, maybe even warnings that you
should be considering. and two other
companies that the market has punished
that I think have huge upside when it
comes to trading and investing. And
finally, there's one other stock that is
setting up much like Tesla for a
possible massive breakout. Let's
discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Tensions are heating up between the
United States and Iran once again. We've
been playing this back and forth game,
taco, nacho, whatever you want to call
it, where there's this tit fortat.
There's this delay, this pause, this
elongation of the conflict, the peace
deal. Are we in a ceasefire? Are we not
in a ceasefire? On and on. This has been
dragged out. The actual hot conflict
really ended a few weeks ago, and since
then, we've kind of had these tit fortat
moments. But the United States sent over
a essentially final peace negotiation
agreement treaty proposal and Iran has
recently responded and essentially it
sounds like the president of the United
States is not happy with it. He's saying
that they've been doing this forever.
They delay, they delay, they delay and
they don't actually get to anywhere. So
what does this mean for the markets?
Well, if you see here, long story short,
the president posted on true social.
They'll be laughing no longer. Trump
rejected the Iran's peace deal response
as totally unacceptable. So, we're going
to see more what happens to this as we
get more information as this unfolds.
But, it's just something that everyone
should be aware of as the markets open
tomorrow. If you are trading zero days,
um you should definitely keep this, you
know, at the forefront of your mind to
make sure that you have proper market
awareness. Even if you're not doing zero
days and you're just trading in general
or even just investing in general, you
should be aware of the potential
girrations we might see in the markets
on how this goes because again this
might be bluster before a deal is
actually done and the stock market could
respond very positively to that. At the
same time, if we get back into a kinetic
warfare, the market could also go the
other way. So just be prepared, be
paranoid, be cautious. another week or
two is not going to hurt you to to be a
little more reserved with your investing
and your trading. So, just want to call
that out. Let's move on and I want to
talk a little bit about this market that
we're currently in. So, it was only 3 4
weeks ago where the market was literally
a 180. We had the exact opposite of what
we have right now. We had extreme fear.
We had people worried that Micron and
Sandis were in a bubble. We had AI
bubble stuff going on. We had Tesla all
the way down at 330. Now we sit here at
430, right? Everything that we see right
now, we had the mirror image. And don't
forget S&amp;P, NASDAQ, all of them were
essentially in a correction. Now look at
this year-to-ate performance for the S&amp;P
up 5%. The Dow Jones up 3%, NASDAQ 7%,
and the Russell 12%. This is a big
change. Now let's take a look at the MAG
7. Here we can see Alphabet and Amazon
leading the way and we still have the
rest of the Mag 7 somewhat trailing
other than Nvidia. So this is
potentially opportunity that we will
discuss about a little bit later. Now
with this as you can imagine there's a
lot of excitement especially as Tesla
investors. Now again if you look here
Tesla's still down 11.7% for the year.
That's not too great but there's a lot
of momentum behind Tesla right now. We
have literally just broken 400 once
again and we are up to 427428.
Now if you recall on this channel I told
you when Tesla bottom when the market
bottomed. Okay, again a lot of it is
kind of luck but a lot of it you know I
I was telling you why I thought it
bottom. I was showing you the BX
trender. I was giving you all the data
behind it. So it was more a intelligent
prediction a more than luck if you will.
Um there was rationale. It was an
informed uh opinion that I was I was
giving out. I didn't know that that was
actually going to be the day that we
bought them, but I knew we're going to
be bottoming in the next week or two.
That much I did know. I say that just
because I I want to reflect that it
wasn't just the market that I was
talking about, but it was also Tesla.
And during that time, I was telling
everybody, do not sell covered calls on
Tesla. I was telling you I wasn't. And I
even made the comments that, hey, a lot
of people are going to get cute with it.
A lot of people are going to sit there
and they're going to look like they're
smart. They'll make a few thousand
dollars here and there. They'll clown on
all of us for not selling covered calls.
And sure enough, that's what happened.
It's all right. No big deal. Let them do
what they want to do. However, there are
right times and wrong times to sell
cover calls. So, last week, Alexandra
Tesla Boomer Mama, right? Uh friend of
the pod, she posted the following. Days
like this, I'm just happy I don't do
cover calls. Just saying. There's a lot
you can take from this post, but I think
Alexander is a pretty benevolent person.
And I think what she's actually saying
here is that this is something that she
doesn't touch much of because it can be
dangerous. It could be something that
you get a little over your head and that
you sell cover calls on your Tesla
shares and next thing you know, you're
kind of underwater on them, just meaning
that you're missing on the upside gain
that you've been waiting for this entire
time. And I think she has a very valid
point here. The valid point that I see
here is that if you don't know how to
trade covered calls properly, if you
don't know how to be patient with them,
then you probably shouldn't be doing
them. Now, there's all kinds of people
out there and everyone has their own
situation. That's why none of this ever
financial advice. You've got the person
like Alexandra who she doesn't care to
learn about options. She doesn't want to
learn about options. She's happy with
her buy and hold strategy and that has
worked for her and that has stood the
test of time for her and it will
continue to. But then you have other
people who maybe are already retired and
they don't really care so much about the
huge explosive 5x, 10x, whatever you
think is going to happen with Tesla or
any other stock, but they care about
selling cover calls so that they can
live off of that income. That's a whole
different type of person. And then I
would say there's probably the majority
of people, the majority of people who
are listening to this who have been
invested in a company like Tesla for
years, for five, six, seven plus years,
waiting for a moment that may have just
started to happen last week now. We
never know. We've been through this so
many times. But the point is, when you
sell cover calls on Tesla, you want to
be careful. You don't want to treat it
like selling cover calls on any other
stock that you don't care if it gets
called away. Why? Well, because we've
been waiting for Tesla for all these
years for a certain theory, certain
thesis to play out. And right when we're
at the precipice of that, it's not the
time you should be just willy-nilly
selling cover calls to pick up a few
thousand here or there. To me, that
tells me you're being impatient. To me,
that tells me you don't actually have a
plan and you're just kind of winging it.
So, if you're not the person who is
already retired and you're just looking
to make income from this, and if you're
not someone like Tesla Boomer mama who
is just a buy and hold person and
doesn't have any care for for options or
selling cover calls on them, I get it.
Those are two different camps. But if
you have been waiting for 5 years,
listen up because I'm going to tell you
why I've been warning you why it's been
so obvious not to sell cover calls and
why it actually might be time to start
thinking about selling covered calls.
Let's look at this. First of all, let's
just talk about what's happening with
the company. Look at this. This is the
fleet growth of the robo taxi tracker.
Here we can see it's absolutely
exponential. Okay. Now, yes, it's only
39 vehicles right now, but you can see
that it's growing and that's the bigger
sign that we really want to look at. I
think Tesla is moving for a multitude of
reasons. I think one, they have crazy
demand right now all across the world.
They have great sales. Two, you do see
this robo taxi tracker starting to uh
wake up and show that they are adding
more and more unsupervised vehicles.
Three, with so many stocks like Micron
and Sandis up so high and so many of the
MAG 7 companies making good recoveries,
Tesla's one of the few opportunities
that fall within that MAG 7 bucket that
have a lot of upside potential. So all
those reasons could be why we are up to
428 now and we were just at 460, 470,
480. Now, why listen to me when it comes
to trading options? Well, if you're new
here, I teach courses on how to do this.
I teach how to sell options, and I share
my profits and my losses every single
month with with everyone in the
community. And so, you can see here so
far for this year, I'm up $316,000
just trading options. This is not
there's no stock appreciation here. It's
just trading options. I've won 275 of my
trades. I've lost 11 my trades. I've I'm
up I've won 96% of all my trades. And
you can see all the details here. Just
for this month, however, I have made
$121,000
just trading this month. We're only 10
days into this month. All right? And two
of the days were weekends. So really, in
8 days, I made $121,000.
This is the power of trading options.
This is the power of selling options
against your portfolio and knowing when
to sell them, when to buy them, and how
to balance that out. This is what I
teach. Now, the reason I'm showing this
to you, um, and if you guys want to see
like these are all the trades so far for
this month, I'll just put them up here.
You can pause the the recording if you
want and look at it. The reason I'm
showing you this is so that you can
understand like I'm not just BSing you
guys here, whether it's me or if you go
to look at my ex profile, I share a lot
of my my students, my one-on-one
students, and also the people who have
taken the courses, their results, how
they're doing. I share that publicly
when you take my options crash course.
And if you want to join, the links down
below in in the description. But when
you join it, it's one of those things
where you get done with the course and
you can go test out if I am BSing you or
not. You can go see for yourself. It's a
very high noise to signal ratio with
this course. So, you essentially
immediately get to go figure out if this
works or not. And most people make their
money back in the first week after they
take the course. But I'm showing you
this to show you that I might know what
I'm talking about when I'm talking about
selling calls or just trading options in
general. just me trying to show you some
data points of like, hey, maybe take a
listen to this random guy on YouTube and
put this as a data point into your
decision- making. Question me, question
everyone, and come up with your own
opinions, but I'm just trying to share
with you my approach. Again, let's let's
go back for weeks now, months, actually,
I've been telling you to avoid selling
cover calls on Tesla. Let's put up this
chart. So, if we look at this, if you
look in the circle here, this is the BX
trender and we've been calling out for a
while now that it was time to stop
selling cover calls. Now, I sold cover
calls for a while as this was going
lower and lower. This is a weekly
perspective, okay? So, this is a weekly
chart. Each one of those big red bars,
that's a week of trading. And so, this
kept coming down and coming down. And as
it was, I was selling cover calls and
rolling them down. and I was picking up
premium and it made sense to it made
sense to because the momentum was going
down. However, when we hit about 385,
390, even like three high 370s, it got
to a point where it made no sense to
continue doing this. Why? Well, because
I'm in the middle bucket. I'm not the
Alexandra part of the world where I
don't trade options and I don't want to
learn them, obviously. And I'm not in
the bucket where I'm fully retired and
all I do is sell options in order to
fund my life, right? So I'm not in that
bucket either. So I'm in the middle just
like most of you. I'm looking for that
big 5x 10x opportunity in Tesla. That's
what I've been invested in all these
years for Tesla for that moment for the
autonomy roll out to actually
materialize. And so I am very very
conservative when it comes to selling
cover calls against my Tesla shares.
That's the bucket I landed. And so we
got to a point here where it made no
sense to continue selling cover calls
against Tesla. As you could tell and as
we talked about week after week we saw
lower lows on the BX trender and we hit
record amount of weeks where we saw
lower lows. And I told you week after
week be careful. Don't be selling cover
calls. I wouldn't be doing it. I'm not
doing it because there's going to come a
day where we go up $20 and you kind of
get smoked. And listen, you can always
manage yourselves out of out of cover
calls and you can try to roll up to an
extent. There does come a point where
you can't keep rolling up or the stock
moves faster than what you can roll up
to. Now, historically, Tesla has at
least for the last 5 years has always
given us a chance to get our shares back
if you get into that situation. However,
in 2019, 2018, we did not have that
chance where it came back to us. So,
it'll work until it doesn't. So, just be
careful with that. Now, in order to
avoid those situations, what you could
do is look at momentum and make informed
cogent decisions. As you can see here, I
pointed this out to you guys last week
that we had one, two, three, and
potentially four weeks closing on a
higher low. We went from those big red
dark bars to the little light red ones
you see there to the two green ones. And
once you have four of those, that prints
a monthly. And we can see here, you can
see the monthly. And so the monthly on
the BX went from lower lows on the dark
red to a light red. All you need to know
is that this is just giving us a
indication of what the momentum is for
the stock. And when this momentum
changes, this is much like sentiment
changing and this is something that you
want to be careful of because if you
have covered calls on, you're going to
get tested, you're going to go in the
money, and next thing you know, you're
going to be sitting there kind of in
trouble. So, if you fall into that
middle bucket and you're not in the
Alexander, you're not in the retirement
side, you need to be careful about what
you're doing. Again, I don't treat Tesla
like I treat my Meta stock or my Micron
stock. I treat Tesla differently because
I have this this theory, this thesis
that Tesla will be a thousand stock, a
10 trillion dollar company, that
autonomy is going to proliferate, that
they are going to be a nofone type
company. That's my thesis. That's been
my thesis for five, six, seven years
now, just holding Tesla stock. So, I do
not want to risk giving up my shares at
a inopportune time just to pick up a few
thousand. It's not worth it to me. I'd
rather sit out and wait for a proper
opportunity to sell cover calls. Again,
like I told you guys last year whenever
we were at 470, 480 and I sold the 550,
525 cover calls, that made sense. The
setup was there. It all was showing the
signs that it was a good time to be safe
and to sell cover calls. We have not
been in that environment for quite some
time. And here again, you can see where
the monthly is. So the monthly is
telling us that things are breaking out.
The weekly is telling us that things are
breaking out. And if you don't want to
even look at any of this, if you don't
understand what the big tender is, you
don't understand momentum, just look at
this. This is just a normal chart of
Tesla. And anyone can look at this and
just understand we were clearly in a
downtrend. Now we broke out of that
downtrend. We hit a local top and then
we broke out of that local top. This
tells you that it's clear this trend has
changed. The momentum has changed. The
sentiment has changed. Now is this it?
Is this the moment that so many Teslas
have been waiting for? Is this 2019 all
over again? Or is this the same pattern
that we've seen almost every year for
the past 5 years? I don't know. None of
us know. What I do know is that we will
eventually have a 2019 moment again. And
eventually, you can sit there and you
can sell your cover calls at the wrong
time and just sit there over and over
act like a genius and then acting like
you don't care that they're in the money
until it doesn't work out for you. And
then you miss out on that huge
opportunity that you've been waiting for
five or six years and you just look
foolish. This is what I teach in my
options crash course, not just cover
calls. I teach the whole picture when it
comes to trading options. But you need
to have a bucket of how you decide to
trade Tesla when it comes to cover calls
versus other stocks. Or maybe it's not
Tesla. Maybe your conviction play is
Palanteer, maybe it's Nvidia, maybe it's
Micron, maybe it's Sandisk. You need to
understand what you're doing. You need
to have a game plan. Proper planning
prevents pitch poor performance. That's
what we would say in the Navy. You can't
be sitting there trying to figure out
what you're going to do to stop the fire
or to get out of the house when the
house is on fire when the fire is
actually happening. You need to have a
plan ahead of time. Okay, so this is
what I see too often. People don't
actually have plans. People don't
actually have a thoughtout process.
Instead, they just look for opportunity.
They say, "Hey, look, there's some good
premium here. Let me sell that, make
some money, and we move on." This is the
type of trading that I want people to
avoid. That will not stand the test of
time. that will not have longevity that
will lead you to leaving a lot on the
table. So again, there is no right or
wrong way at the end of the day when it
comes to cover calls as long as you're
selling above your break even of what
you bought. We all have our own
perspectives. We all have our own lives.
We all have our own financial situation.
Like I said, some people like Alexandra,
she's doing solid. She's out there in
California drinking great wine. She's
looking fantastic. And she's just a buy
and hold investor. That's fine. That
makes sense for her. that fits her
lifestyle. Other people, they're already
retired. They don't care about making
the next 10x. They've accumulated enough
wealth where they just want to have
reliable, consistent income from selling
their cover calls, and they just want to
be able to enjoy that and go and have
fun, that's fine as well. But for those
who are looking for that next leap
forward, for those who are not quite in
that financial independence stage, or
even if they are like myself, but you're
just looking for that extra alpha
because you've already invested five,
six, seven years for this leg and we've
all been teased with what happened 2019,
right? That was a lot of fun. But now
we've been craving that 2019 moment for
about six years now. You are in a
different bucket of people. So there is
no right answer, but there is a wrong
answer depending on which bucket you
fall into. If Alexandra just decided to
start selling cover calls willy-nilly
and she doesn't understand how to do it,
wouldn't make sense for her. If the
person who is sitting there looking for
that 10x and they decided to just start
selling cover calls willy-nilly, it
wouldn't make sense for them either. And
if the person who's retired decided,
hey, you know what? I'm not going to
sell cover calls. I'm going to wait for
a long time. In the meantime, I'm going
to rack up my bills. I'm going to have
life expenses. I'm going to feel
stressed about it. Well, that's not
right for them either because they don't
need to be doing that. Understand your
situation. Understand where you're at.
Make the right decisions. I'm only
saying this and stressing this so much
because with the market going up, with a
lot of euphoria out there, it's
important for you to have a plan and not
just a FOMO into things. Be careful.
Have intentionality behind your trading,
behind your investing. Now, let's talk
about Micron and Sandis. Two companies
that seemingly can't help but just go
up. Two companies that seem like they
might defy the law of large numbers.
that they can just go up in perpetuity.
Well, let me steal man the other side to
maybe combat some FOMO, yolo, whatever O
you want out there and kind of bring a
little grounding to the conversation
because I hear a lot of people say that
well Sandis and Micron still have such a
low multiple that they're underpriced,
they're underrated, the market doesn't
understand them. I take issue with this.
Let me tell you this right now. The
market understands Micron and Sandis
likely way better and for way longer
than you've known about these stocks.
Most people are just now learning about
Micron Sandis because they are the the
soup dour if you will when it comes to
financial X financial YouTube financial
uh CNBC. It's the hot topic, the hot
stocks that that no one can stop talking
about. It's not new though for the
market because we have seen these boom
and bust when it comes to to memory. And
if you're not familiar, Micron sits in
the HBM high bandwidth memory uh bucket
when it comes to memory. And SanDisk is
more in like the flash memory. Really,
we call what Sandis does as storage. So
you can think of that as persistent
storage or persistent memory. Whereas
like the HBM or DIMS, that's more
volatile memory. So with the microns you
need a consistent electrical current
going through for it to persist. But if
you lose power you lose that memory.
Whereas what Sandis makes the flash
drives etc that has persistent memory.
So even if you lose power and you boot
your computer your server back up that
has still persisted. So that's kind of
like they sit in two different buckets
if you will. Normally we call what
Sandis uh does just storage and what
Micron does is memory. But you can
bucket both as memory if you want. All
that just to show you like what these
companies do if you didn't actually know
already. These two companies provide
commodities is the best way to think
about it for infrastructure for this
data center for this entire AI buildout
that we're seeing right now. Yes, there
is a insatiable amount of demand for
them and that is why the stocks are
moving up so aggressively. Who knows
what portion of that are long-term
investors versus people who are just
trading, people who are FOMOing, people
who are gambling. I imagine that there's
a certain percentage of each. Is it 5%
of each, 30%? I have no idea. But you
can guarantee that's not 100% buy and
hold investors. So your risk is knowing
how much of that stock price is being
bid up by traders, investors, yoloers,
gamblers, and and understanding that any
moment the traders, the gamblers, the
fowers can leave and sell everything
just to watch the stock drop. That's the
risk. That's the risk you have on your
hands. What about this argument that
their PE ratios are so undervalued that
people don't understand the company? So
here you can see that Sandis has a PE of
about 9 to 12. Micron has one about 7 to
8. And you can see that they've had
enormous growth. All right, Sandis has
seen a 3,900%
growth in 52 weeks and Micron has seen a
700% growth in last 52 weeks. This is a
lot. This is massive. All right, this is
m this is what we this this is what
we're hoping to see from Tesla, right?
Like wouldn't that be lovely? And that's
what we don't want to miss out. You
better believe if Tesla made a move like
this, you're not going to be rolling
those cover calls out fast enough in
order to to defend and keep up with it.
Why do these companies have such low
multiples? Why won't the market give
them their credit? Why don't they have a
higher multiple like Nvidia? I mean,
Nvidia is the same thing, right? Nvidia
is another company that's so intrinsic
to the AI infrastructure buildout.
Here's the problem with Micron and
Sandis and other companies like them. At
the end of the day, they're still a
commodity. What do I mean by a
commodity? What I mean is they don't
have any special moat. They don't have
anything that sets them apart. They are
not anything that can't be produced.
They have serious competition. What they
are traded on right now, the reason
they're being bit up is just because
they have a supply demand issue. It's
not a technological
prowess that they have on the market.
Once supply catches up to demand, which
it will, it always has. This time is not
different. Once that happens, that means
that the stocks will rerate down. the
stocks will come back down to earth. And
that is what the market is anticipating.
The market's saying, "We've seen this
story before. We're not going to give
you these big multiples because we know
that once supply catches up with demand,
we've seen this story too many times. We
saw in 2020, we saw in 2018, we've seen
it in 2013, on and on. We've seen this
before. We understand what happens.
Sure, supply and demand. We get it.
There's not enough supply, lots of
demand, but eventually that catches up.
We saw with COVID too, right? And and
everything else. Eggs, toilet paper, you
name it. There's nothing special about
eggs. There's nothing special about
toilet paper. I mean, maybe got, you
know, triple ply. Maybe there's
something special there. But jokes
aside, everyone can buy toilet paper
from anywhere. Once supply catches up to
demand, guess what? Toilet paper comes
back down to normal pricing. Eggs come
back down to normal pricing. And guess
what? Memory chips and storage devices
will come back down to normal pricing.
And that is what the market is pricing
in. The market is a lot smarter than you
may give it credit for. I bring this up
just to caution people. This may not
happen for another five years. I have no
idea. I'm not claiming to. What I am
claiming is that they are not Nvidia.
See, Nvidia has a moat. Nvidia has a
special sauce. They have CUDA, right?
This is special software to make all the
servers and GPUs work in a certain way.
They have their process on how they
design their chips, their R&amp;D. They also
don't have the overhead of a micron
SanDisk when it comes to manufacturing.
You see, Nvidia designs their GPUs and
sends them out to TSMC, Taiwan
Semiconductor, to build them. And Taiwan
Semiconductor,
they're tasked with having the factories
and the buildout. Nvidia doesn't have to
have any of that cost. Micron and
Sandis, they actually do the
manufacturing. They they build their own
products. So, they also have heavy
capital expenditures just internally as
a company. Nvidia doesn't. Nvidia has a
moat when it comes to software to design
to proprietary technology. They are in
demand because of how good their
products are. Not because there is just
a lack of supply to fill the demand.
Nvidia also has that but they have the
mo of the technology the software and
intellectual property. Sandis Micron
cannot say the same. That is why their
multiple is not decreased. It's not
depressed. It's not understated. It's
actually accurate. Now, can this change?
Sure. Can something dramatically change
that all of a sudden we say, "Hey, this
time is difference. Here's the proof.
XYZ." Sure, that could happen. However,
I'm not willing to be betting on that.
Now, again, I'm not telling you don't
trade it. I'm not telling you don't
invest in it. I'm just trying to paint a
picture, give you the steel man, and why
I think you should just be careful.
Treat these stocks with respect. Now,
let's talk about two stocks that I think
the market has been punishing and have a
lot of opportunity for upside, but not
quite yet. So, the two are Meta and
Palanteer. Again, these are two names
that the market has been beating up.
Now, Palanteer just reported insane
earnings, insane growth, and they got
punished really because they failed to
meet the streets expectation on their
commercial division. I think they missed
it by like $6 million, something like
that. Something crazy small like that.
Meanwhile, their business, I believe,
was up 80% year-over-year. And their
CEO, Alex Karp, is forecasting for 100%
growth in the company next year. And
this is on top of growth numbers of 80
90% already for the past quarter. They
are a juggernaut. And I think the market
is missing what's happening with them
because the market is punishing software
companies. But that tells me that the
market doesn't understand what Palanteer
does. They don't understand what's
special about Palunteer. Palanteer is an
NF1 company much like Tesla with
Autonomy's NF1. The market will
recognize this sooner and later. And
this is why I'm keeping an eye out on
Palanteer right now. Why I'm actually
looking to acquire more shares and I'm
doing that by selling puts, aggressive
puts so that I can be assigned the
stock. So I'll let you know. I'll keep
you updated on how this plays out. I
believe that Palunteer is right now at a
place where I want to accumulate. I want
to see this upside potential in
Palunteer that I think will be coming.
The other stock that I'm keeping an eye
out on is Meta. Meta is another one
that's getting punished by the stock
market. Why? Because they didn't have
great numbers? No, they did. They had
fantastic numbers once again, but
because they are increasing their capex
and the market doesn't think that they
are seeing ROI on their investments when
it comes to AI. The market's wrong. How
do I know the market's wrong? Well,
because Meta is showing insane
profitability when it comes to their
advertisement, their ads. See, their ads
business is the only company in the
world right now that you can say is
actually making meaningful profits when
it comes to AI that isn't a physical
object. That's not a server, that's not
a GPU, that's not memory, that's not
storage. They're the only ones.
Anthropic's not, OpenAI is not, Tesla's
not, XAI is not. It's only meta. How are
they doing it? because they are using AI
to better target individuals and to make
it easier to build ads and to help
people get a better ROI on their ad
spend. This is creating a virtuous cycle
where people want to spend even more
money on ads because the return they're
gaining on it just makes sense. This is
a highly misunderstood part of Meta and
I think the market will recognize this
and they will wake up to this and I
think soon. I don't think that this
selloff that we've seen in Meta will
last by any means and I think we will
see Meta back in the 700s and 800s
sooner than later. Keep an eye out for
them. Lastly, as I promised, one stock
that I think has woken up again, I'm not
talking about Tesla this time. Damn it
if it does not look just like Tesla
right now. It is setting up for a
structural breakout. It is set up for
everything you want to see from a m
momentum perspective to go much, much
higher. Now, will it? I don't know. I
can never tell you if it will or won't.
I can just tell you what I see, what the
market's telling us, and I just listen
to the market and I react to the market.
Right now, the market is saying, "Hey,
Nvidia, good morning from your
hibernation. You've had a nice six,
sevenmonth rest. It is time for you to
get going." And I think it's happening.
To be fully transparent, I've had Leaps
on Nvidia for about 6 to 7 months. We
had the same type of setup back when I
first bought these Leaps and that's why
I bought them. And it took all the way
up until now for me to actually see any
kind of profit on them. So I closed them
out this past week. Well, Nick, why'd
you close them out if you're also
telling us that there's about to be a
breakout? Great question. Well, because
the LEAPS expire in August and so since
they expire in August, I want to get out
of them so I don't start getting hit by
time decay. I was able to get a little
bit of profit out of them. So, I want to
go ahead and get out. I'm also switching
my style up here. instead of buying
leaps on them, I'm going to acquire
shares and I'm going to acquire
aggressive amount of shares. So, I'm
selling very aggressive puts on them.
And when I sell these puts, the idea is
to receive a lot of premium and to
hopefully get assigned on the stock. I
think Nvidia is about to have a breakout
and I don't want to miss it. And I don't
want to just get chump change on it when
it comes to buying LEAPS. And more
importantly, I don't want to risk having
another six to seven months of having to
be patient on the leaps to play out. At
this point, I have so much cash in here,
I might as well just put it to work. And
so, that's what I'm going to do. To wrap
this up, I just want to say happy
Mother's Day to all the mothers out
there. I think one of the best things
about this life is to be able to get
married and have a a child of your own.
Um, it's definitely been a profound
change in my life. Uh, I see things
differently. I work differently. My
perception of life is different. And
literally any cliche you could think of
has just panned out to be true. Um, you
know, the funniest thing is I used to
think I knew what it meant to be tired.
Um, and now it's like when I'm arguably
should be the most tired I've ever been.
I'm the most energized I've ever been. I
have like hit to another level of gear
that I didn't know was possible and it
drives me. A lot of you ask like, "Man,
how do you do so much?" Well, that's
why. Have a kid and you'll do more than
you thought you could. So to all the
mothers out there, happy Mother's Day.
Thank you for all you do. Without you,
none of us are here. And to my wife,
happy Mother's Day to you. Hope you guys
all have a great week. Trade small,
trade often, and be careful those cover
calls. Cheers.