Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Earnings Call Confused Investors? Here’s Why!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZLgSgpzcSw
Published:   2026-04-23 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Tesla's earnings deck was received
with fanfare, the actual earnings call
turned off a lot of investors. Today,
we'll relisten to some of the big
statements Elon Musk made about the most
important topics: CyberCap, FSD, and
Roboaxi. Tesla announced the Cybercap
has started production, it is on track
for volume production this year. They
also confirmed that once in production,
they expect the CyberCap to replace the
existing Model Y fleet and will be the
largest volume vehicle in the fleet over
time. Tesla had good news about full
self-driving, saying that more
subscriptions and increased usage with
29 million miles driven per day, double
what it was just a couple months ago.
Most importantly, Elon confirmed FSE
version 15 will run on AI4 cars, and
that version will hopefully be here by
the end of this year. For robo taxi, he
said he expects to see it operating in a
dozen or so states by the end of the
year. And crucially, it's not about
safety anymore. It's about operations.
The big debate though was whether the
roll out of robo taxi to go wider scale
has been delayed or whether Elon was
referring to global scale of
unsupervised FSD. We'll discuss that
today with Brian White. He's one of our
only true Tesla journalists. Check out
his YouTube channel, Fusza, for
exclusive onground factory tours and
interviews. Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. What a busy week it's
been. I'm so glad you crushed it on the
earnings call today. I know that takes a
lot out of you. So, thank you for doing
that for us. Yeah, we're recording this
late at night after the earnings call.
Still fresh in our minds. I got together
a bunch of the clips. We want to listen
directly, relisten to what Elon said
because that's one of the complaints
people have is when I heard it, I heard
something slightly different than what
other people heard. And uh people were
pretty negative about the earnings call
itself. But uh here's some of the facts.
Uh they did announce yesterday that the
uh cybercap production starts at Giga
Texas. Here's a photo uh that they
shared. Cybercap is in production. Uh he
also said so let's get started with this
uh before we actually no go ahead. I'm
going to go ahead and play. Let's talk
CyberCap first and then we'll get to uh
Robo Taxi.
&gt;&gt; We have just started production of Cyber
Cabab and we'll begin production of our
semitr soon. Now I should say whenever
you have a new product with with with a
completely new supply chain new
everything it's always a stretched out
scurve so you should expect that initial
production of cyber cab and semi will be
very slow but then ramping up and going
kind of exponential towards the end of
the year and certainly next year
and in fact we'll be ramping up
production of all vehicles and all
factories to the best of our ability
through the balance of this year. Okay.
So, what was your thoughts on what you
heard there, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Well, what I'm thinking is that makes
sense. All of that makes sense. CyberCAB
has entered production, but uh even
though they don't require very many
batteries, they could the batteries are
not the bottleneck. The production is
not the bottleneck. We want it to be
done safely. He's going to address that
more, I'm sure, later in your comments,
but in case he's not, uh, that's
something they want to address very
slowly and carefully. And I am
absolutely at peace with that. Uh, with
semi, we don't know what the bottleneck
is. Right now, the bottleneck is hasn't
started production. They've got some of
the pieces of the puzzle remaining. Uh,
but once they do, they can't just open
the floodgates the way they did with
Model 3 or Model Y when production began
in Shanghai. Those were floodgates. But
those were vehicles they knew how to
make and they had all of the pieces they
needed or knew where to get them. In the
early days, it was uh not much local as
a manufacturing for the parts and they
quickly localized all of it. They did it
very well. Tomju is a a real wizard when
it comes to putting pieces together like
that in Shanghai. So, what we've got is
uh yes, there will be a slow ramp on the
semi. It is validated. As far as I can
tell, it has enough road miles that they
are confident they are ready to go with
this. But each one takes, you know, 10
12 cars worth of batteries. So, uh
getting enough batteries out of the 4680
line could be a remaining challenge. Uh
but there are uh plenty of customers
waiting to get this. It is at the prices
we have seen them uh committing them the
cheapest electric semi half as cheap as
some of the others and uh not quite half
maybe 40% off uh the rest. It's a heck
of a bargain. It'll move.
&gt;&gt; And this was actually the words that
they used in the actual um deck itself.
They said this uh Cyber Cab, Tesla Semi,
and Mega Pac 3 are on schedule for
volume production starting in 2026. This
year, first generation production lines
for Optimus are being installed in
anticipation of volume production. So,
that's good. And then in terms of
CyberCab, this was a kind of a a great
confirmation that once in production, we
expect the CyberCab will begin to
replace the existing Model Y fleet and
will be the largest vehicle in the fleet
over time. So that was very good to hear
that, right? So that is so one of the
big debates we'll talk about today is
whether or not Roboaxi was delayed or
not. will listen to what he Elon
actually said. But if the cyber cab's on
production, if it's going to replace the
Model Y fleet, you're going to have
hundreds if not a thousand unsupervised
robo taxis by the end of this year. Even
when they start the ramp, when it's
painfully slow to us, it will still be
out selling a number of its competitors.
That's another thing to look at. You'll
sometimes see, oh, Ford had a great
month with this unit or or
take your pick of the competitors and
you go, "Yeah, but that's like three
days of Model Y. I don't know how
excited I'm supposed to get." The Cyber
Cab and the Semi are the two biggest
vehicles Tesla's ever made. One by
units, the other by sheer volume. Just
by the mass of it, it's big. Uh, so this
is exciting to me. He also uh confirmed
didn't he a few times that uh the cyber
cab is the future. 90% of all vehicles
will be cyber cabs and everything will
be pretty well autonomous. The only
vehicle that wouldn't would be drivable
is the roadster is he said eventually
&gt;&gt; and he's been saying that for a while
but it's becoming clearer to us. It's
becoming clearer to the analysts. Some
of the analyst notes we've seen over the
past couple weeks have indicated that
they're starting to get it.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk uh robo taxi. This is it.
That's the big one. Uh Elon, on what
milestones Tesla's targeting for
unsupervised FSD and robo taxi expansion
beyond Austin this year? Let's listen to
what he said.
&gt;&gt; Unsupervised FSD or SLRO taxi operating,
you know, in I don't know a dozen or so
states by the end of this year.
Initially, you know, we're taking a very
cautious approach to the roll out here.
like we we haven't had any injuries and
certainly no fatalities to date with the
unsupervised FSD and rover taxi
expansion. We want to keep it that way.
And so
I think probably
unsupervised FSD or rover taxi revenue
will not be super material this year,
but I do think it will be material.
It'll be material probably in a
significant way next year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the next clip is where he
there's a there's that uh debate amongst
the Tesla investors uh the panel I've
had here what they heard. But before we
get to this next clip, what did you hear
here? He said first of all say it's
safe. We've had no injuries so far. But
he also said it will not be super
material this year. But I don't know. I
mean that's what I understood. I never
expected that it was going to be
material this year. He's already said
that before. And then he said a dozen or
so states by the end of this year. So,
&gt;&gt; so what I heard was I mean I heard the
same thing. What I heard is uh no matter
how much money we bring in this year,
it's not going to offset the costs that
we have put into it to build out the
infrastructure, the framework, u the all
the costs to date for supervising and
insurance and whatnot. A lot of revenue
will be required to offset that. We're
not going to see the money bomb until
next year. And yeah, all of these
pieces, as far as I can see, fit
together. And in terms of the timeline,
uh, this is, you know, you and I were at
the shareholder meeting. Elon said all
those cities, all those states by the
end of 25. And I said, um, I I'll just
be happy when they come because that was
like, no, that was like immediate. That
was very, very quickly. It would need to
happen. Um if we get to the targets that
were uh announced for the end of 25 by
the end of 26 maybe Q3 I think that
would be still be fantastic progress.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Okay. So you you heard what I heard
there too. So some of that is good. Uh
the part that could be negative is uh we
won't be materially you know impactful
&gt;&gt; impacting the bottom line until next
year.
&gt;&gt; Uh but again it's like I don't know
that's what I understood. I didn't hear
that as bad news uh per se. So, this is
a statement that they had on the deck.
They said, "We're excited about Tesla's
positioning in 2026 with tailwinds
persisting for auto business, our
continued progress in FSE supervised,
the ramp of robo taxi, and in progress
of optimist ahead of mass production and
growth of our energy." So, they're very
bullish about what will happen 2026. But
I I just wanted to point out that they
actually put in the ramp of robo taxi,
you know, about what that's going to do.
This is a uh table that we've been
seeing so far. Safety driver, of course,
ramping unsupervised, unsupervised,
unsupervised, and these are preparation
in the way. So, it looks like that's
still the case. So, let's listen in to
this clip of Elon and listen to what he
says because some people think that it
means that robo taxi has been delayed.
Let's debate that. 14.3 is is the last
piece of the puzzle for unsupervised
FSD. Now the question is like degrees of
safety like how safety and convenience I
suppose we have a lot of known
improvements like major architectural
improvements that we know would improve
the probability of safety significantly.
So
I think it's not going to make sense for
us to deploy
unsupervised FSD or robo taxi at large
scale when we we know that there are
major architectural improvements to the
software that can improve safety. So I
think we're going to want to finish
writing that software validate it and
release it before going to large scale
unsupervised FSD
depending on what large scale means.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you heard what he said.
Depending on what large scale means? Now
if you I just realized this. Okay,
listen again to what he said. He was
asked the question is version 14.3 the
one that we're all you know a lot of
people are getting now. Is that the last
piece of the puzzle? What he said was no
it is but it's not. There's going to be
another version that we're going to have
to create that's going to be known
architecture improvement which has much
more safety levels. That's the one that
we'll need to use for large very large
scale. Some people took that statement
and said, "Oh, that means Robo Taxi is
not going to be available at all until
the end of the year."
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's crazy talk. That is
absolutely crazy talk. I I don't see it
that way. Uh I see it as just like
anything. There are people who are
telling me FSD will never happen. And
I'm saying I have it. I've driven
thousands of miles since version 14 uh
with tremendous success. And for anyone
who doesn't remember, I was the one who
said version 11 was trying to kill me.
Uh but uh version 12 was better, version
13 was better, and version 14 has been
close, so close to perfect uh that all I
can complain about is sometimes the
routing navigation or which end of a
Walmart it thinks I need to be dropped
off at, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh 14.3
is very good. Uh 14.2, 2 which I am on
is you know so close to
so close to a comfort level to go to
sleep that it's ridiculous. Uh so I
don't see that. I did want to address a
few slides ago you mentioned automotive
tailwinds and I wanted to give a little
bit of encouragement to folks saying
well I don't even know what that means.
Is it true? We're at what 27 days of
inventory right now. You know when would
be a good time to have 27 days close to
Tesla's all-time high number of days of
inventory when global gas prices go
through the roof and people want to buy
a car as quick as possible. So this to
me is very good timing for such a
terrible uh disaster globally uh to be
in the right place at the right time
with inventory that can help people get
back on track, help people people who
are needing a car right now anyway,
they've got a very easy choice that's
going to save them money over the long
term. In the UK, uh I electric vehicles
are already below the cost of petrol
alternatives. This can be a no-brainer.
Uh, so this is fortunate timing in an
unfortunate time.
&gt;&gt; Tailwinds for car sales. Uh, but okay.
So, robo taxi, he said 12 states, not
cities, 12 states. Um, he was referring
to 14.3
before it go global scale. So, there
will be another version. Now, the
question is are we talking 14.3,
4 or we talking about 15?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But 15
&gt;&gt; interesting that he skipped right past
14, but uh
&gt;&gt; I
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. Interesting that uh we
he skipped past all the later 14s. It's
going to go 143 straight to 15. And
maybe
&gt;&gt; he didn't say 15 is, you know, what we
need. He just said that, right? We need
another version before it goes scale.
&gt;&gt; And I don't know what's missing. I can't
see behind that curtain. There are
people whose job it is to remotely
oversee the herd. I don't know what
those shepherds are doing. I don't know
how involved that job is, but Tesla
does. So, they can see what
&gt;&gt; he explained.
&gt;&gt; He said it's not safety. It's
&gt;&gt; right. Well, what is what is the ratio?
What is the ratio of drivers to
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, the infinite loop issue they
want to solve the sometimes it's just
sitting there instead of like he told
the story of the bus that was had an
accident with a whim sitting on the left
lantern and all the Teslas were sitting
there not doing anything.
&gt;&gt; They need to have decisions to do
something to get out of that. That's the
kind of things.
&gt;&gt; All right, we'll come back to it. Let's
talk FSD. Tesla again updated its FSD
miles tracker because good news looks
like that FSD has a is being adopted
more and people are driving it more.
Tesla fleet is now driving an average of
28.8 million miles per day on FSE up
from 14.4. That's double just a couple
months ago. That's a,000 miles every 3
seconds people driving FSD. Uh CERN put
together this incremental FSE take rate
now over 50%.
Now this is um
all car uh so what I can't remember what
what his definition was change in active
FSD subscriptions over incremental
deliveries this is in the last quarter.
&gt;&gt; Oh I see. So he's saying that even
though they only sold a small number of
cars the jump in subscribers was
substantial.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that tracks with my experience. I
know a lot of people who are um and this
number by the way excludes free trials.
&gt;&gt; So it's not just that it's a bunch of
people on their paid 30 days of of free.
&gt;&gt; Uh this is huge. The change in
subscriptions last month uh last quarter
over this quarter was $170,000
to the upside. So that's 16.8 million a
month. That's 50 million a quarter in
extra revenue just on the increase. Not
in total. The total, and it's harder to
calculate because it includes those who
paid upfront, is would be $375 million a
quarter in essentially pure margin. It's
uh has no marginal cost. They this is
research and development they are
conducting. Anyhow, you can start to see
the flywheel of cash begin to spin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you said earlier, you and I
are using FSE version 14.2.
And some people are in.3 now and it's so
good already and then they're just keep
making it better. But we've hit that
point where people who try it stay it
and
&gt;&gt; they'll use it the whole time,
&gt;&gt; you know.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. My drive to California was in
excess of 98%. And that's because and
the only reason it wasn't 100 is because
uh it doesn't do drive-thrus and
sometimes I need to figure out where I'm
going and where I don't know what I want
to navigate to. And then of course I got
to pick my own parking spot. I'm a human
that way. Okay. A few more things that
they confirmed. Uh they confirmed that
FSE version 15 will run on AI4.
&gt;&gt; He did talk about an AI4 Plus version,
but that won't come until next year. So
the point is anybody who buys a car
today has AI4 and it's good enough to
run FSE version 15. We will will have
which he says will might come by the end
of this year. We have a big pipeline of
major improvements to FSE that will lead
to unsupervised FSE anywhere in the
world that is legal to do so. So 15
sounds like that that is unsupervised
FSE anywhere in the world. We have FS15.
Hopefully by the end of this year, that
will be a complete overall
overhaul of the software architecture.
At that point, we're really just
increasing the safety level of FSD.
Can't wait. That's what we need to see.
I know a number of buyers who are
hesitant to buy because I really want
the next AI. Well, we've been told, it's
been confirmed that AI uh 5 is not going
straight to cars. It's going to start
with Optimus. It may be quite some time
before you get it. And more than once
we've been told you don't need it. And I
know that was said about all the
previous hardwares. Uh but when we're
this close to the finish line, we can
see it. I I do believe that we are uh
that we have a sufficient compute in
AI4.
&gt;&gt; It's all good news. Okay. So because
because that's the other concern, right?
That oh AI4 is not good enough for
unsupervised. We all have to go and get
AI5. And that's not the case. So that
was good news.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let's talk hardware three. So he
did. So like what does he what do you
call this Brian? A sandwich.
Bad news. Good news. Good news.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. So the bad news is that
Hardware 3 can't achieve unsupervised.
But the good news is they're going to
offer two things. One is you can get a
discounted tradein for cars that have
AI4. They didn't they didn't say what it
is, but they'll say, "Okay, if you want
to upgrade to a new car, an AI4 car,
we'll give you a discounted tradein."
and also offering the ability to upgrade
the car's computer and cameras. So that
sounds like if you have a hardware 3
car, they will say, "Okay, we're going
to we're going to go and upgrade your
computer, but we also have to do
cameras, too." And he said, "We have to
set up microactories in major metro
areas." Let's listen to what he actually
said here. you know, for for customers
that have bought FSD,
what we're offering is essentially a
trade in like a discounted trade in for
cars that have AI4 hardware and and and
we'll also be offering the ability to
upgrade the car to replace the computer
and you also need to replace the cameras
unfortunately to go to hardware for. So
to do this efficiently, we're we're
going to have to set up like kind of
micro factories or small factories in
major metropolitan areas in order to do
it efficiently. If it's because if it's
done just at at the service center, it's
it it is extremely slow to do so and
inefficient. So we we basically need
like many production lines to to make
the change. And I I do think over time
it's going to make sense for us to
convert all hardware three cars to
hardware 4 because that's what enables
them to uh enter the robo taxi fleet and
have unsupervised FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so my thoughts on that are uh
it's painful, it's unfortunate, but uh
deals a deal. And if you are doing it at
a service center, it is going to be a
pain. It is going to be cost
prohibitive. But if you can rent a small
facility for a month or three or four
and do it assembly line style where
you're doing the same change over and
over, it gets very efficient and it gets
very cheap. Uh so this would be the sort
of thing where you know it could be as
low as a few hundred bucks at cost. uh
maybe a thousand if you include the cost
of AI4, but the hardware chip is years
in production. It's probably gotten
quite affordable. So, I can see this
being cost effective. Uh, and if you
didn't purchase a uh FSD, you were only
renting it, maybe there's a
consideration for how long you've been
paying or maybe you get a credit.
&gt;&gt; You know, if you if you uh update the
hardware, you get six months of uh you
pay for six months of the whatever the
cost is that becomes free FSD for that
period of time. There's a bunch of ways
you could do it. I don't know what the
plan is. I'm not sure they know yet, but
I think this is very encouraging news.
What I didn't see that I kind of wanted
to see was if you paid for it, you can
trade it. You can still transfer. Uh
that would be
&gt;&gt; That's what he said. No, he said that.
&gt;&gt; No, he he said he'll give you a discount
on your on your new purchase. He didn't.
&gt;&gt; I guess I assume that that's what that
is. You get a discount and of course you
can transfer it. Yeah, I hope so. Yeah,
he did he did I think before clarify
that this is only for people who had
bought FSE outright. It wouldn't be for
people with subscription,
&gt;&gt; but he did say I could see everyone
doing this, every car getting this. So I
think there would be a path to an
affordable
&gt;&gt; upgrade, right? A regular even if you
did not buy subs FSE, they still want to
turn your car into a robo taxi because
it's still worth it for them. So they
might just go ahead and say even if you
didn't buy it, go in and we'll upgrade
the cameras. Yeah. Yeah, I get I I I can
see that.
&gt;&gt; Pay pay us $800. We'll give you the
eight months free FSD. Even Stephen,
let's go.
&gt;&gt; I think first of all, this sounds really
good news. I I don't know. I I haven't
actually talked to anybody to tell me
it's bad news, but let's let's walk me
through here. Okay, so first um they did
say that there will still be FSE version
14 light that will be released. He said
June, right? June. So that's end of
June. It's now April, May, June. 2
months from now, all hardware 3 cars
will get FSE version 14 light. Uh I have
one of my my daughter has Tesla Model 3
with this FS hardware 3. So she's going
to have 14 light. And the way Ashok
explained it was that it sounded like
it's going to be very basically
pointtooint just like our version 14. It
should do most of it.
&gt;&gt; And then you have this ability to trade
in the car to get AI4 or they'll replace
it. So,
it sounds to me that they've kept their
promise and it's going to be fine. I
mean, obviously people are pissed
because it's taken so long that I get I
agree. It's it's years.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; But,
&gt;&gt; yeah, they're going to do both, you
know.
&gt;&gt; And I would say 14 light is supervised.
That's the difference. uh if you don't
want to go in, if you don't want to
hassle with it, uh if you don't want to
unsupervise, there are people who say,
"I couldn't dream of taking my eyes off
the road that long." Great. 14 light it
is. But but so anyway, my whole point
was people who bought the Harbor 3 cars
like I did and I'm going to be able to
replace it. We're going to upgrade it
and it's going to be able to be put into
robo taxi. That was the whole point
&gt;&gt; to make money out of this. you have been
made whole or will be made whole and the
cost to do so is not prohibitive to a
company the size of Tesla
&gt;&gt; if I'm going to make money. Yeah. Or or
I say the cost to Tesla. Yeah. They'll
have to bite the bullet. Okay. So that
was uh hardware three cars. And then he
also said this about um AI5 won't go
into cars soon because AI4 will achieve
unsupervised FSE. That's the most
important thing. uh at some point it
will make sense to switch to A5 in the
car but there's not a pressing issue to
do so okay that is very good news so
it's just AI4 alone will hit the safety
levels that we want um and but you know
at some point you we we are there will
be an AI4 plus he called it uh it's
going to have a more RAM it'll have 16
gig to 32 GB which means 64 GB with the
dual probably a 10% increase in compute
that will go into production middle
2027. So sometime next year, there will
be an AI4 Plus based on Samsung's
ability to create this. So good.
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, that's this confirms a lot
of what we knew or thought we knew and
fills in the gaps on what we didn't to
me. Uh I didn't have an opportunity to
listen live. I was at an event uh today
at Electric Era Charging. They were
rolling out some new stuff and uh but I
uh caught I read the transcript. I
watched the I looked at through all the
financials and I didn't hear the tone.
So I was not clear
&gt;&gt; on on how it was being interpreted.
&gt;&gt; So I came away with a very bright uh
impression of it. I was very pleased
with it.
&gt;&gt; So I was not subject to the tone of
voice penalty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Make sure. Exactly. Um so that so
I asked the question prior to the actual
earnings call the actual call I asked
the panel six people I said what is the
most important metric right and they all
agreed that it's robo taxi rollout
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; then after the call they listened to the
tone and they were very upset almost all
of them that it was negative it was
downer when you know it was just a bad
call okay But I came back and I said,
"Well, but what did you hear about robo
taxi?" As far as I heard, I did not hear
that it was delayed. And that's why I
wanted to walk with you, you know, clip
by clip to hear it. 12 states 14.3 may
not go wide, but there's a version after
that that will. Now, the question is,
did you hear them say that we need to
wait till for 15, which won't come until
the end of the year before you go wide?
But then I say, well then, but they're
making cyber cabs and cyber capab's
going to replace the Model Y's. Well,
that's coming out, you know, as hundreds
at a time per week for the first month,
200, 500, a thousand. You're going to
have thousands of them. So, you're not
like having to wait till 15 before
you're going to roll out wide. I think
it's all about your definition of scale.
Well, I would have sought clarity in the
investor questions, but I don't think I
would have gotten enough up votes on say
for what do you define as wide? It would
have come across as too vague. Uh, so
it's one of my curses as a time
traveler. I cannot disclose too much. I
do believe that that going into 12
states is pretty wide, but I suspect by
wide he means uh Cheyenne, Wyoming. I I
assume he means
&gt;&gt; that's what I meant too. Exactly. Uh and
also the way I interpret it was 14.3 is
not good enough. That's why you're
seeing one car twos. There needs to be a
new another version and that's the part
that he didn't explain. And then so it's
either that explanation or the
explanation like before you go to 12
cities or the other explanation is what
you're saying which is my initial
explanation which was uh interpretation
which is there's 12 states and then
before we go wide like global and go go
that will require 15
&gt;&gt; maybe I don't know.
Okay. Wow. Thank you for walking me
through all of that. That was important.
This is FSD. This is CyberCap. This is
robo taxi. That's the most important
thing that you need to be following
right now for Tesla investors. Right.
So,
&gt;&gt; well, I'm glad I could help you,
Herbert. It's uh it's you know, I do my
best.
&gt;&gt; You're the best. Follow Brian at his
channel, Futurasa. Thanks, everybody.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.