Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Latest Tesla Semi Developments
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5h76UHjc4Y
Published:   2026-06-17 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-17 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Giga Eye West time once again. Yes, we
have new footage. Yes, we're going to
look at it. And yes, it's exciting.
Well, to people like me, to people who
followed the engineering, to people who
are excited for the semi story and get
it. People like uh I don't know, maybe
Mark from the Tesla life, he is joining
us once again under duress. Uh it is not
optional for him to attend. And this
week, unfortunately, comments also
mandatory. Guys, I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
So, uh, Mark, I don't know if you heard
the good news. You were listening to my
intro and you saw the show notes. Yes,
we have fresh footage from Zangler.
Please go follow him. Uh, give him a
subscribe, give him a like, uh, join the
channel. You can join him on X, you can
join him on uh, YouTube, and I think you
can join him on Patreon. I'm not sure
all the ways, but he needs the love and
support. That's how we get our footage.
I don't play the footage famously, but I
uh show the stills and if you want the
footage, people said, "Brian, just show
the footage." No, go check it out.
That's what we do. If we don't support
Zangler, Zangler won't remain. So,
please visit his site, give him a check
mark, and do him a favor by giving him a
follow.
&gt;&gt; Well, I just want to get all of my news
by by googling it and then not clicking
on the actual source. Guys, those
sources are dying because you don't go
to the source. So, uh, what's coming up,
man? Did you know, uh, Fourth of July
weekend, July 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, Lake
Sakawa Park in Long View, Washington, we
big festival, including a 3-day, uh,
booth. We're going to have a booth here.
Look at this. OEVA member and YouTuber
Brian lives nearby and will be manning
the booth. This is what a bunch of the
booths look like. This is what our
specific booth will look like. And if
you and if you wanna have some fun with
it, uh we're also going to be uh they've
got what do they have? They've got uh
lumberjack show. They've got um it's all
it's your cardboard boat riata, a
parade, food eating contest. Didn't know
about that.
There's like over a dozen food trucks.
Tens of thousands of people attend this
live music. It's a whole lot of fun.
Join us, won't you? And if you are one
of those people who enjoys me for the
comedy, well, I'm going to be appearing
in a play July 10th through 26th here in
Long View. Three banditos and a baby.
Yeah, that's right. I play the sheriff.
Uh so join us for the fun. Tickets on
sale now. And I've got a I think it's uh
SW15 is the coupon code I am allowed to
give you for 15% off. Join us. Join us.
Mark, why aren't you joining us? Does it
give me 50% off the airflight as well?
&gt;&gt; It does not. I just checked and it does
not. So, what we've got going on here is
this excitement. Zangler's back on the
ground and in the air. Uh, what do you
see out front there?
&gt;&gt; We see more of Zangler's POS's or piles
of stuff.
&gt;&gt; He loves pointing out the piles of
stuff. And we can see they've got, you
know, a lot of stuff backed up to the
doors. That's a good sign. those are
used as uh warehousing. Uh so that is
something to keep out uh track of. One
thing I also noticed just a hair later
is uh this part of the POS area. What do
you suppose this little tidy area means?
&gt;&gt; It's fenced in. Um so obviously it's
something that's of value, I would say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, fenced in and orderly. It doesn't
look like a a pile of stuff. It looks
like stuff.
&gt;&gt; Real stuff. Yeah. actual valuable good
good stuff. Uh valuable um over here by
the employee area. What do you what do
you notice about the types of cars that
we see here?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh it's a variety of cars. So,
you've got um it looks like you've got a
number of uh pickups, uh vans, um few
Teslas spattered here and there, but um
the number of Tesla seems to be growing,
but in this particular section, it it's
a variety.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, it's not all pickup trucks. I
see two motorcycles in there. What would
all pickup trucks mean?
&gt;&gt; Typically contractors, uh people that
are working uh installing the line, uh
doing testing, things of that nature.
And uh when you see a variety of
vehicles,
especially motorcycles, that's typically
employees.
&gt;&gt; That's got to be employees. The next one
I noticed out here was I noticed the
next one Zangler noticed is uh this uh
flatbed. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; This is a Gen One. You can tell by how
far back into the cab the window design
goes. Uh the newer one ends sooner, so
they can make the short or longer
version uh without having to modify the
cab. Is it Is it in use? Is it doing
useful stuff? Can't really tell from
here, I suppose. Huh.
&gt;&gt; No, but uh there were other photos of it
and it was doing useful things. It was
shuttling
garbage around. Well, we'll get to that
because it is in the video. You're doing
fine, man. You're doing fine. Don't
worry. So, Zangler wanted to know at
3:44 in the video, what are these? Why
they're clearly racks of some sort?
They're clearly metal. We do get a
closer in view here. And my answer to
that is I think this is how they move
the battery packs over because if you
look, there are forklift holes which are
clearly marked. so the forklift operator
can find them easier. And they're very
heavy. They're very They're metal.
They're real heavy. Uh thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tubular steel, um box steel,
&gt;&gt; so it's it's designed to hold a lot of
weight.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yes. And the size of it is larger
than a pallet. More than twice the size.
Roughly twice the size of a typical
pallet. So I think I mean they're
they're pallets, but for what? The only
thing I can think of that's that size
and weight is the battery.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense.
&gt;&gt; We'll find out later. It kind of doesn't
matter. Now, uh, one thing Zangler was
looking for in the footage was progress
over here. Uh, this is, uh, of course
the entryway. And, uh, fun fact, do you
know the origin of the term entryway?
&gt;&gt; No. What's the term entryway mean?
&gt;&gt; It's from the pig Latin word,
uh, which means, uh, it's where they
went. So, I'm pretty sure that's right.
I uh just have caused bodily harm to
Mark with that joke. Uh which is a thing
that happens from time to time. Uh this
corner of the parking lot, do you notice
anything different about it from a year
ago? We are at the southeast corner of
the parking area.
&gt;&gt; You do have the installation of um on
the left hand side. Uh there is there is
uh level two charging uh down the center
of that one parking lot. But we've seen
that before, but I don't think that's
what you're getting at. Um
&gt;&gt; what I'm getting at is this used to be
the ocean of equipment that they were
hauling in and now it's just parking.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's great. We do see more
motorcycles. We still see some trucks,
but we see a lot of cars. I mean, these
are these are people who work here every
day. Some of them could still be
contractors, but there is not the number
of trucks I would expect. Uh, now I
don't know the cargo capacity of those
motorcycles. I suppose I shouldn't
assume too much.
&gt;&gt; Carpool motorcycles, of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Over here in this
section, we've got uh some cabs. Uh some
partially finished cab stamped out cab
pieces.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, not body and white, body in
black. Um, that's kind of interesting
that it's that it's uh painted black.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I don't know what that means. I uh
suppose I could look that up for next
week if anyone's interested. Uh, and
then we've got right here.
&gt;&gt; I mean, what's that? We know what that
is.
&gt;&gt; Those are pool liners for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that's right. That those divide the
lanes so you can do your laps without
&gt;&gt; That's right. splashing into
&gt;&gt; the other people.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you mean the trucks? The trucks.
Okay. All right. So, we got six uh six
trucks there. Two long caps and four
small caps.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, those all new. All new.
&gt;&gt; Like you can tell by the light bar.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. The headlight bar runs all the way
across. That's how you can tell Atlas
from Arcus, the two project names. Uh,
and the shorter cab likely designates
that as a standard range rather than a
long range. And some people have called
it the short range, but I am of the
opinion, and this is not based on
anything I know, but something I
speculate, that they might make a short
range version for ports because uh the
long range has three big battery
modules, the standard range has two. If
you can get down to one without a
voltage problem, I don't see why you
couldn't have a 100 mile range version
for the ports.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely.
&gt;&gt; And if there's a battery shortage, but a
surplus of orders, we can do that. The
margin would be better anyway. So,
that's pretty cool. So, for this week's
Wrong Answer Only, now if you're new
here, we have a section called Wrong
Answers Only, where we ask you folks.
That's just pretty. I just like seeing
it. where we ask you folks to uh give us
uh your thoughts on something and give
us only wrong answers. We've got wrong
answers from last week we'll get to at
the end of this show. This week we
noticed some new black dots on the top
of all the cabs. Now those could be
cameras. I don't think so. A rear view
camera there would only tell you if
there are aircraft following you. A lot
of uh some of the trucks I've had an
opportunity to see in person will put
the rear view camera right above like
right by the trailer hitch and you would
be surprised what amazing visibility you
have out under the trailer. Over not as
much. Um maybe some people I don't know
maybe it's radio wave communication. Um,
I imagine some people might. Uh, maybe
it's for overheight clearance prod. Who
knows? But I want to know what you know.
Wrong answers only. What is it? What is
it out at? 11:47. Here we've got uh
there it is. Okay. So, it's in use. Mark
was Mark was correct. It is doing real
semmit truck stuff. Um, and if and if
and if that's not enough,
&gt;&gt; it's removing some of the pallets. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Here's one driving by. Another shot
there moving stuff, doing work. Again,
that's the old design, not the new
design. No reason to,
&gt;&gt; which which they probably have a few
kicking around, right? Like uh they
they've they've got some of the original
builds and why not use them for uh for
moving things?
&gt;&gt; Indeed, why not? Uh, that's a better
shot for your wrong answer of what those
black things on top are. And then I had
a thought at here. These are some
partial bodies here that have been uh
partially assembled. Perhaps they're
rejects. Perhaps they're incomplete.
Don't know.
I don't know, Mark. I don't Uh
interesting that uh they've got the uh
the pool corral uh where you've got uh
those six units sitting in a box.
&gt;&gt; You've got the big door beside it, which
is where we anticipate is the end of the
line as trucks roll out from there.
&gt;&gt; Um why do you think they've got them
coralled uh in that little pool box?
What what do you think's going on there?
&gt;&gt; I can't come up with a reason. I was
trying to think of that earlier and it
doesn't make any sense to me. Um, maybe
it's to create a visual barrier to stop
others from going in there when it's
empty, just like this other area next to
it that is empty. Uh, it looks to me
like they're trying to visually create a
barrier uh so that people don't take up
that space that we're designating
temporarily for this. Not not enough to
paint it off, but
&gt;&gt; enough that we want to do something,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. And this uh big funky door
that you pointed out is where the trucks
will roll off the assembly line, head
over here, juice up a little bit,
whatever the appropriate amount is, and
then they done. So that's exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know what uh time that
means? It is, Mark.
&gt;&gt; Funny FaceTime.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; You just uh can't help yourself is what
is what's going on. Now, you'll notice I
did not like my own video. Uh, and not
because I do not like my own videos, but
because it's your job to like my videos.
I liked Zangler's video. Uh, it is free
to do that and it helps the channel. So,
uh, this is we're starting with uh, not
the wrong answers only. We do that at
the end. We're starting with the serious
questions and comments. This is a great
one. Studies have shown that more EVs
registered in a particular zip code has
a direct impact on the number of ER
visits by asthma sufferers. Those trucks
idle for hours on end at the ports. Hey,
uh, have you heard about this study?
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; I hadn't either. I looked it up. It
turns out it's true. They literally just
tracked zip codes and emergency visit
room visits for respiratory uh, issues
and found that the correlation is
direct. That's great. You know, when we
talk about the cost, well, the subsidies
for electric vehicles, where's MA
subsidy for respiratory illness?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Why isn't Exxon chipping in on
that? I wonder. Uh, we did stir up quite
a hornets's nest on the issue of solar
because we talked about solar on a truck
last week on the sides of it as a as a
demo. Isn't Appera making a
hyperefficient EV for the exact purpose
of being able to get solar PV to charge
up cars substantially for daily driving
needs? Do you think APA is on track to
meet this goal? I think that that is
exactly what API is doing and they've
designed a three-wheel car to enable it
to be again as mentioned here uh hyper
efficient uh so it's lighter uh it's
only a two-seater and it sits at a
configuration so air can pass over the
top and underneath the body again making
it very efficient and that's exactly
what they're trying to do. I have been
disappointed with Aptira not getting to
the point where they're actually
manufacturing
and getting into the customer hands the
first generation. I know they're doing
things, but it's kind of disappointing
it's taken this long.
&gt;&gt; It's really disappointing. This is
exactly a terra's objective. Where do I
do we think they're on track? Well, no.
They're years late uh again. So, no. But
hopefully that doesn't mean they're
dead. Hopefully, they can still get to
production. When they were pitching a
$35,000 alternative to $60,000 EVs, it
was a lot more attractive. Now that you
can get an EV for less than 35,000, and
it's unclear they could build the Atera
for 35,000, it's a tougher cell.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we don't know what the efficiency of
their motors will be. We're hoping to
find out soon. I always thought solar on
the roof of a car would make sense so
you could cancel out the vampire drain.
Right. And we'll we've got longer
answers, don't worry. I feel like not
having solar is a missed opportunity. I
wish my Tesla had a solar roof just to
combat phantom drain. I would actually
use sentry mode all the time if it had
it. Annoying coming back to a car with
less range than when I left it. And uh
do you think refrigerated trailers ought
to be covered in lightweight solar? This
one we'll just address real quick. No.
We've been over it on previous shows a
number of times. The logistics is the
real obstacle there. uh not to mention
the weight and there's just too many
little things that go into it for which
the industry is not yet prepared. But
this is where we're going to actually
kick it off. There are plenty of photons
per square meter. I said, "You do not
get enough photons to the ground to make
it work." And he said, "No, there's
enough. The main problem is panel
efficiency. Best panels around 20%. If
new tech could get that up to 50%."
Which it can't. I mean, aerospace would
pay handsomely for that kind of panel
and there it just But let's just say
it's 50%. There are plenty of vehicles
that would get enough range from that 50
m a day. Now, I'm going to take
contention with that. A terra might be
able to get 40 miles a day. A terara's
got a large surface area relative to its
weight and power consumption. Abraa, if
they can do it, is the exception, not
the rule. So, I went ahead and got the
crunchies with the math here. Uh, so
let's I said, "What if it was 100%. I
want to capture every photon." And what
it came out with is on a two square
meter roof, you're looking at 8 to 10
kilowatt hours per day. That's at 100%
efficiency. 8 to 10. So, that's uh what
uh
24 to 30 miles, but it'd be half that.
So, it' be like 12. So, if it was half
that, you get four kilowatts. You get
what? 12 m in this situation. 12 mi a
day is not enough to cover your daily
driving needs. And this is assuming the
panels are optimally oriented and tilted
and tilted and the car is parked in full
sun all day. No shading, no buildings,
no driving,
and it's going to cost a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Thoughts, Mark?
&gt;&gt; It's just not there. The technolog is
there. Not there. uh not sure if it'll
ever get there because as you've
mentioned solar has been just ekking up
the efficiency by one or two% as time
goes along. So it's something that it
would be wonderful to have, but with the
small amount of uh roof available, it's
just not going to work. There are
solutions where you can fold out panels
on top of your car and have it sit in a
parking lot and there'd be like 10
panels folded across the front the but
it the cost is prohibitive.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That's where we get into it. So
before I could respond to that previous
comment, someone else did. Henry said
the issue is you can't screw normal
panels on the roof and call it a day. It
needs to be aerodynamically integrated
curved panel. then it can't be normal
glass unless you want to shower everyone
in a rain of sharp glass in an accident
together. This kills mass production.
You can't massproduce them. The factory
now isn't making identical panels by the
container load per hour anymore. The
charge controller needs to be automotive
grade. It needs to be DCDC convert from
30 to 50 or 1000 volts. All that for a
panel that sits flat, not angled towards
the sun and may not even be in direct
sunlight all the time. Plenty of parking
spaces are in the shadows of buildings
of trees or buildings or inside the
buildings or underground. So in the best
case, you're getting about 50% of the
efficiency of a roof mounted solar panel
easily in the $3,000 plus range and it
would only represent onethird of a
normal size. So you're going to put
three grand and just put three grand in
panels on your house. You'll do better.
And that's the reality. Now it makes it
more complicated to repair. It
introduces additional points of failure.
It makes the vehicle heavier and it
doesn't return all that much. It's not
it's a an obvious idea that has been
examined, that has been thoroughly uh
looked through and while it sounds good,
there's reasons very few ever did any of
it and it didn't do much to help. Um,
yeah, if you could get, you know,
remember each kilowatt only gets you
about 3 miles depending on what you're
driving. So, um, enough about solar for
this week. Even if they get the idiotic
protect America from Chinese EVs law
passed, would it apply to China built
Teslas? Because the software they're
running is not the China software. It's
still the US software,
&gt;&gt; right? And that is that is might be a an
exit for Tesla because they're not using
Chinese software. Uh they're using US
software. So they may get by it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And all of those companies would
just uh use US software at that point.
It would not stop the flood. Uh back in
the day when they asked people what they
didn't like about their horses, I wonder
how many people said it doesn't have an
engine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I would say not many. I you know I will
have to check the archives. Is Rivian
selling any vans to anyone other than
Amazon?
&gt;&gt; Yes, they are.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they are. Uh I've seen un unbranded
ones. I just a quick search. I pulled up
this. I don't think that HelloFresh and
Factor is part of Amazon. I could be
mistaken but I mean it could be. I don't
know. Who knows what?
&gt;&gt; Recently we saw an also van. Oh yeah,
that's right.
&gt;&gt; A recent event.
&gt;&gt; That's right. I forgot about the also
van. Did I miss it? Or is anyone talking
about how the neural network learning
Oh, you know what? Also is owned by
Rivian.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't know that. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Also is like a wholly owned
subsidiary of Rivian. So, did I miss it
or is anyone talking about how neural
network learning of the cars and robots
will be be perfected on Earth and then
transferred to use off planet?
Uh, I haven't heard anyone talking about
that, but
&gt;&gt; nope.
&gt;&gt; That I just assume that that's what
would happen.
&gt;&gt; Very much so. Anything that Tesla
collects in any of its businesses that
relates to space, I'm sure SpaceX is
informed about about possibilities as
these things are developed.
&gt;&gt; Tesla uh technology convergence. There's
a lot of times where you say, "How come
they didn't, you know, as a kid I
learned this. I don't know if it if it
was true, but I learned that uh
transistors were designed were conceived
of before uh tubes. And the reason they
didn't build them was because you
couldn't. The technology didn't exist.
They had to wait for other technologies
to catch up. I hadn't heard of Thor
trucks before. Interesting. Hey, does uh
hitting hype do anything? And my answer
is I don't I don't know what it does. I
think it's like a double like or a I I
don't know. But thank you. Uh,
California should only offer rebates to
companies that either build or are
headquartered there. All others get less
rebates.
&gt;&gt; Well, they are using California taxpayer
money to fund those uh things. I I I
think that that doesn't really make
sense though. The fact that you would
like to spur on American business, not
just California business.
&gt;&gt; What you want is clean air in
California. And if you look, the only
people building there are BYD and ZM
trucks. ZM trucks makes approximately
zero trucks and BYD is BYD. So I think
that would just handcuff you too much is
what would happen. Uh some Europeans
have told me the Tesla Semi is lacking
in creature comforts. Uh are they going
to improve that?
&gt;&gt; They will definitely improve it and
iterate the vehicle like they do all
their vehicles. So, if there's an
uncomfortable seat or a a problem with
some creature comfort inside the
vehicle, they'll find it quite quickly
and it'll be updated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a dayc cab, so I think when
they get to sleeper cabs, then you'll
have some options. Mark lost a lot of my
respect saying he doesn't think a less
expensive Model 2 style Y would have
demand because people have all the money
in the world and small cars don't sell
in Europe. They have all the room in the
world there. Hm.
I don't think I've said that. Uh, but
&gt;&gt; I will say, Ryan, uh, that you're
absolutely correct. If there's a less
expensive Model 2 in a Y style, it
definitely would have lots of demand. I
completely agree with that.
&gt;&gt; It's not that they want a uh, smaller
car, it's that they want a cheaper car.
The smart car did not sell well famously
because it was uh still expensive. It
was still the price of a regular car
because so much of it is the motor, the
engineering, the safety, the
crashworthiness, the uh airbags, the
infotainment. When is AI going to be
used to control traffic signals? The
answer is now. It is. They are. That is
a good idea. I hadn't thought of it, but
when I checked, the answer is they are
in some places, in some cases. When will
someone redesign school buses? There's
simply no reason for them to be so high.
There's no need for windows that open.
If you follow Tesla's design paradigm,
you could eliminate parts by 60%.
Now, uh I don't know if you guys want a
deep dive on this. This led me down a
rabbit hole, and I have done the deep
dive. I could just record it. Uh, do you
have any guesses why they're why a new
school bus still looks like an old
school bus?
&gt;&gt; I would think because they have
no ability to look beyond what they
already have. They just seem to follow
along what's already been done and are
just pumping out model years year after
year.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm sure that plays into it. The
seating is so high up by law. it is
required to be for the safety of
children so that any car or truck that
hits them is likely to go underneath
them. Uh there are other reasons the
ability to have all that cargo space
underneath for sports or field trips uh
for uh and it is a much cheaper way to
not only build it but maintain it. the
there are low- deck electric buses that
schools have bought, but those are
exceptions for mobility requirements um
and they do need an exception to get
them and operate them because they don't
comply with the other safety. So, those
low deck buses have less cargo space.
They have higher costs and uh fewer
seats per total footprint. You would
also notice that those those other uh
buses like Greyhound and other people
movers,
&gt;&gt; they're all highbased as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, cargo. Cargo. So guys, if you want
me to do that deep dive, let me know.
Thanks for the Canadian content. Any
news on full self-driving legislatively
in the Canadian provinces?
&gt;&gt; Currently none. I'm sure that Tesla has
submitted uh something for it for full
self-driving. Uh but uh right now um of
course uh you do have FSD being used in
Canada all over the place. Uh but of
course it's being supervised.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that was probably the question
was unsupervised because I was confused.
I thought FSD was approved. With all due
respect, when it comes to the
subscriptions of this channel, excessive
humor doesn't help. Uh to to which
completely unrelated in a comment that
came in probably an hour before, we're
almost exclusively here for the clown
show.
&gt;&gt; So, so there is a disagreement in the
audience here.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's like when people have
told me to get rid of the music, I put
up a poll and overwhelmingly people say,
"Keep the jingle." It's stuck in my
head. And then they see me record an
interview at an event and they're like,
I can still hear him singing it.
How can it be? How can Tesla Semi be
further ahead than we thought? I thought
it was in production months ago. Have
they sold any new ones off the line?
When actual delivery, so there'll be
something worth talking about? Uh to
which to that person, I just said, I'm
just glad you're here. Uh yeah. Well, I
mean, Costco's got some. It's not the
current design. It's the older design.
Uh, I don't know what to tell you there.
ABF added two semis. This is a news
story from the 15th of June. Now, this
picture is from the I it's either AI, it
looks like AI, but it might be the pilot
models that they had back when they were
still testing. Uh, so now I guess is the
answer. I
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; I hope this helps. So, last week we uh
asked you wrong answers only. They said
the Horizon Motor said we're going to do
we're going to ask people what they hate
about the Tesla Semi and then just do
the opposite. Uh so, let's get into the
wrong answers only. We are running short
on time. I got to get to rehearsal. By
the way, on the horizon one, it's what
that tells me is that I can't compete
with Tesla. So, we'll get all two or 3%
of the people that hate Tesla and sell
to them. My wrong answer, an
oldfashioned whip antenna with a fox
tail hanging off. Beautiful,
&gt;&gt; isn't it? Isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Uh, Hor Horizon Motors has added an
autonomously activated seat shocker
that's activated whenever the truck goes
under the speed limit in the left lane.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's a good point. Yes.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm sorry, DC1, we're looking for
wrong answers, and that is
good. Uh, wow. Two seats. Innovation
saves the day. An electric semi should
definitely have a steam boiler and a
stoker engine.
I love JD.
&gt;&gt; JD is We love JD. It must have two
exhaust pipes shooting flames as a demo.
We love John, too. He's a regular. We're
getting all regulars, man. Since jack
knives are almost gone, we need wheels
on the top to help with rollovers. Mark
only need skids on the roof of the
trailer for when they flip.
&gt;&gt; That just screams safety, Kevin. Thank
you.
If I could see that working in a Looney
Tunes cartoon,
&gt;&gt; they want seats, just add a second
steering wheel so that they can fight.
&gt;&gt; Even better. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Driver's Ed car. How about a nostalgic
package with diesel fumes scented air
fresheners and diesel engine noises
playing on a speaker? I'm sorry,
Stalantis patented those.
Probably. Perhaps Tesla could make a
class 8 with a shredded tire burning
barbecue pit instead of a microwave for
the truckers hungry for more than hot
pockets.
&gt;&gt; Uh, no, Mark. What you need is a flux
capacitor so that you can actually get
the delivery before it's even been
loaded out.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. That makes perfect sense.
&gt;&gt; That's great. I don't have the budget
for it. New electric truck should have
exactly and only two side outward-f
facing captain chairs to allow dueling
truckers to check for side obstacles.
&gt;&gt; So there's staring out the sides of the
truck. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And you need two of them because we
don't have eyes in the back of our
heads.
Trailer full of goalpost since the
critics keep moving them.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Yep. Um, probably don't
need to read this whole one, but it's
got to have a baby making mode and a
baby along for the ride mode, so you can
uh, you know, have both sides of that
equation covered. We're repopulating the
planet one semi at a time.
Well, an electric semi should cost less
than diesel. So, how about money? Just
give me just give them money. Yeah, I
like that.
&gt;&gt; That is not a business plan that
typically works, David.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. That's what we asked
for. So, David understood the
assignment. Wrong answer. a fuel tank.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And we got a few answers along those
lines. The only other one I'll share is,
have they tried putting it the diesel
engine back in? Because the best part is
all the parts.
Yeah. Yeah. Um, hey, for the PTO, uh,
run a diesel engine for mechanical PTO
and use a second diesel engine to
provide electric PTO. So, that's the
power takeoff. I asked uh, uh, paid time
off. He said, "No, Brian, you're still
working." No, the So, we're gonna have
one diesel motor that spins the crank
for, I suppose, my tiller, and another
one that creates electricity that feeds
into whatever I need a refrigerator
truck, a trailer, for example.
&gt;&gt; That is definitely a wrong answer. Thank
you, Cuber.
&gt;&gt; So bad. So bad. I love it.
Regenerative braking must be manually
transitioned back through 10 levels of
increasing resistance, you know, so the
driver can maintain control for uh
safety.
Uh Ryan says, "Semi definitely needs an
Institute water fountain like Nicola."
&gt;&gt; Of course,
&gt;&gt; but this is a story in four parts. No,
what we need is a wet bar. No, what we
need is a a mini bar and a roulette
wheel. And of course, if you're going to
have that, the seat cushion needs to be
removable to reveal a toilet. You asked
for it.
&gt;&gt; There's a pattern there.
&gt;&gt; It is. And because we're running so gosh
darn long, and I absolutely must go.
That is sadly where we must leave it,
guys. What do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Head over to the Tesla Life Show.
Find out what Mark is up to. I don't
know. I don't keep track of him.
Everybody else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots. Uh perhaps over the Fourth of
July weekend, I don't know.