Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s FSD Secret Is Finally Making Sense
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbvrCgina2Y
Published:   2026-08-25 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-25 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In a vehicle, you have a lot of photon
data coming in as it's sort of input.
You know, there's like a bunch of data
that comes down the input side. It's not
just the cameras. There's the inertial
management unit. There's a bunch of
other context data that kind of drives
through [music] the system and it flows
through the system at like 36 times a
second. Crazy high rate. If you consider
your if you consider your human
decision-m versus a car, RFSD is like
looking for some car to come in come
into our lane 36 times a second. I
guarantee you you're not doing that or
I'm not doing that.
&gt;&gt; There are a whole lot of companies out
there promising their version of FSD any
[music] second now. Many of them have
products on the road. Many are getting
them out in the next 6 months to 2
years. But there's a real gap when it
comes to simulated road miles versus
real road miles. [music]
And I would argue that that's a pretty
important difference. Uh, and that's
going to be even more so when it comes
to training humanoid robots where you
kind of get the data. So, I've got Phil
joining me. Phil is a uh former uh early
starter there over at Rivian. He's uh
worked for a number of companies. He's
worked for Apple uh and he follows uh
these sorts of things very closely. So,
we're going to have a chat about that.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
[singing and music]
So, for those who haven't followed Phil
over on X, you should do that. He's got
some fantastic insights that he shares
from his days at Apple Rivian and just
life generally. Uh, you stick around
long enough, you figure out a thing or
two. So, one of the issues I have is
I've been all over the world. I've been
behind the wheel or gotten rides in more
autonomous systems than probably anyone
else on YouTube in the US apart from
maybe Kyle Connor. I've been in all of
them. I've seen all of them. I've I've
got my Chinese driver's license. I've
got my international driver's license.
By the way,
&gt;&gt; I check it out. I check it out. It's
very silly, but what are you going to
do? Uh so I have some experience with
this and I've had an opportunity to meet
with a lot of the developers of these
systems and they all say the same thing.
We are going to not only catch up to the
leaders but leapfrog them. And I say yes
but you don't have the training data.
What do you have? They say well we have
you know this much and it's a
significant amount but it's not
comparable. and they say we but we have
so much simulation, right? But Google
had infinite simulation 15 years ago and
they've still got issues they're trying
to iron out. And then of course they say
and we have the best AI engineers in the
world. I suspect one of them or more
might be lying about that. Uh because
you can't all have the best AI engineers
in the world. and the best AI engineers.
I don't know if that means that they can
leaprog and get around things like
training data. So with all that said,
Phil, my question is how good is
simulation? Can it do the job? Can they
skip past the big expensive part of
gathering all the data?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think the answer is someday yes,
of course. Like you know we have a
situation where Tesla has built an
extreme mode by having five plus million
cars on the road gathering data through
its sensors. Every one of our cars is
running FSD whether we're using it or
not. Right? Every one of our cars is
actually running FSD all the time. Even
when it's engaged or even when it's not
engaged by us.
&gt;&gt; And that includes every car that's not
subscribed to it. It's all running FSD.
And what's happening is it's not
controlling the car in those
circumstances, but it's watching
everything and it's gathering data based
on the type of cherrypicking that they
wish to do at Tesla. So, you know, Tesla
is basically what Tesla basically does
is it sends out a set of marching orders
to the car and it says gather this type
of data. And you might be surprised at
at the kind of marching orders it sends
out. Like what is it trying to gather?
Maybe on a given weekend it's really
interested in stop signs. another
weekend it's interested in traffic
lights, another weekend it's interested
in parking situations. Certainly
incident data is important like any kind
of like when I say incident I don't
necessarily mean uh intervention type of
incident. I can mean that. I probably do
mean that, but any type of incident
where there's a deviation between what
the car may have planned to do and what
the driver may have done if it if
they're not actually using FSD at that
moment. So Tesla gathers all this data
and what happens is that data is and
again it's cherrypicked because there's
so much data that they could never g
gather and store all the data. I mean,
if you do some simple back of the napkin
math, you realize that we're talking
about each car maybe, I don't know,
there's maybe a terabyte of data being
recorded on that car through through its
camera, uh, all TCUs, you know,
basically writing that data out. So,
Tesla will pick parts of that data and
this is all real world data. Now when
they bring it back to Tesla and they
start to work on training their FSD
they really lay down two types of way
they're doing the training right first
is what's called imitation learning
basically the idea is that they just
sort of like set down the base of the
model based on all these imitation you
know cherrypicked data sets okay say
imitate the cars behavior in these
circumstances
the new thing and the big thing and the
That's probably overwhelmingly a large
portion of what today's FSD is is
reinforcement learning. This is where
they develop scenarios and we and we'll
get to the whole point about simulation
in a second because you'll see that this
is very important. They develop
scenarios where they give the AI rewards
for doing the right thing and they
penalize it for doing the wrong thing.
So, you can imagine they might set up a
scenario of here's an intersection and
uh intersection looks clear except for
uh a dog that darts out, you know,
across the intersection of the roadway.
So, uh but at the same time, there's a
car traveling right behind it. Uh now,
do you avoid what's what's the right
scenario? Do you avoid hitting the dog
or do you let the car behind you rear
end you? Well, it's not an easy answer,
but what you do is you set up a system
where you that plus
hundreds of other different scenarios
and you run it through a simulator. So,
there is a simulator involved here. In
fact, Tesla's simulator is the best
there is. That's what they do. But the
important thing to point out about
simulation is that simulating from whole
cloth, just like, hey, I want to think
about every possible driving scenario
from having no data is kind of
impossible. What Tesla's doing is
they're taking in driving data and
they're using that as the template for
their simulator. Right? Like imagine an
intersection in San Francisco, third in
market, right? It's a complex
intersection. It's got a bunch of
different types of things going on
there. They can take that intersection,
they can take that data and they can
bring it into their simulator,
sort of like their training harness,
and then they can modify it. For
example, they can say, well, let's
change the way the intersection works.
Let's change the flow. Let's change the
traffic flow of the intersection. Uh, in
other words, let's remove the traffic
light and put it make it a fiveway stop
circumstance.
So Tesla use is an enormous amount of
data in simulation
under reinforcement learning to train
their system. But the thing is is that
it
&gt;&gt; that's third in market.
&gt;&gt; By the way, when I said third and
market, I wasn't sure there was a third
in market. Um
&gt;&gt; it's it's like a six-way disaster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Seven, eight way. Imagine
this particular intersection coming to
Tesla through many, many different
driving samples. Okay, Tesla could take
this intersection, load it into the
simulator, and they could do things.
They can be additive and subtractive.
For example, they could add snow.
&gt;&gt; Like literally, I mean, it doesn't snow
in San Francisco, but once uh every, you
know, 50 years, but they could say,
"Make a blizzard appear there. make a
heavy rainstorm. Um, uh, remove a
building. Uh, put in a different traffic
thing. Change the, uh, change the way
the lines work in the road.
&gt;&gt; Okay. U, put a bunch of dynamic objects
running through the road that weren't
there before. You know, dogs and cats
and people and, you know, all sorts of
things.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Why not?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Put it. Yeah. So um the answer is
Tesla uses an extreme amount of
simulation and reinforcement learning.
It's just that the point I'm trying to
make is they start with also an extreme
amount of real world data. And as good
as simulation is and someday you know I
think and when I say someday that's see
what what I think our happy competitors
are hoping for the Tesla competitors is
they're hoping for compression occurring
because of AI. They're hoping like, "Oh
my god, the AI is going to get so good
that I can literally simulate almost any
kind of road circumstance." But I would
challenge the viewer of this um pod to
think of their favorite intersection or
station themselves at their favorite
intersection and just think about all
the different dynamic stuff, the dynamic
stuff, not the static stuff, the stuff
that's there all the time, but all the
dynamic situations that are occurring.
And I would argue that minute to minute
it looks dramatically different.
And so the advantage Tesla has by having
real world data is that they're seeing
this kind of circumstance, they're
seeing all those situational things over
the course of time and they're able to
use that data in their learning system.
If you were to thing about simulation
too is that you kind of have to set it
up to simulate something which means
that you kind of have to invent the
problem. You have to tell the simulator,
I want you, you know, you could say to a
very very healthy AI simulator, invent
um situational dynamic situational data
in this intersection. The problem is it
may invent a bunch of things that just
never ever come true. And so what you
end up doing is overtraining the system,
the autonomous system with a bunch of
stuff that's just literally garbage. I
mean is it is it um infinitely large in
terms of the dynamic nature of the
thing? Sure. Is it probable? No.
Therefore, it's not it's not really help
being the situation. Uh it's, you know,
it's more subtractive in the end.
&gt;&gt; So, a couple things I wanted to say is
while we acknowledge that FSD is running
in the background in invisible ways we
can't see, it is actually running. It is
doing the collision avoidance, the
backup camera, you know, uh pedestrian
detection, the cross traffic detection.
So, it is still performing a useful
task. Don't be bitter that you're losing
a little bit of juice. It's already
factored into your uh mile uh your range
estimates. And on cars newer than 2025,
Tesla's very good about accurate mileage
rating. I'm only using about 242 watt
hours per mile even at 80 85 miles an
hour which much of of our travels in the
Model 3 have been uh because we drive
out across the country where the speed
limits are often 80 or 85. [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Um and so I would say that uh it was
probably on
it was a singledigit version. It might
have been seven or eight when Tesla
provided the specific example that you
uh hinted at. We needed to see oluded
stop signs. We asked the network, "Give
me pictures." And by morning, we had a
quantity that was alarming. And back
then, they still had human data labelers
who who had to sit down and say yes or
no and interpret what's going actually
going on.
&gt;&gt; It wasn't just included stop signs. It
was weird configurations. I think
there's a picture I think there was a
picture they had of a crossing guard.
Now you know you know crossing guard
school crossing and they have a stop
sign.
&gt;&gt; They have a stop sign but this person
had the stop sign
&gt;&gt; hold upside down
&gt;&gt; tilted walking across the intersection.
&gt;&gt; Now to us humans we look at that
instantly see a stop sign. We might
laugh that it's upside down. We But we
instantly see that. But that AI needs to
be trained on that, right? Cuz that's
still that's still a stop sign. In fact,
that's a really important stop sign, it
turns out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, fortunately, if if the if
the lollipop lady's in the street,
hopefully it just won't hit hit them.
But that's also helpful. But it could be
something these days since we're much
deeper into the data. Uh, it could be
something like, "Let me see all of the
times that a car crosses the double
yellow intentionally to get around a a
cyclist or a delivery vehicle."
&gt;&gt; And the real trick is when you're doing
simulations, and you touched on it well,
is the weather, the lighting, the time
of day. There are days when it is very
dark overhead and the sun is on the
horizon where there are no clouds. So,
it's pouring rain and blindingly bright.
I don't know how many configurations of
weather you would need to put through
one intersection for it to make sense.
But a question I have in terms of FSD
and
&gt;&gt; Brian, you may never and you may never
see like you could set up like remember
I I said a moment ago we could make snow
appear and third in market and yes we
can in a simulator right that can happen
but like the certain kind of glare
that's achieved at a certain
intersection at a certain time and how
that sensor reacts
that's hard to simulate. like you don't
know what the the operational aspect of
that particular
&gt;&gt; uh you know the sens the actual photon
sensor itself in the camera like what is
it actually picking up and driving into
the system right
&gt;&gt; good luck trying to simulate that that's
crazy and that's the situational stuff
that gets the car in trouble that glare
that instant you know the problem is it
isn't like a persistent glare it's the
glare that comes through a break in the
trees
for 20 milliseconds and blinds the car
for 20 milliseconds in some critical
moment where it's trying to make a a
decision. So that's the stuff that's
really hard to simulate
&gt;&gt; or the strobing at sunset when you're
driving past trees. That's also for me
as a human uh because I don't know if I
mentioned this, I do not have liar,
but uh we joke of course. By the way, as
a reminder guys, if you get a chance,
you should subscribe and you should
follow Phil onx, but you can subscribe
here. These are the kinds of in-depth
conversations I hope to have. This is
the kind of in-depth information I hope
to bring. Question for you. I've never
gotten a good answer on this. Uh, what
is a reward for the AI? I know it wants
to rack up a high score, but why does it
get a dopamine hit? Are we pumping drugs
into the motherboard?
&gt;&gt; How does that work? Uh it's just told a
number, you know, a reward number is the
thing it's supposed to that is the thing
it's supposed to achieve. It wants the
reward. The reward is nothing more than
a number. Like, you know, I get a reward
of a 100 for doing, you know, it's like
getting uh a score on a test,
&gt;&gt; you know. Um does the AI get excited?
No, it's just told that's, you know,
look for the highest reward, the least
penalty. That's the thing you want to
reinforce on. Um, yeah, that's about it.
&gt;&gt; So, now we've got the biggest question
of all because I would argue that uh,
like you said, in the future this will
be easy. I can see 20 years from now, 50
year, who knows where there are software
developer kits that high schoolers can
use to build projects like this uh for
something smaller than a human operated
vehicle perhaps for safety reasons where
we look back and and think boy well if I
didn't have the kit this would be this
would be a real hassle but all the tools
exist and comput is so much faster
whatever it may be. Uh, I look forward
to seeing those days. They're not here
yet, but with robotics, they kind of
are. Uh, with AI systems that you run
locally or on your own on your own cloud
account, uh, there are some interesting
projects. How does all of this translate
to training robots, physical humanoid,
real world robots?
&gt;&gt; Oh boy. You know it's you know FSD is a
very dynamic environment.
Safety is paramount. Uh obviously the
car must propel forward to your
destination
uh while driving you safely there you
know and and happily there too. I might
add it's you know there's some other
aspects. It's not just safe driving, but
you're happy with the drive. You know,
uh you're not going to subscribe to FSD
if you think it's too slow. You're not
going to drive if it's too fast. I mean,
that's why we sort of have moing as well
because it's really user preference. It
really has nothing. The car doesn't
care. You know, that said, I think
training a robot, it's just more of a
dynamic environment. I mean the thing
about a good way of thinking about this
I was thinking is imagine you put a
robot imagine you put Optimus in a car
and you said Optimus drive my car.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, you could probably say that I
could cut off a lot of circumstance, a
lot of things. I I don't if that was all
my optimist ever did was drive my car.
It was just a chauffeer. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um, then I don't need to train it on
cooking and cleaning. I don't need to
train it on changing a baby's diaper. I
don't need to train it on, you know,
moving a dog, drive, you know, walking a
dog. Um, I don't need to train on mowing
a lawn. So, what I what I'm saying is
FSD,
they're both real world AIs. They're
both vision-based AIs. They're
essentially I I feel that FSD is largely
just a subset of what Optimus is. And
that's a good way of thinking about it.
You know, think of your little vin
diagram and say in this tiny box here is
FSD. That sounds kind of silly because
FSD is a very very big problem. But this
much bigger larger box is training
optimist for all these other dynamic
situations that occur in life. Uh
&gt;&gt; it's a lot it's a lot easier when your
controls are limited to forward at
variable speed, back at variable speed,
right and left. You're making a really
good point because in a vehicle
you have a lot of photon data coming in
as it's sort of input. You know, there's
like a bunch of data that comes down the
input side. It's not just the cameras.
There's the inertial management unit.
There's a bunch of other context data
that kind of drives through the system
and it flows through the system at like
36 times a second. Crazy high rate. If
you consider your if you consider your
human decision-m versus a car car is
like
&gt;&gt; RFSD is like looking for some car to
come in come into our lane 36 times a
second. I guarantee you you're not doing
that or I'm not doing that.
&gt;&gt; No. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So you get you have a lot of input
data that comes through the model but
the output data is really only three
things principally. Uh you can argue
there's a couple more but three things.
There's what's my steering angle need to
be? What's my accelerator pedal value
need to be? And what's my brake pedal
value need to be? And the last two
usually aren't coincident, right? It's
either brake or accelerator.
So, that's kind of a limited number of
things. Now, if you think of those as
degrees of freedom, sort of like you
think of a robot in its hand, right?
It's like, oh, well, what's the degrees
of freedom? every little every little
joint, every little movement, you count
you start counting up all these degrees
of freedom and all of a sudden you're
like, "Wow, there seems to be almost an
infinite way to move and rotate your
hand and pick up things and do stuff."
And yet the car all it's really got a
concern with is the steering angle. Uh
obviously whether the car is in in in in
forward drive or reverse. Okay. Uh but
again, if it's in reverse, it's just now
it's a steering angle, it's acceleration
and brake pedal. So, you know, not only
is the situational
circumstance
extremely large for say a robot like
Optimus versus the FSD problem, but the
articulation of the controls is much
bigger in that space as well. So, it's a
problem that you know is many many
multiples, many more orders of magnitude
more difficult. And in terms of the
types of training, you know, it's like
what what's going on in today's cars is
that well in FSD principally is that
Tesla is doing all these reinforcement
learning use cases. They're doing the
same thing for bot. In the early days,
we saw like, you know, you'd have these
people that would do stuff and the bot
would kind of follow the motion and so
forth and so on. that stuff is kind of
starting to to um pull back to more and
more fundamental reinforcement learning
use cases like how do you cook an egg?
Where do you get the reinforcement on
what is a poached egg supposed to look
like when it's done? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Does it look like a healthy mess inside,
you know, or is it nicely pulled
together, you know, and there's
technique for that, right? So you would
develop you would you would have a set
of data that would input to show
outcomes that you want to be true and
outcomes that you would say this is not
what you want to do. And so the motions
of the hand and how it's moving and
stirring the water or whatever it's
doing to make that poached egg perfect.
By the way, I can't make one.
um you know there's technique right so
it would be reinforced positively to
build the perfect poached egg but that's
just one scenario
now I think the thing that people need
to understand a little bit here before
it gets out of control is that the
skills that you develop on a bot are
what are called composable and what that
means is that composable and
decomposable. What what I mean by that
is you can run a set of skills that like
you can pull the skills together as a
package to do the thing you want to do.
Because if I said make an omelet,
there's a whole bunch of skills involved
there. Silly little things like, well, I
have to open up the refrigerator and
gather some eggs, right? That
&gt;&gt; is that has nothing to do with putting
cracking the egg and putting it in the
bowl, right? in in the pan. It has
nothing to do with that, but it's a
necessary skill. What you can do is
train Optimus on that entire chain from
getting the ingredients
to getting the cookware to situating the
cookware to cooking the omelette itself
to plating the omelette and eventually
cleaning up the plate, delivering the
plate, cleaning up the plate, etc. And
then you can take those skills and you
can say, well, if I if I've developed
this entire chain, do I have to do this
for cooking pasta, too? No,
&gt;&gt; you don't. You don't. What what you end
up with is this sort of composable
problem where you're like, okay, I see
retrieving eggs is sort of like
retrieving a beer. It's sort of like
retrieving the butter. And you can say,
"Okay, if I want to make pasta, okay, I
need to get stuff from the cupboard. I
need to" And all of a sudden, you you
sort of have the same thing laid out,
right? Humans, we don't think of it that
way. We just sort of do it. But in a
way, the bot kind of gets down that path
anyway. [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; And I like that. That's a really good
way of putting it is uh when you've
learned all these steps, being able to
disassemble them. it's a sentence and
just take the word egg out and put in
the word pasta and the rest of the
sentence still works.
&gt;&gt; Still holds together. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; still holds together. Uh I'll be curious
to see how competitors race to catch up
without the benefit of Cortex and Cortex
2. The companies I've talked to in
China, when I ask them about training,
they say, "We don't talk about that."
And I if I had to guess, I would say
it's because they're probably using
hardware they're not supposed to. Um
they do. And and I really I really tried
to work all the corners on it to see if
I could find an opening. Hey, well, how
much uh power does your does your
compute use? I'm not an answer, Brian.
I'm like, ah, come on. I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're you're asking the same
question, aren't you, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Square footage. No. Nope. Not
doing it. Ah, come on. So, uh, but there
but there are companies that really
believe, you know, Figure has a great
little robot. Unitry has a great little
robot. Figure actually has compute.
Unitry, not so much. I don't know where
they're going to secure enough compute
to allow it to learn to do reasonable
tasks. And I'm not convinced they have
an AI team that can do it. And from
looking at the info coming out in
advance of it's probably already
happened certainly happened by now their
IPO which is overs subscribed it looks
like they're not even sure who their
industrial and commercial customers will
be. Uh so when I hear companies say yes
but uh somebody is ahead or behind I
always look at their compute and I try
to determine if they actually have any
possibility of catching up. You know, I
think the thing that is really difficult
for the non-engineer to understand is
that a demo isn't a product.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; if a demo was a product,
&gt;&gt; robo taxi would be uh at a million cars
tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's not yet there. Right.
&gt;&gt; The reason it's not yet there is that
it's sort of like the last mile and I
don't mean that. I mean that sort of
punt. Let's use a punt here. The last
mile is effectively the hardest mile.
You know, these problems have extremely
extremely long tails. So when you see a
good demo and you say, "Ah, they have
arrived. They've caught up." Okay. Do
you think knowing Tesla, knowing Elon
Musk, knowing the team he's pulled
together, knows knowing the amount of
fleet data he has, knowing the size of
Cortex that they're just sort of sitting
around doing nothing uh in the middle of
the afternoon, or do you think they're
pressing this problem very very hard to
get to the finish line? Imagine that you
have an A+ team. You have more compute
than any of your competitors. you have
more real world data than any of your
competitors and you've been doing it
longer. Do you think those add up to
nothing just because you saw a demo? I
mean,
&gt;&gt; some people do. Some people absolutely
do.
&gt;&gt; Some people do and that's fine. Go ahead
and run that up your own flag pole and
see how that comes out in the wash with
a product, not a demo, a product. And
and I would argue that if you don't
think this is hard, just watch what
Tesla's doing in the field with robo
taxi today. They're struggling with a
couple key things that long tale of the
you know it's it's funny because what's
funny about FSD is this we we we focused
infinitely and endlessly for the last
say go back a year and for the last
prior two years and we talked about
safety safety safety safety safety and
then we repeated safety safety safety
and we talked about interventions and
interventions and interventions and
guess what the safety box is kind of
checked. Wow. really. Yeah, it really
is. What we're left with is all the long
tale of little operational
considerations that make it extremely
difficult to get exactly the right place
to pick you up. The exact and know some,
by the way, safety is involved in this
too. just a different form of safety,
but where to drop off a passenger, where
to pick up a passenger, how to get the
nav system to behave in a way that
you're not looping around the the
roadway multiple times. um how to park
in the right parking place uh for and
then how to layer that with all the user
preference on top of it because again
our our evaluation of these systems
relates to what we think is the right
thing to do and what I mean by that is I
drive differently than you and you may
get in FSD and say I don't like the way
that's behaving and I'm not going to
subscribe to a product that goes that
slow. Uh maybe somebody else is like,
I'm not going to be part to a product
that goes that fast or makes aggressive
lane changes. People get very
uncomfortable. And what you see is a lot
of people will say, "Oh my god, that
thing was going to hit the car in front
of me, so I intervened, but it was never
going to hit the car in front of you.
You just never drove like that
yourself."
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; So you've got this layer of preferences
on top of it. And you're tr and Tesla
effectively is trying to create two
consumer outputs here. FSD for the
owners of their vehicles to eventually
go unsupervised, right? And then
basically the ride share model where
you've got people that have never been
in a Tesla getting in one of these
things and and essentially it needs to
basically be perfect,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And that and that long tail isn't like
this. It's it's it's like the tail is
longer than the dog.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, I would say that the real
problem Tesla's having with pickup and
drop offs for robo taxi is they never
trained for it. They don't have that
data. They're getting the data today.
&gt;&gt; It's a very good point. It's a very good
point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because because every customer
scenario ever achieved on our FSD that's
helped inform robo taxi had nothing to
do with dropping and picking up a
person.
&gt;&gt; No. And there are people who Uber and
lift on Tesla even on FSD. But the car
doesn't know that. So it it doesn't know
what's going on with the passengers. So
it's uh it's brand new information and
&gt;&gt; the safety isn't the issue. I know
people have said, "Oh, my car would have
crashed this many times." And I say,
"Yeah, that that seems much too high. I
don't believe it." And other people say,
"It saved me this many times." And I go,
"I hope not because if that's the case,
you're a terrible driver." Um, and you
shouldn't be on the road if it's been
four times in the last year. That's too
many accidents. But it's not about I
tell you, when I am in the car with
another human operator, I generally do
not care for their style of driving
almost universally. And that is not the
measurement of a skilled or unskilled
driver. It's just taste. My grandmother
never drove a day in her life, but boy
was she good at stomping on her
imaginary brake pedal when she thought
you were following too closely. Grandma,
you've never driven. That's not a real
instinct. Knock it off. You're
distracting me. But uh I think that's
enough for today. Phil, I want to thank
you so much for coming on, helping me
understand a bit more. Um, I will give
you a reward and that reward is you have
been rewarded. I'm just going to tell
you that's what you're after.
&gt;&gt; Just gave me a high mark, right?
&gt;&gt; High mark. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I have to accept that as being the thing
I want.
&gt;&gt; I have that is your uh that is your
condition. So yeah. Uh and guys in the
comments you can give Phil some kudos
too. What do we miss? What do we miss or
saying? Leave it in them comments below.
Everyone else like, subscribe, do what
you do and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Yes, that's right. The robots
are clever when you subscribe, I
suppose.