Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Tesla Stock Outlook and Breaking News
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SC5f7vycWU
Published:   2026-05-10 16:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

No one is mad at me, but welcome to
welcome to the Sunday
Pioneer Academy. I was traveling today,
so I'm a little late, but back in time.
If you can see here, I have a light a
light bulb is going on in my head by
default. Now,
uh here, what does Sun Cred Zero say? My
wife has a German comparative literature
degree. Wow, that's pretty impressive.
She's the most unpunctual person alive.
Excellent. So, I hope you guys can hear
me and we are live. Let me know if you
can hear everything. So, we are ready to
rumble and review a very exciting week.
Uh, lots of things are happening. Tesla
is back in the driver's seat, no pun
intended. And we are going to start this
whole situation with a review of the
stock. Discuss a little bit uh what's
going on
and what the next move will be as well
as how the Pioneer Reserve
is doing. Spoiler alert, it's doing
pretty well. So, let's jump right into
it. Here we have Tesla stock chart and
what it did this week and the week
before and also what my commentary was
on it. Uh, as you see here, these are
the last five days. We went from 387 all
the way up to 428. But before it was
even more extreme here, Friday 10th of
April, we're all the way down here. Then
we lingered around 372
down to the 360s.
And I told you guys after the earnings
that this is a Goldilocks moment that we
have very little downside here because
the stock is completely oversold. Macro
perspective, the market is going up like
crazy, reaching all-time highs while
Tesla is lagging. And my argument was
very simple. We have seen all-time highs
as as early back as December
uh or as recent as December December
16th 490. Since then, Tesla on all
cylinders that it doesn't have has fired
on all cylinders and is all in all a
much stronger company, a much more
derisked company on all levels than it
was in on December 16th of last year,
but it's far below all-time highs. While
the market is back to all-time highs and
the MAX 7 are back to all-time highs.
That is why I said there is absolutely
no way we are staying down here and we
will go back to 400 in no time and we
will also go back to 490 in no time.
That is what I said. That is what I
still believe. But we have to be a
little tactical and cautious
uh when it comes to super tactical
questions like where the stock goes next
week. But all of that of course has led
to the Pioneer Reserve, the Pineer Bonds
and the Pioneer Alpha portfolio to
outperform
quite dramatically.
And
that has resulted in pretty good returns
that I'm very proud of. And I want to
just show you guys where we are at with
the Pioneer Reserve. Let me pull this up
quickly here. Pioneer.
Oops. Reserve.
Oh, my camera is gone for some reason.
Why is that?
Uh,
I can't see myself. Can you guys see me?
Where's my
Hello everyone? Hello. See Phil. Hello
Droid.
Hello everyone.
I just don't see my image for some
reason. I'm not sure if I'm Can you guys
see me?
No.
What is this? What kind of problem? This
is a new problem
that I have not encountered before.
uh layout. Oh, maybe this is the
problem. Yeah, this is the problem.
There, I'm back. Okay, sorry about that.
So, let's see what the Pioneer Reserve
has to tell us.
Pioneer Alpha is ready to rumble and the
combination of this very strong
prediction that I made. You know this is
the important lesson here that we have
to learn. Let's go to pioneer reserve.
Why is this so weird? Everything is
broken today. This should ah no the
pioneer reserve is doing very well very
well. So we are now up year to date an
amazing 36.79%.
In other words in the last week I
absolutely nailed it.
This was welld deserved by the way.
Tesla is up 9.6%
but we are up an unbelievable 22%.
That is very good. That is very good.
The reason for that massive move with
now an alpha of 12% over the week but
year to date most importantly we have an
unbelievable alpha over Tesla of 41.54%.
That is good trading. As you guys know,
like I am using Tesla as the central
benchmark because we are trading and
investing around the Pioneerlands thesis
and the Pioneerlands thesis. Go to
pioneerlands.org.
We have some very cool updates. By the
way, always check out pioneerlands.org.
You have the beautiful forum here. You
have the questions where you can ask any
question you want. We will go through
this today through the questions. But
you also have the 10 themes and these 10
themes are what we believe in uh that
pioneer alpha that we will see a
disruption of the economy, a disruption
of society as early as next year but it
has already started. The capability is
now nearly perfected. I had a video on
it I think yesterday. Yesterday it came
out. The disruption is in full swing and
I can comment on this again today but
the disruption is in full swing. we see
tremendous transformations but of all
the stocks I believe the make seven are
the most robust bet even though you have
sector outperformance and all kinds of
stuff and you can do the you know you
can look into that but I believe the max
7 are the most robust bet and within the
Mac 7 I do think Tesla is the underrated
absolute winner of this whole thing
which right now could even be seen as
contrarian
when everyone is like talking about
Google and stuff like that and Nvidia
and Amazon but Tesla has some tricks up
its sleeves which is why I believe Tesla
will have the greatest appreciation of
all and for me the most plannable
now here's the thing when we talk about
what is plannable and predictable
we have to learn
two things
Tesla is down 4.75% other stocks are
actually up. Other M7 are up a lot
actually this year. And some people say,
well, we are fools. We are fools betting
on Tesla when we could, you know, also
bet on Google, for example, and would
now be totally in the money. Uh, let me
see. Google year to date. Whoa, that's
crazy. Uh, so Google year-to- date is up
26%.
Can you believe it? So Tesla investors
compared to Google are down 5%. Google
is up 26%
which gives Google an alpha of 31% over
Tesla. And some people say suckers.
Tesla suckers. That's why Tesla sucks
and you should be in Google. Okay.
number one that that is of course
hindsight 2020 that has happened was not
necessarily predictable and you have to
be very cautious going from here and
looking forward number two
I want to point out that I
I and Pioneer Reserve have an alpha of
41%
over Tesla which means that Google sucks
compared to us
But we are still focusing mostly on
Tesla. So how is it possible that we
have so much of an alpha if we mostly
deal with Tesla? Well, the reason is
predicting the future is one thing. But
then executing along these lines is a
second and separate distinct thing. When
I read X and I see all the smart TA
technical analyst people on Tesla and
they make all these predictions, often
they are right. But do they actually
execute on it or are they just talking?
That is the big difference. You need to
translate your insights into trades that
actually generate that alpha. Very
important through options or through
whatever you want. But you know just
making predictions and not following up
makes it unaccountable and also doesn't
make money. It's that simple. So this is
a very good result
and it is good for two reasons. First of
all, it's just objectively beautiful.
Also, over six months, how are we there?
We are up nearly 50%. Tesla over the
last six months is basically completely
flat, negative.
27% where whereas we are up 48%.
and since inception since January 1st
2024
up 166% whereas Tesla is up 72% giving
us a alpha
of 93% which means
if someone invested $1 million at the
inception of Pioneer Alpha you would
have roughly a million dollars more than
as if you invested in Tesla. So 1
million at inception into Pioneer Alpha
translates into 2.6 66 million invested
100% in Tesla translates into 1.72
million.
Just a little bit of math here
performance math. And of course, when we
compare this, let's say year to date
against any benchmark. Sorry for all the
benchmarking, but just so we can see
what's going on. We beat the NASDAQ by
21%.
This year, we beat the S&amp;P by 28%. We
beat AR Q. Kathy by 19%. Good job,
Kathy, by the way. 17% is pretty good.
AR K we beat by 33%. That's pretty
deadly. Uh MCI World, I think one of the
most used mutual funds in the world, we
beat by 26.97%.
It is only May, may I say. So that's
going on here. I'm very happy with that,
as you can imagine.
And
this
is what comes out of predicting
Tesla moves with high conviction and
then executing on it. Very important.
You need to execute. If you don't
execute, the conviction doesn't matter
and it doesn't matter if you're right.
It needs to be translated into results.
I learned this over a very long time.
Made many mistakes in the past, but they
are far gone now. So that is the
situation. Where do we go from here?
Before we jump into Pioneer Academy
topics, where do we go from here? Well,
as you know, I have a pretty firm
thesis. As long as the market holds up,
I told you the following things. Number
one, Iran is over, right? I said this
four weeks ago. I don't even know when.
Like a long time ago, it is very clear
Trump cannot do this anymore. The United
States is trapped. Cannot escalate. No
way.
uh the more time goes by the
exponentially more pressure is on the
straight of moose to be resolved. Okay.
So there is just no way out there. This
thing is done
because they are forcing functions way
larger than any kind of emos talk we
hear in X. Uh and that's good. So that
is not a threat anymore. Do we have any
other threats? I don't think so. I think
the Fed is more more or less paralyzed.
They can't do much. They see inflation
combined with huge pressure on the
employment side of things. So their dual
mandate basically tells them don't do
anything. They could only make minor
moves. Nothing big can happen on the Fed
side in my opinion. And they have a new
chairman coming in. I don't think
there's much to be worried about over
the next four weeks or something. Do we
see any other risks? Nothing at the
horizon that I can tell. The AI bubble
talk has been completely eliminated at
this point, at least with a higher IQ
crowd because what we see is that
anthropic is absolutely killing it. Like
the enormous, unprecedented,
historically unique, unparalized
cash flood into anthropic tells
everyone, dudes, this is not fake news.
AI is not a bubble. It is the biggest
transformation that humans have ever
seen, and we're in the middle of it. And
we have an amazing company like
Enthropic that by the way might kill us
all very soon. You know that I'm I'm not
a doomer. I'm a realist. I see a problem
coming. But I also am not worried about
it. We will figure it out and there are
enough people dealing with that problem.
So anyway, we see there's a lot of money
coming in. There's an explosion in
market cap of entropic.
That means Nvidia goes up, Mac 7 goes
up, hyperscalers go up, SpaceX, XAI, you
saw my videos on it. There's a crazy
deal coming with Enthropic.
Enormous things are happening and all of
them are super bullish at least for the
AI stocks that includes Tesla. The
bottom line is from a technical
perspective and I'm not talking about
stock astrology. I'm talking about just
logical technical analysis. All-time
high is very recent as of December 16th,
490. We are now at 428. Tesla is
tremendously stronger. We have started
cybercap production. Optimus is coming
in less than 90 days being revealed.
Huge huge soft catalyst and there is
absolutely no reason why we should not
be at 490.
And so I think that's exactly where we
are going to go independent of any robo
taxi scaling topics right that is
something independent that can happen on
top of everything and if robo taxi
scales to a point unsupervised
that unlocks the fantasy of this
actually happening and we need to be
very diligent and accurate in how we
describe that I'm not saying when the
fanboys you guys and me and Herbert and
Randy Kirk and the whole crew all of us
are saying how amazing it is. We don't
count. We have to go to the normies to
the normal people who are not as
delusional as all of us. The normal
investors will they say okay I buy it
Tesla has nailed FSD robo taxis and
they're going to scale into the hundreds
of thousands very quickly in millions
or can they still have doubts? There is
this inflection point. You know my
theory. 1,800 unsupervised robotex. I've
said it for a long time. I predicted
this April or May. It's the time that
this happens. I was a little early, but
I'm don't think I was that early. So,
this is going to happen at some point.
What I'm saying is this doesn't matter
for the 490 price target. I see the 490
coming. It's absolutely necessary that
it will come. As long as the markets
keep going up, there's no crisis and no
issue. And it could happen very quickly.
That is why I remain extremely bullish
positioned, leveraged positioned with
short puts at the money always at the
money. I avoid going too deep into the
money because I want maximum premium
because while we go to 490, that is my
conviction. We have now run up pretty
dramatically over the last month. I mean
look at this 22% up over the last five
days. Nearly 10% up. So it is always
time for a slight little pullback that
can happen any time that we go down 10
20 points
from here probably not 20 more like 10.
So you have to be cautious. If you sell
in the money puts with a 450 strike
price or something you're getting killed
a little bit if this thing drops 15
points. When you sell at the money at
430 for example weekly you have $10
buffer. So even if this drops to 415,
you nearly don't get hurt depending how
much of these things you sell. So that's
what I prefer to do. So I'm basically
building in a sideways move. If it moves
sideways, I make 10 bucks. If it goes up
10 bucks, I make 10 bucks. Only if it
goes up 20 bucks, then I lose kind of
out, but then I can stack. So that's why
I like to maintain my buffer. That is
one of the key tricks in alpha churn.
The third strategy of pine alpha how I
maintain reasonable risk uh when you are
very aggressive and selling at the money
puts of course there you know I go way
beyond cash covered so they are naked
puts let's face it
you have to be because otherwise you
know you have to squeeze the juice out
of it you don't have to do anything
don't listen to me don't do what I'm
saying here no investment advice this is
extremely dangerous stuff. Uh, but when
I have very high conviction like I have
now or I had last week and the week
before, now I have a little less
conviction, but still pretty strong. I
squeeze the stuff a lot, which means
naked puts, okay? I mean, not n
I don't go into the whole straddle
theory. Of course, I buy way out of the
money puts, but for me, that's naked.
Like if you buy a 360 put to offset to
get some margin back, that's worthless.
Like I'm, you know, you will be totally
broke. Of course, if that drops to a if
if you sell endless amounts of puts,
even with your little long puts, and it
drops 30 points, you're dead. So, uh
there's definitely risk built in here.
So, I only do that when I have high
conviction that a very steep drop is
extremely unlikely. So the momentum's on
our side, the market is on our side,
historic all-time highs are totally on
our side, and the fundamentals are on
our side. That is a goldilock situation
where I'm going really hard in
that is how I see it. So I will keep
positioning myself with full exposure,
full exposure to the upside,
always $10 buffer to the downside.
And this strategy that I'm doing right
now requires absolute attention. Like
you cannot leave your stock market app
for more than 20 minutes. Never during
trading hours. So if you do that, so
it's a full-time job and you need to
also know exactly what to do if it drops
or if it runs up too much.
So there you have it. That is my
positioning. Let's go into the comments
and see what everyone thinks and is
asking here. Uh before we go into more,
maybe we look at my beautiful Pioneer
Reserve. I'm so proud. You know, this is
really hard work, guys. Don't think this
comes easy. It's not it's not free
money, right? This is
not easy to do. Uh and requires a lot of
attention. So, uh when we nail it, I'm
allowed to celebrate this a little bit.
Let's see. Retire
retirement
owl. That's a good name. I bought call
leaps and sold puts last two weeks.
You're probably rich now. Uh syphili
silif
2007. No Germans flash. Okay, you got a
point here. I guess this will be solved
soon. Maybe that's not a priority right
now. Pickup points could be at the top
of parking garage. Okay, these are just
speculations on robo taxi.
Uh, Ciphil says, "I find the current
comparisons of Optimus Gen 3 to
competing humanoid robots kind of
ridiculous. We haven't even seen a
single screw of gen." That is true, Cy,
but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
I have high confidence that Tesla is on
top of this thing. I I'm very bullish on
Optimus. The fact that we haven't seen
anything says exactly nothing because
it's very explicable because you don't
want to show your mega robot
uh to the competition. And Elon was
clear on that. I said it way before Elon
uh but Elon knew it before me probably.
Hi Joe, do you think SATS is a good idea
to write SpaceX hype over the next
months or still IPO?
I mean we are looking at very high
valuations on that side. I'm like chill,
right? So I'm but I'm a little
different. Like you have to understand
that my pioneer alpha strategy is not
your typical like Leopold Ashen Brener
for example. I'm not the typical stock
picker where I just pick all my little
stocks and try to jump ship and jump on
the next stock,
you know, whenever I think this stock
makes more money because the main source
of alpha
is the prediction of the future
independent of what that future actually
is. independent if that's bullish or
bearish the accurate prediction of the
future and then the systematic modeling
of maximum value extraction around that
conviction which means if Tesla goes
sideways and I would have total
conviction I could make way more money
than on any stock regardless how much it
goes up because of options right you
could like you you could like short call
put this thing to death if you knew
what's happening if it goes down you can
make endless amounts of money So knowing
what a stock is doing is the key for
Pioneer Alpha and predicting the future
very tightly and then pinpointing the
next couple of weeks of that future
trajectory and then executing
engineering the derivatives around it.
That is the key for Binary Alpha. Uh and
so I'm not in the business necessarily
uh to jump ship and go into other stocks
or write the SpaceX preo whatever. Uh
you can do that. That is a good
strategy, but it's also, you know, it
depends on your preferences. You need to
just have high conviction.
Semi-production and robo taxes are
coming to market, so the stock should
rise. True. I sold lots of puts last
week, says S credit zero, street credit
zero, not just on Tesla selling puts on
MU.
The MD was crazy.
Uh,
what do you mean by buying a leap for
490? Like a strike 490?
Oh, B week force. I'm finally on Pioneer
Lens. Congratulations. Glad glad to have
you there. Uh, keen to start investing.
Short tutorial would be great. Well, we
have two things. We have Pioneer Alpha
that is connected to the Pioneer
Reserve. So our securitization vehicle
in Luxembourg where we institutionalized
Pioneer Alpha for qualified investors.
And then we have Pioneer Lands
which is an open community where
everyone can become a member. You can
become a citizen and pay nine bucks a
month and they get all amazing
special features. Uh so it depends uh be
wick for for
uh what you mean.
So more questions in the beginning.
Okay,
very good. So let's go to the next big
section here. The updates on Pioneer
Lands and the Pioneer Academy. Let's see
what we have.
Uh, by the way,
I created a new thing. It's still in the
works, but go to pioneerlands.org and
sign. You have to sign up first, but
then you can click on news. We have this
new news section.
And I think it's very cool. These are AI
generated news. They should be good. We
are still refining them, but they are
high quality in the sense that they
actually tell you the most interesting
news. You can click on there's still
bugs. Sometimes the links are broken,
but if you click on the research topic
or the thematic topic of our AI thesis,
you see all the latest news. Look at
this. Isn't that cool? We had a problem
with the links. But
look at this. These are last seven days
and robots. You see figure AI raises 500
million from soft bank to deploy
humanoids in manufacturing. Isn't that
interesting? Uh Tesla pauses Optimus
production line to retool for faster
assembly. H isn't that interesting?
But here I think the link was broken.
Yeah.
So this is very cool. This news feature
we still debugging some things but the
idea is to provide us with a more
systematic
high quality news bucket. You can also
click on blockchain for example.
uh Bitcoin tops 80,000 with three months
high. Uh rules forcing crypto firms to
register as dealers.
Uh so you have all these interesting
news and of course you have autonomy
10 billion FSD miles. Well that's old
news for you guys. Let's see 48 hours.
That's bad news. Space. Let's see. Oh,
we need to re we need to generate this
more.
Uh,
all kinds of cool stuff.
Anthropic gets in bed with SpaceX as the
AI race turns weird. Uh, UFO files.
Terap chip factory in Texas could cost
up to 119 billion fighting shows. This
is all cool news. So, they're all video
worthy. So, all I'm saying is like you
can check out the latest. I will use
this more and more for also generating
videos. We have a new feature here also
integrated where you can start clicking.
This is like work in progress where you
can start clicking on multiple news
sources or stories and then create a
story and then basically generate a
story. So you get an AI generated deck.
This is still very beta. Will be much
better end of next week. Uh, but I'm
thinking about using that more for
YouTube and live streaming. So, we can
actually be absolutely on top of the
news because the AI engines behind our
news feed for Pioneer Lands is very
sophisticated. So, we made sure with all
kinds of little tricks to really get
high quality news. So, we can scan
Earth, we can scan civilization for the
latest insights into the central themes.
Let's stop it here because we have other
things to do.
So, just saying we never stop. We have
interesting stuff happening here.
Uh, and you guys should check it out.
It's
free.
Uh, very good. Politically incorrect.
One, two, three, four, five. Asks Joe,
would you put fresh money now? Well, I
have to put in fresh money now because
Pioneer Alpha and the Pioneer bonds are
closing a good chunk of money probably
in May. Uh, and then I will have to
deploy that. I think yes, absolutely.
I'm still absolutely bullish. Uh, I
would have concerns
if you run up to 600 or something
when we are still below a thousand
unsupervised
because if we run up there and then
anything happens, you will have a crash.
The market could crash, Tesla could
crash, and so you need to be cautious,
but right now is not the time to be
cautious.
Can change within a week the whole
situation.
Did you answer my question about SpaceX
and Tesla merge next year already? Do
you agree with Larry or no? Yes, I had
last Sunday we had a big session on
that.
Uh questions. Let's go to the Pioneer
Academy. Let's see what we have here
before questions.
Yeah, I I responded to that last Sunday.
Uh
but today we have some other things.
So first question is
this is a question regarding the Pioneer
bonds, Pioneer Alpha bonds.
I make this quick. How do I buy in? I'm
trying to buy in but not sure on how to
do so. Uh can I actually respond you to
this? No. So generally if you're
interested anyone who is interested in
the Pioneer Alpha for qualified
investors US, Europe, UK, Canada,
Switzerland, not yet Australia
unfortunately. We're still working on
that. Go to pioneeralpha.org.
pioneeralpha.org.
And there you should see everything. you
can see if you're qualified under your
jurisdiction.
Uh, and there is also you can sign up.
So, go to pinealpha.org and create an
account and then you have a little
bubble where you can just talk to me
directly and to the team and then
there's also all the subscription
documents, the terms, the performance,
everything is there and you can just ask
me any questions there. It's a little
easier to digest for me if it comes from
that because then we are on top of it.
So that should be very easy. Um, and as
I said, Australia is a little tricky
because as far as we understand and our
attorneys, it's a little bit problematic
in Australia to actually sell
securities.
So that was quick.
We make it quick here. Let's go.
Next question by Stephen. Should I sell
my option or keep till the end of Q2?
In March, I bought two options with a
strike price of 430 and 445 for about
4,300 each. So basically 43 bucks.
43 bucks. Uh they both have a December
18th expiration date. There was about
6,16.
Uh so December 18th expiration date. So
you are in relatively heavy decay mode
already. So you don't have much time.
Uh if Tesla goes sideways or down, you
suffer from major decay at that point.
Uh but the good news is you are at the
money now. Um
so you made roughly 50% I assume. Yes,
roughly 50%.
They both have a December 18th
expiration date. Um
sell or hold till the end of Q2?
I wouldn't I never exercise options by
the way. I always use options as trading
tools. You know, if I'm sometimes I sell
options and buy shares. I wouldn't
exercise. I I don't even know how to I
never exercise. I just treat it as
liquid stuff. I sell the options. If I
want to buy shares with the proceeds, I
do that. I don't need to exercise. Um I
wouldn't even think like that. That's
why it's options. You should in my opin
I treat options as completely different
securities that I trade and make money
with. So even you know because why would
I make myself constrained? You just have
to think in money. Same with the
question if it's cash covered puts and
stuff like that who cares. It's a
security that has a certain profile for
me where I want to make money. And if I
decide the stock is a better option I
sell some calls whatever I have and buy
stocks. So I'm completely independent.
Also I don't have to execute one
contract and get 100 shares. What if I
want you know what if I want to sell 10
contracts and buy 500 shares?
It should be independent.
So of course this is not trading advice
here investing advice. This is depending
on your risk appetite. But I would say
so you still have a little time December
18th. So the real question is and I'm
risk averse by the way. I do not like to
take any risks that are unnecessary. So
here we are in a runup. For me, the end
point of the runup is 490 and it's
likely that we get there. So if I was in
that position, first of all, I wouldn't
be in that position. I don't like that
position. I rather am short puts than
long calls. Okay. Um,
so I would probably sell them and go
into short puts, but that's now because
I'm a short put person, not a long call
person. Um, only in extreme cases I do
long calls.
So I have you forget about that bias.
That's up to you what you do. Uh but
just from a coldblooded analytical
perspective, I would bet on this thing
running a little bit more
uh and in a short period of time, which
would bias me towards holding it,
you know, if I hadn't my shortput bias.
Uh but once we get anywhere close to
490, maybe 460, 470, I would start
getting rid of these. I would because
the the odds that there's a hiccup and
we go down again and then you are
absolutely getting crashed because then
you have TAB VK and the stock against
you is very high. So I wouldn't be in
that situation. I do not like any leaps
that are closer than 12 months. I hate
them actually because the time decay is
ridiculous.
As long as you're on runup, everything
is always great obviously.
So next question.
No, that's the last. We go to this
later. We do this now. First from David.
And the question is, oops. Merge effect
on my LEAPS and my personal position. My
core position is 600 Tesla shares. I
also have LEAPS that expire December
2027.
Good. 10420 and 2700.
The 420 are about 100 now. Just below
what I paid the 738. I'm down 50% on
them. Too bad, but whatever. I still
think Tesla Wait, when was this asked?
Oh, there's some time on it. That's bad.
We should know the time.
Uh, probably now it shouldn't be that
bad anymore.
I still think Tesla could re,000. By the
time they expire, these positions make
up 90% of my net worth. Oo, this is a
pretty high-risk move. Uh, my biggest
concern is what happens if the stock
ticker Tesla doesn't exist post merger.
Stephen McRine posted claimed in a video
that out of the money leaps would become
worthless. I did some research on that
and I'm pretty convinced this is not the
case anymore and I ask everyone to do
some research and then post it in
Pioneer Land somewhere uh to actually
elaborate on this. But you can basically
with AI just dig into that and see what
the actual situation is with these out
of the money leaps at a merger. I'm 95%
convinced at this point or confidence
confident that at a merger they do not
become worthless but are being
translated basically in the new into the
new entity prorated.
Uh, so you know, whatever your strike
prices gets translated into the merged
entity strike and expiration.
So I'm a little less worried now, but I
still have a 5% uncertainty on it. So it
would be good if someone would do the
deeper research.
Okay, let's do some questions before we
go to the last one. Let's mark them as
seen.
Did this work? Oh yeah. How do I buy in
the bond?
Very good. Then we only have this one
left, but let's go to the questions
first.
The questions do, what's your 2030 Tesla
price target? I'm going to do a video on
that next week. I have an updated model.
I pushed out my timeline because last
time I did this was a year ago I think.
So my original target is now pushed down
which means my 2030 price is also down
and you will see. So I'm not going to
reveal this now. It's still pretty good
but it's pushed out.
Tesla Granny says let's make some money.
I agree. I like December 27th leaps.
Me too. So let's go to this question
here. Okay. So this question is a deeper
question. Now we going a little deeper.
And the question is by Tommy in AGI.
How to prepare myself for what's next?
Thank you Tommy. That's a very good
question. And the question is, I
recently became a follower of this
community and I align strongly with what
Joe's teaching around Tesla, SpaceX,
Nvidia, anthropic and the importance of
becoming a capital owner in the AI era.
I'm trying to understand how to properly
position myself to what's coming next.
By the way, I'm preparing something very
cool. I'm working with an undisclosed
secret university right now to actually
put the whole thesis of pioneer lands
of the age of AGI and of the AGI economy
into a more structured coursework that
you will of course you guys will get in
the Pioneer Academy here, but that will
also be in a real world university and
then probably in more very soon because
I think it's incredibly ly important and
no one is really teaching this to
anyone, especially not to students who
should be the number one target group
for that kind of knowledge
and the deeper thesis on what's actually
happening right now to the world to our
civilization what the technological
drivers of that transformation are what
AGI actually means what economic AGI
means
then to go into the AI or AGI economy
and understand how the economy actually
works because whatever we know about the
economy will fundamentally change. Of
course, not on a first principle deep
level that's always the same but no one
knows about that.
But on the tactical level, what does it
mean to create value? What does finance
mean? What does money mean? What do
value chains look like in the future?
What are value chain systems? What are
value chain endpoints?
That is very important for first
principal knowledge to understand the
disruption the effect of AGI of the
total replacement of all white collar
jobs and then all blue collar jobs. What
the role of humans exactly has to be
where the highest amount of value
creation and money will come from from a
human perspective.
And then to take that into part three,
the age of pioneers, in other words,
pioneer lands. What is our role? How do
we engineer reality in that new setting?
And how do we make sure it has economic
power the whole thing? So that is
coming.
Thanks to you guys, we have a lot of
discussions here and you forced me to
always try to formulate these things
more clear and now very good to have a
more formal system soon in place where
we discuss all these things.
Okay,
I'm trying to understand
Tommy continues, "How to properly
position myself for what's coming next?
What should people realistically be
investing in today? How do you position
for a potential SpaceX IPO? And is there
any legitimate way to gain exposure to
companies like Anthropic before they go
public? Would love to connect with Joe
directly or learn how to become more
involved with the community. Appreciate
everything being shared here. Thank you,
Tommy." Uh, so
number one, if you are very interested
in Pioneer Lands, become a citizen. It
cost you $9 per month. But for me, this
is kind of an important indicator if
you're on the right track and who's the
most interested community. And I'm
pretty sure everyone who's a citizens
citizen gets much more than the nine
bucks out of this. But it's more like
it's a low price because we want to just
make it like as the key differentiator
who is able to actually boom pay a
little bit to help Pioneer Lands. This
all goes towards the people who help me
with Pineer Lands that need to get paid.
Um, so that's the best way. And then we
have the forum of course. You can go to
the forum.
Uh, and I will discuss this more. You
can go to the forum here. You click here
and then you're in the forum and can
engage in all kinds of discussions. I'm
not good in answering questions there.
So uh it's definitely the best way to
reach me is through asking a question
here. If you click ask a question here
then it appears
in the question section here and it's
much more
visible.
Uh so
AI income so
here is the bigger theme. The bigger
theme is when it comes to questions like
that,
you need to form a community which is
right here. You need to engage because
then we can discuss these things. If you
have specific questions like anthropic
for example, so Tommy I can just
recommend use this feature. This is the
number one feature to get the discussion
going. like click on ask. Like one
advantage of being a citizen by the way
is if you ask a question and you are a
citizen your question is guaranteed to
be covered every Sunday. So every Sunday
when we do present right when we look
through all the questions then we hand
select the ones we like the most but
every citizen
will get his answers or her answers uh
her questions answered guaranteed. So
you're automatically in the present
queue. Uh and so that is your easiest
way to not just get in touch with me but
really ask questions that are being
answered structurally and then other
people can see. Uh so that is the best
way of doing things and
uh for example you ask a lot of
interesting angles on the same theme
that would be all different questions.
By the way if you're a citizen you can
also ask multiple questions. I don't
care they just need to be well
structured. For example, the question
how do we get how do we get exposure to
anthropic?
And of course the simplest indirect way
is Amazon. Amazon owns 20% of anthropic.
Anthropic is now already I think
anthropic will be larger than Amazon
very soon because Anthropic something is
going on there. Uh they're just growing
like crazy and they have invented AGI in
case you didn't notice. Anthropic owns
AGI. There's no doubt about it at this
point. When you look at the speed
they're shipping, they're shipping at
hundreds of times the speed of a normal
company. They are crushing one sector
after the other. It's absolutely nuts
what's going on. Uh I, you know, for
myself
are not that greedy
when it comes to jumping from stock to
stock. My specialty is two things. I or
maybe three things. Let's say two main
things. I understand macro and I love
macro. I understand Trump. I understand
Germany. I understand Vanderline. I
understand Putin. I understand Iran. I
understand Israel. I understand the Fed.
I understand these things. Of course,
all the smarty pens on X, you know, they
always criticize me. It's like, "Oh,
Joe, you were wrong. You said taco this
and that."
But money talks.
I'm mostly right about these things. And
when I'm wrong, I'm not that wrong. On
Iran, for example, on Greenland, I
nailed it. So on the Fed, I completely
nailed it. I predicted Trump is going to
win with 312 electoral votes. That was
my greatest victory ever that I
literally said on YouTube before the
election, Trump is going to win this
with exactly 312 electoral votes. And I
made my case exactly why, by the way.
And he won with 312.
And I made a lot of money with Kamala
Harris puts that was funny in the
prediction markets. I basically took
not all my money out of Tesla but a big
chunk of money off the Tesla cosition.
That was the only instance where I did
this and bought Kamala Harris puts.
Turns out in the end if I had kept my
Tesla shares I would have made nearly
exactly the same amount of money because
Tesla went up so much. So whatever. But
I won this. So number one macro is very
important. That's why I want to discuss
with you guys politics, Fed, economics,
culture, war, all of these things are
important. I know my weaknesses. I think
China is always hard to understand and
predict. Very hard to understand and
predict. Uh but also not that important
actually for the things we are
discussing. So macros number one. Number
two is Tesla.
Why am I so Tesla obsessed? Number one,
it's two independent reasons. Number
one, Tesla is an amazing company that
has absolute disruption going for it.
The only competitor for Tesla is SpaceX
in terms of how big this is and how
important and soon they will be the
same. Anyway,
and number two, I think I have a good
understanding of Elon. That is one of my
key advantages. I understand what Elon
thinks. I think at very high resolution.
It makes complete sense. Now, sometimes
Elon thinks things that I didn't think
of. I have to admit. Uh but that's fine.
It's not about that he thinks of things
I didn't think of. That's not a problem.
But when he does anything, I understand
in complete resolution why he does it
and therefore can conclude what he does
next. I can also predict with very high
accuracy if or when he says something
very similar to Trump. By the way, I
know exactly what he means. I know
exactly how seriously I should take it,
how much face value, how much not at
face value. And that gives me a dramatic
advantage because most people have some
form of Elon derangement syndrome,
either fanboy syndrome or derangement
syndrome. You need no syndrome. You need
to just know what does he mean with
that? How does it translate into
timelines? So that is why I love Tesla
because the combination of macro
understanding and Tesla gives me an
edge. When it comes to other stocks, I'm
extremely self-critical. So when you ask
me about Meta, for example, with Meta, I
can tell you Meta is undervalued. Meta
will surprise to the upside. Meta has
kicked out that dumb little lean guy who
knows nothing and has now Jason Wang
who's very smart leading AI. So Meta
will guaranteed surprise to the upside
on AI but different from Tesla I don't
understand you know for me it's much
harder to predict to pinpoint
these forcing functions and everything
for meta I don't know if that happens
next week or in one year which is not
great for trading it's great for
investing right if I was just a normal
hedge fund manager I would just buy meta
because you clearly will make a lot of
money I understand Nvidia maybe a little
at higher resolution than meta.
Uh but my master
stroke is always to predict with high
accuracy in a reasonable tight window
and I cannot do that with anything else
than Tesla to the same precision. I
think when it comes to Bitcoin and
Ethereum and Micro Strategy, I would say
these are my number two after Tesla with
a large distance. So I have much lower
conviction on micro strategy in Bitcoin
for example than on Tesla but higher
than on the rest. For example, I think
Bitcoin is incredibly bullish right now.
I think Ethereum is too. But can I time
it like Tesla? No.
Um Nvidia, I'm bullish. I hold Nvidia.
Robin Hood. So I have good base
understanding of these things. But this
thing to translate base understanding
into tight and accurate predictions of
the next four weeks, next eight weeks,
next two weeks, I really have a hard
time doing this with any of these guys.
Uh now with Nvidia, there are some
tactical opportunities when Nvidia falls
too much. It's a no-brainer by
still not as tightly timeable for me
personally as Tesla. And this tight
timing as you just saw with the results
of Pioneer Reserve means I can squeeze
out out massive wins when it goes up and
I can squeeze out alpha even if it goes
down.
And that's why I like Tesla.
So when you ask questions about that,
you can ask general questions like this,
especially as a citizen because then
you're guaranteed that I see it and
respond to it and you automatically
select it. Uh, and then I can give you
tips how to ask more specific questions,
right? Or you ask them right away
specifically.
So, I hope that was insightful about
this whole thing.
Uh, okay. What how about Elon fanboy
derangement syn? I call it Elon fanboy
syndrome, not Elon derangement syndrome.
Elon derangement syndrome is when you
think Elon is stupid. Elon fanboy
syndrome is when you think he's Jesus.
Yan Leun is right in the long term.
I'm not sure about that. Also, in the
long If you're wrong in the short term,
you're already kind of wrong. You're
kind of useless for me. I think no. I
hate this guy for many reasons. Are
there any plans for a physical pioneer
land like a place where citizens live
and build together? What would be the
legal form? A company, NGO, private
owned village? See Stefan Corinth, you
should totally ask that qu that's like a
brilliant question. You should ask that
ask that question in Pioneer Lens. I can
talk about it a little bit now, but you
should ask it so we have a structured
thing.
Um, okay. Here's my take on this Pioneer
Lens physical thing. The short answer is
of course, of course, Pioneer Lens needs
to be physical.
Um but what I criticize about all these
physical lens people there's like
practice and all like whatever p
practice I forgot the name all these
things they overrate I think physical
presence is very important for pioneer
lens but at the same time people who try
to do these things they overrate or they
underrate how important it is to get the
software right the civilizational
software and operating system like what
is the value system.
More important than the value system is
what I call the physics.
I'm working on two things that I think
turn out to be pretty effective. The
physics of human nature and the physics
of civilization and then a supplemental
third thing, the physics of the human
mind.
And these define the fundamental laws of
human nature, of civilization, and of
the human mind. And when I'm talking
about fundamental laws, I don't want to
go into epistemology too much here, but
that was my hobby when I was like 19.
And so I have a specific take on what is
knowledge.
Uh
long story short, knowledge needs a
purpose. Knowledge without a purpose
cannot exist.
And so that's why these things don't
exist yet, but we have a purpose which
is progress. So we can define these
fundamental laws of human nature. And
from that we can derive better what is
actually happening and what needs to
happen. So that's something that's going
to I will I'm still working on it.
But this will be a fundamental thing and
that will allow us to decipher what is
even going wrong right now in the world.
What would be right? And how do you
define right?
And the idea of these physics is we
don't have to be morally right or
something. We can be more like
scientists. We can be more like Newton.
We can say well the fundamental absolute
physics of civilization is this. The
absolute objective physics of the human
nature is this. And then we don't have
to morally judge anymore. We can just
say the more you deviate from that as a
system, the more instable you become and
the more you need to be stabilized
through external resources,
propaganda for example. And these are
not stable systems. And right now we are
very far removed from the physics of
civilization. We also very far removed
from the physics of human nature.
And that allows us to predict in times
of disruption that we will have a reset
and the reset just a physics reset that
will move everything more towards the
mean back to the mean to the normal
state. So these are very important
things to understand and once we have a
better understanding of these things we
can start engineering we can okay if
that's the momentum if these are the
forces that are working on our
civilizations
then we can deduct okay how do we have
to construct this thing to be closer to
nature closer to the physics than the
current system but also in line with the
rules of AGI the AGI world and then we
have real power then we know how to
build something that makes people much
more happy that makes people much more
engaged that has massive economic
superiority to the current system and
then we up to something and then from
there once you have that under control
you can think about execution which
includes physical execution that's how I
think about it in other words you can't
like we can't wing this we need to be a
little systematic
and we
Okay, what do we have here? How can Robo
Taxi be autonomous when version 14.3.2
can't even get out of a parking garage?
Well, I think there are many edge cases
here. Uh,
and they need to be resolved and they're
being resolved as we speak. So, I don't
think any of this is a killer problem as
Elon elaborated on. It's basically you
have to look at it as how often does
robo taxi run into a problem at any
given incremental uh version and it's a
percentage right oh 1% of rides are
messed up okay two or 5% of rides are
messed up okay if it's only how messed
up are they oh he's locked in a car
forever and is super pissed so that's
how you have to optimize it that's
pretty I think once Tesla solved the
safety problem which they have now it's
a convenience problem. What's a
convenience problem? It means out of a
100 rides, five are messed up. The
judgment would be that's too many
because then we get angry customers. Can
we get it to three being messed up? Can
we get it to two being messed up? And
once we get it to one being messed up,
maybe then we can scale something like
that.
Uh
oh, street cred zero. You mean
he means the people who are deranged
about Elon fanboys? Oo, it's getting
very complicated. This is a whole
science at this point. Okay, there's an
Elon fanboy derangement syndrome. Now I
understand you need to like study
psychiatry for this to really understand
all the different categories.
Uh seasteading I'm aware of. Yeah,
seasteading. Exactly. But this is like
sestating is a great example. There are
also other examples.
I think these people underestimate
civilizational software requirements.
You can't just, you know, the this
libertarian fantasies like, oh, just set
it up, take away the laws, no taxes,
everything will be, you know, evolving.
That's a big mistake. The libertarians
were always completely wrong. Advanced
civilizations, advanced economies need
very advanced software like operating
systems. You can't just give people
freedom and then it turns out to work.
This is the false narrative of the
United States. The United States was
found by extremely sophist by the most
sophisticated
civilizational engineers of their time.
Jefferson, Adams, like are you kidding
me? Benjamin Franklin, are you kidding
me? These people were hypers
sophisticated engineers. They were not
like, oh, just take away all the laws
and let everyone shoot each other and
then it's going to be fine. That is a
false narrative. That's not how the
United States were built. The United
States were built by one of the some of
the most brilliant philosophical
and civilizational engineers of all time
and was it was a tremendous amount of
work. Just read the Federalist papers
and all that kind of stuff. What
happened in the discussions about the
constitution
all that stuff this was hugely complex.
So you need and that was all based on
John Loach on Montesu. It was based on a
lot of people who put a lot of theoretic
thought into the fundamentals of the
state.
We need to do the same. I'm working on
it because we need to be a little
innovative here. We need to be
fundamental.
Okay. Dennis Pac asks, "Are you busy
setting up AI to use your method of
investing?" I'm busy using I'm busy busy
setting up AI.
Yeah. indirectly I'm I'm recruiting a
team. We are building out AI systems to
actually have better financial models,
predictive models, and predict the
future and pinpoint the future. That's
what we're working on. So, not the
actual trades. That's easy. I can do
that. Uh what's hard is to be right
about the future and to expand beyond
Tesla, especially into space. Uh but
also into robots.
Uh Andre Andrea hour I'm late.
Yes you are. But this will be available
uh once we stop will be available on
YouTube. You have to go to my channel
and then click on live and then there
are all the live recordings.
What do you think about Micron and
SanDisk as investments given first
principles as memory is the biggest
bottleneck for data center development.
So Micron was on my agenda, not Sanders,
but Micron was on my agenda a long time.
I did not invest because I have a hard
time with Micron doing valuation.
Not because there's anything wrong with
Micron, but there's more something wrong
with me. I don't have the time. Uh when
I do investments, I want to be
absolutely sure about everything. And
with Micron, I just don't feel confident
in it.
It was very clear to me that Micron is a
brilliant is is perfectly positioned and
will have infinite demand and
everything. So that was very clear. The
thing I'm not clear on is the exact
financial and valuation
analysis of Micron and now I would be
even more cautious because it ran up
insanely right so the question is not if
they are in a perfect position.
Obviously they are but the devil is
always in the details. You know what
exactly is going on? What about the
competition? Uh most importantly about
Micron, what about the valuation at this
point?
Um black mamba trader PE of MU and and
send is still amazingly low.
It could be. I'm just not I don't feel
comfortable saying too much about
because I'm not deeply in this stuff.
Um,
yeah, I can't say too much. That's why
I'm building out an investment team. We
I need more people because I need a
tight model. You're building it on
SpaceX right now, on space compute, on
launch, on COGS, on Starship production,
on all these things that needs to be
modeled out. So,
here's the thing. If I can give you one
advice from my
experience at the front lines of trading
and investing,
the world always is full of amazing
opportunities.
Clearly, SanDisk and Micron are in that
opportunity space. They are very much at
the center of the opportunity space.
They're probably amazing. But what I
learned is
you have to know where you're an expert
and you have to make sure
if you really want to win to stick to
what you know if you want to expand your
horizons which I want to right I have a
bigger investment theme and Micron is
definitely part of that sisk wasn't yet
but sure uh Intel AMD the whole thing uh
I'm curious about them. I know the
basics, but I cannot make any
investments before I don't fully tightly
understand valuation, discounted cash
flows, growth projections, competitive
situation, cogs and the whole thing. And
for Micron, I know all the basics about
it, but I don't know the details of it,
which are easily knowable if you have
time. So my main advice is I don't need
many stocks. I rather have complete know
I have complete knowledge of Tesla. I
don't think there are many people who
know more about Tesla than I do. And I'm
pretty sure no one can predict the stock
better than I can. And
as I said, I have a even if I look at my
number two micro strategy, Bitcoin,
Ethereum, I have a much lower conviction
in that. I have some conviction, but I
know what I don't know. I cannot
completely guarantee where Bitcoin is in
one month.
Uh, and I also cannot triangulate the
exact risk scenarios as tightly as
Tesla. I want to get to the same level
of predictive power for SpaceX very
quickly. That's my top priority. Um, I
know I don't even have to try for
Bitcoin, Ethereum because you can't.
This is just not possible. You can just
directionally be right. Then the
question is where do we put like you
have to understand like this is not
random. When I do Pioneer Alpha, these
are infrastructures you build. You need
to build the models. You need to build
deep understanding. And I'm stretched at
this point. I can do Tesla. I can't even
do SpaceX myself. So now I need to have
more people, which we will have. We're
building up right now. Next target is
the next target is SpaceX. And as I told
you guys, I ra if if micron goes up
another 400% and Nvidia only goes up
100%. I can still make more money with
Nvidia than with 400% if I'm tighter in
my predictions. So I rather go deep on
individual stocks where I know they are
hot. After SpaceX and Tesla, Nvidia is
on my agenda and then the semiconductor
space. So with Nvidia comes AMD and
Intel, maybe Broadcom. That's the next
piece. How much we can go into RAM and
storage, we have to see. I would love to
because I think Micron is just super
hot,
but Micron ran up a lot. So that's how I
think about this. This is like a lot of
work,
dozens and dozens of hours of work if
you're very AI empowered per stock to
really dig in and understand this stuff.
And once we have the insights, I will
definitely share it with you.
because I don't know I don't need that
many stocks. I'm totally outperforming
everything with basically with Tesla and
a small bunch of other stocks.
Uh here same thing. Uh Joe, have you
considered entering position in BNR?
Uh well my problem with B B B B B B B B
B B B B B B B B B B B B B M&amp;R
Bitmine Technologies,
which is basically treasury company,
very similar to Micro Strategy, but for
Ethereum, led by Tom Lee. My issue with
them is number one, I can trade Ethereum
directly and number two,
uh they are less transparent, less clear
to me, much less clear than Micro
Strategy, and that's their fault. So as
a treasury company, you should be
extremely transparent and should have a
website like Micro Strategy. How hard
can it be? Just do in real time all
these metrics
and I would be much more happy and right
now I'm not happy with them. So I know I
don't have any BN BMR positions and I
don't plan
to have them
uh because they lack transparency. Look
at this. This is how they should do it.
Strategy looks perfect. That's how a
good treasury company should look like.
They disclose their price, which is very
high. I bought this thing at 119
not too long ago. Uh, Bitcoin per share.
Uh, MNAV, where is it here? They have
MNAV now at one 128. I bought it at 108,
I think. Uh, so MNAV is like how much
more the stock is worth than the actual
treasury. uh assets like the actual
Bitcoin they own. Uh enterprise value is
here, market cap is here, Bitcoin
reserve is here.
Uh so basically enterprise value,
market cap, Bitcoin reserve
uh you see you have all that stuff and
then you have the different preferreds.
So that's what B MR is missing. you
know, Bit Mine Technologies, if you go
to their website, it's totally crap. I
don't know what they're doing. Look at
this. This is the This is the
comparison. Like, what is is this VIP
coded or what? Like, where's even like
what is this? This is like completely
ridiculous. There is no information,
investor relations,
company information.
What is this? This is horrible. See,
this is like why don't they have like a
dude who does their website? How can
you, you know, like it should look like
this? How hard can it be?
So, transparency is very important.
Uh,
so many questions. Corridor price target
type seems pretty good accurate. Well, I
think Olojo was very wrong on his little
chart where he compared,
you know, Tesla movements of the
previous years. That was clearly the
wrong implied move.
Any thoughts on Bitcoin? Yeah, I'm very
bullish on Bitcoin right now.
That's the reason I'm coming back to
Tesla says I Yohoo.
There are so many branches of
technology. It's hard to invest anywhere
else. I agree. Your volume is low for
me. Is it is it low for anyone else?
Listening to Tesla earnings call live is
like the Super Bowl. Exactly.
Uh
Tesla stock is like buying an excellent
mutual fund with all the technology that
are doing and will do. Yeah, but will
outperform all mutual funds in my
opinion. What do you think about the
signature delivery model SX sunset event
getting postponed? Do you think they are
preparing for a roadster or cyber SUV
reveal on that day? Rumor has it VIPs
will be there. I have no idea. I didn't
look into that. I'm not following these
little cars too much, but
yeah, probably they want to merge some
events into that. I would not exclude
that. I would be prepared for surprises.
What's going on with the voice volume?
Uh voice volume.
voice volume
ah it's always 30% lower output volume
is maximum
maybe maybe it's a different problem I
don't know general
I don't see any settings for this
that's weird
well this is the indirect ly stream
through Riverside, but that's also how I
normally record it. No volume problem
here. Who knows?
Who knows what's going on? You never
know.
Okay,
I think we got through a lot of things
today. Maybe we conclude with a last
look at the robo taxi tracker, but
nothing new. 39.
Now we are stagnating a little bit.
Let's see when the next push comes. The
devil is in the room. 666,
whatever that means.
And
yeah, I hope that was interesting. Let's
take a last look at the Pioneer Reserve
completely outperforming everyone.
I'm very proud of this. This was an
interesting year. As you all know, you
are following it in real time.
You know,
I trade this pretty institutionally now
or not pretty like very institutionally
now. So when I see people on X just
posting their little results, you need
to be systematic. This is all auditable.
This is all true and it's also just
showing everyone the actual performance.
You can't just say, "Oh, I made like 60%
in the last month." Like, okay, what did
you do the previous two years? So since
I started trading Pioneer Alpha as a
systematic strategy January 1st 2024
which is already nearly two and a half
years we have been winning and the most
important thing is I'm constantly
improving the system. So now that we are
moving into full institutional setup
with the pioneer bonds
since last year probably July when I
really started stress testing that I
also improved the method in my opinion
with more risk controls. So the down the
draw downs are much less because we had
pretty severe drawdowns
uh in 2025 in the first half of the
year. Uh and I didn't like that too
much. So I think I'm very proud of my Q1
this year because last year I made
pretty much a similar prediction that Q1
is going to be bad but my execution was
lagging. So I said it's going to be bad.
I literally said it in December too in
December 2024 after the election. I said
uhoh probably going to be tough Q1. I
was totally right but I didn't execute
right. So I I I
suffered a major drawdown more than
Tesla. And then of course I did the
alpha roll strategy to totally catch up
and made it all back and much much more
which sounds good but I did not like the
volatility. That was bad. And so this
year I'm very proud of myself that I
actually avoided that. I was down the
worst the worst point. We were down I I
think 15% when Tesla was down 26% or
something. So that was the worst but
then we absolutely turn it around. So
very important consistency and avoid
major drawdowns. So that is true alpha.
True alpha means you're not just beating
Tesla on the way up. You're also
dramatically beating it on the way down
by going much less down than the stock.
If you can go much less down than the
stock than your benchmark and go much
more up on the way up, then you have the
double alpha effect. That's the
difference between beta and alpha. Beta
means Tesla goes down 10, you go down
20. Tesla goes up 10, you go up 20.
Alpha means Tesla goes down 26, I go
down 15. Tesla goes up 20, I go up 40.
That is called alpha.
That is what no one can do.
Only us.
So let's conclude this for today.
William is fine. Can you test if you
open other YouTube video sound is not a
lot higher?
Maybe Tesla Larry can predict good too.
He has also SpaceX deep knowledge but
you are somewhere up there.
I mean there are definitely other people
who can also make good predictions but
as I said predictions are not the only
thing you need to predict and be right
but then you need to execute
the trades so you can capitalize on
being right which are two different
things. Only if you do all of the above
can you really outperform.
How do you think Optimus V3 will be
revealed? Will you on X or an event?
This will be I think
Oh, that's a good question. I don't
know. I don't know if it's going to be
an event.
We will see. Do you have a longerterm
micro strategy target? Do you foresee
breaching all-time highs this year?
Well, I think micro strategy is just I
don't have a micro strategy target. I
only look at Bitcoin and Micro Strategy
is just a tool for me
uh in the portfolio because I can't
right now buy I can't buy crypto in the
Pine Alpha portfolio. So all my crypto
holdings are outside the Pine Alpha
portfolio are not being counted here and
I'm not optimizing them for these kinds
of returns. This is very long term. So
micro strategies is my my way of getting
exposure to that inside Pioneer Alpha.
So on on Bitcoin, I think we should go
back to all-time highs very soon. That's
what I think or this year. There's just
too much bullish stuff happening.
Very good.
Thank you so much, guys.
Take a last look at my new light bulb.
That's not on. By the way, very happy
with the light bulb. This will look
amazing once it's on. It's an Edison
bulb. We will also change the background
very soon
and uh that will be amazing. So, thank
you everyone for joining
and see you very soon. Ask your
questions in pioneer.org on the Pioneer
Academy. That's how you can get
everything answered. Thank you so much.
See you very soon.