Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tucker Carlson’s 10-Point Plan: Is This America’s Future?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79vwmomCsdU
Published:   2026-08-12 19:53 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Taka Carlson is probably the most
important commentator in America right
now. The former Fox News host is
building his own network and channel and
has millions and millions of followers,
reaching tens of millions of people,
probably tens of millions of Americans
every single week with his videos. And
he has become the central voice of the
populist right and increasingly also a
voice for some on the populist left
which is incredibly interesting. There
are some speculations what he's up to.
Is he going to stay a commentator or is
Tucker actually venturing out into
politics?
and he just recently last week a few
days ago released a 10-point plan for
America which is more evidence that
something is happening there and it's
worth watching because Tucker is
probably the singular most important
force in American politics in terms of
political activation. So today we are
going to look into these 10 points what
they might mean both looking at the
points what they mean for America if
implemented but also looking at what it
might mean for Tucker Carlson's future.
So the points are here we are going
through them one by one and we start
with the first point fair
basically Tucker is pointing out that
the same law must apply to presidents
federal agents billionaires and ordinary
citizens the whole Epstein class
problem. So he addresses basically the
big topic of Epstein and the idea that
there are multiple layers of legal
application or application of the law in
America not just in America but he's
focusing on America. I agree of course
with him and everyone agrees with that
that everyone feels these laws are not
being applied evenly and that is a big
problem. It happened when Trump was
accused in New York, which was a very
selective type of legal application. And
we saw it, of course, with Epstein files
being hidden and a lot of people
seemingly being above the law.
And the problem with that is once you
allow people to be above the law, it
creates a problem for democracy. It
creates a problem for legitimacy. So
it's a good point to make fair the
number one point. We will get to some
criticism of his points in a second
because obviously the question is okay
great but how? But every everyone agrees
that is a big problem here. The next big
topic he says point number two of 10
sovereignty
freedom from foreign influence. Then of
course we know he's a huge Israel critic
and he has the view that the Iran war
and many other things in America are
driven by the Israel lobby. That is
Tucker Carlson's take. That is also the
take for many on the left, the populist
left. And maybe it's not just about
Israel. It's about many other things
that are happening. It could also be
sovereignty from uh you know sovereignty
or independence from other influences
you know like big corporations
like lobbyists that are hijacking
democracy.
So corporate capture but also finally
debt dependency.
the fact that the United States and many
European countries or all of them are
being pushed into a debt dependency by
increasing the national debt more and
more which means you're losing
sovereignty because the entire taxes go
into uh increasingly into paying off
debt and interest which means you're
surrendering control to the people who
hold that debt and interest.
Sovereignty must exist at both levels.
The c country controls its policy and
the citizens control or the citizen
controls his life and finances.
So very good point here is not just the
sovereignty of the state. It's also the
sovereignty of the citizen maybe even
more important than the state.
Number three, productive.
Tucker says we need to be productive. We
need to do farming, manufacturing,
craftsmanship over speculation,
surveillance and more. You know the
whole criticism. If you don't produce
anything, you have a problem. The city
of London, great example. Huge chunk of
the UK economy, but what does it do?
Shifting some money back and forth.
That's a problem in Tucker's opinion.
Productive work should improve people's
lives, give workers pride, and create
things worth having. This is of course a
very complicated topic in the age of AI.
It's a very complicated topic
economically, but that is his point. We
need to be productive and do actually
things that matter for humans and
produce them domestically.
One of the most interesting points is
point number four. Beautiful.
The restoration of cities and public
spaces from ugliness and disorder.
In Tucker's opinion, we live in ugly
countries more and more, especially in
the United States. Brutalist
architecture replaces beautiful old
buildings.
uh you know graffiti all over the place,
homeless people, we know the whole
problem. If you have ever been to LA or
San Francisco or even New York, there is
a problem there or Portland.
So he advocates for beautiful spaces.
Beauty should be a public objective, not
a luxury considered only after cost and
efficiency. I absolutely agree. Again,
the question is how? But healthy,
obviously better food, sobriety and
physical health. So he advocates for
what RFK Jr. the secretary of health and
human services is advocating for. We
need healthy food. Obviously
success should be measured by the health
and capability of the population not by
healthcare spending or drug consumption.
Again that goes towards sovereignty.
Again who actually controls the health
care policy? Not the people and not the
people who want to keep everyone healthy
but the people who make the most money
when people are sick. Honest,
sure. Consequences for official
deception and access to major state
archives. Here we talk about Epstein. We
talk about 911. We talk about JFK. And
that is also an accusation. A lot of
people level against Tucker. You are
conspiracy theorist. You say JFK has
been assassinated by some other people.
Then we were told 911 building number
what is it? Seven. Building number seven
imploded was actually destroyed by
someone. You can watch the videos. You
probably know all about it.
I say to that, leave Taka alone. It's
not about the conspira conspiracy
theories. It's about being honest. He
just says, if you have nothing to hide,
why are you not publishing the files?
And I have to completely agree.
Something is being hidden here and we
don't need to go into conspiracies.
We can just insist on releasing these
files. The government is there to serve
the people and the people want to see
say want to know the truth. Hey, on this
channel we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand and
predict capital, AGI and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us. the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support and let's get back to the
video. Number seven, we have three more
to go, but number seven, optimistic
children and future generations at the
center of long-term decisions. I one
million% agree here. This is about
families and more importantly children
and optimism has to do with children. A
serious political system should make
family formation possible and give young
people reasons to believe in the future.
Absolutely. KNA also argues that having
children is a biological imperative
and the foundation of long-term
thinking.
And he blames aging and childless elites
for policies that disregard future
generations.
Whatever you think of it, I think
nothing is more powerful than having
children in terms of thinking not just
about yourself and thinking into the
future. I know people I know many people
children are a forcing function because
even the most degenerate person once
they have children kind of cares about
these children. So it is the lowest
hanging and lowest hanging fruit and the
strongest forcing function to make
people less egoistic.
I agree. But again, we will get into the
criticism. You see where this is going.
The question is how
wise?
Well, who can be against wisdom? And so
he advocates for education.
Think Pioneer Academy grounded in
physical reality, human nature, sexual
difference, and practical skill. Well,
that's a random list of things. I think
wisdom is smart, but we have to
understand what wisdom actually means.
Schools should teach what Carlson calls
unchanging facts about human nature.
Again, the question is how, Tucker?
You're basically saying, don't be
insane, be smart. Well, if you tell an
insane person to be smart, maybe that
doesn't work. You know, if you tell woke
people, don't teach all that stuff, they
say screw you. So,
it is interesting to discuss what these
points actually are.
Right. Um, but we get into that in a
second. Education succeeds when people
can understand reality, make sound
decisions, and act competently, which is
very interesting because it goes very
close comes very close to our definition
of wisdom in pioneer lands, the ability
to set the right goals and take the
right actions.
And of course, one centerpiece of
reality engineering and what we do at
the Pioneer Academy is to understand
reality. That is a very important thing.
and the art and science, how we
understand reality in our daily lives,
in our trades, investment decisions,
policy decisions, personal decisions is
one of the big questions.
So number nine, decent.
Again, I will get to my criticism a
second, but obviously decent people are
very good people. Yes, we should be
decent. Moral limits on state violence
and restitution for unjust harm. This is
probably going towards COVID. It's going
to go towards war crimes that are being
committed on our side and how we what we
do restitution. Human beings must become
must come before governments, machines,
institutions and abstract political
objectives.
The US should apologize and pay
restitution for killing non-combatants.
He talked about the girls school in Iran
and I totally agree with it. If the US
would actually pay restitution to the
Iranians for this
accident, war crime, whatever it was, it
would go a very long way. Indecency
means you're not pointing to the
Iranians committing crimes. That's their
problem. That's not our problem. Our
promise when we commit crimes we as the
collective west and yes we should behave
differently and say you know what that
was kind of a crime a horrible crime and
we will pay restitution for it sends a
symbol it sends a signal symbolic signal
that's very powerful he made this point
I think he might be right
of course I also agree the department of
war is a horrible rebrand you don't want
to look like the bully and the violence
perpetrator in the world you want to
call it department of defense
and stop funding allies that commit what
Carlson called genocide, citing Israel.
We know this is very controversial with
everyone who's pro- Israel, but that is
what Carlson is advocating. A decent
society judges policy by what it does to
real people, not by the institutional
language used to justify it, obviously.
And finally, united. I mean you have to
end with that for the United States
shared nation language and boundary
including an immigration pause while AI
labor effects become clearer. I mean
every normal person is for that too. You
need borders if you want solidarity and
unity you can't leave let everyone into
the country who doesn't belong there.
Not hard to understand.
So what we are going to discuss in the
weekly brief is how does this compare
when we say Carlson versus Pioneer
Lands. It's not it's not a competitive
thing. I think Taka Carlson is right
with many of these things. We compared
to the seven principles of pioneer lands
and we think a little bit about what
does it all mean and what does it mean
for
uh for US policy and US politics. Uh we
also look at where Pioneer Lens is
different and how we assess these 10
points and level some criticism. Uh to
take the quick takeaway here is
basically what we uh see with Tucker's
points is that very likely I can get
give you a little bit of a preview here.
Why is he publishing it right now?
I think it signals clearly that
something is up. Okay, let's jump into
the political dimensional. To see the
full weekly brief, go to
pioneerlands.org.
Every single week, we bring you the
latest in politics and the cutting edge
developments in the United States and
Europe, so we can follow the crazy
transformations that are happening in
this age of AGI. The matrix is imploding
and everything is changing. So check it
out on pineelands.org. You also find two
other weekly briefs. one stocks and
capital markets where we cover stocks
like Tesla, SpaceX and of course the
markets at a as a whole. And we also
have an AI frontier weekly brief where
you learn about the latest models, the
latest Chetb developments, anthropic and
claude Grock and the Chinese models so
you are up to date also on technology.
See you in Pioneer Lands.