Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Factory Advantage Is About To Get Even Bigger
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhXdiUfeetY
Published:   2026-06-07 19:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-07 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Giga castings are huge, both literally
and metaphorically. Tesla has used them
with great success. Others around the
world, especially in China, have
followed in their footsteps, making them
bigger and bigger, more effective, more
efficient, more affordable, keeping
costs and weight down with safety very
high. But what is the future? Are they
going to keep getting bigger? Are we
going to see more exotic materials or
configurations? I don't know. That's why
I brought on Luca Greco, the uh the guru
of castings. As far as I'm aware, there
are people who know more than him, but
they are generally bound by
non-disclosure agreements. So, we've got
our very own uh analysts over here
telling us what we need to know. We're
going to get into the future and what
comes next. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Luca, great to have you back. Uh, who's
going bigger and bigger with their
castings and how big are we talking?
Well, the the larger castings from for
now uh are all being made uh in China
unfortunately for um for the western
audience. But um it's the truth. Um
all the large
applications uh like battery trays have
been scrapped in the west and uh I don't
see them coming back in the next couple
of years. Uh while in China they're
ready, they're ready to begin this year.
Um
&gt;&gt; for example,
the largest casting ever was made in
China two years ago. Uh it was the
original Tesla idea uh to make the full
under body of the car from uh front uh
battery tray and rear section in one
piece. But the idea turned out to be not
so convenient and so they scrapped the
plans. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; if you have a structural battery, why
would you need a second structure
through the middle of the car, that's
going to add a lot of complexity and new
tolerances and uh I assume drive up the
scrap rate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Tesla did this
analysis uh and uh I believe three years
ago or two years ago when that famous uh
Reuters article came out talking about
Tesla retreating on Giga Casting, it was
actually a misinter misinterpretation of
what happened because Tesla cancelled
the order for their largest machine uh
which some industry insiders have
publicly said to be uh 15,000 to 16,000
tons. They actually ordered one and it
was being built, but they they cancelled
the plan and they went all in on the
unbox process which utilizes uh smaller
castings uh which you can make with
6,000 ton machines or maybe even less.
But to go back to the original question
about large castings, other than battery
trays, I don't expect new large
applications. there's only so far you
can reasonably go up the sides uh before
you're running into different issues.
&gt;&gt; The other large application was the the
CND pillar on large SUVs like we've seen
from Huawei, Neo and some others, but
other than that there is really no no
real application which are actually
convenient uh to the reduction of
processes and steps and parts.
So you run out of benefits at a certain
point and it looks like we might be
there. What about multimaterial
integration uh where maybe a casting uh
involves some other step or process that
includes a different material. For now,
I haven't seen this uh kind of
integration, although there's been one
uh large injection molding machine
manufacturer which built a 5,000 ton
machine which does uh plastic injection
molding and aluminum die casting in the
same shot, which is extraordinary, but
uh I haven't seen it running. I I've
seen they announced it, but and was
built actually, but never never seen it.
um I never seen a product coming out of
it. Another new frontier in this
multimaterial
um idea is
the aluminum magnesium alloys. Uh they
are basically alloys which are around
60% aluminum and 40% magnesium. This is
to get some of the weight reductions
without actually losing all the uh
corrosion resistance and not having
flammability issues during the die
casting process. Uh this has being
studied in China right now. Uh no real
application right now but that's the new
frontier at least in China.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So Tesla loves to do vertical
integration in China. We see quite a bit
of vertical integration though not as
much as many people think. Uh what is
the advantage to bringing your casting
process inhouse rather than just
ordering it from someone who's you know
very good at it?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's a huge question because
there there are so many so many things
that people don't see. But if you go
back and watch the video from Monro live
when they uh delivered the there were
delivery event for the Cybert trucks and
Monro had the opportunity to talk with
the the Tesla team. Uh Lars Moravi told
uh Sandy that the Tesla engineers with
design the casting, design the body in
white and design the dyes of the
casting. They all work together in the
same room every day. And that's
extremely underrated as a point because
to have such a huge level of u process
control in house it means you can
basically do whatever you want and you
have no um no constraints from your
suppliers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so having all your team uh working
together on die design and casting
design is a huge advantage. Tesla
also has the possibility to uh introduce
for example conformer cooling uh into
their castings which means you don't
just drill straight holes uh in the die
and have some uh basically regional
cooling but you can basically include 3D
printed inserts in the die uh which have
uh channels which replicate the shape of
the casting
and this way you have a much higher
control on on the cooling and it brings
down the cycle time by a huge margin.
This is why initial cycle time for Tesla
was over 170 seconds and it's now 80
seconds or or less even. Uh
just a few days ago they released a
video in which they talk about it um in
Giga Berlin. But all of this cannot be
done when you have a supplier. Uh
because the supplier designs the dice
for you and another supplier, well they
don't totally design the dice for you.
But the supplier is the one who runs the
machines and he's not as wealthy as you
are. He he can take uh all these risks u
which are involved uh when you have you
know uh a $10 million piece of
equipment. So what we are seeing in
China which is extremely interesting is
the OEMs are calling um the die casting
supplier to build their foundry inside
uh the OEM factory.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so it's still the foundry but it's
on site. Yes, it's inside the main uh
factory or main industrial park like and
basically a small portion of your team
relocates to that factory and works with
the OEM to uh build the best casting and
bring all the innovations. It's also
more typical for uh Chinese OEMs to
provide
um assistance with uh software
innovations and AI and designing alloys
and the supplier do all the uh foundry
dirty work which uh foundry people who
are listening know all about but uh yes
there is different models
&gt;&gt; so if I want if I want a foundry to do
it it's going to be cheaper if I want
them to do it entirely. What I'm going
to get is the first product is probably
the last product and maybe in two or
three years I'll get a better product,
but it's kind of locked and the
trade-off is that I didn't have to buy
the machine myself and figure out how to
use it, but I get a product that's
probably not as good. Certainly isn't
going to see the kind of uh running
changes as if I had it myself. And what
it sounds like is the Chinese model is
sometimes they just bring the whole
company in so they can still have the
speed without having to learn the whole
craft for themselves. Yes, it's a sort
of tradeoff uh that the Chinese uh are
doing right now. But yeah, if you use a
supplier and I'm very sorry to say that
because I know uh suppliers in Europe
trying to do this, but it's you know the
OEM can forget rapid iteration the way
Tesla did. Um but at the same time you
know also Tesla has disadvantages in
investing in 20 machines you know
because none of them are running at well
some of them are but many of them are
not running at their full potential you
know that's another that's another uh
negative aspect of vertical integration
but it can be managed.
So if you're looking at uh all these
companies, who impresses you the most
with their, you know, with their
application of giga castings into their
vehicles? Well, of course, uh Tesla, of
course, but I believe that Ford, Volvo,
and possibly Volkswagen,
uh they can reach extremely good levels
of technology sometimes just by copying
Tesla and following their lead. But
also, Volkswagen is doing some
interesting stuff on the battery tray.
But outside of western OEMs, I would say
I'm more a fan of some suppliers in
China than uh than the OEMs.
&gt;&gt; Uh
the behind the scenes, I can tell you
there are there are a couple suppliers
who are doing extremely interesting
stuff. They are bringing uh the machines
to new limits, let's say. I know one
supplier made they are running their
machine at more than 200,000 part parts
per year.
&gt;&gt; And that's a lot. That's basically the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's
higher I believe than Tesla did in
Fremont uh at their peak.
&gt;&gt; So if you were uh looking at the future
of these castings, the short-term
future, are we seeing more integration
of things like the crush cans, of things
uh like better crash performance, like
lighter weight? what is the, you know, 1
to five year outlook on what
improvements we should see in the
castings?
&gt;&gt; That's a great question. Um, I believe
unfortunately,
at least on a visual um point of view,
you will not notice many improvements.
Uh, the improvements will be in the
yield rate and the properties of the
casting. Most of us can't see the
castings anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if you're following me, I usually
publish the images. But um the the idea
is that
companies want to interate into into uh
decreasing costs. And how do you do
that? By reducing the the scrap rate
and
reducing the weight of the castings. So
they will probably uh have less
processes also in in terms of machining.
Um cycle times for mach for machining is
uh quite high from from my
understanding. Uh so that it's going to
be interesting to see how Tesla can
bring down also that aspect. And then
hopefully the the thing that's most
exciting for me is to see magnesium
castings. I don't think we're going to
see them from from Tesla. uh but in
China I know well there are a few
prototypes but none of them really
introduced in vehicles for consumers
&gt;&gt; and what is the weight reduction when
you're talking a magnesium if you were
to replace you know Tesla's rear casting
with magnesium how much of a weight
reduction are we even talking about
&gt;&gt; uh we are talking about around uh 18 to
20 kilograms
&gt;&gt; okay and Tesla famously uh measures
everything in terms of how many
batteries is that? How many more
batteries could I put in? How many fewer
batteries do I need because the weight
has dropped, etc. So, that's exciting.
Are we looking at more interesting
alloys in the future? I mean, aluminum
and magnesium. Is there anything else uh
in the pipeline to watch? Well, it's
going to be interesting to see how it
will work out for magnesium and how
complicated of an magnesium alloy you
need to have the corrosion res
resistance requirements. Magnesium
aluminum will be the main alloys for
sure,
&gt;&gt; the main ones. So if you were going to
consult with someone like Rivian or
Lucid or Tesla, what would you tell them
should be their next big body and white
strategy in terms of castings to gain an
advantage in terms of cost or
performance or safety?
&gt;&gt; Well, I believe Tesla should
should not listen to me. uh but uh first
of all but you know if if you're Tesla
and you you come to me for advice well
you're not uh it means you're a bit
desperate but um let's say on Lucid and
Rivian I think actually they're doing
the right thing uh because both Lucid
and Rivian maybe it's not very well
known but they do integrate many
castings in their vehicles and they
achieve a quite high part reduction and
cost reduction. The new Rivian the
is it the R2?
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; it actually integrates a few rear under
body castings uh not a single one
because they they don't have the
knowledge and experience uh to bring a
giga casting process in house and that's
totally fine. It's a huge investment. So
they use large castings from supplier. I
think it's a good strategy and the same
goes for Lucid. The the thing with Lucid
is that they want to build a factory in
Saudi Arabia where there is no supply
chain. Uh which I don't know what what
what's that about. But
&gt;&gt; well, Saudi Arabia basically owns the
company and they would like to have that
industry there. So if it's a bad idea
financially, they'll still do it.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, first you need to build
the entire industry behind it.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
So
&gt;&gt; otherwise it's just importing dozens
pieces.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Sticking them together. Uh a
lot of that. Yeah. There's uh I
understand the objectives of the kingdom
and why they're trying to get more
industry, but it's really tough. It's
really tough. These This is a very
mature industry. That's why when Tesla
announced that they'd be building in
Germany, I had a lot of viewers ask, why
on earth would you go there? I said
because it's it's a car country. They
make so all the expertise is uh
available in Germany. And increasingly
that's spreading across Europe, but to
get it all the way to the Middle East is
quite another matter. Uh it's pretty
tricky. Um okay. Anything I'm forgetting
to ask about castings?
Uh I don't know.
Uh
&gt;&gt; is there anything uh any particular
company in China or elsewhere that
you're excited about their approach?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Um
unfortunately in China you cannot really
know for sure whether the claims are
fully uh true or it's just some
exaggeration. Uh but there is um Sherry
uh which is a stateowned uh OEM and
they're doing a rear under body casting
with a 5,000 ton machine.
&gt;&gt; Um
this is extremely promising uh because
it's a lower clamping force than Tesla
and they're achieving a big results on
structural properties of the casting. At
the same time though, they're also using
castings from suppliers which use more
traditional 9,000 ton machines. Uh so
it's hard to understand what what's
really going on, but that technology may
be promising. So something to watch. Now
uh the last thing I had, and this is one
that's been bugging me for well since
the refresh of the Model Y, why did
Tesla get rid of the front casting? They
said it was to make things more uniform
across uh different factories, but I
mean this is a proven winner. Why would
we go back on it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. That's um big
misconception that I see every time one
of my pots become uh popular. Uh people
start commenting if it's so convenient
why then they remove the front casting.
Well, the reality is that it was never
uh fully introduced even in Texas and
Berlin.
uh they had a separate line and the the
front casting was dependent on the
structural battery packs uh from the
4680 line and in Berlin it was about the
BYD box.
So the BYD packs got cancelled for
reasons I don't know it's it was about
uh maybe the longevity of the batteries.
So they decided to eliminate that and
they had no other structural part to
replace them. While in Texas, I think it
was eliminated when they needed the
cells for the cyber truck,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Or maybe a bit sooner. Uh but they have
been doing all the chemistry trials even
with the um cathode production and all
of this stuff. You you didn't have
enough batteries. And uh you already
built another uh 2170 line uh for the
Model Y. And the other point is that
when you build a frontend body in a
traditional way, you invested in
thousands of robots in for Berlin uh
Austin and Shangghai. So you don't want
to get rid of them once again as you did
before for the rear underbody of the
Model Y. And just
in general, the technology was not
mature for a front under body because
the vehicle was already designed with uh
a traditional front under body in mind.
So the design that they had was actually
heavier. I think Sandy Monroe uh they
they claimed it was 85 kg which is a
lot. It's at least 10 kilograms more
than optimal. And yeah, but in fact
after uh the model Y the Cybert truck
and the robot the cyber cab they both
use front under body. So that the
technology is still good but it was
cancelled for a different reason.
&gt;&gt; So losing that structural battery pack
uh made it uh erased a lot of the
benefits and uh introduced new issues is
what I hear you saying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, basically yes.
&gt;&gt; All righty guys, what did we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Uh, you got to let
us know in them comments. Luca Greco is
on X. You can follow him there. Uh, he
does have a newsletter that he puts out
if you ask real nice. Who knows, maybe
he'll add you to his list. Uh, I did
that. I get it. It's a lot of fun and it
keeps you up to date with everything
going on in the industry. Uh, and I know
this isn't for everybody, but if you
made it this far in the video,
subscribe. Go head over to Luca's
channel, give him a follow. Everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.