Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock SKYROCKETS Into Cybercab Launch - Will It CONTINUE?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1dxu_xpoRw
Published:   2026-09-03 20:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's September 3rd and today is the most
important day in physical AI in a very
long time if not ever because today is
the launch of the all decisive cyber cap
by Tesla. And that means starting from
today, we will be able to order cyber
caps in Austin and very likely, by the
way, in Dallas, in Houston and multiple
cities, including Miami and Orlando, in
Florida,
we will be able to order robo taxis and
some of them being cyber caps, a lot of
them potentially being cyber caps. And
that has pulled the stock up from its
recent lows and we are hitting 7% today
a little bit down from the highs of the
day down to 5.5%. That's the close. One
of the main reasons why we were up so
much today. We're going to go into the
event a little later. Is a note from
Morgan Stanley that was actually
surprisingly bullish. So Morgan Stanley
today came out and said Tesla they have
a price target of 400 is a little bit
neutral ahead of cyber cap launch but
they're saying Tesla is hosting its
Cyber Cap launch event in Austin on
September 3rd while past events have
driven mixed stock reactions. We believe
there is more at stake on Thursday with
the official launch of the long awaited
Cyber Cap. Absolutely right. The idea
that this is just a sell the news event,
it won't be this easy. It can happen but
this time is a little different and we
will go into that in a second. We will
also go into what I did after getting
all these different news we are going to
go through today. Uh because I increased
my exposure a little bit despite that
huge move today that was pretty good
because of a big core position but I'm
not very I wasn't significantly
leveraged and now I'm a little bit more
but more about that in a second. Mong
Stanley continues with past events,
tangible evidence of commercial
deployment tends to be an important
differentiator for stock performance. I
mean, duh, Morgan Stanley,
congratulations. If Thursday's event is
merely an unveiling with limited
vehicles committed to the road, we
expect the stock to sell off through the
event,
whatever that means. Conversely, a
broader rollout that has a material
impact on the Tesla robo taxi fleet size
could drive stock outperformance.
We go into the event with a positive
bias. That's the key word. As recent
Texas DMV data shows that Tesla has
registered 40 Morgan Stanley, come on.
40
circa 40. Really?
Is circa 40 Morgan Stanley language for
45? Because it is 45. 45 additional
cyber caps for commercial operation
suggesting Tesla is preparing for a
larger scale rollout.
I get the sentiment. It was very good
for the stock, but it's not the most
logical thing here. 40 is not that many.
And they're going to roll out many more.
And it's also 45, not 40. Whatever.
Great. Morgan Stanley today driving up
the stock. And this is a beautiful
picture by the way of Cyber Cap. That is
the first important news and I believe
that was the main driver today for the
stock.
And I agree there is positive bias here.
But there's more. There's more news that
made me increase my stake, my exposure
beyond the core position. Not
dramatically because let's face it, we
have a significant risk of a selloff
tomorrow. Significant risk. But I do
think that risk is below 50%. That is
still very significant. But we have
increasingly a higher risk of this thing
going up and even up by potentially a
lot. You know, we have to think in
scenarios. We have to think in
probabilities. No one can predict the
future. But we can segment the future
into probabilistic scenarios. And that
is how we always win over time. We might
be wrong once or twice, but in average
in Pioneer Lens, we train our brains to
be right most of the time.
So what else happened here?
Some very important things.
this happened and that is another huge
deal.
What happened? That was roughly 8:17
p.m. my time. I'm in Europe right now.
So that was two hours ago. So pretty
late in the trading day and it did not
have any significant impact on the
stock. By the way, we will look at this
chart in a second. But look at that. So
merit got 686,000 views on that.
Congrats, Sawya.
What we see here on the website
is that Tesla for the first time is
talking about selling their cyber cap.
At least that is what it sounds like.
You can subscribe there. You can voice
your interest and you can tell people I
am interested in. Let that sink in. I am
interested in literally cyber cap fleet
vehicle purchasing
mobility hubs and infrastructure event
collaboration. Now this starts to sound
number one very serious for a rollout
but number two it also sounds as if
Tesla is doing something that I said
they will do much later. So I am
surprised here that they will do much
later that they will do earlier which I
don't fully understand why they would do
that but I do understand why this would
be very good tactically for the stock.
Selling Cyber Cap pre-selling Cyber Cap
could be an absolutely massive immediate
boost to the bottom line. If they sell
Cyber Cap for 30,000 bucks or 35,000,
40,000, I think they should charge much
more than that. 50,000 maybe.
You can imagine what that means. It
means that Tesla is effectively
launching an affordable car at a
nonaffordable price at a massive 30, 40,
50% margin that has infinite demand and
can sell the hell out of that thing.
Now, if that happens, it's going to be
transformative for the stock. I'm not
for it, by the way, because I think
Tesla makes way more money if they don't
sell it. But whatever. I'm sure Tesla is
much much more knowledgeable and also
much better at these kinds of financials
than even I am because these people know
what they're doing. So whatever they are
plotting, it is probably extremely smart
and effective. So that is huge news and
that made me reconsider. There were two
things that made me reconsider. That is
the first one. And the second one is the
new Roboaxi
app.
Robo taxi app is ready for download and
has a major update.
And let's see
where we see the right news
because the robo taxi app is now
available
uh across all kinds of cities. More
importantly, robo taxi Tesla
website. What you see on the website,
they just updated,
they updated.
How do I find this on the Tesla website?
They updated on the website their robo
taxi section.
Let me see if I can find that for you
guys. And on that
section, we see a bunch of very, very
interesting things.
I don't even know where this thing is.
Robo taxi Tesla.
Boom.
Here. Robo Taxi. Here it is.
This is the new website that just
launched today.
Obviously, it's very important to read
that website calling your robo taxi. But
here is the interesting thing. They
updated this website today and they're
saying this. We are changing the way
people travel by making transportation
more efficient, affordable, and
accessible than ever before with our
fleet of autonomous vehicles. Okay, no
news. Autonomous robo taxi rides are
currently and they updated this today.
Currently being offered across the US,
across the US
in Austin, Dallas, Houston, Miami,
Orlando, and Tampa.
And everything we see on this website
are cyber caps.
Cyber caps. Cyber caps. Cyber caps.
They're talking about the Model Y. Yes.
Talking about the Robo Van arriving
soon. But they're talking about the
Cyber Cap before everything else. And
they have then down here Q&amp;A. Where's
the Q&amp;A?
I don't find the Q&amp;A right now. They
have the Q&amp;A. Which vehicle do I get?
And then they say, well, look on your
app. What is available? And click on the
available ones. All of this sounds to me
and here's the news that CyberCap will
be available in all of these six cities.
That is a surprise that I was not aware
of. I'm not saying today, but it sounds
like effectively today.
Who knows? But we see now everything
coming together, being extremely
commercial, being extremely ready for
launch, having six cities completely
hardcore commercially live and promoting
cyber gap across Florida and across
Texas into six major major metropolitan
areas. And that probably reaches 50
million people. I have to do the math.
Austin's only 1 million. Dallas is
bigger. Houston is enormous. Houston is
an enormous metropolitan area. Miami is
enormous. Orlando and Tampa. So maybe in
total 20 million people. I don't know.
You should ask AI. But it's an enormous
roll out and it is fully commercial. No
regulatory issues in these two states.
Georgia, many other states coming soon.
So all of that
made me double down, increase my
exposure to Tesla. And here is the
stock.
And I was very hesitant.
You guys understand what I said
yesterday is like
I think the odds are higher than not
that we don't see a drop. I said it's
more likely than not that we actually go
up after the event. But that was before
we went up 7% today and closed at 5.4%.
So I was a little having a little bit
tummy ache here at 7% like should I
really double down into that when the
entire world would expect this thing to
drop tomorrow. I said like listen guys
let's take a big picture perspective on
what's going on here. And the big
picture perspective is that Tesla is
ridiculously down year to date. still
down an unbelievable 16% even after
today. 16% down from year to date and it
started year-to date look at this at
450. It didn't even start at 488
December 18th last year it hit all-time
highs and we are down even more from
that.
And when you put together the pieces and
understand since December since all-time
highs the market is up the market is not
down the market is up. The NASDAQ is up,
the S&amp;P is up,
Tesla is down.
But Tesla, the company, is in a much
better position.
Sales are picking up. The little 2025
Elon brand nightmare thing in Europe is
over. We see Europe recovering. We had
recently bad news, but in general, we
see recovery. Most importantly, the most
important two things, Optimus and
Roboaxi, are dramatically derised.
compared to December. And so in every
single possible respect, the company is
dramatically stronger and more d-risisk
than in December. But we are far below
probably 20% below all-time highs. 20%
below all-time highs while all metrics
and all fundamentals have improved
absolutely dramatically. And today we
have reached that decadel long
elusive point in time where we launch
autonomous vehicles in earnest for the
first time in history and in the world a
company launches truly autonomous
vehicles. Now some critics say are they
really autonomous?
We will see. I believe so. And if that's
true
we have way way way to go from here.
The only reason you would drop the stock
from here is a major disappointment and
a sentiment shift. And you saw the
market today. By the way, my portfolio
was up much more than I expected after
de-risking Tesla a little bit. I was
below 100% exposure to Tesla, but all my
other stocks like went absolutely
through the roof today. Look at Micro
Strategy and Hood. My number
one, two, three, my number four and five
positions. Nvidia was also up a lot.
Space X my second largest position right
now if you take synthetic leverage into
consideration of course beautiful
exactly what I said should happen so
that printed so I was like whoa what's
even going on wasn't just Tesla
so in this market which is an
interesting thing you know I drisk for
September 1st to observe exactly what
happens and on Tuesday when I saw eh
this is actually not as bad I said okay
time to go back into the market this
whole September sell off probably not
happening for now and everyone was too
negative. The entire market was too
negative. We were fear and greed in the
light fear area for the market. So we
see a broad broad recovery here, a broad
sentiment shift towards the positive. We
also had the Fed the second Fed speech
coming out today saying well you're not
going to raise rates effectively. So all
of that is creating a sentiment shift
and we have to learn to not be myopic
when it comes to Tesla and saying, "Oh,
it's going to sell off into the event."
We are ridiculously down on this stock.
Ridiculously down. And there's something
like physics in the stock market. You
cannot take a stock like Tesla, a
momentum stock, an AI stock, and
disconnect it from the sentiment of the
rest of the market too much while its
fundamentals are improving. And with
fundamentals, I don't mean current
earnings. I mean the trajectory of
future earnings. I mean all the
indications that this thing goes through
the roof and to the moon.
And so all in all, what's the worst that
could happen? A little bit of a
disappointment. We launched 20 cyber
caps. You launch 30 cyber caps. Market
thinks are whatever sells off a little
bit. But where do you sell this thing
off to? Where do you sell this thing off
to from 380 when you should be at 488
right now at a minimum.
And I'm not just saying that because I'm
a fanboy. I'm saying it based on where
the market is and where the stock was
and what happened in between. This stock
should be much higher. So if you go into
an event like this in this macro
situation from a stock perspective,
falling from here is hard. Going up is
easy. That's what I'm saying. Plus, and
that doesn't even take into
consideration all the little hints we
got now that this might be the real
deal.
So, I'm I don't have as much I don't
have this much exposure that I would
massively benefit if this goes to 400
tomorrow, but I will be very happy if it
goes up too much. I'm not too happy. I
don't want to miss out on these huge
moves without being really in this
thing. But can I survive a drop to 350?
Yes, no problem. So, that's what I think
about the whole situation. We will see.
The time is now.
And we have to see how we play this
whole situation. If we see a drop, we
have to decide why we see a drop. Is it
just a weak disappointment? And there
will probably potentially be some
volatility because now everyone is
hysterical. So we might see some
volatility where people say, "Ooh, it
should be more." And then it drops
tomorrow maybe.
And if it's for no good reason, it's
time to absolutely double down. The most
tricky situation will be if it starts to
really aggressively rally. Then we have
to be smart. We have to be smart what we
do. Uh not with our core position.
Next week I will update you guys on my
financial model of the stock.
I can give you a spoiler alert right
now. I think the fair future value, not
a stock price target, that's a different
topic, but the fair discounted cash flow
future value of Tesla by the end of the
year in December is roughly $740.
You heard it here first, obviously,
because it's my target, but it's not the
official statement. I will do it next
week with a full model presentation
where you will see what's going on here.
And you will see that my numbers are
kind of conservative that I'm putting in
there.
For some people at least,
50,000 cyber caps were robo taxis. I
project for end of next year. I think
that's pretty conservative and we could
easily exceed that. Some people like
Morgan Stanley say 30,000 by 2030, which
is completely ridiculous. And you can be
sure that Morgan Stanley is going to
follow my little lead. I will force
them. I'm the forcing function that
pushes Morgan Stanley to say, "Oops, you
were wrong. It's not 30,000. It's going
to be 300,000.
Of course, I'm not saying 300,000. I'm
saying more in 2030, but you will see.
So, all of this, of course, very, very
exciting. By the way, we have the Cyber
Bulls, Herbert, Jeff, Alexandra, the
whole crew. I think CERN is there. I
think Future Raza is in Austin. They're
all attending. And so, I hope we get
great coverage from the crew and we'll
see what happens. For now,
let's we have of course a lot of other
market news. Uh we can discuss it in the
comments. Of course, we keep covering or
we start covering also things outside
Tesla once tomorrow is over over the
weekend. We will go into the crazy Astra
Open AAI release that you probably just
saw. Insane benchmark numbers. Who knows
if they cheated or whatever, but these
numbers are crazy. And I am afraid in a
good way that they didn't cheat. I think
Astra might be a total game changer.
Just released a few minutes ago. So,
that will all happen over the weekend.
Let's talk about Tesla and let's go into
Should we play this in a loop here?
Let's go into
the chat and see what you guys think. We
probably have a lot of comments here.
This is the day where things start to
happen.
Here we have Poxy Frostbite. I really
hope YouTube makes the stream play when
it starts.
You were early, Poxy Frostbite.
Four minutes. I hope so, too. I hope it
plays. Love what you do, Joe. Thanks for
all the great commentary analysis. Well,
it's a pleasure. Thank you guys for
tuning in. I'm just doing it for fun and
getting your very smart feedback here
because then we can all learn and be
smarter. Jake Edwards music we back. Not
so clear as day will be a live stream
direct from Tesla friends. We will see.
Bullish as f. Hello Joe. Everyone is in
good mood. It's always good to make a
lot of money. Uh new information
where why does it not show this? Also, I
have to adjust my my streaming picture
here. Hi Joe
Spoor Andrew from Cork, Ireland.
Beautiful. Hello to Cork. Give me a
rough Tesla stock price for end of
October. Who? End of Oc. Well, we have
to be smart about how we think about
this these tactical short-term stock
prices. We don't know. But I'm telling
you guys,
anything that shifts sentiment,
especially with the sentiment of the
market shifting, that goes into oops,
maybe Tesla is actually rolling this
stuff out, will shoot this stock
immediately to 500 that can happen next
week. It can happen whenever the market
thinks it should happen. But there is
this giant wave of cyber caps coming.
So, if you are a long-term investor or
just strategic core holder, I think this
is the time to be very happy because for
you guys, it doesn't matter if it
happens next week or in November or
October. U, I absolutely believe the
odds that we see all-time highs, meaning
500 this year, are very high. Of course,
Tesla has to start rolling these things
out now. If they take it super slow,
it's not going to happen. If they roll
it out and we see many thousands or
10,000 this year, we are going way
beyond 600. We might be even going to my
intrinsic fair value of 740. But that
would require a very significant roll
out that I would not bet on by the way.
Uh I would not bet against but you know
how it is. and the risk for us who want
to make money and generate alpha over a
100% core portfolio of Tesla. That is
the big challenge here in Pioneer Lands
and Pioneer Alpha.
The big challenge is when do we go in
with leverage? Don't do that. By the
way, be cautious. This is all very
dangerous and complicated to do this in
a risk mitigated way. But of course, I
want to do this. It's my job to do that.
And so that's the risky part. If we
start this huge rally, we have to
understand
is this a fake rally? Are we jumping to
420? We are all in and then this thing
drops back to 400
and then lingers around
or is it the big thing, right? It goes
to 400 to 420 to 430 to 425 to 440 to
435 to 450 470 490. That can absolutely
happen. And that is the big tricky part
because if you're getting too greedy,
you're going in, you're making 40%.
And then it falls back and you're losing
50%. That's very bad. So that is the big
trick. But if you're a long-term
shareholder, if you're more
conservative, this is the time to
absolutely double down into Tesla. And
if it drops at any time from now
forward, it's just doubling down time.
There are two types of investors,
two types of smart investors. There are
many types of dumb investors. There are
two types of smart investors. One is a
conservative I don't mean like a con
like a person who's focusing on core
investing having a stock portfolio
doesn't use leverage. They can sleep
very well. They just do their stuff. And
the other one is the greedy smart one
who tries to do synthetic leverage in
between. That's where things get very
tricky and dangerous, but also very
profitable if you do it right.
Sniper Santa Claus says, "Just came here
after watching your previous live just
in time. Welcome back."
Uh,
a ll says, "Hello all. Happy cyber cap
day. This will be a new uh vacation day
holiday." Aonda says, "Hi, Pioneer
Lands." Hello to all the pioneers. These
are pioneer times. We see the future
unfolding in real time. I can't even
understand. I'm using Fable 5.1 right
now to beef up the Pioneer Academy. This
thing is looking better and better. By
the way, see here the beautiful Pioneer
Academy. Look at this. We have the Tesla
Master model now live. The Tesla robo
taxi model in the Pioneer Academy.
Here's some Tesla insights. Uh this is
our investment research section with the
Tesla models
and so on and so forth. So, this is all
coming together very nicely. We have now
the academy life. Look at this. The
thumbnail is getting better. Soon we
will have the options trading live over
the weekend maybe. And Fable is helping
me a little bit with this kind of stuff.
So interesting times.
Mar Marcisujo
portfolio 22,000 up today. Very good.
Congratulations. That is very nice. Many
new cities launched. Cyber cap in New
York. Yes.
Why didn't your cyber bull friends take
you with them? They invited me. It's
just a little far.
Uh, and I have a like I have things to
do. It's easier for, you know, Herbert
and the crew flying down from Washington
or from California. I think CERN, it's
in Texas. I don't even remember where
CERN is. Um, so and we have, you know,
we have our crew on the ground. We don't
need all of us there. Uh, got my Tesla
put. I hope it's a loser, but I've been
through too many Tesla events. not to
collect on some downside.
Yeah,
I had some short calls in between made
me tiny little amounts of money today,
but I got rid of them. Of course, I just
here I was actually pretty good playing
this. I put on some
actually a significant chunk of short
calls expiring tomorrow just to write it
down a little bit and it worked. But,
you know, I got rid of it here when I
realized I need to go more long and then
I missed the last little slide. So, I
made like tiny tiny little fringe money.
But, I liked it. Uh, Poxy Frostbite is
back. Poxy Frostbite with a secret cover
name here. But we know who you are,
Foxy. Uh, hello Pioneers.
Happy Cyber Cap Day. We should
definitely file this as a new national
holiday, Cyber Cap Day.
Boxy says I think it's going to be multi
city even if it's just two. Uh they keep
saying more than expected and I believe
them. Let's see. There will be
volatility right because if they don't
totally surprise today and tomorrow the
stock's going to maybe drop a little bit
because we like oh is it a drop? But I
think this is this is going to be very
shortlived this drop because if there's
a drop because look where this stock is.
I mean just put it into perspective.
This is one of the great tricks when you
invest and do tactical trading a little
bit. You have to always zoom out a
little bit and do p big picture. Where's
the market? Where did the peers go? The
other AI stocks, where is this stock?
And that gives you a little bit
perspective. By the way, if you have a
huge rally day like today, always look
at the other stocks, right? Tesla is up
5.4%. Everyone's like, "Oh my god, Cyber
Cap is changing everything." Like dudes,
SpaceX is up more. Dudes, Snowflake is
up 16%. Not that I have this thing, but
I have uh look at here. Look, Nvidia is
180. That's weak. My Micron I have Oh,
Micron is actually important position I
have. Um, but Micro Strategy, which is
my fourth largest, is 17% up because
Bitcoin and of course Robin Hood is 16%
up. These two drag me up enormously.
That's why I have a massive alpha right
now over Tesla because of these two. So,
put it into perspective. This is not
just Cyber Cap. The market is up.
Uh, France is moving forward with
autonomous vehicles. Well, Elon has
these conversations with friends. It's
all going to happen. Uh, but don't get
too, you know, right now we in a
bullish, we are in a bullish sentiment.
So, be cautious. I think people are
tired of Tesla talk. Says bullish as
fuk.
I think the only thing that moves the
stock is big numbers on the balance
sheet. Bullish as fk. You have to be
cautious. What moves this stock is
momentum. And momentum is shifting back
and it can happen in no time. And it's a
little bit like more an art than a
science. Fundamental analysis. Even
technical analysis is more a science.
But the momentum question is more an
art. When I observe all that stuff and
see how low the stock is and see all
this talk Morgan Stanley and these moves
at some point we might get the momentum
back. But we have to be cautious.
Bullish is correct. This can shift and
then we get a little sell-off. But as I
said, where do we even sell off to?
Where do we sell off to from here?
There's not much to sell off. Maybe
famous last words, but if the market
doesn't crash, and I it's just too
negative to crash.
I think we in a good position.
I'm cautious, but I also don't want to
miss out on the upside.
I got last night. I got in last night.
We found the run up perfectly with
leverage. There is like a
this is daring trading here but good for
you be cautious because it went up so
much I sold my deep in the money
shortterm call options not greedy that
is very smart if you make a lot of money
on long calls just get rid of them just
uh take take the win
uh hi Joe are you selling MU to buy
Tesla at this level well I don't have
any I have only marginal tracker MU
shares. I am short puts. My favorite.
I'm short puts on Micron. They're
printing pretty nicely because I also
think Micron is just so low. I mean,
ridiculously low. And the insanity times
in July are over now. And so people got
a little traumatized on Micron. This
thing going up and down $200 like every
day. Uh that is over.
So I think Micron is a very good
opportunity. You have to be cautious.
Little different game than Tesla, but
it's very nice selling these short puts
here. Exactly. Eclectic Gamer. Same. I
figured 3.5x 50% my original bet is
enough. Uh yeah, normally you should get
rid of calls, you know, once you hit the
50%, 50 60%. But of course, sometimes
you let it run. But get the hell out of
these things when you have your game.
Uh, gorging interest is very
interesting, but it's better than stock
investment and it's a better than stock
investment and b do they need the cash
that badly?
I don't even understand proxy here. Uh,
Peter Hik
says Elon needs to talk about how many
cyber caps they will release in the next
12 months and how much revenue they will
make. The stock will skyrocket if it
does today. Well, they need to show some
I think everyone gets it at this point.
They need to show to the market this is
actually happening.
The whole point of this is now is the
time to demonstrate to the market
somehow that this is becoming a real
commercial rollout. A real one. Not 10,
not 20, not 100, thousands.
The market will react much earlier than
thousands. It will react at the moment
where the market acquires a sufficient
conviction that we are going into the
thousands rapidly. That is the moment.
Okay. The moment is not show me the
money. The moment is show me something
that pushes me over the confidence edge
that there will be money.
Very important.
Cost to produce cyber cap will be 16 to
18,000. Absolutely. That's actually very
precise. That's what I think. Yes.
uh once they hit multiple hundreds
thousand hundreds of thousands in
manufacturing they will absolutely be
under 20k and that will happen in 2028
in my opinion if they sell cyber caps to
the public it kills their money-making
opportunity Tesla is then competing with
its own customers that's kind of weird I
know bullish is foo that's why I thought
they are not going to sell it because
they make much more money but who who
the hell knows it's very simple if an
analyst says someone something I always
assume we are probably smarter over here
because we are in most instances.
When Tesla or Google or Nvidia or any of
these people of these top tier super
companies, when they say something that
contradicts my thesis,
I immediately back down. I would never
assume that I'm smarter about Tesla than
Tesla is about itself. So, I'm not even
trying that. Like the also with Google
by the way if I say oh this and this
should happen Google capex blah blah
blah they should do this and that and
then Google says you know what we're
going to do this and I don't understand
why
in a 100% of cases I assume I am wrong
and they're right. It's very important
to understand who you judge and think
about these people are smart and they
know what they're doing and whatever
they're doing has a reason. I don't
understand the reason why they're doing
this whole fleet situation.
Who knows? We will figure out, but I'm
sure they know something I don't.
Um,
if they give discounts to Uber and Lift
drivers to purchase cyber caps, game
over. Only that like as long as
deployment is the bottleneck, why would
you even sell it? You want to sell the
cyber caps once deployment is not the
bottleneck anymore.
Right. Once you once you can't deploy as
many cyber caps as you are allowed or
could deploy, then you sell them to
accelerate deployment.
Very positive news for killing it in the
global transportation as a service
market. Well, they will just take over
the entire thing. I always said it's
just a question when it works. When it
works, Tesla will absolutely take over
global transportation. That's a very big
market.
Uh well that's going to mess up
everyone's financial models and that's
part of the problem. We need clarity.
Are they running a fleet or selling
these things? We will we will we will
know maybe soon.
Uh I think selling these things makes
them rapidly more money but long-term
less. So you do that if it's not the
bottleneck anymore. Deployment. If you
can deploy more than you can actually
deploy from an opera operator
perspective, you want as long as you say
we have to oversee this and we have
these operators, you don't sell it. At
the moment, this stuff actually works.
Tesla is running into the next problem.
How do you deploy? How do you deploy
millions and tens of millions of cyber
caps rapidly across the world? Because
here's my thesis.
You have metropolitan areas that are
huge. New York, Austin, Dallas, Houston,
LA, of course, San Francisco, Chicago,
so on and so forth, Florida, and you own
those and you operate your cyber caps in
those and you control it and you do not
sell it. But what if you want to do
Boise, Idaho?
Nothing gets Boisey or Eagle, Idaho. Or
what if you want to do Portland? Or what
if you want to do Orange County? Or what
if you want to do some place in South
Dakota?
Even more important, what if you want to
do Brandenburgg
around Berlin? What if you want to do
Mberg? What if you want to do Lund in
Sweden? What if you want to do all these
European locations where Tesla doesn't
have any infrastructure, any real
ability to build the infrastructure?
What if you want to do Prague?
Then you're running into an interesting
problem that you as Tesla,
neither in remote or not even remote
areas in the United States, but in some
random area,
neither there nor in Canada, in
Australia, New Zealand, all over Europe.
You don't want to get your hands dirty
with some local dude administrator. Not
for autonomous vehicles. That is
something Tesla has to take care of, but
for charging stations, storing cars,
parking cars, blah blah blah blah blah.
That is where I think Tesla needs local
help. And Tesla does not want to get
into the business of having two million
jurisdictions with two million different
rules for parking lots and all these
things. and builds a massive management
infrastructure. Oh, you're the expert
for regulatory rules for charger
construction in southern Brandenburg or
North Hessen or you know south of Paris
or like north of Beijing.
You don't want to do this as Tesla. You
want to have other people to take care
of taking care of the fleet doing all
these things. And yes, you will lose
money or you will make less money as
Tesla. And that's why I believe Tesla
will focus their firepower in terms of
building up that complexity on major
metropolitan areas in the United States
that Tesla will fully own and operate.
New York City,
Washington DC,
Florida, all the bigger places. We know
our Texas friends from San Antonio to
Austin, Dallas, Houston, of course, Los
Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, maybe
Sacramento. So that of course Chicago,
of course Boston, I think that is what
Tesla wants to own and manage. No fleet
managers required.
But beyond that,
it makes probably sense to outsource the
logistics problem to all kinds of local
experts who take care of the local
issues and sell them cyber cap fleets
and then charge them and take a little
percentage or a big percentage of the
revenues.
That might be the master plan
for a massive roll out. Okay, I should
do a video on that. That's actually very
interesting.
So,
let's see. Bull elect way more if they
run a fleet. They already sell cars. The
profit margin isn't crazy in selling
vehicles. Well, bullish fuk, but they
would sell the cy I did the math on the
cyber caps. You make 30,000 20 to
$40,000 in margin on a cyber cap per
year. And you have to understand if you
then buy that Cyber Cap from Tesla,
they're going to charge you 50,000 bucks
per cyber cap or something, which is a
pretty good investment. If you make
30,000 a year, extremely good
investment, and then Tesla is going to
charge you 50% of what you make, right,
of the cyber cap,
dam. So, you make half of it, right? If
you buy a thing that makes you 15,000 in
margin per year, and you buy it for
50,000, that's an extremely good deal.
you are break even after three and a
half years and then you just print
money. Pretty good deal. So, I mean the
math works if you can grab market share
much more rapidly with that strategy.
Uh I've been on the sidelines as Tesla
ran. It doesn't feel good. I agree. But
then I changed my mind because of all
these things.
Uh, one label. Hi Joe, I guess we were
both wrong about the cyber cap being
sold. Yes, we were.
But, uh, as I said, I think I have a new
thesis here that they will own the big
cities and operate them, not sell them
because it makes them more money. But as
I just explained, I think it actually
makes sense.
Uh, they are extremely limited to how
fast Tesla can make vehicles to add to
the fleet. They could flip a switch and
four million cars added to the fleet
overnight. Tomorrow not operating their
fleet.
Uh yeah, I mean yes, in the sense I just
outlined.
We can't see the full link for cyber cap
purchase.
You can't see the full link.
Uh, cyber cap purchase here.
I can post it in the in the chat here.
Here is the link. Boom.
In my opinion, Tesla is still a
screaming buy. Absolutely. I think
SpaceX is still a story stock, a story I
believe, but turns into a utility and
transportation for Tesla. There will be
better times to buy SpaceX. Sure. But
I'm on SpaceX. I'm very tactical. I
think now is a good time to buy SpaceX,
but only until next week to the 9th
because then it unlocks. I think they
get a hit this time down, but not right
now.
Uh,
even Pony went up. Wow.
Uh,
Stephen
says, "Retail gets pumped and buys on
news. Wall Street buys on fundamentals.
I'll buy more shares when I sold on the
next dip. Let's see. It's tricky. It's
tricky. As I outlined, very tricky this
time. I had too many calls. Took on a
couple of covered calls for tomorrow. If
you run, I definitely got rid of my
covered calls. I headed in between. Made
a little bit of money today from the
peak. The peak was easy to spot today,
but then I got a little nervous after
all these news came out. So, I made a
tiny little bunny, but I'm out.
Uh, not holding my breath always seems
to disappoint on events. Well, but Jeff,
that's Tesla. It disappoints until it
doesn't. Look at the look at the history
of Tesla.
This time it feels different. Exactly.
Uh, after such long period of poor stock
performance, I only believe it when I
see it. We shall see. Sure. But it's
very tricky. The stock wants to screw
you. That's the problem.
Cyber cap here game
says Cyber Cap will be the cheapest car
to produce. Absolutely. We have to
understand Cyber Cap is an brilliant
thing. It's going to be much cheaper to
produce than the Model 3 and the Model
Y. Much cheaper. This thing is
this is this thing is a miracle of
engineering. It's a masterpiece of total
engineering.
Um,
all I know is the community is way too
overenthusiastic. I see people on next
thinking they're going to be able to buy
a cyber cap tomorrow. Who knows? I don't
think so because that makes no sense. I
think they're preparing fleet sales
systematically for that reason.
Poxy says a big jump and a little sell
off at the end of the day. Sounds like
CyberCap is being treated like a rumor
that checks out for transformational and
disruptive technology.
Uh CL says, "Joe, big fan. You're a
great investor." Thank you. It's
actually going pretty well. The Pioneer
Bonds are coming.
We finally have solved the last little
piece of this administrative nightmare.
We're building a securization vehicle in
Luxembourg that will be accessible
worldwide to qualified investors, not
retail, but you know, many of you guys
are not uh not retail. You're qualified
and accredited investors in the United
States, which is very easy to be
uh
do you have an options investor group? I
have pioneerlands.org and the Pioneer
Academy and we have office hours. This
is all new and the options courses will
be live hopefully over the weekend but
latest next week. It's all totally
revamped. We will have a whole capital
academy, stock investing, options
trading and also kind of fundamentals. I
think the fundamentals of personal
finance are missing. How do you even
save money and build your wealth?
Because we want to be open. We are
working on some university
collaborations to actually get more
students and because we are all too old.
We have all like we are too rich too
old. We need more young people also in
there and help people to start building
their wealth from zero dollars asset and
at the same time have advanced courses
for someone who has 20, you know, 30 40
million.
When will the event start? It starts in
15 minutes. Starts, it has started, I
guess. Let's see. Is this being
streamed? know that there's also an
embargo. So to my knowledge, you can't
even see anything about the event. You
can only hear it after the event. Al of
course here's a very disturbing picture
of the cyber bulls.
Uh I think that's fake. I hope I don't
know.
Uh
what is happening here? So where is the
event? The event is embargoed. So I
think no one can do anything about it.
and then after they can actually report.
So I don't think we get any news here.
Uh I don't think we will have any kind
of live stream of any sort for the event
here. This uh here Chuck Cook actually
explained this whole thing. You can you
know check him out. He's basically
explaining the whole situation.
uh
here
and you see that it's at 4:45. So it's
like now half an hour but no one is
allowed to say anything.
Uh
so I don't even know when how will we
know anything?
Uh
what is the stock doing? Do doing
anything? Stock is not doing anything
because it doesn't know anything.
will be all very interesting.
Oh, we have a lot of coins. Street crate
zero is back. The market can be st super
shortterm. It's only over the long term
that it gets smart. Yeah, it's like, you
know, mean reversion. You have to just
understand what the mean is. It's fair
value reversion. That's the magic of our
Pioneer Lands models that we understand
what the true value of a stock is and
the stock market can never deviate from
the true value for too long and the true
value of the stock end of this year will
be 740 bucks. Can the stock be at 400 or
500? Sure.
But it will eventually get to the fair
value and exceed the fair value because
then it's exuberant. So that is my
little control reference line. I know
how much this thing is actually worth.
What is that? Robert GMA. So my Joe
divided by two 742 divided by two is
360. Not bad.
Uh how can people not see that using
cyber costs under $200 a month and
owning a car cost $600 a month insurance
gather? Why would anyone own a car at
this point? Well, David, people own a
car because there is no cyber cap.
Once there is a cyber cap, you are
completely spot on and it's going to be
a gamecher and there will be tens of
millions, tens of millions of cyber caps
in the 2030s, tens of millions. And it
doesn't take much to understand that.
But people have to see the trajectory.
They have to see, okay, it's actually
happening. And then it will roll into
the little minds over and over like, oh
my god, where does it even end? Does it
end at 10,000? No. Does it end at
100,000? No. Does it end at a million?
No. Does it end at 10 million? No. Does
it end at 100 million? Not really. And
then people will understand, oh, they're
going to make a lot of money.
Uh because some of us want to own cars.
I'll pay hundreds of times what it costs
to take a cap to have one of my own. Of
course, people still want cars, but not
everyone can afford it.
Uh, future Raza is not there. Didn't get
an invite. That's so sad. Pure Futur
Raza. Poor Futurza. But he will survive.
Uh,
Ketchup says, "Hello. Thank you. You put
many things in perspective in the last
Herbert show. Hope that Elon will get
your questions about us." Means workers.
Yes, I hope so. Maybe Herbert can talk
to Elon.
starts in one hour. When does it am I
off an hour? Probably.
Uh
will the test here? No, it will not
stream online uh live. This there will
be no stream in my opinion
because they're not allowed to stream.
So, it's going to be very interesting.
The reason why I'm so bullish now is
because, you know, think about it. The
sentiment is clearly shifting. And
where's this thing going to drop to? And
when you see that line, I mean, we're
pretty much on the line, right? So, we
are here 348, then we went up to 356.
These are the lows, and we went from
367,
now here. So, if it drops back down, it
would, you know, if that trend here
follows. So we are
oops at 348 went to basically 356.
So we are dropping back to 370
whatever. Who cares about that if we
drop to you know if that trend line just
continues and we see a little re
retraction tomorrow to 366. Who even
cares? We just keep doubling down
because
always put it into perspective. What is
the market doing? What is the stock
doing? Where is it coming from? This is
all in the bigger context.
When there's 5,000 cyber caps, the Tesla
stock will be 500. Could be. Uber just
announced 10% layoffs. That's absolutely
true. Uber announced 3,000 layoffs.
Well, they have foresight.
uh
predicting revenue earnings is more
helpful than guessing future stock
prices. Well, you you predict future
stock stock prices or at least fair
value by doing exactly that. And you
predict revenue and earnings by
predicting the deployment trajectory of
robo taxis.
That is why we have this beautiful
beautiful
robo taxi model. Here you can actually
download your simulators in investment
research. Oops. Here in Tesla investment
research. This is the robo taxi model
that I presented in one video that got a
lot of attention that video but I will
do an update on the video next week and
go through the robo taxi model again and
there you can model it out. What does it
actually mean for cash flow and for
earnings if you put in a certain robo
taxi number.
That is why we have these things.
Taxes aren't a big deal for trading.
It's normal income. That is true.
Tesla's up 84 cents after hours. That's
huge. Does Tesla bot have to come out
and make lots of money for Tesla to
reach 2,000 share in your opinion?
Absolutely not. You can easily reach
2,000 on Robo Taxi. And also you can't
even separate these things because when
you make 2,000 from robo taxi per share
of course Optimus will be also alive and
add to that
uh
740 this week. I would bet against that
um
410 and then it drops. I mean, we can
speculate about all day long what it
will do, but uh here Croftton says,
"Love your simplicity, Joe."
That can be a compliment or a backhanded
compliment, but I assume it's a
compliment. It's great. Uh Tesla 350 by
AM. I don't think so, but maybe 360. Who
knows? Greet is good. I actually have
also in the options training course, we
will talk about greed. We will talk
about excessive greed, appropriate
greed, and conservativism.
And the answer is if you want to make a
lot of money, you should be greedy, but
not excessively greedy. That's the
secret.
What time is it, Mr. Wolf?
It is cyber cap time.
Tesla at Lunam.
Raymond Chen, that's very smart. Who
wants to go at Astra? If you can go at
Lunam
to the moon for those of you who don't
speak Latin, which is a rare minority in
my viewer ship, of course, you all speak
Latin. Uh, Gazard
holding isn't always easy.
It's true.
Counting chickens before they hatch.
We that's what we have to do, right?
That's called predicting the future. You
have to count the chickens that don't
exist yet. Just don't get carried away
by it and make sure you actually
counting correctly before they hatch. Uh
proxy proxy says for leverage, don't
write the kangaroo. That's a funny
expression. I love it. Don't ride the
kangaroo. Investing is like being the
house at the casino. Why surrender your
house edge to contract costs? True.
robot takes a day since April. Not a
day, but I think we are we are probably
close to 3,000 cyber caps now produced.
I said 2,000. Everyone doubted that it's
2,000. And then we saw the win numbers
and it's 2,400. Bing. So there are
probably 3,000 other caps now
going towards 5,000 by October or 6,000
by October.
Uh, how many caps do you think will be
rolled out later? I I don't think I
think people are over over zeroing in on
tonight and tomorrow.
This is not going to be, you know,
they're going to start doing it. You
have to watch this over the next week
and two weeks. And I do think yes, it
will be 100 plus over the next weeks.
Definitely
Street Crate Zero nails it. The stock
market, future markets, and things like
DCFS are based on counting chickens
before they hatch. You even count the
chickens before the egg. You know what
came first, the chicken or the egg? And
the the truth is, you start counting
eggs that don't even exist. You you
start counting the chickens and bet on
when they hatch out of eggs that don't
exist.
That's the future. But you have to be
right.
Really hot in Austin this time of the
year. Yes. Elon said it's bad for
recruiting right now in Austin because
everyone is dying of heat. Hi from New
Zealand. Rob Natush. I just have a great
conversation with someone a pioneer from
New Zealand. So greetings to New
Zealand.
CERN is Herbert's plus one. That's so
romantic. I'm so happy for them. You're
right. Um, but everyone said it won't go
up today. Exactly.
Uh,
crypto's up a lot and Micro Strategy's
up 15%. That is correct. And Robin Hood
is also up 16%.
Uh,
happy Cyber Cap day from Liverpool. We
have the UK on board. Hello to
Liverpool.
Uh, wow. Today we have so many comments.
Everyone is always wrong. China shill.
That is a very deep insight. I wouldn't
go that far. I don't think everyone is
always wrong, but most people are most
of the time wrong. Someone has to be
right at some point.
So
here, retailers sold institutions have
bought lately. Yes. So that's also very
bullish because all of retail is kind of
out of the stock and now is the time for
everyone to come back in at some point.
I'm I'm not sure now but at some point
in time.
Uh do you know if Tesla will live stream
the cyber capab tonight? No. I I know
that they won't live stream it. It's
going to be very secretive which is like
weird because how will anyone know what
happens? So
this is going to be very interesting.
But the re the the the fact that it's
so, you know, dogs that bark don't bite.
And wait, dogs that bark don't bite and
dogs that don't bark bite.
Tesla used to be the dog that barks
with the old launch event and the cyber
cap day and then didn't bite.
So today
it is a dog that doesn't stream.
A dog streaming is new biting in case
you didn't know, right? No one even
meets each other in person. So you can't
bite people. You have to stream. And if
you don't stream, you don't bite. Uh you
don't bark. So you bite. That's my
theory. So in other words, Tesla is very
quiet about this whole thing and it's
not allowing any information out. Why
would they do that? Why do they call it
launch event and then they don't even
stream anything?
Maybe because they're actually launching
the service. New robo taxi app, new
website app for commercial robo taxi
operation. Maybe they're just launching
it now.
Think about that.
John John Bose says he's going to huff
and puff and blow Uber, Whimo, and Zuk's
house down. There's a story that John
Bose is referring to and the story is
that of a little piggy and the two
siblings the piggy had and the evil wolf
and the first little piggy the first
little piggy
they wanted to build protection against
the wolf I don't know if you know this
little children's story so in the first
little piggy to protect itself from the
wolf
saved some
got to its other sibling, the other
little piggy, and they thought, "How do
we defend against the wolf?" And they
bought lightars from China, and they
built a little fence and put the
lighters on. And then the bad, bad wolf
came along, huffled and puffled, and the
lighter didn't see the wolf, and both
got eaten.
And then the little sibling piggy
actually went to Elon created a neural
net end to end neural net 10 cameras.
The camera saw the wolf the trap snapped
and the wolf was trapped and the little
third piggy that didn't rely on lighter
lived happily ever after. This is a very
important story.
The semi- business is incredible.
However, Tesla semis won't move the
needle. I'm not sure about that if they
become autonomous.
We have so many comments today
here. Sorry, Joe. I was talking about
cyber cap asking for interested cap
investors, but this is a better than
buying stock or b does Tesla need cap
cash that badly. Well, my theory, I
outlined the theory. I should do a
dedicated video on my new theory because
this is a smart zip theory. I think it
is not that simple. Do you want to sell
cyber cap or not? And you definitely
don't want to sell it to retail. That
makes zero zero sense in my in my mind.
You want to sell it to fleet operators.
You want to have contracts with fleet
operators. You want to carve out cities
that you control yourself because Tesla
makes much more money operating these
caps themselves. But there are
operational hurdles when you really
think it through. I will have a video on
this. I like the idea. I should like put
this into a structured video.
How do show it's real? We open
pre-orders today.
Cyber cap still can't read signs. see
chains blocking a parking spot or avoid
potholes. It will not scale to more than
100 or so. Too many remote operators are
still needed. Let's see about that. This
is all changing very rapidly now every
single week.
Uh today Tesla's graph just like Joe's
hair. My hair. What's my hair? Oh, it's
going up and down.
Uh, Elon, I'm telling you, is a freaking
wolf
kind of. I think Street Car Zero says,
"I think Tesla will always use
exponential ramping, but they may have
hidden the start of one of their curves
before today." It's true.
Uh, when here Daniel Shukis says, "Went
allin with core in margin yesterday and
out before the event with all the
leverage. Worked out so far." Well, that
was a pretty bold move, but
congratulations. That was a tight move.
I would keep the core position because
it's not worth it. But very good with a
leverage
shorts about to be toast. I don't
understand how you can be a Tesla short.
This is like so insane.
Uh
oh, we have so many comments today. This
looks like a sell the news event. I
mentioned we had come off the lows
yesterday which pointed to today's
rally. I sold at 382 and hoping to buy
back in the 360 range in the next few
days. But that's what I mean, right? If
you're a co- investor, who even cares
about that? But if you're like, you
know, walking on the margins or on
margin, yes, Roy McDonald has to be
cautious and can make more money this
way. if you're right.
Uh
here Gim Hazard says we may see info on
the ramp but in three years. Come on,
everyone believes tens of millions of
cyber caps will come. I agree.
Bizarre take maybe. But if New Mexico,
Arizona, Nevada, California all jump on
board Cyber Caps could leave Austin and
drive through all states to their
destination. Maybe
uh
I believe Sava will only be sold to
external cap customers who live in
fringe areas that are too far from the
main service to practically bring home
at night to charge and clean. Last phase
also. Well, I mean, I think you need to
unlock all these areas with real
infrastructure and Tesla has no appetite
in doing so. They will focus on the
major metropolitan area to own and
operate in there and print infinite
money. But if you want to do it in South
Dakota, Oklahoma, and so on and so
forth, they will sell you a fleet, which
is actually smart for everyone.
That is what I think.
Cyber cap for the win says Roger Jack.
Cyber cap for the win, Joe for highness,
and all is good. Don't forget to like
and subscribe. Exactly. In case you
don't know the highness joke, we are not
going to repeat it, but you will learn
over time.
Did you guys know, by the way, this is
like the insanest story ever. Do you
know Veron Brown? Veron Brown?
Look him up. He's a big rocket dude to
just make it a short story. He's the
greatest rocket dude of all time. He
worked for a certain person before he
worked for NASA.
His former employer, let's say, had like
issues and then he worked for NASA and
he brought America to the moon and he
was a German dude. So he's very famous.
He basically invented rocketry and made
Apollo happen. He was the mastermind of
modern rocketry. And this guy
wrote science fiction novels because why
not? And in one of his novels,
you have to look it up. It's like
insane. In the 50s, Vera von Brown
himself, the mastermind of all rocketry,
wrote science fiction novels. And he
wrote about how humans will go to Mars
and build a civilization. And Vera von
Brown in the 50s wrote that on Mars a
new civilization of humans will rise and
that the head of the civilization's name
will be Elon.
Like I couldn't even like look it up. I
have no idea how this happened. Maybe
Elon's dad named Elon after him. I don't
know how this I have no idea how this
can even happen. This is a simulation.
That's final proof of the simulation.
Joe Buckley question. Joe, would it be
possible that Tesla sells Cyber Caps to
quickly dominate the market? Yes, that's
what I outlined, Sean. Uh, but with a
specific strategy because you want to do
as much as you can yourself.
What is this? Join in and ba at the
moon. What is that? I don't understand
this one. Um,
Kardashev on Earth. That does make no
sense, but who knows? Uh, robo taxi
franchises
here. odds MKBHD will have to shave his
head by end of year 2026. What was his
stupid bet again that no one can buy
Cyber Cab or that Cyber Cap can never
drive around without a steering? He did
some of the dumbest stuff. He will
definitely lose his hair.
Um
why is it jumping so much? Oh my god, so
many questions today. bought 200 units
at 310 a month again and sold calls for
360. Expiring date being end of
September 20. Ouch.
Don't sell calls.
Oh, I would not like to be in that
position right now.
Uh
my guess is sell the cyber cap into
smaller markets only. Yes. In remote
areas like just it's very simple. Tesla
should grab the top 20, top 30, maybe
largest metropolitan areas and own them
and don't sell any fleets for the entire
rest of the country. Just sell the
fleets and let other people figure that
out and Europe.
Uh so my theory about FC expansion in
Europe is exactly that there it makes a
lot of sense. Maybe you want some
German, Paris, maybe London. Maybe you
want to own and operate these major
metropolitan areas, but then you have to
deal with every single jurisdiction.
It's like super annoying, but it's also
very large markets. Who knows? But you
definitely don't want to go into like
German states and like remote areas and
try to build your parking lots. Like
Tesla doesn't want to do that. That's
crazy.
So that's where you want to sell your
fleets.
Did you see a shark's shirt in the
pictures he took on X today?
No. What is it? Let's see. A shock.
What? What did he do? A shock. Did he do
selfies?
What did a shark do?
Big day today for the future of
transportation. Where's the shark?
These are old ones.
Where's a shock? A shock. A shock
t-shirt.
What about his sheer shirt?
Oh, Optimus.
And we have a German visitor here. Very
nice.
I see what you mean.
I mean, I don't know. Maybe Optimus
shows up
here. Canada syndrome. Ideally, if
you're lucky,
massive rally on Tesla, then flip some
of that to SpaceX if you're thinking
pair trading. is well it's basically is
a whole different
different animal
here. Key trader says I saw Cyber Cap
today in Boston's Fenway area with a
driver inside. It's coming soon to
Boston. Boston is also on the agenda.
Uh unfortunately T Tesla is still banned
from selling in Wisconsin and cyber caps
are also illegal. They're not illegal,
but I don't know if I should cover that
in video, but I understand the
regulatory situation exactly now with
cyber caps. They are legal. There's a
little bit of a like like a little bit
of a gray zone, but you can deploy as
many cyber caps as you want in the
United States now unlimited.
It's a little debatable, but Tesla is
taking the legal position that you can,
and they probably would win this.
It's a little daring, but you know, they
they would probably very likely win
this.
My god, we have so many comments today.
What's going on? This is crazy
here. Bullish, they're not going to
stream it. No streaming. No, you have to
watch this one uh guy who's very smart.
Uh he's informed. He did a stream on X
and he said they have to sign NDAs. No
one is allowed to publish anything about
the event until the event is over. So I
would expect in two hours or something.
I don't know how I don't know what they
do on the event, but no one is allowed
to talk about anything while the event
is ongoing and then after the event, so
in two hours or whatever, then everyone
can report on it. I don't know exactly
how it works.
Uh
Wow,
I've never had that many comments. You
guys are into cyber cap launches, it
seems. Too funny. If Elon was at all
serious, he would get funding to give
five to 10 cyber caps to each homeless
person.
Why is that? Why would you do that? Oh,
maybe I have a monopoly right now
because the cyber bulls are not live
because they are shut down by Elon. See,
I'm filling the market gap. I've
cornered the entire market for Tesla.
Well, Py, where's Py? Peggy could
stream.
Uh, there is no stream. You cannot watch
the event. There is no stream. Only you
can only watch Pioneer Lands. We are the
only ones covering this.
Uh
here project Mars is the science fiction
book that mentions Elon by one Brown.
Wow.
Each homeless person then gets removed
from all social programs at the same
caps
Brian. That's not the most efficient way
to handle a homeless problem.
Uh,
nine minutes.
Godard was the father of rocketry.
Wernern Brown made it all happen. Wavon
Brown was the guy who made it all
happen. He built the rockets that
actually went to orbit. They were used
for bad things
to be completely transparent but the
Americans got him and then uh he built
the Apollo program after the Sputnik
shock made clear to the Americans that
they don't know how to build rockets and
the Russians stole all the German
engineers who can actually build the
rockets whereas the Americans stole the
the masterminds and so the Russians were
actually ahead. It's a very cool story.
Uh 380 was massive resistance. Are we
going to a leg down? Well, it depends
how strong the push through the
resistance is, right? We will see.
I mean, of course, the odds is that we
are bouncing around a little bit, but we
could also burn through this pretty
aggressively. We had very high volume
today. By the way, when you look at the
stock, volume was
very high. 43 million shares volume and
average volume 33 39 million. So we were
above average volume. So pretty strong
volume days up.
I want an army of robot slaves so bad.
Please let us buy them for economic
benefit instead of just taking jobs. I
guess China
will be there for me probably.
Briman, hi gang. I'm late today. I'll
catch up later. Very good.
Okay, we have to wrap this up. Hello Joe
from Switzerland, but we have to wrap it
up. It's getting a little late here, but
it's pretty exciting. This is like a big
It's very big event. Hi Joe from
Switzerland. Gi
to Switzerland. What do we have here?
Fruit cle in Norway always no one knows
about rubot taxi and all the benefits.
Uh in my city Ben is at the North Sea.
Bergen is a little rainy. I've been
there once
but I love Norway. It's very nice. Oh, I
lost the Norway.
Uh in Norway always no one knows about
ro taxi in my city Bergen. They are
planning
trams uncomfortable and expensive. Hope
people will understand more after
tonight. Yes, I hope so too. Norway
could just buy all the cyber caps. That
would be so cool for Norway. By the way,
uh
Uber is lost.
Why is it so jumpy here? I helped set up
the semi- delivery event. Wow, that's so
cool. Don Masten,
no longer an employee. There was 12
months ago, but joined back in 2018. I
was looking forward to seeing a live
stream event. Yeah, but it's not here.
It's weird that they don't have a live
stream. Very interesting stuff.
Uh
here, Nigel Smith, 10:45 p.m. here, UK,
and I'm one of probably tens of
thousands of private investors wanting
to see this event. Fully invested over
six years and living well below my means
to invest, but no live stream. Well,
maybe that's a good sign, Nigel. We
don't want a live stream. We want the
stock to go to the moon. And maybe if
they don't bark, they bite.
Um
here Mractus Joe has cornered the Tesla
launch discussion. Exactly.
They're all trapped. The competition is
trapped in a situation where they can't
live stream. Golden opportunity for the
Pioneer Lens media empire.
Uh
here. Roger. Jack Joe, will you be
coming to Austin for XT takeoverway
event October 10th? I wish, but I'm busy
and I'm too far away. I went to uh St.
Louis Abyispo. When was that? In 2024,
maybe. That was nice. That was a nice
event. I met a bunch of cool people.
If there is a link to the event, no,
there is no stream to my knowledge.
Uh actually one brown used Robert
Godat's design. His first rocket launch
was in 1926 I believe. It's true John
Smith but you know how it is. Of course
everyone learns from each other but you
know the difference between design and
making that stuff happen. Have you seen
the V2 the V2 rocket? This is like a
wonder weapon. It's a wonder. It's a
it's a technical wonder. The V2 rocket.
Like look at this thing. It's
unbelievable what they built. Totally
unbelievable.
It's not just good at design. You need
to figure out all the crap. Like look at
that thing. It's like amazing.
Uh Oman says, "Sorry if I'm late. Is
there any info coming out from the event
while it is going on?" No, they have a
complete embargo. The event is
completely embargoed. No one is allowed
to say anything throughout the event.
So, we have to wait another two hours or
whatever. No one knows how long the
event exactly is. And only once the
event is officially wrapped up, they all
had to sign stuff and they have a
complete embargo. Only then can they say
something
which will be uh nerve-wracking
here. There's no stream. So we all have
to watch Joe telling us there's no
stream. Exactly. That is the sad
reality. There's only one stream and
that's my stream. And my stream is
telling everyone there is no stream.
So, we have to speculate and wait what's
actually happening.
Uh,
did you guys see that there are 420
registered Teslas robo taxi today?
Is that the case? That would be funny.
Uh,
I think this time says Patrick. uh the
stock is going to go uh the stock is
going to react differently. Usually it
goes back down after any good news. I
have a feeling that it will go up with
good news. I think so too. I think we
are more likely to go up than down this
time. This time is a little different.
The exactly Randy says you are live
streaming cyber cap event. This is the
live stream. This is the cyber cap
event. Here I can show you the cyber
cap. We should have like a We should
have a drone. Maybe Joe Techm is
secretly watching
watching the event from above. Is Joe
doing anything? The other great Joe
three hours ago. They streamed this year
by the way, but not really the event. It
was
So
this
I think you
This is Joe Techm
uh live pictures. No live pictures.
Where can we find that live Tesla Cyber
Cable launch event stream? There is
none. It is embargoed.
Uh, no stream
after the event. Yeah, I have no audio
here because everyone's always annoyed
by the audio because it's so loud. So,
we have no audio. Uh,
so the big question now is since we
don't have a live stream and then
everyone comes out and tells us
something, you know, what is actually
going to happen here? What is going to
happen with this whole situation? What
will drive the stock up or down? Of
course, one of the key numbers we have
to watch, but there are more things than
just that number. One of the key numbers
we have to watch is how many cyber caps
are being released into the wild. Will
that even be clear? Will that even be
clear? Probably not, if you ask me,
because everyone is like, will it be 10?
Will it be 20? Will it be 50? How do we
even know? We don't know. We know that
40 are registered. 45. I'm already I
already sound like Morgan Stanley. It's
not 40. It's 45. We have 45 registered.
So maybe they're alive, but how would
you even know? They're not going to tell
us how many are live. So the interesting
thing is this will not be that clear. So
tomorrow we start trading and the market
will ask itself like, okay, but what's
even happening?
What is even happening? And of course
the cyber bulls and everyone who attends
the event will report after the event.
And in probably two hours, we will see
the first reports
and we will see what Tesla actually
tells everyone. We know that the fleets
are being sold right now. That is a huge
piece of news and hopefully we will
learn more what's going on there, but my
suspicion would be we won't learn much
about that. Tesla will just say, "Well,
go to the website and register if you
want to buy a fleet, right?
We don't tell you how many we sell or
anything like that." So that is the
tricky situation and that's why I said
you know this is a different type of
event. It's not live streamed. It is
actually not an event at a venue. It's
like in the outdoors somewhere where
they can hail these cyber caps.
And so I think this event is a little
different. Why it also potentially will
not be a sell the news event. This event
is a little different because
people will not even know what exactly
happened.
It will just be a launch event and then
no one knows exactly how many seller
caps people can start ordering them. So
we should expect that this time is
different because it's not a singular
event that announces something. This is
the launch event for commercial
operations. And to determine
how big this is will be impossible based
on just now the event and instead will
be determined over the next days and
weeks when every analyst, every investor
will observe. Okay. But how many cyber
caps are being registered? How many
cyber caps are being reported on all the
cyber cap trackers? and how many people
report on using these things. And so I
think this time that is why it's a
little not a sell the news situation.
There will be no hard news in one moment
in time. It will be more something that
unfolds starting now over the next
period of weeks to actually inform the
market. Is that the real deal or is it
again like fake news?
Do you know what I mean? It is not
something like a normal actual event
where we announce stuff at the event.
There is no announcement. That's my
theory. It's just a launch
here. Someone I need to send my digital
AIS to
cut off Brian from the feed. He knows my
secret
that cannot be allowed to be
disseminated.
Didn't I get a ticket? I can't like just
fly over there. I'm very busy. I
probably could have gotten a ticket if I
asked nicely, but uh it's not in the
cards. I'm very busy. I'm building up a
freaking like thing right now. Pioneer
bonds in institutional
securization vehicle so all you guys can
participate in the master mind pioneer
alpha strategy. So I'm very busy right
now. I can't just fly around the world.
Um
here what do we have?
Ali. Hello Joe. My girlfriend and I are
on holiday in Spain and we both love
your videos. We think you're a smart
dude and we both have a great uh
conviction. Thank you for the live
stream. Well, it's my pleasure.
Greetings to Spain. That's a beautiful
place. Greetings to both of you.
Uh here Alan Porter says, "Sell
franchises and cities that don't want to
totally control. They just maintain
standards." So the robo cap experience
is the same great experience everywhere.
and the app absolutely they can't even
unlock all these things.
Um
NY post New York Post is running two
negative Tesla crash stories. The media
is so critical so lame. No one cares
anymore. They're losing all their power.
We won't be able to order cyber caps
now. First Elon will scale the USA then
later personal cyber caps purchase. I
think Tesla Granny it will be all about
fleet operators. You need to buy a lot
of them. Uh,
question for Joe by Brian Kh.
Uh, question. Will Cyber Cap know
whether somebody climbs into a trunk?
Third passage.
Good question. I don't know. Probably.
Big fan number one is live. Hi Joe. Big
fan number one. It's very smart these
names. The market will sell the news on
Friday because the media hates Elons.
Uh, that's what they do. Then it will
climb on Tuesday after Labor Day is my
guess. This is not not unlikely. Very
possible. Gaston, hello Joe from
Argentina. We didn't have that before.
At least no one said it. So, hello to
Argentina. Far away. I heard it's
beautiful.
Uh
here, Roger step. Tesla wants to prevent
attendees from leaking their
impressions, safety concerns, glitches,
or operational details before Tesla
publishes its own curated version two
hours later. Yeah, which is good. They
take it very seriously this time.
Tesla is dropping. Is Tesla dropping?
Well, yeah, Tesla is dropping
five%. This is nothing. If it drops, it
drops much more than that.
Oh my. OMG, I saw Kevin Durant here
riding the robo taxi. What? Where
is that real?
Big red bar on Tesla price now 37442.
Dudes, you think that's a big red bar?
$126. I will survive that. If it drops,
prepare for something much worse than
that.
Hello from Portugal. Username VF
Portugal, Spain, Argentina.
We have so many
people from all over the world.
Okay, guys. Oo, it's already midnight
here where I am. Queen D2
close out for today. Even though I have
a total monopoly today. Uh,
I still have to wrap it up for you guys.
We will see what happens.
I am in.
Not insanely in. I can survive a little
bit of a drop.
350 wouldn't be nice. 360 wouldn't be
even a problem, but I think it's more
likely than not to go up. And I think
strategically we are setting up for a
big run. If it drops, it's just a buy
the dip opportunity. We will see
tomorrow what happens. We will see the
news coming out of this. Matias Gunvald,
hi from Denmark. Oh, now we get all the
germs in the Danish. Uh, hi to Denmark.
Where are you in Denmark in Copenhagen?
Uh,
so hi Joe. Love all your videos and your
appearances with my other favorite
YouTubers.
Yeah, thanks for tuning in.
Buy the dip. Be a dip and buy the dip.
This is deep. This is a deep deep uh
philosophy here.
Portugal
back. So,
okie dokie. So, let's get ready. Let's
see what happens. Uh, I hope you guys
have a good trading day tomorrow. And I
think the future is here. This is going
to be huge. It doesn't matter if it dips
or not. It's going to be beautiful.
Thank you so much everyone. Thanks
builder foresight. Have a good evening
and uh
stay tuned. We continue tomorrow.