Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Deploys Major Unsupervised Robotaxi Area Expansion ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thk3Tx2qcmw
Published:   2026-06-03 18:08 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-03 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. Finally, a show just made
it official. Unsupervised robo taxi is
now available in the greater Austin
area. So, as Jesse pointed out, now the
entire geoence for Tesla in Austin is
covered by unsupervised robo taxis. And
up until this point, it was really only
the primary geoence where unsupervised
vehicles were operating. And then
earlier this morning, it was expanded a
bit to the south. And then shortly after
that, as a shoke said, it's now the
entire geoence that's covered. So this
is very welcomed news. Finally, there's
some movement with Tesla's robo taxi in
the positive direction. And it is a very
clear signal of confidence that Tesla
now has with unsupervised in the entire
geoence. So now I think from here things
have a chance of getting quite
interesting. Naturally, all along
Tesla's been in a race to remove safety
monitors. That's not a profitable move.
Then, of course, on a super small pilot
type scale, it's not going to make that
much of a difference. But, as you know,
theoretically, if one unsupervised
vehicle can cover the entire geoence,
then what's actually stopping Tesla from
having 50 or 150 unsupervised in that
geoence? The real answer would only be
infrastructure. Something like remote
operations. if that's not fully sorted
out and not ready to handle the influx
of vehicles. But we'll find out soon
enough. And now theoretically, the
floodgates in Austin could open any
time. And this image was shared of cyber
cabs piling up in Dallas. I counted 26
just in this photo. And Saddok, who's
been reporting from the ground in
Houston, said he found vehicle number
nine, which was a Model Y, added to the
fleet. So maybe it won't just be cyber
cabs being added from here. Just
remember, it's always tough to know how
many of these vehicles are operating at
any given time, but we have some
movement and it's starting to feel like
things might be picking up here in the
weeks ahead. And I actually just found
this image shared this afternoon with
over 30 cyber cabs in the Dallas lot. So
clearly, they're getting ready for
something. But the big news for today,
safety monitors in Austin may no longer
have jobs. And now the big question is
how many unsupervised vehicles will
Tesla deploy in Austin. Maybe they
maintain the same number for the next
week or two just to make sure these
unsupervised operations in the entire
geoence go well. But if the
behindthe-scenes infrastructure is in
place, we should definitely see the
number of vehicles in Austin expanding
here relatively soon. ACT News Advanced
Clean Tech is saying Tesla appears to be
moving forward with new mega charger
projects in Texas. And according to
project filings with the Texas
Department of Licensing and Regulation,
Tesla related mega charger projects are
now tied to locations in San Antonio,
Larredo, and Houston. The filings point
to new electrical infrastructure
projects that could support Tesla
semi-charging in three of the state's
most important freight markets. In San
Antonio, the project has an estimated
cost of $400,000 with a listed start
date of May 18th this year and a
completion date of May 18th, 2027. So, a
good benchmark to keep in mind, roughly
one year, at least for that project.
Then in Laredo, the filing was really
only for electrical infrastructure with
an estimated cost of $100,000 and a
completion date of December 31st this
year. And the Houston project is also
said to be new construction for
electrical infrastructure with an
estimated cost of $200,000, a start date
of June 22nd this year, and a completion
date of June 25th, 2027, also roughly
one year. But the filings don't say when
the stations will become operational,
how many charging stalls each site will
have, or which fleets will be able to
access them. As we know, for the Tesla
Semi to be adopted at scale, this
infrastructure needs to be there. And
looking at the latest voucher data from
California, which covers January last
year to February this year, the Tesla
Semi accounts for the overwhelming
majority, 965 out of 1,067.
Daimler and Volvo, meanwhile, account
for fewer than 100 applications. Tesla
vouchers in this round exceeded the
total number of all other class 8
tractor voucher applications between
2021 and February this year. And that's
just part of the reason I've been
updating the Tesla Semi dashboard. and I
keep saying things like this. I still
think the Tesla Semi program is one of
the most overlooked lines at Tesla,
especially when it comes to autonomy.
So, I've been vibe coding this Tesla
Semi dashboard. At the top, you can
search. So, if I type in Pepsi, you'll
see that they have two orders placed and
five charging depots. And you can click
each block, which will take you to the
portion of the page that gives you more
detail about those orders and about
those depots on the live charging map.
So right now the map shows Pepsi's five
different locations. And if you remove
Pepsi from the search bar, you can see
all of the different semi-charging
depots operational under construction
and planned for 81 total. And of course,
you can zoom in and click on each circle
to learn more information. And you can
click right to the source. And this was
a researchheavy project because the
Tesla semi- reporting over the past few
years has been so fragmented and there
were plenty of pilot announcements that
many of which did not come to fruition.
largely because the Tesla Semi took
years longer than many companies
thought. So to make it to this section
of the dashboard, I had to have a high
confidence that those orders and pilots
were ultimately verified. So at this
point, that's 644 Tesla Semis on order
across nine confirmed customers with
public confirmation. In the last 18
months, 48 trucks have been delivered.
You can click that box and it'll pull up
more information on exactly what
companies had those trucks delivered. 45
to Pepsi, two to WEV, and one to DHL.
Again, all with the sources and more
information. The deploying now section
is fleets that have placed orders and
have some trucks on the road. We don't
always have the exact number on the road
right now, but if you click, you'll see
that all of these orders do have some
number of trucks already on the road,
which leaves the final block, companies
that have reserved trucks, but don't
have any yet on the road. And of course,
it's clickable. So, 644 verified orders
so far, given Tesla's semi-prouction is
likely a handful a week at this point.
If you scroll down, there's a reason
Tesla said earlier this month that most
of 2026 semi output is already accounted
for. Throughout the dashboard, there are
plenty of explainers giving more
information about pilot programs and
public reporting and really just how to
make sense of all of it. Scrolling down
a bit, you have some more high-level
data, the verified truck orders, how
many unique customers, how many charging
depots are currently operational and how
many total known sites are in the
pipeline. Once again, you can click each
of these boxes. It'll take you directly
to that part of the page to see more
information. The delivery momentum
section will lay out all of the orders
and announcements for 2026. And I made
it interactive, so you can click these
flashing dots to get more information
and the source. This section gives us an
estimated annual offset of the CO2
avoided compared to diesel and how many
gallons of diesel have been displaced by
Tesla's semifleet currently on the road,
meaning deployed. That number so far is
only in the neighborhood of 48 from
official sources, but you can see this
drop down for the assumptions that we
use to get those numbers. So 48 trucks
doesn't sound like a lot, but already
that's almost 600,000 gallons of diesel
displaced every year. In this portion
for fleet orders is where a lot of the
research happened. Again, distinguishing
between active orders that we can have
high confidence in and this historical
tab where we have a long list of 36
different customers that have publicly
said they're going to run a pilot
program or they have semis on order, but
they were years ago and there really
hasn't been anything said about that
since. But with each of these different
companies, you'll get a pretty thorough
explanation of what happened and what we
have since. But naturally, the focus
will be on the active tab for those
confirmed customers, how many trucks,
and the details about that company and
the orders, and the status of their
current Tesla semi adoption. As always,
you'll have a link to each source right
in each section. And these will be
sorted the most recent order first. And
as you saw for the map at the bottom,
you can have all of the charging depots
or you can select just those that are
operational. You can select just under
construction or just planned. And you
can see the current total for each one.
And last but not least, I have this live
research section where this button will
actually run a prompt for you, which is
pretty involved, but it's a tool that
will give you the most recent
information for the past 60 days on all
of the incentive, voucher, and subsidy
programs anywhere for the Tesla Semi.
Remember, that data is kind of like the
canary in the coal mine. It's the
leading indicator of what Tesla Semi
orders will be. But I didn't want to
jump the gun putting this data on the
dashboard. So, I think this was the best
approach. And of course, as this
pipeline turns into confirmed orders,
it'll update on the dashboard. And I did
vibe code this entire dashboard with
Perplexity Computer, the sponsor of this
video. And if you want to bookmark this
site, it's just Tesla Semi.ppplx.app.
So, once again, I told Computer I wanted
a Bloomberg terminal layout in a Tesla
aesthetic with the most pertinent Tesla
Semi information so we can track this
business line for Tesla. And you guys
know I'm not a developer. I can't write
React, but I can speak instructions
about what I want. And that's where
Perplexity Computer shines. It does all
of the work for me. I just sit there and
tell it exactly what I want. And once I
lay out the instructions, I can walk
away from my computer and the agents go
to work for me. And Perplexity Computer
connects to hundreds of different
services right out of the box. So for
this dashboard, again, I'm pulling from
a live Google sheet that I maintain. And
if you missed my robo taxi dashboard
with Perplexity, that one connects to my
YouTube channel through the YouTube API
and has the Tesla and NASDAQ pricing in
real time. All I did was click a few
buttons to authorize the connection. And
that was the entire setup. And every
night at a certain time, computer will
refresh the data, snapshot the changes,
and redeploy to the site. All while I'm
asleep or out doing anything else. I'll
keep saying it. If you haven't tried
Aentic AI yet, the time is now. I've had
my mind blown numerous times. And the
fact that there are tools available that
allow me to literally speak something
like this into existence is just
incredible. So, if you want to try it
out and support the channel, you can go
to teslasmi.ppplx.app,
play with it yourself, and then click
the run incentive research to start your
own session. Enjoy. Tesla's monthly
sales data around the world continues to
come in very strong. I feel like I have
to say though, the comps last year were
quite low given the change over to the
new vehicles. So, keep that in mind. But
these new numbers this year are the type
of growth we've been hoping to see.
Tesla posted its best month ever monthly
sales figure in Australia in May,
hitting a new peak of over 6,400 sales
for the month. Tesla's country director
in Australia, Tom Drew, said this is not
an isolated result. And he said, "A
standout contributor to our momentum is
the Model Y L." And zooming out, Tesla
sales for the year in Australia are up
56% compared to last year. And a
reminder, the Model Y L has been spotted
now numerous times in the United States.
Just yesterday on the test track in
Fremont, so hopefully sometime this
summer, it launches officially in the
States. And Tesla Australia clarified
the Model Y was the bestselling vehicle
of any kind in Australia for the month
of May, which makes it the first EV in
history to lead the overall Australia
sales charts across all fuel types.
And Tesla is sending this update to
owners in Australia. FSD14 for hardware
4 is in its final stages of local
development and testing. While we don't
have a confirmed date to share just yet,
please know our team is actively working
on development and you will be notified
as soon as the update is ready to
install on your vehicle. And for the
month of May, Tesla in Norway is running
the show with over a 21% market share.
And Tesla was the bestselling car brand
in May, coming in at 21.5%.
And in China, Tesla's wholesale figure
for May came in at 85,982
units, up 8.2% over April. Plugging that
data into the table, looking at the
wholesale number January through May,
Tesla China this year is now up 29.4%
selling over 85,900
more units so far this year than they
did last year. And remember, this is
before Tesla's FSD gets approval broadly
in China. And that wholesale figure for
Tesla China for May was up 39.4%
over last year. And that's also the
highest wholesale figure for Giga
Shanghai so far this year. How about
Tesla Japan where for the month of May
sales are up 182% year-over-year. And
more importantly, year-to- date sales
are up 157%. Year-to date Tesla has
registered over 8,100 vehicles in Japan,
which was up from 3,178
over the same time last year. And this
is despite the fact that foreign brand
registrations in Japan are down 6% so
far this year. So Tesla is bucking that
trend. And despite Tesla trying to
eliminate the delivery wave, they still
have not fully done that. So we might
see another uptick in Tesla sales in
Japan for the end of Q2. And one more,
Tesla registered over 5,100 vehicles in
Germany in May, up 322% from last year.
And zooming out year-to- date in
Germany, Tesla has registered over
21,000 vehicles, up 200% from the same
time last year. And as Roland said,
Tesla Germany's year-to-ate numbers have
already exceeded their fullear 2025
sales in Germany. They're already
precisely 9% above where they were for
the full year last year. So, this really
is the type of rebound globally that
we've been wanting to see for some time.
And as we keep saying, once supervised
FSD is approved across the EU, that will
certainly be a demand driver in time.
Yesterday, Tesla was momentarily selling
used Cybert trucks for the first time on
the inventory page on the website. But
fast forward to today, and all of that
inventory seemed to be gone. Platinum
Patriarch OnX shared this video of his
FSD on the highway, so I'll let you
watch it for yourself first.
So, I don't know what it is about these
railroad gate crossing arms that give
Tesla's FSD and even some other
autonomous companies so much trouble.
And further, I have no idea why they
would use them on the highway like this
to try to block off a road. That seems
like a terrible choice. And yes, of
course, the situation was supervisor
error. However, for Tesla to get to a
truly unsupervised state where they can
scale broadly, this type of thing needs
to be sorted out. So, just be on the
lookout and stay alert. There is a new
version of FSD14.3
rolling out, but it appears to be mostly
bug fixes. Sawyer said one new feature
is improved driver monitoring
sensitivity with better eye gaze
tracking, eyewear handling, and higher
accuracy in variable lighting. But the
official Tesla account said this was
released in a previous update, but was
not highlighted in the release notes.
So, I would not be expecting a major
change there. And just FYI, going
forward, I might experiment a bit with
shorter videos covering fewer topics,
but uploading more often. I'm still
working through a lot behind the scenes,
but just know there might be some
uploads earlier than you've become
accustomed to. And just remember, you
can turn on notifications if you don't
want to miss any uploads. But don't
forget, check out Perplexity Computer
linked below. Go vibe code your own
dashboard. I'm telling you, it's a blast
and I really think you will enjoy it.
The capabilities are mind-blowing. Hope
you all have a wonderful day and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.