Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is EXPLODING - And What Happens NEXT
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_436rQ-lXU
Published:   2026-05-11 19:22 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As you know, we are focusing on Tesla
here to capture the upside of the age of
AGI with Tesla being my favorite target
for Pioneer Alpha and for generating
maximum returns at optimized risk and
that is exactly what we are doing and
Tesla is behaving exactly as predicted.
So today we have a tremendous day that
is just sequentially adding to the
beautiful days we had before. Tesla up
amazingly
uh an amazing let's look at this
currently 3.95%.
That is very nice performance of this
stock especially when we consider where
it was just 5 days ago. We were at a low
here May 6 at 385 and Tesla is now in
the strongest 33% up run.
It was in a very very long time. So are
we surprised by that? And why what is
happening? Why is this all happening? As
you know, I made very clear four weeks
ago that we will be back to 400 in no
time, which was true. And then from here
we are going to go back to all-time
highs also in no time. And just to
repeat the basic thesis here when you
look at the six months charts we hit
all-time highs December 16th at 490
effectively.
Then went into a long slide in Q1 as I
also made very clear that that was my
conviction this is going to happen and I
prepared accordingly. We will get to the
outcomes of these predictions in terms
of performance in a second before we
then look forward what is happening this
week and next week and so on in my
opinion.
So the thesis is very very simple.
December 16th we hit 490. Why? Because
the market was on a bull run. AGI was
the big talking point. The MAX 7 were
high. Markets were on all-time highs.
And so Tesla also reached all-time highs
because people were looking into well
Tesla has an amazing story. It is one of
the great AI stocks. It is the only one
that has physical AI under control and
is beautifully beautifully positioned to
capture that upside through robo taxis
through autonomous humanoid robots that
are coming Optimus. And so the market
was was saying we believe that Tesla is
a major AI stock and we price it exactly
at that point 490.
And for me as someone who's not
necessarily a technical analyst, I don't
believe in it too much. I'm mostly
fundamental and macro oriented. I look
at the markets. I try to understand
where the market is going and then I'm
zeroing in on winner stocks like Tesla
also Nvidia some others Micro Strategy a
little bit Bitcoin but Tesla at the
center and try to understand what the
market is technically pricing that stock
at. I know what my internal fair value
for Tesla is based on fundamentals. But
in order to really extract maximum
alpha, I also need to understand one
aspect of technicality for a stock and
that is the relative values the market
puts on the stock. And when we hit that
all-time high, I knew I got information
out of that. Here's the technical
information I got out of that. that the
market believes at the height of the
bull run that the fair value of this
future potential of Tesla of Optimus and
Robo Taxi is at 490 when the market is
in a very good mood. Now I was telling
everyone the market is now exceeding its
all-time high. So the market is in the
same or better good mood than back in
December. And Tesla is objectively on
all possible metrics a stronger company
than it was in December on December
16th.
From that follows very logically that it
was just a question of time before the
market pushes Tesla back up to all-time
highs. That is my exact reasoning and I
believe it's extremely sound reasoning.
And that means for me 490 is the minimum
that we are aiming at as long as the
market keeps running. But don't forget
490 is ex ex is exactly only two two
trading days away from today based on
what we have seen today and a few days
before today. So, we can get to 490
very, very quickly. And that is what I
also think is going to happen
potentially this week or next week. Now,
it's a probabilistic thing. I'm not
guaranteeing that obviously, but I'm
betting on it a little less strongly
than I was betting on an run up before
because we closer we get to my target,
the less the lower my confidence will be
because the less pressure on the stock
is to get there. Right? Makes sense. If
we at 390 and we have to go to 490, I'm
extremely bullish that this will run
like crazy. When we at 450, the
bullishness gets reduced because we have
more leeway of running up a little less
extreme. Once we hit 490 and we don't
see robo taxi scaling above 100 or 200
at the same point, I would become a
little cautious and I will get there in
a second. First, I want to do a quick
review. We did this yesterday, but I'll
do a very quick review here where we
stand with Pioneer Alpha, the Pioneer
Reserve, and the whole trading
situation.
Were we able to capture on that
momentum? And the answer is yes. We were
up an unbelievable
22% on the entire portfolio last week.
Why was that? Because I predicted it. I
had very high conviction and I went all
in. mostly short puts on Tesla at the
money, slightly in the money, uh clearly
levered of course and that gave us an
unbelievable 12% alpha over Tesla. Tesla
went up 9.6% last week. We went up 22%.
Unbelievable. Absolutely nailed it.
There was zero chance included in here.
It was very deliberate. And year to
date, we are now up 36%. totally
outperforming every benchmark. NASDAQ,
S&amp;P, MCSI,
of course, TSLL, of course, Tesla, we
are up 41% over Tesla and also ARK. You
look at RQ outperformed [clears throat]
by 20% and RK outperformed by 33.9, 34%
this year. And since inception, of
course, we're beating them all too
dramatically.
So very good, very well executed.
Everything went perfectly so far this
year, both in the negative mini bare
market when things were going down. You
remember when I predicted that I did a
much better job this year than last year
uh for Q1. Last year Q1 I predicted
similar things for Q1. I knew it's going
to be bad, but I failed to execute
accordingly at least with the discipline
I would expect from myself. So this year
was much more disciplined which gives us
this massive alpha over that period.
Okay. So this is happening. So
everything looking very good in pioneer
lands. We are doing the job we are
assigned to do by the pioneers. Uh also
the pioneer reserve now with the pioneer
alpha bond products where I am now at
the hook on the hook to deliver superior
alpha to our pioneer investors. I will
get to this the end of this video. Uh
the people who want to now participate
with that whole situation. So I feel a
little more responsibility. We are
getting close to the first close across
two bond products that capture this
whole thing. But let's first talk about
what is happening next. Okay. What do I
think happens next? I made very clear
already 490 is my target shortterm for
Tesla. Now very important what I get you
know what I catch people doing on X
which is a mistake. Now everyone gets
bullish the animal spirits out and
people are saying oh my god this is the
repric and we're going straight to 600.
We're going straight to 1,000 now
because SpaceX is coming. The merger is
coming. Roboaxi is coming. optimist. Now
the market is bullish. Now we on a giant
run. I have to warn everyone that's not
how it works. My thesis is very simple.
And I think my thesis is the
conservative thesis that is technically
very likely to be right. And that is
what I just explained. And when I
explain something, it's very important
to listen closely. I mean exactly what I
say and nothing else. My thesis is the
market is higher than it was in
December. Tesla is stronger than it was
in December. Therefore, we have a
technical forcing function back to
all-time highs,
but we will reach all-time highs
potentially as early as this week.
Maybe next week if the market holds up.
Now, if that happens, I will be very
cautious. I will not try to write this
to death.
We have to be very cautious here because
one thing is clear. When you look at
robo taxi tracker for example, forget
Optimus, Optimus is not even here. So
when it comes to the coldblooded market
and you look at robo taxi tracker, we
are all very excited about what we are
seeing, right? We are all excited of
this about this exponential growth. Look
at this exponential growth of the
roboaxis here. Boom. But when you look
at the absolute numbers, look at this
39. Now I'm very excited about it.
You're very excited about it.
but is a coldblooded
imagine imaginationfree
conventional traditionalist
institutional investor going to be
excited about this. No, they're going to
laugh. They're like, "Are you kidding
me? 39 Waymore has 3,000. What are you
guys talking about? This is nothing and
it means nothing." That is exactly what
they think.
In short, we have to understand when we
look at a runup like this, what is
actually happening? I tell you what's
happening. Nothing is happening. All
this is is a normal getting back to
all-time highs for completely technical
and market reasons. And of course,
backed by the fundamental facts that
Tesla is stronger than it was in
December. We launched Cyber Cap in time.
We now start delayed, but at least we
start scaling unsupervised.
The quarterly numbers look pretty good.
Sales are rebouncing, rebounding. So,
this is all fine, but the only thing we
can be sure of is it should be at 490.
We can absolutely not be sure. I want to
absolutely emphasize this. We can
absolutely not be sure it should be at
500. We can also absolutely not be sure
it should be at 550 or 600. In fact, I
would actually point out we have to be
very cautious here. Not yet. Not yet,
not yet. We absolutely should go back to
490 logically. But then we have to
become very cautious because we will be
at the
complete mercy of the market. Once we
exceed the 490, everything above that is
complete randomness and arbitrary. As
long as robo taxi doesn't prove itself,
as long as we don't get close to that
forcing function of 1,800.
Now, don't get me wrong. I'm talking
here as the one responsible for
delivering superior returns to all
pioneers who are investors in the
Pioneer Reserve. So, I have to be more
responsible than you guys maybe if
you're just trading your own money or
even even more true if you're just
long-term investing your money. You're
going to say, Joe, what do you want?
Isn't it obvious that Robboexi is
coming? Isn't it obvious that
unsupervised is working? Isn't it
obvious Optimus is coming? Of course,
it's obvious. But the difference the
difference
for me as someone who has to generate
superior alpha all the time otherwise
I'm very angry with myself. The
difference between betting on Tesla at
490 and going all in and then robo taxi
not scaling and robo taxi only scaling
in September or whatever and in between
disappointing everyone and the stock
dropping back down to 450 or whatever
when the market gets weaker if it gets
weaker and me being full in and taking
the loss
versus me being more cautious and
understanding we might go into a period
and even if that period is only four
weeks, even if that period is only four
or eight weeks of sideways or down
movement from 490, the difference
between not being fully invested or
leveraged at 490 when it goes down, if
it may go down versus being full in
leverage when it goes down for me is
very significant. And that's why when I
talk about these things, you have to
understand I'm not talking as a
long-term believer in Tesla. I'm talking
about someone who has to generate alpha
every single week over Tesla. I need to
be much better than Tesla and that means
I need to predict it with sufficient
certainty what is going on or understand
that I don't have the certainty.
So my take on this whole thing is once
we reach 490 I'm going to get very
cautious and I'm going to assume the run
is for now over. It might still go over
500. Maybe the run continues a little
bit but it will be a very weak unstable
unreliable run. And we have to
understand the difference. When we were
at 390 I had complete confidence.
Complete means 95% plus that we have to
go up. At 490 I have absolutely no
confidence we have to go up. I also
don't have any I have more confidence we
have to go down tactically than going
going up. Now, would I absolutely bet
against Tesla going to 550? Of course,
no. I'm not going to bet. I'm not going
to bet against that very strongly. I
might sell some covered calls.
I sell even maybe some non-coed calls.
If I see certain patterns up there,
because nothing is nicer than making
money when Tesla goes down,
but I'm not going to hard bet against
it, especially if you're on a run. I'm
not guaranteeing we are not going to go
to 550. I'm just saying 490 for me is
the critical point. I need to see I have
high conviction in less conviction now
than down here, but still high
conviction and that's what I'm going to
execute on. So there you have it for
now. Now let's look at how I actually
work through this from a trading
perspective.
Uh because some people ask me some
questions. What do we do if we have
conviction into a certain run? Well, it
depends. So, a run from 390 to 490 is
not an insane run, right? It is not a
repricing. It's a tactical move where
you can have breathing pauses in
between. And so, that's why I did not do
a long call strategy. So, you have
basically three options when you know
it's going up. You can buy the stock
very expensive. You have to go on margin
if you want to exceed 100%.
You can't buy a lot of on margin, right?
You are very limited. Maybe 2x if you're
lucky. And that cost you interest and
all kinds of stuff. The second option is
you can buy long call options. Short
running, in the money, long running, out
of the money, whatever you want.
The problem when you go long calls is
you're putting the odds against you. If
you go long calls, you pay massive
premiums by definition. And if nothing
happens or we go sideways, even if you
go up but not enough, you start losing
money. At least you have opportunity
costs. Now, the advantage of long calls
is you can massively create synthetic
leverage like massive 20x, 30x, whatever
you want. But you also have that time
decay. I do not like being on the losing
side of the statistics of the
probabilities. That's why I hate being
long any kind of option
and that also means I love being short
options because then time is on your
side. And I want to explain this now
just very briefly. I did this before but
so you guys understand what I'm doing
here. So if I believe this goes up to
490 right on a one to two week time
scale pretty reasonable chance very
reasonable chance what do I do? We are
currently at roughly what where are we?
44519.
And what I do is I use my put. Here's
the puts right on the right side. Here
you see the puts. Can I mark this? No.
Uh here you see the puts. Here is at the
money. So here's the 445 strike price. I
selected May 15th. So that's Friday
expiration. So you have until Friday for
this whole exercise. And as you see,
very typical, you have like one week
trading gives you roughly 10 bucks.
Okay, let me explain what that exactly
means. If you're selling, if you're
selling this 445 put, and by the way,
don't do anything stupid. I'm just
telling you what I'm doing. This is not
a recommendation. You have to be very
cautious and you can get completely
destroyed with short puts. Short puts at
the money, I prefer them over long calls
because time is on your side, as I will
explain. But you have to watch this like
crazy because you have unlimited loss
potential. You can get completely
destroyed here if you are not cautious.
But if you do it right, you constantly
make money even if you're wrong. So, if
you sell 445 put, that means if Tesla
goes straight sideways and does nothing
until Friday and stays goes from 445 to
445 or goes to 460 and falls back to
445, you keep the entire premium. You're
selling these puts without having them.
You get your 1,000 bucks into your
account per contract. You know, you
always sell 100, of course. So, that
represents 100 shares. 965 means you're
getting 965 bucks
or bit ask here in between 950 bucks uh
per contract. If you sell, you know, you
can do the math. If you sell 100
contracts, you get 95,000 bucks into
your account. And if Tesla does nothing
or goes up, you're keeping your 95,000.
That's not bad for a week. So,
okay, that is happening here. Now, you
have to think in scenarios. Don't get
carried away with all the stupid options
numbers and the Greeks. This is stupid.
Forget it. Be pragmatic. Be like
concrete.
So, you have different scenarios. If
Tesla is at 445 or above by Friday this
week at expiration, you're keeping the
entire premium. So, if you bet on Tesla
going up, and you are right, you keep
all the money. Now you have to
understand the fact that you get 950
for that thing means it's the equivalent
of owning the stock and this thing going
to 454.
So if the stock does not go beyond 454
by Friday, you would have made more
money selling short that put.
That's the beauty of this thing, right?
If Tesla drops, if you're wrong, if I am
wrong and the run stops and we're
dropping, you can drop all the way
effectively to 435 and still not lose a
dime.
You could drop actually five bucks and
you still make half of the money.
That's what you have to understand when
this when you plot this out, you see why
shortputs are so powerful, why I love
these, why these are my goto
instrument.
If you think Tesla goes up and you make
a bet on Tesla going up with short puts
and you make 10 bucks of the short puts
in one week premium, right, and you're
wrong and Tesla goes actually down five
bucks, you still get paid half of the
premium, it is still the equivalent of
Tesla going up to 450, right? If you're
long Tesla, not even on calls, if you're
long on stocks,
Tesla would have have would have to go
up to 450,
you have to make a bet on Tesla going up
and you need is so right that it goes at
least to 450 or to exactly 450 to make
you the same amount of money as the put
makes you
if it drops against your prediction to
440. And if you know anything about
being right and wrong and odds, you
understand how amazing this is. I'm
betting against you or someone else.
Someone says, "No, Joe, you're wrong.
Tesla's going down." I say, "No, I'm
right. Tesla's going up."
And if you go short puts
and you lose your bet, you still win.
Like, let that sink in. Now, you lose
when you're really wrong, right? If I'm
saying it's going going to it's going up
to 450 455
maybe 490. Who knows? We get to this in
a second. But then it drops against me.
It would need to drop dramatically to
435. Not dramatically, but you know what
I mean. If I think it goes up and it
goes down 10, I'm kind of really wrong
and still don't get hurt. So that is why
you have to understand if you do this
consistently, you are putting the odds
on your side consistently. You're
betting it's going up. If it goes up,
you win. If it goes sideways, you win.
If it goes a little down, you win. Only
if it goes down a lot, you lose. Now, if
it goes down super a lot, that's where
you get punished for this. Then you get
destroyed. You don't lose, you get
destroyed because you, this is a very
bad situation. So, you have to watch
this very closely. So, now next question
and that is very relevant here. when you
go back to the beginning of the week and
we were at 400 or something and I do
that strategy at 400 and make my 10
bucks and then it runs up it runs up to
410. I'm getting nervous as an alpha
generator. Not nervous in the sense that
I can lose anything. If it goes up I
will always keep the entire premium but
I'm losing my alpha
because my alpha is relative to the
stock. If the stock goes from 400 to
410, I sold it at 400 put for 10 bucks
down. At 410, I'm kind of even, right? I
would have been as
well off buying the stock as selling the
put. But if it goes above 410, I have to
act. And that's the tricky part. I have
to act because otherwise I'm not
maintaining my alpha. I'm just keeping
my stupid little premium while this
thing runs up as it did. So then you
need to do stacking or I need to do
stacking, right? So then I have to say,
well, I made all the dough here, but I
need to make more dough and then I need
to keep selling at the money, right? So
I have to stack up. I keep my sold puts
maybe a day later and then I have to
keep selling 410. If it continues to run
up to 420, I have to rotate it into 420,
which is dangerous if you have a fake
bull run and then drop because then
you're in trouble, right? So, that's
kind of the game. That's what if you
would look at my account, I have like I
don't even know. I have like 15
different short put contracts right now.
Not not 15 count, like way way way more
than 15 count, but 15 different types
because I had to stack up and run up.
And that worked like a charm. Now, I
have nothing against a little breather
at this point, which we take right now
as we speak. This is actually good for
me because if it's too steep the runup,
I'm losing my alpha a little bit. So, I
like a breather. I for me, the ideal
situation would be if we end up at 440
tomorrow, take a little breather. allow
me to reposition,
assess the situation if the run
continues or if we take a little drop
before we go to 490. And that determines
how I keep selling these contracts,
right? So, if you do this short put
selling and you go up from 400 to 490 in
a straight line, maybe 20 per day up,
that's not an ideal situation. That is
actually a call option situation. You
want to be long calls like crazy if you
are just on a massive runup. So that's
the trick. If you're going into
repricing, if you're going into robo
taxis going to 100 and then 200 and then
400 and then 800 week after week, I
would absolutely switch in very rare
situation, but I would switch into
aggressive long calls because if you go
on a crazy run, this is not a crazy run.
390 to 490 is not a crazy run. A crazy
run is 400 to a,000 or or 500 to a,000
which can absolutely happen with Tesla
by the way. Everyone forgets about this
but if robo taxi happens and we scale
into multiple thousands quickly this
stock can go straight to a thousand. So
then you need to be prepared. You need
to either stack like crazy the short
puts or you need to uh or you need to go
on a long call situation. But the long
call situation it's very stressful. I
mean it feels very good if you print
insane amounts of money but it's very
stressful. So that is the situation and
I'm I can just tell you I had my second
best day actually of the year today
surprisingly.
Uh the best one was was last week. So
all of that leads to our nice nice
little performance here.
Uh and this is very deliberate by the
way. This is not a random trading
strategy. You see a lot of people on X
saying I made 10,000x or something.
Fine. Let's see how long you keep it.
Like this is a two and a half year
strategy now that is long-term
effective. Uh and we are doing this for
our investors. Of course, you have here
the Pioneer Reserve Luxembourg uh
securitization vehicle that I manage
now. And you see here our different
bond terms. You can go to
pioneeralpha.org if you're interested in
this. It's only for qualified investors
of course in Europe, Canada, UK,
Switzerland, and of course the great
United States which is our main focus.
Uh we have structured the Pioneer Alpha
portfolio into three different bonds.
Tesla plus 50 where the deal is no fees.
This entire thing is fully captured by
uh the bond up to Tesla as a benchmark.
If Tesla goes up 300%
at maturity of that bond and Pioneer
Alpha goes 400 up, the investors and the
bond holders of this bond get no fees up
to Tesla 300% plus the 50% of the
differential of the alpha. So here are
all these tables and then we have growth
45 designed for a much more stabilized
return uh where the maximum bond payout
is 200% over the principle uh based on
the performance but it's capped. So this
is designed to deliver up to 45% a year
at a much lower risk than the underlying
pioneer alpha portfolio. Lower risk
means lower volatility. And then we have
income 12 where this pays out 12% 1% per
month paid as 3% quarterly of the
principal
plus up to 100% additional gain at
maturity. All three are based on the
same underlying portfolio. They're all
getting pulled into the same portfolio
that I manage which is exactly the
strategy I explain here on the channel.
And then we go from there. So this is
very exciting for us because we just
launched this. We're going to close the
first ones in May very soon. And I will
report on that of course to all of you
guys. Pioneer lands. We are doing that
to test run different ways of slicing
and dicing the Pioneer Alpha advantage
that we generated so far. Not a promise
of future returns. Everything is risky
and at risk. But our job is in pine
dance to stabilize these returns from
Tesla, from Nvidia and so on. By the
way, today I got a very nice boost on
top of Tesla by Micro Strategy, top
performer, Robin Hood, and Nvidia.
They're all performing great today.
They're also portfolio pieces, not
options leveraged. That's only Tesla
right now, but good chunks. So the
mission here is to actually maintain
that and give that advantage translated
into more stable returns. That's the
theory
and so far it works uh to the pioneers.
So the pioneers who like growth 45 or
income 12 can definitely guaranteed
mathematically guaranteed sleep calmer
than the Tesla plus 50 investors. But
the Tesla Tesla plus 50 investors get
more upside. Uh so that's happening here
and that is it in a nutshell. That is my
outlook.
Uh let's see if we have questions.
Probably a bunch.
Nice green day. Exactly. Oh, we have
invest answers here. Hey James.
Uh very nice. Um
I think is this all YouTube? Yeah, this
is all YouTube. We have a combined
stream with X, but everyone is on
YouTube. I launched calls 12
27 when price was silk 423. I mean,
that's a leap strategy that I think it's
good. I don't know your strike price,
but that's good. Uh, take half of your
profits and let the rest ride. That's
like when you're long. Yes. I don't do
that with short puts. You only
you you keep it weekly. Anyone who has
been long-term I'm 200 has seen this a
few times. Uh that's correct Steve. That
was a very important experience for
every Tesla investor who wants to ride
the white bull when it happens. And you
know you it's very important when you
invest not to be an emo. You have to
always have your Google sheet out and
use your brain and do scenarios
because who cares if my stock goes
sideways for five years? Who cares? This
is one of the big zen enlightenment
moments you have when you do trading and
investing in the stock market. Don't get
distracted by things you don't
understand and you could not predict.
Don't get distracted by SanDisk. Like,
who the hell knows what SanDisk is
doing? Not me. I don't care that people
made 4,000%. Someone made 4,000%. I
didn't. But there are also tons of
people who lost a ton of money with
software stocks or whatever. Don't get
distracted. Focus on yourself. Be a
little zen. Focus on your knowledge.
Focus on my knowledge. Focus on the
knowledge of the people you have a
relationship with and dive deep and be
happy. Be happy with your 50 60 70% a
year. That's better than Warren Buffett.
So don't look at SanDisk and go nuts
because it tempts you to jump on trains
you don't understand. Jump on them too
late. By the way, Micron Technologies
might not be late. Who knows what I
mean? It might run up more, but I don't
know that. I know what Tesla is going to
do. So I will focus on Tesla and on the
other stocks adjacent.
Focus on them and nail it and then you
can be happy.
So Anthony,
if you asks if you have 50,000 cash,
that will be the easiest 1,000 you will
be able to make in a week selling puts.
Well,
well, I agree with that obviously, but
uh don't tell people it's easy. Like
when this goes wrong, it's very painful.
So, but yes,
uh Joe, you need to do a show with James
and Larry Goldberg. Yes, I love James
and Larry. I had when when Herbert was
on vacation, I had one show with Larry
where Larry was uh Herbert and I had a
great show with James. That was a lot of
fun. But we have to do more. I agree.
Greed is dangerous. Exactly. Greed,
fear, pride.
Uh everything is dangerous. Just use
your brain. Frontal cortex not
dangerous. Google Sheets not dangerous.
If you look at the seven deadly sins,
Google sheet is not one of them. Frontal
cortex also not.
Tesla is abnormally overvalued even at
300. I disagree. I think it is
undervalued. My fair value is much
higher than what it is right now.
Uh
Andrea Andrea says, I agree with not
being distracted is the best play.
Knowing the company well is a real edge.
100% agreed. That is my strategy. The
biggest mistake in investing is to be
jealous. The biggest mistake is to chase
stuff you don't understand just because
other people do it. Take your time, zero
in on something and also learn this
whole that's why I do Pioneer Alpha and
share my insights. Understanding
derivatives and options is very
powerful. I tell you why. If you become
a master of options, forget the Greeks,
forget all the options trading tricks,
just understand how options work
fundamentally. Calls, right to buy,
puts, right to sell, then you can buy or
sell, calls or puts, and then you got
the whole thing. And then you just look
at the prices and use your brain and
predict scenarios.
Why are derivatives so powerful? Because
they allow you to move to the next level
of investing or trading. And that is not
just to have to identify a stock and be
right that it goes up a lot. It's very
one-dimensional this. Now you are in a
whole new realm where you can make money
by just being right independent of the
stock going up or down. Okay? As long as
you are right about the prediction, as
long as you're right about your level of
confidence and probabilistic confidence
about what's going to happen and
structure your options around it, you
will make a lot of money. That's how I
made a lot of money with Tesla going
actually down.
Okay, that's why I generated alpha while
it was going down. So options are the
magic for this. You just have to become
very disciplined about it and be
cautious.
Ives an excellent AI ETF. Yes, Dan Ives
is great and his little ETF too. How do
you protect yourself if the stock is
going down fast and you find yourself
losing?
Well, you need to develop a certain, you
know, unemotional coldbloodedness about
it. And you need to understand once you
dabble around with options, especially
short puts or calls, this becomes a
full-time job. You cannot afford to not
track the stock in 10 minute increments.
You also have to understand it's worth
it. Like imagine you have 100,000 or
200,000 or a million or something.
You're selling for nine bucks a 100
contracts. you're making 90,000 bucks a
week. So, it's kind of worth your time.
That's what I'm saying.
Uh even if you make 9,000 bucks a week,
that's still very good if you only sell
10. Uh I had
445 call bought at the wrong time could
have gotten them for 03. It went to 315.
Well, yeah, that's how it goes. Is
Bitcoin or Ethereum better for
transactions in an AI based economy? Of
course, Ethereum. Bitcoin is not even
good for transactions.
That's why I'm very bullish on Ethereum.
Solana is really catching up these days.
Has now more assets on chain, I think,
than Ethereum since last week. But sold
16 covered call contracts with 500
strike expiring next Monday.
I mean, you should be very fine with
that, but that's like a tiny little
premium you got there.
Uh, but be cautious with covered calls
these days.
So that is the situation here.
Tesla chugging along. I am glad if it
stops running like crazy for a little
bit. I I'm you know it would be nice if
it just sidelines a little bit until
Wednesday so I can reposition some of my
short puts. I repositioned a ton. I got
a little lucky this time. I got a little
lucky. I repositioned a ton actually
down here today. Like a ton. Was it a
ton? It was pretty much a ton. It was
enough to make me very happy. Uh
but uh now I'm a little bit I'm a little
bit exhausted. Not me. You understand?
My portfolio short puts is a little
exhausted up here. So above 450 I would
not be happy right now. I wanted to be
between 440 and 450 right now for a
little bit until Wednesday. That would
be very nice. Even though I will
reposition myself tomorrow, depending on
what the stock does, I think it's time
for a tiny breather before next leg up
to 490.
So, let's see. Because we ran up like
insane. Let's be let's be honest about
that.
What percent of total net worth do you
recommend placing into moves you are
describing? Oh, that's
David. That's a difficult question. I
mean, if you ask me, a very high
percentage, but for me, it's a full-time
job, and I've done this for quite a
while. I have very high confidence in my
skills at this point.
And I learned it the hard way. I made
one very big mistake in 2021, a stupid
mistake that was completely Tesla
unrelated. It was like just slacking
off. It had to do with GameStop of all
things. And I will never do that again.
So I think that was my last piece of
learning that I needed before
institutionalizing. So that was very
good. Um so it depends. This is a very
complicated question actually because it
depends on your mental status and
experience.
Uh you let me put it like this. If you
do anything with options you have to be
incredibly
cautious. If you read Market Wizards,
great book where someone who was bad at
trading started interviewing the best
traders in the world who are all not
institutional by the way. They're all
private because it's like Chris
Camilillo and people like that who made
tremendous amounts of money who keep
making tremendous amount of money. And
he asked them about their story. And it
was very telling for me that all the
master options traders basically all of
them said they lost everything they had
like everything at least twice.
It's brutal. They lost everything they
had twice before they became really
good. It's hard to describe. There is
like huge emotional learning curves
here. So you have to be very cautious.
These short puts can really kill you if
you don't totally pay attention. I also
have a friend who's an executive, but he
started really also doing trading and
was pretty good at it. And then he had a
baby and he lost a lot of money because
of the baby. Couldn't sleep. You know
how it is. Dad
screamy baby at night. Too much going on
in the job. So,
you can't have a full-time job and a
baby and do options trading. You have to
like this one one too much. You can have
a baby and be full-time options or you
can have an executive job and full-time
options or or you can have an executive
job and a baby. But you can't have all
three. You have to choose.
Hims earnings call is now fun for me.
Well, HIMS I just hate this company. I
think it's
for ethical reasons, right? I'm not I'm
I I think it's a powerful company and
powerful stock, but I don't like it
they're doing maybe do a video of your
past mistakes. So, we should avoid this
is this would be a long would be not
just one video it t and it's also like
you know what when it comes to options
trading mistakes can't be easily
described. I mean you can describe them
but there is truly an emotional learning
curve. It's very hard to explain like
you need to feel the pain otherwise you
will not truly learn it or maybe you
can. Professor Projo
mic volume is very low. I know some
people say it's low, some people say
it's not low. It's it's something to do
with
No, I'm like against hsn but not because
it's a bad stock. Okay, I'm not saying
it's a bad investment. I think it's
maybe a brilliant business model. I just
hate it because I was in healthcare and
I like I think it's abusive the whole
thing
too much drugs uh drug selling
so this has nothing to do with like
financial perspectives it's purely
medical Joe what's your thoughts on
merger of SpaceX I'm not selling Tesla
but
but are you against or for merger near
term or further out I'm neutral
Well, let me put it like this. You saw
the rebellionire situation. I had a
video on it. I posted on X also. A
rebellionire responded to it. It's
funny. So, I will do probably more on
that. Uh oh, we just ended trading. I
didn't even pay attention. 445.
Beautiful. Exactly in the middle. I'm
very happy I'm nailing it. Um,
so yes, my baby jokes. Don't take this
for not having babies. Ra quit your job
and do options and have a baby. Okay?
Don't be an executive and do options and
not have a baby. That's not what I
meant. That's bad. But don't have all
three. Then you lose them all. You will
lose your baby. It will run away. Look
for a different dad or mom because you
neglected. You will lose your options
trades and you will probably get fired
from your job. You can't have all three.
So
merger on space. I'm kind of neutral on
it. Here's how I think about it. I think
you have to have a little bit of trust
in Elon because Elon has a plan and we
know the plan. I totally agree with the
plan. This is about bigger things. Is it
tactically a disadvantage for Tesla? I
do not think so. I'm very neutral on it.
I believe also to some extent. I I
probably need a video on this to explain
more my stance on the market and and the
ability to have rational pricing because
some people say, "Joe, you're saying it
goes to 4,000 by 2030. So it's clearly
undervalued now and you're saying it's
undervalued fundamentally now. So why
how can you also believe the market is
rationally pricing Tesla and it's a fair
merger price just taking these public
prices. So this is a deeper economic
theory discussion that we can have. Uh
but I fundamentally believe let them do
their thing. I'm very unnervous about
it. I completely push back on
rebellionire saying this is unfair or
something. I think it's all fine and I'm
not nervous about it and I'm not selling
my Tesla shares and I'm not buying
SpaceX at IPO. I think it will be
slightly overpriced. I think we are much
better off holding Tesla.
Uh assuming need to take some profits on
Tesla right now just plain timing. What
is a good strike price to hit if I have
a 10day window? You mean long calls?
I would not go long. That's the typical
situation where I would absolutely do
short puts. This is so much better short
puts. Sell a bunch of puts. Just give
yourself a little buffer.
Uh volume is okay for me today.
Yesterday it was low. Yeah, today was
pretty decent. Sound level is perfect.
Yeah, I don't know why some can't hear
it. Hey Joe, what's your take on the
slow growth so far on unsupervised FSD
numbers, especially last few days? Well,
we will have separate videos focusing on
that. By the way, we made a great hire
and we will have some more here. We're
building out the pioneer reserve as
institutional and we'll have more
analysts and we will have more FSD and
robo taxi high resolution models on
margin expectations and on growth and
all these things. So I hope soon I can
deliver to you guys and to myself
uh some more sophisticated models.
Generally I'm not concerned. This is
like a this is a thing where we see nice
growth now in a very low base. Of course
a little bit delayed. My main argument
is cyber cap is life. It's scaling. What
do we want? I mean they have to figure
it all out. I think safety is soft from
now. It's just convenience like
fine-tuning. So out of a 100 robo taxi
rides, you know, a certain number, not
more than a certain number get annoying,
like where you trap the customer in like
an endless circle in some intersection
or something. So that's how I think
about it. I think they first solved
safety, which is kind of soft. Elon said
it. I believe it because you see the
numbers. So now you have a certain
percentage of rides that still go wrong
in terms of convenience, meaning they
annoy the customer because something
stupid happens. Nothing dangerous, just
stupid time wasting. And so out of a 100
rides, let's say 10 go wrong or five go
wrong, they probably want to get it down
to one goes wrong. And then they can
scale a little bit more up and then they
have to bring it down to 0.1 goes wrong
in 100. I think that's very manageable.
Okay, I think on the merger we have to
trust Elon. I agree. It sounds stupid
just trust Elon, but I agree. Uh,
Manish. So, Jenny Jenny Jen Isix,
uh, how do you know that Iran was mostly
over now? Um,
that's also a dedicated video. I got
this question from multiple people now
because, you know, my opinion, it's
totally over. I'm pretty firm on that.
Uh, but that would require a deeper
explanation. The way I look at macro is
you have to look through the noise. A
lot of people think and I hate politics
videos a little bit. I love my Germany
videos because just everyone loves it. I
get very little her hate on my Germany
videos. When I talk about the Middle
East, oh my god, it's complete
derangement syndrome. Uh, which is
annoying. I'm not like a political
commentator. I'm I'm I'm looking at this
to understand the future. And when I
look at Iran, there's a lot of posturing
from the Trump side. Obviously, there's
posturing from the Iran side. there's
massive propaganda injected from the
Israeli side. Then there is propaganda
from everyone being injected. So you
have to look through the noise and ask
yourself why are these things even
happening and what are the actual
forcing functions on people? And mostly
in macro and geo strategy and politics
the forcing function number one is not
fake nukes or religion or something. No
one cares about any of these things.
People care about one thing.
in politics and that is money.
Everything is just about money. And when
you look at Trump's situation, he cannot
afford this whole thing. There was a
forcing function built into the war that
it needed to be finished now because if
you don't finish it, it's a complete
it's the end of the world literally.
And so I have very little concern
uh that the Trump administration is
ending the world. They're not going to
do that. So they can't restart the war
for many many reasons. But that takes
too long now to explain. The Iranians
are also under more pressure than the
people who are seeing them as the
winners understand. In my opinion, they
are under economic pressure. But they're
also here's the trick. Iran is
completely dependent on China. They are
completely dependent on India. They are
completely dependent on other strategic
partners. These partners are telling
Iran the same the US partners are
telling the US. Okay, this is not
debatable. You end this now. They both
know they have to end it. They have no
choice. I think Iran doesn't really want
to end it, but they're also being forced
to end it from their friends.
Um, enough Iran for now. Curious too,
how you protect against the short put
going against you, cutting the loss
quickly and unemotionally then. Yes. So
Andy, this is important.
often I was often in the situation this
year
uh when when we had the downtrend where
I was getting out of my short put
positions despite having an 80 to 90%
you know conviction after it went
against me right it goes against me I'm
pulling the plug on half the position
despite having a 90% conviction it's the
wrong move and it's going to bump up
back and I was always right with that. I
was always correct that it was the wrong
move,
but I still always do it and it's
actually the right move.
This is a little complicated. So, if I'm
selling the 440 uh ATM strike and it
falls to 430 and I'm overexposed as I
would be completely now, I'm pulling the
plug even though I know with extreme
high probability it's going to bounce
back. I make all the money back. I still
take the loss because you cannot be in a
situation where you can't sleep. That's
the test. Even if you have 90% certainty
that this is the wrong move to derisk,
you cannot go to bed and have to pray
that this thing doesn't fall more. This
you cannot be in this situation because
from there it's just downhill. I rather
say whatever I lose a percent of my
portfolio with that moved against me but
I take the loss even though I know I get
it all back and much more tomorrow uh
because I do not want to be in the
situation where I wake up and I lost 5%
of the portfolio. That cannot happen. So
yes, you need to have aggressive risk
management. If it goes against you, you
have to pull the plug even if you know
it's just fake news. It's a you know
it's a bear trap. So risk management is
extremely important. You have to pull
the plug.
No war was ever ended because someone
else just wanted it.
That is literally not true. Probably all
wars were ended because someone else
wanted it. If your allies turn against
you, you have to end the war or you're
getting totally destroyed. So in nearly
all cases, if someone wants you to end
the war and that someone is the one you
depend on, you end the war. Very simple.
What else do we have here?
Do you think Tesla continues higher and
catches up the broader market
being at all-time high? Yes, I I believe
Tesla is going back to all-time highs as
long as the market is at all-time highs.
That's exactly the core tactical thesis
here.
Can't call it unethical with no
explanation. Well, this is not I don't
want to get into discussions about him
hers. But I can tell you quickly what
what my problem is. I hate I think
there's a complete abuse of drugs in the
United States. Ridiculous levels of
abuse of drugs. And I think that
business model just totally accelerates
it. It's a brilliant business model.
they're going to make a killing
literally, but uh making people drug
dependent even more is just horrible. So
that's just my personal opinion and has
nothing to do with investing.
If you are doing options and have to
monitor the position, does that mean
cannot have regular 8 to5 job? Yes, that
is it depends on your job. If you can
monitor options all day long in your
job, you can keep the job. Um, so
there's a big difference between alpha
churn strategy where you're selling
short puts and leap strategies where
you're buying calls that are very long
running because you have a clear thesis
for with a 12 to 18 months horizon.
The alpha roll
strategy where you are buying leaps, you
can keep your job. If you go short puts,
you can't keep your job. It's just too
dangerous. So, but you're making a lot
of money with the options. So, you have
to you only make money with the options
if you have a very firm, deep
understanding and strong directional
prediction capabilities for a specific
stock. So, that's why it's not options
trading. This is about stock prediction.
So, you need to pick your stock, for
example, Tesla, and really deeply
understand it and then layer options
around it. and then you can make a lot
of money. But not with a job.
Are you expecting a premium? 50% plus
one of all shares outstanding will be
hard to pass without a premium thought.
Yes.
Well, let's see where we end up, right?
Uh we have to see where we end up, but
I'm pretty Yeah, I'm pretty
it's hard to tell, but at the current
constellation, yes, a premium would be
absolutely necessary for the merger. Do
you buy back the stock if you sold put
goes the wrong direction? How do you
cover on the trade? No, I actually have
a very aggressive pure option strategy.
I never conflate stocks and options. So,
I always close the position. If I want
to use proceeds from my options trades
for adding to the stock position, I do
it this way. But I never I never
actually execute stocks.
Um,
Andrea lost my rational views. I don't
know which of the rational views. I have
so many rational views. Um, this was
existential for Iran, Trump
administration, and most importantly,
Israel. No way China can stop it.
Let's see about that. I don't know. It's
not existential at all for Trump
administration.
for Israel. I also don't think it's ex
like it's debatable, but definitely it's
not it's not existential for Trump for
the Trump administration. It's
completely I mean it's completely
discretionary for Trump and the United
States. Do you think it's better to
start selling options with a weekly or
monthly exp? Of course, weekly. You have
to do the math. Here's simple math. Like
options are very simple math. I love
pragmatic math, not like some stupid
theoretic like black Scholes model. Like
something so stupid I can't even believe
this stuff exists. So you need to be
totally pragmatic. Just look at your
weekly options at the same strike price
and then look at the monthly options,
right? Then look at the premium you get
and you will see
you will see
uh oh so many comments here. You will
see
uh you will see that the monthly options
premium of course is not four times the
weekly. Just do the math right? If you
set it weekly you make probably twice as
much money. Said simple. There are some
complex considerations where you
sometimes want to go longer, but that's
too complicated to explain. But
generally, you have to understand you
just have to look at the premiums and
sum it up on a timeline. It's a time
business, right? If you sell weekly four
times, you always make much more money
than selling monthly one time. So
monthly would have to make you four
times the premium or weekly. And you can
totally forget that. Look up the look up
the thing.
Um, does Germany really hate Elon? Well,
Germany is a lot of people. That's 80
million people. Many of them, millions
love Elon, but tens of millions might
hate Elon. Yes.
H does hit piece from ID. Did you see
the hit piece in German state TV? Hit
piece on on Elon. I haven't seen it.
Uh on Elon or on on on who? On me.
[laughter]
On me.
Um, no I haven't seen that.
Okay guys, I think we wrap it up here.
It's already late. We are already over
time. That was an hour. Wow. I hope this
was interesting. This is my strategy.
Now you know my thoughts on this here.
And uh well, we have more coming
tomorrow. Probably not live. Let's see
how it goes. Uh Herbert is also
tomorrow. And we go from there. We're
working hard here at the Pioneer Reserve
at Pioneer Alpha to get you a little
more models, more research coming soon
on robo taxi. Maybe as early as next
week. Our space model is delayed.
Oh, against FSD. A hit piece on like
these people are just ridiculous. The
the German state TV is so ridiculous.
This is maybe I do the my next German
video on the German
on theers
on the people who operate the state TV
for 10 billion euros a year.
Unbelievable propaganda.
Very good. Okay guys, thank you so much.
See you very soon. Next update coming
tomorrow. Stay tuned. Watch Tesla
and see the future unfold before us.
Thank you so much and see you soon.