Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Tesla Robotaxis Are Showing Up Everywhere
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g19VgpWaPRI
Published:   2026-04-03 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-03 12:50 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think it's safe to say I think there's
a lot of different signs uh pointing to
Robbo taxi expansion not the least of
which is uh production of cyber capab
that's big part of it and in my opinion
you wouldn't you wouldn't produce cyber
cabs at any kind of scale unless you
plan to use them
&gt;&gt; this is what you were talking about this
has just happened in the last what 3
days so you guys remember this this is
the uh the chart that they dropped in an
earnings call we're currently in San
Francisco Bay area and Austin and Tesla
says okay we're going to in Dallas,
Houston, Phoenix, Miami, Orlando, Tampa,
and Las Vegas before the first half of
2026. Well, here's what happened. Uh,
they're now robo taxi Model Y's being
spotted in this one is Orlando, Florida.
And the reason why we think it's model
robo taxi is because they all have rear
camera washers and they have the Texas
manufacturer license plates. So, this
was seen in Orlando, a fleet of them.
You can see here uh a bunch of them. I
don't know how many on this particular
uh I think just a few in this shot here,
but you can see that these are the
Specialized Rear camera washers. The
same thing was found in the suburbs of
Las Vegas in Henderson Tesla Model Y's.
And this one looks like a tremendous
fleet. Lots of them here. And then the
same thing was spotted in Dallas, Texas.
Again, all of them having the rear
camera washers, something which only
Model Y robo taxi vehicles in Austin
have had. We don't know. We've not heard
anybody buy this off, you know, the the
factory and get one yet. This is all
seems to be uh robo taxi kind of
manufactured vehicles. One was spotted
simulating a pickup drop off. Uh these
are the photos you're seeing being
driven around in these cities. And then
there's also even this two validation
Teslas in Houston uh driving around. You
can see that it has a little setup
there. What's your thoughts, guys? Are
these truly robo taxi? This is the one
in Henderson, Las Vegas. Looks like a
entire fleet of them just sitting there.
Like you said, Jeeoff, just sitting
there. Uh, clearly, you know,
something's up.
&gt;&gt; I love this one because for Vegas,
they're red and black cars. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I think that No, they're all red and
black no matter what city. Come on,
dude. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; No. Are they?
&gt;&gt; They are. They're all just red and
black, right? Red, black, and gold.
&gt;&gt; No double zero. No double zero.
[laughter]
I I wonder if this is not the boring
tunnel fleet, you know, self FSD in the
boring tunnel. That would make sense.
That would make sense if they had um if
they got a I mean that's about the right
number of cars for the boring tunnel and
that would be ideal for
you know for that fleet because right
now they're drivers driving them around
and you know that's costing that's out
of their pocket. So that would make an
and it you know the safety issues are so
much uh less critical in that in that
environment because they're driving you
know one car in the tunnel at a time so
could be ideal
&gt;&gt; just not Orlando and Dallas those
&gt;&gt; yeah but the number of cars there just
seem to be greater than Orlando or
Dallas and the
&gt;&gt; you know to park that big a fleet
&gt;&gt; in you know the two colors
I don't know could Uh some more signs
that show that this is possibly
imminent. You got this content producer
for Robo Taxi job opening the Tesla
content. They're going to start
marketing and telling people about the
robo taxi program. Develop video
concepts. You've got uh senior program
manager for customer operations robo
taxi co customer operations full-time.
And then you've got Android app. Looks
like that that's coming soon. This is uh
found from the code here that the
Android app is coming. These are all
tiny little signs, but it sure seems
like uh they're getting ready.
&gt;&gt; I think it's safe to say I think there's
a lot of different signs uh pointing to
Robbo taxi expansion, not the least of
which is uh production of cyber capab.
That's big part of it. And in my
opinion, you wouldn't you wouldn't
produce cyber cabs at any kind of scale
unless you plan to use them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You were there, sir. You took a
look at that. And uh do you want to
share what you discovered when you were
there? Like you went to an Austin event.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Last Friday was a little popup
event that Tesla had where they had uh
CyberCab, Optimus, and a number of
vehicles that were offering FSD test
drives in conjunction with the South by
Southwest event here in Austin. And um
among other things, I think the most
important thing I I captured was a
picture of the sticker that was inside
the door jam. Um that basically showed
that the vehicle uh is certified, meets
all federal, you know, safety standards.
Um, and I had some conversations with
some uh Tesla folks standing around the
vehicle that were there and essentially
uh confirmation again further
confirmation that these vehicles uh
coming off the assembly line will be
will meet all standards, all federal
safety standards
uh without steering wheel and pedals.
Um, people I spoke to seem very
confident about that. There was
absolutely no hedging in their voices. I
think they're a little bit perplexed why
everybody's questioning that.
Um, and such is the nature I think of
the discourse on X. Sometimes people get
carried away with with certain things.
But, um, the vehicle itself was, um,
you know, it's neat. I've seen it in
person before, but seeing it again was
nice. It's it's a little bit narrower
than you would think a typical vehicle.
And a lot of people worry about the
doors and the way that they come up um,
not having enough space, but I think the
narrowness of the vehicle sort of helps
deal with those concerns. I also asked
about, you know, what happens if the
power goes out in the car and you can't
the doors won't open electronically. How
easy is it to manually do it? And they
said it's incredibly easy. Um, and I
suspect that perhaps the neutral
position for the doors is probably
actually up, not down. So that if you go
to open the door, it probably just sort
of naturally rises up just with the way
that it's it's constructed. It probably
takes more physical effort actually to
pull the door down than it would to push
the door up.
Um, the seats of the vehicle are
designed to be basically wheelchair
height. Make it easy, uh, more
accessible for people in wheelchairs to
get in and out. They certainly don't
have to go up very high, if at all, into
the car like they would in a typical
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; That's important to old guys like me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And maybe important to Optimus,
too.
Um, they did also, by the way, have a
trailer with a cyber cab in the trailer
and Optimus sitting inside the cyber
cab, and they were towing that around
down the streets of Austin.
Um, and a few other things. Uh, people
have talked about how there might be a
camera in the back in the trunk to see
if people have left any baggage or any
items in there. And as it currently
stands, they're not producing them with
cameras there, but they are thinking
about it and I suspect that we'll likely
see that at some point. uh in terms of
um trying to think what else there was
but you know the the the car has a sort
of a striking uh nature to it when you
see it in person. It has this very sort
of forward-looking look I think because
the rear wheel is slightly bigger than
the front. It looks like the car is sort
of wanting to move forward. It's got
this forward motion to it even when it's
parked. Um and it definitely draws your
eye. It's a very unique looking vehicle
even given its relatively small stature.
Uh inside the vehicle, uh by the way, uh
the seats, two two seats side by side
with a couple cup holders, uh the the
USB, uh the USBC
ports are now attached to the screen,
just under the screen where you can plug
your phone in. So, they've kind of
simplified things, I think, and made it
maybe a little bit easier to clean, and
you wouldn't have any, you know, crumbs
or anything going into a port that might
be there. Um, it's just it's just a very
well-designed vehicle. When you see it
in person, I think you'll, you know,
anybody that hasn't seen one yet will
sort of instantly recognize how much
thought how much careful thought has
gone into this into this vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Sir, can you uh give a a very quick
summary of why you think it's important
that they had that self-certification
sticker on the the door jambs?
&gt;&gt; Well, any any automobile maker has to
self-certify. And if you're making a
production ready vehicle, and this one
looks like it was, it doesn't have any
steering wheel and pedals. Um, if you're
going to make those, then you have to
certify it. Uh, if Tesla had not
self-certified, then they probably would
have asked for an exemption months ago
and started that process.
Getting an exemption for the 2500
vehicles uh, is not an instant thing.
There's a process associated with it.
There's a public comment period and so
on. There's there's a whole bunch of
hurdles they have to jump through. And
so the fact that Tesla has not gone that
route uh has shown and tells us now very
clearly with this sticker that they've
gone the more conventional route and
certified the car as roadworthy and
meets all standards as it is. Now,
there's already been some relief on the
standards, and I suspect that probably
that Nitsa probably from the top level
down has probably had some conversations
with Tesla and say, "Yeah, you know
what? Some of these rules are old and
outdated. We're going to change them.
And by the way, if you don't meet some
of these minor ones, like a rearview
mirror, we're not going to be too
worried about that." Again, I don't know
that speculation on my part in terms of
what conversations might be had, but
clearly they're very confident about
this vehicle and the way that it's it's
set up and their ability to certify it.
&gt;&gt; And just you're saying that because
they've self-certified it and they don't
have the 2500 uh vehicles exemption,
most likely thing is Tesla can make as
many of these robo taxis without
steering wheels and pedals and roll them
out and use them as as long as the city
and state agree to it until you get
federal framework. Correct. They but
there's no limit to how many they can
roll out.
&gt;&gt; That's correct. Nitsa controls you know
the rules around what vehicles can be
put on the road. The automobile
manufacturer selfcertified to that and
Nitsa can come back later and question
that and and and stop the roll out of
those vehicles if they find something
that's that's unsafe. So the fact that
Tesla has met that from a vehicle
standpoint removes any issue about
producing as many as they want and
rolling them out. The other part of the
equation is the autonomous uh you know
robo taxi rules in each state. So if
they can make as many vehicles as they
want to, they've met certification
there, then it really just comes down to
how many vehicles can they put into each
state given each each state's rules. Um
and this is where ultimately we're
looking for federal legislation just to
kind of lift all those issues and make
it more of a national standard rather
than a state-by-state one. Thank you,
CERN, for going out of your way to have
enjoy a night out in Austin to go to
this event, but then you found out that
they had this vacation label. You got to
speak directly with some of the program
managers of Robo Taxi, and you got us
some good info. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Well, I actually went down there twice.
I went down there first thing in the
morning, got the photos of the sticker
and other photos, and then I went back
at night because they they had this
sticker on the car, the robo taxi
sticker that I was told at night would
be quite striking. And it actually
lights up. uh it's actually powered by
the car. Now, I don't know if they're
just sort of testing something and
whether that will they will actually
roll out vehicles with this the sticker
on it or not. Um but certainly at night
time, you couldn't miss it. It was a
very well lit up robo taxi sticker on
the car both on the on the two doors and
also on the back.
&gt;&gt; You know, you have to think that in in
wide use that there are going to be
fleets of these owned by various
companies who want to co-brand. And this
is one of the things that they have to
test with the uh with the finish on the
vehicle prior to shipping. So, and and
this may be part of the production
version. I was going to ask CERN, was
the paint finish on the exterior, was it
matte or was it mid gloss or high gloss?
Did you
&gt;&gt; This was matte. This this was not one of
the expected uh roboaxis with a higher
gloss, brighter finish. Based on what
Joe Techmeer saw, he indicated to us
that the Roboaxi is going to be a little
bit shinier, a little bit more glossy.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
this is
&gt;&gt; And this one, by the way, was made in
February.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is just going to be
interesting to keep an eye on because a
matte finish
typically is better for hiding molding,
which is these are reaction injection
molded panels. It's typically better for
hiding surface blemishes and defects.
the higher the gloss you go, the the
greater the issue. Now, the the nice
thing about a vehicle versus your cell
phone is that your cell phone, you don't
want any visible defects within about 12
in. with this larger vehicle, you know,
a micro scratch here or there isn't
going to be the end of the world, but
it's it's to me it's a little bit it is
fascinating if they decide to go with
emitter or high gloss because it's
typically lower yielding in production
uh but slightly faster uh cycle times uh
to fill the to fill the part in the
tool. So anyway, just interesting thing
to keep an eye on.
&gt;&gt; These photos you s very nice. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, signs
So, how do they light those signs?
&gt;&gt; You know, I don't know exactly, but they
were powered. There was a video
circulating on X that showing showing
them uh turning it off.
&gt;&gt; Are you sure it's powered?
&gt;&gt; I don't know exactly how they powered
them, but uh they were powered by the
vehicle somehow.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's interesting.