Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Rivian R2 First Look at ACT Expo | Improvements From the R1
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpiufTBQe10
Published:   2026-05-15 20:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone. Uh we're here at ACT 2026.
We're at the Rivian booth. Uh we're
behind us is the R2. We're super excited
to talk about that. I'm with Sam
Anderson. Sam, what do you do for
Rivian?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so I am the fleet sales customer
success manager. Um so making sure all
of our fleet customers stay happy after
they take delivery and their vehicles go
into deployment. Um and it's a ton of
fun. It's it's a blast. Um love to show
you around the R2 since you got a chance
to look at it.
&gt;&gt; Let's do it. Why don't if you would
maybe start with like highle specs. What
are we looking at from a battery pack uh
size perspective, range perspective? Um
any other notable architecture elements?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um so the launch
edition version as you see here, uh
we're at 330 mi of range um out of a I
believe it's an 87 to 89 kWh usable
battery pack.
&gt;&gt; Um 0 to 60 in 3 and 1/2 seconds. I
believe it's just over 650 horsepower.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um dual motor all-wheel drive of course.
Um, and it's of course a completely um
new
&gt;&gt; dual motor, not quad motor.
&gt;&gt; Dual motor as in this launch edition
here with the performance upgrade as
well. Um, and these are new motors
compared to what you'd find on the on
the R1 line. Um, these are bespoke to
the R2.
&gt;&gt; Um, smaller, more powerful, more
efficient, you know, an evolution in
every way. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's super interesting. You
know, I think just from the aesthetic
piece, like standing off to the side of
it, I think one of your associates said
to me, it made me laugh, but it was a
perfect description. And I think it's a
compliment to the vehicle, it looks like
someone took an R1S, so it's larger SUV,
you know, uh, sibling, and put it in the
dryer cuz it's like perfectly scaled
down. Yeah. You know, like if if you
squint your eyes or if you don't have
something to scale it next to, you'd be
like, "Oh, it's an R1S obviously, but
it's not. It's the R2." So was that, you
know, from the design perspective, was
that like a goal? Like we want it to be
just like the R1S proportions, all that
stuff, but scaled down for the size.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, certainly the brand identity
is present. Of course, the the halo
headlights, the, you know, the classic
SUV shape, but I think as you're as you
pay closer attention to the R2, you'll
notice some actually pretty notable
standouts like the clam shell hood, for
instance. Um, it's got a more
exaggerated wheelbase, um, which gives
it a
&gt;&gt; pretty excellent look on the road if you
ask me. Um, one of the easier ways to
tell apart the R1 from the R2 on the
road is that the R2 has these really
cool kind of squared off um, mirror
arms.
&gt;&gt; Y,
&gt;&gt; which is really cool.
&gt;&gt; And of course, the charge port being in
the back here as well.
&gt;&gt; Kn of course,
&gt;&gt; manual charge port in the rear. um you
know, set up for charging on the
driver's rear side there,
&gt;&gt; but still maintaining I think sort of
the signature Rivian like really short
front and rear overhangs, very boxy, but
that translates to head room and and
occupant space on the inside. That's
exactly right. So, it's function also
fashion, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And you know, there's
some things actually we weren't really
willing to compromise on from a um from
a design perspective to you know,
maintain the the SUV shape. Like for
instance, um this spoiler in the rear
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is obviously a huge aerodynamic
benefit. I'm sure you and your audience
understand the importance of
aerodynamics in an an electric vehicle.
Um but the uh the spoiler at the top to
maintain just that silhouette to the to
the rear of the vehicle, and I'm not on
the design team myself, but you can tell
there's a lot of intentionality in
maintaining that identity.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. You know, and I mean there
there's other OEMs out there that have
done this for these purposes. You know,
I think of the Hyundai Ionic, I believe
the, you know, some of the Jaguar
examples from JLR. They've done this
where, you know, you get this really
nice squared off profile in the back,
but you're able to carry that slip
stream down, you know, and and really
break off that um any of that drag at
the tail end of the vehicle. So,
improving the CD.
&gt;&gt; Some of the other vehicles that, you
know, do employ a somewhat similar um
aerodynamic strategy, often it's at the
expense of a rear wiper. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Um and it's not something that that we
decid that we wanted to compromise on.
Um, so of course the R2 does have the
rear wiper standard tucked into um the
little garage there. And that's all set
up for We've done extensive testing on
drainage and ice and debris to make sure
this is something that gets isn't
something that gets um blocked.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you you beat me to the punch when
I looked at this. I'm like really well
done, you know, from the outside unless
you were looking for it. It kind of
disappears below the water line. But my
concern was absolutely what you just
articulated, which is the drainage, the
snow pack, everything getting in there.
what, you know, how is this going to
react in those conditions? But it sounds
like you guys have gone through that.
So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's uh let's swing around to the
front. I know offline we were talking a
little bit about the frunk and and I
think it's one of the things that
relates to taking cost out of the
vehicle. I mean, cost is the name of the
game for the R2, right? We've got to
make it viable for what we're trying to
target in the market segment. So, in the
frunk, we we made some changes. Why
don't you take us through some of those?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. So firstly, we've relo
relocated the button from the bottom of
the fascia and the R1 to the left of the
logo to uh just center of the logo. It's
a touch capacitive button now. Y
&gt;&gt; and it's gas strut open instead of um
Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; and we've changed the design of the
frunk a little bit. It's still obviously
massive. We're, you know, in the among
the largest frunks in our segment, if
not the largest, I believe.
&gt;&gt; Um but we've eliminated some parts here.
Like you can see we've taken out the
mats present on the um the R1. Um uh
there was a two-stage like load floor.
There's a rubberized side and a carpeted
side on on one side.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um and we've been able to eliminate that
part. Um and package the um the
internals underneath just more
efficiently.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So pretty pretty streamlined.
We've got primarily a two-piece as far
as the under hood, you know, close outs.
got a a single piece frunk assembly with
obviously, you know, escape buttons, um,
bulb seal around the periphery, but then
on the on the hood side, no no seal
here, but we do have a compression
molded PET, right? So, I I would I would
anticipate that's largely um an NVH
function, right? Cuz this is going to be
an acoustic panel to a degree.
&gt;&gt; NVH in the grander sense, that would be
the decision behind this. and contrasted
with um what we have currently in the R1
line where this is a you know a finished
surface an injected molded piece um of
you know opportunity to reduce some cost
as well.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Awesome. And and very minimal
you know what what I'm seeing here is
very minimal fasteners. Right. I've got
looks like two locations here but it
looks like most of it may be snap fit
something that's molded on the back side
of these. So really minimizing the the
fastener count or visible fasteners on
something. Yeah, correct. And even
compared to the R1, if I don't we don't
have an R1 here to to contrast with, but
all of these close outs as well on R1,
we have more pieces, more fasteners. So,
um, the intentionality behind the
efficiency of the design, the efficiency
of the vehicle overall, um, you know, it
shows up in little decisions like this.
&gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. Maybe with that
being said, Sam, let's uh let's jump on
the inside and take us through some of
the new features. Yeah. Okay.
All right. Well, welcome to the R2. Um,
so first thing you'll notice is that
you'll probably feel right at home if
you're coming from an R1 or you've been
in a Rivian before. Um, again, the DNA
that we want to the heritage that we
want to um bring over to the to the R2.
Obviously, things are a little different
though. The screen is a slightly
different ratio. Um, a bit more
accessible. Um, you know, a bit lower on
the dash. The dash overall just a bit
lower. Um, so that the the belt line is
lower. the visibility is a bit a bit
better. Um, and of course, we've
truncated the driver's display a little
bit.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, just for allow for a
little better visibility as you move the
steering wheel around. Um, and we've
actually made the uh interior of the R2
even more practical in many ways. Um, of
course, we still have our signature wide
open storage in the middle of the um,
you know, between our two seats as well
as the um, the retractable drawer down
at the bottom. Um, and the R2 also now
has it now also shipping in our R1
products. Um, magnetic charging um, in
the center console.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, as I look around at the
interior, I'm I'm looking for the areas
in which cost was really focused on. And
I'll say, you know, trying to offer a
vehicle at this price point, I'm seeing
still, you know, fabric wrapped IP
components, live stitch, not faux
stitch. We've got vinyl wrap components,
again, live stitch, not faux stitch.
We've got nice vinyl seats with
stitching patterns, perforation. It
looks like ventilation, heating, you
know, so many of the things that you
would say we would, you know, start to
reduce and take out from the customer's
view in the name of cost, we've
maintained a lot of that in this
vehicle. Back, you know, back lit,
ambient lighting, LED, presumably
modifiable. Um, I mean, it it seems like
there's still a lot here for the
customer. We're not taking a lot away
from the customer. Exactly right. Yeah,
that's entirely correct. And even
decisions like changing the the design
of the um the center console door from
that two hinge design on the R1 with the
electronic release to just a simple lift
um and a single door here in R2.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, that's great. So Sam, we we just
swapped seats. You know, we're talking
about these scroll wheels. Like
everyone's got a version of a scroll
wheel. You know, one of the things that
we were just talking about is explain to
me the detents because when I'm moving
these, it's hard to it's going to be
hard to grasp on camera, but when I'm
moving these, these have different
scroll rates, detent resistance, and
throw, meaning the distance between the
detents feels different. And there's I
can grab the wheels from the back to the
sides. What is going on with these?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is our um Halo haptic
wheel.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um and the star of the show are the of
course the Halo wheels here. So, um,
these are electromechanical,
um, you know, input devices, I suppose I
should call them, these wheels. Not only
do they scroll up and down, but you can
toggle them to the left and to the
right. You can press them in from the
front, and you can press them from the
rear as well, um, to, you know, select
whatever you may want to select on the
screen. But what's really interesting,
as you as you noted, is that these
aren't real detents that you're feeling.
These are all electromechanically
controlled, which means we can change
the force, we can change the the throw y
&gt;&gt; contextually based on what we're
adjusting. So, as you as as you may have
seen here, we're adjusting the fan speed
between one of seven different detents.
And as you hit the last detent, you'll
get some resistance. It won't let you go
past that.
&gt;&gt; It says I'm to the bottom. Stop it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And if we toggle over to a
different setting, temperature, for
instance, now we have a much more
granular level of scrub.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Higher resolution in the
clicks here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And that's to the credit of our design
team. Um you know many people you know
clamor for physical buttons. Um but you
know sometimes it feels like you they
don't quite know what they're asking
for. So we can find a way that that you
know fulfills that need that desire for
something more physical
&gt;&gt; um in a software defined way such as
with these with these um halo wheels
then everybody wins because overtheair
software update all of a sudden you know
you can only imagine the things you
might want to control you know using
your steering wheel without taking your
eyes off the road without taking your
hands off the wheel you become um you
know that subconscious tactile feedback
depending on what you're adjusting you
don't even have to look down you just
know oh I'm adjusting fan speed Click it
over. Oh, yep. This feels like
temperature
&gt;&gt; and that becomes second nature.
&gt;&gt; The these these have to be one of the
only examples. I mean, I off the top of
my uh, you know, off the cuff here, I
think these are the only examples I've
seen in this form of an application
where it's not mechanical, it's
electromechanical, and you're actually
using, you know, an electromagnet and
and detents, you know, sort of like a
motor that would be cogging, if if
you're familiar with that. That's a good
way to describe it. Um, and you're
adjusting the rate at which it cogs and
where those poles lie. It's super
interesting. So, Sam, thanks for taking
me through that. It was it was something
that I'm like, "Oh, those are cool
scrollly wheels." But there's a lot more
that meets the eye.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Yeah. And I think
that's the common theme you'll find in
throughout the entire R2.
&gt;&gt; Great.