Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Demand Driver Hasn’t Arrived Yet
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBDGXEPEYbE
Published:   2026-06-05 19:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Tesla car sales across the world
seem to have skyrocketed, this is even
before full self-driving becomes a
demand driver and before insurance is
reduced, just imagine what will happen
when both of these come. We'll do a deep
dive on this today. First, insurance
provider Lemonade just announced they've
expanded their Tesla autonomous car
insurance to Indiana. Lemonade offers
Tesla owners in Oregon, Arizona, and now
Indiana a 50% discount on their
insurance rates for miles driven using
Tesla's full self-driving. Second, with
FSE now approved in 11 countries. Tesla
just announced Tesla FSE version 14 is
coming to Australia and New Zealand.
Every country that gets approved to use
the latest version of FSE will no doubt
see a massive growth in sales over and
above what we're seeing happening this
year. Third, we'll review the
skyrocketing sales numbers of Tesla cars
in China, Australia, Japan, and Germany.
In China, wholesale volume in May grew
39% year-over-year. This is the highest
number so far this year and far
outpacing 2024 and 2025. In Australia,
Model Y was the best selling vehicle of
any kind for the month of May, making it
the first electric car in history to
lead overall AU sales charts. Japan saw
182% jump and in Germany sales have
rebounded to now pass all years except
2023. So today let's discuss what might
happen when people start to realize that
yes indeed these cars can drive
themselves and what might happen when
your monthly insurance falls by half. We
got Brian White joining us today. He's
one of our only true Tesla journalists.
Check out his YouTube channel Futurza
for exclusive on the ground factory
tours and interviews. Welcome Brian.
&gt;&gt; Sales going good you say? Uh why uh I
thought that was done. I thought it was
over. Uh three of the uh dumbest people
you went to high school with have
assured you over and over on Facebook
that these death traps will never catch
on. Uh and we've tried to tell them, but
they just won't listen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're battling a few things,
right? You got the SM U mainstream media
with with just false articles left,
right, and center. People think that
these cars catch fire
&gt;&gt; and so forth. And then now you've got uh
the brand damage that happened last
year. Things have turned around. But
more importantly, what happens when
people realize these cars actually
drives themselves and not what's been
happening for several years where, you
know, we we've been using FSE as testing
and there's still some problems. Now
it's near perfect and it's real value.
And then what happens when insurance
falls by half? So let's start with that
one first. Um, lemonade
car insurance is the first who started
doing this where they now uh offer it in
um what is it? Port Oregon Oregon,
Portland, Arizona.
&gt;&gt; Oregon's one. Yeah, I don't know all the
states. I know Oregon.
&gt;&gt; Arizona and now Indiana.
&gt;&gt; So, they've just launched it Indiana.
And what it is is that if you are
driving a Tesla car and you turn on FSD
during those miles that you have FSD
turned on, they will charge you 50% less
than what they would charge you if you
don't have FSD. Why do they do that?
Because their data has shown that people
with FSD have 50% less accidents, less
less injur in injuries, less issues, and
they're willing to do this. And and the
CEO actually said at one point it's
going to become near zero, and we expect
to do that. And so if you live in uh
Oregon, Arizona, or now Indiana, and you
have a Tesla car, turn on FSE and you'll
get 50% reduction in monthly price.
Isn't that amazing?
&gt;&gt; It is. I'm waiting to see if it's real
because, you know, I've seen it's like
when you say, "Oh, that we've got a
special 20% off deal going on at our
store." And then you look at the prices
and they're terrible. I had one time I
bought contact lenses and it came with a
coupon for a dollar off saline. I went
to use the coupon only to find that it's
only for a brand that costs $5 more than
the generic. That's not a savings. So,
uh, if you live in one of those states,
if you're using Lemonade, please let us
know in the comments. I would love to
hear if it's in practice actually saving
and how much over the competition. Uh,
it's not unusual if you hop insurance
carriers every six months. It's not
unusual to find some company somewhere
that just did the math wrong and
accidentally gives you a price that's
too low. Uh but that shouldn't be too
common. Those companies tend to go out
of business. Uh I would like to see more
of that. So getting the word out is the
big thing. I'm out there every day
telling people about it, giving people
rides, letting them know that this is
real. And it's crazy because it's so
good now that people don't realize that
you're using it. I I'm telling you, I
have not touched the wheel this entire
drive. Wait, so you're using it now?
Honey, I I don't know how to be any
clearer about this. I haven't been ne No
one in this car has been driving. We're
just going to our destination. So, yeah,
getting the word out is going to make a
big deal. And it was pointed out to me
in the comments on one of my videos.
Someone said, "Look, once the robo taxi
is actually out, is actually being used
that people will see it, understand it,
and when you realize, wait, this is the
software I can have. This is the wait,
this is the software that's in my car at
home, in my driveway that I'm just not
using, we're going to see a surge in uh
adoption of the FSD subscription, which
is more or less free money." So that
will, you know, pad in some pretty nice
margin in future quarters.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so I actually use lemonade here in
the state of Washington. I'm waiting for
this product to be offered here. It's
not, it's Oregon close by. Uh, but it is
for me, I've researched it. I've own a
Tesla, several Teslas, and uh, I've
researched it, and for me it's a it's
the most uh, more affordable insurance
because they do it based on uh, how
often you drive. And I don't drive
often. I'm I work from home. Uh so one
of my cars we don't drive very often. So
for me it works really well because they
will charge you based on miles driven as
opposed to other insurance that don't do
that. They'll just charge you whatever
it is, whatever the amount is, whatever
your risk factor is. Uh and now this
comes along and if I'm using FSE, my
price will even go 50%. Yeah, trust me,
this is worth it. So I'm your I'm your
guy that's going to tell you state of
Washington, I'm waiting for this to
happen. it is cheaper than the
alternative already is already cheaper
now and just wait till this happens. So
we we'll come back to this but insurance
is a significant
you know hit on the wallet each month
and so when people realize that uh this
is the only car that could do this now
only it's only lemonade so we'll have to
see what happens it's took it's taken
them a long time to expand to three car
three states uh they they said that
they'll expand it to 10 states so at
that point we'll see if that makes a
dent to other insurance companies to
wake up and go, "Okay, I better, you
know, do something."
&gt;&gt; The beauty of doing this is it creates a
virtue cycle that cascades. You get a
all the good customers end up
concentrated in lemonade and Tesla
insurance.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; All the lowrisk people. And they're
paying the least. They're paying an
amount that the other guys can't
possibly afford to charge because they
actually know that these are actually
lowrisk drivers. and all the people over
here, those policies are going to likely
escalate in cost uh because they're
because they've got nothing but the
worst drivers. So, I would uh I hope
that the insurance companies are agile
enough to not hurt themselves, but we'll
see. It it's it's all about numbers and
right now I'm sure it's tiny numbers in
these two three states and so it's
probably not making a dent at all but
it's it you know the word is
&gt;&gt; the beauty on FSD I just got to say it
is I never worry about tickets I never
worry about accidents uh even if I'm you
know having a bad day if I'm a little
tired uh if I'm in an unfamiliar city
once you're used to FSD you realize how
big your blind spots are just beh just I
mean it is not humans are nothing but
blind spots and you've got uh the car
doesn't the car just knows. I've got a
huge tree in front of my house. When
you're backing out it's tough to see
around it, but it's easier uh when
you've got the rear camera that's got
180° field of view and two different
cameras on the side that can get you
kind of around trees. The car knows
things that my little meat head cannot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. better than us at this point for
sure. Okay, so that's insurance. Now
we'll come back to this but uh FSC
supervised uh it's getting better
especially the 14 series especially 14.3
&gt;&gt; um and so you know let's talk about
that. So right now FSE supervised is
available in 10 countries or 11
countries now because um this was in May
and I think what is it? Estonia was
added also and I think Belgium's coming
in a couple weeks but in these states
and by the way just be clear China is a
kind of like a very small number of
people are offered it and it's very
limited rollout. So it's not I don't
know if you can really truly say it's
it's available there but it is in in a
limited way. So it is available but
every many of these countries they have
the lowest like a 13 series or something
like that. not not usually the most
recent and for some reason uh Tesla in
Australia announced told their customers
that they're about to soon they don't
even have a date yet but they said that
version 14 is in its final stages of
local development testing and it's
coming soon and then uh we don't have
convert date to share just yet but we're
actively working on this so I'm not sure
why they did this why they announced it
to the Australian Tesla owners that
version 14 is coming.
&gt;&gt; The version of 13 they have seems to be
awfully awfully good. But I would say
that my last experience on version 13
was also very good. But yeah, it does
seem weird that they would tell them. Uh
I think the bigger announcement would be
when are we getting it on hardware 3
because that's most of the cars on the
road and that's what I've been hearing
people really uh desperate to get. Trust
me, Tesla wants it out there as much as
you do because it unlocks so much
revenue potential. Same with people
saying, "Oh, they're never going to do a
light version of 13 or 14 for hardware 3
because they want to move on to the next
big thing." My friend, the next big
thing is unlocking that revenue stream
on millions of cars. They are plenty
motivated. Worry not about that.
&gt;&gt; So, we shall see once people see how
good 14.3 the latest versions are. That
is the real jump and we'll see if that
demand driver becomes a true demand
driver. In the meantime, without this,
people don't really quite yet know FSA
is really there. I mean, they're
starting to maybe I I'll ask you this
quite we'll come back to it later. Let's
go through the the skyrocketing sales
across every country. I like to test
your geography, don't I? Every I did
this last week.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Here's a photo. Where are we?
&gt;&gt; That's on the coast of the of the river
on the edge of the basically the Bund in
Shanghai. You're looking out towards
Puong.
&gt;&gt; Yep. You've been here. You you know this
place. So So you know this place. Yeah.
This is China. Let's talk China. In May,
Tesla Giga Shanghai wholesale sales
local in China and exports. Like you
wholesale means both the sales in China
as well as the exports. 85,982
Model 3s and Model Y's. This is a
year-on-year increase of 39.4% and a
month-on-month increase of 8.2%.
Compared to last year, year-to- date
sales are up by 30%. 29%. highest sales
after two months into the quarter since
2022.
So this
&gt;&gt; that's the important part.
&gt;&gt; Okay, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Because because well well yes but last
year we were still reamping. True,
Shanghai ramps faster than other
factories. By June they were they were
at their stride to be up significantly
from there is important but more
important is are you telling me that you
have to go all the way back to 2022 to
find a metric comparable to this? That's
an important number because 23 and 24
were fully ramped years and this
particular time window was better than
those. So that's that's big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Some of the other points to be
made here. Um from January to May,
Tesla's China's total wholesale volume
breached 378,000, a 29% increase
year-over-year. Um and then cumulatively
Tesla's so far outpacing 2024 25. So
they're doing really well. Again, 25 not
impressed. That's when we had the big uh
retooling, but 24 was a fully ramped
year. You can see that year is it's just
right there with it. Uh but it has now
surpassed it in April and May. Uh so
that is huge. This I mean it's on pace
for a record year. And this amid growing
competition, amid pricing pressure, amid
uh other companies building their
versions of autonomy which pretend to be
as good. And maybe maybe they are. It's
easy to pretend when there isn't enough
uh permission to roll them out wide for
folks to actually compare. It's uh you
know, it's too expensive for China,
Herbert. No one will buy it. Well, I
think that's a very very good point that
you just made there because um while
it's great to see it rebound for China,
Tesla China, you got to remember what's
going on in China. It's a blood bath.
They have price wars. Companies are
dying. They they can't get
profitability. BYD's fa sales have just
fallen off the cliff for last quarters.
So, it's good to see not only is Tesla
back up again, especially at the high
sales points come like you're saying,
it's a high higher segment than others
and it's still something that's
interested in despite the fact that
other car companies have just, you know,
increased the technology that they have,
right? You know this, you were just
there a few months ago.
So
&gt;&gt; do you think to what point to what
extent do you think that because you
were there and you tested not only uh
you didn't get to test this FSD there
but it's the older version anyway it's a
13 series version 13 there but you did
test shopangs which is considered to be
the next the best Chinese version of FSD
their version of FSD do you think to
what extent do you think that the
Chinese community the people who are
buying cars know that Tesla has better
self-driving and therefore I want to buy
it or that's still not the decision-m at
this point.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know what the market uh
mentality is. I don't know if people are
aware of FSD from any brand. I don't
know if u they have an opinion on which
one's leading. So I unfortunately I'm
not unable to answer that. But I will
say that Tesla and Huawei are the only
ones who charge extra for it which
&gt;&gt; could be a disadvantage. I thought Shia
Pong is offering it for free now,
&gt;&gt; right? Tesla and Huawei are the Is that
is that what I said?
&gt;&gt; Are the only ones that are charging
&gt;&gt; Xiaoong's brilliantly is offering it for
free so that they can get as many cars
as possible to capture the data. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And BYD as well and Huawei's lesser
functionality tiers uh are also free. So
it's only the top one from Tesla and
Huawei that actually cost money.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay, let's uh come back to that.
So, you got Model Y here in Australia,
bestselling vehicle of any kind in
Australia, making it the first electric
car in history to lead the overall AU
sales charts across all fuel types. I
was going to ask you, where's this
Brian, but
&gt;&gt; you would?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's not upside down, so I can't
tell you if it's Australia or not.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Congrats, AU team, says
LA, who's the uh Tom Tomju uh in charge
of, you know, Changhai global sales, but
specifically in Asia. Um, and Australia
sales in Australia. Look at this. Like
market share is 336 126 above the
three-month trailing average. Highest
market share ever. Tesla 6 bestselling
brand. Model Y bestselling car. 87% is
Model Y's and 13% Model 3s. Second best
month ever. 425% increase versus last
month. And uh, see that's the kind of
comparison. Well, it's hard to say. I I
just don't like the uh year-over-year.
But yes, month over month is also not
something you should hang your hat on.
But thank you to Roland Percher, by the
way. He's he's fantastic coming up with
these um these days. Best month since 35
months.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's going on in Australia?
&gt;&gt; Well, rumor has it uh the cost of petrol
has gone through the roof. Uh it has,
you know, uh it causes a real problem.
Gas prices already weren't super
affordable in Australia. uh and this has
made them substantially less affordable.
The real winners of this because you'll
see there's also I saw he has a chart
that covers BEV adoption generally. on
that chart, you'll see it's way up
because a lot of companies like uh more
than Tesla, like BYD and the and the
other ones, the Chinese brands had
inventory on lots. And when the gas
prices went high enough, a lot of people
said to heck with this nonsense, went in
and just traded it in that day, cleared
out inventory. Uh locations that had
been selling, you know, one or two a day
were all of the sudden selling 10 a day
until they were all gone. Same thing
happened with the used vehicles. Used
vehicles just disappeared. Prices went
up quite a bit because as soon as they
come in, they're gone because gas prices
are just too darn high. Um, for Tesla to
be number to have the number one model
uh must come as quite a shock to a
number of people around the world. If
you've never driven a Model Y, let alone
a refreshed Model Y, you don't
understand what you're missing. You
don't know why this is the bestselling
car in the world, but also in many
markets. Not all the time, not
everywhere, but often and and all over
the place. So, there are uh I saw a
gentleman who said, "Boy, I sure hope uh
I can get, you know, this one particular
model from BYD in my market because I
just I just, you know, I test drove a
Tesla years ago and I didn't like it." I
said, "Need to drive the new one." if if
for no other reason than to know what
you're missing. It's a darn good car.
&gt;&gt; Put it in perspective though, um 2026 is
the pink line and uh we're we're below
2024, which is the red line, and 2023,
which is the yellow line. Okay, we're
below. So, but it's like this sharp
increase. So, maybe you're right that
the gas prices will make this thing just
skyrocket back up and beat these guys.
But right now, why did it go why is it
lower than those last two years?
&gt;&gt; One possibility is that uh Giga Shanghai
is production constraint. They can only
make so many. You're going to send them
to wherever it is that has the highest
markup, the highest margin. And that was
likely Japan and Korea. Those are also
de developed countries uh with strong
incomes and buying power. Uh so it is I
don't know if there was some reason I
would have assumed that Tesla if it
faltered at all was just because of the
wealth of other uh vehicles that that
are available for purchase uh from
increasingly competent brands. The
Chinese brands sell quite well in China
all sorry the Chinese brands sell quite
well in Australia because they are in
terms of imports on a level playing
field. The Chinese cars are actually
cheaper because because they they don't
slap them with punitive import tariffs.
There is no domestic manufacturing to
protect it. Makes it uh
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; But if you look at the uh BEV adoption,
it's uh here you go. We're at 19.9%
now. That's great.
&gt;&gt; That is a big
&gt;&gt; that's a huge that's a you know, look at
that. Boom. Yeah, that's last month.
That's just in May. But boy, that is
great. I seem to see here. Uh BEV sales
in May again jumped and again you're
right. It's it's very likely it is the
gas prices that's make driving this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you don't have to go back
very far. You can see that it increased
as soon as the prices started going up
and it and it keeps increasing.
&gt;&gt; Yep. All right. This is 2026 BEV
adoption in Australia
&gt;&gt; uh in 2026 again by month. Okay. Great.
Thank you again to Roland.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, great, great, great charts. All
right, that is Australia. Let's talk
Japan. So, here's Japan. Uh,
registrations in Japan jumped 182%
year-over-year in May to 2,000 vehicles.
It's on track for its best year yet in a
country. Small numbers. Yeah. Year to
date, Tesla's registered 8,000 vehicles.
So, 2,000 in May, up roughly 157%
on the same period in 2025.
And uh the May result pushed Tesla past
Audi year to date, moving it from fifth
to fourth among imported brands in
Japan. Fifth to fourth among imported
brands in Japan and 182%. And Tom Drew
said three more to go. So I think he's
referring to he wants to be number one
in Japan.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Among imported brands. So that's
the thing. Japan is a market you don't
go into. Herbert, don't even waste your
time. The domestic brands are so strong.
There's no reason you will never get a
foothold. Tesla sold, you know, a
handful of cars before really getting
serious with the Models 3 and Y. And now
that they're in, people love it. There
are people who will buy imported cars
because they just want to at a time
when, you know, go back 20, 30, 50 years
in the US even, no matter how dominant
American muscle cars and luxury cars
were, people still respected Mercedes.
They still respected Jaguar and Porsche
and their neighbors might give them a
funny look about it, but look, you can
judge me all you want. This is the car I
want to get. I'm going to get it. Tesla
entered those markets and is doing
awfully well. And you can argue, well,
few thousand cars a month doesn't
matter, guys. Uh, forget the five grand
a unit in margin. Uh, look at the
potential for FSD. All those thousands
of cars could be generating a hundred
bucks. If you're going to uh frown on,
you know, a quarter million dollars a
month uh from FSD on just a month of for
each month that you have been selling
cars, uh you might be uh losing your
mind.
&gt;&gt; Small numbers, but yeah, important. So,
Germany though, I just thought that I
picked Germany because uh Roland
obviously does every country, but
Germany is very interesting, right?
because it's it's the heart of the uh
the auto industry there.
&gt;&gt; The sales have rebounded to now pass all
years except 2023.
&gt;&gt; So they reported 5,000 Tesla sales and
2.1% market share in May. BEV
penetration is 25%. Tesla has 8.5% of
that segment. That's a good number. 25%
much better than US. uh market share is
uh yeah so it's grown very year-to- date
200% over the same period last year 109%
over last year's total so things are
moving highest quarter after two months
since uh Q1 second best May ever things
have moved as well in May here we have
May here 2026 in pink um so not like
2023 but it's better than the last two
years there what's going on in Germany
&gt;&gt; so uh Germany is an interesting one to
follow for a couple reasons. The first
is they don't do up to the second up to
the day registration numbers the way
most of the other countries in Europe
do. So we only get snapshots
periodically. So when those come out,
they have more weight because more time
has passed since the last report. We've
seen a lot of people who said it's over
for Tesla and Germany because the
domestic brands are finally making
affordable and compelling cars. I would
agree. They do have some great cars, but
they are at the end of the day just a
car. As soon as FSD goes to Germany, we
can have a different conversation. But
for now, the Audi's, the VWs, the
Porsches, those are good cars. Europe is
very serious about electrification. You
saw, you know, 20 25% adoption. That
means that this is real. This is
happening. The manufacturers have come
around to that. So, you've got strong
domestic competition. You've got decent
cars uh that you can get instead of a
Tesla. You've got cars that may even be
more affordable or more to your form
factor desires, but the thing that
people were really saying was it's over
because politics.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Germany's not going to stand for this.
And I said, look, car buyers have a very
short memory. They are
&gt;&gt; suffering amnesia like crazy. And to
prove my point, just look at dieselgate.
It was the talk of the town. And then
all of a sudden everyone kind of forgot.
And so this works uh both in your favor
and against you, Germany. We forgot
about dieselgate. You forgot what you
were upset about. Let's just buy the
best car. And as much as I love to give
the competition kudos where it makes
sense, the value proposition for buying
a Tesla is simply stronger than it is
for, I believe, any of the German
brands. Okay, so we just went through
some select countries. Uh this is being
repeated many many countries. It looks
like that Tesla's rebounded in sales
across the globe almost. I I can't pick
a single country really that hasn't seen
a a jump. What about what happens when
FSD becomes a demand driver?
&gt;&gt; What what will it take for the general
consumer or I'm assuming that they don't
know now maybe they do. How do we in
first understand this? To what extent do
you think that FSE is a demand driver
today? And if it isn't, when will it
become a true demand driver? I really
think robo taxi is going to be the the
cutting edge of it. Uh I don't know how
you get people to understand. I don't
know how many times I've talked to
someone and said, "Yeah, well, my car
drives itself." And they go, "Oh, mine,
too. I drive a Chevy Blazer." Yours does
not. You try and do what I do in your
car, you will be gone within a half
hour. I do not wish for you to try that.
No. No. My car actually drive. It
actually does it. And people don't
understand that. My fear is that once
the knowledge that self-driving exists
gets out, people will go into their
local Subaru dealer and the salesman
will trick them into buying the wrong
car. Uh so I don't know. I I am hopeful
that
friends and neighbors will educate each
other uh sufficiently that people will
understand. But let's take the most
pessimistic view I can see possible.
What if forget this 14% adoption we're
seeing in the US. What if it's only 5%
of people who are actually interested
because that 14% is among Tesla owners,
not the general public. Let's say it's
5%.
If 5% of all new car buyers say, "I will
only buy a car with FSD," that's huge.
In the US alone, you're talking an extra
what would that be? 400,000 sales,
doubling of the market.
&gt;&gt; Uh if only 5%. And if it's the
possibility, and it'll only grow in part
because it's getting better, but in part
because people are finding out that it
exists.
&gt;&gt; Very good. But thank you for putting
that in context. Okay. So yeah, I think
there's two parts, right? Finding out
that exists. I think the robo taxi, as
you said, imagine when two years from
now, right, a year, two years from now,
there's like blanketed with cyber caps
everywhere. And and we're seeing this
already. I think there's been lots of uh
mainstream media reporting now that robo
taxis are real. Whimo, people are
realizing these things exist, that you
can now hail a self-driving car. Then
they go and say, "Okay, well, that
technology exists. Can I buy it?" and
and no, there's no one that offers you
to buy it except for Tesla,
&gt;&gt; Xiaomi, Xiaoang, that's it, right? BYD
maybe, but theirs is not really
endto-end self-driving yet. You know,
&gt;&gt; in most countries, those Chinese
competitors do not have the ability to
operate yet. So, outside of China, it's
kind of just Tesla.
&gt;&gt; It's just Tesla. So once people realize
that you can buy a car today that does
end to end driving from any point A to
any point B it will be a demand driver
and uh so that just slowly people will
realize this exists. So, I think you're
right. It's when robo taxi is out there,
uh, this will be massive. And so, we're
just seeing the beginning of car sales
going up. And then the question is, how
many cars can Tesla make? And so, I
guess I'm assuming, you tell me, but
they will watch the demand. If they see
the demand rise, they'll increase
production.
Simple as that, or what do you think?
&gt;&gt; It is absolutely that simple. Because
while Fremont and Shanghai are
absolutely tapped out, Texas, Giga, Giga
Texas and Giga Berlin are not both of
those have the opportunity to expand
production substantially within the
footprint they have within the lines
they have just by adding shifts and
they'll do that
&gt;&gt; and we know in Gregor Berlin they've
already announced that they are
increasing a 20% production. They
already made that major that
announcement. So that they're expecting
it to happen.
&gt;&gt; And now that you've seen the sales, you
know why.
&gt;&gt; And now that we know that FSD is
expanding in Europe, we know why. Soon
as FSD comes, sales will go up. All
right. Great discussion. This is the
most important thing to to track is FSD
becoming a demand driver and then of of
course it's robo taxi, but it's uh it's
it's FSD become a demand driver,
insurance. If it if flips car ownership
completely where you don't actually pay
for the car, it pays you back when you
can include it into robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. Thank you so much, Brian.
Follow him on his channel at Futurazza.
See you there. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbond.com.