Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Iran Update and Tesla Stock Strategy
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtTb4nm6WVI
Published:   2026-04-13 18:46 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-14 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You guys can hear me. Uh, we are on X
and on YouTube in parallel. Hello from
Camoy
Kamu in Norway. That's very good. Can
you guys hear me?
Can everyone hear me?
Doing a sound check here to make sure
this new setup actually works.
Good evening, Joe from Latvia.
Beautiful. Hi to Latvia.
Yep, you can hear me. All good. Very
good. So, let's get started. Uh we had a
live session yesterday, the Pioneer
Academy, but today we are just going all
in to the market. You know, important
things are happening and
what is happening is exactly what we
predicted yesterday night when Trump
announced the blockade of the blockade.
And I said this is very good. This is in
my opinion in a very important
deescalation.
Step into an offramp. We know that Trump
was in a predicament. He could not
militarily escalate even though he
threatened that. it would have been a
disaster for many reasons because Iran
is very hard to invade or impossible to
invade. So he needed an offramp and when
he announced the blockade the first
reaction of the market was oh we are
shocked oil went up futures went down
Sunday night but I predicted this is
going to be a green day it's going to be
good because the blockade signals that
we are off ramping from military
escalation the blockade also didn't make
much sense in my mind and we see exactly
these things even though I don't know if
this this here is fake news or not on X
But I said the blockade is not really
won't really work, which is actually a
good thing because a blockade of Iran on
the high seas to blockade the ships that
coming in and out is impossible for the
United States because it would require
other countries to just agree to it
because we have to play scenarios
through here. What if the Chinese and we
have now these news on X, not sure if
they're true or not. You never know an
X. Uh, but now people say the Chinese
are exactly doing what I predicted.
Um, if you do a blockade, what happens
if someone doesn't want to get
blockaded? What happens if a Chinese
vessel says, you know, screw you,
America, you can't stop me. What are you
going to do? Are you going to attack
that ship? Are you going to board it?
That's an act of war against China. It's
an act of war against India and so on
and so forth. So that blockade is
impossible to uphold unless you want to
go to war and no one wants to go to war
against the entire world. That is why I
was very clear very quickly. This is not
a real thing. You cannot uphold this
blockade. It's not going to work. And
even if it's a Mexican standoff because
you're choking off the oil markets and I
predicted this is just another signal
that this conflict is effectively over.
Turns out the market at least agrees and
went positive. So if you look at the
market today exactly as predicted
yesterday it started super duper down
here at 9:30 we were negative. We were
hitting what was that here? 22,800.
We are now at 23,86
up8%.
So market clearly believes this is not a
big deal or it's even deescalatory
exactly as I thought it would be and
that confirms our greater thesis
that this conflict is over. Let's look
at oil. Look, oil dropped dramatically
uh after going up to 10 103 I think and
it's now now down to 97.
So very good signals here. If you look
at the oil curve and sorry if you're
just not that interested in macro in
Iran, we have to look at these things
because they determine the market. Look
at this total drop of the price after
going up a lot in pre-market.
Very good. I'm very proud I did the
right call here. Making the right call
is very important because it makes us
money and enforces our Pioneer Alpha
advantage.
Uh Dioanist says, "My Pioneer Alpha
strategy didn't go as you wanted." I
disagree with you, Dio. It goes exactly
as I want. My goal with Pioneer Alpha is
to massively outperform the rest,
especially Tesla, and I'm doing that. So
I don't know what your comment refers
to. It's very simple. This is not
theory. This is not political blah blah.
We are now institutional by the way. We
an institutional pioneer alpha portfolio
and we are winning and there's not much
to debate. We are winning and that's
exactly what we want. Of course we are
down for the year by the way. We're down
roughly, we are getting the latest
numbers for last week and we're down
roughly 14%.
But Tesla is down over 20% and that's
our main benchmark because our biggest
holding is Tesla and I don't mind being
down. That's not the thing because we
are heavily alphaing out Tesla and we
are focusing on Tesla and some other AI
stocks. I'm happy to be a little down
when the market or our reference
portfolio is down so much because it's a
volatile portfolio and when it goes up
we will go up much much more. You know
we are not someone who is trying to have
a low beta to these stocks. We are
outperforming them as you will see as we
did last year and the year before.
So when I make these predictions it's
not a game. It's actually about money.
That's why I share it here for you guys.
and everything is looking good. So let's
look at Tesla
uh 350
here. Let's go to one day or 5 day.
So of course here that was a little bit
of a bull trap uh April 8th. Then we got
hit a little bit. I got hit here. So
that was a bad day. But then pretty
nicely outperformed Tesla every single
day. And today is just another day. So
my strategy now going forward is very
simple. When we look at the big picture
uh here
s street cred zero says it's just common
sense blockade of humus was the only
Iran card left. So the obvious move is
to take it off the table. Well let's see
I think it's just deescalating the whole
thing. So
what do we do now? Where are we going
from here? Let's take a look at Tesla.
Here is where we are at. And you know
that I think we are building and forming
a bottom here. Why is that? A lot of
technical analysts make a mistake. The
technical analysts tend to only look at
their own stock at Tesla. But this is
not a Tesla story. This decline here has
been a market story in combination with
Tesla not having any catalysts in Q1. I
made very clear in December that I
predict a slow deflation of the stock
due to a lack of catalysts relative to
the market. And that's exactly what
happened. The market went down. Tesla
went down more. But now my prediction
comes next. I think the market is
bottoming out. I told you guys I think
it's a coiled spring because AI we are
in a crazy crazy time in AI. We are
implementing now the agents all over the
place. Open Claw in Pioneer Lands in the
Pioneer Academy launching an agent
system. Go to pioneerlands.org. By the
way, if you're a citizen, you will get
free tokens. Not not unlimited, very
limited free tokens because this is
expensive stuff, but you will get free
tokens to test out our Dropner agent
system. These are trained agents that
are much smarter than what you normally
get on Claude or Open Claw. They are
very well-trained agents that we are
using internally and that we make
available to our citizens. If you're not
a citizen, you have to pay because we
have to pay. You have to pay for the
tokens. But long story short, we are
seeing that there's a massive disruption
in the AGI space. Intelligence has hit
an inflection point. An inflection
point.
Uh and that is very very important.
about last night says
for weeks they have been talking about
the street of hummus and it makes you
hungry. I understand that hummus cannot
be blocked. Hummus is everywhere. So
what we are seeing big picture is a
massive massive capability expansion
in terms of AI. A massive capability
expansion in terms of AI that drives the
market higher. that drives the AI stocks
higher. Mostly semiconductors, Nvidia,
some of the hypers scale scalers
including Amazon,
but also of course the model producers
OpenAI and most important of all
anthropic. Don't forget that Amazon
holds 20% in Anthropic. So Amazon is
your public stock to actually play the
Anthropic story. Anthropic is now
exceeding the OpenAI market cap 800
billion. Crazy story.
All happened in the last two months
because of the agent revolution. And
Nvidia, as you know, I cover this a lot.
Nvidia, one of my favorite stocks
outside Tesla. Nvidia also clearly
pivoted or re-emphasized or emphasized
the agent strategy with Nimoclaw,
with DGX, their at home and consumer
mini AI factory that you can buy, DJX
Spark, and so on and so forth. Now, uh,
Matthew Burman, for example, they're
promoting this, the great AI YouTubers.
So, there is a giant revolution going
on. The AI bubble talk, as I also said
in November, is complete bogus. But now,
Wall Street understands it and embraces
it that this is not a bubble. In fact,
it's the greatest demand explosion and
growth we have ever seen in the history
of humanity connected to the greatest
capex expenditure.
But it's absolutely not a bubble. It is
the exact opposite this time. It is the
most profitable and craziest technology
that we have ever seen that will drive
productivity through the roof. Now, I'm
not saying there won't be disruptions
and people won't suffer and economies
won't half implode while the other half
explodes. There will be unemployment
chaos. There will be political chaos.
All of that is coming now, this year,
and then escalating into next year. But
for us, we're talking stocks right now.
The stocks at the core of that eye of
the storm, the semiconductors,
even Intel now, Intel, Broadcom, AMD,
the RAM producers,
HK, MU, Micron Technologies, and so on.
hot stuff. We just have to watch out for
valuations and of course the easiest
play is Nvidia. Nvidia is at the eye of
the storm. Now, there are long-term
implications for Tesla. Of course, super
bullish on Terrafab and all these
things, but Tesla will take a long time
to get there.
The long story short here is that the AI
play is absolutely now a coiled spring
and it's coming back. Nvidia already
nearly at 190. Uh, I bet on Nvidia
pretty strongly. That pays off and I
keep betting on it. Look at this. There
was a huge run up of Nvidia. Look at
this. This thing was at 175 and it's now
at 190 within 5 days. And I said it
here. I literally said it here. It's
going to 200 in no time. I didn't
predict it so fast to go so fast. So,
I'm a little underexposed. I'm still
happy, but I could have been more
exposed. Whereas Tesla is lingering
around a little bit here.
Uh lingering al around a little bit. But
I do think Tesla
forms a bottom here because it will be
hard for Tesla to drop much more from
here if the market keeps going up. But
Tesla took a red little bit of a hit
when 14.3 came out and people were
slightly disappointed. So now they're
saying like, "Oh, is Roboaxi and Cyber
maybe not scaling?
I think if you take a step back, we are
through this crisis now more or less.
The market is going to go higher. The AI
play will absolutely come into play now.
And Tesla is one of the greatest, if not
the greatest representation of a company
that will capture all this upset of AI
with a giant mode around it because it's
a hardweared driven company with no
competition. There is no competition for
robo taxi. no serious competition.
There is very little competition on
Optimus when you really think about it.
And of course, when it comes to all
SpaceX situation, that's a total
monopoly. So Tesla, I think, is well
positioned. The street has now to wrap
their heads around this a little bit.
What I like about Tesla right now, why
I'm increasing my exposure beyond the
core position significantly. I'm now
doubled my position. Uh so I'm I am now
in the over 100% exposure territory.
just to give you a feel. So, I'm taking
some risks here. I'm over 100% invested,
which is normal for Pioneer Alpha in any
reasonably bullish face.
I think it's a good time now to be in
this. I'm also looking at micro
strategy, of course, and crypto. Let's
not talk about micro strategy alone.
Let's talk about uh crypto
and
uh what we see with Bitcoin and
Ethereum. Bitcoin of course behaving
very very attractively throughout this
crisis after its big crash down 37% of
course here over the last six months in
the Iran crisis see this crashed
actually before the Iran crisis
beginning of February was the darkest
hour I remember this long story not
going to go into that but I remember
that when I looked at my Bitcoin and it
totally crashed to 42 uh 62,000
And there was a big fear, but I saw how
much it already crashed. Looked at the
fundamentals, huge adoption,
institutional adoption, broader adoption
of Bitcoin across the different
segments.
So, it's weird that it's crashing
against the fundamental rise. Same for
Ethereum, by the way. And we saw this
very strong behavior throughout the
crisis when you think about that. See,
here's the beginning of the Iran crisis.
Look at that. And it actually went up.
choppy here. So, this looks like forming
an incredibly strong bottom, which I
like a lot. And that leads us to Micro
Strategy. Of course, people ask me, is
that a good buy? And I think Micro
Strategy, of course, suffered a lot
here, more than Bitcoin, nearly twice as
much down.
I like Micro Strategy here to be totally
honest. Uh not as much as Tesla. You
know, I'm very focused on Tesla. Micro
strategy has the risk that it's
dependent on Bitcoin and Bitcoin is of
course I have a much harder time
predicting Bitcoin tactically than I can
predict Tesla. Tesla is my strength.
Nvidia I'm getting better. Bitcoin I am
not so sure. I just see strategically
this could be very well a strong bottom
forming with enormous upside. So that's
a nice portfolio if you want
concentrated AI and blockchain exposure.
I think Micro Strategy, Nvidia and Tesla
good potential place. Be cautious. Not
investment advice.
Uh so there we have it.
Now BMNR.
Well, I don't have any. I have a lot of
Ethereum, but I am thinking about it. So
that's a treasury company by Tom Lee
focusing on Ethereum. I don't know why
these guys are so less less
professionalized than Micro Strategy. I
hate their website. They should be much
more like Micro Strategy. They could
also talk about their metrics much
better and more. I like about Micro
Strategy how they set up the website and
everything. It's very easy to track. In
case you don't know their website, it's
like amazing. I will show it to you now.
uh and as opposed to Bitmine
uh which is a very crappy website look
at micro strategy that's how a good
website should look like I learned a lot
for our website at pioneer alpha and
pioneer reserve where we track our bonds
and our institutional portfolio now go
to pionerreserve.com
if you want to know more uh to check out
our corporate website and how this looks
like a little more complex than here but
Here you have all the great indicators
and this is the most important indicator
for me right 1.1
one MF. So MF is an indicator uh how
much more you pay for the stock than
their Bitcoin holdings. So this is a
very low multiplier. You're paying
basically 11% over their Bitcoin
holdings. So if you would buy all the
Bitcoin that Micro Strategy owns, right,
the stock or the market cap is now only
11% over the raw value, the net asset
value of
uh of their Bitcoin. I think M means
multiplier or something. NAF net asset
value. So there you have it. That's very
good because that normally expands in
bullish times. So people are actually
not that bullish on strategy right now.
uh which is good if you want to go in
when they're not bullish. So it's a
double bet here. You're betting on Micro
Strategy and the multiplier over their
Bitcoin and you're betting on Bitcoin
itself, which is how much they have now.
Bitcoin reserve 56 billion in Bitcoin.
Of course, biggest hold of Bitcoin I
think 4% or something of all Bitcoin. So
interesting stuff. If you combine If you
compare that to Bitmine Immersion
Technologies,
look at this. Tom Lee, what are you
doing? Get yourself a website design
team. Like, this looks horrible. Like,
what is this? I hate it.
So, why is this so complicated, Tom?
Like, look at this. Why do I look much
better than Tom Lee? I mean, you know,
you guys know what I mean. I don't mean
my face. I mean our website, our website
is so much better than Bitmine. This is
ridiculous. Uh they should invest a
little bit more into not just the looks
but the substance of it. Right? Uh look
at the Pioneer Reserve for example. This
is how we make it look like and we have
a much smaller team. This is a much
smaller institutional thing. But I have
all these metrics now where you can
actually see our performance. You can go
to pionerve.com and check it out. You
see the Pioneer Reserve portfolio. You
see the reference bond performance. How
we are in this channel all the time,
constantly making money. By the way,
whoever just said my strategy doesn't
work. I mean, hello, look at the data.
Don't make these statements. You're
seeing our buffer going down here
because we are down 14% which threatens
at some point the performance of our
bond.
But let's see. I'm pretty positive that
we hit that point. Uh, I'm not going to
go into all of this right now, but this
is our website. Very metrics driven. You
see the portfolio, you see all the
performance data. Why can't Tom Lee do
this? I'm not here to bash Tom Lee. I'm
just saying look at Pioneer Reserve,
how we do this, how we present our
numbers here, very clear metrics. Go to
micro strategy or strategy.com, how they
present their numbers and metrics.
That's what you want to see with a good
securitization company, right? That you
should provide crystal clear insight
into what you're doing. Uh, and I don't
see any of that with B&amp;MR, which is why
I don't have it. Even though I really
believe in Ethereum actually more than
in Bitcoin, even though I like Bitcoin,
but I think Ethereum is just incredibly
bullish. What's happening there?
Where is your data? I don't see anything
with Bitmine. So not the biggest fan
the almir like what is this like why
don't you have real time stuff here you
publicly traded
right so okay enough bashing but that's
if they would fix that I would feel much
more comfortable with micro strategy I
have a very easy time because I want
this number here I want to see how cheap
this is otherwise I have to do it
manually which is extremely annoying so
here I see what deal I get and then I
compare this also to Bitcoin in uh the
price and then I know more.
So that was my little excursion into the
crypto world. Uh just here street cred
zero says I sold two weekly 131 puts on
palenteer.
Uh I'm not playing palente too much but
palenteer well you have to be cautious
street crit palenta went up a lot now
because people thought there's more
escalation coming. It's a little bit
correlated to the whole worst situation.
Exactly. Bit mine website looks vip
coded.
I totally agree. It's like v like Tom
Lee, what are you doing vip coding your
website? You have a public company. Come
on. Uh Arc Invest looks very good.
But that is the situation. So we have
some more Tesla questions when it comes
to Tesla.
Uh yeah, Tesla behaving still subdued,
but my gut feeling really is here we hit
the bottom. Not just gut feeling, if you
do technical analysis, the whole thing
plus the market overlay, plus the market
probably going higher from here on and
the macro situation calming down with
Iran.
Even though Tesla will definitely look
weaker than I would have liked to it to
look like in April with Cyber Cap having
some issues scaling. Uh I think you know
we are now in a situation where maybe my
prediction actually didn't come true.
Let's see. But I'm more and more sure my
prediction will not come true that we
hit 1,800
inflection point cyber caps by April or
May. I do not think we get to
unsupervised 1,800 by May.
So that means now we are in delay mode.
And I don't mind, by the way, if I'm
wrong with my predictions. I'm making
them on a probabilistic scale and based
on the information I have. I also don't
care about what other people think. I
care about my portfolio. I want to win.
I want to always win and I want to make
more money than someone who just has all
their money in Tesla. That is my
benchmark. And I want to beat that
person, that hypothetical person, in
good times and in bad times. If Tesla
goes up 500%, I need to go up 700%. If
Tesla goes down 50%, I need to go down
40% or less. That's called alpha.
Beating it to the downside and beating
it to the upside. That's the tricky part
because it's easy to beat it on either
side, right? you can just totally
leverage your way into Tesla and then if
it goes up you go up twice as much but
then you also go down more or you're one
of these people who always sell short
calls and in these sideways or down
markets you beat Tesla easily but then
when it goes up 100% or 200% you're
going up 20%. So the art is really you
need to outperform it to the upside and
downside.
Very important. Yeah. So Tesla the
situation for this week is I'm bullish.
I'm pretty bullish. Uh that doesn't mean
it goes up like crazy, but I think the
downside is just very limited at this
point. And that is what we're looking
at. Down 10% for the month. Pretty bad.
Down 21%. See, we are down 14 and this
thing is down 21%.
Uh that is the situation. What about
Nvidia by the way? Year to date
performance,
even though that's not totally accurate,
up 1%.
That's not bad. Well, it went up like
crazy.
Here you see what happens when the AI
bubble pops. The AI bubble bubble popped
and now people understand it's not a
bubble.
So that is the situation. Tesla goes 5x,
I go 20x. Uhoh. Endo took some risks it
seems.
Uh, this is all YouTube comments. By the
way, we are also on X. I don't know if X
works. Anyone on X here?
Uh, do I see myself on X? It's probably
not working the whole X. Oh, it is
working. Let's click on this.
We have some views here.
Check out my own X. So, we have people
on X.
How do I see more? 359 views, but I
don't know if they're real. Are they
live? No. I think X is a little weak. We
are YouTube heavy.
I'm not doing much on X here video-wise.
Let's see what happens.
Okay. Do we have any questions or is
that the update for now?
I'm working on some very cool stuff. The
agents are coming to Pioneer Lands
and that is going to be very very hot.
The agents are coming
and that will impact short production,
video production and it will also impact
economic models.
Leaps. Yeah, leaps can help you a lot.
But you go up 20x. Well, yeah. Yeah. Of
course, if Tesla goes up 5x, you
probably make a lot of money on leaps.
But if Tesla goes up 10x or 50% or
something, uh, I don't know how what
your leverage would be. Okay, guys, that
was it for today. Interesting day. Let's
stay tuned. Maybe do more of these live
sessions. They're fun. And I hope X also
joins us a little bit more. Uh otherwise
we just hang with our YouTube community.