Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla D-Day Ahead and the Bond Market Is Sending Warnings!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP-iRcgWGhw
Published:   2026-08-31 03:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-31 05:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is the United States staring down the
barrel of another financial crisis? And
why did wars just spook the entire
market on Friday? Meanwhile, Nvidia does
something that's never been done before.
And Tesla, they're setting up for their
big D-Day. We got a lot to talk about,
and this might be one of the most
important videos that we've ever done.
Let's discuss.
You're crazy.
Okay, so this isn't hyperbole at all.
I'm not here, this isn't clickbait. This
is honestly, I think, going to be one of
the more important videos that we've
done in a long time. And you just need
to be aware of what's happening in the
markets, what may happen, what may not
happen, what's what's real,
and that's what we're going to discuss
today. Um, before we do that, uh, just a
couple housekeeping items. Uh if you
guys are interested in the next options
crash course links down below uh we
actually just got done this uh this
morning we if you're part of the slack
channel so anyone who's taken the
courses uh you have access to join the
slack channel where we all talk and hang
out and we had a great Sunday session
where we get together on a zoom and we
just kind of have community we talk we
chat we hang out and we had a really
good turnout uh today we do this once a
month uh on on Zoom. Again, this is for
anyone who's part of the Slack channel.
And uh it was so amazing. Uh I was on
there. We had uh one individual, I'm not
going to call people out by their names,
but we had one individual who was
talking about how learning how to trade
options and uh going through the course
is allowing him to have the freedom to
go ahead and have essentially liberation
from working for the man. uh getting set
up so he could be financially
independent. We had another couple talk
about how they are in retirement and to
fund their retirement to live off of
they had been selling their Tesla
shares. Now they don't need to sell
their Tesla shares at all. I think
they've made something like 80 grand
just in the last month. So, they're not
only doing that, but now they're going
and re uh I guess rehabbing a house, a
lakehouse that they have, or maybe I'm
butchering this, just going off memory,
but they're they're funding that now
because they have all this extra income
that they're able to generate off their
portfolio without having to sell their
Tesla shares. Before, they had said
there's no way we're going to sell the
Tesla shares just to do this rehab. But
now, because we can make money off our
portfolio without selling our Tesla
shares, we're going to go ahead and do
this. So, just lots of beautiful
messages uh that we keep getting like
that, uh it's it's honestly the stuff
that really drives me to continue to to
teach and share with everybody. It's
it's a lot of fun uh hearing these
messages. It's it's very motivating. So,
thank you all for sharing it. I
appreciate everybody who sends me DMs
and allows me to repost. I can share
with other people. I just want to get
the message out to as many people as I
can, you know, as long as I I I continue
to do this on I I want I want people to
just understand there's another way that
you can make your portfolio generate you
1 to 4% per month. And those are
conservative numbers without having to
sell your Tesla share or your Nvidia,
whatever your long-term buy and hold is.
And I think as we get into this new era
with Tesla and Nvidia or Amazon or
Palanteer, whatever your company of
choice is, many of us it's Tesla, uh,
and I'm sure we have many, uh, other
companies as well, but to not have to
sell your shares in the midst of this
appreciation or once we do have big, you
know, if if you have stock that you,
let's just say you bought at $400 and we
end up at $1,000 a share by 2030 or
whatever, the date is and you want to
hey, you want to live a little now. You
want to go buy that house or buy that
car or just go take that trip, you
probably don't want to have to sell
those shares. So, you need to learn how
to be able to monetize your portfolio
without having to create a taxable event
on those stocks, without having to sell
your assets and still be able to
generate income. That's the whole idea
of this. This is why I share this
because I think it's a very powerful
thing to to know how to do thing to
learn for a lot of people who are in the
tech space. You know, I I I work at AWS
as you all know. We're used to layoffs
and not little layoffs like 20,000 riffs
just out the gate. 30,000 40,000 and 3
months later we do another 30,000, two
months later do another 20,000. And when
you have that type of environment, yes,
these companies pay pay you very well,
but if they're all doing layoffs, it's
really hard to find another job. And so
being able to take control of your own
destiny, being able to be to to have a
way to generate income to provide for
your family, to pay the mortgage, put
food on the table without having the
fear of, oh my god, what happens if I
lose my job? There's something extremely
liberating about that and it allows you
to take true ownership of your own life.
So, those are just a handful of the
reasons why people love this and why
there's so much people are having so
much success. It's incredible. Thank you
all for today. And again, if you guys
wanted want to join the next options
crash course, uh the link will be down
below. If you guys have taken the crash
course already, but you haven't joined
the Slack channel, you want to join our
once a month Sunday uh Zoom sessions,
the link is down below as well. And then
the last thing I'll say for
housekeeping, the I A Journal is growing
like crazy. People are loving it. Shout
out to Daniel, our master developer,
coowner of the IG Journal. Uh he has
just put such a amazing amazing
experience together. So many people are
finding trades to place because they're
in the I A journal. And I think this is
so incredible that we we had a zero day
course yesterday and we were just
talking about the IG journal uh briefly
and I was showing them how we have this
watch list section that essentially has
everything that I look at and all the
you know different parts uh to to really
find your trades. And it's all built
into the platform that it doesn't just
track your trades, doesn't just give you
all your market awareness, doesn't just
tell you what's going with the stocks,
but it also is a place where you can
actually see, hey, here's a a stock
worth trading. Anyways, uh so many
people in in the in the chat of during
the zero day uh course, they were
talking about, oh yeah, I've been using
it to find trades. Oh, I've been using
it to find trades. And it's just it's
really cool to see this new uh feature
that we just built into the IG journal a
couple weeks ago. Get such such great
feedback so quickly. So anyways, if if
you haven't used the IG journal, that's
down below. Again, anyone can use it.
You you can go and sign up for it. You
don't have to have taken you you don't
need to have taken the crash course or
the zero day course, anything like that.
You can still sign up for it down below.
But I encourage you to take the options
crash course. Uh obviously, I'm going to
encourage you to do that. I just for no
other reason to make sure that you have
true mastery of these topics, you
actually understand what you're doing. I
I believe in education. I believe in
investing in yourself. So, if it's
something that you want to do, if you're
in the right place, right time, go for
it. If you're wondering if you have the
right account size, if you have $50,000
or more in your portfolio, it doesn't
have to be in cash. You don't have to
sell your shares. Again, the whole point
is to not have to sell your shares, but
it doesn't have to be in cash. it you if
it's an IRA that's fine. Uh Ben, he's
essentially our IRA expert. He's on the
team. He joins us to teach in the
course. But if you have 50,000 or more
in your portfolio and you are someone
who wants to learn how to make more
money off of your portfolio in a
consistent, repeatable, systematic way,
then the Options Crash Course is for
you. Even if you've never touched
options, it's for you. We've had people
uh from Goldman Sachs join who who were
in the options markets at Goldman Sachs.
So, we have all types of people, all
experienced levels, and everybody really
gets some really good value out of it.
If not, we wouldn't get all the positive
feedback we've gotten. All right, enough
of that. Enough of me and all that
housekeeping. I just wanted to give a
shout out to everybody. You guys are
crushing it and you did awesome
yesterday in the zero day. Thank you to
my team, too. Ben, Deom, Daniel, thank
you all. None of this is possible
without you guys. And thank you and your
families and everybody else's families
because you're really what supports
everyone. We spent a lot of time working
on this. We spent a lot of time in the
classes and you know the attendees, all
your families have to support you and in
taking this time to be able to invest in
yourself to learn a new skill set so
that then you can take that and really
benefit the family. So it's it's it's a
full endeavor. It's everybody is
participating. Everyone's making
sacrifices for the bigger picture to
live a a better life and to be more
capital efficient. Anyways, I know this
might might sound cheesy, but it's it's
it's the truth. And those who've taken
the course, you get it. So, anyways,
let's talk about today because like I
said, this is going to be one of the
more important videos that we've done
and it's really going to build off what
we talked about last week in many
regards. And so let's start off by
talking about what has transpired over
the past week with regards to bonds.
Then we'll talk about Kevin Worsh and
then we'll tie that into the economy.
Obviously, we got to talk Tesla. We got
to talk Nvidia. We're going to try to
stitch all this together as as good as
as best as we can. So,
we're going to first talk about where we
left off last week. So last week we
talked about Bessant was going to come
in and he is saying that he wants to
double the amount of bond repurchases
that he's doing uh from the from the
30-year. Essentially what he's trying to
do is he's trying to calm down the
30-year bonds, 20-year bonds, 10-year
bonds. This is what we call the
long-term uh bonds or the long-term uh
long-term yield curve. So anything like
the 10ens, 20s, 30s, those are the
long-term bonds. Anything below that, we
call those like notes or T bills, right?
Those are short-term, shorter duration
bonds. They're all bonds. It's just a
duration and we call them notes, T bills
or bonds, but really they're all just
all bonds. But why is this so important?
That that's the main thing. Well, Besson
wants to, and Besson, if you don't know,
he's our treasure treasure secretary. He
used to work uh under uh Stanley Drunken
Miller and and George Soros and he is
considered one of the best
uh macroeconomic investors of all time.
Uh that's Stanley Drunken Miller.
Bessent was essentially mentored under
him and and Soros as well. And we'll
talk about Kevin Wars in a second. He
also worked under uh Stanley Drunken
Miller. You're going to see that a lot
of this is not incestuous, that's the
wrong word, but the all these pieces
kind of tie together. And it's important
for you to understand this. And I know
many are like, ah, I don't mess with
bonds and all that. It's irrelevant.
This is bigger than bonds. This is
bigger than your stock portfolio. This
is we're talking about a 08 type
catastrophe. We're talking about a
aftermath of 911. We're talking about a
extreme potential risk to the markets
that you need to know about and you need
to know how you could potentially hedge
against it and how to how to look and
see the signs if something's going to
happen and how to take action. None of
this is about fear porn. I'm going to
get demonetized just for saying that
word. Uh but don't worry about that.
Again, this is I'm just trying to draw
your attention to it. We don't know
what's going to happen, but we can sit
here and if we know if we know what has
happened and what's currently happening,
we can keep an eye out for what's going
to happen. None of this is going to
happen like that overnight. It's not
going to be like, you know, like the yen
carry trade that just happens or the
flash crash of 2010.
We'll be able to see a lot of this
coming and we'll be able to prepare
ahead of time. At least that's the hope.
And so that's why we're going to talk
about this. Okay. So why is Bessant
trying to double the repurchasing
purchase of 30-year bonds? So what
happens with bonds is that whenever
you're the government is trying to issue
or trying to sell their bonds, if
there's not enough buyers out there,
then the yields are going to have to go
up. Why would the yields go up? Well, we
need to fund our debt. And to fund our
debt, we sell bonds. And by selling
those bonds, it brings in revenue for
us. Well, if no one's buying those
bonds, well, that's a problem because we
have to fund our debt. And the way we
work as a country is we frontload our
debt. So, if there's not enough buyers
out there, how do you attract the
buyers? Well, very easy. You raise the
yields. And as the yields go up, buyers
will eventually come in because the
yields will be attractive enough. Now,
we talked about last last week, we
talked about how there's a huge pool of
people, companies that really don't have
a choice but to buy US treasuries. They
have to. We're talking about like uh
insurance companies. We're talking about
uh pension funds. Uh and this is like a
anywhere from like 200 to I think a 280
trillion market. It's much bigger than
any that most people realize on a
day-to-day basis. And why do they buy US
treasuries? Well, they buy US treasuries
because they're the safest, they're the
most secure, and they're the most
liquid. That's very important. And so,
why do they have to buy them? Well, they
have to buy them because as an insurance
company, you have to be able to uh cover
just like with uh with with options,
right? If you sell a covered call, you
have to have the shares if it's a
covered call to sell to someone else if
you go in the money. Same thing with
insurance companies. If you get into a
car accident, the insurance company has
to be able to to cover you. They have
to. They don't have a choice. And so
what what these companies will do is
instead of instead of sitting there with
a bunch of cash on hand, they're going
to put the money into these treasuries
so that they can at least benefit or at
least maintain with inflation. And if
they can grow and make a little profit,
that's great. But their goal is not to
make money on their money. Their goal is
just to park it somewhere where it holds
value. You also have countries like
China or Vietnam who are who are buying
US treasuries not just to buy them but
because they want to keep their currency
weak and low. Why is that? Well, China,
Vietnam, you know, these countries in
the Far East, they are companies that
want to export and have the rest of us
import. In order to do that, they need
to make sure they have a weak currency.
So it's attractive for countries like
the United States and UK, Belgium, etc.
to import. And if they take their US
dollars that they get and they convert
it into their currency, that will simply
strengthen their currency. So what do
they do instead? They buy US treasuries.
So there's all kinds of reasons why
companies and countries and firms all
would buy US treasuries. There's all a
million reasons, but the point is
they're going to do it. So the buyers
are out there and they will eventually
step up if the yields are high enough.
So So then let's talk about what
Besson's trying to do. What Besson's
trying to do is he's trying to keep
these long-term yields controlled and
tamed. Right now we're sitting there at
about a 5.19
on the on the 30-year. It was 5.2 when
we spoke last week. And the 10year I
think is hovering somewhere around like
4.6 maybe. Maybe it's 47. And the reason
Besset wants to tame it is because we
have a lot of debt we need to refinance
as a country. So right now, as a
country, we have $40 trillion in debt.
That's a lot. 40 trillion. Now, a lot of
that has been parked in short-term
bonds. Why is that? Well, especially
during Janet Yellen's time, she did not
want to and Janet Yellen was a was a
treasur secretary uh before Bessence.
So, uh what Janet Yell didn't want to
do, she didn't want to she didn't want
to finance the debt at a higher rate,
which the 30-year 20-y year were at
higher rates. So thought is, okay, if we
postpone
financing out to those later dates and
we wait for the rates to come down, then
eventually we can refinance to those
later dates later and be able to pay
less on our interest uh payments as a
country. Like that's the idea. Same
reason why people do a a adjustable rate
mortgage on on on their house, right?
They might say, "Hey, interest rates
right now are at 6%." But I think in 5
years from now, they'll lower down to
five to 5%. So, I will take a 6% now and
I'll wait 5 years and I'll refinance
assuming and hoping that the rates will
be lower in 5 years from now. So, that's
essentially what Besson's doing as well.
So what Janet Yellen was doing and
Bessant is trying to keep that 30-year
tain because we have $10 trillion that
are that's coming up for refinancing.
That's a big big chunk. 10 trillion
that's 25% of all of our our debt. And
that 10% has to get refinanced in the
next year. The 10% that 10 trillion
needs to get refinanced in the next
year. So this is what Bessant is
fighting with. He can't go out to the he
can't go out to the 30-year, 20 year or
10 year at the current rates. It just
makes no sense. And at the same time,
the short-term yields are rising. So,
this just creates a problem. And so,
what Bessant wants to do is he wants to
go and he wants to try to tame the
30-year or the long-term bonds by buying
more of them. And by buying them, what's
he do? He adds liquidity. He's out
there. He's a buyer stepping up which
keeps those rates tame because we don't
have a buyer problem. If we had a buyer
problem, like we said before, the rates
go up until we find buyers to come in.
So by Bessant doing this, he's signaling
to the rest of the market saying, "You
better come in and get these bonds now
and and buy them now while the rates are
this high because I'm going to come in
and I'm going to start buying them
myself and that's going to keep yields
tained if not drop them. So if you want
these high rates, you better come in
now. That's the play." And meanwhile,
what's Bessie going to do? Well, he's
going to buy them. Okay, well now he
bought them, but now he's got this debt.
What's he do with it? Well, then he
turns around and he goes and issues
short-term uh short-term debt or
short-term bonds. And by issuing those
short-term bonds, guess what? Those are
at lower rates right now compared to the
5-year. And so, it's kind of compounding
the problem that we have like right now
with the 10 year the 10 trillion that
we're going to have to refinance. You're
just compounding the problem because
you're growing that short-term uh that
short short-term uh amount of of bonds
that you're going to have to refinance.
and it's just going to keep getting
worse and worse. So, we're just kicking
the can down the road as they say. But
that's why Besson is trying to or is
signaling that he's going to start
buying back more bonds from the 30-year,
20 year, 10 year. The idea is to try to
keep those long-term rates calm. That's
the idea. Okay. So, hopefully that
catches you guys all up. Okay. So, so
then during the week we get a letter
that's written by Stanley Drunken Miller
and there's this whole controversy which
is absolutely stupid. The the
controversy is that it was flagged for
having been written by AI and Drunken
Miller came out and said, "Yeah,
obviously I used AI to write that. Are
you kidding me?" And for some reason a
whole bunch of people and I I will say
it's these I I don't know I think
they're lites is is how I would
characterize them are upset that he
chose to use AI to write this and that
it was published by I forget Time
magazine or whoever it was a big
magazine well-known or article what
whatever newspaper whatever it is people
are upset that he's doing that and that
they published it as if it was his own
writing. I don't know about you guys. I
don't know anyone who's not using AI to
do to to write it. It's I mean, maybe
you're not. I don't know. Maybe maybe
I'm just in uh my own echo chamber, but
you should be using AI to do to to
write, right? It's to me it's insane not
to. It's like if today you decided not
to use a word processor to write to
write something and instead everything
you did was through you know handwriting
or if you refuse to use a calculator if
you refuse to use Excel like that would
be insane to me you know it's like oh no
we're not going to use a bank to hold
our money like we're just like what are
we doing here the technology is there to
be used and riding with AI helps
strengthen what you're doing it helps
you battle test your own own thoughts. I
don't know about you guys, but I I will
frequently um write something with AI
and then I'll ask it like, "Hey, where
am I wrong?" or challenge me on my
thinking. And a lot of times I get in
arguments with with Grock. Uh I get in
arguments with Grock like, "No, no, no,
you're wrong because of this or because
of that, whatever." And it just I I have
a lot of conversations with AI. Uh and I
I'm assuming some of you guys do too. So
maybe I'm I'm not just the crazy one
here. But uh but anyways, so I I think
it's very normal to do that. And so what
Stanley drunken Miller likely did was
saying like like, "Hey, I've got these
thoughts. Uh I'm going to say them out
loud and then I want you to put them
into a a uh narrative for me or into a
article that I have to write." And you
know, then it goes it takes his thoughts
and then it writes it and he probably
says, "Read it back to me." And he say,
"Okay, no, no, you change this word or
no, this that's not what I meant. I
meant this." and it helps him refine it.
It's no different than a ghost writer.
It's no different than all these speech
writers that the president uh always
have. So, I don't know. It's a weird
thing that people are getting bent out
of shape on. Anyways, let's go back to
uh the meat of of what he wrote, what
actually matters. what he was writing
was a a article or a a piece that
essentially criticized Scott Bessant for
doing these repurchases. And what he was
saying is that you cannot control the
yields. You cannot control the bond
markets by having government
intervention. In fact, the opposite.
Every time we've seen this attempted, it
has failed. Now, why is this such a big
deal that he is saying this out of all
people, Stanley Drunken Miller? Well,
one, he is arguably one of the top
investors in the entire world. We we we
talked about this uh last week. We
talked about it um we talked about it
this morning uh during our our Slack uh
Zoom Zoom call. And you have to
understand who this guy is. He's not
just a nobody. He's up there on the
Mount Rushmore with Warren Buffett and
Charlie Bunger, right? Stan Drunken
Miller is is not a fool. So, you have to
really heed what he's saying. And he's
right. That that's the bigger thing is
that he's right. He's talked about this
for years, for years and years and
years. Uh you can go back, literally go
back and he's talked about social
security. He's talked about all this for
so long.
Anyways, so what he's saying is that
every time government has intervened,
it's created bigger issues and that no
matter what Scott Bessant wants to do,
he's not going to be able to control the
problem. What's the problem? Well, the
problem is essentially showing its head
through the bond market. The bond market
is saying, "Hey, US government, we are
not going to continue to underwrite all
of your debt at these low rates, at
these low yields. We are going to
require more because we don't trust you.
You're becoming untrustworthy and we
don't think that you have your house in
order." And so, if that continues to
happen, eventually the US could default,
right? That could happen. So, and don't
think it can't happen. I know people
say, "Oh, it can't happen. Whatever.
It'll never happen. We'll print money
and all this stuff until we don't or
until we can't or until it just makes no
sense and the bond market just won't
participate, right?" Like, like don't
under when people say something can't
happen, that should be a red flag. Like,
yes, it can. It absolutely can. So, so
when the bond market is sitting there
giving us these signals, what Stanley
drunken Miller is saying is that there's
nothing Scott Besson can actually do.
Yes, he's got he's doing what he has to
do and he has to try, but really the
onus goes back to the president. The
onus goes back to Congress. And
truthfully, it's Congress. It's not like
the president has is a CEO of a company
and can go line item by line item at him
and crossing out things that he doesn't
want in the budget in order to get the
deficit to zero. And so you guys in case
you don't know, debt and deficit are
similar but different. Our debt is how
much we owe as a country completely,
right? Entirely. The deficit is how much
each year we're adding to that debt. So
the deficit is saying, hey, we are
bringing in 5 trillion in taxes every
year, but we're spending 7 trillion.
That two trillion is our deficit. So our
deficit is $2 trillion a year at the
moment. So that deficit is what needs to
be solved. We need to get that gone. We
we need to get under control or at least
meaningful progress to slowing it down.
And that is what Bessant was saying that
the bond market is essentially telling
Congress, you got to get this sorted
out. You got to get your house in order.
The president will always get blamed for
it because at the end of the day, the
president is the president. So the buck
stops with the president. The president
can veto budgets. That is something the
president can do. But at the end of the
day, the president can't sit there and
force discipline or line item by line
item uh budget management. They tried
that. They brought in Doge. They brought
on Elon to help. And what happened?
Well, Elon gets there and he starts
going line item by line item, right?
Trying to help and try to call things
out and really just give suggestions.
And what happens? Well, Tesla uh Tesla
dealerships or studios, galleries, what
what do we call them these days? Uh
started getting firebombed. We see the
death threats. We see rand people who
just have Teslas are getting swastikas
scraped onto them. We've got people, you
know, like just harassing, giving middle
fingers, setting up the cyber trucks.
Just insane stuff. Like this is this is
showing you just what what happens when
you just start to scratch the surface of
trying to solve the problem. And there's
no political will to do it. That's the
other problem. We've got Congress that
is out there and they it's not their
money and they want to get reelected and
they made promises or they have certain
things that they care about that they
want to make sure gets passed and so you
know if you don't if we don't have this
as part of the budget then I'm not going
to vote for this and whatever and then
no budget gets passed and then the
government shuts down. Maybe that's
what's going to have to happen is that
we're going to have to have a big crisis
in order for Congress to truly act. And
that is essentially what the bond market
is telling us. That's essentially what
Stanley Drunk and Miller are saying.
You're going to have to just let it
happen. And that is why we have a
potential crisis on our hands. Is
because if we don't get to this, if we
don't solve this problem on our own
terms, the market will force us to solve
it. And that is where the problem comes
in. Now, let's put a pin in that for a
second. Let's talk about Friday. What
happened Friday? Friday, Kevin Worsh
again also came up under Stanley Drunken
Miller, just like uh uh Bessant did.
Worsh had his first keynote speech at
Jackson Hole since becoming the Fed
chairman. Now, most people were
expecting this to be a non-event. Most
people were expecting this to be more of
Kevin Morris not saying much like he was
saying and it was going to be kind of a
nothing burger. That was what the market
was hoping for. Well, that's not exactly
what happened. Kev, the the entire
speech, this this isn't like my opinion.
I'm not even here. I don't even care
what my opinion is. I'm just telling you
what the market told us. At the end of
the day, the market is what counts. The
market said that was an extremely
hawkish hawkish uh speech and that it
sounds like we're getting rate hikes in
September all of a sudden.
We literally went from a 37% chance of
getting rate hikes uh in September
shooting up to 57%.
So this is a live meeting. This went
from being a dead meeting, meaning it
just wasn't going to happen, no rate
hikes, to becoming a live meeting all
through his one speech. And you better
believe that was 100% intentional. Now,
what was interesting is that as he was
giving the speech and as the speech
ended, the 10-year bonds went up, the
20-year bonds went up, the 30-year bonds
went down. I found that very
interesting. So this was clear clearly
all orchestrated.
They know they they write these speeches
intentionally, right? Or maybe AI does.
Oh no, they better be using AI. They'd
be insane if they're not. But so they
have they have these speeches, right,
that they write. And they are trying to
invoke a response in the market. Whether
they say they do or they don't, they
know what they're doing. They're not
fools. And one of the one of the best
ways that Wars or Bess or any anyone in
those type of positions can influence
the markets, it's with their words with
their the bully pulpit puppet popet
puppet. Bully pop it some. There's some
word like that. You get what I'm saying?
Essentially, their position and power is
what they can use in order to influence
the market. Uh some call it jaw bon. And
that's what Worst did. He jawboned the
market in my opinion and he told the
market, "Hey, we're going to talk tough.
We're serious about inflation." He he
made it sound very hawkish in order to
get the bond markets to not go crazy. In
order for the bond market to say, "Okay,
you're hearing us and you're taking us
seriously." If not, there's a good
chance that the bond market would have
gone a little haywire. So, by doing
that, this is now a live meeting in
September. Okay. And it's all really
going to come down to CPI that we have
going to that we're going to have coming
up here in September. And that CPI will
decide if we're going to have a a rate
hike or not. But here's my point of
view. Okay. Now, my take is that right
now our inflation that we have in this
and I'm going to tie it all back
together and we're going to get into
Tesla, so don't worry about it. But this
is important for you guys to know. Like
I know this stuff might be a little
boring, but it's it's this is important
stuff. So, so okay. So, right now when
we when we look at this this whole
thing, our inflation, which is what
people are worried about, which is why
the bond market is is saying, "Hey, we
need to go ahead and raise rates." The
reason they're saying that is because
the inflation is at like 34 now, 3.4.
However, if you were to just strip out
oil and the rise in energy, you would
see that we're actually about one full
point below where we currently are
sitting. That's important to understand
because for the Fed, they're not stupid.
They know that if they raise rates a
quarter of a percent, how is that going
to fix oil? How is that going to fix the
the the need for more supply of oil?
How's that going to fix opening the
street of hormuz? How's that going to
fix the fear that's out there, which is
really what's raising the price of oil?
How's that going to fix the fear of it
and settle things down? It's not. All
that's going to do is make house houses
uh hous mortgages more expensive, car
notes more expensive, business borrowing
more expensive, and our interest uh
payments more expensive. That's all it's
going to do. It's not going to do
anything to chill out inflation because
the only way that raising the the rates
helps inflation is if it's coming from
the consumer. If if if we're seeing
money tr hand over so quickly or if we
see too many buyers for too few goods
and we want to slow the economy down,
slowing the economy down is not going to
help with the oil prices at all. So they
know this. They're not stupid. So, I
think that this is all job owning in
order to calm the bond markets down, in
order to buy time. And what are we
buying time for? Well, what else did we
see last week? We saw that uh Trump and
the United States have a deal or to I
guess take over or control or something
about like some some crazy amount of the
Venezuelan oil. We also saw that now the
straightfor has up to twothirds of oil
from pre-war
uh rates now twothirds is flowing
through it again. Is that verifiable? I
don't know. I'm just telling you what
they're saying. And we see all these
other projects. We see all these
different agreements happening. We see
pipelines being built. So the oil
problem really is more of a matter of
time before that's solved. And I think
that's what they're I think they're
trying to buy time. Now, let's go back
to Drunken Miller, Besset, and Worsh,
and try to tie the three of them back
together, and then we'll talk about the
crisis that could be had that that could
happen. So, the three of them, I think,
somewhat orchestrated all of this.
Besson is trying to control the 30-year.
Worse is trying to tell the bond market,
hey, we are taking this seriously and
we're not messing around. We're going to
get inflation under control. And what
how where does Stanley drunken Miller
tie into this? Well, Stanley drunken
Miller is essentially in his piece, it
sounds like he's bashing Bessant, but
there's another way to read it. And I
think the more accurate way to read it
is not that he's bashing Besson. Besson
is doing what he's got to do. He can't
just sit there and do nothing. He's got
to do something. And so, he's doing what
he can and that's it. But what I think
Stanley drunken Miller was actually
doing is providing
the the the correct spotlight on where
the problem is. The problem is not on
the president. The problem is not on
Bessant. The problem's not on worse. The
problem the spotlight needs to be on
Congress. That is how you solve this
problem. You have to get your house in
order. You have to get the budget
deficit under control, ideally to zero.
you have to make cuts. He's been talking
about this for so long about social
security, about entitlements, and it's
just the truth. We're gonna have to cut
back entitlements. The problem is
in two years from now when we get
through this current administration,
if we don't have this under control,
you're going to see more and more of the
rise we see right now with the DSA or or
not even just the DSA because you're
also seeing like Tucker Carlson. you're
starting to see like other other parts
of these different factions start to
build up, but you're going to have this
narrative from people who are who are
just illiterate when it comes to
economics.
And their argument is that the problem
is the wealthy class, that the problem
are the businesses, and that we need to
tax them more and government needs to do
more to help everyone else out. And
that's the answer to everything, right?
If we have h if we have high u health
health issue uh health costs, what's the
answer? Oh, the government, right?
But we saw how that worked out. The
government hasn't fixed anything, right?
Government makes problems. Just look at
the railroad uh or the railroad the one
mile long of the the railroad that
they're building out in California,
right? Like billions of dollars spent on
that and they've only gotten like one
mile completed. Like that's a joke. Um,
meanwhile in Florida where I live, you
know, we've got the Bright Line going
literally from Miami to Orlando to Cocoa
Beach, Cape Canaveral, uh, coming over
to Tampa, like, and we did that in less
time, way under budget compared to what
they did over in California. So
government's not great at fixing
problems, but that is going to be the
narrative that government needs to do
more, that government needs to help
people out, that government needs to
take from the greedy capitalists. But
the truth is that they don't understand
where the money comes from and what
happens. The problem, ironically, is
government. Government spending.
Government is the problem. Government is
why things are unaffordable. Inflation,
Milton Friedman said this the best.
Inflation is created only by one entity
and that's the government. Only the
government can create inflation. That's
it. The government is the problem. The
government is the one spending all the
excess money. And guess what? When the
government is spending all this excess
money and all of a sudden we have to
take we have to get into control and
they create inflation. Guess what
happens? We we have to raise rates. And
we have to raise rates. Guess what
happens? Everything gets more
unaffordable. We we we have higher
mortgage costs. We have higher business
costs. We have higher auto loans. And
then guess who who gets blamed? Well,
the boogeyman. But no one ever looks at
Congress. And Congress is the flatout
problem. So instead of fixing the
problem, all these people who are
financially illiterate, and I don't mean
that like in a derogatory way, it's just
not something that they are educated on.
And that's honestly our fault. This is
why for the past couple months, I've
been telling you guys, you guys need to
educate all your friends and families
and their kids and everyone. We need to
spread the word. Whether it's on what's
happening right now with our government
deficit and our debts and how the bonds
work, or if it's learning how to use
options to be capital efficient in your
portfolio and to be part of the the
investment the asset class, the
investment uh class. So this is
critical, but they're going they're what
they're going to do is they're going to
put the power they're going to give more
power to the problem makers. So they're
creating the pro the problem is is
Congress and what all these other people
want to do is give them even more power
and more control. It's not going to
work. It's a problem. So this in my
opinion has to get dealt with in the
next two years before we get into more
of a AOC mandami type white house. Now,
I don't I don't I I actually like that
these people exist and that the DSA is
happening, all that, I actually like it
because to me, when there's a I like
these ideas that I personally think are
bad ideas to surface to the top, I want
them to be at the top so that then we
can actually engage in healthy debate
and let good arguments
uh find truth. I guess let the best
argument win and that will really shine
the light on these bad ideas. Just like
everyone talks about having IDs is a bad
thing, right? And here we are with the
grocery stores with Mandami and the city
ran and all that and people are asking
him, "Oh, well, how are you going to
stop people from from out out of out of
city coming here getting this cheaper
food and going on Amazon and selling
it?" Oh, well, we're going to have IDs
to make sure that the people at the
grocery store are in this community. Oh,
funny. Now, IDs are a good idea, right?
And so, that in itself shines a light on
the fact that not using IDs to verify
who people are and or where they're
supposed to be is a bad idea. And so, if
it makes sense for a grocery store, if
it makes sense to go buy a pack of
cigarettes, if it makes sense to go buy
a beer, it should make sense for voting,
too, right? If it makes sense to get on
the airline, it should make sense for
voting, too, right? You know, some of
these things, it's like um you know,
safety at schools, right? Whatever your
thoughts are on the gun debate, I I
really don't care. The bottom line is we
need to have our schools be the safest
places, right? And to me, I do think
that having security guards there is the
smart thing and sensible thing to do.
Why do we have security guards at
airports? Why do we have security guards
at banks? Why do we have security guards
patrolling these these plazas and these
nice neighborhoods constantly? Well,
because we want to keep Riffraft out and
we want to keep them safe. Like, it's
that simple. Why can't we do that to our
schools where we have our most
vulnerable in our society? It's common
sense. But then you'll hear people sit
there and say like, "Oh, well, we
shouldn't have to do that." Yeah, I
agree. We shouldn't have to. We
shouldn't have to. I agree. I shouldn't
have to go through security to get onto
a plane. I shouldn't have to. But I do.
We live in the real world. And and
people talk about like, "Oh, kids
shouldn't have to see that when they're
going to school, whatever." Okay, so are
your kids never get on a flight? Are
your kids never going to a bank? Are
your kids never going to an amusement
park? Like, they're then they never
going to a concert like there's security
for all this. So this is what I'm
saying. Like we want to see these ideas
come to the surface so they don't sit
there in the undertoe under
undercurrents, that's the word, in the
undercurrents of society. sitting there
and slowly gra uh you know growing there
without being uh contested. I want these
ideas to come to the surface so they can
be contested. All right. So let's talk
about how this turns into a bigger
crisis. So the reason that this will
turn into a bigger crisis if we aren't
dealing with this upfront is because
what will happen is there will come a
moment where all of a sudden rates start
to go higher and higher and we will have
to refinance our debt. And in order to
continue to fund our debt, in order to
continue to pay our bills, we will start
to see a a collapse. We won't be able to
fund social security. we won't be able
to uh fund really any of the
entitlements that we have. Those will
essentially go unpaid. We will start to
see this trickle down into states and
then we'll because a lot of the states
are actually on the verge of bankruptcy
as well. Um, and when that happens,
that's going to have a ripple effect
because now when those yields get so
much higher, this is going to create an
inflationary effect because then you've
got small businesses won't be able to
borrow in order to fund their business.
That's going to be a problem. So,
they'll shutter and that will lead to
more job losses. When we have job
losses, then guess what? People don't
have money. And so, they if they don't
have money, then they're not going to be
able to spend. And an economy, a market
is a living, breathing organism. If it's
not growing, it's dying. There's no such
thing as static. There's no status quo.
You're either growing or you're dying.
That's it. Cities are the same way. A
city's either growing or it's or it's
dying. That's it. That there's no other
way to describe it. You're either
growing or dying. And the market is the
same way. And so if people are getting
laid off because businesses need to cut
back because all of a sudden debt is so
expensive and they can't fund new growth
and they it makes no sense to fund new
growth because people have less jobs and
because people have less jobs they have
less money. So less money's turning over
in the economy and the government is
essentially going bankrupt because they
can't pay their bills or and sure there
might be government intervention and
they try to print even more money which
creates even more of an inflationary
issue. So then yields have to stay
higher and it becomes this disgusting
effect. And this has happened before.
This has happened before. And we were
able to actually fix this a couple times
through measures of austerity by cutting
back by getting lean, right? This
happened in the 50s. This happened uh
with Clinton and Nuke. Gingrich. They
they were for and with Clinton new
Gingrich. They were able to take control
as they saw the problem was happening.
And that's what we need to do. So, so
what's the worst case scenario for for
our markets? Well, the truth is it could
get really bad. Our our debt
requirement, our the yield could get
extremely high and we can literally go
bankrupt in many of these entitlements
and one way or another, we will be
forced to deal with our debt issues. One
way or another, the deficit will get
taken care of. It's either through
through being forced to or by us taking
action on our own timeline in our own
way. So what can you do then? And why is
this so important right now? It's
important right now because if the 10ear
gets to 5% if the 30-year gets to 6%.
Here it comes. And where are we right
now? 10 year is not at 5% yet. It's at
about 47.
30-year. It's not at 6% yet, but it's at
about 52. So, it's coming. And if we
don't take action soon, it will become a
very big problem. And it'll affect
everybody. It'll be very hard to be safe
out there. This will affect the stock
market. The stock market will crash. It
will affect uh gold won't be a place you
can uh be safe in. Why? Well, because
people are going to sell their gold in
order to fund their lives or in order to
pay any debt they have or in order to
get out of a margin loans or houses are
upside down or whatever. This is what
happened in '08, right? In '08 during
the financial crisis, everyone thinks
that gold's always the safety. Well, it
depends on what the crisis is for
inflation. Yeah, gold makes a lot of
sense. In a financial crisis, it
doesn't. during uh the uh the GFC the um
financial uh great financial crisis uh
we saw gold drop I think about 30%. Gold
wasn't the safe haven there. Bitcoin
won't be either. So then what do you do
to protect yourself and what are the
signals you should be looking out for in
order to start positioning yourself
potentially
if something's going to happen? Well,
first of all, before I say this, none of
this financial advice. I'm just some
random guy on YouTube with a backwards
hat on who's just telling you what I see
and I'm being as straight up as I can
with you guys all that that's all I'm
doing. I I I tell you I don't try to
predict anything. I just tell you what
the market's doing and whatever the
market's doing, that's how what I do. I
react to the market. That's it. I don't
know what's going to happen. None of us
know what's going to happen. I don't
know if Bessant, Drunken Miller, Trump,
and Wars are pay playing this massful 3D
chess game that none of us understand,
but it's all going to work out
magically, or if they're playing this
game, and it's going to fall horribly,
and it's going to be even worse than
would have been. I have no idea. All I
can tell you is what the market's
currently doing, what it's currently
saying, and what we can do. That's it.
So, with that said, what are some things
you can do? Well, let's start off with
the signals first. For me, some of the
first signals to look at there's there's
really three that you want to look at.
One, watch the 10-year and watch the
20-year or excuse me, the 30-year or you
can look 20 year, too. But the 30-year,
watch it if it starts to creep up
towards 6%. And the 10ear, watch if it
gets closer and closer to 5%. With the
10 year, we might actually be okay up
until like 5.2%.
But let's just call it 5% just for for
good measure, just to be conservative.
Okay? So if you start seeing it going up
there uh to those levels that's that's a
big signal for you. Okay. Another one is
if you guys are using the BX trender put
it on a instead of like a one day or one
minute go to the one month. If you see
the S&amp;P the S&amp;P 500 on the on the
monthly BX trender go red with one one
uh one bar huge huge red flag. Huge
issue. Okay. It's not always a huge
issue, but we're tying things together.
Just like I talk about in the options
crash course, there is no one silver
bullet. What we're doing with the
options crash course is we're stacking
all these advantages in our favor. And
that's why myself, my clients, everyone
is able to have a 90 plus success rate
with their trades. That's why is because
we are looking at all these different
things and putting them together in
order to have a very high rate of
return. It's not rocket science. It's
not magic. It's just understanding how
these things work, how this instrument
works.
Options we have our way. Bonds, markets,
we're going to talk about that's what
we're talking about now. So again, watch
the 10-year, watch the the 30-year,
watch the BX trender on the monthly time
scale. Uh, and again, don't, and if
you're on the BX, this might be overly
specific, but not on the bottom left,
just on your computer, type 1 M. That
will give you the one month. Hit enter.
That's it. That's what you want to look
at. If that goes red, go back. Go back
and look in the timeline. You would have
you would have avoided the the financial
crisis. You would have avoided COVID.
You would have would have avoided the uh
2022 rate rate hike cycles. You would
have avoided the dot bubble. You would
have avoided uh everything like
literally everything. you would have
avoided it. Doesn't mean you would have
come out like perfectly clean, but you
mostly would have. You would have
avoided the vast majority of all of
those. So, and again, that's just a
signal, but you couple that with the
10-year and the 30-year. And then what's
the third signal? Well, the third signal
is going to be watching what Besson's
doing and what Worst is doing. If you
start to see Bessant trying to tap into
his trillion dollar sludge fund in order
to buy the third year, if you see Kevin
Wars saying one of two things, either
one that uh he refuses to print more
money in order to stimulate the economy
and try to keep it in an okay place or
if you see him saying that he's going to
start, either one tells you there's a
red flag happening that they're seeing.
Okay? So that one is not some little
thing you can watch. You have to listen
and you have to be aware of what they're
doing. This is where market awareness
becomes very important. So those are the
things you want to watch out for. Okay?
And again, nothing's perfect, but it it
these are the the signs that will be out
there. So what can you do then? Well,
there's not a lot you can do if I'm
being honest with you. There's only a
handful of things you can do. Like I
said, gold's not going to save you.
Bitcoin's not going to save you. Um, so
what can you do? Okay. Well, one, let's
say that the thing happens, whatever it
is, it happens and yields spike. Well,
you can buy treasuries at that point.
But that's not going to help you
beforehand. That's going to be an after
the-act thing you can do. So, that's no
good for us. Um, so what can you do
beforehand? Well, one thing you could do
is make sure that your portfolio is
properly covered with covered calls. I
know this is something that many Tesla
investors won't want to do, but if you
see the 30-year spiking, if you see the
10ear spiking, if you see that BX tender
going down,
there's zero chance you'll see Nick not
having everything covered in his
portfolio. I'll sell cover calls on
everything. Now, this won't completely
hedge you, but it'll at least allow you
to bring in money while the market's
going down. What else could you do?
Well, you could buy puts. The problem
with that though is that buying puts can
be very expensive and you better be
right on timing and it's going to
they're going to decay quickly. So that
one, you know, that's kind of um a uh
Michael Bur style way of hedging. Again,
you just have to be so precise and so
right to to do that across your port
whole portfolio that I I don't know if
that's the best answer. So then what
else could you do? And this is probably
my favorite answer, and I think you guys
will like this as well. Number one, have
a good amount of cash. And I know
everybody always wants to be fully
deployed, especially if you're a Tesla
investor. But look, if you're if you've
taken the options crash course, um, and
you're trading now, what I would say is
as you make your profits, keep that in
cash. That's what I would do. That's
easy what I'm doing. Keep it in cash.
That way you have a good cash stockpile
for if something crazy happens
now.
Now, okay, so let's say you you've got
some cash, right? And I'm not telling
you to liquidate anything. That's not
what I'm saying. I'm just saying build
your cash pile. We've got time right
now, okay? You have time on your side to
build some cash to be on the safe side.
And guess what? If nothing happens, if
they're somehow able to calm down the
bond market and lower the deficit and
everything is hunky dory and everything
looks good, great. You've got cash. You
don't need to leave the cash sitting in
cash. You can put in the money market.
You can, if you're in Tasty Trade, you
can buy ESG or BIL bill. Uh, and these
act as like inflation hedges so that
your money doesn't lose value just
sitting in cash, but they're sitting
there and they're highly liquid and you
you have you have a weapon of what you
can do. There's nothing better than cash
in a financial crisis. Now, the other
thing you can do, especially because
this would be a debt crisis that we're
going into, is make sure, and this is
where Tesla investors will love this,
that you're invested in companies that
don't have debt. This is very good for
Tesla, kind of good for SpaceX, great
for companies like Nvidia, great for
many companies out there. I can't think
of all them off top of my head, but
making sure that you're invested in
companies that won't be burdened by debt
or needing debt in order to sustain
their business will be critical. So,
this is really all you can do. That's
all I I know of or that I've really
thought of. And this is something I've
been thinking about for a while. Um, the
other thing to keep in mind though is
like just because you're investing in a
company like Tesla, Nvidia doesn't mean
that if we get into a debt crisis that
the stocks aren't going to come down.
The point of investing into companies
that don't have a lot of debt on the
books is that they're going to continue
to run as a company. And if their growth
slows, it's fine because they're not
relying on that on that growth or the
demand or people buying their products
in order to pay their debts. debt can
become your silent killer. The other
thing that you can do in the meantime is
pay off debt. Pay off bad credit card
debt. Pay off that card note. You know,
get lean. Get lean as a family. I think
in general, this is something everyone
should should be doing. Now, again, I
don't want this to be like a panic
thing, okay? I'm not trying to scare
you. I just want to bring your attention
that this is a real thing that's
happening. One way or another, we have
to deal with this. And right now, it's
happening. It's
this isn't like a clickbait thing
either. Listen, the the treasur treasury
secretary is talking about stimulating
the 30-year.
His foreign mentor is coming out saying,
"Hey, this is a problem with the bond
market, and this is a problem the
government has to deal with." You got
Kevin Walsh, uh, you know, essentially
being very hawkish right now for for the
meeting. I mean, like all this, it's
live. like it's happening. It's not
happening overnight. This isn't a flash
crash. This is like it's not going to be
like a Tik Tok brain kind of thing where
all of a sudden boom, it happens. It's
going to happen over the course of
probably a year or two years and as it
happens, you'll see this manifest.
That's a blessing and a curse, right?
So, on one hand, you kind of wish like
just rip the band-aid off. On the other
hand, it gives us time to prepare and
get into better posture, to raise cash,
to lower our debt, to get lean, to learn
more about this, to go do our own
research. Don't trust the guy with the
backwards hat on. Go look, learn how to
trade options so that you can be more
dynamic with what you're doing, so that
you can properly sell cover calls, so
you know what you're looking for, so you
know how to do it, so you know what
strikes to do it, so you can do it in a
capital efficient way. Right? All these
things are what you need to learn. Now
again in the office crash course we're
not just teaching cover calls right
we're teaching everything right all the
strategies it's just the cover calls is
a tactic that you can use if we're going
to go into a financial crisis. So all
right so let's uh maybe transition into
some better topics here. Um again to me
this is more of a PSA public service
announcement just to make sure that
you're paying attention to this. Again
we're going to be fine at the end of the
day. I I we don't have any problems in
the next week or next month. This is
just something you need to be aware of.
Okay? So again, I really don't want you
guys to go out and freak out and lose
sleep over this. Just know that now's
the time to properly prepare. Proper
planning prevents piss poor performance.
Proper planning prevents piss poor
performance. So that's all we're doing
here. Okay, let's talk about some good
news. We're going to talk about Nvidia
and then we're going to talk about
Tesla. And oh my god, Tesla is
I haven't been this excited in a long
time and I hope you are too. Okay, so
let's start off with talking about
Nvidia. See, I'm I'm happy that we're
talking about better topics now. All
right. So, Nvidia on uh Wednesday of
last week printed
a masterful earnings, a masterful
earnings call and a masterful guidance.
It was just spectacular.
Now, we all expected them to have
amazing earnings. So, that was kind of a
given. What we didn't expect was the
guidance. So guidance was
one us Tesla investors
dream of and dream that we will have
sooner than later and it might be we'll
talk about that in a second but during
the earnings call for their guidance
they project Wall Street was was
estimating or wanting the whisper number
Wall Street had was 45% growth for next
year. Jensen dropped 70% on them. 70%
growth. The biggest company in the world
said, "No, hold my beer, Wall Street.
Not 45%. 70% growth next year." What the
actual that is insane. Okay. 70% growth.
On top of that, what what did he add? He
had a little asterk. That asterric said,
"By the way, we would have guided higher
if it wasn't for supply constraints."
What? That's absolutely nutty.
Absolutely nutty. Good for Ben, right?
Good for Ben.
Um but so so that's the heart, the
lungs, the the the center, the nucleus
of everything AI right now is Nvidia
because without them nothing else is
happening. Jensen is single-handedly
keeping the AI infrastructure names
alive and keeping the AI names just in
general alive. So hearing this from
Jensen
after we heard from Micron, after we
heard from Sandis, after we heard from
the hyperscalers, after we heard from
Neoclouds, after we heard from all these
companies and people are still
underestimating this AI infrastructure
buildout, it's absolutely wild. But not
only is Jensen
leading the way here and showing that
this is real and not fake, but their
numbers are insane. They they printed
the most profitable quarter of all time.
They printed I think 60 billion in the
quarter take-home
revenue was like 97 billion. That means
that they're bringing in revenue of $1
billion per day in the quarter per day.
And they're growing at a 70% rate for
next year. What the That's insane. So
for all those naysayers out there, for
all those that keep saying that we're in
the AI bubble, for all the Michael
Burries out there, you're just wrong.
You're just wrong. This is real. And
I'll tell you right now, if it wasn't
for these names, if it wasn't for the
Nvidias, if it wasn't for the Amazon,
the Microsofts, the Google's, the
SpaceX's, the Teslas,
this economy would be crushed. We'd be
absolutely wrecked. these names.
Everyone wants to crap on all these uh
capitalist companies, all these big
companies. Oh, they're evil. They're
taking you they're hoarding all the
capital. These data centers are bad.
These people are fools. Without them,
our economy would be on the floor right
now. We would already be having our our
financial crisis. It would already be
occurring. Isn't that kind of crazy to
think about? It would actually already
be happening. But these companies are
self are handling are are holding up
everything. Not only that, but we would
be falling behind China if they weren't
doing this. They are self-funding this
whole revolution. You know, I was
listening to the um All-In podcast uh um
maybe few hours ago and uh I think it
was Freeird maybe who was talking about
how historically government has funded
all these big projects, the internet,
railroads, uh interstate highways, um
what was the other one? Uh uh what was
it called? Uh oh my god, what's wrong
with me? when we were building the
nuclear weapon uh during World War II.
What is wrong with me? Anyways, uh all
all this like can just linger in my head
like what why can't I think of that? Uh
I can uh anyways so all that was funded
by the government, right? But we can't
do that now. The government can't fund
this AI race, this AI push, this this
this um this arms race, this cold war.
The government's not going to be able to
do that. The only thing government can
do at this point is stay out of the way
because government has too much debt
right now. So, if it wasn't for these
companies, where would we be in the AI
race? Not only would we be dealing with
the financial crisis in this country,
but the Chinese would be running away
with it. So, this is where like the
financial
um illiteracy in this country is really
scary because they don't see the bigger
picture. They don't see what's actually
going on, but they want to pick this
boogeyman that doesn't exist. The
boogeyman isn't Nvidia. It's not Elon.
The boogeyman's government. That's the
actual enemy here. That's the actual And
it's not even the government. I don't
want to be that broad. It's Congress.
Congress is the problem. They are the
problem of everything right now that we
have in this country. Inflation.
Congress's fault. They're they're
spending more than what they bring in
and they're not held accountable. Okay.
Why can't we have government help fund
the AI race? Because we don't have money
because of Congress.
Congress is right now the biggest
problem that we have in this country.
Yet, for some reason, somehow, I don't
know how, nobody talks about it. Nobody
blames them. Everyone just accepts it.
Status quo. Well, the bond market's not
having it. The bond market is saying,
"Nope. We're not dealing with this
anymore. You better fix this or we will
make you fix it one way or another. So
anyways, Nvidia crushed it. Nvidia is
showing us where the signal is. And that
leads us to talking about Tesla. Okay.
Because Tesla
Wow. Okay. This morning I woke up I woke
up this morning and I'm sitting there
just on my phone uh having my cup of
coffee and I'm scrolling uh
just you know just like one does. And
what do I see? Well, I see uh I see this
uh post from from Farzod. And Farzad had
this post uh where he's where he's
reposting Ashock uh Alswami's post where
he has the cyber cab and Ash is saying
the streets won't be the same anymore.
Okay. He's saying the streets won't be
the same anymore. So Farzod is reposting
it and he says they're about to flood
Austin, aren't they? With with the cyber
caps. I'm going to try to put it right
here. Well, who responds to Farzos?
Elon, simple one-word answer, yes.
I read this like three times. Okay,
listen. This is this is the problem with
us Tesla investors, and I'm guilty of it
just as much as anyone else, but I can't
help it. Okay,
I read what the way Farzot said and what
he said so many times. They're about to
flood Austin, aren't they? They're about
not they're going to, they're about to.
Maybe I just I'm reading what I want to
read. But the fact that Elon said yes to
that makes me think that this is
actually what's going to happen this
week. How exciting is this? Cybercab
event on Thursday. It's happening. Here
we go. If you guys don't know, I'm going
to be live streaming it and I'm going to
be streaming it on my channel, uh,
Investing Against the Grain. Uh,
obviously what you're watching here. Uh,
so it, you know, I never ask you guys to
subscribe or like ranting, but subscribe
so you can be aware of it. uh that way
it shows up uh in your feed. Um and then
also uh we're going to be streaming it
with on Herbert's channel as well. So
I'm going to be essentially here in the
center of everything. I'm going to be
streaming it on my channel. I'm going to
be streaming it on Herbert's channel so
we can do it co-stream together. And
then Herbert is going to be on site. Uh
he's uh bringing Certain Basher with
him. And then Alexandra is going and
Jeff's going as well. So, all four of
them will be there and they'll be
calling in to the live stream and so
they'll be kind of taking us through it.
I imagine part of it's going to be live
streamed uh publicly, but we'll also be
there with them uh on the ground and
we'll be in communication with them. So,
it should be fun. I don't know what time
it's going to be at. I don't know how
long it's going to be. I don't know
what's going to happen. I don't know
anything. But, I know it's going to be
on Thursday and we're all going to be
there together. So get your drinks, get
your food, get your snacks. You know
that these things run late and not on
time. So just be prepared, be patient,
come with the right attitude, right
mindset. But I think that this is a
bigger event than what people think. For
once, everybody is being mildmannered.
Everybody's tampering uh is keeping
their uh expectations under control. And
I love it because this is the the irony.
This is when the big thing happens when
everybody's like f the one time
everybody's not and over the moon and
you know making these crazy predictions
is the time it happens. That's that's my
prediction, right? It's natural
contrarian in me. I'll take the other
side. Everyone's acting calm and
nonchalant about it this time. All
right, I'll take the other side. But why
am I taking the other side? Well, one, I
see all these freaking cyber cabs
everywhere. They're everywhere and
they're printing more and more and
they're going everywhere. It's insane.
The other reason is that, you know, I
have um my uh my friend, my one of my
101 clients, uh he's uh out of Austin
and he's sitting there saying that yeah,
you can get cyber cabs so quickly now,
like same time as Uber and even cheaper.
Big signal. Why else? Well, over the
weekend now we see cyber cabs without
any driver, anyone in them going around
Austin during daytime, at night on the
highway. This is a big signal. And then
you get this from Elon saying yes to
Farzad when Farzad says they're about to
flood Austin, aren't they? And the
shocks also Ashoke is also posting like
it sounds like they're all getting
really excited right now. So, I don't
expect them to like throw like hundreds
or thousands of cyber cabs out the gate.
I don't I don't expect that. I do think
it'll like to me success would be if
they do at least 10 10 cyber cabs. Um I
guess in reality, if I'm being
completely honest with you, I want to
see like up to 30 or 40 cyber cabs in
the first like week. Like if we in the
first week we get to 30 or 40, I would
say that would be a huge success. If
they do something like that, again, I
don't like to predict what's going to
happen. I like to take what the market
gives us. But I will make predictions
cuz it's fun to. But if they do
anything, let's say over 30 cyber cabs
in Austin, my guess is at the end of
that week when they have 30 cyber cabs,
we're at back 400 $400 a share. That'd
be my guess because now it's real and
you know we don't know what they're
going to say during the cybercap event.
We don't know what they're going to show
us but I feel like this is it. I they're
not printing all these cyber caps for no
reason positioning them everywhere. This
almost feels like battle. It feels like
they're going they're getting all the
troops where they need to go and before
they actually do their big launch. So
the slow at first and all at once that
might not just be random words. Those
are words chosen very carefully. So I
think Tesla this this is going to be if
I had to guess one of the most historic
moments in Tesla's history. This will be
the first time that they are going to go
into not a subscription business, not
just into a reoccurring revenue
business. Let's be more accurate, a
meter business. They are going to be
they are going to be a meter business in
the same way electric companies are a
meter business. As long as that light is
turned on, the electric company's making
money. When I turn it off, it stops.
Turn it back on. It's on. This is what
clouds do. This is what AWS does. Azure
does. GCP does. These are some of the
most wealthy, high margin printing
businesses in the world. And this is
what Tesla's about to get into. They're
about to become a meter business.
They're about to change transportation
as we know it. I started investing
in in this back in 20 2016. So it's been
about a decade ago when I started
investing in in Tesla and investing in
in this and it was because I believed in
this narrative of the cities changing
with autonomy that houses would be built
differently that we wouldn't need
garages or if you are going to have a
garage maybe it'd be it'd still be
enclosed indoor space because why do you
need a garage door outside? But anyways
it would just be like a workshop kind of
thing that you might have but you
wouldn't need that. uh you wouldn't have
cities that are built around parking
spots and parking garages. Instead, that
cities could be transformed. If you've
ever been to Mkonos, um uh Mkonos has uh
their like main town center. And in that
town center, cars don't go in there.
It's all just walking. That's all you
do. And you there's like a little itty
bitty parking lot just outside the city
where you can like park your, you know,
like little four-wheeler that you ride
around with or if you have a car, you
can park there. But the whole city is
designed around walking. And so I I see
a future like that where cities are
designed more around walkability. You
have a a drop off section where a cyber
cab will drop you off to go into the
city, but then from there you just walk
or Yeah, just there's no need for
parking garage. There's no need for
parking spots. Um I you know I think I
think highways get transformed. I think
where people live can get transformed.
people can live further outside of
cities which will be a lot more cost
effective because one what's one of the
reasons people don't don't want to live
um outside of a city. Well, people don't
want to live outside a city because it's
a long commute. Well, if the commute
becomes kind of a non-issue now because
you have a robo taxi, well then then
what does that look like? What does that
do for affordability? So, and then what
is what happens this is the bigger
thing. What happens when all of a sudden
people don't need to buy a car anymore?
when one of the biggest the second
biggest arguably expense that they ever
have buying a car. They no longer have a
car note. They no longer have to pay car
insurance. They no longer have to pay
for maintenance. They no longer have to
pay for fuel. And instead, they have
such a low cost of transportation that
it makes no sense to ever own a car.
What does that do for affordability? And
so that's where I think this is going to
be one of the most disruptive in the
most positive way um
movements that we've ever seen. So I
don't know and maybe this is the answer
to all of our debt problems. Maybe this
is the answer. Maybe AI will be the most
deflationary
um part of of this whole story that it
allows us to bail the US government out
just through technology through
deflationary means of and high
productivity and high GDP growth. Now,
obviously, you still need to get the
deficit under control, but who knows?
Maybe we grow so fast that the tax
revenue that comes in
essentially that grows at a faster clip
than what Congress can even spend.
Unfortunately, they always find a way to
spend more and more money. But that's
like a very optimistic very optimistic
uh scenario I'm painting there. U in
reality, we got to get our debt under
control. And in reality, Tesla's about
to have a really big week. And in
reality, Nvidia just crushed it. So,
we're gonna leave it there for today.
Um, I want everybody to, if you could do
me a favor, um, go talk to someone in
your life, in your family. uh make sure
that they're I mean you don't have to do
this I guess but I would like you to go
make sure that they're aware of what's
going on in the world right now the
potential risk the fact that they really
should be invested in markets uh the
truth is the only way that we're truly
going to be able to get out of this $40
trillion debt that we're in is we're
going to have to inflate our way out of
it. That's the only way. And so
inflation is here to stay with us. Uh
what what we don't want is out of hand
inflation, but we need inflation.
Without inflation, we're never going to
be able to pay down the $40 trillion
debt. And what we're going to do is
we're going to inflate our way out of
it. That's what's going to happen. Uh it
it works with your home mortgage, works
with your car, it'll work with uh our
debt. Obviously, we want growth as part
of that as well. Um but but let them
know that they need to make sure that
their money isn't assets. Um assets are
important. um if not, you know, they
will see the value of their dollar
inflated away. Now, you're all really
smart people. I I know that you're very
financially literate. Uh especially if
you stuck around to the end now, right?
Obviously. Um but so I I imagine that
that you have, you know, taught your
kids or you've you've talked to your
brothers or your sisters or your nieces
and nephews, your grandkids. Uh, I
imagine you have, but if you haven't,
just just know like don't don't take it
for granted and don't shy away from from
these type of conversations. Everyone
always says that, you know, money is
like one of the topics you shouldn't
talk about. I couldn't agree. I couldn't
disagree more. Like that's insane to me.
Like that's whoever came up with that,
they were trying to manipulate people.
Money, like you shouldn't talk about
money and finances in the egotistical
way. Like don't be a douchebag. But you
should definitely talk about it. We
should all be talking. We were talking
about it right now because this is how
we get better. This is how we share
ideas. I literally, you know, everyone
from this the Slack Zoom this morning.
That's what we're doing. We're talking
about it. You know,
people who have money like talking about
money in a to share ideas so that we can
grow and we can help each other. It's
only people who don't have money that
always think that's something you
shouldn't talk about. And it's honestly
a way to keep people under control
because if you don't know how much
Sally's making or Rick's making or
Jaime's making, well then, you know, we
shouldn't talk about it, right? Because
it's voodoo. And so if you don't know
what someone else is making and how, you
know, then you're not going to complain.
So it's it's it's a way to control
people in my opinion. But I think it's
good. I think it's healthy. It helps you
learn, helps you grow, helps you come up
with new ideas, see what other people
are doing so you can learn from them.
And yeah, I think uh financial literacy
is important. All right, we're gonna
leave it there. Uh a little bit of a
longer one today. Uh so hopefully you
guys don't mind, but it's going to be
exciting weekend. I hope to see you guys
on Thursday. Please come in the chat,
drop your questions. We're going to talk
a lot while while we're on that live
stream. It's going to be fun. It's going
to be an exciting day. And yeah, we'll
see you there. Cheers.