Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Global FSD Signals Are Accelerating
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9zpByppKG0
Published:   2026-05-11 18:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several new posts from Elon Musk and
Tesla executives, plus new signals about
FSD in Europe and China. First, Tesla's
hiring robo taxi software engineers, and
the job description specifically says
the goal is to push miles per
intervention as high as possible as robo
taxi scales globally. Second, Tesla and
Elon Musk posted about Tesla's vision
technology, which allows airbags to
deploy up to 70 milliseconds earlier if
an unavoidable collision is detected.
That can be the difference between
serious injury and walking away. Elon
also shared images showing how Tesla FSZ
sees so well at night and an extreme
glare. This comes as another record was
set for a coast to coast drive using
only full self-driving with zero
interventions. The group drove 2800
miles in just 50 hours. Third, Nitsa
announced the Tesla Model Y is the first
vehicle to pass the AY's new advanced
driver assistance system tests. Fourth,
Elon Musk and other tech executives are
reportedly joining President Trump for
his visit to China this week. Tesla
China continues hiring more autopilot
test engineers and is in talks with the
Irish government over approval of FSE
supervised. Belgium is also taking steps
forward. Finally, Tesla China just
recorded its highest exports from Giga
Shanghai since 2022 with 80%
year-over-year growth signaling stronger
sales abroad. EV adoption in China also
hit a record 42% with the Model Y as a
third bestselling car. We got Jeff Lutz
here with us today. He's a multi-deade
supply chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Yeah, a lot of stuff's
going on. Tesla continues to improve not
only the
autopilot or FSD software, but actually
how the rest of the car works and
everything center around safety. there
just be some interesting things we we
talk through later today. It' be good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think technology and job hiring,
they're the best the best signals and um
that seems to be what Elon and Tesla
have been posting about this weekend
specifically. So Tesla Yoda posted this
new job posting that Tesla has Tesla's
hiring for code hardening software
engineers to push miles per intervention
at as high as possible as robo taxi
scales globally. Uh so take a look at
this. So it's a robo taxi software
engineer but it's just interesting the
language that they use. Miles per
intervention is a key metric we look at
to measure this and our primary focus is
keeping the number as high as possible
while robo taxi expands globally.
What's your thoughts about this? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah that's the uh those are the goals
intention
uh which is good. Tesla seems to be
really good at this, which is they they
know the fleet has to expand, which
therefore means there's going to be more
events that are serious, non-s serious
in terms of their their defect rating.
So, I what I like here is the KPIs are
pretty clear. If if you're getting hired
as this engineer, you're you have to
take whatever baseline they're at in
terms of miles per intervention. again
as the fleet is expanding too at the
same time and you've got to drive that
rate that normalized rate down uh or you
have to improve you have to you have to
basically have to improve the miles per
uh intervention how many miles can be
driven for a singular event and then the
second thing my guess is there's some
sort of open close there's some sort of
rate of bugs identified and closed this
code hardening
is probably something around that as
well. So, I like there's just two two or
so crystal clear KPIs and this is, you
know, this is what's needed because my
guess is a lot of the front-end
development work that went into
producing in architecting FSD is moving
to Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like this sentence here. It says
regardless of how rare its occurrence on
the road may be. Okay, so we do uh have
more video of more robo taxi ready
vehicles that are sitting in parking
lots
and um these seems to be apparently two
left and so now these are probably going
to be adding to the list sometime soon.
Okay, so this weekend what happened was
uh Elon and Tesla focused their posting
a lot on the new technology and this was
one of them. Tesla vision allows us to
deploy airbags up to 70 sec 70
milliseconds earlier if your Tesla
detects an unavoidable collision. This
can be the difference between serious
injury and walking away from a crash.
I'll play the video, but Elon said Tesla
AI Vision deploys airbags before impact,
which greatly reduces risk of injury or
death. This comes from for free on all
new cars. Then he showed this, which is
um the difference between an an image
that we see and then image that the
Tesla AI photon count reconstruction is
image two. This is human perceived. So
we go, "Oh my god, too much glare." But
that's not what the cameras are saying.
The cameras are able to because it's
photon. This is why Tesla FC can see so
well at night or through stream gr. So
I'm going to play a video is like
a blink of an eye. With the vision
system, we're looking at up to 70
milliseconds earlier airbag deployment
decision. But that can be the difference
between a serious injury and walking
away from the incident. We've been able
to utilize a new capability of Tesla
Vision supplementing our existing
restraint system. So the way the system
works is we've got cameras around the
vehicle. So if we had a car accident
where two vehicles are coming towards
each other, the camera in the Tesla is
watching that vehicle and can identify
exactly when contact's going to be made
and how severe the crash will be. That
information is then passed through to
the airbag controller. By passing that
information across, we can rely on the
impact sensors here, here, and here on
this vehicle. We're still using impact
sensors to detect crashes. We're just
supplementing our decisions by using
information from the vision system. This
is going to roll out as a software
update to existing vehicles. Tesla
customers will wake up tomorrow morning,
get a software update, and they'll have
this new feature that makes their car
significantly safer. This is something
outside the bounds of the five-star
safety ratings.
&gt;&gt; Milliseconds matter.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. Software update. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the these things are invaluable. I
I is the the thing I would be a bit
concerned about again inside of Tesla
and I'm sure they've tested for this and
I'm sure they've built the redundancy
both in the hardware detection and the
software is just falsing where you know
you're you're now triggering off of
vision related events. But my guess is
they've got hooks in there and
redundancy that so that would not
happen. But just making sure you
thoroughly you thoroughly test something
before it rolls out to you 8 million
plus vehicles approaching 9 million. So
that's the only thing. Uh and and
there's ways there's ways to do that
internally in terms of really trying to
get kind of every condition to as
extreme internally and then figuring out
is your system still working. So it's
like stress testing of the system. But
this is great for consumers. This is
taking their vision technology and
augmenting the safety of the product.
This is going to help them with Nitsa as
well. This is going to help them with
regulators. And it's just part of this
equation of FSD prevents you from from
getting into an accident at least at
your fault in the first place. And if
there then if there's some other
unavoidable event where your airbags are
going to deploy uh at at a you know
potentially
u best-in-class kind of rate that you
wouldn't get in a typical car that could
potentially help you uh in the event of
impact and and softening the blow on the
on the body. So all kinds of testing all
kinds of measurements involved. This is
a great thing.
Can you speak a little bit Jeffe to this
whole point of um they took vision which
is cameras but then they applied neural
network AI to it to super make it super
super vision really it truly is beyond
technology and as opposed to using liar
or radar and then using that instead
they just thought okay because this
video or this shot here is a very good
example this is what you thought that
these cameras would be able to see
because that's what we see but Actually,
they're able to make it look like this
because they're using neural net
reconstruction, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is this is the other
beyond the safety the the change for for
safety. This is this is this is Tesla's
architecture. This is their system level
design. This is these are things these
are knowable things too that you could
plot out in the lab. You can be in a
garage. You can set the lux meter to
various different levels and the
lighting to different different levels.
You can set all different kinds of
sources, sunlight, you can you can, you
know, make those sources directional.
You can put there's all kinds of
testing. The road testing is just what
you do to validate what you're building.
But this is, you know, this is Tesla's
real time inference in their AI
supercomputers, redundant supercomputers
in the vehicle that are taking data from
these cameras. And it's not only people
use this use this term of like, oh,
you've got eight sets of eyes, which
actually sounds really impressive that
are always on uh around your car. It's
not just eight sets of eyes. As you can
see with the with the assist of the
neural net with with their AI assist,
you're you're getting much better.
You're actually seeing much better than
a human would see. I see this in my car
and I'm sure everybody watching this
that's drives a lot on FSD.
They've had their own events, especially
at dawn and dusk and in those kind of
hours where it's it's kind of dark
enough where your eyes haven't
necessarily fully adjusted and maybe the
street lights aren't on. just FSD for me
it's seen it's seen animals it's seen
people uh pedestrian everything much
earlier than I would have seen and uh
it's it's a huge value ad this is all
about at this point this is all about
discovery just on the peace of mind
alone of like what do you want to put
your family in what do you want your
friends in coming out to see you what's
the safest vehicle well from a crash
rating perspective
It's a Tesla. Now, in terms of if you're
in an incident and the airbags have to
deploy, it's it's a Tesla. And now with
FSD, it's it's ability to see. And these
a lot of these advanced features are on
even if you don't have FSD for emergency
braking as well. So, it it's just
continuing to make this car and just
better and better. the these are these
are must-have features. How do you you
know how do you negotiate or how do you
like I don't know if I really need
something this is this is really good
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we're just getting
started. We're going to see the
separation of the technology versus
everyone else. So we saw there that they
using neural net on on uh vision cameras
and now they're showing you that they
can do even better things. But the thing
is they were able to do this because
they have access to millions of cars on
the road with those cameras. And so this
is what Wes uh oh he's guy in charge of
the Cybert trucks Elon said Tesla AI
vision AI vision. And Wes pointed out
that here's a graph. Every one of these
dots is an actual crash from the fleet.
Okay. So we have the the richness of
this data is what enabled the result
because they have access to realworld
speeds collisions and people not just
the regulatory test cases this is like
what's actually happened and you can see
that uh the real world events
milliseconds matter the richness of this
data is what enabled the result with
simulation we can replay the crashes and
measure the forces on the human body and
they can uh figure out the injury
severity
so I won't go through all of this but
you know basically they're using all
that data
crash accelerometers. They got the
sensitive data, but they have all that
data. That's the point, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; H each dot is a person.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And after this Herbert, I do want
to go back to the u the robo taxi the
Dallas uh clip. If we if we put that up
again, I I I've seen a lot of posts over
the weekend of
people
talking about the robo taxi roll out and
saying
it's absurd. There's no way that they're
going to do X,000 by the end of the
year. There's no way. And a lot of this
is is purely like there's a lot to me. I
see a lot of like SCOPS happening on Ax.
It's kind of bizarre. are these people
that just want to like move to to
another direction on an issue and and
then yeah, you're you're showing us
you're telling us that it's it's not
going to happen and yeah, just anyway
here's my commentary on this like
thinking of this like purely
scientifically. We actually don't know
and I don't think Tesla knows either. So
to be sitting on your and and it's fine
by the way, it's actually fine for that
for anybody that wants to guess super
low and saying it's going to be in the
hundreds or maybe a thousand or
something by the that's fine. That's
their guess. I know you put it um a
number out there, Herbert, and you
informed it with a lot of you know, you
had a whole video behind it and you kind
of built up to what you're doing and I
think that's fine, too. All I'm saying,
what I wanted to talk about is this this
thing in the middle. Like we actually
don't know. We don't know what Elon
meant by volume deployment. And they're
not sure exactly. They're probably
reviewing the data real time and really
trying to understand how the robo taxi
fleet is performing. And they've got a
like I said they have an internal
mathematical model that helps them
understand as they expand the fleet
what's the probability of an incident
relative uh by geography. What they
don't want is they don't want a cluster
of incidents in a particular geography.
You don't want a cluster of incidents
anywhere at all but certainly in a in a
geography. Just the point I wanted to
make is we actually don't know Elon's I
believe Elon's thoughts on volume
deployment is in the many like hundreds
of thousands and that may that is not
likely to happen. That's pretty clear
the way he said it. The rearchitecture
and software, you know, and they didn't
even put out a schedule for that, but
maybe end of the year, maybe that's
early next year. That's fine. But we
don't know what that volume level of
robo taxis is tied to. So, I just wanted
to touch on that a bit because I think
it's important that I think some people
just think it's on hold like we're just
we're going to be in um you know we're
going to be and then the other thing is
I think people are like I think people
are getting excited you know they see a
couple of robo taxies added and boom
everybody's posting that's fine you know
what's actually happening and I think
one of the things people are missing
statistically is that going from like 22
to 33 and then to 35 in a 7 to 10 day
span is actually significant and pe and
most people on ax most people in in
general are not properly trained in
statistics to understand uh what's
what's actually happening here. I'm not
saying everything's significant. I'm not
saying every time they have a robo taxi
it's a big deal. But when you step back
and you start looking at these clusters
of data and you see this movement and if
it and if they increase the fleet by
50%. It actually is meaningful. So
anyway, we don't know what's going to
happen. We're we're watching it all play
out real time. Just everybody just just
debate like debate the issue, debate the
actual debate what what could happen.
But I just it's hard to be critical uh
and and and just say it's not going to
be one number or another. Uh because
again I I actually I believe Tesla
actually doesn't know and that doesn't
mean that they don't have a hand. They
have a they have a great handle on their
data. I just think as they're training
these new models and as they're putting
this out there is this level of
uncertainty where there could be a big
jump or it could take a bit longer.
&gt;&gt; Good points. Um it seems to be that
they're moving uh all their supervised
drivers into unsupervised and that seems
to be the path that we're watching.
Austin is moving and are continued to
just replace to be unsupervised.
Um the technology is being proven not
only by robo taxi but uh us ourselves
driving the FSD. Here is um this Zach
black model 3. He and his uh Dan
Berkeland, Aaron, they went and uh drove
this car from New York City to LA as
fast as they could. 100% effic zero
disengagements, no human interventions
on 14.3.2,
2800 miles under 50 hours. They beat the
record by 8.5 by David Moss. So they
just proving yet again they can this is
happening uh pretty pretty standard now
going across the nation and multiple
states you know many hours just driving
this thing straight through I mean it's
perfect uh it's going gone really well
Tesla forwarded that said Tesla and FS
supervised drives itself from New York
City to LA with zero interventions
&gt;&gt; all right
&gt;&gt; this is this is a big thing I mean this
is the big thing Harper that's been
talked about for years and now it's just
happening
Yeah, you know, a group a group of
friends that just want to get together,
get in the car, and these, by the way,
these people, they they post really good
content. They're really helpful and
useful to the community. And but now
it's just like anybody can do it.
Everybody's got 1432,
you just go you you have a Tesla and you
just get in your car and it it's going
to drive you interventionfree. And I
don't know if people like you just if
you don't own a Tesla and you're
watching this now, what it feels like at
the end of any duration of trip, an
hour, a half hour, 4 hours where you
actually you're not tensed up on the
wheel. You're not tensed up on the
pedals. You have to cover. This is still
a supervised system, but you feel
different. You feel better. And these
things are now just going to be regular
occurrences. This is the baseline Tesla
wanted to get to. And now with these
code hardening engineers going back to
the, you know, the beginning of the show
and robo taxi route, they just want to
continue to improve from here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. You reminded me that is
what Elon said, right? He said one time,
"Oh, I'm going to go and just prove
everybody I'm going to drive it from
coast to coast. It didn't happen for
many, many years." So he was way too
early then, but now it's happening and
it's happening regularly. So it's like
we we go, "Oh, it's never going to
happen then. Now it's happening." So
yes, he was very very late. uh he was
delayed and he was wrong, but it it's
now here. That's the point. And then um
Nitsa passed the Tesla Model Y is the
very first vehicle to pass their new
advanced driver assistance system tests.
So that's great. Um I wonder how others
will be able to pass this as well. I'm
sure they will, but this is the first
one. It's sets a high bar for the
industry life-saving potential of driver
assistance technologies. So, this is uh
2026 Tesla Model Y vehicles manufactured
on or after November 2025 successfully
met the rigorous criteria for four newly
integrated advanced safety test.
Pedestrian automatic automatic emergency
braking, lanekeeping assistance, blind
spot warning, and blind spot
intervention.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; This is good for This is good for Tesla.
Uh Nitsa created this. This is they want
to roll this out. They wanted to put a
press release out and Tesla happens to
be the first vehicle through this. This
is good. This is good for Tesla and
Nitsa to have positive headlines
together, right? And I want to go back
and one more comment on the coast to
coast uh drive is we talk about this.
You do a good job on your show, Herbert,
of saying look, you know, these things
were promised and they they're this is
late, this is on time.
No, the thing we we leave out of the
conversation most of the time, where's
everybody else? Where's the competition
at? So Tesla's now completed multiple
coast to coast drives interventionfree
with their full self-driving software.
Where's the competition at? What year?
So how many months or how many years
away are they from doing that? Where's
the Nvidia Alpame? Why hasn't that
vehicle been set up to do this? Why is
it only doing 90 second YouTube clips or
very short YouTube clips and short
drives on specific streets? The answer
is is these the competition.
Tesla may have been late getting to this
milestone. That's fine. We can we can
mark that. But nobody else has
accelerated and gotten closer. So, it's
just it's just something to keep in
mind. It's there's no other car,
Herbert, where you and I can go and call
up a quote unquote dealership or Tesla
store or any other dealership and say,
"Hey, I Mercedes or BMW, give me a car
that I can I can test drive and go from
point A to point B hands-free." There
isn't. So, it just sometimes I think
it's important to reiterate that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. There's movement in um FSD,
uh potential movement in Europe, and
then there's also movement in China. I
want to get to that soon. But here
Tesla's in talks with Irish government.
So that's a new uh country in Europe
that is actually talking to them about
approving full self-driving software. So
that's great. Uh that's it. That's all
it is. TUS are currently engaging with
the Irish authorities. It doesn't say
one way or the other if it's going to be
approved, but it is always a good thing
if they're actually in talks. That means
that after the Dutch RDW presented
couple weeks ago, week ago, now these
guys want to learn more about what this
is.
&gt;&gt; Look, everybody has the internet.
Everybody has X. They're seeing Keith,
you know, in in in the Netherlands when
he when he got was one of the first
people to get FSD and he's out there
driving. He's got his friends and
they're video. They're all seeing it.
They know it works. So, to me, this says
they're in talks with Ireland. They're
in talks with everybody and this thing
it's going to happen. It's a question of
uh how soon. But I I it's going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; And even if uh the 27 countries don't
all agree to it and they vote in June or
September and then they don't agree to
it, that's okay. There's going to be
multiple countries like maybe Ireland
and others one at a time. Um the Danish
road traffic authority by the way had to
fight back because there was an article
written by Reuters and um they basically
said no the that they basically said
that we did not have any criticism. We
didn't express criticism or skepticism
about Tesla's FSD supervised as Reuters
uh reported. So they just want to squash
that. We have not expressed either
positive or negative opinions about the
approval of Tesla FSE. So don't say that
we said something negative. Anek Ditter
is one of the the directors uh in
Belgium or a city in Belgium who is now
asking to fast forward the analysis of
Tesla's FSD in she wants it approved in
Belgium and she just basically announced
that that news about the SSC the
accelerated screening of my
administration has arrived. It shows
that with a view to homologation they
still want to conduct additional
testing. So they're going to do
additional testing on a limited scale in
order to provide comfort for tra traffic
safety
uh difference between Netherlands and I
don't know a VL road system network
between the Netherlands system versus
theirs. So they want to do a small thing
but it's looking really good. He's a big
believer in innovation. So that's good.
Um and then in China let's get here. So
this is Grace Tao uh senior vice
president of China and she's basically
preparing because President Trump is
going to be visiting China this week.
And so she wrote this article, this uh
post saying the mutual achievement and
common prosperity between China and
United States is a reality that can be
seen and grasped and it will not only
benefit both countries but also the
world. So she's being very positive
hoping that there will be a good
relationship between Tesla and China.
And the news today was Elon will
reportedly join President Trump for his
visit to China this week. And apparently
Tim Cook, Meta McCormack, says Coast
Robbins, Goldman Sachs, Solomon, and
Black Rockink are going to go to China
with Trump as well. Visa and Mascar CEOs
are going to go to China with Trump as
well. So apparently a host of them are
visiting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh are you expecting something? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I am. Uh there is a lot of
discussion and chatter leading up to
this trip that the president wants to
make a big deal regarding mutual
investment between the companies
basically trying to open up a little bit
more between the countries. If you
remember you go back 10 years people are
wondering like where did all these
tariffs come from? Why did we put this
on China? Even the the first Trump
administration,
there's China had tariffs on well
before. So if you built a Model S, you
know, in Fremont and sent it over
uh even, you know, 6 7 8 years ago,
you'd be paying at least a 17% VAT plus
a couple of other auto specific tariffs.
So you we weren't we weren't sending we
weren't just freely sending product into
China either. So there there's a a lot
of chatter and there's a lot of concern
and you've you've seen this like
building up over the last couple of
weeks. You've seen Jim Farley from Ford
if China was allowed to come here,
destroy our auto industry. Most people
don't understand this. I actually think
there's some issues. I'm a little bit
concerned and I'm glad that there are
um there are people in the
administration
uh going over that are more from the
manufacturing their builders. You Tim
Cook, Elon
in Boeing as well, which this is all
great. These are these are real like
these companies are real builders. Why
am I bringing this up? There's a lot of
concern that that the president wants to
open up and do this big deal where
basically inviting Chinese companies to
come to the US and set up and build.
What's actually been happening in the
background is a lot of Chinese companies
have been coming here that if they're
not on any specific restricted list like
glass manufacturing for example and
other ones. It's actually been happening
and it's not regulated very well.
There's issues h there's there's a lot
of issues that are occurring in terms of
hiring, treatment of employees, so
forth. So there's this concern out there
that the president may want to open this
up. And a lot of people think, and I
just want to spend a quick minute, they
think that if like the Chinese auto
suppliers come over and they build here
that immediately like we're going to
have $10,000 cars, uh, EVs running
around the US. And that's just not the
case. And the reason it's not the case
is they're going to have to if they're
going to if they're going to be
unionized, if they're going to be
unionized, what's the labor rate going
to be? And and then if you start that's
just the that's just at the factory. And
if you go deeper into the supply chain
and they want to set up
uh supply chains here, unless they're
doing something fundamentally
differently, which in most cases we know
they're actually not, uh the economics
aren't going to work out for them. The
economics are barely working and is
actually not working well for their auto
industry in China. there's a lot of
startup burnout and they're gone uh in
their auto industry and most of their
current domestic auto manufacturers are
not hugely profitable sitting on piles
of cash. It's just not the case. So, if
anything,
um this is just hold on and watch and
and don't kind of run in one direction
over another. They can't they're not
you're not going to get a $10,000 car if
it's assembled here and if the if the
parts have to come from domestic sources
here. You're not where you had the
opportunity to get a $10 to $15,000 car
is if the tariffs were dropped and they
were just importing from China and that
wouldn't be any part of this deal. So I
think it's really important that Elon's
on this trip. I think, you know, in
terms of just data sharing and and and
getting AI running on physical AI
devices between the countries, I think
there's a lot of things to work out. I
think it's good for him to have this
time with the president as well. So, I
I'm hugely positive on him being on this
trip and there's a lot to go through.
So, you made a very good point about how
if the Chinese
manufacturer and create factories here
in the US, it's not like a given that
they're going to do well profit-wise,
supply chain, all that.
&gt;&gt; Well, they won't. It's not even not a
given. They'll be hugely challenged.
&gt;&gt; But you made that point, but you're
still not proposing that they should do
that, right? You're still saying they
should be not allowed to come in.
&gt;&gt; Um, I I don't know. I I think here's
here's the question. We have to
selfassess. Do we have the amount of
labor and do we have the people?
Remember labor participation. We have
people that are not participating in the
workforce. If I wanted to open 10
factories right now in the Midwest or
10, let's say 10 factories in LA of 4 to
6,000 people per factory. I don't think
I could find the people. And and I don't
I'm saying I think I know I can't find
the people. So some of this is
happening, but this has to be explained
to the American people. This has to be
well understood. Like we're not
importing people from China to do the
work. I'm not saying I'm not proposing
that. But what I what I am saying is
this is why I think there needs to be
there may need to be some opening back
and forth, but it has to be controlled.
Uh because right now current course in
speed like our auto industry is not
doing well. Their auto industry is not
doing well. We're there's restriction.
These tariffs are actually they're
actually causing a lot of stress. Some
of the the companies that are doing the
reason why earnings are up 28%. It's not
because of the auto industry. Be very
clear. It's because of AI and AI
derivative companies. anything feeding
that entire chain because that whole
thing is being invested in from a capex
perspective and growing. But what's not
growing is at the rate is the industrial
base. Our manufacturing jobs are
negative. They were negative in this
last print and they've been negative for
the last 14 months. So everybody's
saying a boom is coming, a boom is
happening. You would think if you had
manufacturing friendly policy that what
you the first thing you would have done
is you would have filled up the empty
factories. Meaning you're not waiting
for a factory to be built for the
manufacturing job boom to happen. You
would take your Ford plant in
Dearbornne. You would take your GM plant
in Kansas City and you would just be
adding shifts and adding people to that.
And there's some of that happening but
there's not a lot. That's why we're
still in that negative on manufacturing.
So my my message on this is there's a
lot of chatter. We don't know if a deal
is going to be made. We don't know if
they're going to what they're going to
discuss about it, but this could advance
to the next stage where there is a
little bit more opening up. But just
don't read into it like everything's
going to be destroyed, everything's be a
problem.
They have they have to come here and
they have to build and they have to use
our standards, our labor rates.
&gt;&gt; It's it's not a home run by any means at
all. In fact, I I I don't see it even
working.
&gt;&gt; Okay, thank you for that. And then with
Elon joining President Trump, that's
good news. Maybe it's signed. We'll see
what happens there, but it looks like
it's positive. Maybe some people are
saying that when Elon goes there, that
that could be the time that they're
going to announce uh ch Tesla China
approves Tesla FSD to be wider. Maybe
that's happening. There's signals here
because Tesla China has been hiring
autopilot test engineers, many, many
such roles. And so people are saying why
are they hiring all those people if they
are not going to roll out Tesla FSD uh
fully and then there's this rumor here
uh that that people are saying not sure
how credible the info is according to Ry
but the alleged development of FSE in
China Tesla has indeed started pushing
the fullfeatured FSE version 14.x X
internally beta to employees in China.
They were asked to sign NDAs. The roll
out to employees began late April and
early May, which is now. Employee beta
is running version 14.3.2, which is the
latest version. So that's why people are
saying about a thousand hardware for
employee vehicles are involved. Why are
they doing this? Because I think that uh
they might expect approval when this
comes. That's the rumor.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're getting close. I mean,
it's not centered around the trip with
Trump. The Trump trip was supposed to
happen at the end of March. So, nobody's
creating their their product development
milestones and rollouts around a trip
that was rescheduled. So, something may
happen. But I think what you want Elon
there for is advancing how are we going
to do AI in your country and how are we
going to expand manufacturing here and
how could we work together and how could
we open up trade more. I think that's
the conversation where where he's going
to add tremendous value.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then one of the reasons why
FSA may not be approved is and by the
way get this really good news for Tesla
FSC but it's like because the Chinese
auto industry may be concerned that
Tesla's FSE is so good and the Chinese
are not catching up. So, uh, Wang Yao,
deputy chief engineer of the China
Association of Automobile Manufacturers,
recently spoke about the gap between
Tesla's FSE and domestic competing
brands. What he said was, "Domestic
social media outlets often compare
Tesla's autonomous driving with that of
our own Chinese brands and then conclude
that our domestic brands autonomous
driving is far superior to Teslas.
From the perspective of us technical
pers professionals, I believe that while
Chinese companies are indeed doing a
very good job, we we should also
honestly acknowledge some of the gaps.
Okay. Um, so that's what he's saying
that he's very clear.
&gt;&gt; I won't play all that, but just to see
that he was interviewed and he basically
saying there's a gap. Don't let's be
honest. Tesla's efficacy is much better.
So there's a little bit of concern on
their side and that's why I think Trump
and uh Musk Elon they have to go there
and talk about why convince China this
is a time approve Tesla's FSD across the
board regardless
&gt;&gt; Trump won't be involved in that
conversation but yeah
&gt;&gt; well
it's a quid proquo in the sense of like
you know US versus China right the US is
saying give us this we'll give you that
&gt;&gt; you know
&gt;&gt; well we're never going to allow Chinese
vehicles
with collecting data. I it there's a
slippery slope here. I think they've set
up the data sharing rules so they can be
comfortable about it uh in domestic
China, but I don't think I don't think
you're going to get a reciprocal trade
on that. Same thing with humanoid,
&gt;&gt; right? They're not
&gt;&gt; robots. So, I just think they're going
to have to figure out how to work
together and how to make sure supply
chains are open. I don't think the
humanoid robot supply chain today is
China free enough and there's not enough
supplier capacity for all of these bot
manufacturers to ramp up. So there's a
lot there's a lot to go they China and
the US have to partner they have to work
together rare earths there's there's
certain you know there's certain fuels
and things that we obviously need to
help them on these country we have to
figure out how to cooperate and work
together and uh we have to get out of
this mode of everything's just kind of
ratcheting up and and I think I think
that's what we're actually moving
towards. I just think there's going to
be some concern from people of like, do
we go a little bit too far in the other
direction? I don't think we will. Uh
there's no no candidate is going to want
to quote unquote give up a manufacturing
sector to China. It's just not going to
happen that way or classically. So, just
watch. We'll feed off the cues. We'll
talk through it on here as well and
we'll see how it goes.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh new data came from Tesla
China sales of cars in China and
exported. Roland Percher, thank you for
your incredible data. So, he reported
that Tesla exported 53,000 Model 3s and
Y's from China in April. This is the
highest exports from Giga Shanghai since
October 2022. 80% year-over-year growth,
5.7% quarterover-arter compared to
January. He says, "High exports from
China mean high sales in other
countries." Um, this is just great. Um,
this person said, "The more Shanghai
production Tesla is able to export, the
higher the facto's profitability.
China's extreme price competition so low
margins, high margins, EU, Asian, SK,
and Japanese exports." Yeah, that makes
sense, right, Jeeoff? You like this
post?
&gt;&gt; Really good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, Stephen's really good on
Tesla and and also not only
understanding the the key levels in the
stock, but also, you know, key business
elements like this. This is good for
Tesla from a margin perspective. Again,
it's month one of a three-month quarter.
I would expect them to be focused on
exports, and I would expect the China
domestic to be the smaller that that'll
be the smallest month of the quarter
actually. And still the Model Y was the
number one single selling vehicle in
that even in that that month where
they're focused on on exports. So,
Shanghai is humming. It's great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then in terms of actual sales
in China, China reported 26,000 Tesla
sales uh and 1.9% market share in April.
BEV prep uh penetration just in general
electric vehicles in China has now hit a
new record 48 41.8%. Tesla has 4.5% of
that segment. The Model 3 is the third
bestselling car. Sorry, the Model Y is
the third bestselling car. 89% Model Y,
11% Model 3. It's 10% below April, but
40% compared to January positive. So
things are moving along. Um here's the
salmon color 2026 and we're below where
we were 2025 or 2024 or 2023.
But uh cuz China, everyone in China's is
bleeding. They're they're suffering as a
as an entity. But Tesla on general is
doing well. And then the interesting
part here is bee adoption in China. It
continues to grow significantly. It's
now at 40 something percent. So
&gt;&gt; they just don't and and anything with
Tesla sales even good or bad. I know we
want to we forward I forward a bunch of
stuff around too but single months are
very tricky to you have to understand
what's happening in the company. Are
they building inventory? Are they moving
stuff out to the furthest points of
distribution? There are reasons. There
are reasons why Norway and Spain didn't
get product in the first month. And
there's a reason these other countries
are up 100% 200%. What's good is the
fact that there are countries that are
up. I mean that's mean those are cars
delivered to people. But the ones that
are down doesn't mean that there's
necessarily people don't want to. It
just could be like where are the cars
being distributed. So we don't know the
inventory levels of each country. We
don't know the starting the ending. So
it's a little bit tricky to look at
single month data. But anyway the the
the net of it though that's why you have
to look at like a 12-month trailing. Uh
the net of it is is the the numbers are
going up.
&gt;&gt; Numbers going up. Wow. Great show today.
Thank you so much Jeeoff. Uh you put a
lot of knowledge here today. Dropped a
lot of knowledge about uh global
manufacturing supply chain and uh not
supply chain but the global kind of the
movement that's happening. This is it.
That's things are happening and we'll
see what happens with President Trump's
visit to China this week. Appreciate you
Jeeoff. Bye.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.