Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla's Semi Scaling Problems Are GOOD For The Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGQo2rq4PQw
Published:   2026-09-16 20:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-16 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Tesla Semi just launched in Europe.
And here's a beautiful video of this
amazing vehicle. It has been now
adjusted for European regulations and
ready to launch. And that is very
exciting for many many Tesla
shareholders. And today we are going to
cover why this is such an amazing car
and why it doesn't matter for Tesla.
There is some dark secret that is
actually not that dark. It's actually a
very good secret for Tesla. But we have
to go into the problem with the semi and
why I never paid that much attention to
it. Even though I love the truck, I love
the vision. I love everything about it.
When you look at the semi just some
specs and what happens recently, this
semi truck is just beautiful. It is
revolution.
When I say we, I'm an old trucker as you
know. Wrote many, many millions of
miles. I'm just kidding. I'm just an
investor, economist, and YouTuber. I
have never been in a truck, at least not
in a big one, but I see them on the
highway all the time in the United
States, in Texas, in California, and of
course in Europe. So, I know how
important they are. They transport all
our goods. But this is the future of
trucking. Look at this thing. It's all
digital. It's It's a real Tesla. It
looks like absolute futurism in these
trucks. Here is a comparison, by the
way. Europe versus United States. It's
very similar. The differences in Europe,
they have all these very important
regulations that make a ton of
difference. For example, you're not
allowed to have a light in the middle
because that is terrible. Of course, no
one knows why, but you need to adjust
that. But in Europe, you're allowed to
have these tiny little mirrors that are
cameras. In the United States, you need
real mirrors that increases drag and all
kinds of things. Doesn't matter. It is a
beautiful new truck. The semi is also
very, very productive and very, very
profitable. as a car, right? As a thing
you sell. It is very expensive. It costs
hundreds of thousands of dollars and it
makes a lot of money. In fact, it is a
beautifully productive and profitable
thing. So why is it the semi is now 5
plus years delayed? Why is the semi not
ramping? Why is it not really ramping in
the United States? Why are we left? Why
does Tesla leave us hang out to dry
while everyone is salivating about the
future over this future of trucking and
transportation? Why is this thing not
moving? Why is Tesla delayed all day
long? Why are they not getting this
thing out? Now they're announcing it in
Europe. They have some pilots. It's all
beautiful, but what is happening? Well,
what is happening? And here comes the
dark secret. How you have to think about
these things. What is happening is that
the entire Tesla production is still
bottlenecked by batteries. The batteries
are the bottleneck. And if you know how
Tesla operates, they have their own 4680
cell. They had this special cell that
Tesla developed that they use in some of
their cars exclusively and in other cars
they use it nonexclusively.
So here you see the Gigafactory
battery production has now reached an
annualized run rate of 20 gawatt hours.
And this is the famous Tesla battery.
This battery is beautiful. It is made by
Tesla but it is not the world standard.
It is a battery that Tesla developed for
itself and in the Model 3 and the Model
Y. Tesla also uses Chinese cells and
cells from LG and some other people from
cattle. And these cells work. They are
Chinese cells. actually extremely
competitive and some would say they're
the best cells in the world because
China has mastered the battery
manufacturing game. But Tesla decided
they want to have their own cell and
that is the famous 4680 cell and that is
manufactured with you know dry dry
electrode production process here
February 1st this year Elon tweeted
about that that making the dry electrode
process work at scale which is a major
breakthrough in lithium battery
production technology was incredibly
difficult. Yeah, duh. It has delayed
Tesla 5 years, but they made it happen.
And there are of course tremendous,
tremendous advantages to this thing, but
it's not that they can compete really
with China on battery scale. It is just
a beautiful battery that they now fully
vertically integrate and control. So,
it's a control thing. And of course,
they are trying to manufacture more and
more of these. We have we operating the
first large scale cathode produ
production facility in North America.
It's part of our 4680 cell production
Austin, Texas. Very close to the
Gigafactory or in the Gigafactory. I'm
not even sure if it's inside or next to
it. I don't even know. So, this is
happening and we have to understand for
many reasons. For many reasons, Tesla
has chosen to exclusively use their own
cell in the Cyber Cap. Listen closely.
In the Cyber Cap in and in the Semi and
in the Cyber Truck. So these three
important products, the semi, the cyber
cap, and you know all about the cyber
cap and the cyber truck need 4680 cells.
Whereas the Model Y can do so or so like
the more advanced Model Y use these
cells. Others use the Chinese. And these
sales are now of course supply
constraint because Tesla can only make
man manufacture 20 gawatt of these
things per year and in Berlin hopefully
soon 18 gawatt per year. Now why is this
so important? Because we are because we
are supply constraint on these things.
There is a problem. If you ask rock for
example and do some analysis, you see
that instead of looking at the cars,
instead of looking, oh, beautiful semi,
beautiful cyber cap, you have to do the
math behind it, the economics. How much
money do you make per kilowatt, okay?
Per kilowatt hour. So, if you sell a
long range semi at any reasonable price,
you make roughly $350 to $400 revenue
per kilowatt hour. And if the kilowatt
hour, if the 4680 cell kilowatt hour is
your supply constraint, that's all that
counts. Forget the car, forget the
golden cyber cap, forget all of it.
Strip it all away and just watch that
little battery pack or the very big
battery pack in a semi or the small one,
48 kwatt hours in Cyber Cap, and ask you
a single question. And if you take one
of these little sales and put it into
one car or the other car, what's the
dollar amount? Hey, on this channel, we
do something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. If
these things are limited and you only
have 20 gawatt hours a year, where do
you put the 20 gawatt hours? Do you put
them into semiis and make $350 to $400
per kilowatt hour or do you put it into
a Model Y where you make $550 per
kilowatt hour which is much more or do
you put it and there by the way Grock is
completely wrong or do you put it into a
cyber cap and make $600 per kilowatt
hour if you sell it for 30,000 bucks but
this is actually wrong because as we
have extensively shown a cyber cap at
full operation and deployment will make
you 30,000 not revenue but margin margin
not once but every single year. Let's be
super conservative and say a cyber cap
makes you $30,000
in revenue every single year, which is
totally wrong. That is way too
conservative. But let's say it's $30,000
in revenue every year and you operate
this thing for 5 years. How much does
your kilowatt hour deployed of your 4680
battery make in a cyber cap? Well, it
makes you $600 times 5 years in revenue.
And that is very conservative
underestimating it. How much is that?
$3,000
per kilowatt hour. And now you know why
the semi semi will not scale anytime
soon. because we remain completely
battery supply constrainted.
Unfortunately, even though it's being
scaled by probably 20 gawatt hours per
year output, even if you add 20 gawatt
hours of output every single year, which
I think Tesla will do, but more than
that is nearly impossible even for
Tesla, it's extremely difficult to do
that. Even if they add 20 gawatt hours
per year, they can't keep up. And now
they have the choice. do you make of
that supply constraint battery? Do you
make $3,000
per kilowatt hour or do you make $350?
That's eight times or so less. Eight
times 800% more if you put it into cyber
caps. And even if you put it into Model
Y, you get much more bang for your buck.
And that, dear viewers, is the big
problem the semi has. It's not about
beauty. It is not about does it make you
money. It is about the competition for
the alldeisive
magic thing is this battery here. Let's
go back to the battery so you see it.
This is the magic thing. And when you do
research, can they not just source it
from the outside and so on and so forth?
No. The answer is no. You can't do it
for the cyber cap. You can't do it for
the semi because that's how these
vehicles were designed. Was it a mistake
by Tesla to design it with this
constraint? I do think it was a mistake.
Maybe even Elon said, I don't know if he
said it, but maybe even Elon thinks it
was in hindsight a mistake 5 6 years
ago, 2019, 7 years ago when they decided
to bet on their own battery cuz Elon
thought they can get it out faster. Elon
thought the dry electrode process would
be easier. It took them 6 years, 5
years. He probably thought it's would be
one year or two years. But now it
happened. Now they bet everything on it.
There are also other considerations. you
want to be independent of China, not
just because of tariffs, but because of,
you know, macro risks and everything. So
Tesla is probably okay with a choice
they made. It is the choice that has
been made. It is the big constraint
going forward. And as long as Tesla
can't invent some miracle to scale this
much faster, they will have that
problem. To give you a little bit an
idea of scale, I think they can add
probably 10 to 15 gawatt hours per year
from now on that they have solved these
problems. Maybe they get to 20, but that
would be a big push. Model Y alone can
suck up a lot of that capacity, multiple
sets of 20 gawatt hours. The semi would
use that for 50,000 a year. And of
course, the cyber cap needs much less,
but the cyber cap is also supposed to
really scale like crazy. So the cyber
cap, I think for a few hundred,000 needs
something like a let me see where do we
have this 40. So 25 gawatt here. I I I
looked this up. If they have 25 gawatt a
year, gawatt hours a year in production,
that extra slices enough for roughly
40,000 standard range semi trucks if
every new cell went into the semis.
Cyber cap at the 125,000 a year line. I
think they will need much much much more
than that. They will need millions of
cyber caps very soon. But that is 6
gawatt hours, right? So if you want to
produce 125,000 cyber caps, you need 6
gawatt hours. If you want to produce
40,000 of standard range semi trucks,
you will need 25 gawatt a year because
they eat up 12 times as much or
something. So 50,000 semiis per year
need 32 gawatt hours. And that is a
crazy number. Okay, that is a crazy
number. So they need to basically double
the entire thing. So Texas already has
40 gawatt hours of equipment, but it's
not installed. it's not ready and Berlin
tries to get to 18 gawatt hours in 2027
but Texas doesn't have the 40 gawatt
hours production line installed. So that
is the big bottleneck and with these
kinds of things we are not going to see
an exponential rise in supply and that
is why it's very clear that is why Tesla
does not talk about the semi a lot. That
is why the semi will not scale anytime
soon. That is the bad news. The good
news is the competitor for the semi. The
key competition for the Semi is the
Cyber Cap. And the reason Semi will not
scale anytime soon is because CyberCap
will. And CyberCap makes $3,000
kilowatt hour battery versus $350 to
$400 for the Semi. It's all about money.
It's all about batteries. It's all about
a very limited supply. And when Cyber
Cap scales, that means we as
shareholders get very rich, but poor
little semi cannot scale. That's the
secret. That is the dark secret of the
semi. That is the golden secret of the
cyber cap. I hope that helps. Now you
know the secret. See you very soon.