Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Cybercab Going Nuts, FSD Going Bananas, & Chip Madness on Top... Now I'm Hungry
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyXvpZi8B9Y
Published:   2026-04-24 07:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-25 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone to the Tesla Beat
number 143.
And uh you know what what a week. Um
I'll be honest like you know I was not
expecting such an amazing earnings call.
Um I was expecting you know because of
the delivery miss. Maybe there was going
to be several other misses but man uh
the unexpected happened and I felt like
it was probably one of the the best
earning calls I've heard in several
quarters. Um, and you just really see
this full transition happening. Um, but
Joe and Brian and I know Matthew will be
joining us shortly, but how are you guys
doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm excited. You know, I didn't catch
the earnings call live. I was at an
event. Uh, but I saw the reports uh as
soon as I could sneak away and look at
them. I spent the whole 2 and 1 half,
threeh hour drive home going through
everything, but I didn't hear the call
and I was very excited. I was like, we
beat on a tough quarter. We beat we saw
big revenue. We saw the cash pile
continue to grow despite the best
efforts of the company to spend it down.
And uh and then I see all these negative
headlines saying, "Well, I didn't
appreciate the tone."
Fine. Okay. Well, maybe this world isn't
for you. So, if you'd rather have a
company that's obsesses on rehearsing
and practicing their quarterly earnings
calls rather than building the products
that you want them to build, maybe
you're looking at the wrong company. I
don't know.
Yeah, I thought the uh the tone comment
from a lot of people was really kind of
weird because Tesla's kind of always
been that way and you just have to kind
of just roll with the punches. Like
no matter what, Wall Street never gets
it. You know what I mean? It takes them
like days to freaking just, you know,
process the deck alone and then and then
like that ends up becoming a thing. But
everything that people wanted them to do
that they did before, it didn't really
change much, you know? I mean, like,
yeah, he would shout out numbers and
goals and and all that and and then when
they didn't meet them, it would become a
problem, but it didn't change the needle
like much. You know what I mean? Like,
it would it would bump and then it would
fall back. I I don't know. I think I
think people are just kind of being I
don't know, like just picky about
certain things just because of where we
are right now. But you got to realize
like the future is so bright. There's so
much more tailwinds happening right now
at Tesla's point in history than I've
ever experienced before. Like there just
so much in the in the fire, man. It's
crazy to think about.
&gt;&gt; Well, here's a tailwind for you. uh they
have 27 days of inventory which is very
unusual for Tesla at a time when impulse
buying of cars that don't use sploy
juice is at a is at a recent high people
are looking to get out of their dino
burners and this is uh a time when Tesla
happens to have some inventory and that
inventory I don't know where it is
because I'm seeing a lot of people in
Europe and in the US in terms of cybert
truck saying I've got a long wait I
don't want to wait sever several months
to get my car. But that means to me at
least that we could see a draw down of
inventory in Q2. Uh and there's 16.5
billion dollar worth of unsold cars. I
think we might move a few of those. Uh
and yet even still with this inventory
buildup, with these lower sales figures,
we're still seeing record margins. I
mean 21% gross automotive margin. Who
are you? Ferrari? And then uh it's I
mean Ferrari is like one of the few that
actually maintains a 20% margin.
Mercedes used to have great margins. Now
they're down at 5% 7%. So uh a lot of
people said, "Boy, you guys can spin
anything." Spin my brother in Christ.
I'm reading the slide deck. I'm looking
at the earnings report.
Uh Matthew, welcome back. Uh I want to
get your thoughts in a quick second on
the earnings call. Uh two things. Quick
shout out to uh Insta3. Uh their link 2C
are all of uh our amazing portable
cameras. They really just record in high
um really I mean you can only really
podcast anyways at like 1K, 2K, whatever
it is. But uh with that said, they're
amazing. Check it out. Um and I just
wanted to hit a look. I mean we kind of
you know it's kind of like we went back
to this. It's just you know uh stock was
at 401 and of course in typical fashion
the street you know completely doesn't
see and um you know the the market went
down but I would say overall at least I
remember yesterday all of the stocks are
down but Matthew would love to get your
kind of fresh point of view on um highle
thoughts from the earnings call as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, there's some some positives,
some some negatives. You know, on the
positive side, there was a beat on
earnings. You know, there was the the
one-time hit for tariff refunds um as
well as the adjustment in uh in warranty
reserves. You know, those are both the
good things. We had to pay the the
tariff. We got the money back. So, it's
very appropriate to, you know, count
that towards earnings. um with the
warranty reserves, lowering that reserve
because the cars don't need to be fixed
as often or they're less expensive to
fix or it's faster to spit fix. That's a
extremely positive thing for the long
term as well as for for this quarter.
So, you know, I've seen a lot of
negative uh takes on those two things
online um when people don't really
understand this is, you know, this real
cash coming in and it's lower cost for
for Tesla uh ongoing.
Um I I had no problem with the increase
in in capex spend, you know, going from
20 to 25 billion. Uh it's, you know,
that's an extra what 25%. Um you know, I
want to see Tesla investing in autonomy.
I want to see them investing in um in
Optimus. I want to see them investing in
the Terra Fab. So I I have no problem uh
with that additional, you know, small
additional spend in capex. you know, if
this was a startup and um like OpenAI or
Anthropic and they had 45 billion in the
bank and they said, "We're going to
spend an extra five billion on improving
our AI and investing in our AI." People
would love that. So, and it's it's no
different um no different with Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I I' I'd point out that on a lot of
these companies, you see big capex and
you say, "Awesome. What did you spend it
on? Where'd the money go?" But we've got
our eye in the sky, Joe Teagmier, who
shows us where the money's going. We've
got Zangler in Reno, showing I can see
where the money's going. And we know
what a lot of these things cost. When it
comes to building out another data
center, it costs all the money in the
world because all of the pieces of it
are in short supply, whether it's the
actual cards themselves or the
transformers to make it run. And if
you're looking at low deployment of mega
packs, I found a bunch of them. They're
in Texas right next to the building.
Those are going to be counted soon, I'm
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Abs. Absolutely. So, some of the
the little more bearish things on the
call, um, one was Elon saying that
hardware 3 vehicles will need an update
to support FSD. So, this wasn't
shocking. you know, he's said in the
past, either Tesla will update the
hardware um or they'll make the software
work on those vehicles. So, we knew it
was a very real possibility. You know,
five years ago, he he tweeted that the
earliest cars would need their cameras
and computers um replaced to support
FSD. So, it's not shocking. It's good to
actually um you know, make it official
and create a policy around it. Um, you
know, he has said they're they're going
to build, you know, additional service
centers or he called them mini
factories, which I I think probably
wasn't the best term to use. It probably
scared off a lot of people, but
&gt;&gt; you should have said tents.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But of these these mini uh
additional service centers just for
converting
um the older vehicles to hardware 4. Uh,
one of the really bullish things he said
about that is even if people don't don't
purchase FSD, it's still important for
Tesla to have the ability to upgrade
these cars so these cars can go into the
the fleet. So, um, you know, that that
was uh good to hear. Um, I didn't I
don't love the policy of, you know, you
get a dis if you trade in that car, you
get a discount. Uh, you know, for the
past several years, Tesla has offered
the ability for people just to transfer
FSD from one vehicle to a newer vehicle.
That seems like such a simple thing for
Tesla to do. It doesn't hit margins at
all. It doesn't cost any money for
hardware upgrades. You know, Tesla could
just have a blanket policy. If you have
a hardware 3 vehicle with FSD, you can
transfer that FSD to any hardware for
vehicle. I think it would it would make
life a whole lot easier for their
clients as well as for as well as for
Tesla. And I think on that there's the
fact that uh most people didn't buy it,
but if you def if you did, you
definitely should get that uh transfer.
And that's an easy policy to change.
It's a push of a button to just enable a
transfer, which is why we've seen it so
many times in the past used as a demand
lever. And I do think you absolutely
need to make those buyers whole,
especially if they gave you eight or 12
or $15,000 for the FSD upgrade.
Yeah. And and you know Tesla has uh has
been sued already from from FSD owners
um and has has lost those cases or
hasn't really fought them and has given
refunds for FSD. So why not make it as
easy to transfer FSD to a vehicle that
can support it and avoid any future
lawsuits because if you have all these
little little lawsuits, it's just
burning up so much time for the legal
team or obviously it could eventually
become a class action lawsuit which
would be a big pain. We're also talking
about not a lot of money, right? There's
there's uh what you know one to two
million vehicles um hardware 3 vehicles
that have FSD at most. So, it it's not
um it's not a ton of money. It's pretty
easy to solve.
&gt;&gt; Well, not only that, the percentage of
those people who actually full out
purchased FSD, there's not one two
million people who two million cars who
who bought it. But I I I like the u I
like what you said, Matthew. And I also
think that this was probably one of the
most honest earnings call they've had in
a long time. the the things they were
saying and how they were just being just
straight up real about their situation,
circumstances, and and uh and things
like that were just were just uh I I
don't know. For me, it was just
refreshing to hear them be real with it
and not try to sugarcoat things and not
try to downplay or walk around the, you
know, certain topics. They like just
like just kept it real. But I think
along the uh the Model 3 line, the
hardware three people, I think it was
pretty good what uh what Ashak was
saying about like how you're still going
to be able to have like everything you
have right now with with 14 is going to
happen for those people with hardware 3.
They're just not going to be able to
have unsupervised. But being able to get
in your car, press a button, and go to
your destination, have it park. I mean,
that's really all the people really
really want. You know what I mean? Of
course, you'd love to like be like on
your phone the whole time, but I mean
that's like semantics, I think, at this
point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, indeed. And the the kind of
the biggest negative on the call for me
was um the less uh kind of the more
bearish take on robo taxi roll out. You
know, Elon was kind of hinting at a lot
more caution for the roll out instead of
um you know, the massive growth that he
projected in the previous earnings call.
So, you know, it is you have to be
cautious. Uh, so it's it's not a it's
it's the right decision. Um, but it's
certainly a change uh in how he's
portrayed the growth. You know, we've
seen a lot of testing and um cyber cabs
and uh Model Y robo taxis showing up in
in many cities. You know, personally, I
think why not just dominate a couple of
cities? you know, dominate those big
cities in in Texas and you could
essentially, you know, you could deploy
as many vehicles and totally saturate
those, you know, four large cities,
maybe San Antonio, five large cities.
Um, and it might be a lot easier to
manage than setting up, you know, robo
taxi in all these other cities. Um,
until it's until it's fully solved. Um,
you know, I'm more interested in growing
the number of robo taxis in operation
rather than growing the number of
markets. you know, the markets will come
once uh once it's fully solved. So, I I'
I'd make it easy on Tesla now by
sticking to fewer markets with more cars
rather than more markets with fewer
cars.
I would um couple of things I wanted to
mention um and we can you you you've all
have mentioned several parts you know uh
good and bad but some of the things that
just like you know beat again some of
the stuff was mentioned beats on revenue
earnings per share gross margins free
cash flow record FSD subscriptions
obviously that's because they got rid of
the the um you know the buy upfront
amount at least here in the US and then
just some of the big things kind of
playing on in the background. Cortex 2
is already training. The other big one
too, Optimus factory constructing
kicking off, which I thought was wild
because, you know, the SNX production
line is coming down as we speak. And
yet, they're not only building a
factory, but they're also thinking about
the next generation production line for
the robot. Uh, Cyber Cab production is
officially underway. There was a bunch
of I think the Cyberc engineers, they
were just driving around Giga Austin
yesterday. Uh I think there was even a
video from Tesla the robo taxi that they
put out with like eight of them lined up
and they all have that glossy view as
well which looks stunning by the way. Um
and then uh semi and mega pack lines are
starting through Nevada LFP battery and
new research chip fab obviously breaking
ground. But you know I yeah I personally
thought that this is just like um this
is um you know where you continue to see
that Tesla's not only moving at
lightning speed but they're moving into
um this new book that you know Tesla 2.0
know, right? Um, and they're leaning in
in so many ways and they're just moving
at such a fast speed. So, um, yeah, I
wasn't sure if there was anything there
that you guys wanted to break down
further, but, uh, with that, you know,
we can get, um, you know, go into the
deck a little bit or or look at some of
these stats. Um, Joe, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm happy to do whatever. I
think we can go into the deck because
anything we bring up might be something
you've already got lined up for us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Joe, you want to take
this this one?
&gt;&gt; The numbers are abysmal, you guys. They
just they beat
I I think it's it's so funny when you
when you look at like where Tesla was a
few years ago and then there was all
this talk about like oh man once those
credits go away and once they once they
can't do this and they can't do that and
and yet every single quarter you see
like they're just dominating every
market they pretty much are in and it
just becomes just a a tale of old news,
man. And they keep moving the goalpost
on Oh, well, what about this now? I
don't know. But Brian,
&gt;&gt; what about the sales in Korea? The first
quarter of the month of the quarter,
sales collap are collapsing. Now, I
don't know if they're collapsing, but
the first month of every quarter in
Korea, the sales drop to one or two.
Those are the holdovers from last month
where someone couldn't get their
financing together or was out of town or
whatever it may be. This happens every
quarter. And we see the same headlines
over and over. There are markets where
there's a challenge. Germany has been a
challenge for the last year, year and a
half. Uh but we just heard that they're
adding another shift to catch up with
strong demand. Guys, I I don't know how
else to explain it. Strong demand has
one meaning to me. And then we're seeing
new markets added. Korea, Japan, Singap,
you know, Taiwan. I don't remember all
the markets, but as they're added, the
excitement is there. people who are
viewing Tesla from outside the US, from
outside Western media bias, uh, have a
very different opinion. In China, people
don't think of Elon uh, when they think
of Tesla. They think of Tesla when they
think of Tesla. And that's, um, how
they're able to compete in a market
where their car is more expensive with
fewer features and still sells as many
as they can make. Well, they're losing
market share, guys. the market's growing
and the factory isn't. There's no more
room to build a bigger factory. If they
were still growing their market without
expanding the factory, that would be
really exciting news and it might
require us to learn new physics.
Um, yeah. No, it's it's it's it's
absolutely just just wild. And one thing
I wanted to call out here is that their
capacity is up to about I think it's
2.25 million. I was doing the math. Um
so but I I know that if they had to
expand these and and you know fully run
them. Obviously the Y uh they're going
to be fullying running those but I don't
know if they're you know running these
at full capacity for the Cybertruck.
Obviously they are now with the $60,000
truck that sold out for like 18 months.
Um, but yeah,
&gt;&gt; they they actually aren't they didn't
they that's the capacity based on four
shifts. They're running one shift. Why
they haven't added another shift, I'm
unclear. I think that getting that price
at 60,000 is more difficult than they
thought. They'd rather have a little bit
fatter margins. Maybe they want to push
people to get the dual motor in
all-wheel drive instead, you know, the
the fancier one. So, I I'm not sure what
the holdup is. Uh, but for whatever
reason, they're choosing not to expand
production. I'd like to see them get all
those deliveries out the door and then
come up with another wave of something
that might drive demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; like a like an SUV, like a cyber cyber
SUV.
&gt;&gt; It would. It would. And guys, we know
that Tesla is a car company, right? So
here we're um you know factoring more
factories. Um
so here we have the top left uh they're
building con you know there's more
construction for Cortex 2 happening. Uh
on the right we actually have the AI
training cluster for Cortex 2. The
semifactory
uh the semi- gigafactory or semi
whatever. Yeah, the semi factory is
literally um you know hopefully they'll
start producing this year and then we
now see that they're breaking ground um
on the Optimus factory and I mean like I
said I I haven't se and and the one
thing here is that you know for people
to note it's um most of the people that
are doing the construction obviously
they'll sublet some of the the
construction work out but a lot of the
uh the construction is happening with
their own internal constru construction
team. They're actual Tesla employees.
And that's something that a lot of
people don't realize. And obviously when
you think about the amount that Tesla's
doing now with also to the Terrafab
eventually coming.
&gt;&gt; Um but these are all in-house
uh factories that are being built by
Tesla employees. So um
All right, Joe. Fab the fab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they fab. They're ready to look at
all the Cybert trucks. Really cool. But
So yeah, they're breaking ground on uh
on the FAB, which is I I don't think
people really understand what's about to
happen. And I I mean, you hear Elon talk
about it, but what they are doing is
they are going to be like
engineering a a fab to freaking create
new ways to make chips. Like like that's
crazy. And they're going to be
experimenting and just running through
freaking processes. is going to this is
going to be it's going to be next level.
Man,
&gt;&gt; one thing to note in this picture is
those trucks are not props. Those trucks
are belong to people because they're all
different. They all have different
wraps. You don't wrap your trucks for a
photo op. Uh that's weird and difficult
and cost prohibitive. Those belong to
the people in the picture surely. And u
I talked with some SpaceX folks. I said,
"Terra, what are you thinking?" and they
said, "Well, they have all the pieces
now. Now they've got Intel on board to
cover that huge uh uh competency gap
that that every company struggles with.
They could actually do it." And more
importantly, since then, we saw Samsung
say, "Look, we're going to 4x the amount
of uh DD RAM that we are offering to
Tesla because we" and they what they
didn't say is because we don't want them
to make it themselves. please don't get
into our business. So part of it is a
hedge and part of it is let's make a
product. So if things go badly at the
very least they've kicked the
competition into high gear which why it
wasn't already I do not know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. These things always seem to happen
when when Elon will shout from the
mountaintop what he wants and what needs
to happen and then you end up realizing
that a few years later everybody starts
to be like, "Oh yeah, he was right about
that. We should we should definitely get
into that business."
&gt;&gt; You know, China's listening, right?
There's probably like 10 terafs going up
right now. I'm kind of
&gt;&gt; China's always been listening. They do
everything Elon says.
&gt;&gt; Well, China doesn't have the partnership
with Intel. China doesn't have the
access to ASML's lithography and as a
result China despite spending like half
a trillion dollars without exaggeration
hasn't been able to get below 7
nanometers and you know Samsung's at
three and they're pushing lower than
that. uh it's without all those p those
extremely complicated pieces you don't
have a project and that was my big
apprehension was that I saw you're going
to reinvent lithography
&gt;&gt; I hope you have 50 years or even five
years it's a lot to get done but now
they don't have to do that part uh so it
it now could work
&gt;&gt; yeah
all right So, uh, one other big thing
that happened to Roboaxi, uh, from the
deck itself, uh, paid robo taxi miles
nearly doubled sequentially. Once in
production, we expect the Cyber Cab will
begin to replace the existing Model Y
fleet and will be the largest uh, volume
vehicle uh, in the fleet over time. So,
yeah, I mean, you're seeing it you're
seeing it happen. Uh, I every other day
when I look at
Joe's feed when he's droning, the amount
of cyber cabs that I see out there is
just crazy. And again, the glossy view
of it looks nice because I think I I saw
several cyber cabs like after rain, they
just got kind of like muggy. Uh, as any
kind of car does, but I feel like that
glossy look really brings out that gold
shine. Uh, and really makes them look
and pop on the road. So, but yeah, it's
um, you know, Robo Taxi Miles are are
doubling. Uh they literally last weekend
launched in two brand new cities, uh
Dallas and Houston. Shout out to David
Moss who literally did all three
unsupervised rides in a day across
Texas. I don't know how that guy does
it, but they were able to do three
different unsupervised rides in three
different cities across the state of
Texas. Um and but yeah, you know, a lot
of a lot of great things happening.
&gt;&gt; I would point out that Elon is a liar.
Do you remember that time he said I
don't remember some car one car they
were making is going to be the
bestselling car maybe even in the world.
That was crazy. Do you remember that? It
was the Model Y.
&gt;&gt; He's a liar though. Right.
&gt;&gt; It was a crazy thing to say and we all
said okay may I mean maybe no not maybe
he did it.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I will point out with the, you
know, the glossy finish on the cyber cab
is actually really good for safety. You
know, there's a reason why school buses
are yellow and a lot of ambulances are
either yellow or red. It it makes it a
lot easier to see. So, if the if the
cyber cab is is glossy um versus matte,
it's it's going to be easier to see and
less, you know, less collisions are
going to happen. You know, people are
going to see it and get out of the way
or they're less likely to to run into
it. Um, so you know, with the reporting
on collisions with cyber cabs or or
Whimos, you never know who's at fault.
So, not only do you want to lower the
the incidence of a collision caused by a
robo taxi, you want to lower other
people crashing into them. So, velocity
is, you know, a very small way to assist
in that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And um you know like as I had kind
of mentioned that um you know so not
only I'm glad that they're making that
glossy change too especially because you
know they haven't finalized anything but
just a quick reminder like you know why
would a company like Tesla only make a
two-seater uh Sawyer called out um as
just a like a reminder to everybody
right um 85% of car trips in North
America have just one or two people. The
remaining 15% of trips have more than
two people, but you'll be able to use
obviously the model, the Y robo taxi or
just a couple of them to hop um into a
robin. So, I think that's just a
reminder um of why, you know, I think a
lot of people get that question. It's
like you don't need all the space. The
the trunk is huge, too, especially if
you got luggage or going to the airport.
Uh there's a lot of space back there to
throw stuff into.
Um, and with that said, Joe, tell us
about uh give us some context on the
whole Farzad uh situation and how
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; for those that don't know.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. If you don't know, uh, Farzad,
well, actually, he walked that back this
week. addict. She had a statement
because he had asked directly about the
about the limit the the the vehicle
limit 2500 and and uh Lars responded and
so now he realizes
that that they are going to be able to
produce these without steering wheels. I
thought that was pretty funny. But but
yeah, the um
&gt;&gt; the engineering test vehicles all had
steering wheels and so you see these
actual ones without the steering wheels
because that's how it's going to be.
Bars odd.
And the best part about that is they're
also left-hand drive because they're no
hand drive. The best hand drive is no
hand drive
pretty much. All right. Tesla rules
lowercost police fleet. Who would have
thought? I know here in the Bay Area, um
Fremont was one of the first ones to I
think I think they got like a a used it
was a used Model S that they converted,
but they even posted the stats. Um and
on every level, right? I mean, so in
this case, let's just stick with this.
But at least from the Fremont side, on
every level, like the the car was on the
road more. It was more costefficient to
maintain. Obviously, you you you got the
savings um over time, especially, you
know, you might pay a little bit more
upfront for an electric vehicle, but
just all of the the cost, maintenance,
the gas, and everything else uh you
know, really just paid uh proved out,
and you you're seeing it here. So, the
Cybert truck um handle posted Cybertruck
patrol vehicle is $24,000
uh to operate over 5 years versus the
Ford inter police interceptor is
$85,000. I mean, you're talking what,
3x? Um, and you know, it's really just
um a a no-brainer here. And uh Upfit uh
said it's the ultimate uh law
enforcement fleet vehicle. Uh you can do
all of the calculations. Um but yeah,
it's um it's pretty pretty wild to see
all of this. And um but again, you know,
if if you're running these police
fleets,
it's really just going to make sense to,
you know, save people uh save your save
the citizens um tax dollars on all this
stuff, right? So,
&gt;&gt; if you're saving 10,000 a year in
operational costs, that's a free car, my
friend. And it makes perfect sense when
you think about it. uh electricity is
cheaper than gasoline in almost every
place uh when you're charging, not at
superchargers.
But then there's the no maintenance
thing. There's the idea that you're not
idling all day to keep your computers
running. Uh I had a chance to go out and
talk with Ben at Unplugged Performance
last week along with Danny who is the
police upfit guy and get all my
questions answered. It's not just one
package. It's the package that your
department needs. Maybe you need it
lifted an inch because you're going to
be popping over curbs. They've got
unbreakable wheels. I mean, this is a
great example of uh of a Tesla product
being used, a new technology being used
in a way that's saving taxpayers money.
Um, and of course, if it benefits Elon,
we have to oppose it. Even though it
saves me tax money, these people, I
swear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Absolutely. And in addition to the
savings, there's other utility that you
get out of a Tesla that you don't get
out of a, you know, a Ford police
interceptor. One police officer was
saying, um, you know, they they have a
they're they're issued multiple weapons,
right? They have their pistol on their
hip and then they'll often have a rifle
in the trunk of their vehicle. And he
was saying now they keep their rifle in
the frunk that's locked. Um, and the
reason that's important, you know, one
is it's less likely to be stolen, but if
they're at an accident and they run out
of their vehicle and they're helping
tend to um like a wounded a wounded
person and while they wait for the EMTs,
sometimes they need their medical kit,
which is kept in the car. In the past,
they could not trust sending, you know,
a random civilian back to their car to
get the medical kit because their rifle
would be in the trunk with the medical
kit. whereas now they can send the
civilian back, grab the medical kit,
they don't have to worry about a weapon
um going missing. So, you know, it's a
ve very small thing that that you know,
no one thought about until the Teslas
were were actually being used in market
by the police vehicles,
&gt;&gt; but I don't care about saving money.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; or civilian safety.
&gt;&gt; Joe, you wanna you want to take uh the
elephant in the room?
There's an elephant in the uh yeah so
hardware 3 unsupervised is not possible.
News flash like yeah this is not
breaking news but uh this little known
account back in uh 2021 had asked Elon
you know what's going to happen to 26
2017 Teslas with FSD will they get beta
Elon answered yeah although early
production cars will need camera
upgrades as well as FSD computer
&gt;&gt; excuse
&gt;&gt; all included in the price which uh which
was cemented during the earnings call
this Q1 in 2026 it's uh it's not going
happen, but good things are going to
happen.
But like Matthew says, it would be
better if they just allowed people just
to transfer. That's all people really
wanted anyways. People love their cars
and they just want to get to the next
car. And just transferring their FSD is
like the simplest thing. Keep it with
the person, not with the vehicle. It's
like
&gt;&gt; and a lot of those people are early
adopters. And early adopters, as much as
they loved buying FSD back then, they
want to buy new and exciting things. I'm
glad I hope both are options. I'm glad
that they're offering the ret that
they're planning to offer the retrofit
once they know the actual system
requirements, but I hope they do both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh at least, you know, Oh, sorry,
Matthew. Did you want to go? Oh, okay.
Yeah. Like, uh I bought So, I've had
five Teslas. I've bought um on two of
them. Um, you know, I had I I bought FSD
and thankfully I was able to transfer
them. But, you know, as because I, you
know, I was I got um a Model 3 back in
July of 2018, one of um and yeah, I
mean, as an early adopter, um you know,
you want the latest stuff, like I I I
think it would be for me personally, I
can't speak for everybody else, but to
know that the car is so much better on
the three and the Y now, like I would
just have to upgrade. And so I'm glad
that they're looping back. I mean, Joe,
I think you mentioned this at the
beginning as far as being honest. Um,
and then Matt, you kind of laid in on
the fact that it's like, you know,
what's worth it as far as like, you
know, the money here just to like make
it right. Um, and is it even worth
spinning up some of these like service
centers or, you know, um, little
factories to get all this work done? Um,
but yeah, if you're sitting on this,
like I said, the the three and the Y
have been so updated. And also too, the
value of your car has probably
depreciated a lot. Again, you know,
obviously Tesla is going to do a good do
their best to make good, and I'm glad
they're addressing this. Um, and you
know, the 14 light that you'll get will
allow you to press a button and really
still be able to get kind of get that
experience today. But um for me, like it
was just one of those things like
knowing like if if I still had a Legacy
1, I I know I would probably have to
update just based on all of the
features, the the hardware, the cameras,
um the front-facing camera now that's
come stock on the 3 and the Y. Um
there's just a lot of things now that
just um just make it worth it. And the
good thing is is from what uh Elon said
that you know the robo tax or
unsupervised is running on a 143 variant
and now this variant 143 has pretty much
rolled out to you know all of the you
know to like the Netherlands and to like
here like I guess what I'm trying to say
is they're all on V14 and that means
that you know we're running on the
version where you can go unsupervised.
Um, and you know, this this company's
knocking. Like, I can't tell you how
many times I'm driving and I see
emergency vehicles coming and it's
pulling over. It's doing all of the
things that I critiqued all these years.
It's able to do that stuff now. So, I'm
glad that they're looping back, but I
also think that they need to think hard
about how they want to spend their time.
But, I feel like it was funny. I think
uh Matthew mentioning is like all these
lawsuits. I literally was just opening,
you know, doom scrolling and it's like
boom, here's a new guy, eight years, you
know, he's suing Tesla and it's just he
wants his money back and it's just like,
&gt;&gt; you know, I get why they're settling,
but I think that they need however many
tens of thousands of cars that out of
the two million that have it, they need
to figure out potentially how to make
them,
&gt;&gt; you know, it does it make to set up, you
know, these little mini factories or
should they just go refund them or give
them a really good upgrade program?
they would spend more money making the
mini factories.
Oh,
&gt;&gt; Elon's morality is like is more
expensive than than just just refunding
the people their money back. It's
&gt;&gt; he just wants to do right.
&gt;&gt; I I think that the these, you know,
retrofit factories, they're, you know,
Elon doesn't want to build these because
it will save money in refunds or avoid
doing FSD transfers. I think he wants to
do it to reuse all of those hardware 3
vehicles as future robo taxes. I think I
think whether or not they refund people
or transfer FSD, he still wants all
those cars to be able to put into the
fleet. You know, personally, I think the
cost of building cyber cabs is going to
be so cheap um that it doesn't doesn't
really those older cars is going to be a
a meaningless volume of potential robo
taxis in the future anyway. So, um, I I
would like to see, you know, our
brightest minds working on new products
rather than retrofitting old products.
&gt;&gt; What I what I saw on the earnings deck
that was so surprising was that
170,000
new people became FSD subscribers or
owners in the quarter. That's a huge
uptick. Uh, I mean, times $99 or if they
purchased it, I think the vast majority
subscribed. These aren't people on free
trials. These are the real deal. These
are actual customers. And I think what
that told Tesla is look, if the cars can
do it, people will subscribe. And as it
becomes unsupervised, I could see a lot
of people wanting to buy a $18, $20,000
Model 3 to give to Nana so Nana doesn't
have to drive anymore. You see these
people in their luxury BMWs dropping off
their kids, driving themselves
like commoners. That's not a luxury
vehicle, my friend. If Tesla could take
those three, four, five million
vehicles, whatever it is, probably three
or four, and get 99 bucks out of each of
them, an extra $300 million a month. I
think that would justify the cost of the
minifactories. The upgrades not going to
be that much. The cameras are quite
affordable. The hardware 4 chip is three
years old now. Almost four. It's got
Yeah, it's about four years old. the
line is depreciated. Those chips will be
quite affordable. And then the only cost
is the actual labor, the real retrofit,
which if that's all you do all day on a
mini assembly line, you're going to get
really quick at it. Uh the opportunity,
it would take what 6 months, 8 months,
and my my philosophy would be we're not
going to give give it to you. If you
have never subscribed and you didn't buy
it, we will let you pay for it for 800,
1,200 bucks and then give you a credit
equal to that for FSD. So, in effect,
you haven't paid, but we're not getting
a bunch of people doing it just so they
can get nice chips to rip out of a total
car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's I I I think
they're going to have to think I I I
know that they're think knowing Tesla,
they're thinking about all of this.
They're they're going to ultimately make
uh the best business decision for
themselves. Um they're going to try
their best to keep, you know, customers
in front of mind, but they got to they h
they're going to have to weigh what
makes sense, what, you know, from a time
um from a time commitment, dollar
commitment, all of that stuff. So, I
yeah, we'll we'll have to see how things
go, but this was the first time I feel
like Elon addressed it in a way where he
actually was spelling out, you know,
what was going to happen, how they were
going to take care of this. So, we'll
see how it ends up actually turning out.
Um, but, you know, still a huge update.
And Joe, uh, tell me about how the semi
disruptor.
&gt;&gt; The semi is a major disruptor. No, this
is really pretty cool, man. Like, uh,
Tesla has released the new visuals.
First of all, they did uh these these uh
light shots and then they did some some
dark shots that were really cool for the
so you can see the the how that light
bar looks. But the standard range is 325
miles, long range is 500 miles.
&gt;&gt; And I'll give the ticket
&gt;&gt; encourage everyone to remember that
these are range tested with full
weights. This is not like some madeup
number that that Tesla is just like
flubbing out there hoping that you drive
the right amount of miles per hour in
the right conditions. Like these are
like real miles and
&gt;&gt; and all the tests especially from the
from the drivers has been like really
highlighting that the range is probably
better than what's listed because you
don't always have a full load. But, uh,
Matthew or Brian?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, I'm I'm just excited for
production to start. You know, we we've
talked about this before, but fleet
buyers care about cost per mile, and if
these have the lowest cost per mile,
they will sell every single one. Uh,
they can build. I I think long term, uh,
Tesla probably won't even sell these
vehicles. They'll probably just lease
them out, um, or even charge per mile.
you'll get unlimited insurance,
unlimited charging, unlimited uh use of
everything, and you just get build for
the total number of miles you drive. Um
it's going to be such a clear ROI that
Tesla can capture a whole lot more of
the value. And I think same thing with
Robo Taxi. It's not going to make sense
for Tesla to sell these vehicles to
individual owners.
&gt;&gt; I doing Oh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; No, I was just going to say I've seen it
in person. It looks way better than the
pictures would have you believe. I've
seen the old one and the new one and
it's just like really nice.
&gt;&gt; I haven't seen it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I haven't seen it. You haven't
seen it. I've been doing a lot of
research on electric semis over the past
few weeks. I'm doing a presentation on
Saturday at the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Association drive electric event uh at
or Sunday, Sunday, sorry, sorry I keep
saying that. This Sunday the 26th at the
Daimler Truck HQ in Portland, a few
blocks from where they make the EC
Cascadia. And the thing I keep hearing
from uh manufacturers and from fleet
operators is that right about 300,000 is
the sweet spot. If it's over that, we're
going to need some subsidies or some
incentives to drive that back under 300.
Over 300, the numbers just don't make
sense. Yeah, you're going to save
105,000 a year on fuel and maintenance.
Over 10 years, that's 150 grand.
Great. We could do it at that point. Um,
but if it's over that, it just it dies.
It absolutely dies. Now, what we've seen
from Tesla is that theirs looks like
it's going to be priced in the 260 280
range. It uniquely in the US is the only
one that makes sense to actually adopt
unsubsidized.
And that's before I mean, we may see the
prices come down on it as they ramp, as
they gain efficiencies, as they get all
the pieces moving better than ever.
Prices didn't go up on Tesla, but the
margin did last quarter. If there's one
thing they're good at doing, it's
driving their costs down. And an and a
diesel semi is only going to cost more
in the future, at least by the amount of
inflation. There are no more
efficiencies to gain. Tesla's uniquely
positioned in North America to be the
only profitable EV truck uh to use.
Yeah, people will always go back to the
cost especially when they're thinking
about, you know, buying these fleets as
as you said. Uh, one thought I had,
right, so we had uh what was it 170,000
more subscriptions and obviously that's
just given cuz you know they p they they
push people to either buy it um or you
know upgrade. What do you think will be
um you know we because I think we've
gotten to a point now where you know FSD
has just gotten so good that um you know
all the owners who know know um you
still are seeing that I mean this is
also the Toyota Corolla Camry of the day
because it's the bestselling car but how
do you think Tesla will continue to push
customers or how what do you think if
any will be those big moments that will
help you know those subscription numbers
and the tax rate go up. Do you guys have
any thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I think I was I was
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I just I just really couldn't
think.
&gt;&gt; Stumped everybody. Stumped everybody.
&gt;&gt; Well, I was talking to
&gt;&gt; It just works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Well, I was going to say he was
pretty much saying I was talking to
David last night and he was saying that
he thought it was going to be when they
can go unsupervised and you can press
the button and and and buy that vehicle.
But um yeah, other other than that, I
wasn't sure if you guys had any
thoughts.
&gt;&gt; Just casually name dropping in the
legend real quick. I was with David.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he's at 99.6%
and like 20,000 miles on V14 or
something like that. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, Joe, with that said,
what's the upbeat, man?
&gt;&gt; We are gonna get through the rapid news
segment real quick here. Calling it the
upbeat.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good. All right, Matthew, we're
going to come to you. Neuralink helps
with ALS.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, Neuralink continues to to
uh you know, keep on chugging along and
um you know, deploying more more of
their chips um in patients and there's a
there's you know, similar to autonomy,
right? There's going to be an
essentially an unlimited uh market for
this product. Um I have heard in the
private markets that Neurolink is the
hottest uh the hottest secondary market
to um invest in. So you know th those
those with money and in the know and
have the ability to invest in private
companies are trying to get get into
Neurolink in a big way. Um you know
Neurolink valuation has not run up like
you know the AI companies or or SpaceX.
Um, so it's it's just so exciting, uh,
you know, to see the progress
and, you know, it'll be it'll be
interesting, you know, when we're all
old and gray to see all of the
different, um, you know, the the
different disabilities and illnesses
that have been solved by by Neurolink
and other products.
&gt;&gt; Older and grayer. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian, this one's to you.
Cybertruck is a paid actor. The boys.
&gt;&gt; If you want to look badass, you might as
well go all the way. Uh, this is kind of
fun. You don't see this much, but it's
in part because a lot of these big
budget shows shoot so far in advance.
They're written so far in advance, and
the Cybertruck, uh, you know, was in
limited supply, now you can just kind of
get one. Uh, the Deep out there driving
a Cybertruck uh, being a badass. I don't
know. Uh maybe this is part of his
redemption arc, but I don't think the
writers went quite that deep with it.
It's just fun to finally see it in
fiction. I was expecting to see a lot
more of it a lot sooner,
&gt;&gt; and now I expect to see a lot more of it
in uh Korean and Japanese media because
they're available in those markets, too.
&gt;&gt; Joe,
Tanker EV.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is wild, man. China's first
and world's largest pure electric
container ship set sail. This is uh it's
128 meters. It's freaking equipped with
10 container size batteries. Like what
the heck? Look at
&gt;&gt; 20,000 kilow. Oh my gosh,
&gt;&gt; that sounds like a bummer.
&gt;&gt; It's a mega pack. Just a mega pack
powering.
&gt;&gt; That's insane.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 875 kilowatt motors. That's uh but you
know what like I mean this seems right.
It seems like it should have been a a
thing like a long time ago. I said that
about the semi too. It's just like it's
like why wasn't that done? You know what
I mean? Like with jet skis and things
like that you made the motorcycles like
all these things should have been
electric.
&gt;&gt; The range is is the issue. There's
fairies in I don't remember one of the
Nordic countries. Uh but they have to be
shortrun and charge every time they dock
at the other side. Uh batteries are
heavy and they're expensive and uh the
number of mega packs you'd need to put
on a locomotive to replace diesel
remains prohibitive, but we'll get
there. You can see it coming every day.
And once it works for one application,
that's your new baseline for what's
possible. And that'll continue getting
cheaper and expanding. Just like with
mega packs. In the beginning, they were
only for the most critical applications
in the most difficult and expensive
environments. And now it's getting to
the point where uh you know uh Electrify
America will put them at their at their
charging stations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean a couple things with the
tanker. One is imagine if there's a
natural disaster um in a certain like
port city and they're they're out of
power and you could just you know drive
one of these tankers in and it powerful
in the cities for you know a certain
number of days. Um could literally be a
life-saving piece of technology. Uh, you
know, speaking of, you know, boats and
jet skis, there's a a jet ski company,
um, building EV jet skis, and they're
priced about the same price as a power
wall per kilowatt hour, and they have
vehicle to grid. And they're saying, you
know, most jet skiis sit in someone's
garage, you know, most of the year. So,
these instead of buying a power wall, p
buy one of these jet skis, you know, you
have the same amount of
&gt;&gt; backup energy and then you get the jet
ski for free when you use it, you know,
a dozen times a year. Um the thing about
you know diesel is the power density is
much greater than batteries. So you have
to have a much heavier vessel, much
heavier uh you know jet ski to to have
the same kind of range. So it's tough in
the marine environment. Um you know
especially for like leisure craft, you
know, most people barely use their
boats. They use them a few times a year.
So unlike with a car, the payback on
batteries versus, you know, gasoline or
diesel, um you're not going to get it in
two or three years like you might with a
a Tesla Model 3, you know, it could take
20 years because you're just not putting
a lot of miles on it. But certainly for
like,
&gt;&gt; you know, water taxis uh or shortrun
fairies, you know, it could it could
make more sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And imagine too this thing gets
stuck out in sea. You know, trying to
bring uh a way to charge that depending
on how far could be an issue. But
&gt;&gt; like I said,
&gt;&gt; you just Yeah, you just tug it.
&gt;&gt; Um but yeah, so with that said, uh I
I'll have a slide to kind of like wrap
up at the end, but I just wanted to give
a a shout out to the amazing hosts here.
Um Joe for always prepping a a solid
deck. Um, so make sure you give him some
love. Uh, they're tagged on X. Um, and
then also too, you know, uh, Brian
Futurza, if you're in Oregon, check out,
um, his, um, his panel, uh, discussion
this weekend or not panel, but his
presentation this weekend, um, on
Sunday. Um, and also to Matthew Dr. uh,
give all of these guys a follow.
They're, um, just super thankful for
their time. Um, and with that said, just
to wrap up real quick, make sure you
check out our Substack uh just to get
the latest on um some amazing just news
articles. Um, also too, Nori Family AI
Planning, their new partner of ours. Um,
and then also too, um, I've I'm going to
be posting this my second video of a
Fremont flyover. And this video I go
deep on um the the Model 3 and Y tent
that is literally producing all of the
Model Y's out of the Fremont factory and
just it's crazy to see the you know it
go from the three to and being
eventually converted into the Model Y
tent. But this is literally the the tent
if you want to call it that saved the
company from going from red to black.
Um, and then of course, you know, if you
want to look as cool as Joe, uh, make
sure you check out our our merch. Um,
but with that said, we will catch you
guys all next week and thank you again
for your time and we'll see you next
Friday.
&gt;&gt; Take care.
Good.