Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       3 Huge Trends Are Converging Around Tesla!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfWNcw9Zukk
Published:   2026-09-21 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-21 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Billionaires Ron Baron, a legendary fund
manager, and Jeff Bezos, the founder of
Amazon, as well as JD Vance, the US vice
president, all said the same thing this
week. The future is AI, robots, and
energy, and every road leads to Tesla
and SpaceX. First, Ron Baron on CNBC, he
says the time to buy Tesla is now.
A,400,000 people use FSD, growing 55% a
year. His car even stopped for a duck
and six ducklings. his words,
"Everyone's going to want it." Second,
Jeff Bezos. Everyone worries AI makes
humans redundant. He totally disagrees.
AI will create a labor shortage instead
because we have an endless set of things
to invent. Think about what that means
for Optimus. Third, Vice President Vance
quoting Elon directly, "China generates
three times the electricity America
does, and we have to build more power.
That's Tesla's energy business he's
describing." Fourth, the receipts.
Samsung's Texas foundry just started
prototype production of Tesla's AI5 chip
with mass production around year end.
And finally, Tesla connected the dots
itself. AI scales with energy and mega
packs are the foundation already in 65
plus countries. Three visions, one
direction. We'll get into it. We got
Larry Goldberg joining us today. He's a
serial entrepreneur and has been an
active venture capital investor for the
last decade. Check out lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we got Ron Baron. We got JD Vance.
We got Jeff Bezos. Uh let's listen to
what they've been saying in the past
week. Here's Ron. He was interviewed
again on CNBC. Says a lot of the same
stuff, but uh one thing he does say is
uh uh you know, he's already put all in
himself, but that uh he's uh never sold.
And then he says this is the time to
actually buy. So let's listen to what he
said.
&gt;&gt; Too much time in Tesla, but I think
Tesla is the time to buy the stock is
now. uh all this FSD is is catching on
and it's going to be bigger and bigger
and bigger and this is going to drive uh
you know they have a billion a million
four people now we're on this driving
they're growing 55% overall uh increase
a year and and everyone 55% of the new
people they're getting it are buying
this with the uh with a self-drive
&gt;&gt; and uh it's going to be everywhere. Are
you buying more if you think this is the
time or do you think you're overexposed
or at least as exposed as you want?
&gt;&gt; 30 billion in
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He says he's not going to buy
more. What's your thoughts, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Well, Ron Baron has, you know, he's a
legendary investor.
He's uh had an incredible
career and it's not over yet. I mean,
he's only 82, so he's got a way to go,
but I mean, he's he's a legendary invest
legendary investor investor, and his
success is somewhat due to Elon. So, um,
you know, I'm I'm following in his
footsteps. I I we own um Baron's uh
stock. We own Baron Partner stock,
actually, is what we own. Um, I guess
they're funds, they're not stock. Um and
uh we've done very well with them. We
bought them originally many years ago
because they had a huge component of
SpaceX in the Baron Partner Fund. It was
the only access we had at the time to
SpaceX. Since then, we were able to
invest in several uh SpaceX uh direct
SpaceX investments and and some SPVS.
Um and so you know we that way we were
able to acquire a direct SpaceX exposure
but Baron funds have done very well for
us very very well for us and he is
extraordinary. I've been to one of his
conferences and it's it's a lot of fun.
Um at my age I don't go to these
conferences anymore but it was a lot of
fun being at the one that I was at. Um,
and what was amazing to me at that
conference was on the first day he
actually ran he was on the stage the
entire day. I mean it was extraordinary.
Here is this 80, well at the time it
wasn't quite 82, but here is this 80
year old person just managing the
intellectual backwards and forwards with
all these CEOs of all these incredible
companies.
Just an incredible performance. I'm
amazed by it. But anyway, back to the
back to his thesis. I'm aligned with his
thesis 100%. These are going to be the
most amazing companies in history. Tesla
and SpaceX and obviously
when they combine they're going to be
the greatest company the world has ever
seen.
&gt;&gt; When uh Larry he the way he positioned
it he was just interviewed and he says
time to buy Teslas now but then he also
says the reason is the FSD people are
using FSD it's growing 55% a year. Uh
what do you think about his thought
process there? That was the one reason
he gave.
&gt;&gt; I like his thesis. I I like his thesis
100%. You know, I'm a avid FSD user. I'm
I'm at uh 98% in my car over the last uh
11,000 miles. So, I use the car
consistently only on FSD. And that you
know the the 30 or 40 m actually is
almost 70 mi now of the 11,000 is on on
is just you know parking or getting out
of a difficult space or just uh re
reparking the car actually when when it
doesn't park into the parking space I
prefer. Um, so I I'm aligned with him
and look, our elderly population, you
know, I gave a I gave a talk at our
retirement community here the other day
about FSD. And the result of that was
many couples, more than several couples
went out and bought Tesla FS for its
FSD. Why? Because as we age, so our
driving skills are not as good as we
want them to be. And so having FSD makes
a huge difference. And we have an aging
population. For all these reasons, I
think he's right on the money. When
people discover just how good FSD is,
boy, that changes their style. My son
has just ordered a Y. He's waiting for
it to be delivered. Why? because he had
to borrow our y to go on a road trip to
take some of his employees on a road
trip to a you know a place that he
couldn't fly to that he needed to drive
to and he wanted it to use FSD so he
real he realized this is crazy I need I
need a Tesla
&gt;&gt; I need this car
&gt;&gt; this is going to happen more and more
and more in fact it's happening more and
more
&gt;&gt; it is happening it's it's a demand
driver now he says this I don't want to
spend too much time on Tesla but I think
Tesla the time to buy the stock is now
all this FSC is catching ing on and it's
going to be bigger and bigger and
bigger. This is going to drive you know
they have a million4 pe four,
million400,000 people now on this
driving growing 55% overall increase a
year and 55% of new people that are
getting it are buying this with the
self-driving is going to be everywhere.
&gt;&gt; I agree 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do think that uh FSE is now a
demand driver. I think that it's so good
now that people are willing to recommend
it to others and that when they get into
it, they're it's no longer this uh oh,
you know, this mistake, that mistake,
you know, it's it's now almost perfect.
It's almost perfect at this point. It's
crazy. And then FSE version 15, that
could be it. Maybe that's from Yeah,
it's very
&gt;&gt; from we're hearing from other people.
Um, I'm just going to play a little
quick funny thing about uh him talking
about his own FSE experience.
&gt;&gt; And uh on Sunday mornings uh we go to
breakfast uh in a little joint at the in
East Hampton and we have pancakes and
French toast and cereal and orange
juice. And uh I overslept on Sunday
morning. So I said, "Oh my god, I'm
looking and no one's here." So I
take a quick shower, run out to my car.
that's in the garage. Uh, I didn't
remember the address. I pushed the name
of the store we're going of the
restaurant we're going to. Uh, it says
self-driving. That opens up my garage
door. Pulls out backwards. Drives around
my driveway, which is really long. Opens
up the gate to front of the property.
Opens it up. Drives to the, you know, a
little bit more to the street. Looks
both ways. Pulls on to the street. Makes
a left-hand turn. Goes for two blocks.
Makes a righthand turn. goes for two
blocks, then makes a lefthand turn, and
I'm not even paying attention. Makes a
left-hand turn and all of a sudden stops
short. I say, "Oh my god, did I break
something?" And then I look out and I'm
watching the front of the car, and
there's a large duck walking across the
road with six little ducklings behind
it. It stopped for the ducks. And then
the ducks pass. The car starts up again,
goes to Main Street, makes a right, goes
into the parking lot, and parks right
next to the restaurant that was having
breakfast. Stop for ducks. This car is
unbelievable. My sons have driven from
New York to here. You drive in New York.
You have to try this car. I'll get you a
car to try if you want it.
&gt;&gt; I won't. We're going to do it.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Not for me, but but uh
&gt;&gt; everyone's going to want it. And he says
it's like driving a horse and buggy if
you don't have this at some point. And
your son is going to be this is great
for children. Children have to learn to
drive.
&gt;&gt; Such a worry that I don't want him, you
know, worry about him worry about other.
&gt;&gt; Don't worry about this stuff anymore.
This is really cool. You got to have it.
So that's that's Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting.
&gt;&gt; Not for me guy. They're not I mean, can
you believe it in this day and age? Not
for me. And this is supposed to be a car
guy. I mean, my goodness.
&gt;&gt; I mean, clearly he's biased, but I mean,
the point is, okay, A, he won't even try
it. You got to try it. B, it's like it's
now safer. So this he he was his
argument was, you know, now you have to
watch it and all that. Like no guy is
like it's now safer if you care about
your family and all that. But anyways,
okay. It's okay. It's not everybody has
to get it. And uh but it's just
interesting that obviously there's a
huge group of people who won't do that.
Yeah. Yeah. I hear it all the time.
There's a huge group of people who uh
really just don't like Elon, think that
he's the devil, whatever. and then they
won't ever buy his car. But my answer is
well that's fair because what 50% of
people hate them, 50% love them and all
the cars are being sold anyways. Do you
think that will change or that will
always be there?
&gt;&gt; Look, the political situation in our
country right now is so fraught that I
think there's always going to be an
element of that. Um I think you know
there I I don't think it's going to it's
going to have too much of an impact on
sales. I think there are enough people
who need it, want it, and will will buy
it. But you know over time even those
people are opposed to it they'll end up
taking the cyber cab they'll end up you
know getting a robo taxi they'll end up
understanding the capabilities
and in the end that will pass.
I mean it will pass.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like for me it's like uh
somebody I don't know the exact numbers
but somebody uh pointed out that uh
solving driving accidents 40 40,000
people died last year on an on an
accident forget the three plus million
that you know are severely injured but u
it's almost equal to how many people
died of cancer I don't know if that's
true in the US I don't know exactly if
that's true but the point being that you
are so upset with somebody that you
don't want 40,000 people no longer
dying. And so you should, you know,
fine, don't don't do Tesla, but support
self-driving, you know, and have more
people check out self-driving. Okay,
let's talk Jeff Bezos. So, a lot of
people hate Jeff Bezos, and a lot of
people think he's um, you know, they
think that he's a billionaire doing all
these things. First of all, I want to
play what he said about um AI, but also
uh there's this article written says
Jeff Bezos earned his Amazon furniture a
fortune. The Amazon's founders
innovation saved customers 22 hours a
year on averaging, giving them the gift
of time, but obviously the productivity.
Just like for example yesterday instead
of me having to go out you know spend
four hours picking up a um prescription
it would just arrive same day right so
it's fantastic and u by reducing the
times people spend shopping managing
inventory and building infrastructure
Amazon has created consumer surplus that
far exceeds Bezos's personal fortune and
Elon said valid point welldeserved
praise you can tell something is
generally good when most of the world
would be upset if it went away that is
true of Amazon and And let's listen to
what he actually said about his belief
about AI and what it's going to do to
the world.
&gt;&gt; Place people necessarily. It's going to
be a tool for engineers to use.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. Really valuable.
&gt;&gt; I know there's a lot of concern that
many people have, including many smart
people, that AI is going to make humans
redundant and so on. I I totally
disagree with this point of view and I
think in fact AI is going to create a
labor shortage because it's going to
make it possible for people to identify
more problems. We have an endless set of
things to invent
&gt;&gt; and we are only limited today. We are
limited not by our imaginations but by
what we can actually do. I promise you
every single person in this audience has
had an idea for a new business or a new
product or a new device that they wish
they could manufacture
and that idea stayed in your head and
went nowhere. And the reason it stayed
in your head and went nowhere is because
it's too hard to do and it wasn't worth
it. And if we can accelerate the dream
build loop, all of the ideas will then
become possible. And then we end up
being limited not by our capabilities
but by our imaginations. You can already
see this with
you can already see this some with vibe
coding, right? You know, I was
classically trained as a computer
scientist, but three years ago, I was a
terrible computer scientist. I got but
now I can in just an afternoon write an
iOS app and and and I have some ideas
for iOS apps and and that that be that
is one thing LLM can do very well
because it is symbolic and so they can
code very well and then imagine the
tools that they're thinking about
bringing that that I could in an
afternoon do that in the physical world
and you know contemplate something and
magically it comes off my 3D printer. I
I'm chomping at the bit. It's It's so
exciting.
&gt;&gt; Well, they seem to be very optimistic
about AI. They're certainly not AI
doomers. What do you think, Larry?
&gt;&gt; I'm a great Jeff Bezos fan. You know, I
I owned that Amazon stock for years and
years and years and uh to this day
through the fact that I sold it, you
know, at the peak in the in the COVID
years, um I should have I should have
kept it. I have a huge huge amount of
respect for Jeff Bezos and I think you
know he he he's got such sense such a
great sense of the future. So I really
respect his his thinking and his ideas
and he's absolutely right. You know
here's a thought. One of the things that
AI is going to do is put these damn app
developers out of business finally
because you're not going to need
somebody to develop an app for you. Your
AI will do the app development that you
need for the functions that you need.
That's that's my view. which means that,
you know, we'll be able to save all
those hundreds of dollars a month we're
paying for those damn apps that we
really, really do not need to be paying
for. Anyway, that's just a pet peeve of
mine. But getting back to Jeff, I mean,
the guy is absolutely solid. I I agree
with him 100%. I think we're in this
next great industrial revolution or the
next great digital revolution and uh
mankind is just going to be a lot better
off with what we're going to get out of
AI. Do you think he's right though that
AI will create a labor shortage because
we have an endless set of things to
invent? So I I think that there's
obviously many different kinds of people
and some people have what I call agency,
right? They have the ability to to act.
And now what he's saying is that yeah
there's people who don't have agency but
because everything's so easy now you
just verbally tell something hey uh you
know I'd like to have an app and it's
recipe app. Okay. And then I go sure
okay boom and here it is. It's like it
makes it easier and then they might do
more or do you think that there are like
the vast majority of people really are
not inventors or you know idea idea
people. He says everybody in his
audience has had an idea could be true.
I'm inclined to align with him rather
than with you. I think
&gt;&gt; everybody has agency in a different area
and skill, a different sense. I don't
think it's fair to say that no that only
some of us have agency. Agency is really
um
you you know is multifaceted.
You can have agency in some areas and
zero in others.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so I I think I think it's
unfair to say that only some of us have
agency. I think it's fair to say that
some of us have agency in some areas and
others have agency in other areas
because just to get through life you
have to be s somewhat independent to a
degree independent in many areas. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, um I I think he's right and I I
don't think it requires every one of us
to be inventive. I don't think it
requires every one of us to use AI, but
those of us that do use AI will become
dramatically more productive and that
productivity translates into lower cost
for others. So, you know, evolution of
capability is not uniform. It varies,
you know, over people, over area, over
geographic areas, over nation states and
so on and so forth. But ultimately any
economic activity that lifts some people
up or some group up or some nation up or
some geography up ultimately lifts
everybody up because that's the nature
of economic activity.
&gt;&gt; That's what we say.
&gt;&gt; So I I'm I'm very comfortable that he's
right.
&gt;&gt; The end of the article uh said this um
the moral case for Mrs. Abbezzo's wealth
doesn't require blind admiration of his
business acumen. It requires arithmetic.
If Amazon saves each customer 22 hours a
year, his fortune passes the Nordhouse
test. If it saves more than that,
society receives far more than he keeps.
It's easy to resent the billionaire.
It's easy to ignore the saved hours. But
the hours matter because time is
limited. It is our most precious
resource. Count the time saved and his
fortune becomes less mysterious and much
more defensible. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I mean that article is saying exactly
what I said a little bit earlier. You
know, one person lifts up a group of
people, everybody gets lifted up. That's
the whole point of economic activity.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh just a quick thing before
we move on to um Oh, why did I throw it
here? Okay. No, Jeeoff, let's let's
listen to Oh, I think I think I threw in
here, which is just a quick thing about
um there's movement with Tesla's AI chip
text foundry plant in Texas. The
prototype production has begun. So these
ideas mass production of the products
can begin by year end or early next
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not sure where the news came
from, but it's interesting that we've
heard this news um at least from Tesla
Chan. Um prototype chips do not
necessarily mean early delivery.
Prototype chips can often mean the
beginning of a cycle of re of of
improvement or debugging and stuff like
that. So we have to be a little cautious
about it.
&gt;&gt; Good point. Uh but if if these are
truly, you know, production level
prototypes, then that's very much faster
than I'd expected. Very much faster.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I don't know why I threw
that story in. That was weird. Uh back
to our, you know, uh the big discussion
here. JD Vance uh was interviewed and um
this is what he said about the
requirement for power which is required
for all that AI that we're talking
about. can't just stop building because
of it. What you've got to do is build
the things that you need, specifically
power. So, you know, Elon talks about
this all the time, but I talk about it,
too. If you look at the amount of power
generated by the PRC, the People's
Republic of China, and compare it to the
amount of power generated by the United
States of America in 2005, they crossed
the line, meaning they started to
generate just a little bit more power
than we did in 2005. And since then we
have effectively flatlined and the PRC
now generates three times as much
electricity as the United States of
America does. I think that a lot of our
problems um are downstream of that
fundamental problem and we just have to
build more. We have to build more power.
&gt;&gt; I think um did they not uh announce also
that uh that is going to be an
initiative for the United States is to
focus on building more power. Right.
&gt;&gt; Undoubtedly. I mean that is our great
deficit right now. To think that China
went 3x in 20 years, two decades, 3x and
we flatlined. I mean that is
that is the most devastating
you know statement you can make about
this whole notion of allowing China to
build for us and to manufacture for us
and we consume it. So this power deficit
actually
you know is is an indication of how we
have to do a leaprog. We have to get
beyond this issue of how to build power
here on earth. We have to get that power
from from the sky and we have to do it
very quickly. We have to find ways to
actually build very big rockets to send
huge satellites up to space to capture
all that energy and to send the data
back to Earth. I wonder who could do
that for us. I don't know. Hopefully
somebody steps up the game, right?
Somebody out there. Uh talking about
power, you need to store it in some
batteries. Mega packs are the foundation
for energy abundance. built at our mega
factories in California and Texas and
deployed in 65 countries across six of
seven continents. Is mega packs
succeeding at this point, Larry? Do you
think it's
&gt;&gt; the growth of AI is fully dependent on
how we power it? And mega packs are
enabling for that to happen at scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, talk about eating your own
dog food. I mean the the largest I think
the largest installation of mega packs
right now are at SpaceX's um um data
center. So yeah I mean it's essential it
is absolutely essential that we that we
build as fast as possible. Mega packs do
not supply power. What they do is they
store power and they balance the the
grid. They help balance the grid. So
they're critical part of building out
this power supply. But ultimately
ultimately we need to build out build
our industries out in space because
that's where power is free. Energy is
free I should say.
&gt;&gt; It's good to see. Okay. Well, here we
go. So we talked about um you know Jeff
Bezos thinks AI is going to be good for
society.
You you you saw um Ron Baron think that
FSD is going to be a driver for Tesla
and you got JD Van saying, "Hey, we need
to build more energy." So, and AI, it's
got to happen. Where are you? I guess
you are definitely an access
accelerationist, not a doomer. Um
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm an accelerationist because
if you go back 2,000 years of recorded
history, you go back 5,000 years of
recorded history, man has only advanced
when he is able to actually generate
power and deliver energy. And and that's
been the basis of, you know, all of
industrial age. And even before the
industrial age, we we used, you know,
mode of power by people and by animals.
And so we're just going to have to find
the means to deliver energy in the form
of knowledge
and mode of capability. And the more we
can the the greater the good.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Larry. You're my AI. You're
my LLM. I ask Larry. Ask Larry. I get my
answers.
Uh especially space technology. You're
the man. Thank you so much, Larry. Check
him out at his website lumisenti.com.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you David.