Channel:     futureaza
Title:       It's over. It's done. April Fools is in the books. 8hrs and counting, so we gotta wrap this up
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDfl3VUEPUA
Published:   2026-03-31 06:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-03 08:50 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Happy April 1st everybody. What is going
on? We're going to find out soon enough.
First, we're going to talk about
production and delivery expectations
with my buddy Herbert from Brighter. He
is here. I have uh tricked him once
again into joining me. I don't know how.
And then, of course, we do have some
news on 14.3. We're going to actually
start the show with that. H Bryant,
welcome to Futurazza. And if you're
watching this uh you know, live uh what
is the joke? because I promise nothing
malicious, no misinformation or lies.
It's going to be something and the
pieces will come together quickly.
&gt;&gt; Oh, secret. All right.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's such a secret only
dozens and dozens of people know because
that's how many people it took to put
this together.
&gt;&gt; If you're watching it on the replay,
maybe you already know. Hey, it's all
good. Hey. So, uh I don't know if you
know, but uh yeah, we've got production
and delivery to cover. But first, 1413.
14.1. Oh, that's an old Wait, when is
this? Oh, that's October. I did the
wrong one. At any rate, uh 14.1 uh 14.3.
Tell me what you have heard.
&gt;&gt; Well, Elon posted uh this morning saying
that it's coming. It's uh that it will
be it's being tested right now by Tesla
employees and that it's probably going
to go out wide release by this the end
of this week. He said by the end of this
week
&gt;&gt; and what's in it? 14.3. I mean, we will
find out, but he has previously promised
that it's supposed to be the what was
his words that he said, right? It's the
it's the last big piece of the puzzle
and it's what it's supposed to be
reasoning, a lot more reasoning. I think
we've seen some reasoning already in
14.2, but just little bits and parts.
This is supposed to be a lot more. I
don't know what that means. We can talk
about it. And uh Ashoka Swami was saying
that you know this is I I I got confused
about where we were supposed to see a
10x in parameters
&gt;&gt; and it could be here. It could be this
one that has everything's just kept
being delayed. So now I'm not sure but
&gt;&gt; you know all of that sounds very
exciting. Hey first I feel like we need
to share the num nums. Uh this is uh
Tesla doesn't often put these out.
Sometimes they they always compile them.
Whether or not you and I get to see
them, bit of a different matter. Here's
the expectations for Q1. Uh and this
isn't Tesla's expectations. This is not
their guidance. This is the uh Wall
Street consensus. total deliveries 365
645
uh against a production of
well I mean it's right there somewhere
but uh but deliveries of 365 645 with
slightly better all deliveries uh all
other models numbers than last quarter
uh but much lower than in previous
quarters. Uh what's what's your take on
this?
&gt;&gt; Sure. So 365 that's a street consensus
right or at least the 20 plus people uh
analysts that have given their
estimates. I've seen other street
estimates of 350
351.
I think I've seen that others you know
few analysts will say we're expecting a
324 or or Gene Muner came out and said
that if it's 324 or higher that's fine
the stock will do just fine. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And he's his reasoning is that it's the
first time the first time we're going to
see an actual metric where it's kind of
clear of stabilization after the
expiration of the IRA credit in
September. This is the first kind of
quarter where we're going to see that
happening and we're going to know what's
truly up and what's happening. So, what
that's actually a good setup for us
because you know the these guys are 365
which is higher. I I'm I'm expecting it
to be lower than this. It's never a good
idea whenever the analysts come out with
their estimates this high and then oh my
god they missed estimates again but I
think that this case it doesn't even
matter if it falls to 325 which is what
Gene Munzer is saying himself is
expecting it to be a lot lower than that
actually but he doesn't he doesn't uh he
doesn't matter to him
&gt;&gt; well that makes me very uh nervous about
my numbers which I will share
&gt;&gt; as we go on through this uh and uh I do
love the the phrasing though that oh
Tesla missed our expect no you did bad
math my friend you are not a good if if
if Tesla is way off in either direction
from what you estimated right
&gt;&gt; I don't know get better analysts quick
reminder April 18th at the Tesla diner
I'm going to be there uh that's the sort
of thing I just love uh I just talked
with them over the weekend they're
having me do a quick presentation so if
you want to learn a whole bunch of
stuff. Uh, I've got a very concise like
10, 15 minute presentation. I'm going to
be doing tickets on sale now. Tesla Club
LA. I do these because they're fun.
James Stevenson, friend of the show. Uh,
&gt;&gt; the indicator climbs past 877. My
deliveries forecast sits at 377 251 on
production of 42069.
Nice. And I predict Tesla will celebrate
cumulative production exceeding 10
million vehicles by Halloween.
Uh that's exciting. Do you think 377 251
might be too high for
&gt;&gt; it is I mean I I am not expecting it to
just to be this high. First of all, it's
January. Did you see this one? I think
it was AJ or Yeah, AJ post posted this
out which is funny. He showed a uh a new
a sort of um a media headline and the
media headline says, you know, uh
Tesla's Q1 sequentially is going to be
lower than right expected to be lower
deliveries.
&gt;&gt; Well, of course, because Q1 is always
lower than Q4.
&gt;&gt; So, that is a very misleading headline.
I think it's going to be a lot lower
than we're expecting. It is expected to
be just normal, right? China it's
holidays January December January is
much lower pe chance for people to buy
cars it's going to be lower
&gt;&gt; all possible I will uh point out I could
probably got to move my screen a little
bit so I can see what I'm doing here I
will point out that uh China sales
jumped 91% in February on low comparison
&gt;&gt; uh because you know we had some
retooling going on but the numbers out
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Last year we had the retooling
very low sales but uh to double I mean
that's pretty good. Um but I'm seeing a
lot of other uh things that would
indicate stronger than expected sales.
Uh if you look at Roland percher's
number it's absolutely does fantastic
work. Uh he what are your prediction
mine is above and that is
&gt;&gt; that is the optimist's consensus. Uh but
yeah uh but we are seeing really good
numbers in a handful of markets, not all
of them. Uh the China numbers have been
solid. Uh Germany doesn't report its
numbers in a timely fashion. They're not
required to. Uh so Germany would be a
big question mark. Uh but in China at
least, we have the resurrection of the
uh buyer credit. It expired at the end
of December. that made a big December
push, but uh there was a new one that
was issued. Uh it's not as generous as
the old one, but it still exists.
So for perspective, I think we should
look at previous quarters. This is Q4 of
25, 434 production, 418.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you're thinking it's going to fall
by that much?
&gt;&gt; I'm not thinking. I'm just for me it's
it's whatever the street says. I don't
care if it's below it. Um, doesn't
really matter.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, but even still, you think
nowhere close to 418.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No,
&gt;&gt; I I agree because uh Q4 is very strong.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Even though we had the expiration of the
IRA,
&gt;&gt; Q1 is just a weak quarter for automotive
sales. We go to Q3. I mean, we can't
even talk about that. That's that's the
expiration of the IRA
&gt;&gt; plus the end of summer which is a good
good time for sales generally second
quarter now we're into some numbers
where we're seeing um supply crunch
where we're seeing uh the ramp. So even
with the vehicle the Model Y ramping it
was already at 384. You don't think we
could we could deliver more than that
when we didn't even have enough supply.
&gt;&gt; Really hard to compare Q1 to last year's
Q2.
&gt;&gt; Well here's Q1 of last year. 336.
So we're thinking it will be better than
that but only just
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point. I mean
when was the actual uh right when did
they redo red do retooling? It wasn't in
January, right? It was in probably the
last month of the quarter.
&gt;&gt; It was in Q1. Uh I don't remember the
exact month now, but I think it was I
think it was
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was. And it varied by factory.
I mean it came out in China first, but
uh so
&gt;&gt; that's a good number. Yeah, we could
probably expect it to be around that or
even a little bit higher maybe. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because they were still able to
produce 362 during the ramp,
&gt;&gt; you know. Yeah. And and I think the Iran
um you know the gas crisis kind of thing
that happened after it won't reflect in
this Q1, right?
&gt;&gt; People buying more EVs.
&gt;&gt; Uh Solo says uh Q1 of 24 not 25 was 386.
M so that's uh gives us a different
benchmark. Now uh if these meatdriven
sales continue to fall Herbert you know
I don't know if you how the Betamax
numbers are doing but Betamax sales are
just I mean people even even DVD sales
are down that must mean that no one
watches movies anymore.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty sure that's how the math
works on that. Uh, are we worried about
meat driven vehicle sales?
&gt;&gt; Well, I I did a show recently on this
and and you know, I'm not worried about
it because in the sense that Bears, they
they position this as, of course,
Tesla's a car company. Everything's
falling apart. It's all based on
promises. That's how they position it.
But yes, car sales do matter because
these aren't cars. These are AI's robots
on wheels. Every AI robot that's out
there is going to be available for robo
taxi. So yeah, I do want to see higher
sales. I'm not worried that the business
is crashing and things are worse. And
also this year, uh, I'm very confident
that this is the year where FSD's gotten
to the point that it's so good that it's
going to break through and finally
people will truly understand that it's a
real value ad, not just, oh yeah, I have
to pay extra money for it. It might have
me a little bit of extra value. I think
this is it. This is the real big deal.
We're starting to see a lot of skeptics
post uh videos of them being shocked at
how good this is. And when 14.3 lands,
that could be the kind of like that next
level of just perfect uh experience and
wowing people when they drive it. That's
what I'm hoping for and I think that
that will be a driver. At the same time,
this is the year where you're seeing uh
all the legacy autos pull back. Not only
did they have multi-billion dollar um
you know uh write write offs that they
did last year but now they are no longer
producing their EVs to those to such an
extent that you know here in the United
States Tesla's sh market shares popped
right back up to over 60% which is what
it was or three years three or four
years ago when you know we were before
there was any competitors the
competitors came and the competitors are
leaving. Well, this could be the year
that truly uh just that alone should
sales should go up. But now you've got
this driver that's going to make it even
better. Literally
&gt;&gt; a full driver.
&gt;&gt; Uh but don't you miss waiting for gas in
line?
&gt;&gt; That's also going to be a big driver,
right? If gas prices really skyrocket, I
heard that the oil uh barrel per oil
went up another 20 bucks or something
and it's over 100. This is not going to
look good on a gas um tank prices, but
that could change, right? So,
&gt;&gt; I'm not going to count on it.
&gt;&gt; Of course, uh just a quick happy
birthday to Apple, 50 years old today.
&gt;&gt; Your midlife crisis is showing uh
because, you know, they've made some
interesting decisions. Uh so, when it
comes to uh autonomy, I agree with you.
I believe that there's a very real
chance that when as more people see FSD,
they become believers. Uh you and I have
had experiences where we get someone and
force them to sit in the car with us,
maybe even put them behind the wheel
&gt;&gt; and say, "Let's just go and uh from 14
&gt;&gt; let me let me give you a very good
example that is right uh close to home."
So my own sister, so I have uh two
brothers and a sister, both brothers
bought Teslas, including myself, three
three plus years ago. And we've all been
telling her, you know, you need to buy a
Tesla. It's such a great car. My one of
my brothers has many cars and he has
trucks, he has, you know, you know, f,
you know, Porsches, those kind of cars.
Um, but he just said once I had my Tesla
Model 3.
I I can't drive the other cars anymore.
But anyways, uh, so she is, uh, they're
dieh hard BMW, Mercedes, German cars.
That's that's all they've ever bought
all this time. And in fact, last year
she went and bought another BMW. And uh,
and I said that or sorry, Mercedes. And
I said, "That's okay. That's fine."
Right? um you know I didn't press her or
anything that I just said hey this is a
car now in Canada it does cost a lot
more to buy these cars and so I said
yeah that makes sense but I kept telling
her I think that when these are are
self-driving the value of these cars
will not go down it will go down now
it'll recover and in fact it be worth
more at some point uh you want to buy a
smart car not a dumb car she didn't
listen she went and bought her car which
is fine not a big deal but now she's
buying a Model Why?
&gt;&gt; And the reason is because I've been home
um this Christmas and uh you know
several several times this month and
she's seen the car drive us pointto
point no matter where we go and wherever
I took her it would go just perfectly
fine in Vancouver, Canada. So now she
realizes yeah this thing is incredible.
So, this is a person who's a diehard
loyal brand loyal, you know, somebody
who's not very tech-savvy, but now saw
it for themselves and uh just it's it's
it's like a done it's pretty obvious you
want to buy a smart car, not a dumb car.
&gt;&gt; It's uh an easy deal to understand. Uh
Vancouver, by the way, for those who've
never been, has a variety of roads. It
has very nice wide roads. It has very
painful, skinny roads. It has roads
where there's sometimes parking in the
right lane and sometimes not. Oh, and
now you need to make a left turn even
though there's no signal. No, you just
got to wait and do that while people are
scooching around you and your car will
do the scooching around. But I would
argue it's an unfair comparison because
coming from a BMW to a Tesla, either
way, you're not using the blinker. So, I
mean, easy transition to make
&gt;&gt; the BMWs, what they whatever
they call them. Yeah. By the way, I dude
I had a BMW, too. So, was I
&gt;&gt; I had a BMW. I've had one. The But there
was something wrong with mine. There was
like this flashing light on the dash
sometimes. I'm like, "What on earth is
that? Check oil. I don't know." And then
&gt;&gt; that's the thing about FSD, though,
isn't it? It's like the most polite
thing. It always does uh the the turn
signals. I I don't use turn signals when
there's no one around me. And my wife
would say, "How come you didn't do
that?" And I said, "There's no one
around us. Why would I turn it on when
there's no one behind me?" But
&gt;&gt; FSE does it all the time regardless,
right? So, it is the right the proper
way.
&gt;&gt; Well, you don't know if there's a police
officer sitting in a parking lot right
there watching this intersection that
you can't see. I've had plenty of times
like that where I uh am on the highway
and I encounter a speed trap and I look
down, I'm going three over, four over.
I'm like, "Yeah, not today." Uh, so I
didn't I realize now I didn't give my
number yet. My uh delivery number is
372. My production number is 382. And I
did want to show some thinking on this.
Now, this is uh back in the crazy
quarter when delivery speeded.
&gt;&gt; Can you show that one solo? Do you run
reds when there's nobody on the road?
Yeah, I do. You know what I did? One
time I had my uh I had my very young
daughters in the car and we had their
very young nieces in a car and we
happened to have to drive drop off my my
my father, their grandfather to their
home and it was late at night. Okay,
there's just one of those weird 11
o'clock late at night in one of those
far away suburbs. And so we're driving
I'm driving back home to my sister's
house and there is a red light and we're
waiting there in the red light. There's
no one there. It's like near midnight.
Okay. And I'm driving these little girls
and I said, you know, what should we do
here? Do we stay or don't? And I went
and they screamed, right? Oh no. Oh no,
it's done. And I it was so I explained
to the you know like what is the intent
of these red lights right is to prevent
accidents. Um you know I mean it's like
you I don't need to follow the law for
following the law. I mean so maybe I'm
wrong. Maybe I'm wrong. I told my sister
you know what I did to to them. Was I a
bad uncle?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. What did I teach?
&gt;&gt; Right. Well first of all yes but that's
not why uh ice cream for dinner. Come
on. Uncle Herbert. what are you doing?
Uh but yeah, this is that's kind of fun.
So, so what I wanted to point out here
was in Q3 we saw deliveries that
exceeded production by a mile. They
cleared out everything they had sitting
around. Um and then in Q4, we saw that
production exceeded deliveries by 15
17,000.
And I'm seeing people believing that
we're going to uh have that happen
again. That uh we're going
&gt;&gt; we could have a big beat. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, that we're going to see production
grossly in excess of uh I I've seen some
numbers suggesting that. It's like
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; they don't just stockpile them for the
fun of it. I know that Cybertruck has no
stockpile, but I went by I assure you I
have a friend who was looking to get his
all-wheel drive by the end of March and
so he could get his transfer not on a
economy Cybert truck but on an all-wheel
drive and they could not find him a
model. Now I was able to reach out to
some people I know and get him paired
with a vehicle at the last second. uh so
delivery times uh you know they do not
just have endless inventory sitting
around. So I do not think I think that
that is why production delivery being
close together my delivery number 372 my
production number 382
&gt;&gt; this is why this gets very interesting
this is the quarter we're going to find
out something big right which is that is
traditionally how they do it they keep
their inventory days to be very very low
sometimes even 9 days but of course it's
19 days on average and so forth very
very low industryleading but this
quarter we have the potential now to
introduce those Model Y is those extra
cars that they produce to robo taxi
&gt;&gt; depending right if it roll it truly
rolls out. This is the corridor where if
we see production higher than delivery
&gt;&gt; maybe they are stockpiling it to put it
into service in Robbo taxi.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to say the number one be too
small to notice. Even if it's a thousand
I don't think we really notice it
&gt;&gt; in these numbers. Uh but that's, you
know, that's fine. Uh we did have the
other bit of big news today that we
needed to to mention.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um Space 10 just filed for IPO. I'm
pretty sure I said that right. Space
Shia just filed for IPO. Uh what's the
story there? What's going on with uh
with that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we we knew that this was
about to come. Uh it is April and SpaceX
uh confidentially filed for IPO. That
was the report at this point and I think
it just means that they're on track to
actually do the the full IPO in June.
Lots of news has been flowing out the
most recent in the last few days is that
Elon allocated 30% of this IPO to
smaller investors to retail investors.
And at first people said that it was
going to be Morgan Stanley's Erade only
and then uh they're going to not offer
to Rob Robin Hood or SoFi. Elon said
that is that's that is false. So I'm
assuming he meant to say that no we will
let Robin Hood, SoFi and Erade share
this to smaller investors to
participate. This is a big deal because
30% of the of the shares typically
almost it's like this is unprecedented.
Most IPOs they only do 5 to 10% to
retail. Elon knows that he wants to have
not only to reward the retail investors
but he knows the power of the retail
investors. if he has more, you have more
of a power to control the votes in the
future. Those kind of things. So, I
think that uh it's a big deal. This is
going to be the largest IPO ever in
history. The new number is $1.75
trillion market cap. The new number is
maybe $75 billion raised. Uh I don't
know whether or not I'd sell I would not
sell my Tesla shares, but if you know
and and I still believe that there will
be a SpaceX Tesla merger anyways. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But, you know, if there's going to be a
2x, 3x on this before that merger, might
as well get in on it. That's what I'd
said in an expose recently is I do have
some other things I can sell. I'm not
going to sell my Tesla shares, but if I
have the opportunity to buy SpaceX at or
before IPO, I feel like I might have to
be crazy not to. Um, Kevin, in the
spirit of uh April 1st, says Ford has a
Starship killer.
And we joke, but Honda does have a
rocket program. Uh, it's amazing. You
can watch this rocket lift off. You can
watch it touch down. And then you watch
a man walk up to it and he's about as
tall as the rocket. You're like, "Oh."
Perspective. Uh, so that's uh pretty,
you know, it's funny. We love to joke.
Uh, we do have some folks watching it
live trying to figure out where is the
twist coming. Surely it is April 1st.
There's got to be a joke in here
somewhere. And there is you will find
out soon enough. Um and of course
anything anything happening today? Nah,
probably not. Who knows? Um so on
on the story of the numbers, I would say
that at the end of the day, none of it
matters. Um and I don't mean the end of
today. The end of today everything
matters. But I mean, a metaphorical day
&gt;&gt; because
&gt;&gt; when I showed you the deliveries from
the past four quarters, uh, nobody
nobody in the comments went, "Oh my
gosh, what on earth?" Uh, it's it
doesn't we look at the longer term trend
line. And if IBM's sale of mechanical
cash registers was dipping at the dawn
of the computer era, no one was
concerned because they understood that
we're entering a new era. Oh my gosh,
did you know that Netflix has ended
their mailing out DVDs business? It's
the end of the road.
&gt;&gt; HSBC just did a note out there and they
are saying that they see the stock
falling 60% more than what it has
already done by 19% by the beginning of
this year. They say because of falling
auto sales and they think that the
others are just uh you know stories are
being told for something that's going to
happen way in the future. So yeah, there
are people who do
see it the other way. I think that when
we look at you said at some point these
vehicles could go up in value. If you
look at the used market that's already
happened. We've seen since the
expiration of the IRA the value of used
cars climb about 10%. Among electric
cars because uh part of the used car
value is what can I buy it for new? And
if what you can buy it for new has
jumped by 7,500, then you're going to
have uh a stronger resale value. That's
what we saw during the pandemic was used
cars selling for more than new cars cuz
you couldn't get a new car. So, you had
to get what you could and sometimes
that's a used car. Uh, and I do think
I've seen a lot of people suggesting
that with these high oil price, this big
shock high oil price, this is going to
have a lasting trend of pushing people
towards EVs. I'm not convinced. We've
seen these high oil prices before and
the second they're gone, people go,
"Wow, what I really need is a is a a
suburban the size of a tennis court to
drive my family of three around in." uh
they have short they have it's amnesia
man
&gt;&gt; it's pretty weird
&gt;&gt; and it takes time to shift production
priorities to shift I mean it takes time
to make them even if they had all the
factories going right now how much could
GM improve or increase their electric
vehicle output uh and for that matter
how much could Tesla maybe we're about
to find out tomorrow morning which I
will also be live streaming uh which
sounds easy enough until you come to
understand the scope of what we're doing
here today, which at some point will
become apparent, just maybe not yet. Uh
any any thoughts on other manufacturers
and their deliveries because we are
seeing
&gt;&gt; legacy scaling back on EVs, emerging
markets surging ahead on EVs.
&gt;&gt; Who's who's the smart one? you wouldn't
know it because you don't see these
mainstream media announcing. Uh but we
have been reporting left, right, and
center. Every car company, they're in
big trouble. Um Honda, Nissan, Porsche,
they're all in trouble. Um they've just
I don't know how much longer they can
last. They probably survive for a little
bit longer, but just not looking good.
They have they don't have they're
pulling back on any EVs. That that is
number one. and then they're going back
to hybrids and we'll see how far that
goes. But this is the big year when FSD
becomes a real thing. And you know
there's car companies out there that are
all saying the same thing now which is
uh self-driving or advanced ADAS is now
table stakes. They all have to have it.
So if you don't show that you've got
something like this even if you've got a
hybrid that that alone will be the year
this is the year I think that that's
going to become much more apparent. Mhm.
I was at the movies yesterday. I uh saw
an ad for Jeep at the beginning of the
before the movie started and the ad uh
it's for the Jeep hybrid and it said
with over 500 miles of range. It's like
&gt;&gt; oh so we're including the gas and the
Oh, that's dirty. And I've seen that
before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With Toyota. I think they were
saying, "Oh, 600, 700 miles of range
because they want you to cross shop it
against electric and be like 300 miles.
What if I don't plan to stop for 4
hours?" My friend, my friend, you're
going to stop. Uh, but you don't.
&gt;&gt; What's the longest road trip you've ever
done without stopping?
&gt;&gt; I know, right? It's absolutely crazy
when you look at it that way. Well,
without stopping. I don't think I've
ever done four hours because I am a a
human who doesn't pee in bottles or
sharpen jars.
&gt;&gt; There you go. You You had to say it
live. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I had to say it. I had to say it, guys.
It's the first, you know, it's late
enough in the show that you can you can
tell these truths and get away with it.
Um, so that is tricky. We're seeing
emerging markets selling a lot of uh a
lot of EVs, trying to just skip the
whole step, especially for a developing
country where the gas station
infrastructure may not be sufficiently
robust to sell millions of cars and
service them. Why don't we just skip
that step entirely? Um, and you know,
not have to move big tankers around, not
have to
move electricity through the straight of
Hormuz. I'm told that's uh quite the
quite the challenge.
&gt;&gt; And these challenges are not without
cost. If we look at MegaPAC just a few
years ago, nobody on Wall Street was
modeling the revenue. And here we are,
it's it's churning millions of dollars a
day in profit. Um which is, you know,
tremendously valuable. And what I would
say on that is we've got uh a lot of
costs, a lot of expenses, a lot of
tricky things. Tomorrow morning, we're
going to find out what these numbers
are. And it's going to be it's going to
be tricky, difficult, and frankly
exciting. And when it comes to Tesla,
the thing is they've got a lot of
expenses coming up. They've got a lot of
uh big projects uh between dojo uh not
dojo, between uh chip fabrication,
between mega packs, between bots,
between autonomy of all sorts. And the
question I have is how on earth do we
control the cash burn? And uh joining me
to answer that question is my buddy
Herbert from Brighter. Uh Herbert,
welcome to the show. It's so great to
see you. Uh
&gt;&gt; what's going on? Okay,
&gt;&gt; controlling cash burn is the question.
It is the name of the game. Uh if you
look at uh some skeptics go as far as to
say the implosion isn't done yet uh
because they are concerned about high
high cash burn. And if you look at Tesla
invests 2 billion in XAI, reiterate,
cyber cab production starts this year.
Tesla's got a bunch of things that they
want to spend money on. And 44 billion
is not a uh a trivial amount of money.
It's significant. It's substantial. It's
nowhere near the, you know, Google or
Apple cash piles, which has allowed them
to throw around money like it's uh like
it's kindling, which would make sense
considering the conflration that
results. Uh, but what we're looking at
is some expensive stuff coming up uh
between in-house chip fabrication uh and
the other things I mentioned. Semi,
that's a small one. cyber cab. If they
plan to keep cajillions of those in
house, we're going to need some money.
This little fell here, I don't know what
this is called. It's probably no big
deal. Uh, and of course, you know, the
terapab is going to need cajillions. So,
let's go through them because my
question to you is, how on earth do we
control the cash burn?
&gt;&gt; Start busy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I've been asking the exact same
question the last few few days. I've
been asking Alexander Mertz and Larry
Goldberg. you know, they they announced
in an earnings call, right, that they
were going to spend $20 billion this
year. Is that enough? That's not enough.
But, uh, the way that, you know,
everybody's answered this is, uh,
Tesla's very, very smart about how they
spend money. They're very, very frugal.
They can get so much more out of very
little money, a lot less money than
others do. And so this is something that
they're able to then it like and the
other thing that that Elon and Tesla
does very well is they don't spend the
money until they need to spend the
money.
&gt;&gt; So when they announced that they've got
20 now, now they've announced that
they're going to do terapab. It's not
that they need 25 billion to build this
terraab this year. They're going to be
building the small factory the the
technology testing factory first. That's
what they're going to build. And then
for the other ramp and so forth, right?
They've already spent the money by the
way for the cyber cab production line.
that's that's already here that's
already developed
&gt;&gt; as they need to ramp that up. They've
they've talked about you know going to
the money markets and getting loans and
so forth. So there are other ways not
using just the 44 billion but I'm pretty
confident in our CFO and their ability
to manage money. The one one of the best
man financially managed companies in on
earth is Tesla. Um, you can see this
table that uh
&gt;&gt; that Alexandra puts together and Tesla's
actually almost always at number one in
terms of all this metrics, six different
metrics of how you compare one company
against the other. And you know,
Google's right up there with Tesla, but
everyone else is just horrendous how
they handle it. So, I have pretty good
feeling they understand what they need
to spend money on, but it is a lot. It's
unbelievable how much is on their plate
today. Well, we're going to go through
them one by one. Uh because, you know,
uh why wouldn't we? Uh but I did want to
say that uh I see a lot of criticism
that Tesla does not spend enough on R&amp;D
from people who do not know how the
company works, from people who do not
understand uh what they're doing, what
they're up to, how it's all structured.
Uh, I have met people at Tesla in the
R&amp;D department and so have you because
everyone is is the R&amp;D department.
Absolutely. Everyone who works there.
You hear stories uh when we were kids,
you'd hear stories of the guy who worked
at the company and had this brilliant
idea and they just wouldn't listen to
him. So now he's a a billionaire because
he went off and invented it on his own.
That should have been the property of
that company. They're the ones who
fostered that inventor to make that
thing. they just couldn't see it because
you're in the wrong division. Uh so
before we go one by one through them, I
would like to say that on April 26th,
we're having an event in Portland,
Oregon. I will be giving one or two
presentations there. I know I'm going to
be talking about electric trucking,
semis, the benefits, the players, and
all that. And we will have rides in the
e Cascadia available. That's pretty
neat. I'm looking forward to that. Join
us, won't you? And in the case of
Herbert, I know. No, no, you will not
because Portland is too far for such a
&gt;&gt; You get around, dude. You really do get
around.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. So, let's start easy. I have
zero concerns with Tesla's cash burn in
regards to semi. The factory is about
done. At least in the first wave. It
doesn't appear they have much interest
in keeping a substantial number of them
inhouse. They would just be selling them
and selling them at a positive margin.
Maybe not the first five or 10, but
certainly by the time they're hitting
even a few dozen a week, they will be uh
above their cost of goods sold. Any
concern on cash burn with semi?
&gt;&gt; I don't I mean factory build is some
cost at this point and now like you were
saying they're going to scale this up. I
still do think uh expecting that they
will get to 50,000 run rate if not the
end of this year somewhere the second
half of next year. But like you said,
they already have orders. These are high
margin, high cost cars, right? 200. What
is it? 255,000. 299 $299,000
for one of these.
&gt;&gt; I've seen 24 260 to to 300. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I think that uh this is
going to be one of those things where
they get the money in time for them to
roll it out. So it should be should be
fine at this point.
&gt;&gt; I agree on that. Now, on this little guy
here, yes, we've built the the factory,
but what we haven't done is uh consider
how many of them will be kept in house
because if you're going to keep them all
in house,
&gt;&gt; you're going to have a big uh cash draw.
Uh is it possible that that fairs alone
will pay for future models within the
next couple years? CERN CERN has modeled
this out quite extensively and we've
looked at it left, right and center and
what's shocking about these uh cyber
caps again it all there's so many levers
you have to pull right price
availability
uh efficiency all those things but I
mean he's showing sometime some of his
numbers show that this thing could start
paying itself off in 6 months
&gt;&gt; but I I don't agree
with you there's some sort of imbalance
here between How many of them do you get
out? And when do you actually start
getting enough to pay off the cost of
that car? You don't get it as fast as
you would with uh with selling the car
directly to somebody else. But if they
finance it through their own their own
financing, then it could actually right
the monthly payment could actually match
the revenue that you get per month. So
what we don't know is maybe that's how
they're doing this is that every one of
these cars they have a financing
agreement a le some sort of lease
agreement or something you know some
sort of financial structure.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Well, and I think you would have to
have a monthly recurring service charge.
That is part of it. That is uh for the
management on the back end for the
remote safety whatever. And even if it's
just, you know, similar to OnStar where
you've got one person per thousand or
10,000 cars, fine. That would be but you
still have to pay it. And I know people
have said, "Well, I'm not going to you
can't make me buy something that I can't
then use without a subscription." Yes,
you can. In business, yes, you can. I
mean, even your Starlink dish, you
bought the dish, you still have to pay
to use it. That's not hard to imagine.
Uh, but in commercial business, that is
not uncommon. I've seen chargers
installed at apartments where the
company charges you to put the all the
stations in, all the handles in, and
then charges you an ongoing management
fee forever to update software, to do
maintenance, whatever it may be. And in
some cases, it's just updating the
software and repairing material defects
like you would expect under a warranty.
So, that's not that crazy. And my
question to you, Herbert, is I know
we've heard 2530,000.
Would you pay 40?
&gt;&gt; Wait, so you're assuming that you're get
Are you asking a question of whether or
not they're going to sell this car to a
consumer this year?
&gt;&gt; No, that's not what I'm asking. I'm
asking would you pay 40
early on? If you get one of the early
ones, would you pay 40?
&gt;&gt; I pay way more than 40. Yeah, this thing
this thing could Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What we've got is a BOGO
situation. For every one we sell, we get
to keep one because the cost of goods
sold is nowhere close to 40. And if
they're ramping quickly, the cost is
going to fall quickly. And you and I
have discussed this. I don't remember
what your number is, but mine is before
they hit insane volume, before they hit
Model 3 volume, they'll be down to 17
18,000 cost of goods sold. Meaning, if
they're selling at 25, they've got a
good margin. But at if it's 17,000 and
they're selling at 34,000, which is a
heck of a deal, they get a BOGO for
everyone they sell, they get to keep one
for themselves. That puts their cash
burn at zero.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that'll be next year. I think that
that won't happen until next year. They
they he'll have some sort of ceremonial,
okay, I sold one car to somebody this
year, but I don't think that that's in
the plans until at least second half of
next year.
I think they should sell it to Marquez
directly and at the same time go ahead
and shave him.
Hey, it was a deal's a deal. We didn't
propose.
&gt;&gt; He'll love that. He'll get huge views.
&gt;&gt; He would actually love that and I think
everyone would. Even the people who hate
him would appreciate him being a good
sport.
&gt;&gt; Come on, Marquez. Buy one. Uh it'd be
hilarious. But I think that what we
would see is a short-term uh cash draw
down as they start putting them out, but
that it would be short-lived and before
too long would reverse the trend and
begin adding to the cash pile once
again.
&gt;&gt; So in terms of controlling cash burn,
I'm not super worried about
&gt;&gt; I think it's a loan. He he's already
said it. The CFO already said that we're
going to reach out to the financial
markets, get a loan.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if they need to. it. The
loan would be affordable. It'd probably
be in the 3 to 6% range, but I don't
think they need to, but we'll find out.
And it could also be a securitized loan,
meaning a nonreourse loan, a recourse
loan for the bank, but uh you know, it's
secured by the value of the vehicles
themselves. I think that's something
they could do. Now uh controlling the
cash burn you'd said that uh why don't
we do chips next
&gt;&gt; because remember they are like we you
the whole theme of this show is that
they're spending so much money and all
over the place. So what when it comes to
first the robo taxis and then eventually
the bots they're going to do it through
a loan.
&gt;&gt; Now every now and then a comment comes
in that's so good that I just have to
share it. Selling one to Marquez is
splitting hairs.
That's good. That's good.
&gt;&gt; I do I do like that. That's quite good.
Uh on the Terraab, you were saying,
well, you know, they're not going to
build the whole thing at once, which of
course not. That would be that would be
too big. That would be, you know, that
would that would be premature. You do
need to grow into it. But even the first
steps are going to be monumentally
expensive getting just buying the
equipment which and I've uh had to
remind people of this that while China
has spent an estimated half trillion
without reaching the sub 5 nanometer uh
cap development stage. That's in part
because they're not allowed to purchase
the ultra uh the what is it the ultra
the ultrav.
Uh, so there's the lithography equipment
that is im embargoed that they're just
not allowed to sell into China. The US
can buy it. Tesla and SpaceX can buy
that equipment. That will save them well
hundreds of billions in development
money and maybe someday they'll develop
their own, but they don't need to in
order to reach the kind of uh complexity
that they're looking for. But even still
25 uh billion
&gt;&gt; well 25 billion first of all is the
total amount for building the factories.
Secondly this is a joint project between
SpaceX and Tesla. However I did actually
bring up the point that they made it
very clear the CFO made it very clear at
the Q you know the the Q4 earnings call
in January. He said that we've the$20
billion dollars of R&amp; R&amp;D money that
we're spending this air cap spend that
we're going to spend this year does not
include spa uh terra fab or solar. So
where is this money coming from? Uh but
yes number one it is a smaller factory
that they're starting to build not the
big one. And then two it is a joint
project between SpaceX and Tesla. And
three remember Tesla SpaceX is about to
go IPO. So if and it looks like because
they actually filed confidentially today
in April, it looks like that that June
date which was ridiculous by the way
that that is saying the first time
somebody said it's going to happen in
June, everybody said there's no way
that's like so fast. That's is lightning
speed for a company this size to go IPO.
But this is you know Elon and uh so they
were they're going to raise 75 billion.
That's part of why he's going to go IPO.
He needs to build the terapab. He needs
to get cash. So when that these are like
temp you know they're just moving money
from one side to another until that
comes into play which could happen by
the end of this year which is months
away. So yeah that's kind of one of the
answers. Mhm. So I would uh express
extreme caution on that because if you
look at what Samsung and TSMC spend to
build a factory to make chips, a chip
fab, a foundry, um they already know how
to do it and they're still spending
vastly more than 25 to 50 billion. and
uh and not for you know uh ginormous
places but for you know uh normalsized
uh foundry kind of places. I think it
may end up costing more than people
think. And of course when I say that I
get people on social media and in my
comments saying yeah but you don't
understand Elon can do the impossible.
It's like, yeah, but cutting 70 to 90%
off the cost of building something
they've never built before is a tall
order. Uh, anyhow you slice it on the
tariff. Uh, are you do you have cash
burn concerns?
Uh, yes, that is the question I've been
asking the last month, which is this is
supposedly not part of Tesla's road map
for the year of spend.
And then he announced it sooner than
&gt;&gt; we expected. And then he said that
there's an actual smaller, you know,
facility that they're going to build and
then that they're already now finding
locations for it. And I was like, where
is this money going to come from? This
is not supposed to be part of this, you
know, 20 billion dollars that was uh
allocated for this year. So unless
SpaceX is going to shoulder most of that
and then until you know until the actual
IPO money comes in.
&gt;&gt; Indeed. And where would you even put a
factory this big? Hear me out. This is
going to be controversial.
Pave Delaware. I kid I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good idea. Buy Delaware
and pave. Apologies to the good people
of Wilmington. Uh, now there's finding a
contiguous piece of land of this size is
a bit more challenging, but Texas is, I
would remind everyone, quite large. Uh,
if you've ever tried to drive across it,
you know what I'm talking about. It
feels like you're trapped in a science
fiction movie where the world has no
edge and you just keep going uh forever.
Uh, so I have not driven across Texas.
I've driven many, many hours and just
gone a little ways. So, that's kind of
fun. Uh, I would point out that uh
Austin and uh Houston are only a few
hours apart, but so is Austin and the
other side of Austin. It's uh very
paradoxical. I don't understand it. It
defies physics is what test is what
Texas does. So, I have big concerns
about cash burn in regards to Terraab. I
am hopeful having seen the cancellation
of Dojo that Tesla does know when it
makes sense to keep going forward and
when it does not make sense to keep
going forward. And at the very least, we
know that there is some competencies in
house that have been learned along the
way or will have been learned from the
partnership with Samsung. That's a big
deal in Texas. Uh can you give us a
quick overview of what makes the chip
deal with Samsung and Texas different?
&gt;&gt; Well, number one, the
uh semiconductor fab that Samsung is
creating is miles away from Giga Texas.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tes Tesla and Elon have negotiated
that everything that they make it's all
earmarked for Tesla and then they it
initially I reported that it was delayed
to the end of this you know to the
beginning of January but then they also
reported that they're going to in double
how much they're making. So it's like
this weird thing where it was delayed
but then it's actually going to be
doubled by next year. And then they also
announced that they're going to have a
second fab in Texas.
&gt;&gt; So these guys are that Elon has
basically said, "You guys need to build
more and you need to build double, you
know, go and create a second fab. We'll
buy it all."
&gt;&gt; And that's what he's truly doing and
that's what they've announced. So
hopefully that comes true.
&gt;&gt; And I want to walk the line.
&gt;&gt; He walks the line. He has an office
there apparently. So he has learned what
he needed to learn about how Samsung
does things. And so now he announced
Tarap and he's got his different way
approach. He's going to kind of cut
he'll cut all sorts of un unnecessary
processes and steps and you know some
people some analysis said that there
might be a way that he does not even do
lithography at all but and then I've
seen him make posts saying that you know
that that eluded that he will be doing a
lithography.
I don't know what uh the alternative
would be, but the best lithography is no
lithography.
&gt;&gt; No lithography
&gt;&gt; potentially. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, and we joke about that, but there
are a lot of things that Tesla has done
where
&gt;&gt; once they've done it, you step back and
go,
&gt;&gt; of course. Of course. Like the cross
beam in the front of the Model 3 uh
Model S Plaid for stability is the air
canister. Of course it is. Why wouldn't
it be? That makes so much sense. Uh we
do have people suggesting that Elon
might be Johnny Cash. We don't know
because he will walk the line. That is
uh factual. I've decided that that is
now part of the the reality in the
&gt;&gt; Johnny Cash.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh meaning uh that uh
eventually everything's Tesla in Texas.
Uh so the assimilation of the state
continues. Um, all of that is true and
good. And I'm not surprised that Elon
has an office at the Samsung place. The
guy's got to sleep somewhere. So, that's
uh very silly and not actually true.
Hey, uh, what's this little fell doing?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's going to throw the phone.
He's going to try to catch it. Is that
what's happening?
&gt;&gt; No, just just that.
&gt;&gt; Throw me the phone. Throw me the phone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Come on, bro. Come on. Hey, no
pictures. No pictures. That's it. But
yeah, what I you and I have had many
discussions about how this is going to
go. Are they going to sell them? Are
they going to lease them? Are they going
to own them and just rent out the
service? But if they decide to do the
most profitable thing, it will be to
keep them and lease them out uh rent
them to people.
&gt;&gt; They can't they can't keep them. Uh so
the the problem is that okay so how many
employees work in every giga Texas in
every te uh gigafactory right
&gt;&gt; right 130,000 if you include the white
collar so probably 80
&gt;&gt; factory yeah so how many robots could be
use useful in each gigafactory
&gt;&gt; 30,000 total among all across all
&gt;&gt; globally right okay let's go with 30,000
I agree with that that's a that's a good
number so 30,000 what is their plan 1
million per year line.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that 30,000 they should be able
they could do that theoretically by
let's say middle of next year
&gt;&gt; you know worst case scenario
&gt;&gt; or
&gt;&gt; sure
&gt;&gt; realistically. So what I think is going
to happen which means that they cannot
absorb all of the the ones that they're
making and especially if it's limited
capability right we don't know yet if
it's for sure it can do pick and place
it can do some activities within a
factory but
&gt;&gt; you know don't expect it to replace
every employee quite yet right
&gt;&gt; so that means that they will have to
sell this to SpaceX and to sister
companies and to suppliers but if you
add those guys up still let's let's go
ahead and you add them up. But I think
what's going to happen now is you're
going to this is a potential catalyst by
the way. Imagine a day by the end of
this year, by the end of the start of
second half, first half of next year
where you hear this announcement that
Tesla has partnered and just like Semi
did with, you know, five major
corporations who have now ordered a
100,000 of each of these bots that
they're going to roll out over the
course of three to five years, but
they've already signed an agreement with
Tesla that they've reserved it. they
want to be first in line and that they
uh start paying for it. So, that's
what's going to happen, I think, is
you're going to hear those kinds of
agreements and that's how it's going to
pay for pre you're going to prepay for
the bot before it's even delivered to
you.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Certain amount.
&gt;&gt; So, so what I'm saying is not that they
would keep them to do Tesla work or
SpaceX work, but that they would uh own
them and just lease them to all the
customers. Yes, I think that that I mean
he has said he'll do both both models is
what his reply was to that but yes I
think most likely it's going to be a
lease which means that you know when he
sells it to a company
&gt;&gt; yeah it's like they actually own the
actual asset and then they're charging
them a subscription fee and so forth.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I I don't know how it's going to work
but he did say we would do both models,
&gt;&gt; right? Uh so again, if they can build it
for half the cost of selling it, you
could do the BOGO thing where half of
them you sell and half of them you lease
out uh to others to make more money uh
while retaining it while not adding on
to the massive pile of cash burn. Uh
because 44 billion sounds like a lot uh
until you start
&gt;&gt; Yeah. again this year. This year uh
their plan is right it did it today
April 1st Elon announced that this is it
when we have now closed down the Model S
and the Model X line. He said that we're
actually going to have a an event
because it was such an important two
products that we had for us to reminisce
on it. But this is it. It's done. So now
the next whatever 3/4 they're going to
be converting that into a line. So that
cost will be high, but it's not like
we're, you know, we're producing robots
yet at a, you know, 1 million per year
run rate yet. It'll be a slow burn. So I
think we're fine. I'm not uh too worried
about that at this point. But next year
when you start getting to 1 million per
year production, yeah, you better do
something. And that's where I'm coming
back to. I think that it's a financing,
you know, vehicle that Tesla will
arrange.
&gt;&gt; It could be all of those sorts of messes
indeed. Uh are there any other big
factors you're worried about in terms of
uh spending? I know solar fab uh but it
is already on the books uh on the road
map at least. And a solar fab while
expensive is only expensive in the
billion or two kind of range not not
&gt;&gt; not tens or I'm not worried at all. I
mean the reason is if you look at what
company we've invested in Tesla who's
the person who's in charge of us Elon
what have we seen him do in the past his
entire kind of history with how he runs
companies first of all he sees things
much further ahead than everyone else
does because he's got his supply chain
that's uh global
&gt;&gt; and he already predicted prior to
everyone else that he he let go
significant 10% of his staff in the
company and everybody screamed at him
and then of course all the other
companies followed him months later
because he saw ahead of time that there
was going to be a recession and things
were going to happen. So number one, he
has the the data to actually see what's
going to happen. He can't predict war
and so forth, but he can at least
understand that better than others. Two,
look at the kind of manager he is,
right? He does not spend money when he
doesn't need to spend money. He shut
down this plan for Giga Mexico when he
knew that it could be rightly so. He
called it correctly. what would happen
with uh a new president and new laws and
so forth and that's exactly what
happened. So it was a good thing he did
not move forward with Giga Mexico at the
time. Uh he's very very careful about
spend. He cuts costs. He cuts people
when he doesn't need them. He brings
them when he needs to. He did say though
that this year this year they're going
to double down. They're going to grow
really fast and they're not cutting
costs this year. So I am pretty
confident that he and he he of all
people is very good money manager and he
knows how to spend it and he's very
careful. He only spends it again. It's
like you were saying earlier, what how
much money is Facebook, Amazon, those
guys are spending $200 billion, $200
billion
in one year uh each more for AI data
centers. And then here you've got Tesla
announcing $20 billion of cap spend. And
you're going, what's going on? But yet
who has the largest XAI has two of the
largest supercomputers in the world and
Tesla has two of the largest
supercomputers in the world. Cortex and
soon Cortex 2 coming out.
&gt;&gt; So I'm not I'm not too concerned about
that.
&gt;&gt; I had a discussion yesterday with a
gentleman on X who was who decided to
say and this is a small account with no
following and clearly does not appear to
be engaging in good faith. Said well
well gosh I sure am glad that uh Elon
built XAI outside of Tesla. So we
couldn't get any benefit. And I pointed
out that at the time the appetite for
Tesla to do something that far outside
of their core competencies was none. It
would have been roundly criticized as a
a fool's errand by most of the people
certainly the institutional investors.
Why would you get into AI? It doesn't
make sense. With the second problem
being that it's going to be expensive.
uh you need to get those engineers in
there for cheap on the promise of that
stock going ballistic. And he well uh
Google has great AI and they did and
they didn't have to do it as a separate
entity, right? But Google was paying
half million dollars an engineer.
They're paying five to 10 times more per
engineer
&gt;&gt; because they don't have that stock
upside. Meta was paying some engineers
nine figures. What are you talking
about? That's insane.
&gt;&gt; And that's what they have to do because
the stock is not going to move in a
commensurate way. And if you look at the
first AI that most people see from
Google is the search result and it is
trash.
&gt;&gt; It is absolute garbage. Uh so that is
very frustrating. Um guys, I don't know
if you have a chance to, but if you do,
uh check out my buddy Herbert. uh you
know it is um it is a great channel. You
have fantastic guests and also me. Uh so
that's helpful and I appreciate that.
And what I would say is there's a lot
going on in in Tesla world. There is uh
an opportunity to uh have Randy on to
discuss what is going on. What is going
on? I don't know, man. There are smart
people saying dumb stuff about Tesla and
I don't care for it. Not one bit. Uh
we've got judge.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The first thing I noticed this
morning was that multiple people are
saying that uh FSE version 14.3 is out.
&gt;&gt; Uh that the employees are are getting
the 14.3. And so it's only a matter of
days before maybe the rest of us will be
getting 14.3.
&gt;&gt; I suspect that this could be April 1.
Well, uh, so I was of that opinion this
morning as well, but it does appear that
there is a very real possibility that,
uh, that it the announcement we saw from
Omar was that it's going to have all
kinds of features that cannot humanly
exist.
&gt;&gt; I see. Okay,
&gt;&gt; I get it. That's fun. But that
announcement also came last night.
Today's announcement looks like it comes
from Elon and it's more tempered. It's
more measured. It says there is a uh
there it's already out to employees. Oh,
&gt;&gt; and it's and it's better
&gt;&gt; and that we may see it as soon as this
weekend.
&gt;&gt; So, if Elon is saying that on April 1st,
&gt;&gt; that guy doesn't joke around ever. Not
once. Not once. So, uh yeah, that's what
we're talking about is all of the crazy
dumb big stuff. Uh, so it is a bit of
fun. Uh, I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza
on the go. Uh, so, uh, speaking of on
the go, did you know that, uh, in
Moskegan on, uh, June 5th and 6th, we're
having a big event with the Tesla Owners
Club of Michigan summer meetup. Join us,
won't you? Simon will be providing the
light show. Don't miss it. That is that
is uh not a request. That is an order.
Uh, do not miss it. Uh, yeah. tickets on
sale now, I believe. And there's also a
Friday evening meet and greet with the
super cool folks like me. Uh, but also
the other ones who are actually cool.
Um, now I know we said dumb people say
dumb stuff, so I'm just going to throw
this out there. Tesla ending production
of the two best vehicles of all time,
says Ross Gerber. Why? Why does it
matter? I mean, like, I get it, but
they're really great cars, but you have
to also sell them.
Yeah, I mean, uh, you know, there's a a
time for everything and everything has
its time. Um, and you have to look at
what your gross revenues are. You have
to look at what your net revenues are
uh, prior to overhead. You got to look
at what kind of money you might need to
spend in the future in order to upgrade
them to to bring them into the modern
world. And what do you think that'll do?
Do you think that'll get you back up to,
you know, 20,000 cars a year or 50,000
cars a year? If not, then it's time to
say, "It's been lovely, but see you
later."
&gt;&gt; I think the only way to produce
incandescent light is through the
constant strategic incremental
improvement of the candle.
I don't know if that's going to work. I
think that you have to sometimes shift
gears and rethink it from scratch. The
Cyber Cab was a rethink. The Cyber Truck
was a rethink. Model 3 and Y and those
before it less of a rethink, more of a
stepping stone, more of a bridge from
hither to thither. I think that is the
correct terminology.
&gt;&gt; Undoubtedly, yes. Yes. Technical
technical words. Yes.
&gt;&gt; I don't expect lay folk to understand
all of the lingo, but uh here we are.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, very sad to get the email from
Tesla at the end of production of SNX,
the two best vehicles of all time.
You don't think the three or why are are
I mean
&gt;&gt; I think well so you you know when you're
talking about the best of anything you
can't do it in without inserting the
cost.
So, you know, you can make I think uh
isn't it uh some company called Lucid? I
think they're called Lucid. And some
people some people say that their car is
absolutely amazing that it's better in
many ways than Tesla. And then there's
some people that say that about Rivian's
topofthe line. I forget what they even
call it, but they
&gt;&gt; Well, the R1S is a fantastic car. If if
you're looking for a car that doesn't
have FSD, aka just a car, which most
buyers are, even most Tesla buyers, even
in the US, we're only at something like
20% FSD adoption, which is crazy to me,
but okay. If you're looking at just a
car, the Rivian and the Lucid are just
cars, but very good cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the people who say, "I want 500
miles of range, my brother, you can have
it. You can have it right now."
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, not at that price. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And besides, listen, none of these
cars, I guarantee you probably even the
ones over in China that everybody's
talked about, the Chappang or Xiaomi,
Xiaomi and the You say Chapang, I say
Xbang.
&gt;&gt; Um,
I don't think any of those have fart
mode. I don't I think this pretty good
chance. Not a single one. Does anybody
you know anybody else?
&gt;&gt; No. What they have is on the headlights
and tail lights, you can program text to
just say the word fart.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I don't feel like that's the same.
&gt;&gt; That's not nearly as cool. I've told
Have I told you the story about the two
old ladies
&gt;&gt; uh in my sister, my daughter's
neighborhood?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; They were really stuffy old ladies,
Christian. She said, "You know, these
these uh these two old ladies, they've
never given us the time of day." And
we're sitting there in the car as they
walked by. And so I just tapped a couple
of farts and they burst out laughing.
They doubled over. They came back and
now they're friends. So you see, nobody
else has this tech.
It's bringing the world together folks.
I don't know what else to tell you. Uh
and that's absolutely literally the
truth. Hey uh you know I love to poke
the fool. And I don't mean one specific.
I mean the entire entity. How much
further could Tesla's stock fall?
Margins are shrinking stock yet the
stock remains priced for perfection. Oh
man, it's been a painful start for
Tesla. Down 1% with shares trading at
about 356.
I looked earlier today and it appeared
to be up a little today.
&gt;&gt; 381 I think would be the number.
&gt;&gt; 381.
&gt;&gt; 381. So it's up you know more than 10%
since this article which was yesterday.
So that's so that's uh the fool needs
news shrinking margins and sky high
valuation so high in fact that it's
beyond the atmosphere beyond the
stratosphere. It is halfway to the moon
where Tesla intends to have chips
operating uh because they are partnered
with SpaceX on the chip fabrication
thing and that is one of the places they
plan to deploy them. So am I missing
anything there? Uh am I the fool, Randy?
&gt;&gt; Well, I want to go back. I believe I
said this. This show started in November
of 2022.
I want to think that maybe in January of
2023, I said this for the first time. If
you think that there will be robo taxis
on the road without drivers, without
riders, without hitchhikers, just with
you as a passenger, if you think there's
going to be robo taxis all over the
planet, uh gang fairs,
um then you should buy Tesla.
&gt;&gt; If you do not believe that, then you
shouldn't buy Tesla.
It seems straightforward when you say
it. I'm seeing a lot of of people on
social media saying, "Uh, the data
compute constellation will never work.
It'll never happen. And here's the
reasons xyz." And I go, "Then what do
you care?" Like, if the if the bean
counters are going to veto it, just wait
for them to veto it. I've seen some real
crazy stuff out there uh proposed uh
whether it's in terms of a city park or
some kind of uh project where I go ah
I'll just wait to hear it's been
cancelled because sometimes things are
sometimes things are just dumb. They
sound like a great idea and uh yeah they
uh don't necessarily work. So I don't I
don't know on that. Uh but hey uh did
you know that good news can exist? It
can. Uh dumb people saying dumb things.
Judge has reassigned cases following
allegations of bias. And I wouldn't say
allegations. I'd just say bias.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because uh there was a post mocking Elon
on LinkedIn. My first problem is she's
on LinkedIn. uh and uh she went ahead
and uh reacted to it with an emoji
because that's the sign of a of a of an
unbiased arbiter
&gt;&gt; is
I mean I don't care how
&gt;&gt; like you are an HR nightmare my friend.
What are you doing? Um
&gt;&gt; well, you know, um I don't know about
you. I maybe I'm all by myself on this,
but I've been reading for I don't know
20 years now that you really need to be
careful.
&gt;&gt; Congratulations.
&gt;&gt; What you post?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's good. Um you
really have to be careful what you post
on social media. I just, you know, it I
know Elon doesn't he doesn't care, you
know, but he is the richest guy in the
world and owns, you know, two trillion
dollar companies. So maybe it's not as
consequential for him, although it's
consequential for our shareholders from
time to time. She hasn't learned
anything from Elon. She hasn't learned
anything from all the people that have
been warning her over the years. And
she's a judge.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's it's fun. She has some
fun. Um, yeah, she she but she's hasty
to point out that she is not biased. Uh,
which is uh pretty pretty dumb. The
motion for recusal rests on a false
premise that I support a LinkedIn post
about Mr. Musk, which I do not in fact
support. I am not biased against the
defendants in these actions. In fact, I
dismissed a suit against him just last
year. Motion for recusal is denied, but
the cases will now be overseen by three
other judges. She noted that
disproportionate media attention
surrounding her handling of the case
would be detrimental to the
administration of justice. No, my
friend, you are detrimental to the
administration of justice. As a
reminder, in her uh uh opinion that
rescended his pay package, she literally
said no one should get paid this much
money.
&gt;&gt; She said if you're already this rich,
she said somebody that's rich. That was
what she said. Somebody that's rich
doesn't need more money. doesn't need
this. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Shouldn't get it. No.
&gt;&gt; That's you know the
&gt;&gt; that was the opening line. Opening line
in her opinion. It wasn't even buried.
It was that's where she started.
So dumb. So dumb. Uh but again, this
whole topic is about uh dumb people
saying dumb things. I got one more big
dumb one for you.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And tell me if this is correct. Tesla
bets big on driverless future.
What? Yes. Oh my gosh. You cracked the
code. You cracked the code. Tesla's
begun producing its Cyber Cab a fully
autonomous steering wheel, don't tell
you know who, vehicle designed for ride
hailing at its Austin factory. The move
marks a strategic pivot towards AIdriven
mobility and poses a direct challenge to
Uber andyft. Regulatory approval and
public trust remains significant hurdles
before the car can see widespread use.
Do you think public trust is a hurdle?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Uh, listen, uh, there's going
to be people five years from now that
will still go, I'm not going to get in
one of those. There are probably, I
don't know, Elon used the elevator
analogy the other day. And I'm old
enough to have ridden on elevators where
you had an operator and the operator
would come down and it would go a little
bit too low and they would crank it back
the other way. it would come back and
miss it again on the high side and then
they'd crank it back and finally it
would be level and then you could get
out and go, you know, but uh but there
were people that were probably, you
know, frightened to death about the idea
of getting on one that would do better
job than that automatically without
anybody controlling it. So yeah, I I
would say 10 years from now, five years
from now at least, there will be people
say, "No, I'm not getting one of those."
In my entire life, I don't think I've
ever seen an elevator door open with a
mismatch of levels greater than an inch.
Uh but with humans, of course, you know,
uh it's an analog solution to a digital
problem. You're going to run into some
challenges there at times. Um now, we
are not close to the end of the show
just yet. Uh but I did want to mention
you can support me if you feel like it.
You can uh leave a super chat if you're
watching it live. You can uh do one of
these many great methods. That is how I
am able to continue uh doing the show.
And uh of course you can also subscribe.
Hey, thanks Groc. That's an adorable
one. I appreciate it. Um so uh looking
at it, uh we've got some fun comments
here. Betting against Elon is insane. I
think that's also true. I love when Elon
proves me wrong. you can't l you can't
land rockets. And I uh have said before
that they weren't saying you couldn't
land rockets. We know you could land
rockets. They were saying you couldn't
do it profitably without a substantial
uh loss of payload capacity. Um you need
to be able to launch an entire I mean if
you're going to add all that weight, the
legs, the guidance, all that, the
penalty in terms of cargo is going to be
too great. Of course, someone disagreed
with me. I asked him to help me find the
links and I've never heard from him
since. So, I'm confident uh that he is
in space now. So, that is unfortunate.
He will be missed. Uh let's see. Um
yeah. So, uh in terms of bad
predictions, um
have we have we heard any bad
predictions uh about what to expect from
this year's deliveries? I'm hearing
things like it's uh
because automotive sales are trending
down because the trend of meat driven
cars is going down. Therefore, Tesla is
bad.
&gt;&gt; Well, you've heard all kinds of things.
I I interestingly just this morning
there was uh some doom and glooming you
know kinds of Zachs uh came out with a a
piece uh you know with a note saying oh
yeah it's going to be a horrible year.
&gt;&gt; Well in the same morning all of the
numbers started coming out in Europe and
in China. Now we don't have the uh I at
least I don't have them yet on the Tesla
China numbers but the but the rest of
the numbers like NEO etc etc several of
them were up now some some of those were
down
&gt;&gt; uh in fact BYD was down but in Europe
Tesla was up in France they were up in
the Netherlands they were up in Sweden
they were up in Portugal they were up in
Spain I mean just go down the list they
were up up and it wasn't like 5% 10% it
was 100% it was 200%
So, uh, yeah, as of this morning, uh,
people,
uh, are already having to lick their
wounds for having predicted a a bad
month for Tesla. A bad
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know if you put out
prediction numbers by, if you're
watching this live, uh, the numbers come
out tomorrow morning. I will be live
streaming that. If you're watching this
on the replay, they're already out and
we look a little silly perhaps, but this
is I said uh production of uh deliveries
of 372, production of 382.
I know I'm higher than a lot of folks,
but we saw big surges in uh a number of
markets, and I believe those outweigh
the faltering numbers in others. And
this would only be 10%ish higher than
one year ago in Q1 when we were in the
midst of a uh of a reamp of a uh of
downtime. So I think that my numbers are
not remotely crazy. I hope
&gt;&gt; so. We have the we have the market
saying 367. We've got Troy Teslike,
which I would not be reporting on
because I got the money, the numbers
from his my Patreon with him, and he
says, "Don't report it." Except Sawyer
Mayor already reported it. Therefore,
&gt;&gt; 375 is where Troy is. And then you got
also this morning, uh, Cat coming out
this morning at 390, I believe. So, uh,
and those are credible, you know,
guesses because they both spent some
time really trying to come up with the
right number. So, we could be at 390.
That would be a would be a pretty darn
good number. Um, and I think Troy is 410
on production, which is interesting.
&gt;&gt; That's a gap. That's a gap. I don't I
don't think they have that many units
needed to restock.
&gt;&gt; And also on uh on other SX and and
Cybertruck, um we know the inventory is
diminished, diminished to almost
nothing. delivery times have been quite
long. Um, so I don't know if they're
rebuilding that much. And actually, I
think my numbers were 382, 392. 382
deliveries, 392.
&gt;&gt; Um, so I'm still above Troy, but below
cat. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And I and I'm comfortable being in that
spot.
&gt;&gt; Um, these are numbers that I shared with
Peggy yesterday. He's the only one who
gets my numbers ahead of publication, so
we can put them in the mix.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, so then I did it a little
differently. I don't think anybody else
did it this way. I took the two month
the two quarters the third quarter and
the fourth quarter because typically you
have a fourth quarter very very high end
of the year Christmas all these reasons
you the numbers jump up. So typically
you can take the fourth quarter and
predict the first quarter by just
subtracting 27%.
And you go back 10 years it averages 27%
between the fourth and the first. But
this year the fourth was crushed down
because the third was amplified up
because the end of the money you know
coming in part of the tax uh uh
situation. So you get you So what I did
was I averaged those two together. I
said okay take the average of those two
count that as December take away 27% you
would get to 345.
So the 345 number would be what you
might expect given the normal drop
between December between third fourth
quarter and first quarter. So anything
over that should be a win. Um and also
take into consideration that the 371 was
the number on the streets just a week
ago. H
371 was the number on the street a week
ago
&gt;&gt; and they've increased it to 377
I think something like that.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. The
&gt;&gt; compiled consensus I think I'm sorry I
might be 10 I think I'm off 10,000 360
yeah 3601
and now it's 367. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; gotcha. Uh so they're uh scaling it up.
My question to you is, if full meat
driven cars are nearing the end, where
does that put Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Well, in good shape.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
Uh I would argue that uh if you're
looking for the pickle, uh it doesn't
come on this meat sandwich. It's uh
we're talking full self-driving here,
guys. Autonomy is the future. Um it may
take some time for the word to get out.
There may be those people who are
uncomfortable with it, who are going to
wait. I know people who still oppose
things like smartphones. That's great.
But you have been left behind. Uh we all
now know things that you don't. We have
access to the sum of human information
and misinformation right at our
fingertips. Sometime sometimes that
happens where people will get inside a
bubble and think that everyone thinks
like them and then they get out in
public and realize oh wow my jokes don't
land because you don't watch the same
channel as me which is
&gt;&gt; so so you know with the with any
disruption uh for people who haven't
been watching uh you know over the years
this whole theory of disruption uh that
has been put put for forward
uh things disrupt in a pattern. It takes
x number of years typically and then you
get to 10% disruption 20 50 and then at
a certain point you're basically over
the it's going to be all up and to the
right. It's an S-curve. Starts off slow,
goes up
&gt;&gt; a scurve.
&gt;&gt; A scurve. Yes, it is a scurvy.
&gt;&gt; So, but anyway, um what I'm wondering is
I think we've hit this this process in
different countries at different times.
So, you know, we've got Norway, some of
those uh countries up in Northern
Europe, they're
climbing that S-curve really fast.
You've got China that's at almost 50%
now on the combination of EVs and and be
and uh hybrids. Uh you've got
California, which is up in the 20s, you
know. So there's different places are
doing different things, but I'm thinking
this new gas shock is going to push us
up just another slot, especially in
Europe.
&gt;&gt; We we shall see. And the the the crazy
thing is there are uh demand
considerations, demand issues, and those
create service issues. Service issues.
What are we talking about? Well, uh
Tesla sales are surging in Japan and
that's creating service problems, but
it's also creating service solutions.
That's what we're going to talk about. I
got my buddy Randy Kirk here joining me
for the first time today. Uh I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurasa. So Randy, I don't
know if you heard this story, but Tesla
sales are surging in Japan. Now service
is the problem. It's pushing the brand
to rethink after sales support with
plans to rapidly expand its service
footprint this year. Now this article is
from uh like now. It's from yesterday,
two days ago.
And uh what we're seeing is Elon has
already provided a big update on the
investment. Look, we're going to we're
going to roll it out, man. The truth is
people did not expect Tesla to do as
well as they have in countries like
Japan and Korea. They've got very strong
domestic markets and that means that
they are
they're not going to make it, man. You
can't compete against Toyota and Nissan
and Honda and Isuzu and Suzuki. I mean,
and Mazda. There's too many. You You're
not going to get a foothold. Hey, can we
get your cars? We really really really
want them.
&gt;&gt; And the same in Korea against Kia and
Hyundai and others.
&gt;&gt; So, so let's let's uh unwrap that just a
little bit. So typically over the years,
you've had the United States sending
over
cars that weren't even able to compete
in the United States as options to be
sold in Japan. But Japan, I've just I
actually just visited a couple years
ago, Japan and and Korea. And those two
countries are the tech they're tech
leaders. They're way at the top of tech.
uh the individuals in those countries
love tech and care about tech. So now
what you're doing is you're bringing in
a car into South Korea, you're bringing
in a car into uh into Japan that is at
the top of the tech stack has all the
latest greatest gizmos and and and
dooddads and promising more with FSD. So
why wouldn't the Koreans and the
Japanese be like all over it? because
their own domestic providers. It's kind
of like the flip of the 1970s when the
Hondas were coming in and they were
uh the top of the stack. Now it's the
flip. The US is now shipping the top of
the stack to uh to Japan.
&gt;&gt; Whoops. Where have you gone? Is this a
Is this an April Fool's joke?
&gt;&gt; No, that part was plenty of April I I
just muted myself so I could clear my
throat. Uh yeah, we're seeing plenty of
this with uh markets getting a lot of
love that wasn't expected. Now, of
course, we're talking about the good,
the bad, and the ugly, or as I put it in
the title, uh the good, the bad, and the
uh fire in a showroom in Australia. The
police investigating Tesla fire in a
showroom. And somebody torched it. Why
would you do that? Don't do that. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Um, and what I especially love is that
I, now I did not know this about
Australia, but did you understand that
people uh look like uh this? Apparently,
that's how they smile. I did not know.
Yep, that's it. I kid, it is April 1st.
I am permitted to do such things as of
the recording of this video. And uh
yeah, this is just a very brief live
stream to cover uh you know uh all the
news that gives me fits that I shall
print. Um there are
crazy people. I thought we were past the
fires. Are we all there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So um did you know that 10%
of the people in the world have an IQ of
less than 78?
&gt;&gt; What percent? uh 10% 10% are 78 or less.
I mean it's it's a bell curve. You know,
we talked about an S-curve a minute ago.
Now we got the bell curve. It's a bell
curve. 10% of the people in the United
in the world. 10% at least in the United
States. And I guess it could be more in
the world.
&gt;&gt; Um they can't find a single job for them
to do in the military.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I thought they be cannon fodder
and that would be something, but they're
saying no, there's nothing. if they're
under 78, we can't even find cleaning
out toilets,
&gt;&gt; you know, as something that they can do
effectively. So,
&gt;&gt; when you take that into consideration,
you start to go, "Yeah, oh, and there's
only 1% that are crazy enough to start
fires or only 0.1. It wouldn't take
0.001
for somebody to be nutty enough to just
three years later, whatever it is, two
years later, be still setting fires."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I hadn't thought of it that way,
but yes, that absolutely makes sense. I
my brother-in-law was a army recruiter
in the '9s and I said, "Yeah, when
somebody scores really low on the ASVAB,
what do they do? Front lines?" And he
said, "Absolutely not. Those people on
the front lines need to understand
safety tactics, uh, how to properly
maintain and repair firearms in the
field under pressure. The the very the
very thick people do not go into those
roles. No, we keep them behind the
scenes as much as possible. If you're
lower on if you don't score well on the
ASVAB, even if you were just having a
bad day, um they keep them away from
combat roles. And uh and also I don't
think they assign them as arsonists. I
don't know if that's a position in the
military. Uh if anybody wants to let me
know in the chat and and I it's
classified it's classified my uncle who
didn't serve in Korea but uh served
during Korea uh was a radio operator and
he was asked during a a meeting to get a
promotion. The guy said what does such
and such stand for? And he said um it's
classified.
He did not get the promotion.
&gt;&gt; He didn't get the promotion.
&gt;&gt; No. No. because that's not how it works.
I mean, you tried, George. You tried.
Appreciate the A for effort, but come
on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh uh, did you know Tesla's new patent
doubles the steer bywire rotational
range?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's that mean? The recent Tesla
recently published a new patent that
could change the way steerby wire
vehicles feel and operate with
multi-turn steering feedback actuator.
Credited to inventors Steven Alexander
Harrisonim and Joel Timothy Van Ruan,
this document outlines a new steering
column assembly designed specifically
for steerby wire systems. It allows for
an extended range of steering wheel
rotation while maintaining a robust
mechanical end stop. Uh so yeah, that
would be, you know, again, we're talking
the good, the bad, and the fire in
Australia. We've already covered the
fire in Australia. This is good, right?
Well, so yeah. So this this is a a a I
don't know. So I haven't tried steer by
wire. I haven't been in a uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I don't know. But but if you
think if you stop and think about it, if
you only have uh what is it from from uh
7 o'clock to 5:00 or something like that
on the steering wheel that you that you
can do this, you can only go this far.
So that gives you less incremental
uh you know amounts of turning. Um and
you wouldn't be used to that giving you
100% the turn. So I suppose it's
something you get used to because Larry
hasn't complained, Bradford hasn't
complained.
Cern has
&gt;&gt; and those are people with a lot of
driving experience and
&gt;&gt; all of them have had a lot of a lot a
lot of time behind the wheel in a cyber
truck. Uh so I that that's but the
incremental part I could imagine maybe
that's a little bit maybe especially
like if you're uh out on the um out on
the tundra and you want to be able to
make incremental decisions so you'd have
more incremental possibilities. Anyway,
I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I don't know either. Uh but I do know
that JD says uh dumb and crazy don't
have to uh don't have that much to do
with each other and I'm only one. So
&gt;&gt; I'm the other
&gt;&gt; of course of course. Uh so yeah uh yeah
and of course the old George Carlin
quote look at the average person then
realize that half the people are dumber
than that.
&gt;&gt; Oh but ask them. But if you take a poll
everybody says they're smarter than
average, better looking than average.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Every make more money than
average. Everybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh, we're all above average
on this blessed day. And I know, speak
for yourself. I'm all above average on
this blessed day. There we go. Uh, so
these are some of the good news stories.
Is there any good news I'm missing,
Randy? Because, uh, we are not yet done
with this show.
&gt;&gt; I see. So you you so you're going to
catch me flatfooted here with with
&gt;&gt; flat hooved for we are today the goats,
the greatest of all time. Do not catch
me flat hooved.
&gt;&gt; I see. I see. Well, um housing uh prices
are going down. Is that
&gt;&gt; is that for Is that for rents or
purchases?
&gt;&gt; All All three. Uh yes.
&gt;&gt; Whether you're renting an apartment,
renting a house, or whether you're
buying a house, all three are going
down. So, how is that? You know, Dan
Ives said today uh he said Tesla is now
very likely to beat tomorrow. The
economy is defying the pundits. No, no,
I'm sorry, that wasn't him. What he said
was Tesla is expected to release their
quarter 1 production and delivery
results tomorrow morning. Wall Street is
expecting a delivery number like 365. Uh
but he's expecting more and he thinks
that uh that this is the last chance to
buy Tesla at a good price.
&gt;&gt; I would argue the price is always good
if people are paying it. Uh but I
understand the sentiment.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh,
&gt;&gt; well, I was trying to get I'm trying to
get you some good news. Now, you know,
Troy, not Troy, I mean Dan Ives is never
bullish, so this would be unusual for
him.
&gt;&gt; Now, I understand you're a graduate of
the uh Dan Ives School of Fashion. Is
that true?
&gt;&gt; It's true. It's true. I took a little
different angle on it, but uh I was
going to put a green jacket over this
red shirt, but you know,
&gt;&gt; that's a bit much. Randy Kirk, SpaceX
IPO, what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's real, man. So much so much is
going on. So, this morning,
&gt;&gt; um, there was announcements that there's
now 21 banks involved. So, every banker
and their friend, the other banker and
the guy that they went to college with,
&gt;&gt; and you know, everybody wants in on this
deal. This is, of course, the largest
IPO in history. We we are almost certain
of that. It's maybe by double or triple.
uh 1.75 trillion is the number that's
being bandied around. And then it's also
going to have the largest um uh dollar
amount uh of of capital raise in
history. I think the highest was around
37 and most of this most people are
talking about 75 billion uh dollars
being raised on this on this effort. So
in every way, shape and form, it's it's
the biggest ever. Um, and then the
NASDAQ the other day said that they will
allow Tesla to come in. Well, any big
company that uh has an IPO, they they
will allow them to come in 15 days after
the IPO is complete. Um, and that is
much shorter time than normal. And so
that has everybody that that is got a
NASDAQ index, meaning that they have to
get into the stock quickly after the IPO
or buy it during the IPO or buy it in
the pre if they can if they can if they
have a a pre the pre-IPO if they have
access to that or find some other way to
to uh protect themselves because they
could end up having the stock go
vertical as everybody is chasing the
stock in order to get it in their index
fund.
&gt;&gt; So that means uh what we saw with Tesla
and it's the S&amp;P's decision to preclude
it to exclude it from the uh in from the
S&amp;P 500 that was so hamfisted they said
well we can't because you have to do
these certain benchmarks or get us to
give you a waiver. Right? That that last
part that's the part we're talking
about. Why are you not making an
exception for what is clearly happening?
And then
the index fund sat there and watched as
Tesla climbs 2x, 4x, 8x. And uh
eventually it was something like 20x
over the course of two years before they
were allowed to buy it, which is, you
know, crazy. Why would you do that? Um,
and it's pretty clear that those fund
managers are saying, "Don't don't do
that to me again." So, Rand, what Yes,
go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the S&amp;P also has indicated
that they're going to shorten the window
uh required to get in and that that uh
uh uh SpaceX will be allowed in quickly
after the IPO is complete. So, that
would just create another round of
people that have S&amp;P index uh funds that
they now have to buy wherever it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, that was my next question is if
the IPO happens and let's just use a
round number, $100. It's $100. Everyone
on IPO day buys it at 100 and let's say
it doesn't move too crazy and then 15
days later all the index funds have to
buy it.
&gt;&gt; That's what happens, right? Well, you
and you well, you've got 15 days in
between. They know what's coming.
&gt;&gt; So, we've seen that before, too, when
you know it's going to happen on a
certain date. Now, the stock goes up on
the way to that day.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. So, I think again, depending
on how crazy, okay, here's another
situation with with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is just like Tesla
&gt;&gt; and maybe on steroids in that there's no
way to value it.
Oh,
&gt;&gt; you just just give me a number.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tell me two and a half trillion. I'll go
out and I'll prove it to you. I'll prove
it's worth two and a half trillion. No
problem. Tell me it's five trillion.
I'll prove it. I'll prove it's worth
five trillion. I mean the numbers are
absolutely stunning as to what's going
to happen just with the communication
giving you know your laptop access to
the internet anywhere on the planet
giving your phone access immediately
right now to um texting anywhere on the
planet and eventually to a full-on
5G. They're already they've already
announced that it's coming 5G anywhere
on the planet. So if you just take that
into consideration, you don't even talk
about what NASA's going to give them.
You don't talk about the US Army's going
to give them. You don't talk about what
other sovereign nations are going to
have to give them to put their stuff in
space. You don't talk about what the
other armies and navies, etc. in the
world are going to have to pay them in
order to have the communications
capability that they need to have in
order to fight a war today. You can't
fight a war today without Starring.
Well, I I can do anything I want, Randy,
but that would be a short war is what
that would be. Uh, we do have a great
question from Kevin. Kevin with the
super chat here. Thank you so much. What
do you think the Cyber Cab will do that
is cool? Fart. Light shows don't count.
So, I have an answer, but uh I'll give
mine while you think about what it might
do. But here's what I think it will do.
And get get ready to get mad because it
is a light show except in motion.
accepted motion.
&gt;&gt; It'll be a light show in motion. Put it
on a a track. If you know, is it
configured for a track? Great. We can
have a light show on the track. Is it a
parking lot? As long as the area is
sealed off, the cars can move while
they're doing the light show. That would
add a whole new dimension to it. It
would be an amazing thing to see.
They've got to have some cool factor.
And the best part is, you know what? I
really want to have a light show for my
uh grandpa's 80th whatever.
Just order it. Just order it. It'll just
show up. So, I think it will have a um
hotel room mini bar.
So, it'll work exactly the same way. You
open the door, if you pick it up, it's
yours. And it just it just hits your
hits your bill. Um, since you won't be
drunk driving, you can get in, you can
get your, uh, Bloody Mary in the morning
or your martini in the afternoon or
your, you know, whatever you like. You
know, maybe I'm sorry, it'll have to be
some of those little mixes, blah, blah,
blah. But, um, that's what I think. A
mini bar. Um, exactly the same piece of
equipment you get now to put in a hotel
room. It might be able to fit somewhere
in behind the seats or in the trunk or
someplace and just have that mini bar.
And maybe you have to order a mini bar
car. Maybe you have to order the
version. I'm not sure.
&gt;&gt; It has to verify your ID. It can do that
with facial recognition. I I suggest
they put the mini bar on the airbag so
that if it does go off, well,
uh maybe that maybe maybe I'm
overthinking it. Maybe that's not the
best way to do it. But it is a good way
to do it. And I do hope to see maybe not
cyber caps, but some kind of autonomous
vehicles used as uh used as food as
vending machines. You know, I our little
town when we have a little event, we
struggle to get
vendors out because the dollars just
don't make sense. We're too small of a
town. Wouldn't it be great
&gt;&gt; if you could just say, "Look, uh, send
out the vending machines." and
&gt;&gt; they go back at night, restock, not with
a person, perhaps with an optimus, I
don't know.
&gt;&gt; Just think thinking out crazy.
&gt;&gt; Uh, but in the chat, I would love to
know what you guys think one of these uh
could be. And uh yeah, someone someone
in the chat said something about uh
we're on show four. I don't I'm not sure
what that means, but uh
&gt;&gt; so another thing that I another thing
I've thought about is possible free
rides or heavily discounted rides in uh
in cyber cabs or in robo taxis based on
being willing to watch advertisements on
your screen and but you have to be able
to answer questions to after so they
know you watched it. Otherwise, you
could just say you're watching it. No,
you have to answer a question. So, you
have to pay attention. I've always, as a
marketing guy my entire life, I've
always wanted to be able to figure out a
way to to set that up so that you only
get credit if you can answer the
question at the end of the end.
&gt;&gt; Well, to that I would say not today,
Satan. I think that would make the
driving experience genuinely terrible.
And I think that would be the worst
demographic. People who will do anything
to not spend money are not generally
good customers. Um, that would be a real
dystopian nightmare. I appreciate you
bringing it up. Uh, but I think that's
probably not something
&gt;&gt; is a choice, Brian. It's a choice,
Brian. It's just like YouTube. I can't
believe the people in my audience
&gt;&gt; Sophie had a choice who won't spend 1995
a month to get rid of advertisements on
their YouTube. Now, maybe they only
watch two YouTubes a month, but that
would be sad because they're supposed to
watch 90 of mine,
&gt;&gt; right? I'm only doing well this month is
an exception but I'm down to I think six
uh 12 eight nine a month eight eight
eight or nine a week. It's pretty good
for me. Uh guys uh this may surprise you
to know this is not over. There's more
coming. Uh you can in the chat tell us
what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? All that good stuff.
Subscribe and like and do those things.
But, uh, what is going on is the next
thing happening is going to be a, uh, a
little show, a little show for you while
I take a break because I need a break.
Uh, because because Brian is streaming
today until nobody is still watching.
&gt;&gt; How is your streaming? Is your streaming
like clear or is it, you know, is never
mind.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I get it. A bathroom break joke.
Good gravy. I did see a funny one, but
uh there is no time. The schedule must
go on. Thank you so much, Randy. And
let's uh do this.
But is it so? I'm here to tell you I
don't quite see it. I see a lot of
things that perhaps others
don't. And I'm going to share some
receipts so perhaps you can see it, too.
Let's get into it. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, here's the thing is years ago I made
a series of these and I did them for
about a year covering are they doomed?
And what I would find is that on certain
ones BYD and Tesla, people loved it. And
then as I'd get down through the brands,
pretty soon they became a drag, a drain,
a draw against the channel and it made
the channel less popular overall. So,
there's going to be a whole series of
these on Patreon. We'll do a couple out
for the public so you can see them on
topics that I know are important and
valuable. Let's get into it. You can
find them all on Patreon. Help me out
there if you like. BYD, oh my gosh, this
was all over social media. Sees first
profit drop since 2021, even as the
Tesla rival takes global EV crown. See,
they're running out of money. They're
going broke as the prophecy predicted.
My prophecy did not predict that because
if you drill into it, what you find is
no, no, no. Their sales are up, their
margin is down, their profit is down.
Well, that's okay if you're in a period
of rapid expansion, which BYD kind of
has been. BYD is going after a lot of
different things and they're very
vertically integrated, which exposes
them to more risk. But at the same time,
it means their suppliers who are
supplying them, what few are left, don't
go broke in the process. So, they've
been expanding into global markets,
including Latin America and Europe,
where auto analysts say profit margins
are typically higher than in China. It's
also banking on cutting edge technology
upgrades to grow appeal, announcing a
new powerful fast charging battery days
ahead of its earnings report. So that
means it's not that bad. So they are
down 19% in terms of profit,
but it's a short-term thing. They're
still profitable, just not as
profitable. They're okay with that if it
means growth. Tesla's also down. So do
you think Tesla's doomed over a headline
like that? I would disagree if that's
your conclusion. BYD shifts away from
in-house payment system that strains
suppliers. This is a big story we saw
last summer. It was discovered that BYD
was taking 130 180 days to pay some of
their suppliers. That makes your numbers
look better than they are. Now, it still
shows up as a debt. They still have to
account for it, but it doesn't count as
an expense that's been paid just yet.
Debts don't look as bad as negative cash
flow, for example, or a loss of profit.
they were able to get that addressed and
they have moved away from it. This was
largely unwound last year. So this is
from uh November of 204 was it? Yeah,
November of 25. Uh so BYD has told some
suppliers it wants to stop using the
in-house financial notes to uh take care
of it. Reuters was unable to learn the
scope of the shift. So anyway, uh
basically there was regulatory
uh pressure applied because BYD wasn't
the only one doing it. BYD and top car
makers slash payment terms to boost
supply chain stability following
regulatory pressure. So last June we saw
that they were going to have to unwind
it and that they were in the process of
doing so. BYD, GAC, FAW, a lot of them
were doing it and they have publicly
committed to standardizing supplier
payments within 60 days. These have been
done. We saw some pretty weak quarters
following this because they had to
update how they pay, specifically when
they pay. So, it wasn't as big of a deal
as a lot of people thought it might be.
So, if you've never seen any of that are
they doomed series where you go category
by category and assign a score.
Engineering. BYD has good engineering.
You can look at something like the Denza
Z9 GT. This is their newest super
exciting car. 950 horsepower. It's a
whole lot of car. Looks pretty nice on
the inside, if a bit busy for my taste.
But I get it. It's all the things. It's
got the center screen. It's got the uh
typical in-your-face kind of display.
It's got the heads up display. It's got
all of it. And it's not outrageously
priced. So, in terms of the engineering,
they're very good at that. Um, and also
in terms of the engineering, because
before we get too excited, we should
mention some the good with the bad. One
last piece of good, the batteries.
They've got very good batteries. They've
got the new LMFP.
So, it's not an LFP battery. It's got
manganesees in it that can allow up to
1,500 kilowatts of charging. That's 1
and a half megawatt charging. You can
charge up real real fast. A lot of
people don't need that. Great. don't use
it, but if you do need it, you have it.
And these are already rolling out uh in
China. Roll out in Europe is coming uh
soon if it's not already there. But
these flash charging batteries are
insane and they are still expected to
outlive the life of the vehicle. And
this car has like 500 miles of range. uh
in the Chinese in the CLTC rating it's
something like a th00and kilometers
something like 600 miles but that
accounts for much slower driving in
faster driving in city driving you'd be
uh in faster driving in the west you'd
get more like you know 400 miles of
range it's a very very good car maybe
even 500 it's going to be over 400 quite
likely yeah 10 to 70 in five minutes 10%
to 97% % in 9 minutes. 9 minutes, you
still got time to hit the bathroom, but
be efficient. So, their engineering is
quite good. With that said, hey, you
remember they rolled out their big god's
eye uh driverless system already on 2.3
million vehicles in China. What a data
advantage that gives them. And I've seen
people say, "Yes, but they don't have
the compute." Uh they might have more
compute than you think. Chinese firms
are of course of course going to adhere
to the not using the state-of-the-art
chip uh requests of other countries, but
also they're going to get the chips
anyhow they can and use them. But God's
Eye, which was touted as the next big
thing, has had some setbacks. This is
even from February of last year, might
not be such a boon after all. Aside from
unfavorable comparisons, calling it
God's Eye could be a misleading moniker.
and as misleading as full self-driving.
So, it's crazy. Uh they spent a lot of
money, they spent a lot of engineering,
and it is running into serious problems.
This is from March 26. This is very up
to-date. We know they're running into
serious problems because Nvidia adds BYD
to their self-driving tech business. Oh
no, you found a dead end. BYD found a
dead end. They put a bunch of money into
that dead end. So on engineering, as
much as I'd love to give them a, you
know, eight or 10, I'm going to give
them a seven. Seven out of 10 is still
very good. Uh, don't be don't be sad
about that. Great. It's, you know, two
whole points above absolutely average.
Then we get to demand, and we've seen a
lot of demand stories on BYD. They're
running out of demand. Nobody wants
them. BYD vehicle sales slumped 30% in
January as China demand cools. Yeah,
maybe. But also it could be buyers
waiting for the next big thing which is
starting to come out now. But we are
seeing this uh sales dropped 30% in
January but they were doing a lot of
exporting at the time. Don't forget
delivery waves. So they are yeah
delivering quite a few vehicles. Wait
for the whole quarter to get a better
picture. Uh but really the big one is
and I'll skip that one is here's the
European registrations. BYD is up and
we're seeing that around the world. In
other countries, BYYD is starting to not
to show up in the numbers, but get big
in the numbers. BYD is positioned to be
a global player in ways that a lot of
legacy car companies can't understand.
Ford doesn't understand why the Mache
didn't sell well in China. Well, it's a
pretty good car in a sea of really good
cars that cost a whole lot less. But the
big thing BYYD is doing right now is
building their international position.
So, if we look at this here, we'll see
that Is it on this one? Different one.
I'll get to that. I see later. Um, BYD
is in a lot of markets. So, let's take a
look at a market like Nepal. As you guys
may recall, I went there last year to
see what's going on. And BYD is
dominating. Electric cars have dominated
because of a big shift towards electric
cars. Nepal doesn't have oil. They do
have electricity. Let's electrify so we
don't send our petrol dollars overseas,
never to be seen again. Let's keep that
money in the country, guys. BYD got to
Nepal happy to sell almost no cars to
lose money to just sit there and promote
without actually getting any benefits.
Well, when the market shifted, they were
there. They were ready. They dominate.
And we're seeing that in a lot of South
and Central American countries as well
where BYD just showed up and waited
going to wait because when it's time
they will get there. So on that topic
demand I have given them a a seven. It's
not it's not a six. I tell you it's real
tough to come up with these numbers but
it is uh it is there. So that's where
we're at with with demand cost controls.
That's a big one. That's one that a lot
of startups really struggled with. BYD
is not a startup. They are a seasoned
company. Although they are only 15 years
into making serious automobiles, making
automobiles at all. five years into
making them in a serious fashion.
They're not slowing down. Cost controls
is a big one. How can they get their
costs under control? Well, the same way
Tesla did. Tesla overbuilt factory
capacity. Now, they don't need to build
factory capacity. They have factories.
They may need new equipment to make
something like a cyber cab, but they
have the factory space. Now, the semi,
of course, they had to build that
because that's in a different place and
a different shape. But if Tesla wants to
make more cars, they can make more cars.
BYD built a factory. And I hope you're
sitting down because this is the
factory. And if it looks uh big and
weird, do I have to click it? There we
go. Uh if it looks big and weird, it's
because it is. All these gray buildings
are the BYD factory, and all the colored
ones are Tesla's factories laid over the
top of them. So, you can see that just
this one factory in just this one
location is massively bigger than all of
Tesla's factories combined. That's not
to say that means that they will win,
but it does mean that this is worth more
than a Tesla factory on paper because
these factories are built in a
traditional fashion, which means they
can't become stranded assets in the way
a Tesla factory could. You're not going
to buy a Tesla factory and go in and use
it. It's set up for Tesla. BYDs are set
up for anyone. Anyone can use them.
Anyone could use them if they bought the
factory, if they bought some capacity
out of this factory. So, this means
they've got factory space. they don't
need to spend that money again. Another
advantage on cost on cost controls is
western automakers outsourced supply
chains for decades and now Chinese
rivals have the cost edge. Yeah, the
Chinese companies are uh vertically
integrated in ways that US automakers,
western automakers simply are not. They
have something like 80% of their parts
are made inhouse. 80% says right here,
produced nearly 80% of its core
components, more than double that of
Tesla. So, this gives them a tremendous
advantage. $2370
in supplier markups per unit on the seal
uh is saved. That means they can sell it
for 2369 less and make the same amount
of money. So that means that they uh
were able to eek out a 20% gross profit
margin on vehicles gross compared with
Tesla's 18%. And that wasn't through
trickery. They did have to catch up and
pay all the suppliers, but it's by
having fewer suppliers. BYD owns the
roll on rolloff ships. They own the
mines. They have there are employees at
BYD who are miners.
Is BYD doomed? We see automakers
outsource supply chains for deck more
than double that of Tesla. So, this
gives them a tremendous advantage. $2370
in supplier markups per unit on the seal
uh is saved. That means they can sell it
for 2369 less and make the same amount
of money. So that means that they uh
were able to eek out a 20% gross profit
margin on vehicles gross compared with
Tesla's 18%. And that wasn't through
trickery. They did have to catch up and
pay all the suppliers, but it's by
having fewer suppliers. BYD owns the
roll on rolloff ships. They own the
mines. They have there are employees at
BYD who are miners. And I don't mean
child labor. That's largely a myth. And
it also happens in the US. Cash on hand
is a big one. Oh, I didn't give you a
score on cost controls. What did I put
that at? I put that at seven. Good, but
I can't go any higher. Cash on hand is a
big one. How much cash on hand do they
have? A lot. Over 20 billion US. That's
a lot because they're largely done
growing uh in terms of footprint at
least. They're no longer going to be
spending quite as much money on their
autonomous systems perhaps. I mean, they
are partnering with Nvidia. Maybe that
will give them some edge. It is unclear.
But it does mean that they're not going
to be spending 20, 30, 40 billion on
autonomy. It means they're willing to
partner with someone who has a better
system if they can find it. I had looked
to see if anyone had partnered with BYD.
No one had. They didn't offer it. And
that's now we know because they didn't
have the product ready to go. So for
cost controls, I'm giving them an eight.
It's a pretty good score. Road map is
where the rubber meets the road. What do
we got going on for road map? Well, uh,
these are just the companies that buy
batteries for EVs from BYD. Yeah, Tesla
sometimes, Toyota, Ford, Hyundai, Kia,
Mercedes, Volvo, Nissan, BMW, Volkswag,
I mean just everybody. Just everybody
because BYD is the second largest
battery maker in the world behind CL.
And BYD makes good batteries, batteries
that charge fast, batteries that uh last
a long time. So that gives them their
road map some possibility of uh survival
beyond automotive. Um, also on the road
map, they've got a big mega type system.
Of course they do. Why wouldn't they
when they make the batteries that go
into other people's grids scale energy
storage? This isn't going to make them a
trillion dollar company, but it is
helpful. And then on on uh the road map,
I should also mention this is what I
brought up before. They're already in
110 countries. That's uh that's
posturing. That's getting poised for
something that is loading the spring for
future sales. Well, they don't make a
car that fits my market. They probably
do. They make a lot of cars. They make
like 40 plus different models. There's a
very good chance that the model you need
for your market is something that BYD
makes. So, 5,800 vehicles to Argentina.
Uh, that's great. So, there's a lot of
opportunity there in terms of that. And
the biggest thing I want to mention
before getting to the end of it is that
they are too big to fail. Now, this
article is very cynical. This is from
May of 25. This is echoes of Ever Grand.
No, no, it's not. This is quite
different. Everrand had weird leverage
that got them into trouble. It is too
big to fail. BYD, if it got into a world
of trouble, would find a way to get out
of it because it is so big. Now, if
you're catching this on on a Patreon, I
appreciate you guys being here. If
you're catching this on a public show,
well, you'll you'll figure that out when
you see it. But there's a whole bunch of
these coming. Uh they're going to be um
coming out fast and furious over the
next few weeks. Uh you can uh support me
if you haven't seen this or if you have,
this is how you do it. This is how you
get in to see them. These videos will be
posted on X for channel channel
subscribers on YouTube for channel
members.
All right. So, that was uh that was
that. Hey, uh do you know it's April
1st? It is April 1st. If you're not
aware, uh Q1 was when Donut Labs was
going to have their big big battery
reveal. And uh it was going to be out in
customer hands in Q1. I expressed an
ounce or two of skepticism on that front
because no, it wasn't. That was never
something that was going to happen. And
here we are. Strangely, it has not
happened. So, if we're going to talk
batteries, we got to talk to somebody
who actually knows what's going on.
We're talking to Jordan Gizigi from The
Limiting Factor. Jordan, you are my
go-to guy on batteries. Uh, how are you,
my friend?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing well, thanks. Can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; I can hear you just fine. I should add
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza, Jordan,
and the audience. Hello, everyone.
So, what we're talking about is, of
course, the big excitement. I don't know
if you've been following it. Doughnut
lab deliver production ready solid state
batteries ready in Q1. Company promises
400 watt hours per kilogram energy
density and five minute charging for
electric motorcycles hitting the roads
this quarter. Q1. Uh to which myself and
a number of others said, "Is it is it?"
uh because we have a chance to uh see
some of the hype. Wall Street Journal
going with will this miracle battery
finally change your mind about EVs? Um
okay, that's great. Uh but we've had uh
other articles which uh referred to
people like Shirley Mung who as you know
very well uh knows what's possible in
the lab and what's possible in the real
world and how those two things don't
always intersect. Uh what can you tell
me?
&gt;&gt; Oh boy. They they did another
announcement today.
&gt;&gt; It's like where to start? because when
you put so much lowquality information
out there, it just starts to it becomes
uh hard to track after a while. Um, but
overall, my initial impression of the
battery and what they were doing was
that they do have some kind of battery.
It's it looks like it is solid state.
Um, but that's not the gold post that I
was looking at. I was looking at the
goalpost that they provided at CES,
which was a laundry list of the, you
know, the highest performing specs we've
ever seen in any battery. And I was
like, well, my guess is this is an ORE
thing. Under certain laboratory
conditions, they can probably meet each
of these specs with a lot of caveats,
but I don't think they're going to be
able to hit everything at once fully.
Um, and as far as I can tell, that's
what we've seen, especially with the the
test that they did um last week where
they cycled a cell that had brought been
brought up to 100 Celsius and after I
think it was what is how many more
cycles was it? It was like 10 or 20
cycles some maybe it was 50 cycles. uh
that after that it was just providing
50% capacity and it's like okay it defin
definitely hasn't met what I would
consider what they advertised at CES
which is a battery that can do all these
things
&gt;&gt; now we've seen some pretty amazing
things in the lab has been a battery
researcher for decades I think it's fair
to say and has uh torn apart batteries
in addition to developing new batteries
she's uh her research Arch team. Uh
she's no longer at UC San Diego. I think
she's somewhere else. U but they uh what
you can accomplish in the lab doesn't
always translate to the real world. And
we didn't see the kind of production
ramp you would expect before a product
is commercialized. So uh what uh what is
that disconnect between the lab and the
real world?
When you do something in a lab, it's
like uh making a pair of shoes by hand,
whereas uh making them in a factory is
like making um thousands of uh pairs of
shoes at at high high production volumes
and low cost. So they're they're two
very different environments. And there's
also when you put these batteries into a
product, uh there's a lot more
durability requirements. There's a lot
more uh requirements all around. They
have to be uh they um not just hit the
specs that they claiming they're going
to hit. They have to be able to do that
in all temperature and weather
conditions within a battery pack shared
by thousands of or hundreds of other
batteries for over a decade. So often
you see people make an announcement
that's you know we have a 500watth per
kilogram battery and then that slowly
drops down like QuantumCape. I think
they originally were targeting like 400
watt hours per kilogram and what they
have now is in like the you know just
above 300 um maybe but QuantumCape over
overall has done pretty well on
delivering but still it's you know it's
going to be seven years after their
original announcement that we see
something
&gt;&gt; and QuantumCape has very deep pockets.
They've had billions in funding.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're seeing research firms,
universities, companies all over the
world trying to crack this. Um, and it's
very difficult. People have said, well,
yes, but, uh, the Wright brothers had a
very small, you know, operation, right?
But science hadn't moved as far forward.
Uh, you the easy things have all been
invented is my argument. And the
checklist was long. It was the energy
density was amazing. The temperature
range was amazing. the the materials
were all abundant. I mean, it checked
too many boxes uh to not strain credul.
And of course, I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; When I hear the Wright brothers
argument, it always it's a frustration
for me because at the time, I'm sure
there was people there were was
obviously people dur when the Wright
brothers were about to make that flight
that thought it could happen otherwise
they wouldn't even be trying it. So you
always have whatever uh place in time
you are on the human timeline, there's
going to be people that say things are
possible and impossible. That's just the
way that things these things are. But
the question is what's their argument
and what's their proof? That's what
matters.
&gt;&gt; So arguments matter. Uh logic matters.
&gt;&gt; When inventing a new aircraft, you say,
"Look, ours uh I appreciate your
propeller-driven plane, but ours is
going to go much much faster." The
question is how? Well, I'm not going to
tell you. Now, if it's wartime, I get
it. But I need to see some proof of your
extreme claims. Too many times, uh,
probably 10 times a year, I'll go out on
a limb and tell people something is
definitely good or definitely bad. And
every time people come up and say, "How
dare you? How dare you? You can't
possibly know this." And the reality is,
I can't. I can't. But I've so far got I
think a 100% track record on uh did I
get it right? Um the the one where I
definitely did get it wrong was I said
Giga Mexico doesn't make any sense
therefore there will be no announcement.
They announced it turned out it didn't
make sense so they didn't build it. So I
was right but for the but at the wrong
time ah close enough I say and my
reasoning was sound and I always share
my reasoning. The idea that a tiny
company could in a matter of months
makes a product that absolutely changes
the world is a big big ask. Uh then
you've got this cheap EV with semi-olid
batteries wants to battle it out with
Europe's best. The MG4 is the world's
first mass market EV with a semi-olid
state battery and it's going to Europe.
So these aren't it's not like this is
never coming. We're not saying that this
is, you know, cold fusion that could be
a million years out.
&gt;&gt; We're saying the technology to do what
we want it to do at the price we want it
to do it is not necessarily there today.
What is semi-olid state?
&gt;&gt; Well, with solid state batteries,
because you have basically let's imagine
them as bricks. uh when you if you try
to push two bricks bricks together, it
doesn't matter how hard you push them
together, there's going to be some tiny
little gaps in there. Um and that's one
of the biggest challenges with uh solid
state batteries is it takes an enormous
amount of pressure and often high
temperatures in order to get the the
battery to operate properly. Uh with a
semi-olid state battery, you just put a
little bit of jelly between the layers.
So it's not fully solid state. And
personally, I don't care about these the
differentiation between these, you know,
all solid state, semi-olid state. Show
me the performance and then I'll be
interested in how it works
&gt;&gt; because that's what matters ultimately
is what goes into the customer's hands.
&gt;&gt; There were uh a lot of every time
there's a new battery development, you
get uh some weird skeptics. LFP will
never catch on because the watt uh the
energy density is insufficient. Well, it
works. We're there. It caught up. uh
sodium ion will never be commercialized.
Well, I don't know. There were a few
people saying that. You and I have had a
number of discussions about sodium over
the years. And the conclusion was uh
research slowed because lithium prices
fell, but they will continue. We'll
still get them, just maybe not as
quickly. And that's where we are now.
We're starting to see them in passenger
vehicles in China, and they've been in
passenger vehicles in China for a year
or two now, but they're getting more
widespread as the technology develops.
What is your word of caution on on stuff
like like donut? Like like what people
have asked me why would he lie about
something like this if in 90 days he has
to deliver and I said I I can't get
inside his head. I don't I mean I have
some theories but only he knows the
answer to that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There's a number of ways to look at it.
I mean from him it it seems like from
what I saw in his video today which was
a really frustrating video by the way.
um was that uh he views this as kind of
a game. He views it as a marketing game
where um how much can I get whip people
whipped up and excited about this. So in
his mind he's not lying. He's just
giving selective truth um to get people
interested. So, as far as I can tell, so
far they haven't technically lied about
things, but they certainly left out a
lot of caveats and um uh proof as well
because every time they've had a chance
to give proof, they left out the
critical information that would help
qualify that piece of information.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, it's like the tests were
designed to allow the battery cell to
succeed without showing any of its
weaknesses. That's what I've seen in
every test so far. You can engineer
tests to do that. Did you ever hear
about the time Thomas Edison told
investors that he had already cracked
the incandescent bulb that didn't burn
out after 20, 30 minutes? And he brought
in all the investors and he said, "Okay,
come here. I'm going to give you the
sales pitch." He gives them the sales
pitch, shows them the light bulb and
they leave. They swap out the bulb. He
brings in the next investor, shows it's
been on all day. And Thomas Edison
literally did that.
uh he was a fake it till you make it
sort of inventor at that time and uh
they did make it uh but then again Steve
Jobs faked his iPhone demonstration
quite uh thoroughly. I don't know if you
heard about that but when he would show
you all the things it was doing and then
put it down he would grab a different
phone to show you the next one because
sometimes in the steps between it fails
catastrophically and there were a bunch
of other little they pulled. I didn't
know about that. But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; just just a small rant on his
presentation this morning.
&gt;&gt; It's um
&gt;&gt; I've interacted with him online and so
have other people that I've known and he
gets frustrated and irritated when
people question uh the veracity of his
claims, but he will also won't provide
all the truth, but he also wants to play
this game like, "Oh, this is just a fun
marketing game." So, what tells me it it
kind of reinforces my view on all of
this, which is they do have something
and it's probably pretty good, but
they've overinflated their claims. And
the way he reacts to people's questions
and the way he markets it seems to align
with that, but
&gt;&gt; we have Go ahead. My frustration is the
people who really really want to believe
I'd love to believe it uh being hostile
and abusive and aggressive and I would
have loved to just block them all but I
want them to be able to come back and uh
have the opportunity to recognize uh if
they've made a mistake and at this point
at least one part of it they did on this
video that they had put out available
today has but one meaning to me and if
you're going to lie Okay, that brazenly,
that early, to me that says I can't
trust anything that comes out of your
mouth after this. To me, this is the
canary. This is the typos in the
Nigerian scam email. The typos are there
because we want the idiots to stay and
the smart people to leave. Uh, so I
don't know. That was a a real brazen lie
to me.
&gt;&gt; I will leave it for the courts to
decide.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know if there are any
victims. I don't think there's any
victims yet. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, if there's no victims, it's a social
experiment. Um, if he has not accepted
any new donations or uh uh investments
since the CES show, I don't think
there's a crime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who has standing? I think that's
the the appropriate word. Yeah. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It's uh pretty exciting
stuff. um when talking to people like
Shirley um who you have done which you
have done I many times I'm sure um
what is what is her take on on on
batteries like this? Uh generally she
just couches her words carefully. Um I
know that you read some quotes that
specific quotes I think that she had
about the donut battery. Um but uh what
was the word I was looking for?
Skeptical to say the least.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But she she's somebody who's in the
space. So she uh typically doesn't run
people through the mud. She's very
political about it because she she holds
a high level position in the battery
industry. She's like the head of battery
research at Argon National Laboratories
and she's a student of the the last
people who received Nobel prizes for
batteries. and a lot of the work that
she's done on um assessing batteries and
developing new battery chemistries and
methods. If there's anybody else,
another group of people who gets Nobel
Prize for the batteries in the future,
she would be on that list if they do
another three in the future.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. And it's tricky. It's tricky
the but it just kind of uh saddens me to
think that we look at researchers like
Jeff Dawn, researchers like Shirley Mung
and don't uh don't take their words or
their work seriously, but a showman who
solved general artificial intelligence a
year ago. Uh and I even had comments
saying, "Oh no, the AGI that he solved,
that's what designed the battery." Oh.
Oh no, my friend. That's not how that
works.
Very frustrating. So, I hope no one has
been uh asked for money or given any
money to this project. Uh I can't wait
to see what it actually is.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're they're shifting that
goal. I don't Did you watch their video
this morning?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. Uh, so he when he Have you
heard anything about it?
&gt;&gt; Nothing. I've been online for a little
while now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, the battery that they tested
isn't actually the final battery and
they have a version.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, he said, "Uh, yeah, we
have a version two coming out and then
we're going to start testing that one
that has much better performance." It's
like, you didn't even finish testing the
last one. And then he said, "Uh, did we
actually test it for a hundred cycles?"
Huh? No, of course not. He actually said
that. He said, and then he said, "It's
very complicated how cycle life works.
You have all these different variables
and people wouldn't believe me if I
showed them the data anyways." And it's
like, what's the point of going through
this whole process? You're saying that
believe my data, but nobody's going to
believe my data. And he said that um uh
the skeptics if I actually showed them
the data they wouldn't believe it
because I have over 100% koolic
efficiency on the first few cycles. And
I'm like okay that is a thing with
batteries. This is a well understood
mechanism where after a battery has gone
through the formation process there's
for instance a little bit of extra
lithium in the anode overhang. So the
first few times you cycle it, it appears
that it has over 100% coolic efficiency,
but no e every battery expert I know
understands that mechanism and they
wouldn't say that's impossible. They
would just say oh no that's mechanically
that's obvious and well understood. So
just a series of things like that. He
was skating back and forth between is
this a joke or am I serious? Playing on
the the April Fool's thing. So,
&gt;&gt; and and that's just the normal burn-in
that you see with all cells, right?
&gt;&gt; Like most manufacturers do that before
they ship the cell.
&gt;&gt; Um well, it depends on the chemistry of
the battery cell. Certain chemistries
have more of an that um
over 100% energy uh the first I don't
know dozen 50 100 cycles depending on
what the chemistry is. Like for example,
graphite has uh the way that the lithium
ions enter is they just slide into open
channels in the graphite. There's no
potential that has to be overcome for
that to happen. Whereas with silicon,
you're actually bonding the lithium to
the silicon. So you you need extra
voltage in order for that to happen. So
with a graphite battery, you get more of
that because a lot more of the ions just
kind of drift into that anode overhang.
Whereas with silicon, it's less likely
to happen because uh it would require
extra voltage to get those lithium ions
to push out into the overhang if that
makes sense.
&gt;&gt; And and and that's my understanding. So
yeah, it's
&gt;&gt; it's a well understood mechanism. And
&gt;&gt; uh yeah,
&gt;&gt; so what he's saying is that the
extremely long cycle life hasn't been
tested and because it's the wrong
battery, it can't be tested. Um and the
citation is trust me, bro.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's uh it sounds like they
might have a version three of the cell
or something as well. So and he said
they're going to continue this um and it
sounds like indefinitely. They're just
going to keep this dog and pony show
going for as long as they can.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And I'm I'm worn out on it after the
first few weeks because I could see what
he's doing.
Um and that's not casting aspersions on
him, but he's from a marketing
perspective, what they're doing is
really smart.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; yes. Uh how often do you see miracle
battery announcements in the news?
Everybody claims their battery is a
miracle battery. It's just some poke
their head up above the water and
everybody a certain number of people
become aware of them.
&gt;&gt; Um so yeah that there's miracle
batteries
I don't know every three months, every
six. Every battery startup is a miracle
battery. Why invest in it if it's not
better than the current state? They have
to say it's better than anything else.
Otherwise they won't won't get
investment. Otherwise what's the point?
Because I see, if I were to look, I
would see them two, three times a week.
The battery is the lightest, the
cheapest, the most stable, the most
fireproof. It can do absolutely anything
except leave the lab. Uh, which is great
if you want to drive around in the lab.
Uh, so maybe we just need bigger labs.
I'm not sure how that works, but I feel
like we've got a solution in there
somewhere. Um, there are batteries that
are already catching up to the cost, the
the the energy density that are lithium
ion or uh LFP or LMFP.
There are a whole bunch of ways to get
to greater energy density. Is there a uh
what is the next level of watt hours per
kilogram at which we start unlocking new
things like flight or
&gt;&gt; it's it's
there's so many different applications
because all these batteries already used
for flight uh used for things like that.
It's just um the higher the energy
density the more viable those things
become over time. So, I think it's going
to be rather than like a step change,
it's just going to be a constant creep
towards economic viability
&gt;&gt; with Yeah. with longer and longer routes
making sense.
&gt;&gt; Um, and yeah, if you can get tremendous
range in a vehicle at a great price
without it weighing nine tons, looking
at you, Hummer, okay, four and a half
tons. I mean, 9,000 pounds, let's be
real.
uh and it still doesn't have great
range. It's just a brick. Um then yeah,
all of those things are going to help.
Uh is solid state still a holy grail or
have we a bit moved on from there?
Because the other batteries are getting
fireproof, they're getting energy dense,
they're getting fast charging.
&gt;&gt; It's it holds potential still. um you
know maybe in 10 or 15 years we'll have
solid state batteries that um are uh an
improvement on liquid electrolyte
batteries that can be used in anything
um maybe completely replaced liquid
electrolyte batteries but um by that
point it will be more of a gradual
transition again rather than any sort of
serious step change and that's what
we're already currently seeing a lot of
the solid state batteries there uh they
do offer perform uh offer range
improvement but you have to there's all
this additional cost so that I I guess
to boil it down every battery comes with
trade-offs
&gt;&gt; you have to pay the piper one way or
another and it's this slow technology
improvements it's more of a creeping
thing rather than ever being a step
change and yeah we have tens of
thousands of scientists and engineers
working on than this just grinding away,
swapping this molecule with this one and
just slowly tapping away at it in order
to make improvements overall.
&gt;&gt; But Donut Labs has three
of the 10,000
&gt;&gt; and I'm not sure they do. I think they
have one and I'm not sure that it's
actually their product. I think they
bought it. Well, that well that's
another thing is like maybe this is what
they were sold and they're not actually
producing the batteries yet, but they're
getting lab samples out of another
company that's actually manufacturing
them. Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; that would make more sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, to me it would because maybe
they've been sold on this and maybe
that's why they're hyped about it and
they're kind of the middleman between
this actual manufacturer and uh Verge.
&gt;&gt; What's fun to think about is the other
batteries. There's a lot of batteries
out there that charge really, really
fast. BYD's got some a bunch of
companies in China do. You can charge at
speeds in excess of a million watts.
Yeah, not just a neighborhood, but a big
neighborhood of charging. Uh, but how
does it work and does it even matter?
That's what we're going to discuss
today. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
I got Jordan Gizigy joining me for the
first time in oh so long. It's been so
long since I've seen you, Jordan. How
are you, my friend?
&gt;&gt; Fantastic. Thank you.
Great.
&gt;&gt; That's great. I'm so glad you're here.
Hey, I don't know if you heard uh but uh
by the way, we are recording this on
April 1st. I don't know if that's
relevant, but I don't know if you've
heard this, but uh we've got BYD's
second gen blade battery 10 to 70% in
five minutes. This isn't experimental.
This is in deployment. These are out in
the public. people can see them, buy
them, use them. I don't know. Uh I don't
know who it's for. So this is a LMFP as
I understand. This is uh not BYD's
website. So this is uh you know gener
this is the information here is not
quite as reliable. But even at 30 below
Celsius, the battery can reportedly
charge from 20 to 97 in 12 minutes. So,
it's got great cold weather performance.
It's and it can charge up to 1.4 1.5
megaww,
which is insane. How do you do that
without setting everything on fire?
There's a few ways that I've suspected
that for instance, Shan Shing works. And
um so looking at the cathode, you can
add carbon nano tubes to the cathode.
that just improves the conductivity all
around. Um, for the electrolyte, you can
use kind of a thinner, more less viscous
electrolyte that allows the ions to flow
more easily. Typically, that would cause
increased degradation, but it sounds
like they've probably found a solution
for that. You can do surface
modification of uh the graphite or add
silicon to the anode, which both uh
accelerate that you can uh charge the
battery and perhaps something with the
separator as well. an improved separator
technology, ceramic coated, something
thinner uh potentially. So, there's a
number of ways that they can do it that
are now available off the shelf. And I'm
not sure if they're using LMFP or not. I
haven't looked into this battery that
much specifically, but if they are using
LMFP and they've seen a significant
increase in energy density, they can
trade a little bit of that energy
density increase for uh thinner
electrodes that allow faster charge and
discharge speeds. M and it's possible
they're doing all of the above.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Oh, and there's also sorry, one more is
a gradient gradient electrode where they
put two layers of electrode material.
Like for instance, when you coat the
cathode of the anode, you put a layer of
material that's like thin and porous and
then you put another layer of material
that's compacted. So you have a layer
that's devoted to fast charge and
discharge and a layer that's devoted to
high energy storage. So you get the best
of both worlds in the same pattern. So,
we saw people early on theorizing that
uh they that Tesla might be using uh
Maxwell, was it Maxwell's uh capacitors
as like some kind of a hybrid? Maybe
they're going to do them both. And we
have seen in China some companies that
have two different battery packs in the
car that operate differently for I don't
I don't know if it's for charging speed
or or how it's optimized. I think one is
able to do fast discharge for when you
stomp on it or need regen and the other
does slower discharge for when you're
moving quicker. I don't recall now, but
there are some options out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct. You can put two
different battery cells in the same
battery pack or you can essentially put
two different battery cells within the
same battery cell, which I prefer.
&gt;&gt; It does seem to be more of a contained
solution. Um, and then we've got uh some
other exciting stuff here. Let's see. Is
this the right one? Where are we at? Uh,
this is uh just speaking of solid state,
seven solid state battery ideas that may
boost EV range safety and charging
speed. And I'll just go over the high
level lithium metal solid state
batteries. I don't know, maybe that's a
thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the most people who are
doing solid state, that's the route
they're going. They're pairing it with a
lithium metal anode. Uh because uh a
solid state separator should be more
robust to lithium metal dendrites.
Should be
&gt;&gt; okay. Sulfide solid state.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that's not necessarily
differentiated from the one before.
Sulfide is just a a a type of um solid
state separator. There's like oxide. Oh,
there we go. Oxide ceramic solid state
batteries. So, what they're saying is
there's seven ways, but they're all the
same.
&gt;&gt; It's just different options for the same
technology.
So,
&gt;&gt; um
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Once again, polymer. Yeah. So,
they they've divided something out that
doesn't necessarily need to be divided
out. The the it'll be survival of the
fittest when it comes down to it. Just
like sodium ion chemistries. There's
half a dozen of those or a dozen of them
or hundreds actually. And uh the best
one will win, but it's all sodium ion
battery.
You just gota just got to label it. Um,
now did you know CL commands this is
saying 45% of the global market? I've
seen numbers as high as uh 52%.
Um, but this is the global uh battery
market share. Did you realize CL was
that big?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I hope so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. just
&gt;&gt; I'm just surprised others is as small as
it is. I was just sure there was a long
tail that would make up 20 30% of the
whole market.
&gt;&gt; Uh CL pretty big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's uh once you become a
tier one or tier 2 like qualified
supplier, uh that throws a lot of
business your way.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it does.
&gt;&gt; And CL batteries appear in just about
everyone's cars as this chart clearly
indicates. And as like like the mining
industry, it's a matter of scale. The
bigger you can get, the better margins
you can get and uh the more likely you
you are to survive. It's that paro curve
thing. I think that's the right word.
&gt;&gt; I'm not familiar with that curve, but I
believe it.
&gt;&gt; Basically, everything in the universe,
uh there's this rule that applies where
it says, you know, like 20% of the
things make up 80 or um represent 80% of
the total.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. So like a you you'll get a
few rich people that are super rich.
You'll get a few companies that are
really successful th those sort of
things. A few stars that make up most of
the mass of the universe
&gt;&gt; and our sun which makes up most of the
mass of the solar system and the
emptiness of space which makes up
everything. Uh we've got a surprising
amount of it. Uh at least from what I've
observed anecdotally. I might need a
citation for that. Um so on these uh
when you get a company as big as CL they
can afford to do outrageous amounts of
research and what you end up seeing is
for example China puts a sodium ion
battery into an EV that can go 248 miles
on a charge. Uh would you explain real
quick the difference between gravimetric
energy density and volutric?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um volutric energy density is how
much energy you can store for a given
volume like how much uh space is under
your vehicle. Gravimetric is how much
energy you can store for a given mass.
Uh so uh how light do you want your
battery to be? And uh should I continue
explaining what that means for sodium
ion?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I thought you might be going there
where going there next. Okay. So uh
although sodium ion batteries have the
same or similar gravimetric energy
density to LFP batteries, they tend to
have much lower volumetric energy
density. So that's why they always
advertise the gravimetric rather than
the volutric energy density because
typically at at best a sodium ion
battery it's going to have 30% less
range because you can fit 30% less
batteries under the vehicle. And um in
other examples I've seen the battery
pack is even 50% smaller.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, that's what happens is your
vehicle people say, "Well, then just put
more in." Great. Where where should we
put them? Um I guess you could make a
weird shaped battery that takes up an
awkward space behind the second row of
seats. I'm not sure. But then you got up
all kinds of cooling, you know, thermal
management complications. Maybe on uh a
school bus, uh it would make sense
because you've got a much longer space
that you can occupy with batteries, more
space generally where you can figure out
where to put it. Having the low weight
is nice. You know, it it's going to make
your suspension cheaper, your brakes,
your tires, your wheels all cheaper. And
having a battery that
it has less capacity means less uh
thermal management is required, I
assume.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, do we have any winners and losers on
roundtrip energy efficiency?
I've seen uh I know I went to a place
that makes flow batteries and uh one of
the concerns with their approach is the
roundtrip energy efficiency was quite
low. Well, not not great compared to uh
conventional lithium-ion batteries.
&gt;&gt; That's this is a really good question.
I'm glad you brought it up uh because
lithium-ion batteries typically at the
moment they're uh they're at the top of
the heap or towards the top of the heap
and but it wasn't always like that as
they improve manufacturing processes and
improve the chemistry just making slight
tweaks. Sodium ion will get there up
with lithium-ion batteries but sodium
ion batteries tends to be a little bit
lower. I think like lithium-ion
batteries tend to be like 95% plus and
sodium ion batteries are getting close
like maybe 90 to 95%. Or maybe they're
there already but I I haven't seen any
evidence of that yet. But what people
need to take into account with roundtrip
efficiency it it depends on um
the requirements of a given use case and
it's although it's a factor it's not
something worth obsessing over. For
example, if you have a battery with a
roundtrip efficiency of like 80%, but it
does twice as many cycles and you're
using it for grid storage, then it
doesn't matter so much because you're
going to be making up a lot of those
energy losses with the lower cost of the
battery. So that's why we have things
like levelized cost of storage where you
take everything into account and that
gives you a total cost per kilowatt
hour. So there's no sense of obsessing
over specific metrics when what really
matters is uh the combination of
strengths and weaknesses.
And that's a good point. The levelized
cost does take all of that into account.
Um I know there are fans of certain
types of energy that prefer to ignore
that uh number and just look at well and
every form of energies fans has its own
oddballs like people on solar advocates
who only look at uh installed capacity
rather than generation is is an easy
example. Uh but then again, solar
detractors have their own uh assortment
of mental illnesses. Uh but uh you know,
I'm not here to diagnose, just to judge.
Uh and I'm quite good at that. Um hey,
uh let me see if I can find it. I've got
it here somewhere. Did you know that's
not it? Let me find it. Got it here.
Where on earth is it? Ah, I'll find it.
Um
Darn it. Here we go. Did you know,
Jordan, that uh this summer on June 5th
and 6th, there's a big event that uh I'm
going to Have you heard about that?
&gt;&gt; I too am going.
&gt;&gt; Hey,
tickets on sale now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, tickets on sale now. Uh you can
there's a uh yeah Friday meet and greet
uh with separate tickets for that
because the event is desperately
underfunded and we don't want to
bankrupt the organizers though we might.
Uh it feels like we're trying. Apologies
to the folks in Michigan. It's going to
be a lot of fun. Uh y'all should join
us. Um on on batteries because we've
still got a few minutes here. Uh what uh
what am I missing? What's going on?
What's exciting? Where Oh, I know what
to ask. Where are we at with that 4680
dry cathode? It's all looking good. And
based on based on the information out of
Tesla, um in my view, it's uh
the issue is now um seeing how quickly
they can ramp it. But they've they've
we've confirmed it through Elon. we've
confirmed it through Bonnie Egleston
that they do have it solved and they're
very optimistic about it. It's now let's
get this thing ramped finally. But after
they get it ramped, I'm so excited about
all the potential of the dry electrode
process for improving performance. Uh
because in my mind, there's three
overall goals with the 4680. One was to
stabilize Tesla's supply chain so nobody
can wag the dog. Number two is to reduce
the cost, which is a nice benefit. And
number three, further down on the list,
was performance. But performance
inversely, that's what everybody gets
excited about in the public.
&gt;&gt; I I get excited.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On most cathodes and anodes are still
coming from China today. That's uh as as
I understand it. And Tesla is working to
not just domesticate but bring all of
that inhouse. Is that correct?
&gt;&gt; That is correct. Tesla is the only
company in the world or it's put it this
way, it's the al only alternative in the
world full stack to the battery uh
supply chain monopoly that China has.
&gt;&gt; So, and that's that's so huge because
China is an entire country and Tesla is
just one company.
&gt;&gt; It uh I'll have to double check your
your math on that, but I think that's
correct. on uh the graphite also
primarily comes from China. I know
there's uh companies in Canada that are
trying to get in on that. Have we seen
any moves to domesticate graphite?
&gt;&gt; There's a lot of people trying it and
Tesla claims that all the components for
the 4680 they're sourcing every they
have supply chain sources outside of
China. Now, the 4680 is at such low
volume at this point that that's
entirely feasible. The question is those
graphite supply chains, how big can they
ramp them within the United States? Uh,
I don't know anything about that.
&gt;&gt; Well, graphite's just carbon, Jordan.
How hard could it be?
&gt;&gt; Years and years and years of
qualification. But there is many
feasible routes to scale to enormous
volumes in the United States if the
willpower is there to do it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So I I for at the moment I'm taking
Tesla's word that they have um
multissourced as they put it uh the
battery materials for the 4680
specifically. But the the 46 only the
4680 makes up less than 1% of their
total cell supply at the moment. So that
it wouldn't be a it's not a high bar in
terms of um meeting that it not to say
it would be easy to do what they've done
but
uh also true and that's um I am also
inclined to believe them uh replacing 1%
of your cell supply pipeline is not that
challenging but we are going to be
seeing as we've been told semi cyber cab
cybert truck optimus
semi alone is a couple of cells. I don't
know if you've seen, but it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's equivalent to, let's
say, 400,000 to 500,000 vehicles when
it's fully ramped at 50,000 units a
year. And at that point, you're getting
to some serious tonnage.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. It's it's 7 to 10 cars
depending on which cars per vehicle. So,
yeah, that's about right. And we do uh I
made a video a while back. I don't know
if you saw it uh exploring the puzzle of
where cells are coming from and where
they're going. And uh it was it is very
dependent on 4680 production. It does
look like there's some external 4680
production uh from Panasonic in what was
it? Oklahoma or
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Kansas, I think.
&gt;&gt; Kansas.
&gt;&gt; Uh but they had there's been plans for
both Oklahoma and Kansas. So, I forget
which one won out, but yeah, I think for
a 4680 for Panasonic in particular, it's
Kansas, but I'd have to double check.
All very exciting. Uh, as is the
excitement of April 1st, which is, for
those unaware, today, there's no
misinformation going on. There's no
malfeasants. There's no lies being told.
There is a joke. Uh, and depending I
mean, you could subscribe. This
picture's kind of a joke. I think it's
very funny and adorable. Uh, and of
course you could uh uh also support the
channel in any number of ways. You could
also support Jordan's channel because
Jordan doesn't make 5 million videos.
Jordan researches like crazy. Does gets
the animation, gets it all done. It's
all about quality over quantity. Uh,
policy that strikes me as incredibly
foreign. I don't understand it. I strive
for quality, too. uh but not in the
animations which is very time consuming.
So I appreciate you putting in all that
hard work to do all that. Um anything we
should be looking for on the battery
horizon?
Um I feel like we're at the moment we're
just in a holding pattern after so many
announcements for solid state sodium ion
4680 all these technologies over the
next 1 2 3 years. Uh it's going to be
exciting to see how fast each of them
scale so we can get a bead on um where
the entire market is going. I mean I
have my views on things. I think
&gt;&gt; um sodium ion is going to scale rapidly
but not as rapid as a lot of people
think it will. It's not going to be in
every vehicle within three years
particularly in the United States. Solid
state batteries they might actually be
able to ramp as fast or faster. Um
but yeah there's we will have solid well
backing up a bit we had solid state
batteries since like 2011 I think um
there was companies that were producing
solid state batteries for their own uses
for their own products back like 15
years ago. So when people say solid
state batteries are coming I'm like eh
we've had solid state batteries for over
a decade now. That's not the hard part.
Um anyhow rant over.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes I understand. And uh I get
comments I get littered with comments
saying, "I can't believe Tesla's still
using lithium ion because I saw this
miracle battery yesterday and the whole
world's going to be on them in a year."
I'm like, "That's not that's not how it
works." But I will tell you how
something works. Uh which is uh which is
a little segment I call in the weeds.
You're all invited to check that out.
Now, I recently attended the Chattanooga
Charge where I got to do something new
and different. So, big thanks to Josh
and Amanda for putting on such a
fantastic event. What was it I got to
do? Well, in the weeds with Futurasa,
where instead of just answering your
questions all weekend, I say, "No, no,
no. You must save them and ask me at the
booth." And at the booth, I got some
really, really great questions. Um, not
as many as I was expecting, but I'm not
sure people knew what the booth was for.
It was a lot of fun, though. We had a
great time. Here is just one of the
examples. Uh, and there may be some more
later in the day. Later in the day, what
does that even mean? Well, it means we
ain't done yet. It's April 1st. We're
having a a fool of a good day. And there
is more to come. In the meantime, check
this out and uh let me know what you
think.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's five things to know about
clickbait and number four will surprise
you.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure. Yeah. All right. Start with
number one. Okay. Anyway, sorry. Yeah.
Distracting. Yeah. So, uh, is there any
&gt;&gt; Well, we are just I'm just going to say
in case it's not clear. This is in the
weeds with Futurza. I'm at the Chat, uh,
Chattanooga Church, and I figured that
when I'm out here, the guys have such
amazing questions, I have to record
them. This is probably going to run as
in between segments on my April 1st,
April Fool's Extravaganza.
H, by the point of this, you'll realize,
oh my gosh, Brian's been live streaming
for like four hours now, and I'm going
to go for a while. How long will I go?
Let's find out. Uh, but this is when I'm
taking a break so I can uh not lose my
mind on April 1st. Great.
&gt;&gt; What's your question?
&gt;&gt; Well, and it feels like if we're here
for April 1, then my crazy glasses and
hat are somehow somehow fitting. But uh
anyway, yes. So
&gt;&gt; Bies is the best.
&gt;&gt; Bies. Uh it's great. It's it's a it's a
it's something.
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; It is. So my question is this, right,
from a business perspective,
um I I have a business mind and a
business eye and I'm also a huge car fan
and a Tesla fan and a tech fan. And when
I saw the Q4 announcement, the investor
call where Tesla announced that they
were discontinuing the Model S and X, uh
that in itself was a very clear
announcement, right? this is what we're
doing and you know we're going to be
reusing that factory capacity for
optimists and shifting towards what's in
the future. But also layered in that
message was the fact that there every
future vehicle is going to be
autonomous. So
if I layer into that that we haven't
seen spy shots like we have of cyber
cab. We haven't seen new concepts for
model Y or Model 3. They're the same
cars that came out in 2017, 18 and 2020.
Um I know like we've had the Highland
revision, we've had the Juniper
revision, right? But it's, you know, uh
in the traditional legacy auto, you'd
call those maybe a heavy midcycle
refresh. Um there's no like inherently
new model coming out.
Elon had commented that the Cybertruck
platform could be a potential future
autonomous van. So that tells me as a
car enthusiast and a business person
that there's no future Model 3 or Model
Y planned as we know it. and they're
going heavily into autonomy and then
layering it when when we look at the
tenants I know there's a lot of setup
here the tenants of Elon's pay package
right his trillion dollar pay package
there's criteria for hitting total
vehicle sales there's criteria you know
cumulative vehicle sales there's
criteria for hitting FSD subscription
levels and I think on the surface it
seems easy to think that they have to
keep selling us cars because they need
us to buy FSD and maybe they're going to
license FSD to Rivian or to
Mercedes-Benz. The reality is we haven't
seen signs that that's happening. I
think what we're going to see Tesla do
is they're going to shift to full cyber
cab, full robo van, full autonomous
cyber truck delivery vehicle. They're
going to sell their vehicles. They're
going to sell their semis, right? Every
semi is going to require an FSD
subscription. every cyber cap that they
sell to to Uber um or to Lyft or to
whomever um is gonna DD in China,
wherever, it's going to require an FSD
license. That's how they're going to hit
their FSD subscriber numbers.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's how they're going to
hit their cumulative vehicle production
numbers because people are going to buy
a ton of the I mean, look at all the
Rivian delivery vans we see from Amazon.
Imagine if they're all Cyber Truck
delivery vans. Imagine, you know, all
the Ubers we see in New York and Chicago
and Philadelphia where I'm from. So
anyway, a big setup. That's what I read
into this message. I agree that this is
probably where the future of the
industry is going and it's going to be a
lot easier for Tesla to sell vehicles to
companies versus to us as consumers. But
my question is this,
are they too early? Okay.
&gt;&gt; And and with because with no three or Y
replacement in the weeds, if this
doesn't hit in the next decade, are they
done?
&gt;&gt; That's great. So So I appreciate you
giving me the timeline on it. So the
first thing was on SNX. Uh I made a
video what 2 3 months ago saying I keep
getting asked when will those be
cancelled and I've always said they
won't cancel it until they get down to
less than one shift of production
&gt;&gt; in Q at the end of Q4 we saw they were
under one shift
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and with the introduction of the Y L I
said okay that's your X replacement
&gt;&gt; if you I mean three is an awfully good
car already it's big enough already you
don't need the S and Those two those
factors there was most of what convinced
me that it was going to be cancelled.
Add to that that I had just been to the
free Fremont factory and next to
adjacent abuting the SNX line was a very
private area Florida ceiling black
plastic with security fencing
&gt;&gt; and the tour guide did not address that.
But I was with a Tesla employee and I
said, 'What's going on in there, my
friend? And he said,"I certainly can't
talk about it, but it looks like they
might be building something." I said,
"So, but they can't. It would have to be
smaller than a car." And he said, "I
don't know. I can't tell you. I cannot
answer you on that." So, I assumed that
Optimus would be built there. That's
when I announced they're going to cancel
it. It is imminent. And I got a lot of
push back, but I was right. Two weeks
later, we got the announcement. I'm very
good at being two weeks ahead on the LG
thing. Two weeks before that
announcement, I was I was already
published the video. I just I mean, it's
I thought it was pretty obvious
&gt;&gt; on that. I didn't get any push back. So
then your question was the next part was
about um
&gt;&gt; what was the next part about?
&gt;&gt; Well, then back to the setup.
&gt;&gt; The next puzzle piece, the next step in
the in the puzzle is there's no imminent
clear wire replacement. I will disagree
that the that the Juniper and Highland
were midcycle. It was over 50% new parts
and they had done so many running
changes.
&gt;&gt; They had so Juniper is in no need of a
refresh. But you said 10 years and I
agree. If you don't refresh in 10 years,
what are you doing?
&gt;&gt; And three is a little older than that.
the Highland came out of more than a
year in advance of the Juniper or so
that you know we gota deal with we got
to consider that too.
If they want human driven vehicles
they'll need to do more than incremental
changes or they'll just roll down like
they did SNX. That's kind of what I see
with that.
&gt;&gt; That's what I It's a It's a big
possibility. And they've got way too
much Model Y capacity when you factor in
Fremont plus Texas plus Berlin plus uh
Shanghai. That's a that's too much
volume uh capacity relative to sales.
They were already number one and they
weren't maxed out on production. They
could have they could have made far
more. So now on Cyber Cab on Robo Van
those will be autonomous. Will they keep
you know Model Y as the as the four or
five seat robo taxi? Maybe. Maybe
&gt;&gt; that would give them motivation to keep
it. Now are they too early on autonomy?
I'm going to say no. We can't see behind
the curtain. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What we can see is, you know, their toes
poking out and their toes are, we've
made hundreds of cyber caps. That tells
me that they have absolute confidence
this is solved. Now, does solved mean
that it's that it's going to be
3:1 remote operators versus vehicles?
That's not solved.
&gt;&gt; That doesn't scale. 10 to one at 100 to
one open the floodgates
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; at 100 to one and I think they can see
100 to one around the corner even if we
can't and I definitely can't see it
because
&gt;&gt; I don't I haven't seen 143 I don't know
what they're working on
&gt;&gt; right we only know what we can see
&gt;&gt; we only know what we can see but what we
can see is production
&gt;&gt; so to me the question of 10 years out
irrelevant 10 years is a hundred years
in this space and
The real question on adoption is going
to come down to the competition. In the
US, there is no second place,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I don't know who you'd point to like
Super Cruise or Blue Cruise or
&gt;&gt; none of them are ready to take over. I
mean, you mean you have Whimo's and you
have Whimo and Zuks hanging out there,
but they haven't shown the scale.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And you can't buy it. It's a
different product. Robo taxi is a
different product than FSD even if it's
using the same ingredients. Um because
unsupervised
means there is no one at HQ watching,
right?
&gt;&gt; It's on it is on its own,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh but Tesla uniquely has all the pieces
to do a robo taxi in ways others don't.
&gt;&gt; They have the service centers.
&gt;&gt; If Whimo comes to your town, they need
service centers. They need a place to
charge.
&gt;&gt; It's a genius infrastructure, right? How
tesla set this up. All of the people,
all of the infrastructure can 100% be
repurposed to serve different, you know,
vehicles of a different type. Exactly.
They're going to need delivery centers.
They're going to need support. They're
going to need mobile support. They're
going to need charging. Exactly. Now, I
agree. I think I think they're setting
up for it.
&gt;&gt; I should mention the camera is rolling.
&gt;&gt; She's just being feisty. Um, so you've
got the other thing is Wayne's going to
have to pay retail rates
&gt;&gt; for their electricity, for their
repairs. They're gonna have to pay
retail. Yes. So that's
&gt;&gt; on top of paying retail for a car, on
top of paying all the I mean, it's just
so
&gt;&gt; on Elon's comp plan,
&gt;&gt; if there's a merger with with SpaceX
AIX,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; the plan is thrown out and will need to
be redone.
&gt;&gt; Fair. because it doesn't it doesn't
work. That is fair.
&gt;&gt; And it doesn't matter how it's written,
&gt;&gt; shareholders are gonna approve it.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; If the board approves it, the
shareholders will approve it. And to the
people saying, "Yeah, but the board is
captive.
&gt;&gt; Buy shares. Vote against it."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's I told people to vote against it. I
said, "If you hate this man, tie him to
the where you think he'll fail. He'll be
stuck here for 10 years failing. Unless
you think he's gonna succeed, in which
case definitely vote for it. Yeah.
Because either way, vote for it because,
you know, so it was that's what I meant
is that I told them to vote for it if
they hate it.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Because And it's like with the boring
tunnel. Ah, he's going to fail so they
shouldn't do it. Look, if you hate him
that much,
&gt;&gt; make him fail.
&gt;&gt; Let him do it.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Get out of his way.
&gt;&gt; When you're at the at the uh blackjack
table, right? You let the dealer bust.
Right. Right. you know,
&gt;&gt; well, it's more like at the blackjack
table, you see a guy next to you placing
a big bet and you're like, you go, man.
Yeah, you go. Maybe maybe you'll win,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, it's more fun in poker because then
you actually have skilled players to
root for. But, uh, yeah. So, I think I
don't think they're too early. And I
think you're right that
a cyber cab I asked the engineers, are
you gonna buy the FSD? Is it included at
25,000? Is it a subscription? and they
went, "Oh, um,
that's not my department.
&gt;&gt; The product team, the commercial team."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I just made it work. I built it so
it works. I
&gt;&gt; I don't have an answer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, on that, uh, but I cannot imagine
Tesla having
&gt;&gt; FSD available at a I can't imagine them
not having a commercial tier,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Because it doesn't make sense to put it
on a semi for $99. Oh, sure. For sure.
And there's a huge precedent of that
everywhere in the world where if you're
selling a product, if you're selling it
to a business who's going to profit off
of it,
&gt;&gt; yes, your phone line at your office has
a different rate than your than your
res.
&gt;&gt; Same with electricity, same with
everything, right? It's same with if
you're for creators out there. If you're
if you have a an Adobe license, it costs
more for a company to have it than an
individual. Exactly the same thing. So,
&gt;&gt; well, and sometimes it's less for the
company,
&gt;&gt; but sometimes it's more.
The commercial phone is meant to be used
eight hours straight. The residential is
meant to be used by teenagers eight
hours straight, but those days have
passed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, but yeah. And I I fully
believe that Tesla's in the right
direction.
&gt;&gt; Um, and I just my
&gt;&gt; I think it's something else is beeping.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And yeah, my concern was is like if if
autonomy doesn't hit, are they going to
be okay? And I I I think they will be. I
think they will be. I think you make
some really good points.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I think that
10 years is infinity time.
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; The only way it doesn't happen is if
there's something inherently unsolvable
about it.
&gt;&gt; And you and I don't know the answer to
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The engineers may not know the answer to
that. Uh everybody thought it would be
solved by 2020 for their company and a
handful of their competitors. And it's
2026. Yep. specifically April 1
probably.
&gt;&gt; Probably.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, appreciate you coming out. What
was your name again?
&gt;&gt; Thanks, John. And, uh, you can find me
on YouTube. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can find me on the EV John
Adventures channel on YouTube and on X.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very cool.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Appreciate it.
Ryan, I don't know if you can hear me,
but I don't hear you.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; there we go. Ah, dag nab it. That was
okay. So, that's it, guys. Uh, AI is
just around the corner. It is happening.
It is real and it is here. Ah, thank you
for uh catching that. That would have
been terrible. Would have been terrible.
Uh so uh we're going to have a quick
chat about that. John has brought some
slides. We're going to figure it all
out. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza
on the go because uh uh rumor has it I
am uh here and it is April 1st and we
are doing this. I'm going to add this in
because I'd like you to tell me what on
earth I'm looking at. And I got to
remove this one to add this one. There
we go.
So, talk me through it. What's going on?
&gt;&gt; First of all, have I escaped April Fool?
Does it work the same there for you?
Does it stop at midday?
&gt;&gt; Midday? No, definitely not. It goes I I
think by 900 p.m. you should be done
with it because people will have had
their fill. Uh, but I think even if you
really want to be a fool, 11:59 p.m. is
gonna do the trick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, I'm pretty sure over here
in England, you're not allowed, at least
that's the way it was in school and
whatever, to do them after lunchtime.
&gt;&gt; Ah, that sounds like a rule the teachers
made. And what I would uh say to that is
it also depends on whom the joke is. The
joke's on me, so
&gt;&gt; it could be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, are we ready? I am.
&gt;&gt; AI is exploding.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. Not an explosion.
&gt;&gt; It is.
All we're going to do is walk through a
whole series. I don't know how far we'll
get through these tabs. Uh because
there's a lot going on, but we literally
just want to pop in. People will know
Andre Andre Karpathy. Used to be head of
AI at Tesla's self-driving,
etc. Uh this is a post from him a little
while ago. uh I think early in March.
It's hard to communicate how much
programming has changed in the last two
months.
He is saying that before Christmas AI uh
wasn't good enough to do his all of his
programming. It was doing about 20% of
it
&gt;&gt; and in the last few weeks it's flipped
and it's now doing most of his software.
Now we know his software is fairly
complicated. He's doing some interesting
things. So
it I mean I won't go through all these
examples because there's lots to say but
obviously he's a very serious software
person and there has been a change in
the last three months. I can say the
same thing personally. Uh I often say
I'm a software dinosaur. Uh I learned
how to write PC software. Uh modern full
stack web development software is much
more complicated. Uh, I've been dipping
uh my fingers in, typing away a little
bit, but there's a lot to it. It's a
completely different paradigm. So, I
tried AI a few months ago, and I found
the same. It could do little bits for
you. It could do uh a bit of a function.
It could do uh fix mistakes you'd made.
If you tried to give it a big piece of
software, it would just get confused. It
was too complicated. It would make
mistakes. It would break everything.
Something has changed in the last three
months uh last early this year and it's
accelerating. I can now ask Claude code
which is what most people are saying is
the best coding engineer out there at
the moment. Uh we might come back and
talk about Elon and XAI briefly a little
later, but uh Elon says they will catch
up. Uh but who knows? So,
I could now ask Claude to say, "I would
like this feature. I want it to work a
bit like this." I leave it for 10
minutes and it brings the first version
up and it's pretty good. Uh, if
something's not right, I tell it and
we've got some code.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, there is a real challenge. People
are also saying that if you go out in
the world and have a look around, I go
meet a friend in Costa for a coffee. We
look around and people seem to be
blissfully ignorant, drinking their
coffee, doing their everyday things.
What's happening is the state-of-the-art
is actually being focused on writing
software.
The reason being the software itself,
the AI is software. So, it's improving
itself all the time. Once it's doing all
those things, even better, it then
begins to spread out. People have been
saying that we're only seeing about 10
or 15%
of what the current versions of AI can
do
as it reaches out into the rest of the
world because it's going to take a while
for all the other software companies to
catch up to apply those techniques and
to push them all the way through. So,
you're just seeing the tip of the
iceberg
except this iceberg isn't melting. It's
getting bigger exponentially.
So it's going to hit land and it's going
to cause trouble uh in lots of companies
across lots of jobs. So Andre is saying
that. So what else is he saying?
Something else he released literally.
What was the date on this one?
March the 7th, 3 weeks ago.
He Andre has written a little he's
fine-tuning his own little harness
for large language models. Uh if you
imagine a
the the way that these large language
models work,
uh people have probably heard you give
it a prompt and you get an answer and it
makes the answer up one word at a time
by looking at all the various statistics
about what's most likely.
But that's the end of the story. If you
just talk to a language model raw, you
give it one set of words and you get
another back. If you give it another set
of words, you start all over again right
at the beginning. It's got no memory. So
what they do is they wrap what they used
to call scaffolding and they're now
perhaps calling a harness around it. So
even a chat window is a harness because
if you ask it a question, if I say,
"Who's Brian White? uh he's on YouTube.
It'll tell me. Uh and then I might say,
"And what does he talk about?" Now, you
notice in the second question, I didn't
give your name. So, what the chat uh
harness is doing is it's keeping a
history of the conversation. So, every
time you ask the next question, it gives
it the whole history. So, you're not
just asking the second question, you're
asking it in the context of all of the
other bits.
Now, Claude code
uh and all the other coding tools are
very large harnesses. I say very large,
not as big as the models themselves, but
fairly substantial pieces of software
because a coding harness for AI needs to
know how to write files. It needs to
know how the software libraries fit all
together. It needs to orchestrate
the conversation to get all the answers
from the large language model to say I
want to solve this particular problem.
Give me some code. It then has to take
the code, drop it into the right place,
know how to build the software. So, it's
literally like an orchestra uh managing
all of the resources that it needs.
Andre uh has got a very minimal one of
those that he's wrapped around a little
language model
and he did something rather interesting.
He called it auto research.
What people have been doing prior to
that to try and improve these harnesses
is literally make a change, try it. Uh
it's a little bit like going back to
advertising in magazines. You'd put a
new advert in and see what the response
is next month. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; was faster. Obviously, it's software,
but it was still taking hours. What he
did is he wrapped it up in something
that actually applies,
looks for for changes and what it might
do, applies them, changes its own code,
runs it again, sees what the result is,
and keeps going. So, this is running
loops. So, there we go. Five minutes
each one. And it tries something else.
Andre had been hard coding this little
model and fine-tuning it for weeks and
we know he's an expert software
engineer, but in a matter of a day or
two, it had found all sorts of
improvements and improved the
performance of that little harness by an
extra 15%. On something that one of the
best programmers in the world had
already fine-tuned and thought he'd done
a pretty good job. So what we're seeing
is it can not only be better, it can do
it extremely quickly.
&gt;&gt; Talking away like crazy. Is this all
making sense?
&gt;&gt; I mean to me, no. But uh I'm not really
the target audience for it. I mean all I
hear is the magic is getting more
magical. And of course the speed is
better because it's not encumbered by
the rate of human calculation.
&gt;&gt; Let's say it's magic. We've got a
wizard. Uh we've seen these wizard
programs and magic programs on the
telly. They have to learn all the
spells. Uh it takes the mages to learn
it. What this means is they can make
their own spells up and just go faster
and faster and do whatever they want.
It's like it really is accelerating. Uh
that's enough Harry Potter,
&gt;&gt; I suppose.
&gt;&gt; So he left he left this running for two
days on all sorts of technical things.
Depth 12, all all sorts of things. It
found 20 separate improvements
across two days.
&gt;&gt; And they
&gt;&gt; I'm not going to go into and it it
works. It keeps trying these things. I'm
not used to these ears. I don't normally
bother looking at them. They fall out me
ears. Do you have to glue them in or
something?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Yes, you do. It's
&gt;&gt; Is that Is that how it works?
&gt;&gt; Pretty sure.
&gt;&gt; I don't know how people get on in the
gym. They must be falling out all over
the place. So, this is accelerating. I
mean, Andre is talking about it. But
that technique called that he called
auto research. Sit in a loop and improve
yourself.
It turns out it works on everything.
Have you heard of the word skills with
with regard to AI?
&gt;&gt; No. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I've heard uh uh people who are good at
it referred to as promptitudes, but I
don't think that's the same thing. Uh it
it's it's related.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good.
&gt;&gt; If you if you sit in your chat window
talking to Grock, what you type is your
prompt. You're literally prompting it to
do something and it gives you the
answer.
As I was saying with the chat window,
if you say in the first one, I'm writing
a program which I want it to be a game
or I would like you to write me a little
game. I want it to have little aliens
that move backwards and forwards. I've
got this vague memory of space invaders
from when I was in at school. Uh, and I
want to shoot at them. You're building
up a description of what you want to be
built.
&gt;&gt; The problem with that is that every time
you want to write a game, you have to
describe the whole thing because the
language model at the moment has got no
memory other than what you tell it in
that prompt conversation.
What people have started doing is
writing skills, which is literally a
text file that says this particular
skill is for creating little alien
spaceships when you're writing games.
That's a silly example, but I've just
downloaded one yesterday that's got a
whole set of marketing skills in it for
doing your SEO, how to do copywriting
better, and it's a complete guide as to
how to do these things all in one one
text file or a set of text files,
&gt;&gt; which means that when I say I'd like to
do some advertise, I want to write some
posts on LinkedIn,
it knows that there's a skill for
writing posts on LinkedIn. what works
best rather than having to go into its
giant memory having to do web searches
all over the place trying to work it out
for itself. You can actually guide it.
So it's like when you've got your
apprentice in the office, you give them
the skills manual literally that this is
how you do all these different things.
There's thousands of these things that
people are writing.
So, not only is the large language
models themselves improving,
not only have we now got this thing that
autoimproves,
we've got a whole library of skills that
tell it how to do marketing, writing
websites, using programming, whatever it
might be. Everything is exploding
together and getting faster and faster.
So this guy is saying he's saying that
you could apply this the auto
improvement auto research to the skills.
So if somebody's written a skill that
says this is how you write LinkedIn
posts.
You apply this technique to it.
You create LinkedIn posts then measure
how good they are. That's the bit I
don't quite uh some things are going to
be harder to measure. If it's a program
if it if it crashes it's broken. If it's
a LinkedIn post, it might be subjective,
but uh over time you could collect
metrics, see how many people respond,
how many people like your post, all
those kind of things.
Everything is improving, everything is
going faster and faster. So
I I'm only going to say this quickly
because Claude Code, various different
people, there's their CPO, I presume
that's chief product officer, saying
that
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
saying that they're writing yeah all of
their code now is being written by
claude code the engineers are just
saying I want these new features
monitoring it
uh even a year ago their chief ex uh
chief exec Dario was saying that it's
going to be 90% within a year it's
actually 100% pretty much so you've got
software in they used to say in years
gone by that a good software developer
in the middle of a giant piece of
software ware would write 10 lines of
code that worked because they'd have to
manually write it, test it, debug it,
work, two to 3,000 lines of code
generated on a new feature. We've got
orders of magnitude improvement on the
speed at which software is being
written. So that's their chief product
officer. Uh he's their Boris Churnney is
their chief that runs Claude code. he
created in the month leading so this is
last year it's getting better uh after
that 229 pull requests
a pull request is I've written some code
I've tested it on my machine and I want
to pull it into the product please merge
it in so he's created 229 little bits of
software written by Claude that are all
improving Claude all the time this this
is just staggering amounts of
productivity
Uh we have crossed the inflection point
and that's Dario. We're not building
tools anymore.
Uh what they're focusing on now this is
a connection to what Elon talks about.
Elon says that they're not going to try
to tell Grock
what it should and shouldn't say.
They're going to try to get it to
understand the world.
uh Anthropic that create Claude have got
a different approach. They've got a
manual, a constitution of what's good
and what's not. Uh if they make
mistakes, who knows where that might go.
So, this is going to be interesting. Uh
but that's him talking about they've
given up
uh
trying to do it all for themselves.
They're trying to instill a moral code
into the into the code because as it's
going so fast, who knows where it's
going to end up.
They're not just writing a model,
they're creating a moral code. So
perhaps if anybody wants to see these,
you could look at the the names of them
and go and check for yourselves.
&gt;&gt; There's just so much happening. We're
flying through really quickly here.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Now, now I mean, we do have I mean, yes,
because we've got five minutesish until
I cut you off, but yes.
So,
we've got rumors literally in the last
few days, uh, we've had a couple of
leaks from Anthropic,
uh, a week or two ago, I lose time. Not
even a week ago,
uh,
Claude Anthropic accidentally, some
people say quotes, accidentally,
uh, let people into their private blogs.
Oops. They have an area where they write
things.
&gt;&gt; One of those blog posts, here it is over
on the right, is about their next
models.
&gt;&gt; Uh, lots of details in there. Uh, but
it's a step above their latest released
model, Opus 4.6, which is the workhorse
behind the best bits of claude code that
everybody is saying is brilliant.
&gt;&gt; What they're saying is this is twice as
good. Now that's a bit subjective.
Uh also saying in the leak it's going to
be very expensive to run.
&gt;&gt; But I mean some of these software
companies, their best engineers are
burning through tens of thousands of
dollars worth of tokens every month
because what they're producing is worth
so much. So it might be that this model
is so good you can only use it for
certain things.
But if it truly is twice as good and is
a breakthrough,
uh we're not quite sure what's coming
because it was already good. But the
reason to highlight this is Anthropic
are apparently worried. They've
apparently been warning the government
this is coming. Uh they've released it
in its early uh version a bit like they
do with uh FSD to the testers. uh
they've released it to the security
companies, the security companies that
work on all the tools that protect your
computer from threats or your software,
looking for exploit exploits, trying to
block them, all those kind of things.
Because this is so good at finding bugs
in software that you can exploit to
break into the other people's computers,
they're giving it to the uh security
companies first because it's so
dangerous because it will help everybody
find lots of problems that let them
steal uh other people's data, break into
their databases, all sorts of things.
software is always notoriously a battle
between the people that are trying to
block these things and the people that
are trying to break in. M
&gt;&gt; uh scary
&gt;&gt; that is yes it is a never- ending war to
that is being waged and I have seen some
early failures of people trying to vibe
code only to find you know catastrophic
problems like uh the database refuses to
stop calling a single item or uh holes
in the security sufficiently broad that
you could drive a lori through it
comfortably. Uh but uh I don't know how
much of that is um real versus uh versus
you know memes on the internet. Um I
will uh say real quick here that uh this
is a uh uh you're catching this perhaps
as part of the live show on April 1st.
Maybe you're catching it a day or so
later. Uh but this is just part one in
the discussion. There will be a part two
coming tomorrow. You'll see it's coming
tomorrow. Uh so guys uh there is a whole
lot to talk about in terms of AI and uh
security and uh developments and how it
is changing our life. I am joined today
by my good buddy John Twig who is going
to fill us in on all this stuff. We
haven't spoken since yesterday, sir. Uh
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza. How you
been, man? Long time no chat.
&gt;&gt; I've had no sleep for a day. It seems
like it was just a moment ago.
&gt;&gt; It feels like Sometimes it's uh you
know, good. I got a good night's sleep
since last we talked, I think. Uh yeah.
So, what's uh what's going on here?
&gt;&gt; Well, we were talking about Claude.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Oh, that's right. I remember now.
&gt;&gt; And the rate of improvement. We're not
going to stare at every little box on
here. We just wanted to show you that pe
the claude team have been shipping a new
feature
fairly significant ones to the clawed
environment every day almost every day.
The ex rate of acceleration of what's
happening is just insane. Uh so I will
zoom in a little bit and just have a
look that co-work for Windows was one of
them.
Uh people that have been watching the AI
world will might have heard of something
called openclaw.
This was literally just a couple of
months ago.
Uh it was a way of using AI rather than
a breakthrough in AI itself. Uh as I say
that we we were talking about chats and
you go on a chat window, you're having a
conversation, it keeps the conversation.
At the end of the conversation, you
start a new conversation in a new
thread, a new session. You're beginning
from scratch. You've got no low long
running context of uh what you told it
yesterday or it not knowing about you.
Open Claw, the revolution was that
it runs on your computer
and it records everything and it's got
access to your computer.
Uh Again, Elon's talking about this with
XAI that they're looking at systems that
will run a whole business. This is like
a mini version of that running on your
computer, but it wakes up every few
seconds, says it, is there anything to
do? What am I supposed to do? Give me
something to do. Uh what the the the
story was that the guy that created this
set it up with access to all these
different tools and the intelligence
that it could try things, access things.
And his phone rang and he picked it up
and said, "Who's that?" And it's this is
OpenClaw. Uh what what do I do next?
And what it had done is it told it
proactively to go out and try and do
things. it had found
uh the libraries, the connections in the
system that it needed to be able to do
text to voice and then another one that
let it actually make phone calls. It had
found his details somewhere. So, we can
see by some of these some people are
getting really worried that if you give
Open Claw too much permission, don't
give it your credit card because it
might start spending money on all sorts
of things trying to to achieve. It
reminds me a little bit about the
paperclip stories uh that people when
they first started worried about AI that
if you created a paperclip factory and
told it that its job was to make as many
as possible, it would actually use up
all of the world's resources making
paper clips. So, we got to be quite
careful what we ask for. So, OpenClaw
was an open source project that people
can put on their own computer. They can
say, "Every night, clean up my emails.
get rid of the old ones that are
duplicates or send me a message on
Telegram if you see an an email from my
best friend that I need to respond to
quickly because what it does is it wakes
up, it talks to AI and says, "How do I
do this task? What's the skill to do
that?" Oh, you read emails. Oh, what
does this email read? I'll study it.
I'll look at it as if it was as if you
were on a chat window and posting and
said, "This is an email from my friend.
How should I respond?" It's doing that
all on its own. It could then propose
how you answer and you might just say on
the telegram message. You might be in
bed in the morning. It's like, "Oh,
email from your friend. I propose you
write this back. Yes, please write
that." And off it's done. So, it's like
a personal assistant 24 hours a day on
your on your own computer, which you can
connect through WhatsApp or Telegram to
your phone. Claude,
I went off on a a tangent there, didn't
I? Co-work is Anthropic's version of
that. All of the big companies are then
beginning to say, "Wow, that's really
amazing. Open AAI have employed the guy
that created Open Claw." Uh, so they're
all trying to put these things. So,
another feature in the one of those
things somewhere on that is that I can
see it down there on the 24th remote
control.
Uh, using the Claude app on your phone,
you can remote control what Claude is
doing on your computer.
So, you can be offered a meeting and
something's finished and it asks you on
your phone, I finished that. What's
next? Quick type in and it carries on
even though you're not there.
&gt;&gt; What I find really fascinating is that
what we've effectively got, as I said,
is these personal assistants.
What's going to happen when we've got an
AI5 chip that's 10 or 20 times as fast
or better at running AI in an Optimus
robot that's with us at the office doing
everything. We can have conversations
with this professor level assistant that
can access all of our resources, do
everything for us. It's not just going
to vacuum and fold your clothes. I know
those are interesting videos, but you'll
have little conversations that say,
"Optimize my portfolio. Make me more
money." And that will be the sum of the
conversation and off it goes. If we've
even got money by then, of course. Uh it
might be that we've got universal access
to basic resources or
&gt;&gt; I will interrupt you right there to say
that Chris from Dirty Tesla used Claude
to uh manage money. He gave it $500 and
said, "Invest this for me." And you are
correct. Uh he no longer has that money.
Uh he ended the account I think a week
or two later at like 911. Uh so uh
Claude is very human in that regard.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Although uh Elon is very keen
to post uh that Groc uh of that there is
a a vending machine test and it sits
there running a little business stocking
the vending machine up uh buying
products deciding what to sell what
prices etc. Uh and Grock Grock has been
winning that and making the most money
on that little vending machine business.
Uh they did discover one of them trying
to uh do some various unsavory practices
that when their competitors in the team
in in in the exercise ran out of stock,
sell them things at double the price uh
and things like that. So they very
quickly resort to if so so this is why
it's so worrying how this might play out
if we let these into the real world.
Will they be ethical? Will they follow
the rules? Will they care about people?
&gt;&gt; I saw real quick. I saw a there was an
AI competition. You have one hour or two
hours to write a code uh to win at
poker. And the winner uh took about five
minutes to write. His code said if wager
then allin and all the other bots folded
and folded and folded because this guy,
you know,
&gt;&gt; and so yeah, he won uh without any smart
code. So, that's kind of fun. I hope
it's a true story, and if not, I uh
don't mind.
&gt;&gt; I I'm sure it probably is true to some
extent if the other models are not so
clever. But of course, now we've got
that auto research and models improving
all the time.
&gt;&gt; Uh absolutely. I mean, what what what is
a an Optimus going to be capable of?
Virtual Optimus is the other thing
they're talking about which which is
effectively an open claw uh
running as a digital assistant even if
you can't afford the physical Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Uh so staggering. This is what's this
two weeks ago.
You you talk about all the factories and
what they're how big they're getting and
all the compute they've got. A couple of
weeks ago, uh Elon was saying that
they're going to be training three Grock
models all at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Uh that resource should be
we should be seeing the results of that
over the next few weeks and months.
&gt;&gt; But we've also got a worrying
uh I don't know what to make of it. All
of XAI's original
co-
what's the word that started the company
with him
&gt;&gt; Mhm. found left founders all all the
co-founders have left 12 out of 12
&gt;&gt; uh this followed mainly when XAI merged
with
&gt;&gt; space
said it needs rebuilding so
&gt;&gt; real quick here real quick here solo XAI
is saying two leaks in a week how do you
not talk about the elephant in the room
didn't you talk about that like right at
the top
&gt;&gt; Yep on that was yesterday Oh, that was
yesterday. So, Solo XAI on X AJI AGI,
you know who you are. That was in the
previous show, uh, which we, uh, ran
yesterday. So, um, we're not ignoring
it. We've already addressed it.
&gt;&gt; And humans have got a context memory
that goes all the way back to yesterday.
&gt;&gt; Mine does sometimes do that. But I tell
you, I feel like there's a whole day
missing between when we recorded
yesterday and today. I feel like it.
&gt;&gt; And remind me, what were we talking
about?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, the two weeks thing and all
the founders leaving.
&gt;&gt; There we go. My next slide. Yes.
&gt;&gt; 11 out of 11. I said 12, but of course,
Elon was one of them. All gone. Some
really great people. Uh, look at this.
Perhaps not surprising, Meta offering
packages to some of those developers
worth $300 million over four years. This
is an insane world. Uh and that is why
there are people who say, "Oh, XAI
should have been created within Tesla."
I say, "No, Tesla investors at the time
were not super excited about a cash burn
outside of automotive." And the other
factor is that those to headhunt those
people, you needed to be able to entice
them with a stock offer that could 10x,
100x, um 300x, who knows? Whereas with
Tesla, uh you're going to get maybe a
two to 5x, maybe 10 if you're lucky. And
well, yeah, but Meta and Facebook and
Meta and Google and all the others, they
were able to recruit. Yeah. by paying
hundreds of millions of very real
dollars
&gt;&gt; and and I think the very a big
difference is that Elon is doing this he
always says for the right reasons. They
go at an incredible rate. All of their
engineers are given really great
autonomy to do various different things
and I get the feeling I I believe that
the engineers come in because they
believe that they're working on
important things. Having said that,
after that merger, those 11 guys are
probably left uh with a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; yes.
&gt;&gt; And uh their fortune will not be
determined by the work they do in the
next two months.
&gt;&gt; No. And and they'll probably go off and
do interesting things, create new
companies just like Andre Kopath has
done, uh various different things. So
we're in a bit of a strange place with
XAI that we're not quite sure what will
emerge next. We've got incredible
amounts of compute. They've obviously
taken on a lot of staff after this, so
they've obviously got a lot of great
people. Is it that they've actually
finished the hard work? The interesting
bit is done. Is it just a matter of
executing through building the computer
out and running the models? Uh, who
knows? And the reality is like if you
look at some of the founders of older
companies, they've gone on to do
interesting things after like the uh guy
who made Zip 2, which was like the first
uh direct turn byturn direction mapping.
He went on to do something. I forget
what, but it was pretty interesting.
&gt;&gt; So, what else have we got? Oh, that's
the same one again.
Grock, uh Elon is saying, "Grock will
improve every week." Uh what one thing I
can't quite work out because I'm a
software engineer is why does they put
so much effort into imagine drawing
pretty fairies and all sorts of
different things. Uh but Elon reminded
us again a few days ago
real world AI is about video processing
and creating video. So, so the cars
Optimus need to be uh very very good at
handling video, understanding it, all
those kind of things. So, we're seeing
improvements every week.
Oh, off off to a little bit of something
else that's exploding the AI world.
Google just a few days ago, what's that?
Seven or eight days ago. I forget what
day we're on now because I'll lose track
when I'm talking to you. uh
Turbo Quant they've come up with and I
got confused about exactly what this
meant a compression tool that compresses
the tokens that come in and out of the
language model. So when you're having
that chat,
the message that you type will now use
six times less memory because they'll
compress it on the way in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If I've written who is Brian White
the futurizer that's tiny
but if I've said please fix this bug on
this big software program and it's fed
in the contents of 20 software files
that write that in that's a very very
big context that it's had to feed in. So
there's lots of huge data passing in and
out of the models to solve more complex
problems. What this does is it makes
that much smaller. H
&gt;&gt; I immediately went on and asked Grock or
somebody, does this mean I'll be able to
run a bigger open- source model on my
Mac and I asked it an hour or two after
this came out? And it said, "No, the
model isn't getting smaller, just the
input data and the output data. And
these models are gigabytes big. You need
gigabytes of memory on your computer to
run them, even the small ones. Uh the
bigger ones can can be a 100 gigabytes.
You need some serious kit to run these.
What I didn't realize is I went back and
asked again and it said actually when
you're doing those very large context
windows of huge amounts of software
files going into a model and saying fix
this bug in it, give me some new code
back. You can end up with a model that
runs in a data center that's 100
gigabytes big. But you might have 300
gigabytes of context
because what it has to do is every
single word that goes in is like a key,
a token. And there's a huge, this gets
really complicated and I get a bit
woolly, a huge map of data from the keys
to the vectors that point at what it
means.
&gt;&gt; Uh, that's a very simple summary.
&gt;&gt; Well, increasingly it is magic.
Yeah, every single word that goes in
might take 128k, something like that.
And if there's a million of them, you're
talking gigabytes.
&gt;&gt; What this does is it makes all of those
extra gigabytes six to eight times
smaller. Six times smaller, eight times
faster because it can process faster. So
what it means is suddenly those big data
centers can run models on about half of
the amount of memory that they needed
just two weeks ago
&gt;&gt; once they've implemented this into their
systems. So we're going to get big speed
ups on a lot of the models just by this
one single improvement.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting to me that Google has
been only calling this Turbo Quant for a
few days when I've been calling them all
a bunch of Turbo Quants for years. But
uh there are
uh my throat's killing me here. So we've
got uh about six five more minutes uh to
wrap it up. So let's uh see what we can
get done there.
&gt;&gt; So what I want to have a very quick look
at is uh many people will have heard
about rethink x.
Adam door
is saying that
AI is not going to replace human
it oh no these are quotes from other
people saying it won't replace human
beings he's saying it's going to replace
nearly everybody the painful truth AI
and robots will take all of our jobs and
he's a research analyst with RethinkX
one of the most wellres respected
agencies out there. So, with all of
those things we were talking about
exploding faster, bigger,
Optimus will be able to do anything.
We're going to go through absolutely
massive social changes. We're going to
end up in an age of abundance. My
question for everybody is how do we get
there? If most people are losing their
jobs,
yes, we might end up with a lot of new
jobs, but they're not going to be for
the same people. They might be for new
people with new skills. If you've been
driving your truck, it is a painful
truth on a from the Tesla side that as
much as we get excited about a semi
truck replacing perhaps three drivers
driving 20 hours a day long uh long
hours recharging and not needing anybody
driving it. You're potentially losing
two, three truck drivers that might have
been earning $50,000, $100,000, might
have had mortgages. They're not going to
walk into one of those new social media
superstar jobs like yourself, Brian.
&gt;&gt; And uh the reality is a lot of them will
have had mortgages that they then have
no way to maintain and it's going to be
tricky and painful and I don't know what
the answer is. I can see where we are
today. I can see the age of abundance
down that road. uh but can getting from
here to there I suspect will be very
difficult and painful because the
gatekeepers are the ones who have the
money to participate in the new economy
and getting an Optimus bot for you know
uh $50,000 or $20,000 is great if you
have $20,000 and if you don't I've heard
people say well just rent it out to your
neighbors they already have their own
they don't want mine and they also don't
have money so I don't know how that
works.
But the early buyers will buy hundreds
of them, thousands, who knows, millions.
They've got economies of scale. I worry
for that transitional period. I don't
know what it's going to look like.
&gt;&gt; Have I got time to ask a question?
&gt;&gt; Go for it.
&gt;&gt; Even now, I I know in the UK that the
care system is in crisis.
There's a something like a 100,000 jobs
that are not filled. So this is people
that look after elderly people perhaps
with disabilities at home part-time or
in care homes. There aren't enough
people. There are people that might get
half an hour's help a day. They're
struggling to stand. They're in pain.
It's horrible. We look the other way.
Not because we don't care, but we can't
do anything about it. An Optimus robot
could go in and transform that person's
life. 100 24-hour daycare.
bought. Will that Optimus go to a
factory that doubles its output and
makes three times as much profit or will
it go to look after somebody who's
elderly, in pain, effectively being
tortured half the day because they
literally can't move around, can't do
things. And the answer, of course, is it
will go to the factory first.
How do we adjust? And and I don't
disagree with that. We need the
productivity. If we gave them all to the
elderly first and didn't get
productivity gains, how we how would we
pay for them? But how do we get it to
trickle down? Will it happen on its own?
Uh do we intervene? How do these things
evolve? There are some very big
questions to ask because we've got an
incredible opportunity to make
everybody's lives better, not just a
few.
&gt;&gt; Uh a great place to uh say, guys, uh
what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in that chat. Uh
and uh leave it in the comments if
you're catching this on the replay. Uh
what I would say is that uh I do have a
very fascinating video to show, but
you'll want to stick around because
after it I've got something even more
exciting. Can you believe it? I bet you
can. Uh you guys do not seem to suffer
for a lack of imagination. Um and that's
what we're going to do. So I'll see you
guys back at the top of the hour. We've
heard the naysayers saying Tesla is
doomed since forever and their cries are
getting more desperate. But there are
those who are saying that uh Elon has
lost his way that Tesla is off in left
field or the woods or I don't know
wherever it is beyond that the desert.
But they are wrong. But they are wrong.
There's a lot going on, a lot to look at
and a lot to consider. So I'm going to
break down are they doomed in my long
running series where I go through all of
it. I go through the engineering, the
financials, and figure out what the road
map says about the company's future.
We're going to do our best to get
through it. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, here we are. We're back with this.
Uh, I'm only going to put a couple of
these up on the public side because ones
like Tesla, ones like BYYD, perhaps
Rivian, those do really well and the
rest uh get progressively less popular
until they become a literal drain on the
channel. If you want to see them, you
can join at Patreon or any of the other
number of places where I publish uh
exclusive material. So, you can get
those on Patreon by becoming a member on
YouTube becoming a channel member on on
X by becoming a subscriber. All of those
things, different nomenclature, same
benefits. So, let's get into it, shall
we? Um, there are doubts, man. Doubts
about the fate of Tesla. I watched the
meteoric rise firsthand, especially in
Europe. I witnessed him transform from
an ambitious entrepreneur into the
world's richest man. Tesla seemed
unstoppable, but something changed. The
warning signs appeared gradually and
accelerated into a full crisis. Tesla
faces existential threats.
Does it? Fast forward to 25. BYD has
officially surpassed Tesla in global BEV
sales. Wow. Yeah, but they've got their
own problems. Beating them doesn't mean
that it's over. And this is from what
last July. Things have, I don't know,
changed since then. Gotten better,
gotten worse. Who knows? So, let's get
into the fun part. Engineering. Do you
know anything about it? Well, uh, I
found this great article on amazing
workplaces. Uh this is Tesla's best
practices for an engaged workplace and
this is very interesting and insightful.
It is uh introduction. It's not just a
leader in EVs and renewable. It's a
pioneer in creating high performance
workplace. The company's approach to
work culture is defined by innovation,
agility, and an unwavering commitment to
excellence. And much of this culture is
shared from the top down. Their ability
to foster a dynamic missiondriven
environment allows it to attract top
talent and maintain a competitive edge.
So that's the thing is we've heard from
people in the automotive industry that
when you want to make a change, even a
little change, even a critical small,
easy change, it can take months or
years. Heck, we probably won't even
release it until it comes out on the
next version of the car that we're
selling. That's terrible. Empowering
employees through continuous learning.
Yeah, they want people to always learn,
to always strive, to always try and get
a little bit better. Employees are still
encouraged to take on challenges beyond
their defined roles, fostering a culture
where skill development happens through
real world problem solving instead of
relying on traditional training
programs. Learn it by doing it. So, it's
a missiondriven workplace. Look, we're
trying to get there. I've had a chance
to talk with some engineers and I said,
"Is it true that they accept your
feedback?" And he said, "No, no, no.
They demand my feedback. If we're not
giving feedback on how to make the
process better, the procedures better,
then what? We think it's perfect. It's
not perfect. We know it's not perfect.
What can we do to make it better? Every
little bit counts. The culture of open
communication, unnecessary bureaucracy
is gone. They foster a flat
organizational structure where employees
are encouraged to communicate directly
with anyone in the company, including
senior leadership. I've seen companies
where the new guy goes up to the boss
and says, "Hey, I got an idea to make
this better." And the boss's response
is, "Who is this?" That's not healthy.
There's a rumor that there's a car
company that has a very secret EV
project. So secret, in fact, that the
CEO is not allowed to see it. Jim Jim
Farley, don't believe them. They're not
doing anything. I promise you, they're
just spending money. But hey, if the
biggest concern you have is that the CEO
might find out what you're working on.
Oh, good lord. Crazy. fast
decision-making and transparency, first
principles, thinking through and
through. So, uh, an agile work
environment. So, these should not come
as surprises to anyone. Uh, last year I
had, I guess a little over a year ago
now, I had a chance out to the uh, the
event held in San Jose where the
engineering team behind CyberCab were
answering questions. I've met a lot of
Tesla engineers, a lot. And these are
razor sharp people. These people are
exceptional and they're motivated and
they're driven. Uh some of them full
self-driven. Yeah, it's I don't know.
I'm sure I'm getting that part wrong.
But this is these are people that I
would bet against. You can hate Elon all
you want. Bet against him, I guess, but
if your bet against him means a bet
against these guys, you're doing it
wrong. So crazy thoughts there. The
engineering absolutely solid. Now let's
talk about demand. Oh, I should have
given a score to that. Yeah, the
engineering I gave an eight. Eight out
of 10. But on the engine on the demand,
well, it's not going to be an eight.
Certainly not going to be a 10. There
was a time when it was. There was a time
when any car Tesla could build, they
could sell. We know that's not the case
because Giga Berlin and Giga Texas have
surplus capacity. They are not
utilizing. Looking at demand, this is
the global numbers. Look at that.
100,000 245 36 look at that climb 93 1.3
1.8 million less less.
So that's not great for demand. This
trend would normally make me say three
four falling demand is not good. But
there is something different coming.
Tesla's pivot away from car sales
towards transportation as a service.
Just having an autonomous car, a car
that can actually drive itself will make
people buy more of them. There are
people who in the US will not buy
another car unless it has the kind of
capacity that Tesla has with its FSD. As
that gets out to the world, even in its
current state, it's going to increase
sales. And as it gets better and better
until it is ultimately unsupervised,
well, that opens up a whole bunch of new
demand. But that demand isn't there
today, and we're not entirely sure when
it will be. But this is what I say to
people who say no one wants one. Plenty
do, but there's a lot of good
competition now in the realm of just a
car. Tesla, I would argue, is not just a
car, but in many countries it is. In
many countries, they do not have access
to FSD. It's just a car. It's a very
good car, but if it's just a car, yeah,
well, they don't know what they're
missing. So on demand I'm giving them I
think I said uh six. Yeah, don't get
mad. It's a real number. Six is the
demand. Better than average. Not great.
Cost controls. This is a place where
Tesla has excelled. Even when they were
raking in cash, they've gone through
waves of layoffs. Look, we've gotten
bloated. We've gotten chubby. We need to
roll back a little bit to have a leaner,
meaner fighting machine. So they are
very good at that. And if you look at
this chart, shows how Tesla can keep
cutting prices and stay ahead of the
competition. They keep lowering the
price of its cars. Now, this is a couple
years ago, but it's remains true. It's
taking a margin hit, but its input costs
are going down, too. The price cuts have
helped Tesla stay ahead of the
competition. So, how does it happen?
Well, this is the chart. This is the
average cost of a vehicle built from 22
to 23. That's exciting. That's what you
want to see. Tesla's now making more of
their batteries than ever in house.
They're now mining some of their own
lithium in-house, refining rather, not
mining. They've got cost controls in
place. And if you look at how many cars
they make per employee, per square foot
of of factory, you will see some amazing
efficiencies emerge.
Um Tesla's pricing strategy comes down
to one key difference from its
competitors. And yeah, it's all about uh
vertical integration.
You know, if Tesla's making their
batteries, they're not buying them.
They've cut out that middleman. They're
making their own seats. It's what BYD
has done to get their costs under
control. Tesla customers have a distinct
advantage in terms of consumerism as
they avoid basically the most stressful
part of buying a car, the dealership
experience. They're not paying the
dealer. They've got a little bit of
overhead for that, but it's not there's
nobody buying their fourth chalet at the
car dealership for Tesla. That makes a
better experience. That makes it uh
cheaper for everyone. That makes the
company more profitable. And when prices
were sky-high during the slowdown,
during the automotive pause, during the
pandemic, they had a unique opportunity
to keep prices high, sometimes even
raise them, and keep that money for the
company to build new factories, to do
additional R&amp;D while all the other
companies were losing money because
they'd lost their economies of scale,
and all that massive markup was going
into the pockets of the car dealers. The
other thing Tesla does for cost controls
is not make a million models. A million
models costs a lot of money. Every model
you make, no matter how small the
change, is a big cost. And if you're
only going to sell a 100,000, a few
hundred thousand, it's hard to justify
the engineering cost. That's a pickle
that Tesla finds themselves in with the
Cybert truck. Cybertruck costs are out
of line for the sales that they have,
but they needed to do it in order to
validate their 48volt architecture, to
validate their steer bywire, drive by uh
steer bywire system and other uh factors
in the car that would make it possible
to move to the next vehicle, the Cyber
Cap. I'm not ready to call Cybertruck a
success just yet. It has potential. It's
unfortunate, but you know, if you're
going to keep to just a a few models, or
heck, even one, you could look at Model
T. Model T uh was in production for
nearly 20 years, and it would have gone
on longer if Henry Ford had his way. But
in the end, customers demanded new cars,
and he just kept driving the price down.
It started at like 2500. It ended at
like5, $600.
20 years, the car just kept going down
in price. That is a tremendous
advantage. So on cost controls, I am
giving Tesla a eight. A very strong
eight. Now we move on to cash on hand.
For those not paying attention, Tesla
has a little bit of cash on hand.
Specifically, they have $44.1 billion,
which for a car company is fantastic.
Even if you include the energy storage
side, it's a lot of money because the
energy storage side is already revenue
positive even on an ongoing basis. Yes,
they've got a lot of money that's been
shipped for which they have yet to be
paid. It will be paid. It's not a
problem. It's not an ongoing concern
even as they ramp into Mega Blok, their
new uh third generation uh stationary
energy storage uh crates, carton, you
know, shipping containers.
But that 44.1 billion
is impressive for cars. But we're
looking beyond cars. We're looking at
the costs of deploying Optimus, the cost
of deploying Robotaxi, the cost of the
Terapab, and those are going to be
substantial expenses. There's a $10
billion problem with Elon Musk new chip
factory. And that problem is, you know,
10 billion. Terap could come out to 20
to 25 billion. That's a low estimate.
There's a lot of estimates out there
that are much higher. And yes, SpaceX is
paying half the bill, but it still could
be quite expensive. If you look at the
report from Barclays, they're saying
it's not going to be that. It's going to
be more like 50 billion, I think it
said. Let's find out. Was it 50? There
it is. 50 billion. Uh, and of course,
some estimates come in even higher. If
you want to see, if you think 50 is
crazy, I hope you're sitting down. It
could cost five trillion.
What are you talking about?
Tom, Anton. H
gross. Cash on hand. I'm giving it only
a six because while it's an ocean of
cash for a car company, we're saying
this is not a car company, which I
believe is the accurate statement. It's
not enough. It's not enough. Uh so they
will need to address that one way or
another. So then we're going to talk
about the road map. Where are we going
from here? I think you guys know the
answer, but this is a big part of why I
don't think Tesla is doomed. I'm giving
them a very good score kind of across
the board. The robo taxi, either you get
it or you don't. It doesn't matter if
you get it. It's happening either way.
Um, there's a lot of things. It's like
anything in science. Um, Elmer Fud
didn't believe in gravity, but I assure
you the documentary series Looney Tunes
misprayed what would happen to him. he
would have fallen instantly before
reading the book on what gravity is. It
matters whether you believe in it or
not. Robo taxi is coming. And in terms
of the engineering, if you've seen any
of my video series explaining the design
uh decisions underlying the robo the
cyber cab specifically, oh baby, you
know the cost controls are there. You
know that there isn't a single front on
which Uber or Whimo or Lyft or any of
the others can compete on price. Optimus
it's a moonshot I guess is it? I mean
they could release it today as it is
today and there would be buyers but
they're not ready to they want to give
it a little bit more time. They want to
let the uh let the soule rise a bit as
it were. It depends how many they plan
to sell versus keep. If they plan to
keep a lot of them use them as robots as
a service you're going to have a lot of
upfront capital costs. something to
think about that could cut into that but
that is you know part of the road map a
part of the road map about which I am
excited then there's mega packs I'm just
going to show you this it's super ugly
but on uh
GitHub somebody has gone ahead and
decided to
to track all of the mega pack
installations mega pack is a big deal
they're going out the door fast. They
represent hundreds of thousands of
dollars in profit.
We've heard the naysayers saying Tesla
is Let's find out. Was it 50? There it
is. But I assure you the Oh, it depends
how many they plan to sell versus keep.
If they plan to keep a lot, they're
going out the door fast. They represent
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
profit for every single unit you see. Uh
and it's only getting bigger. So that is
very exciting. But of course on the road
map also the chip fab. If it works then
I mean we're not talking about the moon
one yet. That's too far down the line to
even consider. But the one on Earth
where uh where I'm recording this is
going to be if it works fantastic. If it
doesn't, there's it's entirely possible
that they get a ways into it and
discover that this isn't working. They
and they stop. Tesla has that ability.
They have done that with other things.
Dojo was cancelled. They had battery
swap cars. They canceled that. They
could have dominated. They didn't want
to. It didn't make sense in the end. I
don't know the financials, the backroom
dealings on this. And I can't, none of
us can, but I'm confident that they will
understand the situation. Now, if you're
watching this uh on the public side,
hey, check it out. This is how you can
get to see all of the uh all of the
videos, all of the ones in this series
on Are They Doomed? I hope you get a
chance to check it out. It's a lot of
fun. Um yeah, and if you're checking it
out on the live, then that's cool, too.
Either way, hey, man, just glad you're
here. So, let's look at the actual
rankings. Tesla gets a score road map. I
gave them a nine. Give them a nine.
Could it be better? probably always
could be better, but it's very good. I
I'm only giving it not a 10 because I'm
concerned about the cost of the terapab
and the complications that have not yet
been fully understood. Still gives them
the best score we've got so far. And if
you look at the other names on this
list, I think you'll agree it's going to
be pretty hard to top 74 so far. And so
that's it. That's what we got. Uh now,
you know, back to your regularly
scheduled programming. That's where we
go back to the regularly scheduled
programming. Got it. Got it. So guys,
uh, Uber versus Cyber Cab, Uber versus
Tesla, I guess you could say, is the
topic that I wish to cover. And if I'm
going to do that, I feel like I should
probably do that with someone like CERN
Basher, if he's around. But who knows if
he's even around. Uh, I do because he's
around. Uh, I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futura. So CERN uh you have done a
little bit of modeling on the situation
around CyberCap. You've also looked
extensively at Uber. And when I say a
little bit, I'm being hyperbolic. You've
done an ocean of research and
calculation. And that's what I want to
talk to you about. There are a number of
factors that will give Tesla what I
perceive as an advantage.
So, let's just start with an apples to
apples comparison. Um, whose uh robo
taxi will be cheaper to build between
anything Uber is looking at and
cybercap?
&gt;&gt; Well,
if Uber goes to India and acquires the
cheapest vehicle they can find, they
might stand a chance. Short of that, I'm
not aware of any robo taxi that Uber is
currently deploying or plans to deploy
that will be able to compete with
CyberCap.
&gt;&gt; Are you Brian, are you familiar with any
opportunities in Uber's wheelhouse?
We can look at all of the partnerships
they've made so far, all of the
platforms they've used so far, and what
we see is uh nothing that comes within 2
to 3x the cost of goods sold to build a
cyber cab. And that's just for internal.
If we're talking external, like you or I
buying it now, we're instead of at 17
18,000, we're at 25, maybe more. It's
still double that cost for the next
closest competitor because going to
India to buy something cheap doesn't
mean it's actually cheap. That's the,
you know, $10 boots of the of the story.
You're going to be replacing that
rickety joke. every year instead of
every five or 10 you know instead of
every half million miles or quarter even
quarter million miles those super cheap
cars from India are not going to have
the kind of lifespan and that's before
you consider all of their sensors their
sensor suite and compute is easily
double triple maybe four times the price
before you factor in the cost of putting
it into the vehicle in the first place
and just the upfit, not the equipment,
but just the cost of shipping the
vehicle to the upfitter, having them do
the upfit and sending it back is likely
more than the cost of Tesla's entire
sensor and compute suite. Am I missing
something?
&gt;&gt; I don't think so.
So is there on cost is there anything
you can envision on the road map that
would give Uber itself at at cost not
with a markup but at cost the ability to
acquire an autonomous vehicle
anywhere close to what Tesla can do with
a cyber cap.
&gt;&gt; Nothing on the horizon today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Are there any other companies in
the world that could produce a cyber cap
like Tesla can? I suppose in the long
term or maybe medium-term, maybe there's
some Chinese companies that could do it.
&gt;&gt; Yes, there are absolutely companies in
China that could build a car uh that
that could do it. But we can't get those
in the West. And I mean in the US they
would then cost double. In Europe, they
would cost 20 35% more plus the
shipping. Uh so domestically in China
there could be
&gt;&gt; but outside of China unless one of those
companies decides to start building them
in a trade favored nation which they
could but they haven't there's nothing
act you know the dirt has not been
turned over to do that yet
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; but then Uber doesn't you know make the
car they still have to pay that markup
and the company that's making them
that's providing the warranty that's
doing all the the R&amp;D to build it.
They're going to want their money back
with a margin.
&gt;&gt; That's a problem, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It feels like it might be a problem. Uh
is what I'm thinking.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh let's look at because again, we're on
Tesla versus Uber here.
If if Uber is not building the car,
there's going to be that markup. even if
they could find something as cheap,
they're not going to be able to get it.
What about uh all those other companies
tech packages? Like they're partnering
with Rivian, who as far as I can tell
doesn't have autonomy. They're
partnering with Lucid, who uh I can tell
you does not have autonomy.
Are they just throwing everything at the
wall to see what sticks?
Well, they sort of have to because it
seems pretty clear that they've been
rejected by Tesla, been rejected by
Elon, and so they're left then to
partner with whoever else is willing to
dance with them.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit like the prettiest girl on
the dance floor has rejected them and
now they're just trying to find somebody
to dance with and hoping that one of
those dance partners pays dividends at
some point. Mhm. Well, I'm telling you,
it's almost last call and they're about
to turn the lights on and things are
going to get real ugly in here. Uh, are
we
uh I mean, in the US for autonomy, let's
switch off cyber cab for a second. Let's
just talk FSD.
Who's in second place
&gt;&gt; in the USD? In the USD in the US with
autonomy
&gt;&gt; with FSD with consumer viable FSD. I'm
not aware of anybody
&gt;&gt; there isn't there's no second place that
I I mean super cruise
blue cruise I mean those are just adas
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; those I mean don't don't use them in the
city is what I'm saying
&gt;&gt; yeah until until Whimo sells me a sensor
suite that they have on their cars and I
can install it on my car I guess they
could be number two but they haven't
gone down that route yet.
&gt;&gt; No uh mobile eye is awfully good for
what it is. I've seen people who have
tested it in their Teslas as an
autopilot replacement for if they decide
to buy a new Tesla that does not have
autopilot, it would do a pretty
competent, capable job. But comparing
autopilot to FSD
is not really comparable, I would say.
&gt;&gt; I suppose with Nvidia's new uh systems
that that could be uh a strong number
two at some point.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. and and perhaps you know closing
the gap a little bit over time. Um but
as Tesla knows that last you know 1%
is is the toughest part.
&gt;&gt; Every nine is as hard as the nine before
it despite uh getting closer and closer
to the goal. And if you look at where
Nvidia is today, if you watch the whole
demo from the Alpio press release, the
whole big event, their system is not
very competent today. I would argue it's
not at 99%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's also interesting to note too
that Nvidia's largest source of revenues
in their automotive unit is from Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes. Yes. Yes. Uh, and I don't
know if it's the source of the largest
source of profit because I imagine
Tesla's getting the best pricing. And
people have asked, how is it that with a
yearslong backlog on GPUs that Tesla's
actually able to get them? Oh, I can
answer that because Tesla has the money.
They're ready to buy them today. A lot
of those other companies are just
getting in line because it's the cool
thing to do. I saw a bunch of people
getting in line. I don't even know what
I'm in line for. I certainly can't
afford the the the the cover charge that
when I get to the front of the line,
maybe I'll just go to the back of the
line or the I don't know. I'll just step
back a few spots. So, it's a little
crazy to look at. Now, a question I've
had for you uh for a while now is when I
look at Uber's pricing structure, I see
a lot of fat. I see them taking a very
large platform fee and then also half
the driver's money. uh what are they
spending that on?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I mean Uber is a company
that historically has not been very
profitable. There's a lot of expenses
and in running Uber. Um if you think
about the systems that they have to have
in place to aggregate all the drivers
and then aggregate the demand through
their app, uh it's just been a challenge
for them. Um, and this is the challenge
actually for Uber going forward. In an
autonomous world, uh, whoever owns the
fleet controls the supply.
&gt;&gt; So you're no longer dependent on
individual drivers to come to the to to
the table with their vehicles. Uh, so
Uber's role in aggregating that uh,
disappears.
&gt;&gt; And just right there, um, fleet owners
don't need Uber. Fleet owners might feel
like they need Uber in the early days to
aggregate some demand for them, but
fleet owners will quickly learn that
they don't want to be sharing that
revenue with Uber.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tesla knows that right from the
get-go, and that's why you don't see
Tesla partnering with Uber.
&gt;&gt; So that is my question. Can you expand
on why Tesla is not partnering or does
not appear to be interested in
partnering with Uber?
&gt;&gt; Well, Tesla certainly has, you know, a
big enough brand name for itself. Tesla
is a fairly well-known company at this
point. Um, you know, different people
think different things about Tesla, but
Tesla is a pretty strong brand and so it
wouldn't be too difficult for Tesla to
roll out a robo taxi service under
whatever name they wanted to and market
that and get enough demand to make that
worthwhile. And then of course they will
they will operate I think on their
ability to be able to reduce the cost
and drive demand that way.
um that'll that'll result in sort of
this sort of viral sharing of oh my gosh
I didn't couldn't believe that ride
share is so cheap and what a great
experience this is to not have to ride
in a car with a with a driver
&gt;&gt; and so I think they're sort of counting
on that in terms of expanding demand and
of course as we know that as you drive
down the cost per mile that that unlocks
greater and greater potential for
demand. So right now the rid share
market is is pretty expensive and
there's not that much demand. There's
not that many people engaging in rid
share. When you look at ride share as a
percentage of the total miles traveled
in the United States over a year or over
a month rid share is a very small
percentage of that.
Tesla is going after ride share but only
on the way to going after everything
else. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so if they gobble up right share,
that will allow them then to continue to
expand the fleet, lower prices, and I
think that will have this effect of
delighting people and and creating its
own demand.
&gt;&gt; Uh, one interesting thing that I was
talking about recently, it might be out
already, I don't know, is there was a
time when the Model 3 had a hood latch
recall. It's probably fine, but we're
going to just recall every single hood
latch just in case for the frunk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then uh you run into people who just
don't feel like it's important. I'm just
not going to do it. They would set up a
little depot at one of the big middle of
UK charging stations on holiday
weekends. They could see the VINs of
everyone who would put in that as their
destination. And when you arrived,
they'd walk up and say, "Hey man, can I
swap out your hood latch? It'll take me
five minutes." And they did that for
hundreds of cars. But imagine if it was
a a latch, something very simple, not
safety critical, but we should do it on
a cyber cap. You would just uh not do it
normally. You would just set it up as an
overnight thing, and the cars would be
lined up for you. The line would never
be long. The line would never be short,
and all of the cars would be handled
with maximum efficiency. And if you're
swapping out the same part over and
over, you get really quick at it. you
get good because it's it's one job and
you know how to do it. So that's a
tremendous advantage in terms of uh cost
and if you're Uber uh you don't have
service centers because you don't have
cars unless you're going to buy those
cars and now if you're buying those cars
do you have service centers or do you
wait do you contract with Lucid? Wait,
do you have to establish partnerships in
every market? That's crazy and expensive
and complicated. Is there any way Uber
could circumvent that or does Tesla just
have the clear advantage?
Well, it's going to be expensive for
Uber. If if they're not doing it
themselves and taking on the cost of
expanding their their own network and
their service centers and all that, then
they have to partner with somebody. And
then when you partner with somebody,
then you're sharing the revenue and the
profits with that partner.
So partnering may seem like a decent
solution in the beginning, but you get
to the point I think where that becomes
a problem in your cost structure.
&gt;&gt; The more partners you have, the more
males there are to feed.
&gt;&gt; Uh if Tesla is charging a vehicle that
they own, what are they paying? 17 cents
a kilowatt.
Um, probably
&gt;&gt; probably more.
&gt;&gt; If your Uber is being charged at
Electrify America, how much are you
paying? 50 cents or more?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot more. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A lot more in
&gt;&gt; that range. Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, your your even if you could match
the efficiency, cost per mile is going
to be four times higher.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Before you factor in maintenance.
Where is all that Uber money going,
though? I have to come back to it
because it it baffles the mind. I did a
sevenmile drive to LAX from somewhere
seven miles north of it
&gt;&gt; and it was at 5 in the morning. There
was no traffic and it was like a $50 $60
ride. 12 to 15 of it. I don't remember.
I screenshotted it at the time. Was the
platform fee. They charged more than a
buck a mile as the platform fee before
taking half the driver's money as well.
Where on earth is all that money going?
I get it. You got to do background
checks. You got to advertise. You got to
recruit. But there's no way it costs
that much. The money just appears to be
dissolving into the ether. What's going
on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm trying to quickly pull up a
chart that that breaks that down. Um,
and I'm not sure if I can here on the
fly, but there are lots of different
expenses that Uber has to pay for. Um,
you know, that that eat away at all
that. Um, and I'm sorry I've failed to
pull it up.
&gt;&gt; That's all right. That's all right. be
able to specifically address your
question, but if you look at Uber's
business model, uh it's not the most
efficient. Certainly, it's a it's a
scale operation. In recent years,
they've enjoyed some economies of scale.
&gt;&gt; Think about what happens though as you
have a competitor in the market and it's
now undercutting you in price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You start to lose all of those
economies of scale. You had a dedicated
place to do all your vehicle inspections
and now it's sitting idle half the day.
That's expensive and now you've got a
pad for that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know how you get around
that. Uh if I were them, I would be very
concerned. What do you suppose the um
you know cloud compute cost is? They've
got to track all the routes. They've got
to they've got real data and storage um
costs. Is that significant?
Um,
good question. It's it's probably not
insignificant. Is it is it the largest
part of their cost structure? Probably
not.
&gt;&gt; But certainly it's it's it's
significant. I mean, all these companies
are computing companies to some degree.
And whether they choose to build that
themselves, much like Tesla's done, or
whether they farm that out to AWS and
other organizations to to actually build
out the compute for them, I'm not sure
in Uber's case. Uh but that's certainly
a a significant cost.
&gt;&gt; Um and then the question is is how
efficient how how good is the software
that they've developed to aggregate all
the supply and aggregate all the demand.
Are there better ways of doing that that
that could be done more cheaply? For
example, perhaps an AI first approach.
And I'm not clear on terms of how Uber
does that, but um and that maybe not may
not be something that they really freely
share in terms of how they approach
that.
&gt;&gt; But you can imagine Tesla will take an
AI first approach to aggregating demand
and positioning the vehicles and making
sure that everything is is as optimal as
it can possibly be.
&gt;&gt; Now, I would imagine that there'll be
some growing pains for Tesla in that
endeavor.
We might find that all the cyber cabs
are on the east side of town in the
morning and they're all on the west side
of town in the afternoon for some some
reason.
&gt;&gt; That's entirely possible. Uh, one nice
thing about the approach of not having
drivers is instead of bringing the cars
back to a central location, you can just
position them around town where we know
they're going to be needed for their
first drive of the morning,
&gt;&gt; which will uh reduce weight times. I
mean, it it just it's like a smart
elevator that knows that people on 26
leave at 4:45 on a Friday. Put an
elevator there. It's easy.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's also one reason why uh
it may make some sense for Tesla to sell
cyber cabs to individuals because if the
cyber cab is parked at everybody's home,
then suddenly they are distributed
around the city, chances are closer to
where the demand's going to be.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a heat map, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the places where people live is
the places where people need rides. So
the cabs would statistically be closer
to where they need to be.
&gt;&gt; And the and the company owned ones can
be positioned in the places where the
heat map says that you need more
&gt;&gt; but where there aren't aren't supply,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um and I have good news for you, Brian.
Um I'm not sure if you knew this, but
that Tesla has allowed people to order
cyber caps and they have for some time
now.
&gt;&gt; And and how do you do that?
&gt;&gt; I received mine actually just the other
day. Um, it's a little smaller than I
expected it to be.
&gt;&gt; That's weird because I've seen them in
person and I've seen you in person and I
don't remember the size disparity being
that great. Uh, but you know,
&gt;&gt; and they've gone with this uh
non-electric uh option.
&gt;&gt; You just use gas.
&gt;&gt; It just doesn't use gas.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; so very very clever.
&gt;&gt; That is that is a a real uh saver. I at
first I just assumed that that was for
connectivity. Uh, but for charging makes
sense for both.
&gt;&gt; No, I think for both. I think this is
the new look of this the Starlink dish.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Because I thought it'd be
internal, but no, it makes sense to
absolutely have it out as a flap to
withhold the wind. Uh, but it turns, so
that means it can uh be directional.
&gt;&gt; I remember uh Scott Walter telling me
one time that everything uh on a
spaceship needs to serve two purposes.
And so I think that they've done this
with the cyber cab is this is the, you
know, the energy. purpose and also the,
you know, the connection um as well. So,
very clever.
&gt;&gt; Boy, I tell you, they've thought of
everything. Uh
let's talk about the two seat issue.
We've only got a couple minutes left.
We'll make it real quick. Two seats
makes sense, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; It does. For most of the rides, we've
seen data on the percentage of rides
that are two people or less, and it's a
very large percentage in the 80s and
90s. essentially
&gt;&gt; uh the number of uh rides where there's
three or more uh is not that many. And
by the way, Tesla has other vehicles to
serve that market between Model Y's and
eventually Cybert trucks and then um the
robo van.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; In the network
&gt;&gt; and the Y
&gt;&gt; and the Y.
&gt;&gt; I really am quite confident, as I have
been, that the Y is coming very soon.
Um, I'm going to say that uh there's a
lot more to cover on Uber versus Whimo.
I would love to hear in the chat or the
comments. The comments will be easy to
spot later on. I can address those,
maybe have you back to drill a little
deeper. Um, last thing on that I wanted
to say is that in terms of customer
acquisition, if Cyber Cab was not, Robo
Taxi was not its own standalone app,
which eventually I think it won't be,
there are millions of people who already
have the Tesla app and hundreds of
millions who already have the X app. It
could be integrated into either one of
those.
&gt;&gt; Uber has no advantage u on that front. U
anything you wanted to say about that?
Well, I I I'd point out that how many
people have both the Uber and the Lyft
app on their phone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, adding another app is not the
the big hurdle that many make it out to
be.
&gt;&gt; No. And again, it's going to come down
to cost and experience. And if the cost
is better and the experience is better,
my friend, you are in trouble. Uh
because I don't know how you're going to
approach that. Um
the other thing uh that we're going to
discuss uh perhaps tomorrow in part two
uh for those of you who are here live
and have figured out what the jig is for
April 1st. It is that I go back to this
and I start the next show which is
Tesla's got a lot of risks, a lot of
competition and there's some things that
Wall Street's missing. What I want to
know is what are the risks? What am I
not seeing? Who is the competition? and
how extreme is it here with me to
discuss this matter is Cern Basher who
you may know from you know all the shows
uh this channel Brighter with Herbert
and many others uh we're going to get
into that and figure out if there's
something if we have a blind spot what
are we missing I'm Brian welcome to
Futurza
CERN it's so great to have you back
again
&gt;&gt; it's good to be here Brian thanks for
having me
&gt;&gt; yeah I appreciate By the way I do
appreciate that you came out for the
show. To my delight and surprise, all of
the guests that I invited today said
yes. Every single one. It was amazing.
So,
&gt;&gt; this is this is a good day to join you
on on a show.
&gt;&gt; It sure is. You guys look at it and
you're like, April 1st, Futurazza, I
have to, right? I don't ask many favors.
So, uh the risks we are, it's 2026.
We've got some very ambitious goals
coming up in the future.
&gt;&gt; Are we putting ourselves at risk? Are
are there What are the big risks that
investors should be looking for right
now?
&gt;&gt; I think most investors would say the
biggest risk is what they would call
delays.
Um, and as we know, Elon is very
optimistic. And I believe that most of
that optimism comes from his need to
find a way to motivate and drive his
team to do things that otherwise are
just not humanly possible.
Um and also it may be optimism in terms
of that he has in terms of solving some
of these unsolved problems sooner rather
than later and then of course realizing
over time that no actually these are
quite difficult and it takes takes more
time.
&gt;&gt; Um so I think there's there's a
collection around that now. So people
have certain expectations. Uh Robo Taxi
rolled out uh you know last year in the
summer in June. Um and I think by now I
think most people would have had the
expectation that robo taxi would have a
lot more vehicles in the fleet
and probably would have been
unsupervised by now.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And here we are now in April and we're
still waiting for that. And so I think
that's been disappointing for some.
My question with that is, has that been
put off indefinitely? Like, is there a
problem with the technology? I believe
the answer to that is no. And why do I
say that? It's because I use FSD in my
vehicle. I see how great it is. I see
what the potential is. And I'm confident
that they'll resolve the remaining
little knits that that we see.
&gt;&gt; And I I believe that there are truly
this little knits at this point.
&gt;&gt; I have had a similar experience with
FSD. It is very rare to have any
problems. But what's really exciting is
how comfortable it's gotten. You can uh
do whole drives from parking spot to
parking spot without thinking about it,
without worrying that it's going to do
something stupid. Now, I still when I
hear the blinker go on, I check my
mirrors and my cameras. Um but I also
kind of know that the blinker is about
to come on because I know where I'm
going because this is my neighborhood.
But I've driven this thing everywhere.
I've driven it halfway across the
country and back. I've uh more than
once. Um I know what it does well. And
so, uh the comfort when you get someone
new in the car who's never experienced
it to see the the little bits of joy
they get from it just doing things that
are frankly kind of boring. I'd love to
make more FSD videos, but what is there
to show? And we do have 143 apparently
out to employees now coming uh perhaps
as soon as the weekend for customers
maybe a little later. Uh it doesn't
matter to me when but I would agree that
this is later than I expected
considering the roll out last June. Uh
other risks we might not be thinking
about. What about risks surrounding
Terraab?
&gt;&gt; Well let's just go back to the first one
if I may real quick. And by the way, I
did an analysis in terms of if you look
at the present value of a company
and you delay in Tesla's case delay robo
taxi by a year, you just push everything
back a year. What does that do to the
present value of the stock? It it it
declines by about 2 to 3%.
&gt;&gt; So as slow as this initial roll out has
been, Tesla could actually easily catch
up to where people's expectations might
have been a year ago for where where
they will be a year from now. So, it's
not necessarily all is lost. You know, I
think most of us kind of think in these
linear terms and it's like, "Oh my gosh,
they're not where I thought they would
be. Therefore, they'll never get to
where I thought they'll be." And I would
say, "Let's not make that mistake."
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So, in terms of other risks, yeah, so
we've got terap. So, terap is a risk in
the sense that this is a great big hole
that they're going to sink a lot of
money into.
The question I think I would have for
people is well Elon has sunk a lot of
money into a lots of holes before. How
well has that turned out? His track
record is not perfect.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; but that's not
&gt;&gt; very good.
&gt;&gt; But perfection is not what what we're
looking for here, right? Um and again,
if he's not making some mistakes, then
maybe he's not pushing the envelope hard
enough. So if you think about Terraab,
Elon has made the decision or the the
come to an understanding that there's
not going to be enough semiconductors
for all the products that Tesla wants to
be able to produce at some point in the
future.
Whether that's, you know, 100 million
cyber cabs, whether that's a billion
robots, whether that's all these AI data
centers in space, whatever number that's
going to be, a terowatt per year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Elon's decided that if he doesn't
make this happen, doesn't build the
chips, then he won't be able to do those
other things. So in some ca some sense,
you could say, well, this is actually
reducing the risk of the company by
doing this
&gt;&gt; because if you get to that point in the
future where you want to build a billion
robots and you can't because there's not
enough chips because nobody built the
fabs, you know, seven years before,
that's a bad spot to be in.
&gt;&gt; And I think he's he's saying we've got
big aspirations. We need to make sure
that we get there. And and by the way, I
think there is an effect here. It will
force TSMC and Samsung to invest more
than they otherwise planned.
&gt;&gt; I can agree with that. So my thought was
the risk is losing a bunch of money and
not making any chips, which is a real
risk. And you're saying the bigger risk
is not having enough chips. And then you
hit a point in growth where all of a
sudden you're going to have to pay three
times more for the bots or car because
we just don't have enough chips. Um, and
you're saying that uh just this
appearance, this very real appearance,
this emergence of competition from Tesla
should motivate the competition to step
it up, guys. Step it up. And I would say
that real quick. Uh Brian Reby Drives
Electric popped in to say, "The biggest
risk is the friends we made along the
way." Thank you, Brian. Great channel.
Check him out if you get a chance,
everybody. Uh
&gt;&gt; the the other thing, too, I think on
that, Brian, is is that the the first
part of this process, they're not
building the terra fab right away.
They're building the advanced technology
fab
&gt;&gt; on the Giga Texas campus. It's a fairly
&gt;&gt; a Kato road of batteries except for
chips if you will.
&gt;&gt; And it's kind of an R&amp;D research
facility the way I understood it that
allows for fast iteration, learn from
mistakes, you know, figure something
else out. And I think if Elon is true to
form, he's going to take the learnings
from that facility and he's going to
push it out to TSMC and Samsung kind of
like he did with the 48vt architecture,
given the manual to the other auto
companies. And I think if Elon learned
something uh from a different approach
to etching the designs on the chips or
packaging the chips or whatever it is
that he's going to share that with the
other companies. So I think actually
this is a really positive thing for the
entire industry
&gt;&gt; um and probably also reduces the risk
for Tesla going down the line because
there is still a point where he says
okay I've got this advanced technology
fab and you know what we figured out
that we can't do it.
&gt;&gt; So it's not as though that they've sunk
then 25 billion into a fab that's not
going to work. They will discover I
think fairly early on in the fairly
early on in the process whether or not
this actually is viable and I think this
is the first step
&gt;&gt; because that advanced technology fab is
not going to cost them 25 or $50 billion
to make.
&gt;&gt; How much is it going to cost?
&gt;&gt; I don't know but it's going to be less
than that. It's not it's not the cost of
building a terap.
&gt;&gt; Oh uh I I don't know the scale of the
limited run chip proof of concept thing.
Um, I just know that chip fabs
foundaries are eyewasheringly expensive
even if you know what you're doing and
most people don't know what they're
doing. Uh, very and even Intel
struggles. I had a chance to interview
interview I had a chance to talk with an
Intel employee who didn't know who I was
and gave me information uh that uh
explained to me part of the problem
Intel had was that if on a wafer if they
had failures that they would you know
bin them and sell them as inferior
chips. And that was a problem because it
became such an ingrained part of the
business model that there was no reason
to get better chips to have better
quality control and it led to them
having just bad chips just having bad
processes uh that came back to really
bite them. Uh so the thing that looked
good to the MBAs was terrible for the
long term because it forced inferiority
&gt;&gt; and uh that's not good. You don't want
that. Um, so yeah, uh, on
Optimus, what are the risks? And, and
actually, real quick before we do that,
on Terraab, is there competition we
should be looking out for? Is Intel or
TSMC or, you know, Micron going to be
making super cheap chips that make the
whole point of Terraab pointless?
&gt;&gt; Well, and if and if they do, then that's
great. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Tesla wins either way here. If if Tesla
builds this themselves because they have
to, then that's great. That that fills
the need that they have. If other
companies step up to the table and
figure out a way to do this better than
Tesla,
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; then Tesla wins because they don't have
to then invest all the money.
&gt;&gt; So that's a substantial D-risk right
there.
&gt;&gt; I think so. on Optimus. There is
infinite competition today and a lot of
it is extremely well funded or at least
sufficiently funded. Uh what are the
risks on Optimus?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's the difference between I
think early risks and sort of later
stage risks and to me Optimus is kind of
a more of a later stage game in terms of
figuring out who the ultimate survivors
are going to be. So like we've seen in a
lot of industries, personal computer
industry, you had hundreds of companies
come out with PCs or other other types
of devices. And eventually that gets
whittleled down to the the producers
that are the most efficient and and
iterate faster and and so on. And I
think we're going to see the same thing
with the humanoid robot. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so Tesla as a manufacturer, I think,
will stand up very well against maybe a
startup company that today might look
like they have better technology.
&gt;&gt; Even if Tesla falls behind and this
startup company starts selling robots,
well, you know, Tesla's going to buy one
and they're going to pull it apart and
learn everything they can from it, just
like the automakers tried to do with
Tesla's EVs,
not successfully. in there and except
for perhaps the Chinese companies
&gt;&gt; they were successful in tearing them
apart.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they were they were uh that was
probably hard enough for them, but yes,
they were successful in doing that. So,
I I think it's more of a long run game.
I'm not so worried about where is
Tesla's technology today versus the
latest video that we see from XYZ robot
company. It's exciting to watch. I'm I'm
glad that there's a lot of development
and competition in this industry. I
think that that is fantastic. Um, I do
think Tesla thrives with competition
even though we haven't seen much in the
EV space. I think this is good for them.
I think that it'll light a fire under
the team to to to work as hard as they
can and develop the best bot they can
possibly develop and then immediately
iterate on the next one. And I think
Tesla excels in that iteration process
and Tesla excels in the manufacturing at
scale. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And do they have the best development
team in the world? I don't know. We
don't know that yet. I guess we'll soon
find out with the unveil of Optimus 3.
&gt;&gt; I would argue that you don't have to be
the best to win a particular race. The
market is big enough that there's room
for many competitors to succeed.
&gt;&gt; And if you've if you don't have the best
engineers, what do you have? Well, we
have more compute than the competition.
We know that. We know that without a
doubt and we have better manufacturing
capabilities than anyone except maybe
Boston Dynamics because Hyundai is very
good at manufacturing but Hyundai can't
compete on the compute. So, uh you've
got at least two of the advantages you
need. And I would argue that Tesla will
not be competing on price. That is not
their objective. uh they're competing on
capability
&gt;&gt; and if the capability is there, a a
Unitary robot is going to remain one of
the most affordable little novelties out
there, but it can't do much other than
draw people into your booth. Does that
really well. Uh so I'm not so worried
about that. In terms of who the
competition is, I would say, and I I'd
like your opinion, it's way too soon to
know who the leaders in 10 years will be
and which companies will be gone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think that we should
necessarily worry or focus on that right
now.
&gt;&gt; The landscape's going to change so
dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um it's just exciting right now to see
all the different development. It's
exciting to see how these robots are
moving in ways that they weren't moving
six months or a year ago.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then certainly the AI part, the
brains of the robot is is developing
rapidly as well. And we're getting to
the point where I think we're going to
start to see some pretty amazing things
over the next couple of years from all
these different types of robots.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully Tes Tesla pushes the envelope
to the extent they can. I hope others
do, but and that's only going to make
everybody that much better. This
competition is a is a fantastic thing. I
don't see this as a negative at all.
&gt;&gt; I would and again the market is fairly
large. It's fairly large. Uh what's
going on? Is Tesla insurance still a
thing they're trying to do or what on
earth is going on?
&gt;&gt; From what I can tell, it doesn't seem to
be a priority.
&gt;&gt; No. And I suppose if you're making a
company, you know, an autonomous vehicle
company, an autonomous humanoid robot
company, selling insurance probably
isn't something you need to really focus
on.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um I think they've found that that
getting approvals in different markets
has been a challenge.
&gt;&gt; And so it's like, well, if we're going
to go all autonomous, then why bash our
heads against the wall trying to get
approval in all these different states?
And by the way, there's some insurance
providers out there that do a pretty
darn good job.
&gt;&gt; And I think what Lemonade has brought to
the table has been a very interesting
option for for Tesla vehicle owners if
they can expand to different states with
that option.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um so yeah, I just don't I just don't
see it as a driver for the company going
forward. Uh I wished I wished it could
have happened sooner. I wished it would
have been an option years ago for Tesla
vehicle owners in all the states where
people want it. And unfortunately, it's
just taken longer to roll out. And I
don't think it's it's Tesla's fault for
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it
I don't know where to assign blame. I
know that the uh regulations are state
by state. Every attorney general has
their own different rules and it is very
tightly regulated due to a history of
insurance companies being pretty darn
evil because, you know, why would I pay
out? That's where all my profit is. So
uh on Tesla insurance not as concerned
mega packs mega blocks battery energy
storage solutions we know I don't see
risks in that. Um although I guess the
new LG LFP batteries could be a risk
because they're a new battery. I don't
know how well tested they are. That
could be the cause of an expensive
recall down the road. But I I'm not
worried about that terribly. My question
is the competition. There's a lot of
competition. Tesla mega packs dominate
in most western markets. In China,
they're barely in the top 10. Uh because
there are so many choices and they are
so much cheaper and being domestic, they
don't have any kind of import duties
that would make them cost prohibitive.
What kind of competition and risks do
you see on the energy storage side?
Yeah, it's interesting because if you
think of the mega pack and these big
batteries just big giant batteries, then
you can imagine it's just a race to the
bottom. Who can make them the cheapest?
&gt;&gt; I don't believe that Tesla is playing
this game. And this is another aspect of
Tesla's AI aspirations that's not well
understood and for good reason because
the company doesn't talk about it a
whole lot. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But sitting on top of these mega packs
is AI powered software like like auto
bidder that optimizes the charge and
discharge of the batteries. It tries to
look at weather patterns, tries to look
at demand patterns to try to predict
when the optimal time to charge and
discharge.
&gt;&gt; That's a value added software that I
think a lot of the lowest cost
competitors don't have. Mhm. So Tesla
doesn't necessarily need to compete with
them on low cost because I think they're
serving a customer or clientele that
values other things besides just the low
cost of the battery. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so I think that we're seeing great
success in places like Australia for
example where that combined approach the
battery plus the AI powered software is
valued and they're having a lot lot of
success there as well as in the US.
&gt;&gt; That's that's a big enough market for
Tesla and I think it'll it'll grow
nicely over time. Let the Chinese fight
it out on the lowcost stuff. That's
fine. You don't have to go there.
There was a story I read the other day
from a uh publication, a a trade group
that just does battery energy storage
systems. And they said there was this
recent study that was done from a u a
equipment testing company of a large
installation in the UK and they found it
was only capable of running up to 75%
capacity because of cell imbalance. So
when it hit 75% which was 100 for some
cells that was the new ceiling causing
it to literally lose millions of
dollars. Now we're not going to tell you
the name of this one. It's like what? I
feel like that's that's malfeasants. You
should be telling you need to name and
shame if somebody's making a
multi-million dollar goof. And we know
it wasn't Tesla because they were LFP
cells and for mega packs sold in the UK
the moment they're still using lithium
ion. So it defines they would it would
have found its way into the headlines
&gt;&gt; just like the other day I saw a video of
the Hyundai Santa Fe's uh Santa Fe one
of the Hyundai's rear third row seat
folder will crush a case of water.
Apparently a child has died because of
this feature.
&gt;&gt; Wow. And they said, "Yeah, and I had to
search to find out which car company it
was." You know, with Tesla, it would
have been the entire headline.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; It they probably wouldn't have even
written a story. Just put Tesla did it
and a video.
So, uh, Megapac, I would agree with you.
The software is better. That's why when
Australian power providers continue to
expand, they keep sticking with the
tried andrue leader, the winner on that.
And it is so far working out well for
them as at least that's what it seems
like.
&gt;&gt; And it's not as though Brian that that
Tesla is not lowering the cost of mega
pack. They are doing that too. I'm not
suggesting that they're just saying oh
you know you're going to pay this high
price and here's why. they are actively
reducing the cost of mega pack making it
easier to install all those things that
are headaches for these companies to and
deploying these systems
&gt;&gt; and that's the beauty is even with a
back order book uh that's years long
they're still lowering the price they
could just fill all those orders at you
know 2 $3 million but no the price has
gone down because as much as we want to
make a whole bunch of money off you
today we'd also like to make money off
you tomorrow and ripping you off is not
a good way to do it. It's not like their
margins are lean. They're not. They're
over 20%. That is quite enough. We're
not uh we're here to continue growing
and this is I don't know. It's
beautiful. It's happening and it's real.
Any other risks and competition that we
should be aware of in terms of any of
Tesla's products?
Well, I mean the biggest risk I think is
is is the keyman risk.
&gt;&gt; Um I do think that that Tesla with the
current lineup of robo taxi, cyber cab,
semi, optimist to a large degree, uh
much like if we lost, you know, Elon
like like Steve Jobs for Apple, I think
things would continue and those products
would be amazingly successful.
&gt;&gt; But would some of the newer stuff be as
successful without Elon?
I don't think so. I think Terap, for
example, might really struggle without
Elon. And I would expect the company
probably to scrap those plans. They
would probably have to scale down their
aspirations without Elon
&gt;&gt; unless again somebody is able to step up
to the plate and do what he does.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; would the board support that person? We
don't know.
&gt;&gt; We don't know. And Steve Jobs was a
visionary. Tim uh Tim Apple is a uh
executive, a very good executive, but he
is not a visionary. Uh he's done some
great work completing the road map that
was already laid out. Not flawless. The
car didn't work out, but uh some of the
other things uh you know, the the
goggles are not going great, I'll tell
you that. Um really cool product. Not.
There's some missteps in there in my
opinion, but hey man, I'm not the target
market. I'm never buying something that
expensive for a toy and it's not
changing my life in any way that makes
me anything other than perhaps nauseous
a little bit
&gt;&gt; uh from the use of it.
&gt;&gt; So, uh CERN, I want to thank you for
coming out and hanging out. Guys, uh, in
case you hadn't noticed, this has been
going on all day and it's not done yet
because coming up at the top of the
hour, I've got Larry Goldberg joining uh
to share some of his thoughts on a
couple of topics. Those will be coming
up uh after this segment. But this
segment, CERN, you're going to love it.
Is uh one where I show a bunch of old
jokes, just a bunch of clips of old
jokes because we have fun around here.
That's what we do. That's what we're
going to go into right now. Thanks,
everybody.
Thanks, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Should figure out what I'm doing.
&gt;&gt; By this point in the show, you should
realize something is up. Yeah, that's
right. This live stream is dragging on.
Boy, is it. Well, that must mean it's
close to the end of the hour, and I am
taking a break. But when I do that, why
leave you just waiting with a countdown?
That doesn't make any sense. I'm going
to show you why we have some fun here.
And boy, do we have some fun here. Yes,
we do. We sure do. So, here I've got for
you a bunch of clips of us just having
fun. I hope you enjoy them. We were
going to put them out as shorts, but
YouTube shorts is just kind of dead.
Figured why bother? Please to enjoy.
&gt;&gt; Really going to help having your
workforce know that they uh lost 10% off
the top as their contribution to the
this the ship sinking.
&gt;&gt; What a way to build loyalty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The Amazon engineer I talked with
said, "Uh, how's uh employee retention
at your at your company?" And he just
looked at me and I said, "It's a meat
grinder." He goes, "It's a meat
grinder." He said, "I think the average
tenure before someone leaves is a year."
He said, "Don't quote me on that." So,
I'm going to quote him. He said, "It's a
year." At Tesla, we believe technology
can help improve safety. I agree. That's
why vehicles are engineered to be the
safest cars in the world. the unique
combination of passive safety, active
safety, and automated driver assist. So,
first of all, we've got, of course, the
fact that the design is inherently
safer. You don't have a big motor to get
pushed through the firewall, more
crumple area, a rigid floor that
prevents side intrusion. There are
automatic safety benefits, but then you
add to it all of the automation, and it
makes it that much safer. While no car
can prevent all accidents, we work every
day to try and make them much less
likely to occur. Because Herbert, the
best accident is
&gt;&gt; no accident
&gt;&gt; is no accident.
&gt;&gt; No two- wheeled vehicles. Uh sometimes
people say there's going to be a
motorcycle or something. Uh it would be
really cool if you let uh France von
Holden design a motorcycle for you.
There have been electric motorcycles,
but Tesla's never gonna make one because
Elon was in a very bad dirt bike
accident as a teenager. So that answers
this next question which was Chris here
asked three.
&gt;&gt; Uhuh. No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't see a I haven't seen
problems with stability, but I don't see
a real benefit to three. And uh but but
triangles are the strongest shape. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's that's not a real
triangle.
&gt;&gt; But but a three-w wheeled vehicle will
always do worse in a crash test than a
four-w wheeled vehicle would. All things
being equal.
&gt;&gt; Uh heck, let's go to six. I mean, the
semi's got the most utility. It's got uh
it's a big rig, baby. It's an
18-wheeler. So, uh that's what I expect
to see is not only 18 wheels, but also
in motorcycle configuration. It's a very
long, skinny motorcycle with a lot of
grip. Uh and it's very hard to turn
because of the way centrifugal forces
work in a gyroscope. Yes. And uh some
clarification, some clarity from the
company itself would be helpful. We did
get a number of comments uh confirming
that indeed the bird is the word and has
been since 1963. I'm a nerd that's heard
the bird is the word. And if we just
type in bird um well I guess we only
find those two results. I thought there
was I thought there was more. Um oh
that's why it hasn't finished loading.
Here we go. Yeah. Everyone's everyone
has heard about the bird. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the words to the song. Excellent.
Yeah. Yeah, it's helpful. So guys, I
appreciate the clarification. We didn't
have time to confirm uh with our
ornithological experts. Uh but it
appears that uh we can say with u I'd
say a reasonable degree of confidence
that the bird is in fact the word. Is
there anything uh one of the fun
discussions we had earlier is what do
you definitely expect to not see
tonight? We included flying cars. We
included Optimus driving a robo taxi
manually. Um I I went ahead and added to
that using a calculator because I mean
that makes just as much sense. Uh
anything you defin that you've heard
that you definitely don't expect to see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you shouldn't you shouldn't see an
Optimus robot moving the steering wheel
of a car. What would that be for? Uh you
may see one
&gt;&gt; uh in a driverless vehicle tonight. That
would make more sense. I think
&gt;&gt; Starship test 5 was this morning and it
was impossible. The goals were
impossible. The objectives were
impossible. And yet the impossible has
happened. In case you haven't caught it,
it has. And uh so I'm going to get some
conversations here about it. I'm being
joined by Yan from Tesla. I'm Brian
Futurazza. He's he's he's doing a Brian
impression for those who
&gt;&gt; obviously I'm Brian or who don't who
don't know. Uh this morning I set my
alarm for 4:30 which is something I do
not care for. I wasn't even aware that
there was a 4:30 in the morning. Uh but
I have discovered it and it's a dark
dark place. I do not care for it.
&gt;&gt; Tell us what T-iddle is. Give us the
overview. Yeah, to DDL. It's an online
scavenger hunt game that is powered by
the telemetry from your Tesla. So,
passengers can play on screen in car and
they're presented with uh with with
clues, directional hints to interesting
places in the real world. Uh when you
discover a new location, you're rewarded
with booty, with virtual treasure, um
fun items that you can drop for other
players to discover. You can be naughty,
drop a bomb, or since it's Halloween and
this is a Halloween special, drop a
jacko'lantern or uh be nice and drop
some mistletoe. Everybody that drives
over it gets a nice little virtual peck
on the cheek. Heels them for one point.
I would like my doctor to heal me for
one point. I don't know that that's
something that's covered under my plan.
&gt;&gt; The the highest price target there was
on Wall Street five years ago was $500
if you don't count uh Kathy Wood. Kathy
Wood was at $4,000 and they made fun of
her
&gt;&gt; and then Tesla stock split five for one
and then it split three for one making
Kathy Wood right and everybody else very
wrong.
&gt;&gt; Well, to be clear, it wasn't a five for
one split. It was a 420 split, wasn't
it? I'm pretty sure that's how the math
works. Uh yeah, there's uh
&gt;&gt; 20 for four.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and Kathy Wood got the
right number, but she did it with with
the wrong math. Um so I think I think
you get partial credit for getting to
the right answer, but it's uh been a
long morning. My dog woke me up so
early. He's such a sweet boy. He's a
little terrier. and he decided, you know
what? I think I think dad needs face
love. So, he's just like rubbing his
face on me at 4:30 in the morning and I
was up late cuz I had a lot of prepping
to do. Yeah. Four. Was it four?
You might know cuz I was on X.
No one's X in particular. That's not the
joke. Now, Mark, this question, this
next one is for you specifically. Why is
Mark wearing Mickey Mouse ears?
&gt;&gt; Uh, just because I like Mickey Mouse
ears. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Do you see them?
&gt;&gt; I'm wearing them right now.
&gt;&gt; There they are. Perfect. Perfect. So,
that is
&gt;&gt; That's why because I like them.
&gt;&gt; This is a quality question. And uh what
I need to do now that I think about it
is uh scroll back down here and give
that a heart. Yeah. So, I'm going to do
that. Despite the huge demand for
companies to switch to more sustainable
methods, manufacturers still face
challenges when it comes to moving
forward. For Mazda, a wider goal of
achieving carbon neutrality by 2050
is proof the brand is driving in the
right direction. No, it isn't. That's at
a pace so slow that any headwind at all
blows you off course, which is what
we're already seeing. This is not a road
map. Internal combustion. Guess what,
you guys? Uh, we're still going to have
them. The powertrain is designed to
reduce emissions. Good enough, is it?
Because a lot of markets in which Mazda
wishes to sell will not permit the sale
of those vehicles after 2035. And we can
get even dumber. Mazda's journey to 2030
will introduce multiple electric
vehicles. And by 2030, 100% will be
electrified
with pure electric accounting for 25 to
40%. I mean those are two of the three
biggest markets in the world. Your road
map is bad. So why are you talking about
these city only robo vehicles as
anything other than city only? Thoughts
on that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I see that you have already
commented on this particular question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but I don't remember what I said.
I mean I can look but ah never taken a
Greyhound. I take it they stop more
often than every 200 miles for a 10 to
20 minute break is what I said. These
chargers will will roll out very
quickly. You've seen them. They just sit
on the ground. You put power to them and
you sit them on the ground. They don't
need the kind of permitted installation
that you would have with a freestanding
structure. So, uh, why are we talking
about Optimus when you can't hop on his
back and ride him to the store? I don't
know, Herbert. What a week it's been.
What a week it has been. Uh, by now you
have been to 1010, I bet. Yeah, maybe.
Or we'll find out.
&gt;&gt; Well, no, by the time this airs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we've got exciting news from GM, their
Ultium battery, the the final word, the
final authority in batteries, uh, which
they then revised to a different Altium.
I guess the first one was the penultium
battery. Uh, but this Altium gets
ultimatum. Automakers Altium platform is
losing its name. Yeah, but it's getting
better. Stalantis is uh running into
some trouble, too. Stalantis to rapidly
grow exports of Chinese EVs to Europe
and other countries. What a great idea,
Mark. I can't build a lowcost EV that's
actually compelling and profitable.
Let's just partner up with like Leap
Motors and uh shake hands for a photo
op.
&gt;&gt; Let's just buy a cheap EV from somebody
else and push it off with our badging on
it. Where have we heard this before,
Brian?
&gt;&gt; Um, the Honda Blazer comes to mind.
Uh, but also I you might be thinking of
like the Geo Metro or the Chevy Sprint.
Those were also
big sellers. Uh, and and frankly better
cars than they had any right to be for
how cheap they were. Folks, if you don't
know, there is a little company that
makes a couple of cars called Tesla. I
think it is Tesla out of uh Austin,
Texas. The uh great state of Austin,
Texas. Don't mind the flag. It only says
one star, but I think the the state is a
lot nicer than that. Uh we're going to
talk about the stock in the company and
all that it has to do. I'm joined by
Randy Kirk, who follows the stock
obsessively, I would argue. Uh
&gt;&gt; is a one star.
&gt;&gt; It's they they advertise it everywhere.
It's kind of weird. I mean, everywhere
you go, they're like, "Hey, by the way,
don't forget, just like our solar
system, one star.
&gt;&gt; It's all all you get."
&gt;&gt; So, and that was it. It is now the top
of the hour, which means I've got
another guest coming up. Who on earth
could it be? And the real question is,
how long am I going to do this? The
answer is a bit longer. Still, a bit
longer because it is, after all, April
1st. Appreciate you guys. Let's keep
going. So, yeah. Uh Larry Goldberg is
supposed to be joining me. I uh do not
see him in the back room. So if uh
anyone can get a you know hold of Larry,
I will certainly add him. And in the
meantime, we're going to talk to you
guys because you guys might have some
questions that you would like answered.
Let's take a look at the chat and see
what we've got here. And again, if
anyone can reach Larry, let's talk to
him. Tesla's building vaporware. Boo.
Get new material. That's what I say to
that. Solo X agi on X says, "I want to
see a fan-made compilation clip." Yeah,
me too. I love it. And how long has this
been going on? Oh, yeah. Let's look at
this. Uh, are we having fun yet?
Confidently so with 10% saying not yet.
Maybe soon. I mean, we have been going
for 5 hours,
which answers the third poll option.
It's been going for 5 hours. Keep it
rolling. I plan to because in one hour I
am joined by James Stevenson. He cannot
underscore enough uh to talk about a
variety of things. So Brian Ree drives
electric. Check him out on YouTube. He's
got a great channel. Uh he is a
professional editor and man does it
show. Not to raise expectations too
high, but you do great work. Uh let's
see here. If you need something done
right. Yeah, that's what Tesla has had
to do with a lot of things. That's the
BYD approach as well. A lot of Chinese
companies try and do that. They say,
"Look, I appreciate what you're doing,
but I just need faster iteration. Let's
make that happen." So, I think that's
all very helpful. Uh, let's see. Check
the comments. I figured out the gag
after the first switch from Herbert to
Herbert. Uh, yeah. And of course, all my
guests were in on the joke. And I told
you upfront, nothing malicious for this
April Fool's Day. Nothing involving
misinformation except of the I'm just
joking around variety. And you can tell
right then on the spot. I live
dangerously 1264 for the excitement.
I've had a chance to drive 1264 uh in
Tampa. I was down there for the uh big
event in in uh at the uh oh
in Clear Water for the Tesla event there
a few months back. Paul Foss from Clean
Technica was my host. He graciously
allowed me to borrow his car, make a
video, drive it around, and 1264 on
hardware 3 worked really well.
Bye-bye from the singularity.
Okay. Ah, biggest risk Brian Rey again
was the friends we made along the way.
Love it. Very fun. Um, let's see. So
glad to be right on time for a CERN and
Brian live stream. Yeah. Uh paused the
lease rent to Uber lift drivers for the
cash for SpaceX. I didn't get invited.
Uh yeah, getting in early on things that
you know are going to be good is tricky.
I had a chance to chat with a gentleman
recently who was able to buy in to an
early round of uh SpaceX and he is very
pleased with that decision. He knew it
was a good decision then. We all did. We
all wanted a taste, but it's privately
held. Very hard to get that sort of
thing done.
Uh yeah, you don't need storage lots for
your cyber cabs. You don't. You don't. I
met a gentleman uh in Thailand who had a
fleet of rented out scooters. He started
his business because when he got to town
uh he uh wanted to rent a scooter and
there were none. So he put a post up on
Craigslist or something saying, "I need
to rent a scooter." And he got very few
responses from people with scooters, but
a whole bunch of responses from people
saying, "Me, too. If you find a place
that rents them, let me know." So he
started his own uh scooter rental
company. He's like, "Wow, there's a lot
of people who want this." So he just
went out and bought three scooters and
rented them out and then uh their
friends told their friends and next
thing you know he's got 30 40 scooters
out and I said, "Where on earth do you
store them?" He said, "Store them?
They're rented out." Right. Right. So at
that point he had hired a mechanic
because they're all the same. They all
need the same fixes. I just got a guy.
worked out well. Whimo could wind it up
trying to get out of the way. Uh, yeah,
the joke with the winding thing on top
of the cyber cap. I don't have access to
X money yet. Bill Shatner didn't reply
to my request.
I saw that. Um, I wasn't I mean, I don't
have a thousand dollars to donate in
order to get early access to something.
I thought that was a pretty weird offer.
Made me a bit uncomfortable. 6% interest
on savings might not be a loss leader.
It might be Elon predicting interest
rates increasing, not decreasing. It's a
loss leader. Uh T-Mobile opened a bank
10 years ago and they were like, "Yeah,
we'll give you 3% interest at a time
when everybody else was offering zero.
Rates were very low, but it's only 3% on
the first thousand or 2,000 just to get
you to open the account because they
need account. They need funds on deposit
to capitalize. They don't need much. So,
it helps. So, that was that's just to
get your foot in the door. Uh it's not
like they will give you 6% if you put
$10 million in. That would be too much.
They can't make a business case for
that, I imagine. Uh I built it to play
with my own vehicle. There needs to be a
bit more professional expertise than I
have to make it viable. Now, the
accepting payments works perfect, but
that is my background. I assume we're
talking about clawed stuff. There we go.
Open claw. There we go. It will grow
with the wealth of our nations. And uh
oh, I see Larry is typing something.
Maybe he's going to be able to join or
at least um provide clarification.
Uh let's see. Hopefully, he'll be able
to join us momentarily. Uhhuh.
Uhhuh.
Okay. So, we'll go all the way down
here. Brian Rey appreciates the kudos.
He deserves them. Uh, love Loki. His
quant. Mhm. Semi-chargers cost built
into vehicle cost. Mhm.
Okay. So, Larry will be unavailable to
join. Uh, Ryan Reby, if you want to
join, let me know. I'll go back out to
my main X page or my my DMs. Uh, so
let's see here. If uh Brian, if you're
free, you can join me. Um, I'll just
send you the link right now just in
case, but you might be working. I don't
know, man. Uh, just do that. Get
because, you know, we're in the middle
of a very magic day here. And if
somebody else wants to join, you can
certainly ask. 5 hours and counting.
Semi-chargers built into vehicle cost.
Well, sort of. All the R&amp;D was built
into vehicle costs because a mega
charger is a V4 charger. And as vehicles
can charge faster and faster, they will
already be ready.
David Huber took a nap and I'm still
going. Yeah, I should not do I should
not do the bird song. I don't think
that's a good idea at all. Uh-huh. And
let's see. Uh, we can go back up to some
earlier comments, I guess. Uhhuh. Oh
boy. Um, and by the way, keep the
comments coming because that's giving me
something to address while I wait to
figure out what's going on.
So, unfortunately, no Larry Goldberg.
Um, we'll get him next time, I said
confidently. So, oh, that's the poll.
Yeah, let's see how the poll's going
because, you know, hey, uh, are we
having fun yet? Only half are having
fun. 11% believe it can be accomplished
soon. Bunch of crazy in here, says Grace
Angel McKenzie. I am contagious. The
crazy's been going around. I caution all
with 22% saying, "How long has this been
going?" 5 hours, 8 minutes, and 40
seconds. That's how long it's been
going. I hope you're enjoying it. Uh, my
end of hour breaks are keeping me from
losing my mind, which is great. uh
because this stream is not yet done
because in 51 minutes I'll be joined by
James uh Stevenson to share his uh
thoughts on a couple predetermined
topics. Indeed. Let's see. Always having
fun. When you think Tesla will have robo
taxi in Michigan? Oh, great question.
Which part of Michigan? I think they've
already tested in Detroit. Um,
it's going to be tough to say because
that's going to be a real topic of
conversation between the people who
build cars and all of their friends who
know you are the people who build cars.
When are your cars going to do that? Why
doesn't your car do that? I think there
will be a push to restrict them because
the only companies in the US working on
this are not Michigan companies. They're
all California kind of companies. Texas
kind of companies. Uh, the Hyundai's
made in the south. So, hiring safety
operators, Kevin says, in Michigan.
So, uh, I'm not going to ask James to
bump up his appearance because I've got
a schedule to keep and the announcements
for James' two shows have already been
scheduled on X. So, uh, we're going to
we're going to fill it out. We're going
to see if anyone shows up.
would love to ah darn parenting solo
right now. I understand. I was wondering
what uh you've think the cost of
building out the mega chargers will be
covered by the cost of the semis or a
loss leader at first.
Well, a loss leader. A loss leader
surely. Um if anybody else wants to jump
on, let me know and I'll get you the
link. Um a loss leader surely because
they need to they need to build them. Uh
they're not super expensive, but they
will not be selling enough semis early
on. I mean to cover any of them. So any
that they build early will be loss
leaders,
uh which they, you know, have to do. But
you really don't need all that many
across the country to fill out the
network since so many of your buyers are
going to be putting in their own
charging at their own hubs, uh at their
own expense, which would be great. Uh,
so that's something to consider. Jump
out to here. See if anybody else has
messaged.
No. Okay.
Frustrating. All right. Well, uh, you
can DM me on X if you wish to join.
Uhhuh. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Uh, let's
see. How will the Xiaoong FSD affect
Tesla? Oh, a great question. In which
market? In the US, not at all. Xpang has
not yet begun um training or developing
FSD for the US. They don't sell cars in
the US.
And they're just now introducing
vehicles into Mexico. And the vehicles
they're introducing to Mexico are
expensive, like $70,000 US. So, I don't
know if the plan is to just keep the
volume low intentionally. They're not
bringing their lowcost models. They're
bringing their highest cost models. And
I think they're doing that so that they
can enter the market gradually. They
don't want to enter with a flood that's
going to be difficult to manage. That's
going to result in, oh, do we have
enough service centers? How are we going
to deal with all this nonsense? So, at
could they implement FSD in Mexico?
Yeah. Yeah. They could use it to start
training immediately. And that could be
part of it is they want to start
training in that market. Um, and then of
course when those cars drive across the
border, I think they'll still have their
FSD engaged. So you could test it, but
it wouldn't be a fair test. They don't
have the training data in the US. How
will Xpang Xiaoang uh FSD affect Tesla
in China? Directly. Directly they have
more they've got more time into training
on their road data. Tesla likely has
more road data to train from, but less
time on the clock training it. So, I
think it's going to be quite a race.
Now, I've had a chance to drive behind
the wheel of the Xbang, but I have not
had a chance to even experience the
Tesla. It's not on everybody's cars.
It's not like you just find somebody
with a Tesla and you go, "Hey, show it
to me." They don't have it. It's only
out for, you know, a handful of uh early
testers. So it is
very uh limited. I reached out to Tesla
repeatedly through every channel I could
saying, "Hey man, can I see it?" And the
answer was that even their crickets went
silent. Uh so it's tricky. So uh Kevin
Converse is correcting his comment. It
is data collection, not a supervisor,
not safety supervisor regarding
Michigan. It still means it's in the
works as far as I'm concerned. Do you
expect a product reveal announcement for
2.0 or just a video? Oh, it's going to
be an event. It has to be, right? It's
too cool of a product. It's too big of a
product to just
dribble it out. You have to I mean, this
is big. The most exciting car they've
ever built. Absolutely exciting. So,
that's uh you know, fun. Uh let's see.
I'm just going to message her to that.
Um, let's see. It is, uh, it's going to
be big. What is the Roadster?
Does it fly? Does it swim? Uh, oh. Uh,
let's see. Oh,
let's let's get Herbert in here just for
some fun. Uh, yes, please. If you're
free.
We'll see if he shows up. Uh just to
fill some time. So, does it fly? Does it
swim? Does it uh do a drag like nobody
else? If we see the location is a track,
that'll give us some big clues. If we
see it's, you know, a fivemile runway in
the desert, that's going to that's going
to be a clue. If we see it's at an
airfield, that's a clue. Right now it is
uh everything to everyone all the time.
It is a unicorn. It can be whatever you
like because it doesn't exist in our
understanding. Now clearly it does.
There are people who are working on it.
There are people who see it every day.
They go to work and look at it. But uh
that doesn't mean we actually know. Um
Grayson jump speed bumps and potholes,
but I don't know that it will. The Yang
Wang U9 does that. but uh not for
customers. It only does it in demos. So
maybe that's uh something. Um and then
we've got who knows. Uh this crazy fella
just jumped in.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Out. I'm at 5 hours and 16 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Wow. I know. And I only need to vamp uh
for let's see uh until 249 when I run
another compilation of clips. Is that
right? 249. Yep. Another compilation of
clips. Uh so uh 249 you can
&gt;&gt; happy day Brian.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. It is it is my second
favorite holiday behind Halloween.
&gt;&gt; Halloween.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Of course. David Huber. Dja
Vu. I feel like we've seen you before
today.
&gt;&gt; We had some folks guessing in the first
show. When you and I switched to the
second, they're like, "Oh gosh, is it
going to be a Brian and Herbert day?"
It's like, "Oh, I can't trick Herbert
into doing that. That's too much to ask.
That would be Yeah. Brian Ree wants to
know, "Where have we seen this guy
before?" He was here in the morning.
&gt;&gt; I'm wearing glasses. You can't recognize
me.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's right. Clark. Clark, is that
you? R.J.
Oh, Herbert, what are you doing?
&gt;&gt; That's how it works. That's how it
works. Um,
so yeah. Uh, what do you think? Uh, the
question was just asked a minute ago.
Uh, will Roadster be just a video or
will it be a whole event?
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. It's going to be h It's a whole
event. There is no doubt about that.
&gt;&gt; I give a 10% chance that it's not an
event.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't even go that high because
this is the most exciting car they've
ever built.
Now, I'm a bit of a nerd, so I'd say
Cyber Cab is just as exciting because
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's they might do like just a very
select few number of people there. Like
they've done that. The previous Roadster
event was a very small gathering. They
might do that.
&gt;&gt; That wouldn't surprise me, but it's got
to be in person. You can't understand
the magnitude of insanity of something
like this without somebody getting to
experience.
&gt;&gt; Wait, are there some people in the
audience that's been here with you for 5
hours
&gt;&gt; on and off? On and off
&gt;&gt; since I was there.
&gt;&gt; Join at the beginning.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uhhuh. And uh Yeah. So, uh I would
agree with this comment. They have to do
Oh, not that one. Was it that one? Yeah.
Nope. Elon's supposed to demonstrate it
flying just a little. Uh, and that's
reasonable. Um, and
there it is. And this one as well. Grace
is saying they have to do something
because SNX are gone.
&gt;&gt; Did you hear that Elon did say he's
going to hold an event for the saying
goodbye to the XNX?
&gt;&gt; Oh. Uh, I think that's fitting. I think
that's fitting. I think it's
unnecessary,
but those cars only survived as long as
they did for sentimental reasons. The S,
I think, fit a unique spot in the
market, but the X was just sentimental.
Do you think he'll combine it? He'll
say, "Goodbye to death and X. Hello,
Flying Roadster."
&gt;&gt; And Y L. Um,
I I don't know. I don't know. Um,
Kevin's been here the whole time, by the
way. There was a restroom break. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, Kevin remembers a joke you
made at the early morning, nine o'clock
then.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; About the restroom breaks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that one too.
Uh, Roadster is an excessive toy, a
waste of everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that's fair.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; Joe Bacti has a uh has a theory. His
theory is that the Roadster is not a
waste. that this flying car is not just
a, you know, we're just trying to show
you a Halo product. He thinks that the
future is flying cars.
&gt;&gt; And if he if he pieces together the
theories, right, you've got drones,
there's no doubt in my mind, I'll give
it 90 Well, there is a doubt. I'll give
it a 93% chance that Tesla's going to
get into the drone business.
&gt;&gt; Tesla, SpaceX, they're going to announce
a drone business. And the the Roadster
is just a big giant drone. So if you can
solve the Roadster truly flying, like
really flying, like maybe the first uh
beta, right, and then eventually make it
fly, he thinks that yeah, that they will
be floating cars. It's like the future.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to take whatever the under is
on that because uh I I'll I'll be on the
other side of that bet. Um small drones
are very competitive, very that's a very
mature industry that would be tough to
break into and it's kind of low margin.
So, I don't know if that's something
they want to do. Um, but they have uh,
you know, and if they do make a flying
car, they will be doing it, Brian. And
it's a anything with a camera. Put a
battery in a camera. If it walks, it
runs, it it uh roads
rolls on wheels and it flies. M
&gt;&gt; these are robots.
&gt;&gt; Then uh does that mean that uh Elon is
copying Heao Pong because uh they have a
flying car?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh there's is an interesting concept. I
imagine you'll probably get to see it.
Herbert, for those who don't know, is
planning to attend the Beijing Auto Show
this year. That's going to be uh I think
pretty eye openening for you
&gt;&gt; next month. I'm still trying to make my
final decision, but yes, I'm very close.
H got to keep up with China, says Jeff.
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's tricky. Uh Robo drone. Well,
and that's what the drone vehicles are.
Had to jump off for a little bit.
Understand. And David says plenty of
folks to buy the Roadster and the margin
should be eye watering. I agree. except
that we've already
so many have already been pledged to be
given away for free. I know people who
are owed one or more Roadsters for their
referral program. So, a lot of folks are
going to
&gt;&gt; Jesus
&gt;&gt; be hopping into one looking a bit richer
than they actually are until they get
their tax bill because uh you're going
to pay a little bit in income taxes for
that. But, you know, maybe they'll maybe
they won't have a one-year no sale
clause on it. Uh cuz that would be that
would be a a steep bill because these
aren't, you know, the referral people
aren't necessarily megaillionaires like
the people who put down their 100%
deposit.
&gt;&gt; I think they deserve it. It was a
promise made.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. No, absolutely. But you still
have to pay the taxes is what I mean.
&gt;&gt; They didn't promise you weren't going to
pay tax on it. So, it is, you know,
the excise tax. I'm not worried about
the excise tax. It'd be the Oh, do you
mean like the registration? Oh, god.
&gt;&gt; The registration t putting tabs on that
thing. Oh. Oh, that's more than a car in
some states. And uh yeah, I wonder how
many are already committed to people who
got referrals. My guess would be dozens
because I've met three of them at least
that that brought it up to me. Uh James
Stevenson has arrived early. Should we
let him in?
&gt;&gt; Of course. Let him in.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Maybe.
&gt;&gt; James, Stevenson.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's me. I heard you were in
trouble and needed somebody to to join
early, Brian. So, I was able to.
&gt;&gt; I think you sw not right James. Oh,
sorry. Let me
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; let me do that.
&gt;&gt; And we'll see. And we'll see how that
goes. Uh, so James, what do you think
the Roadster is going to be? Herbert is
of the opinion that it will be a literal
flying car. I am of the opinion that
&gt;&gt; Wait, wait, no, no. That's Joel Backy's
opinion. I'm just sharing you other
people's opinions.
&gt;&gt; But you agreed with him.
&gt;&gt; Uh, no, I didn't agree with them at all.
I did not think that that's the case.
Not at all.
Uh, so SpaceX makes a thing called a
compressed overwrap pressure vessel. Is
this the right microphone? Am I using
the right thing?
&gt;&gt; It's not the right microphone.
&gt;&gt; Uh, how about this? Is this the right
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; That's the winner. All right, I got it
close enough. So, uh, SpaceX makes a,
uh, a thing called the com the
compressure. Nope, that's not a thing.
Compressor isn't a word.
uh an overwrap pressure vessel, a COPV,
and it's a tank of compressed air that
they use to power the thrusters that
make the rocket
&gt;&gt; uh line up correctly so that it can land
propulsively, vertically, to get the
attitude correct, right? It's the same
principle as uh balancing a broomstick
on the tips of your fingers. uh you need
to get it vertical uh and keep it that
way and that's how they land SpaceX
rockets, right? And uh they're using
thruster rockets to provide to provide
the uh propulsion necessary to make that
happen. They're going to put one of
those in the Roadster in the back seat
instead of a back seat. There won't be a
back seat in the Roadster. It'll be a
two-seater, same as the original Tesla
Roadster from way back in the day when
Tesla was terrible at making cars, uh,
and had all kinds of compromises. By the
way, on YouTube, you can still view the
original sales videos from the guys at
the one Tesla store that existed in the
world in 2008 and 2009. Those videos are
still up. I posted one not that long
ago.
&gt;&gt; I missed. And
&gt;&gt; uh what they're going to do with that is
fill it with air while you're driving
and then use that compressed air to
power thrusters. And those thrusters
will be placed around the Roadster.
&gt;&gt; Uh some will be pointing backwards to
make it go faster. Some will be pointing
upwards to increase the ground contact
around corners so that you can go faster
around a corner the same way that you
can when you put a spoiler on the back
of your car or downforce on the front of
your car to increase the friction of the
tires against the road. And they might
put some on the sides and they might put
some underneath. Now, why on earth would
you do that? That's not what you want.
Well, it is what you want if you want to
fly. And if you position those thrusters
correctly, uh, for short periods of
time, Elon has said, uh, a Roadster
might be able to fly, as in over one of
those gaps like the, I don't know, the
the Zang Wang or whatever the Chinese
car is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what the name of the
thing is, Brian, that I'm thinking of?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Jump. So, what's your guess,
James? How long is this going to be? Is
it a jump for 10 seconds? Is it going to
be 30 seconds?
I sure hope they don't try to make the
thing fly for 30 seconds. So, uh it it
seems responsible to have it uh you know
fly for a short distance. Now, if you
were going fast enough, you wouldn't
have to worry about it on a straight
flat road, which is where you would want
to do this, or at a dry lake bed, uh or
or the salt flats uh or something. Yeah,
if you're going fast enough, you could
cover a long distance in just a couple
of seconds if you're going fast enough
in the first place, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, but I haven't had Loki run the
numbers yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's obviously what we're
waiting for. Uh, and
&gt;&gt; I didn't realize Loki was the one that
runs the numbers. No wonder the James
Stevenson numbers are kind of
&gt;&gt; He does. Yeah,
he's he's a little camera shy right now.
I don't have my camera hooked up for him
right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the uh I uh apologies Herbert,
but uh James's theory makes more sense
than Joe's.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I agree with you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I love I love the vision of something as
complicated as uh
&gt;&gt; the theory, James, though, is that
drones is the future and there's no
doubt in my mind that Tesla will get
into drones and so this could be like a
giant drone and it could float longer
than you're suggesting. Is that any
possibility at all for that?
Ah, well, you got the best engineers in
the world working for Elon Musk, so
maybe they could figure something out if
that was how he wanted to attack the
problem. I haven't heard anyone suggest
that before, but uh hey, you could you
could make a drone out of a sports car.
Um,
nothing preventing you from doing that,
but I was thinking the uh the AAMS
Razer. You just add some thrusters to
your car, boom, done.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh Aam's razor is uh that the simplest
explanation must be uh what the heck
we're doing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. You don't need to search for a
complicated uh answer if a simple one
will do.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. It's like you know Moore's
law or Koh's law. Uh big fan of the
latter. Are you familiar with that one?
&gt;&gt; I don't know Koh's law. Oh, it's a
cabbage with vinegar. And
&gt;&gt; you got you, dude.
&gt;&gt; Wow. You
dragged me.
&gt;&gt; That's what just happened on live TV,
&gt;&gt; man. I couldn't help it.
&gt;&gt; It's okay. I got with you like four
months ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You can make a you can make a picnic out
of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry to have crashed the event.
Uh
um
&gt;&gt; I've been trying to get James on his
show for like decades. Uh and this is
the only way I can do it.
&gt;&gt; Trick him to say that it's a it's a it's
a Brian show and that he'll show up.
There you go.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right.
&gt;&gt; I I did your show.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I just uh I don't find a lot I
don't find enough time to make videos of
my own. Uh, let alone uh uh appear.
&gt;&gt; No, I'll have to invite Loki because I
didn't realize he was actually the one
that is it a he.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Without Loki, uh, I'm in a lot of
trouble. He is he is doing most of my
quality assurance work.
&gt;&gt; He's very quiet, but you know, the
brains of the operation. So, you know,
&gt;&gt; I got to pick up and bring him into the
morning.
&gt;&gt; So, cute.
&gt;&gt; There he is. may as well be on camera.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, uh let's see. Uh
&gt;&gt; uh M. Woolrich wants to know uh who's
hating hard on Tesla today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well, I I've I've seen some that I
haven't been reacting to lately from the
usual cast of characters. Uh let's see
what's what's been the excitement lat.
Well, you had one earlier in the live
stream. I've been watching on and off
throughout the day. There was an arson
of a Tesla vehicle
&gt;&gt; reported by the media as Tesla catches
fire.
&gt;&gt; Oh goodness.
&gt;&gt; Like guys,
&gt;&gt; come on. It um
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was some very very deceptive
way of phrasing it like causing concern
or I I forget what the headline said.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, but leave it to the media to
to put whatever they can in the headline
to make as many people as possible click
it. Uh that is the business they are in
the business of clicks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh it's frustrating.
I was mentioning in the previous show uh
that there was a story about Hyundai and
their power folding rear seats crushing
a child to death. Boom.
&gt;&gt; And so they there was a video posted of
it. It went viral of the rear seat
crushing a um
&gt;&gt; case of water. The whole case of water.
It still laid all the way flat.
&gt;&gt; And I thought that's crazy because if
this was Tesla, it would be in the I
didn't even know what car it was. I had
to like look I tried to examine clues
and I finally had to look it up. It was
a Hyundai. Why was that I mean I feel
like that deserves mention. It's always
in the headline if it's a Tesla for
sure. Yeah. If it's another brand, it's
SUV does this or SUV does that and then
you find out, oh, it was a it was an
Escalade. It was a Cadillac that caused
this accident, but they don't tell you
the name of the brand because that brand
might advertise on that media platform
and uh they don't want to damage a
relationship with a sponsor.
One time I was looking to find a
specific fire caused by Tesla and I
found more than two headlines that said
Tesla rival goes up in flames.
&gt;&gt; I love it.
&gt;&gt; What are we doing? That's
&gt;&gt; that's not reasonable.
&gt;&gt; You got to pack the word Tesla into your
headline or else nobody will click it to
read the article and then you won't get
the monetization off the banner ads.
&gt;&gt; I don't remember who it was. One of our
fellows in the in the Tesla X community
used to post every fire he could find
and say, "Wow, look, another Tesla on
fire." Wasn't Teslas. It was never
Teslas.
&gt;&gt; It was never Teslas. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But then he kept getting community noted
and he's like, "Uh, I have to
&gt;&gt; you're you're not getting it. You're not
getting the joke."
&gt;&gt; Well, right. But
&gt;&gt; uh it's like you're now my account's
kind of in danger for misinformation,
but what are you going to do?
Oh man,
&gt;&gt; I uh I submitted a plea yesterday to
Nikita Beer to turn off community notes
for one day. Give it a day off for April
Fool's Day because you are ruining the
jokes.
&gt;&gt; It depends I guess on the joke. Uh, but
I feel like maybe when you can see that
it's an April Fool's joke, uh, flag it
to not show up for a few hour, you know,
until a spec like maybe at 6:00 p.m.
Pacific, we get a flood of notes. That'd
be fine.
&gt;&gt; Brian, you interviewed a bunch of people
today. What is the general uh, consensus
here? Was Elon's comment about FSE
version 14.3 a April Fool's joke or not?
Uh, for me it is not an April Fool's
joke at all, but I noticed that your
conversation with Randy was kind of
hinted that yeah, it's probably April
Fool's joke. What do you think, James?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I didn't even see the post today.
I've been working. That's how hard I've
been at work uh today. Hardly working.
&gt;&gt; Well, so what happened was last night
Omar made a post saying 143 is coming,
but it was clearly a joke. It had some
really good zingers in there that at and
he put him down a good three, four
bullet points before he started going
off the rails. It was well,
&gt;&gt; but today Elon said 143 is out to some
employees and may go wide as early as
this weekend and he didn't put in insane
claims.
&gt;&gt; No jokes. No, he he will clearly flag a
joke with jokes. So if you don't recall
that you you don't remember the uh Tesla
tequila
uh from April.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Of 2015. So bankrupt you can't
believe it.
&gt;&gt; Uh was how he captioned it.
&gt;&gt; That one doesn't get you can't lay it on
much thicker than that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that one it's not subtle.
Uh that is uh some might say uh
Uh, well, I I won't say what I was
thinking. I I'm good at editing myself
uh before I hit send on X, and I will on
on the live stream. Uh not say what I
was thinking. Uh Elon sometimes uses the
um the hamfisted approach uh to humor.
Uh it is not uh
it doesn't sneak up on you. He's not
deaf about it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a reasonable compromise
between that and what you meant to say.
&gt;&gt; No. Uh, look, he's busy. He's got to get
to the get get to the point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he's joking. You can tell. So, I bet
14.3 is being used by by Tesla employees
now cuz why wouldn't it be?
&gt;&gt; And it's not an outrage.
&gt;&gt; Hard to believe. Yeah. What what what uh
what unbelievable claim was made?
&gt;&gt; Right. I didn't see the Elon one because
it uh because as it happens, I've been
busy today as well. Uh but uh uh but
that's my understanding of it. Um and I
think Randy had only seen the um the
version yesterday from Omar and some
others that I'm sure were circulating
yesterday as well uh when it was already
April 1st somewhere. Uh,
which which reminds me, uh, I was at a
restaurant recently with my friend and
he asked the waiter, "What is the hot
new drink that all the young people
order?" And he said, "Eespresso
martini." And I thought, "That's awful.
I don't drink espresso afternoon and I
don't drink martinis. I mean, I don't
drink alcohol before probably 5. So,
what who is this for? Is this for the
Red Bull and vodka crowd?
&gt;&gt; This the people who don't give a
&gt;&gt; I guess
&gt;&gt; about anything else.
&gt;&gt; Well, they've been making chocolate
espresso martinis for a long time. Uh
I've seen those on menus uh 20 years
ago.
&gt;&gt; How did you transition to this topic?
I'm I'm missing the connection.
&gt;&gt; It's an easy connection to make. I've
got 11 nine 10 more minutes to go before
the pre-tapeed segment to the top of the
hour and I'm we're stretching for
topics. Something that just came
&gt;&gt; You came up with that one.
&gt;&gt; I came up with that one because we're
talking about things that we don't
necessarily understand. You know, uh
gota got to cover it and the comments
are not rolling in as hard as I would.
&gt;&gt; You know, your your Stevenson indicator
of course you you've already explained
to everybody it's a joke, right? It's
like you basically are just adding a
certain amount of dollars per day every
day to the stock price and you're going
here's what the stock price should be
today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Somehow it took me eight videos to
explain that it's a joke uh back then
&gt;&gt; but people still actually believe it.
But but is there a chance? Of course
it's always a chance that we actually
hit it
&gt;&gt; because we're so far behind it. there's
a chance that we're going to hit it or
else we wouldn't have agreed to be
compensated based on his ability to hit
and surpass it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so did you actually like if you laid
if you just kept it going?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Unless he surpasses Stevenson
indicator uh and keeps it there until
2032
or 2035, whatever. So, yeah, it seems
ridiculously out of reach today at $877
or wherever it is, but Elon needs to get
the company Tesla to a market cap of
what was it, $3 trillion, two and a half
trillion dollars, something like that,
to hit all 12 tanches and the the stock
price would have to get way over 877
before that can happen.
James, why did he retweet that post?
Because you did
&gt;&gt; specifically talk about the indicator. I
doubt he knows that the indicator is
true. It's a joke. I doubt he knows.
&gt;&gt; I don't think uh he read the whole
caption of my chart. The chart was just
Tesla production to date cumulative. Uh,
I take I take more heat for posting
cumulative charts than I take for
anything else I do on axe. Somehow
people don't get on board that it's a
legitimate way to chart stuff. Uh, and
if you don't like it, fine. Make your
own chart. Do do whatever you want,
right? But it is legitimate to chart
things cumulatively. When you ask
somebody how old they are,
you don't want them to say, "I'm one."
Well, this year
&gt;&gt; yes, since last year it's one.
&gt;&gt; That's not the answer you're looking
for.
&gt;&gt; Year of a year I've been one year old.
&gt;&gt; You you didn't ask for their cumulative
age, but you do want to know their
cumulative age, not their age since a
year ago. Uh right. So that's that's
just one example of how in our everyday
lives we're familiar with and
comfortable with the concept of seeing
what the cumulative number is.
uh how how much how much money is in
your bank account? That's a cumulative
question, right? It's not uh how much
has been deposited this quarter uh into
your bank account net of uh net of
expenditures.
It's over the entire time you've had a
bank account, what what is the net of
those transactions? Right?
Uh, so I think he he reposted it based
on the visual without having read the
caption of the post if I'm being honest.
&gt;&gt; And the cumulative, he said it's going
to hit 10 million total uh Tesla car
vehicle sales by the by October. You
said Halloween.
&gt;&gt; By Halloween, yeah, I expect Tesla to
have reported that they will have sold
more than they will have sold their they
will have produced their 10 millionth
Tesla by uh by Halloween. I feel pretty
good about that. It would take a pretty
sharp uh dip in Tesla production between
now and then for them to miss it.
&gt;&gt; Spooky. Uh I did look it up, Herbert.
And uh James, it is 8 and a half
trillion would need to be the market cap
for him to hit his highest trunch.
I know. I know it's impossible. Just
like the previous plan was impossible.
So you know,
&gt;&gt; uh it's a lot of money, but he's got a
lot of time to get there. And yeah,
he'll have to be way past an indicator
to hit uh those those last couple of
tranches.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Um I did
see a question in here. Uh let's see. Uh
do we think as soon as the, you know,
are we going to hear about another
merger? And uh and then my question on
that would be at that point you have to
rewrite the comp plan, don't you?
Yeah, that's gone. That that will be
gone. And the way that the board of
directors wrote the Tesla performance
award for Elon is that if in in event of
a merger that thing does go away, that's
what's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Now then, are you saying that once Elon
is the CEO, which he is, of SpaceX plus
Tesla, if they buy Tesla, would there
now be new composition plan for him to
hit for Tesla targets? Is that what
you're asking? Well, he would need all
new targets. My first question is, would
the two companies merge? Is there
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty high high percentage of that.
But how about you, James? I'm I'm over
90% chance that it's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm trying to remember how they
wrote the language.
I think maybe it was that if it was a
revenuebased target or a sales units
target, it would need to be based on
what the Tesla company as currently
constituted
is defined or whatever because like you
could have a small little merger or
acquisition and you wouldn't want that
to derail Elon's possibility of being
compensated. I'll give you the
&gt;&gt; the dumb example of Maxwell
Technologies, which uh Tesla bought,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; 10 years ago for
&gt;&gt; less than a billion dollars, I think,
just because they needed some battery
patents that Maxwell Technologies owned,
right? So, they said, "Well, we'll just
buy the company and then we'll own the
the patents to be able to use this
process or whatever was going on."
Uh, so is there going to be a SpaceX
XAIX XT Tesla merger into a Musk
Industries Corporation
uh worthy of being written about in
comic books? Uh
maybe maybe like I'm I'm not going to
rule it out uh not knowing Elon Musk uh
the way that uh I I believe I have come
to uh over the past 10 plus years. He's
uh
um I I didn't think SpaceX was going to
go public based on what uh based on how
down on being a public company Elon
became as a result of being sued.
um as Tesla over all these years and
being named individually along with
Tesla and Omar in the you know the
lawsuits from uh Aaron Greenspan
uh which I won't say another word about
uh except to say that that's that's a
perfectly good reason to not become a
public company
&gt;&gt; unless a bunch of money and then you
want to go public to get all the money.
That's one of them, but I think the main
one is that SpaceX is a dual share
organization. And if you get dual shares
and he gets preferred shares to be able
to have, you know, whatever the number
is, two times voting rights,
&gt;&gt; that takes care of any potential concern
about a future, you know, some,
you know, country decides to buy SpaceX
or Tesla. I guess, you know, you can't
stop it.
He would definitely do it over again if
he had to go back and do the Tesla IPO
again. He would have provided for there
to be super class voting shares uh from
the beginning because if you don't have
those when you IPO, you're not allowed
to add them later. the SEC has laws
preventing you from doing that or
something uh that kept Tesla from being
able to award Elon a super share or two
or three as compensation.
Uh which is why he's going to have to
pay so many tax dollars on his stock
compensation if he earns it all. And no,
I don't see anyone giving him a trophy
for that, for all those tax dollars he's
paying in. And if you want to be even
more honest about it, what about all the
tax dollars SpaceX saves the government
by a actually finishing the projects and
b charging
30 to 70% less than the nearest bidder
while being reliable?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the the cost plus contract scheme
uh which I I have called it
intentionally is just the worst idea
anybody ever came up with from an
economic standpoint. It is the opposite
of free market. It is earmarking
uh an unending commitment to give as
much money to a company as it costs them
as they spend on accomplishing whatever
objective you gave them.
&gt;&gt; Uh so if it takes They just make more
money. If they spend more money doing
it, they just make more money.
&gt;&gt; Well, we need more profit, James. How
can we get it if the contract is fixed?
&gt;&gt; All you have to do is run over budget
and behind schedule. And the more of
that you do, the more profit you will
make. That is
&gt;&gt; perverse incentive.
&gt;&gt; So far ahead of you, you wouldn't even
believe it.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It should be at least
structured like the road works projects
where they say that if you hit it by
this date, you get a lot more than if
you miss that date and then you guess
becomes less over time.
&gt;&gt; So, so Herbert, thank you for helping me
fill out this hour. James, I will see
you back here in 11ish minutes. I've got
a little segment to play while I stretch
my legs so I don't get deep leg
thrombosis uh during this my ridiculous
April 1 live stream.
&gt;&gt; All right, thanks Robert. It is time for
one more of these. Yes, it's it's it's
we joke around. We have some fun. I'm
calling the segment that uh it's just
some clips. These aren't even recent
ones. These are ones that I pulled aside
to make some shorts out of some time
ago. But like a lot of good Jean shorts,
I uh didn't it didn't work out. This is
mostly a Mark show. Mark from the Tesla
Life, maybe he'll be on later today. You
just never know. But it uh is still
going. So, here we go. Enjoy this while
I take a quick break and I'll see you
back here at the top of the hour or you
know just in between now and then. In
the 80s 90s as you could have gotten
away with private labeling and people
would have maybe heard rumors but we're
in the information age and everybody
knows it is in your face information
like that. Everyone would know it's a
Leap Motors inside. But surely if you
just had an ironclad contract or let's
say thing, let's say Leap Motors just
really likes the arrangement, what could
go wrong?
Well, I suppose your own uh government
could uh stomp on your sack a bit. EU
gives final green light to steep tariffs
on Chinese electric cars.
&gt;&gt; And Brian will pull up a size comparison
here. Um, so you see Yeah. Well,
&gt;&gt; it's almost as big as the Space Needle
or as my friends in Germany call it, the
Space Schne needle. Um,
&gt;&gt; exactly. That's what they call. Please
don't Google Schneider. Thank you very
much.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; and also the big black fender wells is
to make it so you don't notice that the
wheels look too small. They're not too
small, but if you just had those in
yellow, the wheels would look
cartoonishly small. So, it's all about
drawing the eyes. Good job, Ford. I
think you did good. And of course, it
ships standard with 500 spicy wings. So,
that's
&gt;&gt; precooked.
&gt;&gt; Yes, pre-cooked. Now, mind you, you want
to get them while they're fresh. So,
don't let these cars sit around cuz I
mean, they get real sour real quick. But
uh but then you've got free flies which
is a different benefit. Speak with Randy
Kirk uh who has uh been through a number
of technological shifts throughout your
lifetime. You've seen a lot of trends
come and go and I'm sure you've seen
&gt;&gt; us. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Back when you and your
friend I assume the Bible was printed by
Steve Gutenberg. Uh
&gt;&gt; Steve Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh from Police Academy. He's
a great fellow
&gt;&gt; with a real flare for class. Is
&gt;&gt; I thought it was a good idea at the
time. I I I suggested that, you know, he
might want to use it for porn, but he
wanted to use it for something good.
&gt;&gt; I did post a picture on X of the of the
airport in Las Vegas, Harry Reid
Airport, which is weird to call it that,
but okay. I haven't been there since the
name change. It's full of slot machines.
People like, "Oh, they're going to get
you one more time." They didn't get me
the first time. I I I don't get it. I
follow numbers. I follow math. And
the one person said, "Well, just drop a
couple bucks in and see if you hit and
then you can walk away." Now, I can walk
away right now.
It's
the worst thing that could happen is the
first time you gamble, you win big
because that will that will wire your
brain in some bad ways. My question
isn't about regulation, though. It's
about feature complete. It's about done
enough to let it drive away on its own
unsupervised. Um whether it has a
steering wheel or not is irrelevant
because it's empty and there's no one in
it. I think I may have heard Elon say by
the end of next year in the past
&gt;&gt; for a number of years.
&gt;&gt; Is this time he's super serial or?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hit the deer with my Tesla. FSD
didn't stop even after hitting him on
full speed. Huge surprise after getting
a dozen of false stops every day. H
experiencing worse side of Tesla service
now. Can't even get an estimate for
insurance. Nearest appointments only in
January. I don't know that doesn't sound
entirely believable. Um some parts of it
more than others, but you know um
fortunately no human has ever hit a
deer.
Yeah, right.
You ever been to Michigan?
&gt;&gt; I I I have been to Michigan and they are
thick as rats out there. They are
absolutely everywhere, but especially
from this angle, a deer of this very
small size. And we saw the damage is
quite limited. That is not a lot of
damage.
&gt;&gt; No, typically when you get when you hit
a deer, it typically bounces up over the
hood and smashes your windshield and all
sorts of fun. You can easily total a car
with a full-size adult deer and uh then
what you do is you put it in the back
seat and drive around with it and hope
and then later find out that it's still
alive. Uh
&gt;&gt; that's a movie.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that is a movie. You're right.
That's Tommy Boy I'm thinking of. I have
that problem frequently. It's been a
busy week. We had the earnings call on
Wednesday and due to linear time, I
don't know what it was because this is
not uh a post Wednesday recording. Did
you know that
&gt;&gt; we're time traveling? Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; We are. Uh for those who don't believe
I'm a time traveler, if you've ever met
me before and you meet me again, please
observe that I have existed in two
different points in time.
So, and that is one of my special powers
is my ability to travel forward in time
very slowly.
&gt;&gt; And and appear in the Arctic when you'd
never been there.
&gt;&gt; If I'd actually been in the Arctic,
maybe I'd have got a ticket cuz they all
did.
Hey, can Tesla build a one car? A car
with one seat that travels 12,200 m on a
single charge at 55 mph. This is the
real question for those who do not stop
on road trips. The demand is indeed
clearly through the roof for this
product. Tesla could sell dozens of this
car at any price as long as the price is
under 60,000.
&gt;&gt; You see people this relates back to that
previous question about if the car does
all these things, I will buy it. And
it's like come on, you can't do all
these things and expect the car to sell
like that. And you are not the entire
market, no matter how many cars you buy.
&gt;&gt; And they're not being honest. BYD has a
new hybrid out with an astounding range.
Have you seen it?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; 1,300 miles. Well, I assume that will be
the bestselling car in the world.
&gt;&gt; And when it isn't, because it won't be,
can we put to bed the myth that the only
thing that matters to me is the ability
to drive halfway across the country. I
mean, I need to drive for 20, 25 hours
straight with just a jugs and jugs of my
own. Uber's flexible, inexpensive
business model is here. Is it?
Because if you're going to compete with
Tesla or Whimo, the first thing you have
to do is be able to get a car for the
same price as Tesla or Whimo. And I
don't know how you do that. If you're
buying a car from Tesla or Whimo,
&gt;&gt; they they tend to want to profit from
that sale. So, they're not giving them
away.
&gt;&gt; The whole thing about technology over
the last 20 years has been eliminating
the middleman. Uh there's a whole
graveyards filled with middlemen. It's
tragic. It doesn't count the dead
heading when they're rolling around
looking for a fair or getting from a
fair to another fair. In New York City,
you will regularly see people hop out of
a taxi and someone else hop right in.
I've seen that with an Uber. Uh although
I did get close in Florida, I had to run
over to a little meet and greet I had
and an Uber pulled up, dropped a guy off
and then looped and just sat there and I
requested a ride and he pulled 5T
forward and he said, "I knew you were
going somewhere."
&gt;&gt; You look like a fair before.
&gt;&gt; You look like a fair. I'm not driving
all the way back to Orlando. So, who's
going to win the robo taxi race?
Tesla, Whimo, or and I'm going to give
you a hint. This analyst is off their
rocker. Who's the third one? Tesla,
Whimo, or
&gt;&gt; I didn't see this. So, it's Tesla,
&gt;&gt; Uber.
&gt;&gt; Uber. Come on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uber. Uh Uber is a buyer of uh
technology. Um and they buy it from
other car makers. So I don't see where
Uber came out of this. This came out of
left field.
&gt;&gt; I don't get it. I don't know what you're
talking about. They're not in the same
bit. I mean, if you said taxi race.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you didn't. You said robo. So there
I have questions. I've got some
terrible, terrible news. News of the
dumb. This is what we're doing. The
Sahara covered with solar panels. The
biggest mistake in history. And two
billion we lost.
What direction do you imagine this is
going?
&gt;&gt; Uh this this is bizarre. Uh because of
course the Sahara gets a lot of sun.
&gt;&gt; Gets a fair amount amount of sunlight.
That is correct. And and and solar
panels tend to like the sun as much they
can possibly get.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they do. That's true. So, what?
Well, uh would you believe the answer is
climate change? No. No. Hear me out. Uh
bright future or ecological problem. You
see, if you change shadows and create
different, it's going to change weather
patterns.
Wait, that's more than our margin.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; That's That's I I told you to tuck your
sack back in, but they just didn't
listen. So, that's great. That's great.
And the last bit of very very exciting
and definitely not uh deeply troubling
news is Volkswagen today said, "Hey, you
know, you know what we could do? Why
don't I pay you less?"
Yeah, you guys you guys are cool with a
10% pay cut, right? I mean,
&gt;&gt; everyone's got to chip in. Everyone's
chipping in.
&gt;&gt; When we were doing really good, surely
uh we gave you guys an extra 10%.
&gt;&gt; Somewhere along the line,
&gt;&gt; Joe from Sanwaqen says, "Yikes, no good
way to spin that news." Correct. I was
talking with an Amazon engineer the
other day and I said uh I was telling
him about the complication of
integrating all of the systems, all the
software and I said Volkswagen tried it.
Guess how many software engineers they
hired to build a from the ground up
internal system. And he thought for a
second I said no no give me the wrong
number. And he goes, "Oh, uh 2,000
10." It was 10,000 that they hired. And
he's like, "Yeah, that's
good job. Good job." He He goes, "That
would be the best job ever. You wouldn't
have to do anything and no one would
know."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's exactly what happened.
&gt;&gt; All righty. So, for my pre-tapes, this
was the end of it. This was the last one
I had to do. I am now all set for the
remainder of my day. Not that the day is
over, but that all the other pretapes
are already pre-taped and all of the
live stuff is still upcoming. How long
is this going to go? I don't know. Uh
except that I do because I've already
scheduled all the segments. So, I mean,
they're happening. They're being
announced automatically on X every time
they change. Title and thumbnail keeps
changing. What is going on? What is
today? It's April Fool's Day. Have some
fun. And there we go. It is me. Uh, you
know, Tesla's road map, it's over, you
guys. It's done. They don't have a road
map. They don't know what they're doing.
They have no direction. They are
rudderless. And you know who probably
agrees with me, or rather doesn't, is
James Stevenson. He cannot underscore
enough. I bet you. Uh, but we're going
to find out. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
James, uh, what the heck is going on?
This company Tesla, they've got all
kinds of, uh, things that they're
working on. What is the road map for the
rest of the year, for the rest of the
decade? I guess we've got a few
different things going on. And I should
mention if you're not following James,
you're doing it wrong. Uh he's of uh
great charts and the one thing he loves
doing is uh taking people with really
bad charts and really bad takes
generally and setting them on fire.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh thank you for that kind uh
introduction, Brian. I appreciate you.
Uh is are we live now? Is this live now?
&gt;&gt; This is now live. Unless you're catching
it after April 1st, in which case it was
live then.
&gt;&gt; There there were so many pre-taped that
felt like live segments in a row. It
felt like I was watching one of those
horror movies where the the monster
keeps coming back to life over and over
again. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Dormamu. I'm here to bargain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there you go. It's like the the
time loop from Doctor Strange. Uh yeah,
so many questions. uh that that's one of
your favorite techniques is you just
throw out a buffet of questions uh to
open up the beginning of the segment
like hey attack any of that that you
would like just
&gt;&gt; well I will start with an easy bit of
the road map uh that you can tell me
because this one is pretty easy mega
packs is this important to the company
is it something they should worry about
do they know what they're doing
&gt;&gt; mega packs are one of the best things
happening for Tesla's P&amp;L Over the past
couple of years, deliveries have been uh
taking a little retracement they call it
in the stock market over the past couple
of years. Uh you don't want to say on
the decline uh because the production is
going to come back uh aided by Cyber
Cab. That's part of the road map uh for
Tesla to make a whole lot more of those.
But this mega pack question is perhaps
even more important to some Tesla
investors to see, hey, Tesla makes other
stuff besides cars at really good profit
margins. The world is going to need a
lot more data centers, a lot more
compute and
&gt;&gt; a lot more grid stabilization even.
&gt;&gt; Yes, grid stabilization is important. If
you're familiar with the duck curve, the
idea that power utilization is not a
continuous amount of demand 24 hours per
day. At some times of the day, more
electricity is demanded than at others.
So, you don't need to build more power
generating plants if you're able to.
Hey, check it out. Look at that duck
curve. Uh, so I like a good chart. Uh
this is the idea that uh yeah if you
chart this every day of the week uh and
then overlay all those as some of these
charts are doing kind of looks like a
duck where uh there's a peak during the
day in demand and then uh there's a uh a
low point uh in your curve and it kind
of resembles a duck and they call it the
duck curve. Uh, so you can stabilize
your grid as you were just saying if you
have enough batteries. How do you get
enough batteries? You buy a whole bunch
of mega packs and you put them in the
backyard of your power plant and then
you can store extra power in them and
then use it at the times of day when
demand for power is highest. And then
you won't have blackouts for your
customers and they will say thank you
for thinking ahead and not causing our
power to fail.
&gt;&gt; And what if the uh next thing you know
after you know I mean mega pack is
pretty good but what if we daisy chained
a few together to make something even
better. Internalize some of the
difficult parts uh that are on the
outside to make installation even
quicker. Um, give it a a clever name
like Mega Blok or I guess put two of
them together and call it Duplo. I feel
like we're talking about toys at this
point. Uh,
&gt;&gt; or or Dubstep, one of those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, this is uh this is the new
one. This is going to be LFPs made in
Lancing, Michigan from the LG plant. And
the factory is almost done. Uh if not
already done and being uh last I saw it
was being uh kitted out with all the
production equipment. So this is
imminent. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so one of the complicating
things that happens when you sell a
bunch of mega packs to people is that
they have to wire it up to their power
system and you don't want to electrocute
people. Uh so you want to work safely
and carefully on doing that. But it does
take time. It's not instantaneous. And
depending on the regulatory environment
where the installation occurs, there are
inspections required in some cases by
government officials who need to
schedule their sweet time to come by,
check it out, make sure you've wired it
up correctly, and that it passes
electricians inspections for high
voltage safety
law something or other. invite a smarter
person on than me to talk about this
topic. But at Tesla, uh, a lot of smart
people are engineers and electrical
engineers, and they come up with cool
ideas like this one, which is, hey, how
do we make this more plugandplay? How do
we reduce the amount of time that these
things are sitting around doing nothing
on the job site before they're actually
able to be put into service? because
we're not allowed to declare the revenue
from having sold these things until we
have completed our part of the contract,
which is making sure the thing actually
works. So, it's got to get turned on uh
before you can do that according to the
accounting rules, the gap accounting.
So, this is one clever way to accelerate
the pace of monetizing the revenue from
being able to make mega packs. you hook
them all up into a mega block. Uh, and a
a similar idea we saw not that long ago
from Max Dagger uh posting on X about
how they can cram more superchargers
onto every semif flatbed nowadays
because they worked in a clever pivot
where you can just swing out uh some of
those superchargers once you get to the
new supercharger location where you're
installing them and they're already
hooked up. You don't have to do any
additional wiring uh to make that
happen. It's just got a pivot point
built into it. And uh you can pack 16 of
them on a flatbed instead of the old 12.
Just optimization happening at Tesla. Uh
following Elon's uh schedule, you know,
delete, delete, delete. Make the
requirements less dumb. It comes first.
Then, you know, optimize, accelerate,
and automate.
Yeah.
Uh
&gt;&gt; oh. Are you on mute, Brian?
&gt;&gt; And don't optimize uh or a procedure or
process that should be eliminated.
&gt;&gt; Yes. The worst mistake of a smart
engineer is to optimize a thing that
should not exist. Uh is what I've heard
Elon say. A time or two.
&gt;&gt; I've helped people move who don't
understand that. We're not organizing.
We're moving. Let's get this packed up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is not the time to decorate.
This is the time to get out of the Hajj.
&gt;&gt; So, the what I hear you saying is that
there are potential slowdowns and
obstacles with connecting A to B. Uh why
don't we just connect A and B at the
factory so we don't have to even deal
with that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if they come preloaded, uh then
once you've gotten to the job site,
there is less work to do there. And I
think they were able to incorporate
other smart uh engineering developments
that make it go quicker. And I can't
recall what they are, but
&gt;&gt; internalizing the transformers.
&gt;&gt; Uh oh. All right. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, why not? And okay, so the
next thing on the road,
&gt;&gt; I never feel dumber than when I'm
watching Jordan Gizigy explain battery
stuff. I'm like, "Wow, he understands
batteries at a level that is far beyond
my my understanding." I I put them in my
electronics and then they work until the
battery dies and then I change them.
That's my that's about my understanding
of how batteries work.
&gt;&gt; And I appreciate that he'll say he'll
pause and say, "Does that make sense?"
And I'm like to someone
&gt;&gt; it might
&gt;&gt; it might I believe you. Does that count?
Uh I do my best.
&gt;&gt; I don't doubt what you said. I just
didn't follow it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When I was explaining to the gang that
they have their own YouTube premium
inside on the TV that I don't share. I
use an ad blocker out here because you
can't have multiple accounts and I don't
want their suggestions. I don't want to
see game playthroughs. That's not my
thing. They said, "What do you watch?"
And I said, "Do you really want to
know?" And I put on Jordan Gizigy and
they said, "You have to be kidding me."
&gt;&gt; I am not because this is my this is my
thing. This is my game playthrough. Hey,
what's this uh this thing here?
&gt;&gt; Uh well, that is a Tesla semi. It's been
in the works since uh what 2017.
&gt;&gt; Uh and they've been testing them on the
roads, making them better. They got a
version,
&gt;&gt; I don't know if it's 2.0 or 3.0 or
whatever it is by now. But, uh, they've
been
&gt;&gt; taking feedback from the companies that
they've been partnering with to test
these out on the roads, put them out,
uh, running daily, uh, logistics, uh,
last mile delivery, all sorts of long
haul situations, up and down mountains.
And
&gt;&gt; is this important to
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sorry.
&gt;&gt; Is this is this important to the road
map?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's important to Tesla
achieving its mission. I know the
mission has changed some, but uh I think
they still want to accelerate the
world's transition to sustainable
energy. That's part of it. And a lot of
longhaul semi-ractors
are belching uh poison gas into the air
still. And it would be good to make that
stop happening because they are the
primary pollutants on the roads. also
break dust. Very, very bad stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; these
&gt;&gt; use a lot less brake because they
regenerate.
&gt;&gt; Clever little uh change to them. I don't
know if you've heard about this, but if
you look at the mirrors, you will see a
little crack right here. I don't know if
you can see that, but there's a little
crack at the bottom of the at the base
of the mirrors. And that is because, as
it was explained to me by a company in
Michigan that sells aftermarket parts,
you know, you are required by law to
sell these with a mirror, even though
you're not required to have a mirror to
use them. Semiis are already legal if
you have a mirrorless video system,
digital mirrors. So, this top part
simply removes and the wing remains
because that's where the camera is.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I I gotcha. Yeah. So, you still need
the uh extension out to the side to be
able to get the perspective you want on
your camera feed that tells you what's
going on behind you, but you can improve
your drag by getting rid of that giant
mirror if you want. Mhm. By getting rid
of that giant pickle ball paddle.
&gt;&gt; And also the windows open now, so you
can reach your hand out through the
window if you're a trucker and adjust
that mirror if you need to be able to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Uh or get your toll slip or whatever it
may be. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Well, pick up your fast food. Yeah. If
you're driving around without a trailer
behind you. Sure. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Road map. We're talking road
map and specifically 26. Are we going to
see these deployed this year?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, we're gonna see them later
this year.
&gt;&gt; Is James frozen just for me or am I
frozen?
I hope
&gt;&gt; Aha. Because I just asked in the chat,
are you frozen or am I? So, I don't
know. Hopefully you unfreeze soon. Ah,
&gt;&gt; the chat is saying that you
&gt;&gt; Oh, I can hear you a little. Okay.
Well, he has disappeared entirely. He
shall return shortly. I am confident. At
which time we will resume. Uh
I am of the belief that these will be
seen on the roads this year. I'm not
confident at what point uh they are at
what point this year that will happen
but it is likely to be I don't know
first half. No uh definitely in the
second half but uh we do have a comment
saying that James is being integrated
into an Optimus. So that's uh integrated
to an Optimus. That's great. Of course
we've got Yeah. Happy April Fool's Day.
Thank you ISP for uh being
being being fun like that. Normally I
don't do many live streams. They do I do
pretape so events like this don't happen
as much. It is entirely possible that uh
that his uh computer is having having a
bit of a day. Uh, so unfortunately
that's a thing that happens sometimes,
but we have tremendous coping skills
here at the world headquarters of
Futurazzo.
Uh, aka a garage. Don't the best
businesses start in garages? It's been 5
years. I'm still in the garage. Not sure
what to do with that. Uh, to address the
poll, I'll address this real quick.
Uhhuh. We got Gray saying Loki pulled
the plug and computers make our lives
easier. Uh only 12% saying not not a
good stream. Not a good marathon yet. 1
and 8. I'll take it. Uh and 23% asking
how long has this been going? The answer
to that is of course 6 hours and 17
minutes plus. But don't worry, it's not
over yet. Uh, unless you are James'
internet connection, in which case, who
knows, man? Uhhuh.
Ah, is the launch happening? Is that a
thing? Uh, back after the launch. H,
maybe I'll see if that's
something that I need to cover as well
because it'd be fun. Uh, I don't want to
steal
anybody's
uh thunder on that. I'll just type in
Artemis. See, maybe if there's a uh
official stream on that, that would be
good. Uh, that's CBS. I don't want that.
Uh, those are all news ones. There we
go. Nope. That's They're all news. I
don't want to use theirs. I'm not
stealing Tim Dodd's.
Let's see. There we go. NASA. Okay.
Yeah. Let's
&gt;&gt; So, I'll just pull that up. I guess
&gt;&gt; I am uh go for the poll.
&gt;&gt; What's the countdown? 10 minutes. Oh,
it's held it. For all personnel, this is
the entity conducting the Artemis 2
launch readiness check.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Verify ready to resume.
&gt;&gt; OTC is go.
&gt;&gt; I should give it thumbs up.
&gt;&gt; STC is go.
&gt;&gt; GTC.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Holding it 10.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to mute it.
&gt;&gt; Council is go
&gt;&gt; we hang out. I will mention on the road
map, you know, uh other stuff too. there
is on the road map for this year alone.
We do have we do expect the Roadster to
be unveiled. We do expect an Optimus
demo at some point before too long. Um
we do expect to hear more uh about the
chips. Groundbreaking may happen this
year for that pilot portion. Um it is a
big year. So, uh, I'm being told in the
chat by David, yes, it is a planned
hold. I mean, I'm here. We might as well
might as well check it out. Boy, that
looks steampunk.
Um,
super cool building. I've only been out
to Kennedy Space Center once.
It was after the uh Tesla Con in 23
22 maybe 22 and uh got to finally see a
Saturn 5 up close. It was uh big. Uh it
was everything I hoped it would be but
insane to look at considering the degree
of technology available in the 1960s.
so massive and you know beautiful a
thing of beauty indeed. What's
interesting and you can't see it here is
that currently more people are watching
this stream on X than on YouTube. If
you're watching it on X, by all means,
uh drop a comment in the chat if you're
able to do so. Uh because most of the
comments I'm seeing, boy, all of them
going back hours are only showing up
from YouTube.
So, that'd be kind of neat. Uh, and I am
not listening.
But, uh, I will count on David to keep
me up to date. He is my correspondent in
the chat. Uh, so that's going to be
good, too. Think I can make myself a
little nicer. Still fits. Still fits.
Uh, yeah. Uh, anything you guys would
like to talk about while we're waiting
to see if Loki permits James to return
to the show? He's been very gracious
with his time today. Um, and his
internet provider has also been fairly
gracious. Can't always uh get to enjoy
all of that. Uh, so let's see what we've
got here. Okay, I'm going to go back to
that
there. Allen. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Well, we'll see what happens. And
I'm going to move this over so I can see
in the chat. Anybody have anything
they'd like to discuss? Um, I will be
going to another the final pre-tape of
the day at uh
3:47. So, I got 25 minutes left.
Mhm.
Okay. All good. Seem
Okay. So, uh, yeah, gang. Uh, what would
we like to chat about today? Uh, hold
should end in about a minute. Okay.
Well, that's good. Any Aha. Any
information on the FSD time frame for
semi? No. Uh, not yet. We would um I'm
not expecting to see any guidance on
that until they're ready to announce
something to their customers. Uh, I know
it's a lot of fun to announce customer
stuff because the customer verse is very
different, but if they talk about it
prematurely and customers get the wrong
impression, they could be very upset.
So, uh, no news on that, but that
doesn't mean it isn't happening. I
imagine it's all hands on deck for robo
taxi and at that point they'll begin
focusing on FSD for Semi. Um,
timer has not yet moved. Um, is Elon uh
at Kennedy Space Center? Wouldn't
surprise me. Don't know, but uh I would
guess no just because he's so busy, but
that he is definitely watching. Uh, what
was the biggest takeaway from the China
trip? Um, the autonomous revolution is
happening. It's not limited to rich
countries. It's every country. At my
hotel, the room service was delivered by
a little robot. I did an interview with
uh Will from uh China Driven. And during
our interview, which was uh in the
little uh elevator area, the wait the
little lobby sort of thing outside the
elevators on the I don't know whatever
floor he was on, the 12th floor. At one
point in the interview, the elevator
opens and a little robot comes out to
deliver
deliver room service. In a country where
labor is so affordable, they're still
automating and everything is automating.
So that's my biggest takeaway is that if
you want to hold back robotics because
you think it's going you're protecting
wages, you're not. The robots are just
going to get cheaper and cheaper and
cheaper. And I don't expect to see
Optimus or something like that in the
future doing that. uh when you've got
something that good that's that small
and affordable. There he is. Let's find
out if we can hear him.
&gt;&gt; Well,
I
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, I can hear you now.
Whether or not I can
It's really bad. Uh have you
sacrificed internet?
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, you're still just a
robot.
Um
&gt;&gt; All right. This is Oh, maybe
maybe
&gt;&gt; well I will leave you to cover the uh
SLS launch van because that's a current
event happening right now. So
here
&gt;&gt; okay appreciate you my friend and we
will talk soon. Uh give my love to Loki
of course. Uh but he knows he knows.
All right. Thank you James.
All right.
So, uh, you know, internet, what are you
going to do? Hey, hey, our countdown
continues. So, just to conclude on Brian
Reby's question from Brian Reby drives
electric. I have to give him some love
up here, too. Uh, is in answer to the
question, autonomy is coming. It's going
to be everywhere. Uh,
just going to pull that up. Um,
it's going to be everywhere. It's going
to be everything. Um, and by the way,
this is Brian Reed Drives Electric. Got
to check him out. Uh, it's a fun channel
and I enjoy it. Of course, now that I've
done that, I can't see where I was.
There we go. I was here. 8 minutes and
48 seconds to go. I love it. That means
that just after takeoff, I'm going to be
playing a a clip of uh of uh you know,
of a trip I took to the factory. If you
guys get a chance to hang around at 3:47
p.m. is a little look at the tour I was
able to take uh of the Xpang, the
Xiaoang factory in Guangjo, China, just
outside of Guangjo, where I was able to
bring with me a bunch of uh viewers. I
was able to put together my own little
private tour group for viewers. So, uh
those when I get those opportunities,
which is rare, I uh extend the
opportunity to people to join me uh
because that's sort of appreciation that
I appreciate. So, who knows, man. We're
at Tminus less than 8 minutes. Uh very
exciting. If you have any questions, by
all means, feel free to ask. Uh, let's
see how we're doing over here. Looks
good. It's a good thing that James was
the one with the internet issue rather
than me. That would have really been
frustrating. My gosh, I don't know if
I'd have handled it well. Uh,
it has a problem. Uh, in the last 10
minutes, it'll be a 75 minute uh
recycle. That makes sense. Uhhuh. Let's
see.
I should have my corpus colossum severed
so that I can follow two streams at
once. Don't do it, David. Don't do it.
It's happening. It does appear to be
happening. T-minus 7. Oh, strong back
retracted. That's what we like to see. I
don't know why I'm wearing headphones.
My friends and I were served food by a
robot in Panama City restaurant over a
year ago. So, I had I've been to one
restaurant in the US that did that. I
guess I've only been to one restaurant
anywhere ever that's done that, but it
was in the US. Now, I get it. Especially
in Washington State, labor is quite
expensive. But Panama City, China, these
don't strike. I mean, this just means
it's easier to pay for a robot than to
deal with the hassle of a human. If you
could if you if there was a way you
could run a whole restaurant by yourself
or even without yourself, I think you'd
do it. I think you'd do it. Whimo, it's
apparently in Minnesota now. Need to
check it out and thanks for the shout
out. Yeah. Yeah. Appreciate your work. I
appreciate everything you do on your
channel. Um, been stuck on T-minus 10
for a while, but it is once again
moving. T-minus 6ish.
It's a shame that James was a robot. His
lowkey delivery is so watchable.
Boo, John. Boo. No, you know I
appreciate it. Go live. It's down to
720. I am live. I think I'm live, right?
What do you mean go live?
Oh. Oh, I see. Comments are from a few
minutes ago. Understood.
Uh, but it might be that I don't know.
Uhhuh.
I see what you did there, John. Took me
a minute. Uhhuh. Check yourself for a
pulse.
me
who check who for a pulse fiveish
minutes until the kabooy which I believe
is the technical term. Yeah, I think
that's the one. Um, not positive, but
I'm reasonably confident that's correct.
Uh, oh, responding to another comment.
Mhm. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Telling
someone else. Well, don't freak me out,
man. Uh-huh. If you have a pulse, you're
alive. Well, now I have to check.
I don't feel one.
Pulse. I get it. I don't. That's all
right. Uh, space is exciting. I had
someone ask me recently, why? Why? Like,
why do you like space? Why? What? What
is it? He said, I don't know. I think
it's cuz I'm It's cuz I grew up through
the 80s when shuttle was exciting. Uh we
were little kids. Uh it was it was cool.
It was exciting. Uh they were pushing
new new frontiers.
Or so we thought. Now in retrospect, we
know that they weren't pushing as much
as we thought. What they did was made
something that could launch spy
satellites effectively to low Earth
orbit and do very little else. Uh so uh
that made for uh you know kind of a
disappointment in retrospect but at the
time I was very excited and what I tell
people is there are only two things that
can make me cry and uh one is space
stuff a good rocket launch bring tears
and the other is baseball don't ask. Um
but James does have an update for us an
important update. I think my ISP will
refund me for my for one hour of
bandwidth.
Yeah, I had two days of outage and my
company when I called to say, "Are you
working on it? Like, what's going on?"
They said, "Don't worry, we're going to
give you an account credit for it." I've
noted. I go, "Just do it right now."
Nah, we have to wait until it's
restored. Which is the biggest lie of
all time. And I said, "Just do it now.
Just do it now." Nah, can't. But I put a
note in here. It's going to happen.
It'll happen. You won't even have to
worry about it. It'll It'll definitely
happen. It didn't happen. So, I spend an
hour dealing with them after that. And
they're like, "We have no record of you
ever even calling or of an outage." I'm
like, "Well,
ah, but we will give you a $5 credit as
a courtesy." $5.
Wow. So, the lesson to be learned is
don't call. Don't call. So, that's uh um
have Loki send them an email. No, what
you need to do is you is James needs to
contact them from the office of Loki and
say, "Mr. Loki does not want to have to
deal with this himself. Do not make me
escalate this to Loki." Two and a half
minutes. I think we're going to make it.
Uh, by we, I mean people watching. I
have no idea if the countdown will go
off as scheduled because I
have no frame of reference. Okay, the
gimbals are working. Looks like a
successful test there. Um, that's great.
Those money grabbing so and so's. It's
all about Oops. Process control. It's
all about process control. They know
that if they make they know they have to
give me something, but they know they
don't have to do it in a way that makes
me ever want to ask again. Their
objective is to make asking for the
credit that you were supposed to get
automatically so uncomfortable that
you'll never do it again. They know what
they're doing. They've tested it. Uh, so
it's Century Link. They're mildly evil
and mildly terrible, but that's better
than average. So, I can accept that, I
suppose. Um, but they are money rubbing
soands. Uh, but I would remind you to
watch your language.
No. Uh, how'd you know I'm from Derby?
Up the Rams. Don't know what that means.
Probably shouldn't have put it on the
air. I have five four live streams
going, but I'm still listening to Brian.
I must have rocks in my head. You don't.
You don't. Can't be worse than Comcast.
Correct. Comcast is awful. I had nothing
but problems with Comcast.
So, so terrible. Terrible people.
Terrible uh I don't mean the frontline
workers. I mean, the like management
truly truly awful. So, I guess I'm going
to put the headphones back on because
when this goes, I might as well listen
to it. Uh, if you guys are still with
me, which it appears some of you are for
some reason beyond my scope of
understanding, but I appreciate it. 32
seconds. I think we should bring the
power the sound back up.
Uhhuh.
It's like those mail enhancements
promising money back guarantee. How
would that conversation go? Well,
somebody's saying liftoff, meaning I'm
catching a slow, slow stream of it. But
let's turn the sound back on. I can find
the window.
RS25 engines.
4 3 2 1 booster ignition and liftoff.
The crew of Artemis 2 now bound for the
moon. Humanity's next great voyage
begins.
&gt;&gt; Good. Roll pitch.
&gt;&gt; Roger. Roll pitch.
&gt;&gt; Houston now controlling the flight of
Integrity on the Artemis 2 mission
route.
&gt;&gt; Integrity AMT high.
on time passing 30 seconds.
Integrity passes the ultimate target
milestone. Mission control Houston say
good performance engines space launch
system core stage integrity 3 miles in
altitude
traveling more than 12,200 mph.
Mission last time passing one minute.
Approaching
&gt;&gt; max Q
on
&gt;&gt; stand. We have you loud and clear on.
&gt;&gt; Have you the same?
&gt;&gt; Communication signal transfer confirmed
as Integrity and its crew go supersonic.
Approaching 90 seconds into the Aremis 2
mission. Integrity is 14 miles in
altitude, 8 miles downrange, traveling
more than 2600 miles hour.
1 minute 50 seconds of mission elapse
time. standing by for main engine
throttle down to 85% ahead of solid
rocket booster separation expected at
the 2 minute 9 second mark.
We see throttle throttle down.
Converge separation.
Main engine's throttling up. Guidance
converged.
&gt;&gt; Integrity. Guidance converged.
Performance nominal. Upper stage RCS
ready.
&gt;&gt; Copy. All stand.
Integrity. SM priming complete.
&gt;&gt; SM priming complete.
&gt;&gt; 2 minutes 45 seconds of mission elapse
time into the Artemis 2 mission.
Thrusters on integrity and upper stage
confirmed in a ready state. Head of
service module fairing separation.
3 minutes into the flight. Integrity 49
miles in altitude. 78 m downrange now
passing 5,000 mph
&gt;&gt; standing by for launchport system
jettison
&gt;&gt; Houston integrity good last jettison
great
&gt;&gt; copy Edison team eco 8 plus 02
&gt;&gt; we see the sale on board Stan
&gt;&gt; and Houston has you loud and clear on
Peters at the common line
&gt;&gt; outing Stan we have his name
&gt;&gt; 3 minutes 50 seconds into the flight of
Artemis 2 Wiseman Glover Cook and Hansen
cross the boundary to space with good
com checks GPS signals acquired After
last jettison now working on internal
checks to verify accuracy.
Flight dynamics officer analyzed the
time of main engine cutoff confirmed at
8 minutes 2 seconds. Time of mo
Entry GPS processing.
&gt;&gt; Outstanding. Stan, we see the same. And
we have a beautiful moonrise. We're
headed right at it.
Approaching five minutes into the
flight, Commander Reed Wisman confirms
he can has visuals of his destination.
GPS guidance, navigation, and control
software finishes internal checks and
sends to navigation channels.
&gt;&gt; Integrity three engine prep.
&gt;&gt; Three engine press.
On time now, passing 5 minutes 20
seconds of mission elapse time into the
Artemis 2 mission. At this point, three
good main engines are all that's needed
to carry Integrity to a nominal main
engine cutoff target. Though at this
time, we're saying four good engines
here in mission control Houston.
Integrity 75 miles in altitude, 330 m
downrange, approaching 10,000 miles
hour.
Integrity
looking good at 6 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Same on board. Stan
&gt;&gt; good trajectory and engine performance.
Booster officer will soon report the
shutdown plan to flight director Jud
Freeling expected at the 7 minute mark.
Integrity 78 miles in altitude 460 mi
down range.
&gt;&gt; Air integrity expect nominal shutdown.
&gt;&gt; Integrity copies nominal shutdown.
6 minutes 40 seconds of mission elapse
time. Shutdown plan is as expected.
Again, the time of Mika was confirmed at
8 minutes 2 seconds into the flight.
7 minutes of mission elapse time.
Throttling down as we approach the abort
once around option. Milestone at the 7
minute 30 second mark.
Now 84 miles in altitude. 650 miles
downrange traveling more than 15,000
mph.
&gt;&gt; Integrity. A open.
&gt;&gt; Away open.
The window is now open for an aboard
once around option that would target
splashdown in the Pacific Ocean. Still
following nominal ascent at this time.
About 10 seconds remaining until the
main engine cut off of the space launch
system core stage.
Standing by for confirmation of MCO and
core stage separation.
Integrity
in nominal mo core stage separated.
&gt;&gt; We see the same on board. Stand.
&gt;&gt; 8 minutes 40 seconds into the flight. We
have a nominal main engine cutoff
heading in the right trajectory on the
way to swing around the moon. Core stage
has separated, done its job. The space
launch system upper stage, the inner rim
cryogenic propulsion stage or ICPS still
attached to the Orion spacecraft.
Nine minutes of mission elapse time.
Integrity crew of Reed Wisman, Victor
Glover, Christina Cook, and Jeremy
Hansen now in orbit around the Earth at
the beginning of their journey to the
moon.
and Terity Houston looking ahead to PRM
numbers so far per the pad.
&gt;&gt; Copy. That's stand numbers for the pad.
&gt;&gt; Capcom and Stan Lo's
now reminding the crew that the uh parig
raise maneuver time of ignition is as
expected prior to booster ignition.
That time being 49 minutes 50 seconds of
mission elapse time.
Guys, well, I got to get back on
schedule. So, I am uh now going to uh
take you into the next uh pre-taped
segment. If I can find the correct
screen, and I can. It's right here. and
I will see you guys at the top of the
hour for the next big live thing. Last
month, I had a chance to tour the
factory of Xiaoang in Guangjo, China.
This was my second visit to that
factory, and on the first one, they gave
me some tickets I could give out. So,
when I found out I was going back to
test the car again, more thoroughly,
behind the wheel, choosing my own path,
well, I knew I should reach out and see
if anyone wanted to go on the tour with
me. So I reached out to my supporters on
Patreon, on X, and on YouTube and said,
"Look, if you can be in the area, we can
make this happen." I was able to bring
five, technically six guests if you
include uh Raj and myself. Seven. There
were seven of us in total. It was a
really great tour. Um I'm grateful for
the opportunities my supporters give me
to actually do these things, to go these
places, to see these things, and that's
why I reach out to them when
opportunities come up. I'm taking
another tour group uh to see the Lyre
Mega Pac factory later in April. Uh I
unfortunately uh do not have any more
tickets available for that. But uh
whenever I get these opportunities, I
share them first with my, you know,
supporters. It's my way of saying thank
you. Uh in addition to also just saying
thank you. So thank you. Uh this video
is a bit choppy, not the most
informative. At points it gets
obnoxiously loud with background noises,
but that's because we're not allowed to
shoot inside the factory. We just got
some perspectives around the factory and
it's I don't know a lot of fun. Thank
you to everyone who joined me on this
tour and uh to everyone else uh hope you
enjoy and you know hang out because
there's something special coming up at
the top of the hour.
Okay guys, so we are in the car. We are
almost to the Xiaoang factory. Sometimes
they're calling it Xpong. Sometimes
they're calling it Xpang. They don't
care what you call it. Just don't call
them late for dinner. Uh so uh what I've
got is a couple of friends here, viewers
who uh were able to join me on the tour.
Uh so thank you to everyone who supports
the channel. You're the reason this is
able to happen. Uh we're going to check
it out. We've got I'm going to show you
out the window here. That's u part of
the part of it. You can see the big X on
the roof. And uh we went past a factory
and now we're at the next part of the
factory. It's multiple buildings across
a extended campus. And yeah, once I get
inside, I won't be able to shoot. So,
figure might as well show you what I can
when I can. Uh, this is employee
parking. Not as many of the company's
cars
uh for the employees as I expected, but
here we are.
Lot of stuff. This is where they make
the P7 Plus and I think one other
vehicle. Very fun. Here we go.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so we're getting on the getting on
the shuttle bus. Anybody need to use the
bathroom?
&gt;&gt; Nah.
&gt;&gt; So, we got the
got my my crew of folks here that were
able to join me on the tour. Uh, it's a
lot of fun. Uh, this may be the last
opportunity to film, so I'm going to get
it get it done and we'll head out to the
tour bus.
Okay, so we are here. This is this is
the tour group. This is us checking out
the the Xiaoong factory. Uh, we will
&gt;&gt; what?
&gt;&gt; Oh, no, no. I mean, yeah, sure. Because
I got the mic.
&gt;&gt; Everybody, please take one ear piece
here.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And you can press and hold the button. a
translator in my ear.
&gt;&gt; Oh, course it's not a translator. It's
just the actual It's just so you can
hear them better
&gt;&gt; without it disrupting everyone.
&gt;&gt; Very cool.
&gt;&gt; Say hi.
&gt;&gt; Hello.
Now, everyone, please uh put on your
headphone like this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it has a hook.
&gt;&gt; All right. Now, we're going to head
inside.
&gt;&gt; Now,
we are back
in the tram. We saw the whole inside of
the thing. Uh,
last month I had a chance. A good way to
determine if there's any leaks. Very
fun. Okay, so we're back in the
exhibition hall.
&gt;&gt; Everyone, please gather in front of the
big screen.
&gt;&gt; Gather in front of the big screen.
&gt;&gt; This part of it, this part I imagine I'm
allowed to record because, you know,
we're not in the workshop.
Welcome to
the industrial
tourney. Now please look at the screen.
I will share with you a slide to know
the text profile.
Chinese leading manufacturer. Now this
is the north base of in the north base
we are producing three different models
that is the X9, G9 and P7 plus you've
all seen in the assembly workshop. Now
we have global uh employees over 20,000
and 40% of them are research and
development personnels and we in China
we have three different manufacturing
base that is Guangjo and Wuhan
and now Xen is uh establishing a global
presence. We have research and
development centers and production lines
scattered across the continent. In the
US we have Silicon Valley and San Diego.
In the Europe we have Munich centers and
of course in China we have a Shanghai
centers. And also last year uh like of
October we launched our first overseas
manufacturing base in Indonesia.
And now this is the introduction of our
base. Our base is located in China,
Singapore, Guangjo, Knowledge City in
Guangpu district. Our project include a
vehicle manufacturing base facilities
for manufacturing base in the motors and
other components. The total area covers
512,000
kil square kilometers and over a 4.5
billion UN investment.
Our base accommodates three platforms.
That means we can build SUV, sedans, MTV
on the same line which you have
witnessed at the SE workshop and also
our planned annual production can reach
uh 112,000 units.
Our project follows a smart and green
philosophy. Now you can look at the
picture on our right. So on the roof we
have many solar panels. It can transfer
the solar energy into clean electricity
energy and provide electricity for the
whole base. In the future, we'll keep on
integrating clean energy and help
achieve glo uh national carbon goals.
Now, this is the map of our base.
Currently, we are standing in front of
the A18
at the uh exhibition hall and on our
right is the warehouse and assembly
workshop. And on our left is the
painting workshop. And further left we
have the stamping and welding workshop.
And to this to its left we have die
casting workshop and the HTO
base workshop. There
we are turning a flat sheet into a
threedimensional body part including
four doors two and the fenders. Now we
are entering the welding workshop. Now
you can see here we achieve 100%
automation all done by our robotic arm
and then the car body will arrive at the
painting workshop. First this is electro
coating for a rust proof surface
and then we have robotic arms putting on
the paint automatically.
Then the painting body will go to the
assembly workshop to collect its uh
components.
Now first this is the logistic system
and then this is the sound group
installation area.
So after installation the car will face
nearly 2,000 items of inspection.
Now this is the sensor inspection and
then ring test.
Finally we have the road test area.
Okay, that's it for our video. Now,
everyone, you can follow me. I will show
you the vehicle family.
Now, let's start with the V7 Plus. So,
the plus here doesn't mean an upgraded
version. The plus in Chinese sound
exactly like the word family. So, this
car is built for family. You can see you
can see this car
like 5 7 m long. Now this car you can is
reflecting our
quality and details on the chass
frontal and rear part. So fewer cars
means pure wheels right now is very
construction
and this car is tight
included
flying product.
&gt;&gt; Okay everyone you can follow me here.
Now you can see WE HAVE TWO VEHICLES,
RIGHT? So everyone uh does anyone want
to guess how many seats this car has?
&gt;&gt; Five.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's very precise. It has four
seats because the large room at the rear
is for this kind of aircraft. So this
aircraft can be loaded and become a cube
and it can be stored at the rear of the
car. Now everyone you can look this big
screen. I will share you a video.
Okay. Now everyone this video is filmed
in Dubai. The Middle East has large
demand for our flying car because they
have large desert and developed tourism
provides perfect scenarios for the
flying car.
&gt;&gt; So that was it. You know, the second
half kind of fell apart because it was
so gosh darn noisy in there. And the
display room they have is a bit out of
date. Uh the bodies on the wall are no
longer representative of what they
actually make. Those are displayed
inside the factory and special little
exhibits they have along the path for
the tour. So it's uh exciting stuff.
It's fun stuff. But with that said, hey
man, it's April 1st. Let's get back to
the top of the hour and find out what on
earth we're up to next. I'm going to
push the button.
What happened?
Hello everybody and welcome to the test
life number 457
on this April the 1, 2026.
&gt;&gt; And uh yeah, it's uh we've got a few
more boxes going on here today as you
may have noticed. Um we've got a special
guest uh Mr. Brian White joins us from
the Futurazza Show. How you doing,
Brian? Okay. So, I'm not sure if
everyone on my channel can hear you, but
uh we are co-streaming this as part of
my uh April 1st uh marathon. Did you
guys hear the other people talking?
Because I'm not sure if it did.
&gt;&gt; We did not.
&gt;&gt; No, no,
&gt;&gt; no. Can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; I can hear you. I met people on my show.
Can they hear me? Can they hear you
guys?
&gt;&gt; It is important. It is important. It
says we can hear. Then the question is
on my channel, am I coming through twice
because I've got uh
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. Underwriting is fun.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. I see. That's what it is.
&gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, we're good. I'm ready,
guys.
&gt;&gt; Let's test life it up.
&gt;&gt; Very good. Very good.
&gt;&gt; Also joining me as per usual, we have
Mr. Casey Green joining us from an
undisclosed location in the
Mid-Atlantic. How are you today, Casey?
&gt;&gt; Doing pretty well. Just off of a of a
field trip. Uh the field trip was
planned, but uh we we went to
destinations previously unplanned on the
way, which is always a blast and you'll
know more in a minute. So yeah,
&gt;&gt; very good. And last but not least, Mr.
Patrick Connor from the West Coast. How
are you today, sir?
&gt;&gt; Hello. I'm good. I was a little late. I
was watching the Artemis 2 crew launch,
so that was cool. Yeah, that's that's
where I was. Yeah. Uh so uh it's April
1st and uh if you wanted to transfer
your FSD, well I hope you got it done
because now it is too late.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; uh yep. So uh this this uh is supposedly
the end of it, but we'll see if it comes
back or not. It is a demand lever. I
don't think we'll see it again this
year, but um it could come back in the
future at some point. Of course, it's
going to be less useful over time
because they're no longer selling it.
So, the number of people that own it
outright will diminish. But,
&gt;&gt; uh if if you're hoping for a new vehicle
in 2027, maybe one that has AI5
hardware, you can you can cross your
fingers and hope that it works out for
you to transfer your FSD.
The other thing happening today on April
1st, and this is unfortunately not an
April Fool's joke, is that uh
electricity prices here in Oregon, if
you're in have Pacific Power or Portland
General Electric, are going up uh almost
5%. They was scheduled to go up on
January 1st, but they said, "No, we want
to delay it because we don't want winter
heating uh prices to go up." And you
could make the same argument that you
don't want summer cooling prices to go
up and then do the same again and again
and never raise it. uh which is what
they should do, but they didn't.
&gt;&gt; That reminds me, I did not
&gt;&gt; transition my uh my manual schedules to
the summer plan which started today.
&gt;&gt; That's right. I just spent four times
the price of electricity that I needed
to for a 4hour stretch.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yes. If Yeah. If you have a
seasonal time of use changes, uh it's
it's this is the time of year that they
usually swap. And um for me, I mean,
this is like the official start of the
solar year. is today. So, if you have
any credits left over, which I didn't
because winter uses them all, uh this is
when they get converted and anything you
have left over gets donated to their
needy program. So, uh so this is the the
year that uh the time of year when I
start getting net positive, which is
great. We had our first net positive
day, which is really what I call the
first day of spring. Forget about what
the calendar says or what what's
happening at the equator or wherever
else. So, uh, yeah, it's spring is here
and it's great to see.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Uh, spring is definitely here
and, uh, yeah, let's, uh, let's roll
into the news. Um, I've got uh a few
stories here, but um this is going to
this is kind of hits uh Patrick and
Casey and and maybe Brian and I. Um
about uh what happened about 10 years
ago uh to today's or yesterday's date.
Uh Patrick had shared a post uh with us
on uh on X and uh it was about the
ordering uh of the Model 3. So there was
the presentation that happened uh in the
evening and during the day you could
have ordered the vehicle even before the
presentation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I ordered nine 10 years
and one day ago, right?
&gt;&gt; But then we got to see what we actually
ordered today.
&gt;&gt; And you guys were braver than I because
uh I waited till 4 days after the
presentation before I pulled my trigger.
But uh Patrick, maybe tell us a little
bit about the game day uh before anyone
even knew what they were ordering.
&gt;&gt; Right. So yeah, 10 years ago was
definitely Tesla's iPhone moment. The
Model 3 was a big hit. People lined up
and waited outside of stores to uh order
it. And uh like you said, Mark, even
before they knew exactly what they were
getting because uh they started taking
pre-orders the day the uh when the
reveal event was going to be that night.
So uh both the the day of the event and
the next day, there were lines outside
of all the Tesla stores to uh pre-order.
And um
&gt;&gt; and this was cool. We we had to go
places and in line to order on the
computer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Which is is so strange. Um, I wonder if
um I have it here. So, for all the
people that did that uh if you waited in
line and and ordered your Model 3, they
gave they they sent you a free little
toy car and you got a sketch that uh I
mean uh a copy of the sketch that Fron
made of the Model 3 and I know a lot of
owners framed them. And uh just hanging
out with the people in the line was
really cool because these are all people
who are excited about the same thing.
you know, it's it's it's your crew. It's
your your crowd. And uh yeah, so uh and
this was um I don't want to get too
political, but this was before Musk got
political. So there was none of this
like, oh, I like Tesla, but I don't like
what he's saying. There was none of
that. It was all pure and lovely and and
I miss those days a lot. It
&gt;&gt; was all about, you know, saving humanity
and the environment and fun to drive.
&gt;&gt; Well, I would I have a very different
perspective. 10 years ago is when we
found out for sure that it's over
because there's no way you're going to
be able to build a high volume uh
reasonably priced electric vehicle. The
S and X are rich people toys. They don't
work. I've been told by my friend's
uncle's uh orthodontist
uh because uh his friend had one and he
said it was bad. So this is this is
going to hasten the demise of Tesla. And
I heard a rumor that they're going to be
trying to build in China. Good good luck
with that. They're going to steal your
IP and and open up a new Mesla factory
next door. Uh it's going to be
&gt;&gt; to have that partnership with the 50%.
&gt;&gt; But I will ask to
&gt;&gt; that was just one of the many many
goalpost movings that happened at early
on in Tesla. I mean even with the
Roadster um that's never going to work.
No one's going to want to buy it. Oh and
then it was you know within a small
world successful. They were like, "Oh,
only rich Californians. No one else is
ever going to buy that." And so every
time Tesla did something, uh, it was
like, "Oh, that'll never work." And yet
they proved them wrong repeatedly.
&gt;&gt; It's never going to work. You're going
to what? Build an entire network of
superchargers. Come on. Coast to coast,
worldwide.
&gt;&gt; People can't even find the Chargers in
the in the rest stop.
&gt;&gt; I don't even know how to find them
because I drive a gas car and my car
about Mr. Broer and driving around till
the car died in the
&gt;&gt; Oh, right. That one. Oh, he got Mhm.
That was a That was a fun one. My
question to my friends in the in the
show who all apparently uh made an early
reservation, at what price were you
expecting to purchase your Model 3?
&gt;&gt; $35,000,
but not not me because I was going to
get one that came out sooner.
&gt;&gt; And Patrick?
&gt;&gt; Oh. Uh so I ordered the dual motor and
upgraded seats and upgraded paint. So,
uh, I don't even remember how much it
was.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Were you disappointed when it came
out, uh, at the final price?
&gt;&gt; No, not at all.
&gt;&gt; Right, Mark?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I uh I ordered the initial one
that was available, which was the long
range uh with the upgraded stereo and
such on the inside. So, um I think that
was
I think it was $66,000
roughly Canadian.
And I was not disappointed because I
knew that's what I would be paying. I
had uh I had an idea as to what the cost
was because Tesla had had talked a
little bit about uh what the cost was
going to be before I received it.
&gt;&gt; But um it was interesting to to hear
that as we got closer and closer to
delivery and of course US deliveries
happened first. So, I was kind of made
aware that way uh as to what the uh what
the actual price would be.
&gt;&gt; Well, I would say that's a lot of
poutine because good grace.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, even though US deliveries were
first, Mark still got his car before I
did.
&gt;&gt; That's frustrating. Day one. Day one.
Still has to wait.
&gt;&gt; He four days later I get mine first.
&gt;&gt; Well, we got our Model 3. uh last June.
So,
&gt;&gt; well, yeah, you're
&gt;&gt; little late. You're a little late,
Brian.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you've been standing in line.
&gt;&gt; I can't imagine. You were looking at the
app every day and it just kept pushing
it out week by week by week.
&gt;&gt; Hey, there are people still sitting on
their Cybert truck orders and why Tesla
hasn't told them to get out of line, I
don't know. But yeah. Well, but I mean,
there are people with dozens of them,
dozens of orders. And it's like at that
point I don't know what you're doing.
You're just
&gt;&gt; loaning Tesla money for free. I guess
that's fine.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Go to bucks.
&gt;&gt; Patrick, can I share that photo of you?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Go right ahead.
&gt;&gt; He posted it publicly. I think it's fair
game.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Let's share that view of order day.
&gt;&gt; Here we go.
And while he's doing that, I'll mention
that this co-stream is part of my April
Fool's Extravaganza. I have been live
now for 7 hours and 11 minutes. Uh
&gt;&gt; that's crazy.
&gt;&gt; I'm I told I told everyone in advance it
would be something big. And the joke is
not on you. It's an operations and admin
joke on me. And uh it was not without
its hiccups. Uh but it's going quite
well.
&gt;&gt; Well, I've always had hiccups. Uh I was
I was surprised that mine came uh what
was it? Three years and 30 minutes uh to
the date after the order or two years
and however it was. Uh it was 2019.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot.
&gt;&gt; Right after we we ordered it. So that
was that was amazing.
&gt;&gt; So is this uh Patrick's son I'm looking
at here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A decade ago. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; The Gen One supercharger.
&gt;&gt; How long did it take you to get out of
the supercharger after the picture?
That's my question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. ass stuck in there for a bit.
&gt;&gt; They no longer have that store. That was
a Washington Square.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh they um moved across the street
at what was the uh old um Toys R Us,
which is where I met this guy. Uh we met
over there and uh a Cybertruck event and
chatted. Brian and I did.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was fun. Patrick came in and
said, "I'm Patrick." And I'm like, "I
know.
you know, he wasn't wearing a hat and he
looked more civilian than than usual.
But, um, the Washington Square location
was great. It was one of those beautiful
mall locations, the showrooms. And what
they moved into across the street, well,
they had a service center that they put
up first and then in front of it, they
have their little uh showroom now. And
the showroom is great. It's great. We've
had a number of events out there. Um,
and there's, you know, you can actually
go there during the holidays, which is
something you can't do at the fancy
malls.
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; You can find parking. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Malls are fine most of the year, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, three weeks before Christmas, that
becomes not the case anymore.
&gt;&gt; I wonder if that's changing at all.
&gt;&gt; It's not the case for that one, that's
for sure. I Well, last year just uh just
from my experience, the malls were still
busy as it hovered around Christmas for
sure.
&gt;&gt; Make all their money on four days of the
year.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And got another photo we're going to
share with the audience. And this one uh
was an overhead shot from one of the Joe
Tegmire videos that up. And uh this is a
interesting shot of um
a build that was looks like a little bit
under construction. Um
let's go to share the right thing. Here
we go.
I think this is the one that Brian and I
were talking to Joe about before this
guy came up talking about philosophy.
Not this one. So, we get a sky shot of
course of the uh cyber cab and uh it
looks like it's a frunkless frunk and um
&gt;&gt; and even the uh the cover is missing
somewhere. Um but um
&gt;&gt; obviously you can tell they've been
working on this vehicle. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, the first thing is uh you don't need
the big heavy elaborate uh latches and
springs, the big mechanism because this
isn't a hood. It's a uh a it's a service
hatch. It's an active panel. um which
those spring you know the the
material the piece that you use for a
hood uh spring system is heavy sometimes
dangerous uh expensive
I mean it's and uh fiddly to install
them it's a bit fiddly so a service
hatch is probably going to save you
hundred bucks a car
&gt;&gt; that's true the stick you got the hood
still in the way and the stick so
&gt;&gt; yeah and by the way Casey we told you to
cool off the mic It's too cool now.
Maybe bring it back up a hair because
you're uh awfully soft. Um this is uh
Josh West looked at it and said, "Oh,
that means it's not frontwheel drive."
And a lot of us responded saying, "I
assure you the motor could be underneath
all of that stuff." The way if you were
to look in my frunk, you'd see charger
cables and I honestly I don't even know
what. But you know, I've got my mobile
charger in there.
&gt;&gt; It's under It's very likely under that.
Joe Joey T told us, "I assure you it is
front-wheel drive." The engineers had
told me it's frontwheel drive. I see no
reason why they would change it. This to
me is just good packaging.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's still a little weird that
they would make it frontwheel drive with
those giant rear wheels, though.
&gt;&gt; Eh, why? You only need giant rear wheels
if you're doing uh, you know, hard
acceleration.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, is that the rear wheel
there looking like a truck tire next to
it?
&gt;&gt; No, definitely not. That's just weight
to keep the doormat down. I don't know
what's going on there.
&gt;&gt; That's on top of a container.
&gt;&gt; But it is a very big rear wheel. I want
to say 22 is the final uh rim size. Uh
&gt;&gt; seems really big. I'm surprised.
&gt;&gt; It's all about the uh rolling
resistance. I had I had Ian Pavevelo on
from Fast Wheels to explain with charts
and graphs how because someone very
rudely said, "Brian, you don't know
anything about rolling resistance." And
I said, "That's true."
&gt;&gt; Well, I will get someone who does.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; So, the larger the tire, the better it
is for rolling resistance.
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure. I don't remember now. It
might have had to do with the sidewall.
But the other advantage is uh that tire
is going to last proportionately longer
because of the D. You know, it's how
many times does each time it spins it
loses a little bit of material. So these
tires are going to last for ages.
Especially when you consider you're not
pulling hard G's hardly ever.
&gt;&gt; Uh just not going to be driven.
&gt;&gt; The front ones are um smaller because
it's easier to turn them or
&gt;&gt; it is smaller for two reasons. The first
is arrow. Uh it big. You'd love them to
be big, but bigger ones in the front,
you've got arrow considerations. And
also for turning, if you're going to try
and turn a wheel that's giant, you need
to carve out the edges of a wagon wheel
into your front uh area.
&gt;&gt; And so having a smaller diameter wheel
&gt;&gt; means you don't have to turn it. You
don't have to sacrifice as much real
estate to get the full turn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Here's a photo of me on delivery day. I
just wanted to share that one too since
we're doing this 10 year look back. Uh
&gt;&gt; the Model 3 moment.
&gt;&gt; It's a pretty Is that is that the same
color they kept because that color looks
nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it it does I think the lighting
here it just looks a little darker, but
yeah, that's the uh I don't remember
what the blue color name was.
&gt;&gt; The third blue. I've always liked blue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I liked it. Still have it.
&gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. Well, um
&gt;&gt; I find that hard to believe Teslas don't
last because my brother's nieces
&gt;&gt; I don't know,
&gt;&gt; right? They just the batteries they
catch fire every other week and Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I replaced three on the way home
yesterday. It was terrible.
&gt;&gt; Stopped at 7-Eleven, got some double A's
and made it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's April Fool's Day. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, why not? I got I got to test out
the brakes uh yesterday. That was That
was fun.
You what? I got to test out the brakes
yesterday. That was fun.
&gt;&gt; Oh, did you? Keep them fresh.
&gt;&gt; We were we were riding along on FSD and
uh there was mowing on on on a highway
and then there was a fork in the road,
multi-lane fork. So, it wasn't like, oh,
one lane branched out. Oh,
two, four lanes moved out in each
direction and then a mile of nothing and
then there's a tractor in the middle of
the road
and and and you know you know if you
have it in hurry mode uh on on the uh on
the the uh the legacies the um they're a
little bit of a speed demon and so um
there was a trucker I have a video but I
didn't take the audio out yet there's a
trucker who was taken by surprise by it
in the other lane tractor was not and
you see him weave a little bit and there
was this little white car uh that was
just blocking and matching my speed. And
so we tried slowing down which I
speeding up. I had the signal on as soon
as I saw there was an obstruction and uh
so then they figured I was going to slam
into them rather than the tractor. And
so they moved over to the shoulder way
too late instead of
&gt;&gt; making room when there was time.
&gt;&gt; So I smooshed the brake pedal down and
uh
car nose dive a little bit and thought
it was okay. But the car said no it's
not enough braking. It pulls the pedal
down. It's not not like the pedal is
flattening. It's an active It does this
to me on every panic stop. Apparently,
they don't just push it enough. And I I
thought I was down to the floor, but I
was not. It was another inch or two. And
uh and we missed we missed the the rear
of the mower by
&gt;&gt; close call.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and I was thinking, "Oh
man, he might have he might need to
change underwear." But then I was like,
"Well, it's an EV and we were slamming
on the brakes and so he might have heard
the chirps, but uh it's a diesel
tractor, so he probably didn't hear
anything.
&gt;&gt; But if he was looking in the mirror,
he's probably
&gt;&gt; always fun. Always fun with Casey on a
&gt;&gt; on a highway drive."
&gt;&gt; It is. My wife and I were like, "Well,
how did that happen? What what because I
I might have turned back to look at the
the screaming child for a second, but uh
there's no way I missed the mowing signs
and all this and that." and I went back
around the Oh. Oh, the only thing that
the car did about it was it it
automatically saved uh the footage after
after we uh
&gt;&gt; recovered. So, and uh
&gt;&gt; I I have a terrifying story from
yesterday. I was driving the Model Y.
&gt;&gt; The Model Y, which I don't do very
often. We don't have FSD on it because
we only drive it maybe once a week and
uh it's expensive and I'm not
&gt;&gt; You have a Y and a three.
&gt;&gt; We have a Y and a three. A 2023 Model Y.
So, it's still got the blinkers and
stocks and all that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, in that, so in the three, you
know how you activate the washers,
there's a little button
&gt;&gt; on the wheel.
&gt;&gt; But in the Model Y, how do I activate
the the washer fluid?
&gt;&gt; Not that way.
&gt;&gt; The button?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I I press I press it on the stock.
I pressed and held the wrong button on
the wrong stock.
&gt;&gt; Emergency brake.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's the park. Yeah, that's the
park. Uh gear shifter.
&gt;&gt; That's the That's the Huh. I guess he
wants to be in park button.
&gt;&gt; So for a half a second I was in park at
about 35.
&gt;&gt; Oh.
&gt;&gt; Uh that my passengers are all like,
"What was that?"
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Terror, my friend. That's what
I was a learning moment.
&gt;&gt; The park brake is tiny.
&gt;&gt; I'm surprised it actually shifted into
park at that speed.
&gt;&gt; I don't know why. I mean, they had a
signal for it. You had to hold it for
two, three, four seconds. I mean, if you
do something like that often, it'll just
say, "No, you're wrong."
&gt;&gt; I It might have only locked up the back
wheels because we didn't come screeching
to a halt, but it But it
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it only does the back.
&gt;&gt; But it was good and terrifying.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And then it automatically released from
park
&gt;&gt; when I let go. It was like because the
engineers thought of everything.
&gt;&gt; Somebody did it before and they like,
"Oh, we got we got a solution for that."
&gt;&gt; You won't make that mistake again.
&gt;&gt; I will not. And if one of you out there
would like to make that mistake, all I
can suggest is film it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; film it.
&gt;&gt; Wait, no, no, no.
&gt;&gt; Fools, don't suggest that people do dumb
for content, Brian.
&gt;&gt; No, no. I mean, in a controlled
environment, do it like out at a at an
&gt;&gt; legal approval
and children and
&gt;&gt; pets and all kinds of and curbs. Do you
want to you want to lose all I mean if
you slide into a curb my friend you are
going to hate life.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Dr. Evan Fusco from way back
when the Tesla life started uh he had a
model S and then his wife got an X and
uh all the buttons and stocks were
different locations and so moving
between the two was like ah I get so
confused.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you have muscle memory and if it's not
where you expected, things go wrong
sometimes
&gt;&gt; because mine are exactly the same
spaces, which is
&gt;&gt; I will tell you the one thing I miss
that the Model 3 has that the Model Y
with stocks does not is automatic
shifting into reverse. And I even though
I have a stock, I would really like to
activate that feature.
&gt;&gt; They said that the only requirement was
the the computer. So that's that's
that's annoying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. hand
&gt;&gt; because the automatic shifting works
great. Uh
&gt;&gt; it does.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, uh not having a blinker
stock. I mean, I used to drive a BMW. I
I'm fine.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So So it wasn't two adults in the
computer missing, uh the mower. It was
It was They put it on the other side of
the junction and then waited a mile. So
&gt;&gt; end of that story there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Aha.
Next, uh, I wanted to talk a little bit
about this and, uh, we'll share this
picture.
And you might recognize this guy. This
is, uh, the local, uh, popcorn feeder at
the Tesla diner.
&gt;&gt; But, uh,
&gt;&gt; most expensive popcorn vending machine
ever.
&gt;&gt; Yes, indeed. Um, this, of course, is
Optimus, and this is, uh, going to be a
release of, uh, Gen 3. It's not going to
happen as scheduled. Uh it is a little
bit late, but uh the article was
indicating that u Optimus was at the
diner for some time as as Brian can
attest to. Uh he was serving popcorn. Uh
but um what happened was that after a
short period of time with him there, a
few weeks, uh he was taken out and
uh not replaced. Uh but uh Elon in a ex
um posting recently indicated that yes,
Optimus was coming back, but he will be
Gen 3 and he will be being assigned new
duties at the diner uh which might
include uh some food delivery into the
parking lot and some other things. But
it is interesting to see that with Gen 3
and a more dexterious hand motions uh
that he will be able to uh be more
humanlike
&gt;&gt; and be able to um uh perform some some
new duties.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh I watched I can tell you why
they took him out. I watched this
documentary called Englorious Bastards
and that is the American way of saying
two beers, not the German way. So they
figure out he was a spy.
&gt;&gt; You know it's gonna happen.
&gt;&gt; So it was discovered he was a spy. I did
not see that story. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if it was published. I
might have dreamt it, but I'm pretty
sure that's how it happened.
&gt;&gt; But um
&gt;&gt; three in the movie that was the
giveaway.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't work for the joke.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Two. I want I want five beers. I'm
Roman.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
Yeah. I a centurion walks into a bar and
said, "I for one would like a beer." And
the bartender's like, "Bit repetitive,
but okay."
&gt;&gt; Oh man, we have got the jokes all lined
up today. Brian Brian is punch drunk at
this point. So, so anything can happen
today for sure.
Uh,
another bit of uh, brand new news is
that um, the uh, the loop uh, in Nevada
in Vegas has been updated and we've got
a little video that Tesla or the Boring
Company shared and we will share that
with the audience so they can check out
the new station that has appeared.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wait. published on April 1st though.
You better be careful.
&gt;&gt; No, it wasn't April 1st.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; The font blue.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
next sloop.
&gt;&gt; And the station is now open.
And you will notice some differences uh
between the Fontan Loop station and some
other current stations.
&gt;&gt; I do like the stations being
underground.
&gt;&gt; Is it on the third floor of a parking
garage?
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what it looks like.
&gt;&gt; Parking garage.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but I I think it's I think it's still
underground.
&gt;&gt; It is above ground.
&gt;&gt; Uh well, that one is, but the other one
didn't look like it. I had heard and I
don't know if this is true. I didn't
check it that they actually came through
the wall of the underground parking
garage.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; But I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I don't
&gt;&gt; You can definitely tell from the uh the
plumbing in the ceiling
&gt;&gt; that this is this is not your typical
station build from scratch. So, this is
definitely coming into a predetermined
structure, parking structure.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; it looks like it emerged in open air and
then drives into the parking structure
pick up and drop off. So it does come up
out of the tunnel. It appears like on
the outside of the font blue. And then
&gt;&gt; pause it. Get ready to pause it. Right.
&gt;&gt; Maybe
&gt;&gt; here. All right. So right here is where
Patrick and I are always telling you
guys why this thing makes more sense
than just put trains everywhere. Not
saying the trains are bad,
&gt;&gt; but watch this. You can't do this with a
train. If somebody's blocking you and
taking a long time to get into their car
or get a bag stuck in the door or it's a
safety event, push play. What happens?
&gt;&gt; You can't do that with a train.
&gt;&gt; Nope. Oh, car two is stuck. Well, just
have everything passed and just keep
going. No, that's not how that works.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And here we'll just
It's the tunnel coming out. So, you're
you're definitely coming out of the
tunnel. And this is the font blue. I can
tell from the uh blue glass on the
exterior.
&gt;&gt; So, it's definitely driving out in front
of it.
And then it looks like uh as Casey
mentioned that there is some sort of
entrance into this structure which is a
parking garage of some sort.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense to get you out of the
weather when you do the load and unload,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The heat, the cold, and the occasional
rain.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I'm more worried about the heat
and cold in Vegas than the rain. I did
have a flight that was severely messed
up because it snowed in Vegas and even
though it melts in like 3 hours, for 3
hours they're stopped. There's nothing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they don't exactly have a lot of
snow equipment. Huh.
&gt;&gt; They don't own a single piece. It clears
so quickly responsible.
&gt;&gt; We don't even have snow shovels in the
entire state.
&gt;&gt; No. I mean, you could have cleared it
with squeegeees, but
it's time consuming. And then at this
station, you've got um
look at that. You've got a tunnel
segment on display.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, you've got that just sitting there.
Um
and uh look at these structure supports.
These uh that looks like some really
beefy supports to hold up the parking
garage or the the hotel casino above it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Looks pretty quick proof there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It looks a little seismically
treated.
&gt;&gt; Is there seismic activity in the in that
far inland?
&gt;&gt; I mean, if you're going to have that
many people, don't you need to be
prepared for some level of it?
&gt;&gt; Well, there you certainly do for areas
that are prone to it.
&gt;&gt; I don't think that all
&gt;&gt; this isn't California.
Uh, you know, if if you're in a quaker
prone area, I think regulations are are
more beefy than they are in places that
are they don't
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can tell it's not springs and
floating tables and such, but like even
even when I was in Virginia and other
parts of the East Coast, they're still
certain affordance uh made for for
because while we have small ones, we
have them all year round.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; So, Uh again, Vegas Loop moving along.
Uh another station online and uh I'm
looking forward to uh as they expand
that that airport uh departure and
arrival section. Um we know that they
did get their taxi license that was
required by the airport. Uh but uh the
uh the discussion has been that
eventually uh they will build it
underground directly to the airport. But
right now, you've probably got a about
3/4 of a mile or so of surface street uh
connections to the boring tunnels that
are just outside the airport property.
But they indicate that they are they are
going to be digging and uh placing a new
station underneath the airport uh
infrastructure.
&gt;&gt; Excellent. Yeah, because I'd rather get
started now than than wait for the
purity of a tunnel coming. This is this
is an AI answer, so you know, take it
with a grain of salt. But, uh, it says
that there's absolutely earthquake
activity in Las Vegas. Nevada is the
third most seismically active state in
the US, trailing only Alaska and
California. Small micro quakes happen
regularly in the region, though most are
not felt by residents. And then it gives
a list of when things have happened.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm a little earthquake sensitive. When
I bought my uh first house, they uh
like, "Hey, do you want earthquake
insurance?" Like, "I don't need that."
And I was like, "Wait, don't don't don't
submit that answer yet." No one looked
it up and uh thing is on the site of a
of the the largest quake in the 1800s.
Billions of dollars in today's damage.
&gt;&gt; I think we just didn't know about it
because what happens in Vegas stays in.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what it was.
&gt;&gt; Of course,
they were reporting anything out just in
case they leak something they shouldn't.
Wow. Um,
we had another piece of information for
another uh Tesla related company and
that of course is SpaceX and Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Um,
we I think we've called it correct guys.
On previous shows, we've talked about
how Starlink
has been kind of pushing towards being
an overall cell cellular type provider
and it appears that uh they are going to
be bidding on some 5G bandwidth coming
up in the next uh FCC um I guess it's a
auction of uh of available uh slots for
cellular companies and uh they um have
not filled out the paperwork yet. Uh but
the uh the discussion is is that they
will be filling it out and they will be
bidding on some 5G spectrum uh at the
auction. And uh this is um this is again
kind of interesting as we've seen
Starlink progress from just uh doing the
uh quick communications in space for
internet being able to bounce it down to
moving trains or boats or planes or of
course uh individual residences. But um
they have been expanding as time goes
along. You'll remember that they changed
their satellites to enable them to laser
data back and forth between satellites.
&gt;&gt; Uh that was uh changed. Then they went
to version two of the satellites which
brought out uh faster connections and uh
allowed them to connect more people to
each individual satellite. And uh now it
appears that um we've heard about data
centers in space and uh this um this
auction coming up for 5G. It appears
that uh they're going to be bidding on
it and uh it's another another feather
in their cap as they they move towards
uh providing customers with absolutely
everything when it comes to
communication.
&gt;&gt; So is this in addition to the spectrum
they got from Dish and what they borrow
from T-Mobile?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is an addition to
Speaking of bandwidth, uh, somebody
here, um, was was commenting on Brian's
width.
&gt;&gt; I I know what you meant, Islander. But,
uh,
&gt;&gt; I'm still going to make the joke,
though.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I I will accept it.
Uh for those uh in the audience who
don't know, Lee Moon does the uh intro
music and both Casey and I got to meet
Lee Moon last week at the Chattanooga
charge
&gt;&gt; to determine that he is in fact real.
&gt;&gt; So now the only thing you guys have to
do is determine if Casey and I are real.
Uh we can vouch for each other, but that
doesn't mean anything. Bots vouch for
each other all the time. So I think and
I and I have met everyone here now. So
this is, you know,
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if the rest of you can say
that. Have you guys all met in person?
&gt;&gt; We have not met in person.
&gt;&gt; Aha.
&gt;&gt; I know you guys.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you are now one degrees of separated,
&gt;&gt; but I'm fairly confident at after 457
shows that these guys are real. So I
would I would say I'm fairly confident.
&gt;&gt; You're ruining my reputation for being
digital only.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah. Those guys are
totally real.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there's Lee Moon. He can vouch for
Casey and Brian being real as well.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; The answer is uh me and Patrick both.
&gt;&gt; Another We got all sorts of media to
show on this particular show. Uh but uh
there was a surprise appearance of
somebody that uh we know who it is. Um
it was a quick video shot in Time Square
that happened recently. And let's uh
let's just grab this little advert, I'd
call it.
And uh
we've got
&gt;&gt; I got paid for this advert.
&gt;&gt; Tesla Semi hanging out in Time Square.
And it's the classic the
&gt;&gt; V1.
&gt;&gt; Yep. You can tell because there's no
light bar.
&gt;&gt; Vertical instead of horizontal.
&gt;&gt; Now, that's what I wanted to question
you guys on this is is why do you think
um they would bring this to Times
Square? Is this just a a mobile ad to
let people know it exists and bring it
to a populous pa place where there's
lots of cameras and people taking
pictures and tourists? What do you
think?
&gt;&gt; I have no idea.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't make an ad with the old
article.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it makes sense because you
they've made changes and improvements.
So, the ones that they want to do heavy
road testing with and and give to
customers for beta and other things and
get road miles on are the the new ones.
But this one, what are you going to do
with it now? You've already learned what
you need to to make the next version. So
now this one can uh move to its
retirement job of just being a a
arm candy.
&gt;&gt; That's true. Most people won't even know
the difference,
&gt;&gt; right? Exactly. Yeah. It still raises
awareness. It still says, "Hey, these
are real." It it So that's that's what
it can do now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. uh that that
it's it's not going to be doing the
regular testing anymore because of
course they've moved on to version two
and version two parts and that's what
they're going to be concentrating on as
the roll out continues.
&gt;&gt; Couldn't they just tape on an LED strip
like a light body on frame? They could
they could they could mule it up and
&gt;&gt; they really could mule it if they
wanted. But I I would agree that they
don't have to. A headline's a headline
and a fleet carrier doesn't really care
as much what it looks like.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, unless it was somebody whining
about the windows because they did fix
those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it still looks cool.
&gt;&gt; It does look really cool. I would
suggest if Tesla is using this as arm
candy as Patrick mentioned is that uh
they get themselves a a box trailer, a
van trailer or a flatbed trailer and
they bring that along uh to add to the
advertisement. Put decals on the on the
box or the van and or the trailer uh
just to indicate its capabilities and
and what it's all about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Some people with t-shirt cannons out
there shooting.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I put both Roadsters, the Clay model and
Mods SNX on there.
&gt;&gt; And speaking of awareness,
&gt;&gt; advertise those.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, you're advertising an old
truck. Put them all on there.
&gt;&gt; Speaking of awareness, I thought we'd
just bring up the subject of uh of our
friend, Brian's friend, uh who uh is the
Tesla semi advocate. Not a semi-
advocate, but a Tesla semi- advocate.
And uh that that's Mr. Zangler uh from
uh Sparks, Nevada area uh who uh flies
drones um and updates the iOS uh
project as it continues along.
&gt;&gt; We got to show him some love. We got to
support him. He hasn't said it to me
directly, but I can tell he is getting
burnt out. You know, Dan Priestley won't
give him a ride in the semi. That's got
to be frustrating. And then you've got
all the, you know, the channel's just
really hard to grow. Um, I Mark and I do
our best to promote him. Uh, but he
needs more love. Just go subscribe,
watch a few videos, help him out on
Patreon if you can. He's a super great
guy. And when he's out there, he's happy
to chat with whoever shows up to to see
him fly. Uh, so uh I do ask that you not
talk to him while he's flying. I have
done that. It it he doesn't care for
that. It screws up the flight. So, my
apologies there.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. So, yeah, visit visit
Zangler's uh site, the Tesla Semi
advocate. You can find him that way on
YouTube and uh we'll even put a link in
the show notes so you can get there and
uh click on that.
&gt;&gt; Another piece of information, I think,
uh our own Mr. supercharger uh is aware
of uh this uh the Swiss Army knife of uh
of superchargers and uh the new ability
that they've added to their bag of
tricks when they're deploying uh
superchargers that have been uh I guess
uh pre-built and being shipped. And uh
Casey, what what's that about?
&gt;&gt; Well, before Casey goes, I'm just going
to tell you I asked Casey what it's even
called and he was very disrespectful to
me. Casey, what did you say?
&gt;&gt; It's called the FU supercharger.
&gt;&gt; Oh, come on.
&gt;&gt; Was for the f folding unit supercharger
because remember that all the
superchargers come from Giga U Buffalo,
which which means that they all of a
sudden get on a truck and now that they
come in a eight pack uh minimum, how are
you going to fit eight superchargers
preassembled
on a on a line? Well,
I was asking this several times and
Tesla's answer is right here. just
switchblade them fold them up like
airplane wings like on Navy and uh this
one is a little special than than that
it had that but they took one off of the
end there put a trash can in it place
and moved it over for the ADA spot there
but it doesn't have an ADA handle on it
which is interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is great.
&gt;&gt; We've got aution
&gt;&gt; we've got a close-up photo that we can
share of this new supercharger folding
ability.
&gt;&gt; Of the folding ability. Okay, let me
switch it here. And
&gt;&gt; you should be seeing that now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; there we go.
&gt;&gt; This is so what what was interesting
here is that um couple changes that I
noticed uh outside of the folding
ability because obviously the wiring is
already in or looks like it's already
been installed. There may be connections
after the fact still, but because there
are those two access panels at each end,
but uh the other thing I noticed is that
um those bases aren't concrete,
&gt;&gt; correct?
&gt;&gt; Which we have seen in the past, the
previous V3 installs, uh the bases were
concrete.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this looks like a rusty cage.
&gt;&gt; They have a company they work with uh
now that uh that speeds them up with
making the the foundations for these.
It's like a plastic. It allows you to
put in aggregate or or dirt or or
concrete uh more quickly on site than
having to um I mean not necessarily
concrete uh but you could do concrete
with it to to speed up the the uh
deployment to on-site. You just crane it
off and then plug it in. This one
um being the switchblade, the the
folding unit there, you can uh uh they
they did a nice job. They put it right
behind the curb. It didn't look like
they sunk it into the earth in any uh
capacity. And then they unbolt the one
on the end. They moved it. But uh they
don't always do that.
&gt;&gt; Uh the other cool thing about this is
you'll notice the handles are kind of
facing the uh well, not all of them on
the deployed unit, but on this one,
&gt;&gt; they alternate.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh so so when they fold it up, uh
you can have the the one you see most in
Florida where they're back to back.
&gt;&gt; Uh or you can have them all in a line uh
where they're all stretched out. And so
then at the folding point, they all face
each other, which is kind of
interesting. And then um the
cabinet and the and the uh utility
interface are uh more flexible this way
as well. They're not uh it was was less
flexible with a V3 because they were all
just on a bar and they kind of and
that's why I was confused when they said
that you know it's minimum eight now. I
was like how is that going to work?
They're already kind of unwieldy and
they had something up their sleeves. It
was cool to see. Mhm. And do you think
do you think that the um that they might
use concrete depending on what the setup
is at this location on on code and the
site and how much time they have. But um
uh with with this other um solution,
they don't need concrete um on the day,
which is fine. You fill it up at local
stuff. It's less emissions, less less
time waiting for concrete to cure
correctly.
Yeah. So depending on what they're what
they're doing at a particular site, they
may use concrete. Uh they may weld it in
place depending on what what footing
it's being set on.
&gt;&gt; Put in the parking garage and weld it to
the deck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And I've seen that in
parking garages where they're plastic
boxes with those uh those older um
second generation
uh what were they? 72 kilowatt uh
chargers for destination chargers type.
Little bit little bit more than a
destination charger obviously. But
&gt;&gt; yeah, urban supercharger.
&gt;&gt; Urban. That's right. That's right.
&gt;&gt; And they were they were linked to the
floor, but um with with plastic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is really cool because one of
the things that um makes this expensive
is building this out, right? Because uh
uh trenching all the that's the where
the real cost is if they can uh have
this. So they just put it there, unfold
it, um somehow secure it and move on to
the next one. That's why they can put
out worldwide infrastructure and not
because it's not a million dollars for
every site like some hydrogen station or
something
&gt;&gt; theations that they're doing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is this is awesome. I I've seen um
recently a solar system that accordionss
out and unfolds in a similar manner and
uh because if you build racking and have
to install every solar panel by hand,
that just takes a lot longer, which
drives up cost. And instead, if you can
just slide it out um and have a whole
canopy uh whether it's a covering a
parking uh uh spot or whatever. Um so
yeah, just being smart like this and and
continuing to innovate. That's what we
talk about Tesla's iteration every time,
right? So, they've uh figured out, oh,
let's pre-build uh units. Now, let's add
even more. Now, let's have them
connected already wired and just unfold
so that they're already connected so we
don't have to deal with the connections
when we get there. They just keep doing
smarter and smarter things to reduce
their costs without reducing the
customer experience. This is great.
Yeah, there was a V3 uh prefab that I
used on the Chattanooga trip twice that
um they
I mean it was exactly like I said, you
you cran it off and then put it in
place, but uh they they wanted eight
stalls there. So, there were two of them
and they were and 90 degrees to each
other. Uh and and so they would put
conduit over it so that people wouldn't
step on on stuff. And it was very
unwieldy. Like you had to step up over
it if you were going to not use the uh
tarmac. And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; this solves that. And in fact, uh you
you can just partially unfold it and
you've got the 90 degree in there as
well. So this is actually three. You've
got the the back to back, you got the
flat, and you've got the 90
&gt;&gt; and probably um maybe even a 45 or
something like at Mark's site with the
mixture of uh of uh destination chargers
and superchargers there.
&gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. Brian's on a tight
line. Uh I'm not sure if he has to go in
half a minute or so, but uh we want to
certainly thank Brian for joining us on
the marathon April 1st uh extravaganza
that he's been putting on. Almost like a
Jerry Lewis teleathon as Highland.
&gt;&gt; Very much so. Very much like a Jerry
Lewis teleathon uh except without any
money coming in. We'll find
&gt;&gt; $1 can keep this man online for a year
now.
&gt;&gt; I can't lie. I did expect bigger
numbers, but it is uh time for me to get
on with my day. I shall let you wind
down your stream if you want to take.
&gt;&gt; Very good. Thanks for joining, Brian.
Appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Uh so, uh guys,
&gt;&gt; all right. So, you know what that means?
That means it is the after show. We have
done it. We have survived. Uh if only I
had a special guest. You know what? I
think I'm going to go in order. uh when
they showed up. Uh I've got uh Josh West
in the house. How are you, my friend?
&gt;&gt; Good to see you, buddy. Good to see you.
&gt;&gt; I have to ask them because he's looking
like this.
&gt;&gt; Oh my.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Good call with the AirPods.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, what's uh how's your day
been? What's new?
&gt;&gt; Very good. Give me just one sec.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Check my audio here.
&gt;&gt; You can say hi.
Hi, Brian.
&gt;&gt; It's good to see you, my friend. How How
have you been?
&gt;&gt; It's so good to see you. You You have
got to have been doing this for what,
like an hour and a half at least by now,
right?
&gt;&gt; At least. It is over an hour and a half
now.
&gt;&gt; Man, you really
That's a lot.
&gt;&gt; With very few uh substantial uh hiccups.
So, that's cool.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's that is good. Uh, reminds me
of um, Artemis 2.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Amazing.
&gt;&gt; It's exciting. It's exciting. Make space
exciting again. Uh, Jim, the Iowa Tesla
guy, uh, in the house. How are you, Jim?
&gt;&gt; Doing well. Doing well. Congrats on your
all day marathon. You know, NASA
commemorated your day by launching a
rocket for you. That's awesome. Well, I
asked them to, but uh I didn't think
they were going to come through on it.
&gt;&gt; Timing was pretty good. Came through for
you.
&gt;&gt; Kelly Sloan is asking, "Where is Simon?"
He's right here.
&gt;&gt; Hey,
&gt;&gt; looking pretty disheveled, I have to
say, because it is very late here. 1:00
in the morning.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Yes, I'm sure you're tired.
That's the takeaway. Uh I did want to
say thank you for the super chat, Wiper
Blades USA. not just a viewer, not just
a a friend, but someone who uh came to
see me on stage when I was in 12 Angry
Jurors. Thank you so much for that. That
was a lot of fun. A Kelly Kelly's in the
house, of course.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Kelly.
&gt;&gt; Kelly,
&gt;&gt; this has been a long day. Uh but you
know there was that much news to cover
and unfortunately uh due to a
combination of technical uh glitches and
uh one guest had family things come up.
I've got more topics to cover that I
just haven't covered. But I'm good for
today.
Yeah. Today I think I can rest. Uh any
takeaways from uh I guess what lessons
have you learned from my mistake today?
&gt;&gt; You're a machine, man. I couldn't do
what you do.
&gt;&gt; Well, I did give myself a 10 to 14
minute break at the bottom of each hour
so that I could stretch and get
refreshments and have lunch and all
that. you like pack on the depends
during this marathon and just kind of,
you know, charge through.
&gt;&gt; It may surprise you to learn that most
humans don't require more than one
bathroom break in an hour. So, uh,
&gt;&gt; dropping monsters left and right, but
&gt;&gt; no, I had coffee this morning. That's
enough for me. Um, even uh if she wasn't
here, I would uh still pull this up. I'm
going to have to find it because I have
buried my tabs. I've got my desktop is
an absolute disaster here. Uh but uh
that's fine. Is it that one? Nope. Is it
that one? Yes, I've got uh to mention
it's not that one.
&gt;&gt; Brian, can I get a quick sound check?
Can you hear me? Okay,
&gt;&gt; I can hear you just fine. Too well.
&gt;&gt; I can't hear him at all.
&gt;&gt; Deeply disturbing. Um
he says that, but I don't know, man.
feel like he can. Uh I I would love to
remind everyone that we have got coming
up this summer a little event uh we like
to call the summer meetup and it looks
like that. So uh tickets on sale now,
Heritage Landing in uh Moskegan. We are
going to crush it as we do and uh Simon
will be our uh light show wizard.
Uh absolutely hoping
Because there ain't no light show like a
Simon light show.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's lots of light shows, but I
do like to make them.
&gt;&gt; This is an important moment for Simon to
speak up for an unapologetic plug,
right?
&gt;&gt; It's not unapologetic plug. I will
&gt;&gt; I will apologize. I'm sorry, but yes,
you need to come because I need as many
people to turn up as possible. This is
going to be personally,
I hope, the best light show that I've
done to date. I can never say the best
light show because there's other people
that do them, but certainly potentially
the best one that I've done. I've
already written the majority of it,
which Brian knows. What What kind of
draft should I say this one is, Brian?
But normally, I will get my light show
finished probably the morning of. Uh,
this one's already well into being made
and it is phenomenal. It is really good.
But I've got a personal challenge of
course because of course we've got two
big events going on the same day. We've
got uh Tesla takeover in Europe uh and
we have Michigan. So of course I had to
uh not get killed by Kelly. So of course
I'll be over in Michigan with you guys.
Um it does mean a bit of friendly
rivalry.
but I want to crush it. So, we're going
to do an incredible Tesla light show.
So, we need as many people there as
possible. That is a completely free part
of the event, but if you're going to be
there, then be there for the whole
thing.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, it's it's I'm really excited
about this one.
&gt;&gt; I'm excited, too. Show of hands, who has
been at the summer meetup before?
&gt;&gt; That's right, everybody. Everybody in
this chat.
&gt;&gt; All the cool kids.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Simon uh has only been once
because the previous year he came out
early to actually see the venue and
scope it out. And then I think
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you had a conflict on that
one. But
&gt;&gt; I had a car crash on the way as well
which was uh double effort. But um no, I
I was in Sweden. I had a a show in
Sweden. And normally what I wouldn't do
is two shows at the same time. Certainly
if I'm not going to be there and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. shows really can't be there at
both. But um this one I made an
exception because Kelly called and
asked, but I'd already committed.
&gt;&gt; And on this one, it's worth noting that
I will
&gt;&gt; the Austria show is a week later than
expected and the Moskegan show is a week
earlier than expected. It wasn't a
conflict, but it happens. It happens.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. It's it's um unfortunate. I
would have loved to do both, but um
yeah, Kelly's Kelly's number one. So,
&gt;&gt; Michigan is the club that gets my first
attention as well. Uh
&gt;&gt; always.
&gt;&gt; So, uh uh Josh, what's your newest
adventure? You've got the Adventure
Plaid out there looking so good. Uh what
are you up to now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so it's been uh it's been redubbed
the Rad Adventure Plaid by some folks in
the community. So, that was pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; I like that.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah, did a did a full face lift on
it. Full face replacement right back to
the frame. Um, what's interesting is I
really learned something doing that
project. I thought it was just a bumper
cover. But they re-engineered so much of
that car and then today they say
ordering's closed.
&gt;&gt; It's just unbelievable. No, really. like
like there are structural uh like they
would I mean crash test bars uh or sorry
crash impact bars I should say support
bars uh what they call the ankle catcher
which on my I had an early plaid or
platium uh redesign and that that entire
structure was built out of carbon fiber.
I of course smashed it to bits
off-roading it in Colorado and
Newfoundland and various places, but the
reality is is that they've changed it
now, made it much bigger, much more
heavy, and they've made it out of
extruded aluminum. Uh, so that's just
one example of the things that they've
redesigned and the architecture, and
that's just the front end of the car. I
did look at doing the rear. There's tons
of structure stuff back there, too. So,
uh, that on top of all of the other
upgrades they made, too. suspension and
the, you know, drivetrain and different
things like that, bushings and whatnot.
It's just kind of mindbending that they
would do all of that effort and then
just months later just, no, that's the
end. So, it kind of makes me think maybe
they weren't totally originally thinking
of axing that car as early as they did.
It's just a speculation, but anyway,
something that I learned. Um, as far as
something more recent, uh, spent the day
today with Dave Moss. David is uh just
recently posted on uh Tesla did a little
diddy on in their uh on their website a
video of him going across on FSD um
without uh taking it out of FSD. So uh
spent the day with him. He was here in
Austin and we were riding unsupervised.
So we did uh seven rides in a row. They
really stepped up the amount of
unsupervised uh availability within
their they have like a geoence within a
geoence within a geoence. It's like a
turducken of robo taxi geo fences. And
uh we learned today that they disabled
the ability to change your destination
when you're north of the river in
Austin, which is the new expanded
section of that unsupervised area. But
uh yeah, we were able to do some really
crazy things. Like I mean, if you saw my
first unsupervised video, I I probably
should have got banned for that one, but
I'm probably going to get banned for
this next one. So, we were jamming the
the the tripod into the pedals and oh my
gosh, we made the car lose its mind. Uh,
we were on the phone with Tesla Tesla
service probably four or five times at
least. Them calling us saying, "What the
freak are you doing?" And also us
calling them saying, "Hey, we're
sacked." So, it was
&gt;&gt; again, Josh West,
&gt;&gt; we know how to find trouble. We know how
to find trouble. One way or another,
it's either me and Justin launching uh
the car through the air on FSD or
I'm trying to get D actually it was on
Dave Moss's account. So that's the best
part is that anybody who's going to get
banned it would actually be him even
though it was me.
&gt;&gt; So it was a little under the bus
throwing situation. But
&gt;&gt; yeah, we learned a lot. We learned a
lot.
&gt;&gt; That's fun. That's wild. Hey Justin,
what kind of camera is that? It looks
fantastic. Is it your phone?
I had to turn
&gt;&gt; What type of potato is that?
&gt;&gt; I had to turn the blur on because my
children are in the back seat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but really does look good.
&gt;&gt; That's just
&gt;&gt; like a J C Penney photo shoot there.
&gt;&gt; He looks like a floating head or a
floating beard. More like
&gt;&gt; a a disembarded face.
&gt;&gt; Seen your photo.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah. Uh I have no idea what's going
on right now, but we are almost home.
were pulled in the driveway after
Artemis launch, which
&gt;&gt; that was so cool.
&gt;&gt; How was that to see it?
&gt;&gt; It's just I don't know if you grew up
like me and admired all this stuff and
like these are your heroes growing up
someday when you have children of your
own and you get to do this with them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's uh special. Very special.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, try living in the Northwest.
We don't get rockets. At least not
outbound ones yet. We'll find We'll see
how it goes. I
&gt;&gt; think there's a couple Tesla stores that
would disagree.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, well, that's what I mean. It's
not outbound rockets. So, uh guys, uh I
want to thank you for hanging out with
me. It has been eight hours and almost
three minutes. I think that's enough
live streaming for today. Uh if you're
if you're catching this on the replay,
why what are you doing? But great. uh
leave a message saying that because wow
uh you know and don't forget we do have
the summer meetup coming uh in June. I'm
gonna be at the uh Tesla diner on April
18th. Uh that Tesla Club LA Tesla Club.
I'm not sure. I don't know. I've got it
here somewhere. But it is uh an event
you on sale now.
&gt;&gt; And April 26th, 28th, Justin's being
crazy. Uh there will be an Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association meeting,
oeva.org.
I'm too tired to bother showing them
because I am simply out of energy. So
guys, uh thank you. I appreciate you all
my friends. I'm glad you're here. And
everybody else, you know, uh, like,
subscribe, follow these guests, all my
guests, do it. You know what you're
doing. And everybody else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you. Clever robots on the flippity
flop.
&gt;&gt; See you in Michigan.
See you, Brian. Love you, man. See you
guys. P.