Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Tesla Has Suddenly Gone Silent About Optimus
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRQLsER4xh0
Published:   2026-06-20 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-20 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Optimus, it's exciting, but where is it
and what can we expect? The pilot line
appears to be tooling up in Fremont, and
the large-scale factory is under
construction in Austin. So, why haven't
we seen anything? Well, there's a bunch
of obstacles between the design itself,
the brain, and of course, the
manufacturing. We're going to get into
all of that. When I say we, I mean I got
Dr. Knowit all joining me. It's going to
be a whole lot of fun. Let's get into
it. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
John, so good to see you. Thank you for
joining us out in Moskegan.
&gt;&gt; Actually, I I'm I'm carrying my This is
from 2025, but I got my my Moskegan cup
there. So, yeah, I brought it along.
&gt;&gt; Going to be, you know, those events are
a lot of fun. If you guys aren't coming
out to all the different takeovers and
meetups and whatnot, you're missing out.
Uh we had a fantastic meet and greet
that also went really well. Hey, if you
guys don't know, Dr. to know it all. Uh
has a YouTube channel. He is so close to
100,000. Head over there and subscribe.
Would you
&gt;&gt; Once you get over the hump, then we can
focus on me. And if you're not there for
the science, come for the heading
because what we've got here is a
luchador peak glasses weighing against
I'm assuming smarts. And I believe this
is an avocado wearing a thong, which
will go down in the history of
&gt;&gt; It's actually a pair wearing a thong,
but anyway. And there's also there's
also the Romulan spaceship over there,
too. So is that that's what that little
thing is in the edge. Yep. So
&gt;&gt; I couldn't tell. So that's, you know,
exciting. And if you're not a big fan of
the YouTubes, how'd you find this video?
But you can find him on X as well. Dr.
Knowit All 16.
I'm guessing the year that you started
the channel.
&gt;&gt; No, no, I don't know. It's just what it
suggested to me. I tried Dr. Know-it-O
and it was like, you can't have it. And
so it gave me I couldn't have it. I
could not have it.
&gt;&gt; So what are the obstacles, man? What are
we what are we waiting for?
&gt;&gt; Gosh, I I I think we have we have to
separate it into two things. First is
the the category of humanoid robot and
second is Tesla specifically. So the
category of humanoid robot the the major
problems are honestly we can go all the
way back to raw materials. Um, we have a
uh a problem with just getting the raw
materials in the quantities we need to
build the actuators, to build the
batteries, to build the motors, all of
that kind of stuff is a major problem.
Um, and then of course there is the the
brains, the intelligence of these robots
that is still an ongoing process,
although obviously companies are making
great strides in terms of um getting
better and better at that. And uh then
in terms of Tesla, Tesla's interesting.
So, so it it I'm sure most people who
are paying attention to this space have
been thinking to themselves, gee whiz,
we haven't seen a lot from Tesla
recently. Um, in fact, hardly at all.
Uh, and and the time I actually expected
to to hear something from them was when
Figure did that. It was supposed to be
an eight hour shift. It ended up being
what was it like seven days? I think 200
hours or something like that they they
just rolled on and just had their bots
like sorting stuff. very sisophian task
because what it does in the background
is it just looped back around again and
came back. So they could never sort it
all. I know. So anyway, but um but you
know but but anyway I thought for sure
that we were going to see something uh
from Optimus as a because that was kind
of a gauntlet being thrown down.
Unfortunately that didn't happen. So we
are a little bit in the dark. I will
therefore have to speculate and
obviously people understand this is
speculation but my assumption is that
the major problem as with most humanoid
robot companies is this guy right here,
the hand. Um, Tesla has been working on
that. Figures been working on that.
Electronics been working on that.
Agility Robotics has kind of avoided
that by just having little stub
thingies. Uh, the Chinese uh bot
companies have uh to some extent avoided
that, although they're starting to deal
with the hand, but you know, they do
really cool stuff, martial arts, jumping
around, kicking, punching, all that kind
of stuff. but they tend not to have very
uh very dextrous hands at this point. So
that seems to be the big sticking point
I guess both industrially at the
industry as a as a whole and also Tesla
specifically is is this guy. And if for
anybody who's like why does that matter?
Well, what do you care about? Like if
you want a robot to help you, it's
pretty much got to have hands, you know?
Whether it's trying to pick up a cup or
whether it's trying to pick up a pen or
whether it's trying to take a
wheelbarrow and wheel it, you know, put
mulch out or something, you know,
whatever it is, doesn't really matter
what it's doing. It's going to have to
have hands to do that. And at this
point, the the fascinating part about
this is nobody knows what the right
answer is. Do you put tendons in the
arms? Do you put little teeny mini
actuators in all of the knuckles,
joints, and things like that? Uh, is it
a combination of both of those? Is it
something we haven't even thought of? Do
you make something that doesn't even
look like a human arm anymore, but just
functionally works like that? 5 years
from now, we're probably going to look
back and go like, well, duh. The answer
was clearly this. But we don't know what
that answer is yet. And that's the
problem. And if you look at the history
of automobiles, the same thing happened.
In the early days, everyone thought, I I
don't know what kind of controls are we
doing, tillers, are we doing right and
and it was a a serious learning curve to
switch from one car to another because
nothing had been standardized. Um there
are a lot of tricks with it. I said to
the to my boys just a couple days ago,
&gt;&gt; unites robot, you can get it for
20,000ish. Y
&gt;&gt; if if someone gave you one for free,
what would you even do with it?
&gt;&gt; What use? I'll tell you, Unitry has a
very useful robot. I've seen it in use
&gt;&gt; performing the job of bring people to
the booth.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; It works very well for that. And 20
grand, that's nothing. That's a great
deal. And it's effective. It brings
people to your booth, but it doesn't
have dexterity. That's not what it does.
Um, it has a cool factor. I guess that's
not that's not sufficiently useful. No,
in any industry I'm, you know, aware of
really.
&gt;&gt; Well, even even the marketing aspect,
it's great today, but tomorrow when
there's three or four other competitors
out there, then what does it have? It's
not going to bring people to the booth
in a couple of years, right? It does
that now, which is great. I I I'm not
knocking that at all. Fantastic. Good
for them. But it's not going to do that
in a couple of years. And so then what?
What does it do then?
&gt;&gt; Right. So on the design, I think it's
fair to say we have as close to design
lock as Tesla gets because they are
&gt;&gt; tooling up in Fremont. We know that now,
right?
&gt;&gt; And they're under construction of the
mega factory in uh in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Huge facility. Now, of course, the
product is small enough that you could
reconfigure the line a bit as needed to,
you know, adjust for even significant
changes,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Does that mean we uh and the fact that
we haven't seen anything to me is no
news?
&gt;&gt; I'm seeing people saying it's so far
behind this demo that I just saw
yesterday. Right. That's that company's
circa yesterday and we're seeing Optimus
circa
&gt;&gt; October of 24.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh right. I mean, it's it's really
quite a while ago now. It's a year and a
half, more or less that that we haven't
seen anything. Now, Elon has said a
couple of different times that that
every time Tesla puts something out,
people just, you know, they get the
photocopers running and and they
immediately Yeah, exactly. And and that
is not unreasonable, but the the fact of
the matter is at this point a lot of
other companies have put out demos that
other people are now looking at frame by
frame. So
yes, you can argue that to some extent,
but I don't think that that's the whole
story at this point. I I think that if
they had something amazing to show Well,
I don't know. If they had something
amazing to show that was done, they
would show it to us. I think it is still
in process. Now, as far as the line is
concerned, that is probably the biggest
positive sign because if they didn't
have something to build, they're not
going to stop producing the Model S and
Model X, right? they they would be like,
"Oh, no. We're just going to keep making
those." And that and that's effectively
what they did. I mean, and that's it.
&gt;&gt; It it doesn't really have a lot of
economic impact, but I a lot of people
that I've talked to, it has an emotional
impact because they're like, "Oh, the S
in particular was the OG, you know, that
was the car. That was what started Tesla
down this road." And and so there's an
emotional aspect to killing that
production line. And so, you know, so I
don't think Tesla did that without
thinking about it. They they they knew
what they were doing. they had to be
considering that and considering that it
was a significant undertaking and a
significant change in direction. So I
think that that's the most positive sign
I've seen. And the other thing is that
I'm sure that they have gone through
several iterations particularly of the
hand design because even Elon said was
it about a month ago I think that a
couple of patents came out for the Tesla
hand and Elon immediately responded to
that and said like yep that didn't work.
So, you know, so they have patents, but
the patents are are behind because it
takes a while for them to be approved
and everything. So, so they already know
that that didn't work. They're already
working on whatever generation four or
five of the hand. They just have gotten
a little quieter about it because people
I think they just got concerned that too
many people were just like copying what
they were doing.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. What we saw with all of
those big days and you were at the
second one. I think
&gt;&gt; I was at the autonomy day thing which
was primarily the cyber cab but also had
the robot hand. It did have attendant
hand. So yeah
&gt;&gt; what we've seen at those is they're
saying this isn't a product demo. This
is a recruitment demo. We want to we
want you to get excited and join us.
What this tells me is they have uh
enough of the right people and that they
have enough uh reputation already that
people will want to join them.
&gt;&gt; And that makes sense to me. Tesla has a
history of telling but not showing. I am
happy to for the next vehicle Tesla
releases, I am happy for them to say and
here's the first hundred, let's go,
right?
&gt;&gt; Uh instead of next year, maybe maybe 15
years from now.
&gt;&gt; Uh so
&gt;&gt; they may have learned a little bit with
the Cybertruck. They may have been you
know cuz what was that five and a half
years something? Maybe six years.
&gt;&gt; It wasn't quite that bad. It was 2019.
December of 2019.
&gt;&gt; December of 202 end of 23.
&gt;&gt; 23. All right. So, all right. So, was it
24? Gosh, I I the time the delivery
deliveries began in in volume in 24. So,
it was the end of 23. It wasn't as bad
as we remember, Roadster, but there are
&gt;&gt; there are worst cases. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We're coming up on a 10-year
anniversary.
So, I hope you didn't put the entire
reservation down there. But yeah, let's
I am happy to wait and see.
&gt;&gt; If you're looking for We're looking for
fire, but what we're seeing is an awful
lot of smoke. You do not build a
facility of that size for fun. What we
may end up seeing is a real cash crunch
over the short term where the financials
look pretty bad because we've got all
those robo taxis being built, all those
cyber cabs being built, but they're not
generating revenue and they will not be
delivered. Uh and the same with uh the
buildout of Colossus uh cortex one and
two, the same with uh you know a lot of
the things that are underway. So if
you're looking for short-term excitement
in the financials,
maybe maybe don't maybe don't look too
close.
&gt;&gt; Let's let's talk about the brain. You
mentioned that that is the missing
element in a unit tree. That's the
missing element in Boston Dynamics. You
can buy the robot dog spot. It's very
useful
&gt;&gt; if you have the correct software
engineers to make it useful.
&gt;&gt; If you don't, it's just an expensive
paper weight.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Tell me about the brain in Optimus and
what we know. Well, the the big the big
thing with Optimus is that um that Tesla
is going a different direction than
basically everybody else because
everybody else is using Jets and Thor,
which is Nvidia's um you know CPU or PCB
with a CPU and all GPU and all that kind
of stuff on it. And they've just
standardized on that. Good for Nvidia
because that means that they're building
the the pickaxes and the shovels for for
the robotics revolution. But Tesla, of
course, they started earlier than Nvidia
did, and they are all committed to their
AI hardware. And so, of course, for
people who know, if you're driving a
Tesla, at least a new one, you're using
what's called AI4 or used to be called
hardware 4. And the new version AI5 or
hardware 5 is designed actually it
sounds like we may not even get it in
cars relatively soon because it's really
much more designed for Optimus for um
for the advanced humanoid robot type of
thing. And I think the reason why is
Elon's basically said low card or AI4 is
pretty much good enough to drive on the
roads already. Now will robo taxis
eventually get them? probably because
that extra nine that they can get by
having the better hardware then sure but
I don't think that's an immediate
concern because it seems like things are
working just fine with AI4 for that type
of robot which is the driving kind but
for a humanoid robot you have to sense a
much more complicated world and very
very importantly you have to interact
with that world so a car is designed to
not interact with the world aside from
your tires touching the ground you don't
want it to touch anything else right
it's it's very very um just like stay
away from everything, drive down the
middle of the road, that kind of a
thing. And and so you could imagine that
the intelligence level for that might
be, you know, something below what the
maximum intelligence level is that's
needed for a humanoid robot that has to
walk, has to balance, has to interact
with the world, has to pick things up,
has to understand a a huge amount more
stuff than a car does, right? car has to
read like a speed limit sign or
something, but a robot has to be able to
read like just looking around here, the
amount of stuff that's in my field of
view just looking here, you know, back
behind me. Uh it it's crazy the amount
of things that it has to understand and
interact with. And that's why this AI5
and then eventually AI6 hardware is
going to be critical for the the
humanoid form factor. Um, but that's
that's Tesla's biggest bet is that I
also of course they have software that's
built to go directly with that. The
neural networks and all the work that
they're doing is specifically for their
AI hardware. Um, and again that's the
difference between them and the rest of
the industry because everybody else is
using Nvidia's hardware.
&gt;&gt; So I think you said something
interesting there which is that of
course I understand that a car exists
essentially on one plane and is just
playing keep away,
&gt;&gt; right? Uh, of course I understand that
hands are more complicated, but in my
head I was thinking, well, I get it.
What you're saying is the difference
between the car and the robot is imagine
if the only purpose of Optimus was to uh
be have some given a backpack and told
please deliver this across town without
bumping into anyone. And you'd say, "Oh,
that's that's comparable in complexity."
It's not because of all the walking, the
actual mobility, the balance, the
stepping off of curbs. Those are things
that hardware for, AI4 doesn't have to
do.
&gt;&gt; Well, walking up the steps to somebody's
front door, you know, all of that kind
of stuff. Like, it's way more
complicated than a car. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's It's easier to uh dodge a dog and
stop moving, but you can't do that in
the middle of a crosswalk, right?
&gt;&gt; You have to come up with an additional
plan, right? Uh yeah. So, uh without
dragging this out for days, which I'd
love to do because we both could do
that. I'm going to ask you in
conclusion. Uh this is the big question
I have.
&gt;&gt; Industrial robots have lockout zones.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Is is Optimus going to have in the early
days those kinds of safety
considerations working elbowto elbow
with a a full meat uh humanoid? I boy
that is a really good question. I I
think the goal for not just Tesla but
everybody is to build them so that you
don't have to have that. Will that be
the first versions of them? Probably
not. I don't know if you've seen there
have been a few examples from China
recently that show the robot like it's
doing fine and then all of a sudden it
kicks somebody or it just has a complete
spaz out and and flails around and you
just can't. In China maybe you can get
away with that. It seems like their
consumer protection laws are like, "Oh,
well, but in the US that's a lawsuit
right there, you know, right? If
something kicks somebody in the face or
something like that, that that that's a
lawsuit." So, I I think at the
beginning,
&gt;&gt; uh I think that Tesla is probably going
to take some measure, maybe not a full
cage or something, but some sort of
thing where maybe the robot itself will
not function if you're within three feet
of it or right, you know, it'll it'll
look around and be like, "Oh, that
person's too close to me, so I'm gonna
stop and just wait." So it might be kind
of a soft um cage like that, not a
virtual cage, virtual safety car,
&gt;&gt; an invisible hula hoop.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Right. And so if you get
within with what's that called? The
Germans call it the lift cougle. If you
get within somebody's lift kougal, you
know, it's like it's like nope, I'm not
going to work anymore. I will just wait
for you.
That's fun. So that's the question. So
my question for everyone in the comments
is a the first question, are you
subscribed to Dr. Knowit All? You need
to be. and B, uh, if these robots were
trained on you, would they punch a
child? That's my question. So guys, in
the comments, the answer is no.
&gt;&gt; We'll find out, John. We got to find out
what kind of viewers we have here. Uh,
guys, what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. Enter them in
the comments below. And everyone else,
like, subscribe, and stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots on the flippity flop.