Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Will DOMINATE AI With Its NEW MOVE
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLWc_XXhboI
Published:   2026-10-10 15:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-10 23:01 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you haven't heard of Grockot, you
probably live behind the moon. There is
a revolution going on, the next stage of
the agentic revolution. And Grockbot
leads the charge together with of course
Meta Muse. That is the fastest growing
application in the history of humanity.
That is Metam Muse. But Grockbot came
from a much more challenging position
because it was a no one. Whereas Metam
Muse is sitting on top of the entire
Meta universe of three billion users,
Grockbot charged ahead to the number one
spot and maybe now number two behind
Muse. And there are huge things
happening. And today we have to talk
about something very important for the
Musk universe and for SpaceX AI or
SpaceX SI as it's probably called very
soon.
What is happening there and why would we
care from a stock perspective but also
from a user perspective? Let's start
with a user perspective. Elon Musk said
something incredibly important the other
day, October 7th. He said a very small
post here on X that is a potential not
just potential very likely guaranteed
gamecher
not just for how good these systems are
and how good Grockbot is, but how the
entire age of AGI is going to unfold
before our eyes. And if you think I'm
exaggerating, wait a second and you will
see why I am not exaggerating. So Elon
said, "An important note regarding
Grockbot.
Going forward, SpaceX will use the best
backend model for any given task,
including Claude, Opus 5.5,
Midjourney, SUNO, and other leading
APIs, whatever is most likely to give
you the best outcome." Now, why is that
so so transformational? Well, we have to
read a comment from Joe Bakdy on it. I
will explain exactly why and I give you
the full breakdown right now with that
post and I will explain what I meant
with this in case it's not totally
clear. Elon Musk just said something
that reveals the future of Agentic AI.
Grockbot will now use any model that
meets your task best on the back end of
Grockbot including competitors of Grock
like Claude. So you have to understand
Grockbot is the harness. It is the
application you download on your
desktop. You create a set of agents.
It's very easy. If you don't have it,
you should do it. And you can give
everyone can do it. You can give them
little tasks and you create little bots
that work for you and that can be
specialized for whatever you want for
your emails, for booking your stuff, for
being your chief of staff, very easy to
use. And it gets access to your computer
and can do whatever you allow it to do.
It can do your emails, it can respond to
your emails, it can go into your
calendar, it can structure your
documents, it can look through your tax
returns, it can even do your tax
returns, it can do anything a human can
do on your computer. So that is Grockbot
not to confuse not to be confused with
Grock. Grock is the model behind it up
to now. And Grock is a model like Claude
Opus like chat GPT like Google Gemini.
It is an LLM. So these are two different
things. But so far Grockbot used Grock
the model to do it. But now it will use
any model that meets your task best
except for CHPD. I assume and Gemini,
but a whole range of other models that
are originally competitive with Grock.
So that is very important because it
means in Elon's mind something
disconnected.
Hey, to make videos like this is a lot
of work. So if you enjoy it and get some
value out of it, please subscribe to the
channel. It helps me to grow it and
bring this content to more people. Thank
you so much. Let's get back to the
video. Grock and Grockbot are now two
different things with two different
tasks. What are these tasks? Let me tell
you what I think. This is not just
amazing for users because now you can
get always the best model and Grock will
just coordinate between these models
deciding on the task you give it. If you
want to generate images, it's going to
use for example midjourney. If you have
complex intelligence requirements, it
uses Opus 5.5. If you want to just get
stuff done, it uses Grock and so on and
so forth. But this is not just amazing
for users. It also hints at the deeper
strategy of Space X SI, the new name
Super Intelligence. By the way, Elon
said he's going to rename the company to
SpaceXs SI because of Trump super
intelligence with the Now let me explain
with a Star Mine satellite projected by
Pioneer Lands that is us to become the
dominant source of all global compute
and crossing the gigawatt in orbit
threshold as early as 2030.
SpaceX AAI will become the partner and
compute backend of everybody. Let me
explain this. So SpaceX is now in a pole
position to actually provide all the
compute all the compute on Earth
ironically from space because in the
2030s starting in 2031 where it crosses
the first gigawatt in orbit and then
goes very quickly up to hundreds of
gigawatts in orbit. It can develop the
entire compute infrastructure for Earth
up in space. And because the economics
are so much better in space as we
outline in a lot of videos, they will
have a monopoly, a quasi monopoly,
monopoly on compute, which is crazy.
Okay, Grock, Grock with that becomes
competitive with SpaceX's clients. It is
a stack. You have compute at the bottom
and then you have the models in the
middle and then you have Grockbot and
Codeex and all these agendic systems on
top. the systems that bring intelligence
to people. You're using Grockbot and the
other systems, the harnesses, whatever
you call it, the agentic systems on your
computer to actually get access to the
intelligence. Then the intelligence
layer are all the models and then the
compute layers feeds all the models. So
you have compute, you have models, you
have aentic systems that is a sandwich.
In the middle of the sandwich are the
models. It is anthropic. It is chat GDP
GPT. It is Gemini and it is also Grock.
But what is on top of the sandwich?
Grockbot.
What is the bottom of the sandwich?
Space XAI orbital compute. Now this is
why this is so important. Now Elon faced
a strategic decision. I'm competing on
all three layers, but I can't win all
three layers because I'm undermining my
own market. Grock is very small compared
to meta, compared to claude, compared to
JBT. Grock is marginal
just on a factual basis. It is marginal.
The others have hundreds of millions
more users if not billions. Now with
Muse, it is very hard for Grock to
compete. But on the compute layer, there
is no real competition. SpaceX cornered
the entire market. They will own all
compute. And if you don't see it yet,
you will see that my prediction there is
correct in the 2030s and everyone kind
of understands it more and more. On the
upper layer of the sandwich, Grockbot is
a s shocking surprising success.
Grockbot together with Metamuse are the
two leading agentic systems at this
point. We don't know the numbers, but I
can tell you I'm triangulating this, we
will know it will leak, it will come out
in the next months or quarters that
Grockpot is absolutely killing it.
There's another email from Elon that we
can check out where he absolutely
uh says Grockbot is killing it. Very
unusual language by Elon and that is
confirming that they are absolutely
winning. So we know that Elon is
absolutely winning on the top layer of
the sandwich and the bottom layer of the
sandwich, but he's a little bit losing
or not totally winning in the middle
layer of the sandwich. And now he's
opening the middle layer of the sandwich
to everyone by saying Grockbot can now
use all of these models which now of
course boosts Grockbot. It boosts
Grockbot tremendously. So Grock that
becomes competitive with SpaceX clients.
Not a great situation. Grockbot
represents the layer above the models.
It's the first access point for humans
to access AI. While Grock is not a
leading player right now. Anthropic and
others have higher intelligence. My
suspicion is that Grockbot is on the way
to market leadership. Curser already is
in many respects. Don't forget Grockot
is developed by Curser. Cursor was
bought by SpaceX. And don't forget
Curser had the biggest install base of
all AI systems in the world in
enterprise. Some people forget it.
cursor was bigger than Anthropic and
CHPT and probably still is in enterprise
coding. And that means Elon can sandwich
the AI play. Own the compute layer at
the bottom and own the entry point at
the top with Grockbot by not competing
in the middle layer but embracing the
middle layer in its entirety by making
the middle layer accessible for from
Grockot for across all his competitors.
SpaceXI actually cements its leadership
on the top and bottom of the sandwich.
Let that sink in.
It makes grobbot more powerful if it
allows also models that are non- Grock
that are much better than Grock in
certain respects. Image and so on and so
forth. Claude, it also so it improves
the market leadership position Grockport
is more and more in by simply allowing
Grockot to grab the best models in the
world and combining them. But it doesn't
hurt Grock too much or SpaceX AI because
at the same time it is also helpful for
people like Enthropic and so on and so
forth because they're getting more usage
and API revenue which is good for SpaceX
at the bottom layer because Enthropic is
one of the most important clients for
SpaceX AI compute. So you understand
where this is going. It's an ingenious
play. This this makes Elon such a little
business genius and business at is at
the core of everything. Economics is his
true and hidden superpower.
Elon understands strategy and economics
better than anyone else. That is why all
his stuff works. In the end, it's about
money and it's about strategic
decisions.
And with that decision, again, Elon
shows that he's on top of the game. He
understands earlier than anyone else
what is going on. I'm not saying this
because I'm a fanboy. I'm saying it
because it is true and it informs our
decisions to invest in Elon's companies,
especially in SpaceX. So with this move,
it's a seismic shocking shift in the AI
space. It shows the ambition of SpaceX
to own the entire AI sandwich, the
entire compute infrastructure and the
entire access now to enterprise and to
people. And I think with this move, they
cornered the market. They sandwiched the
market and can now allow all the models
in the middle to become as good as they
want because they depend on his compute.
But also on the other side, they will
depend on his access on the customers.
Beautiful. Tremendous. If I was
Anthropic, I would be concerned because
Enthropic is getting outmaneuvered
on market access right now. And I think
Elon's plan is he wants to corner
Enthropic and make them a little lab
that develops intelligence components
that are being plugged into the mega
structure.
There you have it. That is, I think,
what's going on. Very important
development. We have to watch this to
predict the age of AGI and the future.
That's what we are doing in
Pioneerlands. Go to pioneerlands.org.
There is where you see all the
interesting things. You see that we're
always tracking in Pioneerlands. Of
course, the next unlock of SpaceX
predicted this very nicely. SpaceX
stock. You see here, for example, our
trackers, the Cyber Cap tracker 71. Very
nice. And you see here share unlock
watch for SpaceX. You see when new
shares enter the market and the share
drops a little bit, you have a pioneer
briefing all the time. Here we talk
about can OpenAI outgrow its cash point
or will it go under? This is another
video coming out that will discuss in
what situation
OpenAI is right now not the greatest
situation and what they need to do to
survive all of that in Pioneer Lands. So
join us there for now. Let's wrap it up.
You know Grockbot is coming. It's a very
big deal and Elon made the right move. I
hope this was interesting and see you
very soon.