Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       SHOCKING EU Vote BREAKS The Firewall To German AfD
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ul45FAPnZzQ
Published:   2026-06-24 15:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-24 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You probably have heard about Europe.
You probably know that Europe is not
known for having a parliament in the EU
that represents the will of the people,
especially when it comes to one big
topic.
The big topic is migration.
We know that Europe was haunted by a
massive influx of migrants that shifted,
and we'll look at some numbers, that
massively shifted the democra-
demographic makeup of the continent, and
that the vast majority of Europeans are
absolutely against that. 60 to 70%
across most countries in Europe, mostly
large countries in Europe, are against
this level of migration, but the
politicians seem to absolutely ignore
their own populations and seem to be
intended to replace them.
At least they don't do anything to stop
it, and the replacement is a fact. It's
a statistical fact at massive
proportions, as we will see later with
some statistics I'm going to show you.
But the reason I made this video is
because something weird happened.
Something unexpected happened that we
saw on X and all over the place, not so
much in the mainstream media, of course,
but on X, this is the European
Parliament after a vote
that cracks down on the ridiculous
problems of deportations in the EU
and in EU countries, where it's
basically impossible to deport people
for all kinds of stupid reasons, and
they introduced a new bill here in the
European Parliament that allows
deportations to be on par with normal
countries all over the world. So, we can
deport people and that don't belong
here, that failed in their asylum
claims, and it has to do with third
third party, third country safe spaces.
If their country doesn't want to take
them back, if you want to deport someone
to Syria and Syria says, "No, we don't
want them cuz they're criminals or
something," then you can't deport them
right now. So, here they introduce all
kinds of measures to make that happen.
Pretty common sense stuff, but here's
the surprising thing. Watch what
happened after the vote in the heart of
Brussels in the European Parliament.
&gt;&gt; [applause]
&gt;&gt; So, this is
It's the right
wing of the European Parliament.
They just won the vote.
So, maybe you have heard that. They are
shouting in the Parliament. This entire
wing, the right half of the Parliament,
sent them back.
Chanting send them back in the European
Parliament, which shows you a little bit
the level of anger and resentment at
that point against being replaced,
against this massive demographic shift
that's happening in the European Union.
But, the I mean, that is old news that
this anger exists. The new news is that
this happens in Parliament.
And that was for me very unexpected and
for many people very unexpected that
this is actually happening.
Um
you know, you have all this There There
are endless amounts of statistics. I
don't want to bore you with all these
statistics, but you know, uh that is the
reason people are so angry besides the
mass replacement that we'll look at in a
second is also the ridiculous levels of
crime rates, right? You see here 14 to
17, 18 to 20 up
starting at 21 different age groups and
the statistics, how many crimes,
violent crimes for males by age and by
background. And this is
This is basically official FBI statistic
or the German FBI statistic.
So, you see the problem, right? So,
Germans 14 to 17,
1,100,000
are suspected
as suspects of a violent crime. Syrians
7 and 1/2 thousand, 7% of all
in being investigated for violent
crimes. Iraq 5.5%
Afghanistan
5% and you see it here. And over 21, you
see Germans basically like disappearing
as a as a group and then these people
still at you know, 1.82%.
So, you can imagine what happens. And by
the way, these
what's called German here, I mean, if
you look deeper into what German means,
how many have weird non-German first
names who are Germans here, you can cut
this in half again if you look at
actually native Germans. So,
Everyone knows the problem. I don't have
elaborate on that. But what is happening
here? Why is that suddenly happening in
Europe? That is the big question and it
breaks with all the perceptions people
have of Europe as this lost continent
where they're just you know, giving into
their own demise and no one is doing
anything about it.
If you look at
the results, also very interesting, you
see the Europeans people party. So, you
have to understand in Europe all these
local parties, the CDU, the AFD and all
these national parties
kind of being summarized into blocks
on a European level so you can have
basically unified names for these
different
uh for these different types of parties.
The European People's Party, that is
kind of a
watered-down conservative wing party, so
not the new right.
Uh these are
uh
Here the European cons- the Patriots for
Europe, that's the new right. European
Conservatives and Reformists
uh and the Europeans People's Party. So,
basically the European Conservatives and
Reformists are a little more right. The
Patriots for Europe are the new right,
including the AfD. And the European
People's Party are like the washed-down
conservatives.
Okay? So, you see that these three more
conser- like here here are the
uh the center of the conservatives. The
this is the new right. And these are the
watered-down new medium-right people.
They all voted for nearly 100%.
Interestingly enough, even the Social
Democrat block voted
uh
a little bit for it. Of course, most of
them against, but surprising levels of
uh ab- uh abstaining from the vote and
some for the vote, which is unexpected.
Renew Europe Europe, they're like in the
middle of it. Uh the Greens, even the
Greens, let that sink in. Even the
Greens had some people voting for this.
And non-attached members, look at this.
And Europe of Sovereign Nations. Uh oh,
by the way, the Patriots for Europe and
the Europe of Sovereign Nations, I
always confuse these people. They got
into a fight. This is like the new
right, and they got into a fight where
some wanted this and some wanted that. I
don't even know. Doesn't matter. So, the
non-attached members, same thing. They
did say like we are kind of
non-attached. We don't like any of these
people. Uh even them voted mostly for
it. So, it was an overwhelming victory.
Uh it's not going to change the entire
trajectory. This is not a remigration
vote. It's just basic common sense of
cracking down on deportations and
getting the people out who are already
going through the entire process of
being rejected but not leaving.
And I think that is, of course, a big
big deal and progress we made here.
So, let's go to the statistics to
understand what's actually happening in
Europe, why this is so bad. Here's the
crisis.
It was called a far-right conspiracy
theory while it was happening. Now that
it has happened to large extent, no one
is contesting it anymore. Now everyone's
like, "Oh, the replacement theory."
You probably remember in the early
2000s, some people said there's a plot
or there's mechanisms in place
to replace [clears throat]
the European people in their own
country. And everyone was like, "Oh,
right-wing extremism,
conspiracy theory." Well, guess what
happened?
Replacement of European people in their
own countries on a massive scale that is
historically unprecedented in the
history of humanity.
And it's in the middle of being still
ongoing
and not getting better at all.
Look at Germany.
How many people had a foreign
background? 12 to 15% in 2000. In 2025,
26%. So, you doubled
the number of people with a foreign
background in your own country to now
nearly 30%. You replaced
You replaced
30% [snorts]
of your entire population.
To give you an example how bad that is,
the worst catastrophe in German history,
in memory at least, the 30 year war.
That was the worst thing that ever
happened to Germany.
In some regions, 2/3 of people were
killed in that war. It was pretty bad.
But I think in total it was roughly 30%
of the population that perished.
Now you would say, "Well, these are not
killings. These are just replacements."
But from
a continuity perspective, there's not
much of a difference between killing
people and replacing them.
The bottom line is they are gone.
They've disappeared.
And if you replace them, it's even worse
than killing them. I don't want to sound
too crude here, but from a continuity
perspective, if you like your people, if
you like them to exist in the future,
replacement is worse than being killed.
Cuz if you're being killed, you're still
all Germans, and then they repopulate,
and then it's still the same thing.
But if you inject 30% of people who are
not Germans, you are systematically, or
at least
I'm not saying systematically, that
implies intent,
but you are de facto eliminating the
people. Let's assume you double this
again, you're at 60%. Okay, Germany is
gone and will never never come back.
Same with Sweden. Look at Sweden. I just
picked Germany, Sweden, and UK just for
fun.
Sweden, 15 to 18% foreign-born. Now it's
27%.
Doubling, roughly. A little less than
doubling.
Very strong rise.
Same thing. Do you think Sweden will be
Sweden if you replace all the Swedes? Of
course not.
If you go to Taiwan, if you go to
Thailand, if you go to Japan, if you go
to Congo, it doesn't matter.
If you take that population, say, let's
replace all the Congolese with Chinese.
Do you really think the culture and the
nature of Congo will be retained?
Now you might say I prefer the Japanese.
Sure, but then you should go to Japan,
not to Congo.
Leave the Congolese alone.
So, the fact that people even attempt to
say that you can replace people,
the genetic substrate of a country, and
the country still exists is, of course,
ridiculous. No normal person would ever
think that because it's on its face
stupid at best, stupid. At worst,
malicious.
So, we are seeing horrible things
happening to the countries that I
personally care the most about, and I
think it's a crime against humanity of
the greatest possible proportions. And
most Europeans, of course, sense that.
Most Americans sense it. Most
Australians, most Canadians sense it.
This is a total crime against humanity
that's happening, and the EU is
overseeing this. That is why everyone is
so angry, and that is why it's so
surprising that the parliament is
finally standing up.
By the way, that would be true, as I
mentioned, for every country. If you
start replacing, mass replacing people
in
Sudan, people in India, people in
Bangladesh,
or if you open up Burma and replace half
of the population with Bangladeshis,
these are massive crimes. It's a crime
against humanity. If you love humans,
you need to allow these humans to have
their native cultures, to protect their
native substrate.
You can decide as a society you want to
be a little diverse, let some people in,
learn from other cultures. This is all
fine, but none of them justifies mass
replacement of your population as we see
it here. 30% of your own people
replaced.
Absolutely horrible. And of course, the
UK, I don't have to tell you anything
about the UK. You know what's going on
there. 8 to 10% foreign-born, now also
totally doubled.
And you know what's going on in the UK.
A recipe for disaster. That is why it's
so surprising and positive that we
actually have some change
there. Hey, on this channel, we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing, like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support,
and let's get back to the video.
So, let's take a look what is actually
happening in Europe on the ground
besides this crazy crazy event in the
European Parliament, very unexpected
event. Of course, you probably all know
this person, uh Rob Rupert Lowe in uh
Great Britain, who is the new uh face in
British politics. He is a former Reform
member. I think he got kicked out after
a little uh struggle with Nigel Farage,
who many don't like anymore at this
point he became a little uh
uh he he he started to deviate from his
initial promises a lot. So, Rupert Lowe
had had enough, and he started Restore
Britain, which has a
amazing and interesting rise despite
being super new to the game, is already
polling at 7%
in the latest uh polls. Here, you see
Reform totally leading the polls, which
is also very interesting. So, the UK the
UK citizens doesn't seem to have had it
with these completely unhinged actions
Keir Starmer is taking. Uh Great
Britain, of course, the country now in
many rankings uh putting the most
dissidents in prison for free speech,
for speaking up against the regime. So,
it's a pretty bad state of affairs.
Nearly everyone who has any kind of
alternative opinions in Europe is
getting banned or the United States, by
the way. Getting banned, Kanye West is
now banned.
Uh all kinds of people are getting
banned.
Uh Martin Sellner is getting banned. Uh
Eva
is getting banned. So, everyone is
getting banned from entering the UK
because they're all dangerous, right?
Being extremist as well as most of the
British population is considered, right?
Being extremist by the government. So,
people are very fed up with the whole
situation. Reform at 25%, but more
importantly, Restore already at 7%
rising from zero rapidly over the last
few months. So, there is some movement
in the UK. There's also a lot of unrest
happening on the streets.
Uh which is always concerning, of
course. It's better to funnel things
into orderly political channels if
possible. That is why this man is so
important. He allows Brits to actually
express their opinions now politically,
which was before very hard to do if you
don't have a party to vote for. So,
let's see how this goes. We see
a right-wing shift in the UK, pretty
safe to say, because Reform is still
considered also right-wing. Uh Restore
coming now from the right, pushing that
thing further. The Conservatives, for
some reason, still exist, even though
they did bad things in the past. So,
when you look between Restore, the
Conservatives, and Reform, that's a
pretty solid
majority here for for Reform.
Uh we also see, surprisingly, the Swedes
who actually currently have
kind of a more center-right government.
They got a lot of positive feedback.
They were just on Fox News, a whole
segment on Sweden being actually very
successful, one of the most successful
countries right now in
Europe in terms of economic growth, in
uh health of the fiscal situation, very
low government debt, very well-run. But,
of course, Sweden famously has a giant
migrant problem,
a huge rise in criminality, and is the
continent's number one country for
grenade attacks.
As Swedes Swedish citizens are now known
in Germany in the statistics, for
example, to rank among the most criminal
people, uh most dangerous foreigners are
now Swedes, not the most I mean, still
behind Syrians, but in Germany Swedes
are now probably the most criminal
European foreigner group in Germany.
Why is that? Is that because Eric and
Bjorn become criminals? No, of course
not. It's about the new Swedes that
commit violent crimes in Germany, uh
that recently attacked an embassy in
Copenhagen, and so Swedes get uh more
and more a bad reputation,
unfortunately. I love Swedes, but these
new Swedes are a little bit of a problem
for the Swedish reputation abroad. And
so the new more center-right government,
the Tido government in Sweden,
has now introduced much stricter rules
for acquiring Swedish citizenship, bring
some sanity back. Uh so now you need 8
years of residence instead of five,
which is like
well, still sounds uh very reasonable.
Self-sufficiency requirement. Oh, guess
Think about that. Now you need to be
able to pay for yourself. You can't just
move to Sweden, become a citizen to just
get free money. That's crazy, right? So,
wow, Sweden now wants people who
actually contribute something to Sweden.
Sounds very radical to me. Even more
radical, you need to be able to speak
Swedish.
Can you imagine? You can only become a
Swede if you speak Swedish. Of course
the Social Democrats and many others are
outraged. This is highly discriminatory.
What if you want to just get money from
Sweden, and you are not interested in
the Swedish language, and you're not
interested in Swedish history or
society,
the left thinks that should not prevent
you from becoming a Swedish citizen and
committing crimes in Germany or Denmark.
But, this government says, "No, not so
good." And here's the most racist thing,
they say you need to have a good
character.
That is the most controversial change
because the left is absolutely This is
pure full-on racism. You need to be good
person. You can't lie. You can't cheat.
That's horrible.
But, the right says,
"We think that's a good idea. That could
help our
country." The conduct requirement was
strengthened from hederligt levnadssätt
on his way of life to
skötsamt och hederligt levnadssätt,
orderly and honest way of life. Like,
honest is already bad enough for the
left. They're like, "Honest? Are you
kidding me? You sound like a
very bad right-wing extremist. You can't
expect people to be honest." But, now
the right-wing doubles down and says,
"Not only do we want you to be honest,
you need to be orderly." And orderly is
clearly
a dog whistle for complete white
supremacy. The Japanese would agree.
Applicants now must have been living an
orderly life. This means that you can
forget about citizenship if you have a
criminal record. Wow. So, all the poor
criminals cannot be Swedish citizens
anymore? That can't be right.
Restraining orders? Just because you
harass a bunch of women, you shouldn't
become a citizen anymore in Sweden?
Outrageous.
Financial irresponsibility, debts, and
patterns of non-payment. What? Just
because you default on all your debts
and leases?
Outrageous. Repeated minor offenses.
Whoa, you can't even do minor offenses
now in Sweden?
Horrible. Non-compliance with
authorities. Like, what? You punch your
officer in the face and that's it? You
can't be a citizen anymore?
Ties to groups involved in grave human
rights abuses. What?
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's horrible. Just because you are a
terrorist, you cannot become a Swedish
citizen anymore. You can imagine the
outrage is great on the left in Sweden.
But, for now, they have successfully
pushed this through.
And of course, if you would tell this
anyone who lived in the '50s or '60s,
they would think, "What are you even
talking about? Are you crazy?" Like,
"You introduced a law that makes it
impossible for people like that to
become citizens?" Does that mean before
all of these people could become
citizens?
Yes, that's why Swedes are now
considered dangerous
in Europe
because they have become citizens and
they're doing very bad things
in Sweden and abroad.
So,
long story short, that's of course
good news, another sign of hope that
things are a little bit changing in
Europe. And let's talk about the big
one, the most important country in
Europe, Germany, and what's going on
there. I will have a separate video on
that. You can watch it, but we see here
that the AfD,
the party Elon calls the only hope for
Germany, I tend to agree with him cuz
it's the only party that is not part of
the cartel.
All the other parties are basically on
board of doing the exact same thing and
all the other parties have except the
BSW, by the way.
Uh but all these parties, the CDU, the
SPD, the Greens, and the Linke, and the
FDP, they have formed a cartel against
the AfD, which makes the AfD of course
stronger cuz all the citizens are
saying, "What are you doing? This is not
a democracy. If we vote for different
parties, we don't want to vote for the
same thing." But they have officially
made it the same thing and said, "We are
a cartel against the AFD.
Uh interestingly enough, the AFD, if you
read their party program, it's nearly
identical with the CDU program, with the
exception maybe of Russia relations and
the EU, where the AFD is more critical.
They want more reforms in the EU, and
they want to have a friendly
relationships with America and with
Russia, whereas the Union uh the CDU
says
I'm not even clear exactly what they
say. It's not totally clear what they
say. No, Russia is bad. Russia bad.
Uh and the AFD says, you know, we need
normal relations with Russia. We cannot
go to war against Russia. That's the
only difference. Everything else is
actually very similar in the party
program, which makes the CDU even more
aggressive towards the AFD and says
like, well, they are if they're the
same, we need to call them Nazis.
Because it's very dangerous for the CDU
that they're effectively the same
program.
And the CDU is probably right about
that, by the way, that this is very
dangerous for the CDU. As you can see
here, the CDU used to be by far the
biggest party in Germany. Germans tend
to be conservative. Uh
the CDU is also the CSU in Bavaria, and
they're losing like crazy to the AFD
because most CDU voters are actually
more AFD leaning in their attitude to
things.
Many are of course a little brainwashed
and think, oh, we I can't vote AFD
because they're bad.
But secretly they think, well, but these
are the people who do exactly what I
want. So, hmm, what do I do now?
And so the AFD is now at 29%. We will
cover this in more in depth what's
behind that and what that actually
means.
But there's a theory. It's called the
30-20 tipping point.
Because that is a crazy result, by the
way. That is from the 16th of June from
YouGov, which is a pretty, you know,
pretty valid uh survey
uh
panel. And the theory is once Germany
reaches 30-20,
30-20, and you can see that's not that
doesn't seem impossible. We are 29-20.
That is the tipping point where the
narrative that these is the new NSDAP,
these are Nazis. They happen to look a
little weird for Nazis, right? And they
happen to not say anything bad, but
whatever, we just call them Nazis.
That's not going to hold anymore because
at 30% even the most brainwashed German
is going to say, "Wait a moment. How can
they be Nazis if no one can ever tell me
anything bad they said?" And they have
30%.
And also the CDU, where's the authority
of the CDU if they are under 20%?
So, the Kipppunkt, the tipping point is
supposed to be 30-20, and I like this
theory. I think it's valid because you
distort then this whole thing to say AfD
are fringe people. They are fringe
far-right extremists.
No one is going to believe that
narrative anymore if all other parties
are massively smaller.
Cuz extremism is defined as it can't be
a lot of people. If a lot of people are
that thing,
just logically, statistically, you can't
be fringe if you're in the center.
So, that is happening there.
And here is also an interesting chart.
The interesting chart is that we
actually see
West Germany versus East Germany. In
West Germany, even in West Germany, even
among CDU voting women, by the way,
women and West Germans are now majority
AfD. Which is pretty remarkable if you
know anything about Germany. The West
Germans are the ones a little bit more
asleep. They didn't have a revolution
ever. They were living in the American
and UK in the Western sector after the
Second World War, so they were a little
bit more pampered and spoiled, had free
markets, you know, were very wealthy.
Whereas the East Germans went through
the whole communism thing, are very
angry about it, overthrew their own
government successfully, underwent 40
years of blatant propaganda,
then freed themselves, and are now much
more critical of everything because they
say, "Well, yeah, we didn't like our old
government. That doesn't mean we like
the new government, especially when it
starts behaving the same way as a
communist dictatorship did in terms of
government propaganda, in terms of
trying to shame us into something, in
terms of trying to push us into
something." So, these Germans tend to be
much more freedom-loving.
They seem to be a little bit more
strongly opinionated, and there are
people who say, "We are the people. This
is our country, and not some elites who
tell us what to do."
And accordingly, you can see they also
have a much lesser
loyalty to these old parties because,
except for this communist party, by the
way, which is the only East German
party, and you see that
still in the East,
that actually, of course, in East
Germany, there were a lot of people who
were actually on the side of the
communists, as as it goes, right? Not a
lot of people, but significant share.
So, these 12% for the Linke, which, by
the way, is 10% in West Germany, weirdly
enough, but these 12% these are the old
cadre
cadre Ossis, right? They are like,
"Well,
there were like, well, nothing was wrong
with the communist dictatorship." But
it's still, you know, 87.5%
who are not of that opinion,
and many of them are in the AfD and say,
"Give us our country back. We are the
people. We want to determine what
actually happens to our country, and no
one else should."
So, you see this huge difference between
East Germany and West Germany.
You see the AfD at a ridiculous number,
40%. You have to understand, this is not
America with two parties. If the
Democrats had 40% or the Republicans,
that's like normal, 45% 49 whatever.
Because you only have two parties. Here
you have to consider you don't have two
parties. This is a typical European
Parliament. Having 40% of the vote is
insane.
It's insane. It's close to an absolute
majority because you have to consider
many of these people will also drop out
of the parliament and so you don't
in order to determine the absolute
majority 51%. These are not the
percentages you need. You need to sum up
all the other percentages. For example,
this 1.5% and this 7.5% they're not in
parliament. They are getting kicked out,
right? If you have any specific state.
So the total percentage you have to
consider when looking for parliamentary
majorities is basically 100% minus the
ones that get kicked out, which is 9%
here. So you only have 91%
that are the 100%.
Which means 45% roughly speaking is the
absolute majority. At 45% you have the
majority of parliamentary seats, which
means you can have a single party
government, which is a big deal. And so
we are extremely close to that and in a
democracy that tells you something is
just off. And what is off is that these
people have created a cartel. That the
CDU all the way to the Linke are
considered a singular party.
A singular party against the AfD.
And that makes people very suspicious
because the SPD, the Greens, the Linke
are hardcore
left-wing parties. They want to They are
for open borders. They are one They are
for dispossessing millionaires. They
have
They have views that would make even a
socialist democrat in the United States
blush. They're like, "Ooh, really? You
want to like do that?" So these are
extremely radical parties, left-wing
radicals, and the fact that the
conservatives are in bed with them
is is a good thing for the conservatives
because everyone who's CDU
is really considering voting AfD now
because if you vote CDU it's a vote
against property, for open borders, for
all the most radical left-wing things
that of course the CDU itself is
against. But they say I rather have open
borders, the dismantlement of Germany,
the replacement of the German people,
and the removal of property, and the
removal of free press, and singular
propagandist state media than being a
Nazi and being for the AfD.
And everyone who's a CDU voter is like,
"Wait a moment, bro.
I'm not for these things. I'm totally
against that. You promised me to be
against that. You were saying these
people are Nazis, but there's literally
no sign of that.
Show me the evidence or shut up or I'm
going to vote for them."
So that's happening.
And
it's also remarkable that in
West Germany this is totally also the
tre- tendency, right? The fact that the
AfD is at 26% in West Germany is a very
big deal. So it's not just East versus
West. It's also you see the exact same
trend just a little more lagging in West
Germany.
All of this
gives of course everyone who is more
objective and looking from the outside
into Germany, who is pro-German, a lot
of hope. Cuz you feel like maybe this
whole system of complete delusion
and deception is finally breaking down.
Cuz these are not small numbers. This is
a complete domination already by the
AfD, who is so far
truly an alternative for Germany.
People are concerned that they get
corrupted too. Once they're in power
they just turn into the CDU. But there
are signs that this might not be the
case. And we also see that you know, the
German population would not be okay with
that. So it would be a dumb move of the
AfD. I'm sure there will be a lot of
forces pulling on the AFD, but it's
similar with restore UK. At some point
corruption is just too
obvious and probably not a good path
forward anymore. And my gut feeling is
that neither Robert Lowe nor Alice
Weidel or Super Crew Trupala or none of
these people are going to throw the
voters under the bus. It's just my gut
feeling. I think the corruption cycle is
to some extent over now.
Because the punishment by the population
would be severe.
They everyone knows how it goes. No one
will accept it anymore.
So,
that is the state of Europe. That is
what's going on in Sweden, in the UK, in
Germany. I just picked these three
countries because the UK is the most
important out of the EU European
country. And it's kind of the important
hinge point between the United States
and Europe. Germany, of course, is the
most important country in Europe that
determines the fate of Europe, the fate
of the EU. And I like to also focus on
Sweden because Sweden is that
interesting country in the north, much
smaller, but the most important
Scandinavian country that in many
respects is a pacemaker of culture and
all kinds of things. And it often shows
where the journey is going. So, that is
my you know, triplet here that I will
focus on. And I think that gives us a
good understanding of the tendencies in
the EU. So, I don't know where this is
going. We obviously don't have much time
for Europe left. There's a lot of
problems happening.
There's also here this
interesting thing
uh happening
um with the
uh Save Europe Act. This is probably the
most active young generation in Europe
that you can go to Save Europe Act and
sign this thing if you're European.
Um we're a bunch of younger activists,
political activists
uh are taking action with re-migration
and Save Europe Act to actually hold
people accountable.
And I think that's also a very good sign
that the young people are getting
organized who are the biggest victims of
this whole thing. I know many young
people, they are in high school, they
are in college or right after. You know,
girls are very concerned they can't go
out at night anymore. They get harassed
and they get threatened if they get
sexually harassed or raped or whatever.
I hope that never happens to anyone, but
there's this case of this French girl
who after it had happened to her, she
spoke up and said, "These migrants" of
course it happened by migrant.
She said that's the biggest threat for a
French girls
and she went nearly to jail for it
because then the government cracks down
on these girls, which is absolutely
appalling. And when you're in school, of
course you don't have a safe school
anymore. It's completely ridiculous.
It's very different from the United
States, by the way.
Cuz the United States was able to kind
of handle their diversity by having all
kinds of gated communities and
self-organized like separation and all
kinds of things,
which is very hypocritical, by the way,
but at least it works. So, in the US
you're much safer from these things,
but in Europe you're not. You're just
getting swamped and people just full on
get violated in their rights and their
physical safety. And the young people,
of course, are the biggest victims of
this whole thing. And so, they are the
most angry. Whereas the boomers, they
are in the most removed so they say,
"Oh, diversity is our strength. It's
great. I have my house. I have my fancy
community. I'm all happy here." Whereas
the young people have to go to school
and have great problems, especially the
girls. So,
they are getting organized here. That
is, I think, a very powerful sign, very
good operation. They are trying to get
to 1 million votes and then can actually
submit this to the European Union for
actually have the Save Europe Act being
considered.
Of course, the commission is going to
reject this thing, but it's a political
action that I think is very important.
So, I think I'm actually bullish. I
think a lot of things are changing
thanks to Elon mostly, to X opening up
the floodgates of free speech. Everyone
can suddenly express themselves. Of
course, governments try to crack down
now, but this the cat is out of the sack
out of the bag, and I think there is a
lot of hope. Now, nothing is won, lots
of problems remain, but I think a lot of
things are actually changing.
So, I hope that was interesting. We'll
have some more political insight here,
and see you very soon.