Channel:     electrified
Title:       Why Tesla's Cybercab Is a Distraction ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yvee7Z8yASc
Published:   2026-09-09 23:03 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-10 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Electrified. It's your
host Dylan Lumis. If it's any
consolation for you guys, last week
having to sit on the sidelines
effectively was quite painful for me.
But sometimes in life, that's how the
cookie crumbles, as they say. And I'm
telling you, at some point in the
future, I will be able to share my
story. And I'm telling you, it'll be
worth the wait. But for now, I just want
to say two things. Number one, to
everybody that was praying for me and
thinking about us, I just wanted to say
a heartfelt thank you. And two, just to
give you something for now, this had to
do with my biggest career swing to date.
And ultimately, it's looking like it has
been completely nuked by forces totally
outside of my control. It is still an
ongoing situation, but this was supposed
to be a huge part of my life for the
next few years, and now it's looking
like it's going to be a zero. And so,
naturally, my wife and I need to do a
reset, handle the situation, and really
figure out how we want to move forward.
But the good news for everybody here,
this really has encouraged me to do even
better things with electrified moving
forward. So I do have a renewed sense of
focus and really appreciation for the
community that we've all built together
here. So with that out of the way, Cyber
Cab as a distraction, what am I talking
about? Well, when it comes to the Cyber
Cab event, I'll touch on that toward the
end of this video, but largely I do
think that is also a distraction. There
was plenty of drama around the event and
really understandably so. But the real
distraction is something else. Everybody
is laser focused on the cyber cab and
the hardware and the unboxed process.
Really, all of the manufacturing and
design genius that we've been covering
here on this channel for the better part
of 2 years. But here's the thing. Tesla
could have the very lowest cost, most
incredibly designed product ever. But if
they don't have the proper software to
control that vehicle in different cities
at scale, then ultimately this hardware
without a wheel and without pedals is
useless. And so, while we know the Cyber
Cab is incredible, nobody else will be
able to compete with it from a cost
perspective, and it deserves all of the
praise it is finally getting from the
general public, the real focus for us as
investors needs to be all eyes on
version 15. And no, this is not just me
being dramatic, but on X, Mike was
talking about how Tesla launched in
Tampa and Orlando right before the Q2
earnings call, as we covered on the
channel. and over 1 month later and it's
just a handful of cars in small
geoences. Really more of a beta pilot
type situation. But Chuck Cook responded
to that saying, "Waiting on V15." And he
said, "Every hard question I asked the
leadership engineers at the Cyber Cab
event was answered with, wait on V15."
And look, at this point, I know some of
you will be rolling your eyes because
for years now, it's been the next
release. Just wait for the next one. The
breakthrough's coming with the next one.
So from that perspective, I totally
understand. But we also have to
understand that at some point the
engineers and the team and Elon, well,
they're going to be right. So even
Tesla's engineers right now are
admitting that everything is hinging on
V15, not the Cyber Cab hardware itself.
And quickly from that perspective, I did
want to follow up on Dr. Knowitall's
video about the final boss potentially
for Tesla's FSD recognizing those thin
horizontal objects. If you're not sure
what I'm talking about, just go back and
rewatch my most recent video. And a
quick aside, I shared this video earlier
today of my Tesla Model 3 on 14.3.8
recognizing this yellow chain link fence
being approached from the front in a
parking lot and FSD on its own
recognized it, reversed, and then exited
the parking lot through another exit.
And as you'll see at this point, I was
almost sure that I was going to have to
disengage here as it started to creep
forward a second time. I thought it
would drive right through the chain, but
it saw it, stopped, and then reversed
all on its own. And two things, no, this
does not mean that the chain thin
horizontal problem has been solved.
Absolutely not. This is one anecdote.
And secondarily, this was approaching it
directly head-on. It wasn't going along
the side, and it wasn't trying to back
up into it. However, I definitely wanted
to share it because for me, past
versions of FSD were not recognizing
chains like this. And so, if you missed
it, one of the main points Dr.
know-it-all was making was that these
convolutional neural networks still
struggle with these thin horizontal
objects. Now, I want to make it clear
Elon did say that Tesla isn't using
convolutional neural networks that much
anymore. But that doesn't mean they're
not using them at all. And so, as far as
we know based on all public information,
I think it's most likely Tesla is still
using these CNN's in the vision aspect
of self-driving. All you really need to
know is that a CNN is just a program
that's really good at spotting different
patterns in an image. So it'll scan
portions of an image and say that looks
like a stop sign, that's likely a
pedestrian, that's likely a car, and so
on. And so here's a little visual that I
oneshotted with Grockbot as a potential
use case idea. But again, as far as we
know, Tesla is still using something
like this as the first filter on each
camera. It's a cheap, fast way to be the
eyes layer of the entire process. And so
after the first pass of a CNN, you'll
have a map of simple thing like edges or
outlines, different spots and shapes.
And then it'll do the same sliding
window thing again on these maps. And
it's at this point on the second pass
when the detection can find certain
combination like two edges that meet or
a dark circle next to a light one. And
this is where that pattern recognition
comes into play. And a few more times
and the network will be looking for
things like ears, wheels, faces, and so
on. And you'll see pooling in this
diagram. That's where every now and then
you'll shrink these maps so later layers
can see a wider area of the original
photo without needing bigger windows.
So, we don't need to go beyond
high-level stuff. just know Tesla is
still likely using these CNN's as the
beginning part of the FSD driving
process. But we do know for sure Tesla
is not nearly as reliant on CNN's as
they once were. But the main point I
wanted to make is that while this is a
quite challenging problem, it's not one
that's completely unsolved where all of
the researchers and engineers are just
throwing their hands up without answers.
That is not the case. So, one thing
Tesla could do is keep higher resolution
from those images and the video instead
of forcing all of the pixels through
these aggressive shrinking processes.
And yes, all of these solutions will
have trade-offs and costs associated,
but there are viable paths. And even Dr.
Knowitall mentioned one himself, which
has to do with the context windows. It
would be giving FSD a better memory. And
we know the Tesla team and Elon have all
been talking about how memory is the
current limiting factor for Tesla
specific hardware and FSD right now. I
could go on, but for now I just wanted
to make it clear I don't have major
concerns that this is some unsolvable
problem like I think some were deducing
from Dr. Knowitall's video. Again, he
did an excellent job explaining it and I
think he was spot on. But after having
some time to research and look into it,
I do think there are viable solutions
out there. And I'm fairly confident with
version 15 and a future DOT release,
Tesla will have a solution figured out
as part of these seven new technologies
they've been touting with V15. And yes,
the second we get any breadcrumbs of
what exactly they've added in, we'll be
sure to break it down. Now, for today's
video, we're not going to go crazy. We
will ease back into things as I get back
into the swing of things myself. But
Ethan McConna said he took 16 Cyber Cab
rides after the event with no looping.
It seems like whatever build they
shipped with Cyber Cab launch improves
pickup and drop off behavior. Now, no,
that doesn't mean it's perfect. Some
suggestions he still had, he wanted
dynamic pickup wait time based on
location, something Whimo has. For
example, if Tesla continues to give the
riders 7 minutes to get into the
vehicle, sometimes the cyber cab is
waiting for its riders in areas where
it's blocking the road. So doing that on
a busy street with cars behind you is
certainly not ideal, but there wasn't a
ton of P&amp;D coverage from the attendees
of the event. So this was encouraging to
hear. But for now, it's a fair open
question. Is Cyber Cab using a more
advanced version of V15, or is it the
same V15 that's 40% or so done that
we've seen on the Model Y? At this
point, I'm just speculating, but it
feels like Cyber Cab might have an even
newer version. A quick look at the robo
taxi tracker. Tesla now has 437 total
vehicles registered in Texas and 49 of
those are cyber cabs. And just so you
know, for the Florida cities, I have 15
for each city because we don't know the
exact number. But as David Moss said
this week responding to a post about the
Florida cities, he said they have seven
vehicles each and two active max at a
time, one at night. So that 15 number is
likely an upper limit. But that right
there proves my point. The Florida
cities are still pilots. And I did add
the robo taxi hubs to the map. So if you
click the hubs button here, they will
populate on the map. As you can see,
they're very close to current cities
where Tesla's operating or plans to. And
if you scroll down, you'll see a list of
each individual hub. And the last thing
I want to point out for today in the Z4
section, you'll find a CyberC badge with
how many days the Cyber Cabs have been
active in the registry not officially
giving rides, but the difference is only
a few days. But the point I wanted to
make, these Florida cities have now been
operating for between 50 and 68 days.
And so we're talking roughly 2 months
for Tesla to have a handful of vehicles
in these small geo fences. So until
further notice, each new city launch,
while it is exciting and important for
Tesla to gather data, we need to be
expecting a very slow roll out after the
fact. Another important point I want to
drive home, Tesla confirmed it has
dynamic pricing for Roboaxi, which means
the pricing will fluctuate based on
supply and demand. So while it's great
to see all of the pricing screenshots
and the comparisons, those are only a
snapshot in time. So to anybody out
there trying to run the math on what
Tesla's base rate is and the surge
pricing, just know you're not really
going to be able to come to an accurate
conclusion because it's dynamic. And as
you're about to see from this post from
Abimmanu, in this case, the Cyber Cab
was actually more expensive than the
Model Y. Cyber Cab $17.32
when the Model Y was $178.
Now, yes, in the future, most of the
time the Cyber Cab will be the more
affordable option, but it's not a
guarantee. Initially from the cyber cab
event, people were getting quite excited
about the form Tesla put out, trying to
gauge the interest for people looking to
help Tesla expand the robo taxi network.
It was for anybody interested in cyber
cab fleet vehicle purchasing, mobility
hubs and infrastructure event
collaboration or other. I think Sawyer
said about 73,000 people clicked on the
link and then Eric from Tesla, the lead
cyber cab engineer, said they had tens
of thousands of people actually fill out
the form. But importantly, he later
deleted that post. And I'm pretty
confident the reason is because this
type of thing right here is still a long
ways away. So, just my opinion, but
similar to Tesla launching in these
Florida cities right before the Q2
earnings and then keeping it a small
deal for a while, I think it's going to
be a similar thing here for the event.
Tesla wanted things that the media and
people like you and I could talk about,
to get excited about. But guys, the
amount of questions that would still
need to be answered for anything like
this to actually be viable is incredibly
long. How about a price? What about
insurance? Do I own the title or does
Tesla? What states and cities could I
operate a cyber cab in and when? What
happens when the car tries to leave the
operational domain? What are the
requirements for upkeep of the vehicles?
How clean do they need to be? How often
do the tires need to be replaced? What's
the revenue breakdown between Tesla and
the owner? How about the entire
liability question? As an operator, what
all am I responsible for? In the event
of a serious crash or an accident, am I
responsible for talking to the police
and lawyers, or is that something Tesla
will do because it was their software
driving the car? What if I decide I
don't want to run a fleet anymore? Can I
sell my cyber cabs to another approved
operator? Do I have to sell them back to
Tesla? What happens if I invest in a
cyber cab fleet for my city, but then
shortly after Tesla comes and floods my
city with its own cyber cabs? I live in
a snowy climate. Am I allowed to operate
these cyber cabs in the snow? If so, how
much? And if so, when? So, I could go on
and on, but I think you get the picture.
So, I'd be very surprised if we hear
anything about this anytime this year.
And of course, if we do, it would have
to be limited to the current geoence
cities. And so again, we'll talk about
this a lot more in the future, like why
Tesla would offer this at all if they
can make so much money keeping the cars
in house themselves. We'll talk about
all of that, but for now, I think best
case scenario would be something on a
very small scale limited to Austin. If
we see anything come to fruition from
that form, we also have to acknowledge
Tesla might be in a holding pattern
right now while Nitsa completes its AQ,
its audit query. This has been out there
for a few days. I won't cover it in
detail. Basically, we know Tesla
self-certified the Cyber Cab. As we said
all along, there's a chance that Nitsa
will challenge that self-certification
that Tesla did, and that's exactly what
this is. It's not Nitsa saying, "Hey,
something's wrong here." It's saying,
"Hey, we're going to take a look and
make sure nothing is wrong." So, for
now, nothing has been determined. But
this process could take months. And it's
further complicated by the fact that we
have some of these FMDSS in the midst of
being changed right now. So, in Tesla's
self-certification, was it relying on
these changes that are not yet official
when Tesla was making certain arguments
that this doesn't apply to the cyber
cab? And sadly, we have people
perpetuating that 1,000 cyber cab number
that was used for this query now saying,
"See, Tesla's about to launch a thousand
cyber cabs in Austin." But that's
absolutely not the case. That is
literally just a placeholder or an
assumption for what Nitsa thinks the
scale and scope of this investigation
may be. That is not any indication of
the amount of live cyber cabs Tesla has
now or in the near future because
remember legally Tesla can only have 49
cyber cabs operating on all of Texas
roads right now. But my point is, until
this query is satisfied, Tesla likely
won't want to scale Cyber Cabs to
significant numbers, even if it could
from a software perspective. So,
obviously, they're not going to start
selling CyberC by the thousands to fleet
owners until this all gets settled.
There's a lot of controversy about Cyber
Cab doors right now. David Moss did some
good testing with a banana and the
passenger doors, and the first test it
passed. So, if somebody gets an arm or a
fist stuck in there, the door should
recognize it and go back up. But the
trunk test, not so successful. It
crushed right through the banana, almost
like it wasn't there at all. Another
banana test closer to the bottom of the
trunk. A little bit better. It did
recognize it and go back up, but a
little bit of damage was done. But
again, up closer to the window and not
great. And for a passenger door, he did
a test with his fist and that one was a
pass. Texas Tesla was doing some testing
of the doors and in his videos, these
cardboard boxes were not detected and
the door knocked him right over. And I
think his reaction of being hit by the
Cyber Cab door in this video might be a
bit dramatic. Still something to note.
But of course, this will all get worked
out and that's actually why I'm sharing
this because he said Tesla reached out.
A CyberCab software update is inbound
soon. And a fun fact that Josh West
pointed out, you can click the Cyber Cab
door button to stop it at any point when
it's opening or closing. As Joe Teter
said, Cyber Cabs are now rolling off the
production line for the first time with
the Starlink module on the hatch in big
numbers. He said this may show this has
moved from the conceptual and testing
phase to more of a production phase with
the appropriate tooling and die changes
rather than being retrofit. And
remember, this is Starlink V5, so it's
TBD if Cybercap passengers will get that
Starlink hotspot for their personal
devices. I just wanted to say it seems
like some people think it's a foregone
conclusion, but I wouldn't be so sure
because remember, there are specific
reasons Tesla itself will want that
bandwidth. And like I said, just some
little tidbits here for today. Kyle
Connor did confirm that the Cyber Cab
does not currently support AC charging.
So for now, not a big deal. Of course,
people won't be charging the Cyber Cap
at home, but for now, the Cyber Cap is
wholly reliant on the Supercharger
network, which is another small reason I
think fleet purchases are a ways away.
And Tesla's still going through growing
pains with the Cyber Cab. Josh West
shared a video of him and his wife
requesting a Cyber Cab. They waited
about a half an hour only to learn that
Tesla cancelled their cyber cab and
ultimately they were forced to book
another one and wait another 30 to 45
minutes with no explanation given. There
are still some software bugs Tesla needs
to figure out. This screen was shared
from David Moss one of his rides. It was
more of an engineering type view that
had the joystick to manually move the
cyber cab. So again, likely just a bug.
It could have already been fixed as far
as we know. But I'm pointing these
things out of course so everybody can be
informed, but also I see people saying,
"Well, if Tesla can have a few dozen of
these cyber cavs, why can't they have a
few hundred?" And it's because little
things like this. You have three
problems on 36 Cyber Cabs a day, and if
you multiply that 10, then that's 30
problems. As Elon said today, the degree
to which CyberCab is optimized for the
lowest possible cost per mile, fully
loaded, is understood by very few. But
again, I think the majority of us here
understand this very well because we've
been talking about this again for years.
So, I hope none of you take this video
as not being celebratory of this Cyber
Cab launch because it was honestly
incredible and a huge milestone, one
we've waited for a long time. I'm just
treating it as a window that I
effectively missed for being absent last
week. And Elon did say talking about the
Cyber Cab hopefully soon in Europe, too.
But I'm not going to hold my breath
given that we're having challenges
getting supervised FSD approved in many
European countries. So again, I think
we're likely looking at 2027 until we
see any cyber cabs operating anywhere in
Europe. And interestingly, the fire
department in Austin, Texas said today
that it has concerns about Tesla's cyber
cab and how it could block city streets
because it doesn't have traditional
controls. So, the fire captain said
Tesla has been training the fire
department on the cyber cab and using
the touchscreen on the dashboard, but he
said the technology is unproven and he
doesn't know how well it will work in
the field if, for example, cyber cab is
blocking a fire engine. He said, "I
don't think it's the silver bullet to
alleviating the concerns first
responders have without having drivers
controls." He said the touchscreen could
fail in numerous situations like if they
have gloved hands, sweat, dust, or the
possibility of the screen being cracked
or having a lack of power. And he said
obviously it has some drawbacks. You
need power to do it. It does have
limitations on speed. And it does
require a bit of I would say training or
maybe some finesse to operate. But in
fairness, it's worth pointing out that
he also spent some time publicly
criticizing Whimo. So, if this level of
skepticism exists in Austin, one of the
most autonomous forward cities, then we
can be sure it's going to exist even at
greater scale elsewhere. And it's not
live yet, but in the app code, some
folks found that Tesla might start
offering robo taxis during service
instead of loaner vehicles. Now, yes, of
course, early days, this would only be
available in cities where Tesla has robo
taxi operations, but long-term this will
be a great way to get service customers
where they need to go. And when it comes
to the CyberCap event, we know we really
didn't get much new information. I think
by far the biggest news was that Tesla's
now over 1 million unsupervised miles.
That was up from 380,000 back on the Q2
call. And yes, when you run the math,
that works out to about a 17%
week-over-week growth rate, which was
above Tesla's 10% guidance on the Q2
call. And I know I give Whimo a hard
time on this channel really because I
don't see a viable path to
sustainability for them, but they're
currently well over 220 million
unsupervised miles. Tesla just crossed 1
million. So again, to everybody that
wants and is expecting to see thousands
of cyber cabs right now, we have to keep
in mind Tesla's sample size is still
very small. Growing quickly, sure, but
it is still very small. Tesla Scope said
FSD14.2
light is now rolling out for the first
time to hardware 3 vehicles in eligible
regions. And simultaneously, FSD14.3.9
is also rolling out to some hardware 4
users. At this point, rather than
yapping about the Cyber Cab event, I'll
save that for a future video since it
looks like this one might be long
already. But for now, Tesla stock closed
the day at $367.81,
down.1%.
And SpaceX closed at $14755,
down 3.86%, all while the NDX was down.
29%. I hope you all have a wonderful
day, and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.