Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Chinese Big Sellers Are Preparing to Swarm UP in Canada
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhGWCiYhrq4
Published:   2026-09-17 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-17 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yeah, recently the uh Canadian
government has opened up the ability for
third parties to collect information on
people that are charging their EVs at
home in mass. So, if you have a Wi-Fi
enabled charger at your house, it can
collect the information of how much you
charge. They will combine that with
other citizens of the area, put it into
a spreadsheet, and submit it to the
government for a um a rebate. And that
rebate is then broken up and sent back
out to the citizens. So at this point,
you're getting somewhere between 10
cents a kilowatt and 13 cents a kilowatt
in uh this rebate program. There are a
flood of EVs going into Canada these
days, both from Europe and Mexico and
even Asia, specifically China, let's be
honest, but there's some Hyundai and
other things as well doing their best to
compete. We've got a whole lot to cover
on the front of Canada and on the back
of Canada is Mark. Hey Mark, how are
you? Uh we're going to be
&gt;&gt; I don't know if I like that.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if you like that. Hey, but
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean you knew what you signed up
for. Maybe not the details, but that's
where we are. So, got a handful of
stories here I wanted to run by you, get
your perspective. Uh, federal government
expects Chinese EVs to arrive in large
numbers soon. Larger numbers.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; We've had some Chinese allocation that's
come to Canada for some time now. We're
we're well into the first year of this
&gt;&gt; and um what's happened is that Tesla's
picked up a lot uh because of course
they've had the network in place. the
others, the the the mass of other
Chinese vehicles that want to get into
the Canadian market. They're now getting
their vehicles tested. We can see them
in the streets now. And uh it's just a
matter of time. They believe we're
probably 6 to 8 months away from um
getting a whole mass of new cars that we
haven't seen on Canadian shores to this
point,
&gt;&gt; except perhaps in testing. Now, on those
vehicles, um, we're seeing, so the Model
Y is coming from Giga Berlin. The Model
3 is coming from Giga Shanghai, correct?
Uh, and previously Canada's gotten
Teslas from, uh, from Texas and Fremont.
So, you've gotten them from all the
factories. I think it's, uh, if you want
to know what quality difference is,
incernable. Although, I've heard reports
that it goes Shanghai, Berlin,
Texas, Fremont. That's just what I've
heard.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, in terms of quality, Fremont,
a very old factory. So, BYD is uh I
mean, how would they even get them
there? Are there enough ships, do you
know?
&gt;&gt; Uh, yes. Um, in fact, they are buying
their own ships to get them here. So,
&gt;&gt; BYD orders 10 more with capac capacity
for 9200
cars each.
&gt;&gt; That's That's almost double a regular
car carrier. It's a big one because
these are beyond Panamax scale. I don't
know if this is a picture of one of the
new ones or an old one, but if you don't
need to constrain for the size of the
Panama Canal, just build what you want,
man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they know how ship builders know how to
build them safely. So, I'm not worried
about that. But yes, uh BYD has uh the
ability to ship ships filled with cars.
&gt;&gt; A lot of ships and cars. Now, I
understand BYYD is testing four models
in Canada as hiring continues. So,
they're not thinking about this. This is
underway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is actually
happening. And of course, the the
testing has to happen. They have to get
them uh rated. They have to go through
crash tests. They have to be certified.
And after that point, they can start
selling. So, we believe with the uh the
vehicles that have been spotted here in
testing with manufacturing plates that
they're well on their way. And uh like I
said, we're probably 6 8 months away
from us starting to see them.
&gt;&gt; Um my question is, do they need to go
through their own uh their own testing?
Um because these have all been Euro
NCAP, NCAAP, uh Australian NCAP. I mean,
these have all been tested. I'm I'm
seeing something about uh CMVS. So, they
have to go through that.
&gt;&gt; Well, there there is the Canadian
Regulatory Commission there. They're
going to look at it and and yes, they
will look at where they've been
certified already, but there may be a
few things that the Canadian group has
to look at and or examine a little
closer compared to European standards or
Australian standards.
&gt;&gt; I see. So, the Sea Lion 7, which is
Yeah. their Model Y rival, has been
spotted. BYD's hybrid Shark sold in
Mexico, Australia, and many other
countries. I can assure you they sell
them in Nepal, is one of the models that
has no Chinese brand competitor in
Canada's uh pickup.
&gt;&gt; Well, the the uh the Shark is of course
a pickup type vehicle and it's a hybrid.
So, uh that will be interesting uh
because there are limited pickup uh
options uh when it comes to
electrification here in Canada. very few
options and there are pickup buyers who
will not go pure electric. Uh but this
will still give you some some benefit in
your per mile savings and it is a
plug-in hybrid so you can use it as a
short range pure EV if you want. Now I
understand you take some issues with
this one Mark. Nissan Leaf becomes
cheaper north of the border. New Sgrade
is Canada's most affordable EV.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um, and it is it's it's a great
price uh that they've got here. We're
under $38,000.
Uh, this is a new model that Nissan put
together which allowed them to drop the
price a little bit from the, uh,
previous pricing of their lowest model.
But, um, what was pointed out to me
earlier in the week is that, uh, there
is another vehicle that's just a little
bit underneath this, and that, of
course, is the Fiat 500e.
It has a new um a new model that is is
like just it's a few hundred dollars
cheaper. And the problem with the the
Fiat vehicle, not a problem, but the
difference is that its battery is much
smaller. So, uh the Leaf would
definitely for the couple hundred that
it is cheaper or is more expensive than
the Fiat, uh it's probably the better
choice for the longevity of the charge.
Now, I don't know why it's showing me
29865.
That has to be US pricing, right? It
says fiatcanada.com.
Uh, you know, is the website. Um, this
one, however, is 45 grand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, but at any rate, uh, good catch. I
appreciate that sort of thing. You know,
it feels like a game sometimes trying to
figure this stuff out. And if you enjoy
games, you might enjoy playing. Mark and
Brian ask you to subscribe.
It's uh
&gt;&gt; that is a fantastic game, by the way.
&gt;&gt; It probably is. And if subscribing is
just too much work, give me money. Uh I
do appreciate uh my patrons on Patreon,
my channel members on YouTube, and my uh
subscribers on X, all of whom contribute
a small amount each month to make trips
like Nepal happen, like China happen,
like the upcoming trip to Ethiopia.
What a weird thing for me to do. But
people do not know the electrification
story there, and it is a big one. So,
thank you guys so much.
Hey. Uh, a single Tesla Model Y appeared
on the company's Canadian inventory page
on Monday. As in
they're sold out. Is that what I'm
hearing?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what it's telling you is
that every vehicle that's being shipped
in from China and from Germany are being
sold immediately.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So that uh is that means there's a
lot of opportunity for market growth for
Tesla inside of Canada.
&gt;&gt; Just like you're experiencing in the
United States with higher gasoline
prices, we're experiencing that here as
well. And uh in fact, we are paying even
higher prices than US uh consumers are.
And that is allowing a lot of people to
say maybe I should be looking at
alternatives to gasoline for my next new
vehicle. And they're doing it.
&gt;&gt; And they're doing it, which is the crazy
part. Interestingly, when you're talking
about some of the models in Canada, uh
would you believe that I saw at the auto
show in Nepal an MG pickup truck?
&gt;&gt; I saw I saw the video. Yes.
&gt;&gt; What are you talking about? Okay. I
mean, it looks great. It look I mean, it
checks the boxes. I Yep.
&gt;&gt; can't speak to the reliability, but
these but MG has been selling in Europe
for a number of years now. So, uh, okay.
&gt;&gt; It's it's a functional pickup. Um, and
it's again, the market is looking for
these options. Why not make it? Because
there's not many of them. And if you're
the only one or the one of two, you're
going to get some pretty good sales out
of that.
&gt;&gt; Yes, you're going to get some sales. MG
is not a a gigantic brand. They are
definitely scrapping for every sale they
can get. So, uh, but I wanted to talk to
you about what may be the most important
homegrown Canadian vehicle that is
electric. I'm talking, of course, about
this Canadian military EV motorcycle.
Has an old front end and three swappable
batteries.
What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Until this video, I've never seen this
bike.
Which branch did you serve in?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. This is um but but again this
is built for specifics. This is built
for missions where they can't fail. They
want to be quiet. And uh as the battery
mentioned, swappable gives you a high
reliability of being able to get there
and get back because you've got easily
don't have to charge it. You just swap
the battery and you're ready to go.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. They're light, they're agile,
they're quiet. Uh they check a lot of
boxes for what you would need as a
military vehicle,
&gt;&gt; reconnaissance,
&gt;&gt; forward line type vehicle. Uh, they're
not full of sploaty juice prone to
combusting all over you. That's helpful.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; um Yeah. So, I think it's fun. I think
it's fun and uh cool and I'm sad that
you had to hear about it from me. Mark,
there were three questions last week
that uh came in. We don't normally
address questions on this show. Uh, but
on this show I wanted to ask you because
RA Monold uh made a a great question. I
answered it at the best of my ability.
I'll share my answer in a minute. And
RA, if you're watching, I may be out on
the Oregon coast in the middle of
October. Let me know if you want me to
swing by and say hello. Maybe we can
grab lunch or something. Not a joke,
genuine query. With so many auto
rellated factories now closed and
thousands of experienced workers
available, why doesn't Canada support
the launch of a nearly 100% made in
Canada vehicle? fuelpowered EV type
sedan, SUV pickup, delivery van. I mean,
I don't get it. Your prime minister has
done well in propping up unemployed
workers with subsidies. Why not hire
them to make vehicles?
&gt;&gt; I I agree. Uh this is something that
would be great if it would work, but
it's the scale that is the problem.
&gt;&gt; Uh Canadians of course are not buying uh
you know, tens of millions of vehicles.
We buy about uh 2 million vehicles a
year and those are all the vehicles. So
having a single or a couple of brands
that or models is not going to be able
to sell enough of them to make that
factory productive unless that factory
could export those vehicles to other
places. Uh typically the United States
at this point where we we we export a
lot of our vehicles but with a 25%
tariff currently in place that makes it
a non-go crossing the border. Yes, we
could reach out to other markets and I
know the prime minister's office and
others are trying to find others that
could maybe ship to Europe or ship to
South America or Mexico or other places.
&gt;&gt; Mexico, you already have the trade deal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's why you're still getting the
Blazer and uh
&gt;&gt; Equinox.
&gt;&gt; Equinox. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's it's something that could
happen but the economics are troublesome
when it comes to volume right now.
&gt;&gt; So that's the answer I had as well as I
said the market just can't absorb enough
vehicles. Uh Canada has been a strong
ally to the US for manufacturer of parts
but also completed vehicles and uh it
was a really great marriage uh until it
wasn't. I wish you guys wouldn't use
mandate so much in your discussions.
Mark, by the way, he doesn't mean us
having a mandate, you and me. Uh, but I
mean, if you're available, just let me
know. Anyway, uh, a tax break is an
incentive, not a mandate. Requiring a
set amount of vehicles from
manufacturers is a mandate, but when the
requirements along the lines of 20 30%,
it's not an ownorous one to me. So, are
we using the wrong term?
&gt;&gt; We we use the mandate sometimes because
of course it's called that in the media.
Yes, it's not really a mandate. And
Brad, I agree with your points here, but
uh there are for ease of use sometimes
it's being used. We'll try to watch that
as we go forward.
&gt;&gt; Uh and Mark, you will be required to
correct me because I'm not as familiar
with the terminology used in Canadian um
you know, policies. In Canada, fuel for
an EV can cost less than zero with
charger rewards programs. Get paid more
per kilowatt hour than it costs. Better
than free. Oh, what's doublen talking
about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, recently the uh Canadian
government has opened up the ability for
third parties to collect information on
people that are charging their EVs at
home in mass. So, if you have a Wi-Fi
enabled charger at your house, it can
collect the information of how much you
charge. they will combine that with
other citizens of the area, put it into
a spreadsheet and submitted to the
government for a um a rebate, and that
rebate is then broken up and sent back
out to the citizens. So, at this point,
you're getting somewhere between 10
cents a kilowatt and 13 cents a kilowatt
in uh this rebate program that um really
your charge at night might be costing
you 10 11 cents a kilowatt. So, yes, in
some cases if you charge at night at the
off peak rate, you could be receiving
more than you're putting in your
vehicle. Mhm. Now before the pedants
jump in and remind us that uh you mean
kilowatt hours mark, I will remind them
that you know exactly what he meant. And
when I go to the when I go to the power
company, I asked them about my power
usage and they told me how many
kilowatts I used. They didn't tell me
how many kilowatt hours. And I didn't
say my hose from the street of
electricity juice isn't that thick.
because we both knew what we meant. Uh
so pretty please with a cherry on top.
We get it. Uh we're just using the
language how the language is used. Hey
guys, uh what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? I don't know. Beats me.
Uh leave it in them comments below. Uh
you know, obviously I'm reading them.
Everyone else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots. Perhaps one of these
Wednesdays in the live stream over on
the Tesla Life link in the description.