Channel:     electrified
Title:       This Is a Huge Change for Tesla ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgfwhmthV6w
Published:   2026-08-06 22:01 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-06 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. First of all, let's clear
the air about this video Meet Kevin just
made about SpaceX. The TLDDW, he was
effectively trying to imply that because
Google owns a stake in both SpaceX and
Anthropic and meaningful stakes at that.
That is the reason why Google and
Anthropic are willing to pay over market
rates for the data centers, specifically
Colossus 1 and 2, that SpaceX has built.
and he was arguing it's creating this
closed circular economy where they're
all benefiting each other. But one, I
think that falls flat on its face
because Anthropic has zero incentive to
pay more than the going rate for compute
because it does not own any SpaceX. And
from Google's standpoint, you have to
ask yourself the question, would they
really overpay market rates just with
the hope that the stock price will go up
so they can what? Temporarily show
bigger gains on their financials while
they own SpaceX stock. I really don't
think that argument holds any water
because that's money Google is spending
that they need to generate an ROI on.
Whereas any hypothetical increase in
SpaceX stock would just be that
hypothetical. And Kevin's primary
argument for casting doubt on this
SpaceX model was this chart right here
where he was calling SpaceX's figures an
anomaly. But when you understand the
context, it's really not. The chart
shows us the build cost per megawatt in
terms of millions of dollars. SpaceX
coming in at 2.7 million with all of the
competition over $10 million. And the
next column is the annual revenue per
megawatt in millions with SpaceX at $30
million and the rest of the competition
is under $4.6 million which would give
SpaceX a revenue to cost ratio of over
11 where everyone else is under.3
which yes on the face makes it seem like
an anomaly. So you have to ask what's
going on here. And look, in the video,
Meet Kevin did very quickly gloss over
this point that the SpaceX figure, the
$2.7 million per megawatt, that number
was for the brownfield sites of Colossus
1 and 2, where SpaceX used existing
buildings where the power infrastructure
was already largely in place. So,
comparing that figure to the
competition, which was largely green
field sites, meaning brand new locations
where you have to do all of the
permitting and new construction and new
interconnects. the process that can take
a long time and is still quite costly,
especially given construction costs
right now. That is the primary reason
these SpaceX figures look so good
because in a sense it's comparing apples
to oranges. And maybe most importantly,
this chart entirely leaves out the cost
of GPUs, which as we should know is one
of the biggest cost components for these
AI data centers when you consider all of
the scale. And so when it comes to the
revenue that these companies are able to
get, it's going to boil down to the
performance of the chips. And so all of
that context and nuance is nowhere on
this chart. Now, in fairness, Kevin does
actually bring up some important points.
It's nothing we haven't talked about
here. One, they have these 90-day
rolling cancellations. So these deals
that SpaceX has signed with Anthropic
and Google and others. So this is not
guaranteed revenue for the long term.
And Kevin actually made a point I made
the other day in that SpaceX is spending
a majority of its spend on this AI
buildout. Nothing to do with rockets,
nothing to do with space. And so part of
the reason companies like Anthropic and
Google have been paying these high rates
to SpaceX is because they're in a
transitory period themselves. They're
busy trying to build out their own
frontier level data centers, typically
via the green field route, which as we
know just takes time. So, it's an open
question. How durable are these CSAs
going to be for SpaceX? That's a very
fine point that Kevin made. But for him
to try to make the argument that SpaceX
is a scam, which was in the thumbnail,
because of this one number that appeared
to be an anomaly on the surface, and
because Google has an investment stake
in SpaceX, just doesn't carry water. So,
simply put, the demand for these
frontier training and inference clusters
is still outrunning any reliable supply.
and SpaceX just solved that deployment
time problem faster than everyone else,
which is why the market is paying for
it. But the question Kevin posed that
was fair was whether this will translate
into green field setups that will
maintain such attractive returns or
whether the rates they're getting will
compress and these deals might get
cancelled in a short-term nature as
Anthropics in Google's own builds come
online over time along with any other
companies that might be considering some
of this frontier compute. And very
importantly, just remember not all data
centers are created the same. So what
SpaceX has large coherent clusters of
the newest Nvidia generation, some GB2
and 300s, the availability of that level
of compute is still very scarce today.
So Kevin did raise some important
questions. Hopefully that was enough
clarity to understand what's going on.
But for Kevin to argue this SpaceX model
is a scam because of that anomaly number
and because Google is invested in SpaceX
to me is just ridiculous. But yes, there
is plenty of risk in this business model
given how fast things are changing.
Speaking of that, it's now official.
Tesla said Terraab will be built in
Grimes County, Texas. In April, we broke
ground on a research fab on the north
campus of Giga Texas, the precursor to
Terraab. Both Tesla and SpaceX will need
far more chips than current and future
global production can supply. This is
why we're building the largest chip
manufacturing facility ever with the
goal of producing over 1 terowatt of
compute per year. And if you haven't
seen it, just enjoy this short video
render that Tesla and SpaceX shared.
Heat. Heat.
Possibly
my favorite piece of media these
companies have ever put out. SpaceX said
its growing Texas footprint alone has
already generated more than 56,000
direct and indirect jobs, over 28
billion in estimated economic impact
since 2024, and hundreds of millions in
indirect tax revenue since 2024. But
this right here is the huge change for
Tesla. They said the initial phase of
Terapab is estimated to require about
16.8 8 billion in capital investments
from SpaceX and Tesla with potential
future expansion phases bringing total
investment much higher. The facility
will employ at least 3,000 people, many
of whom will be from Grimes and nearby
Brazos County. Continuing the trend of
our other Texas sites where between 60
and 80% of new hires are local
residents. Right now, it's not clear if
this is 16.8 billion from Tesla and
SpaceX each or 8.4 4 billion each. But
either way, let's take the latter and
say it's 8.4 billion from Tesla. That's
8.4 billion more than we were expecting
yesterday. So listen guys, ultimately
this Terrafab project is going to fly
over a $100 billion capex investment
over the next few years, meaning it's
hands down the biggest project that
SpaceX andor Tesla will ever have worked
on. And now they're doing it together.
So the signs for this merger acquisition
could not be any stronger right now. And
so now we likely know why Tesla has
prepared a debt facility of up to $30
billion. Not that they've taken it out
yet, but they put it in place. And this
news is likely a big reason for that.
Now, at this point, it's not explicit
whether this potential $8 billion is
included in Tesla's expected $25 billion
capex spend this year, but I think
there's a good chance it's not included
because on the Q1 call, they didn't say
anything about the actual Terraab. only
mentioned the research semiconductor fab
in Austin and Elon said Tesla would be
building the research fab at Giga Texas
something around a 3 billion initiative
and later he said SpaceX is going to
take care of the initial phase of the
scaled up terra fab that's what we
figured out thus far so at that point it
seemed like SpaceX would cover that
initial phase of just under $17 billion
but today we learned that Tesla will
also be footing that bill to some degree
and on the jobs number for that 3,000
figure. Elon said that number will be
much higher over time. That's just the
first year or so. So, of course, this is
incredible for American manufacturing
and supply chain security and jobs and
economic creation. All of that should go
without saying, but more practically, we
have so many questions like what will
the revenue breakdown look like for
SpaceX and Tesla? Who will get what a
lotment of chips and when? So far more
questions than answers and this will be
a decade plus type of project. But it's
now official. One of the most incredible
manufacturing sites is set to be right
here in Texas. Now Elon did say my very
approximate guess is that Terraab AI
compute output would be around 25% for
Tesla Optimus and around 75% for AI
spacecraft. So, at least for now, it
might be fair to assume that AI5 is all
Tesla is expecting to need in the
vehicles since that will be coming from
TSMC and Samsung. Meaning for Tesla
vehicles to do what they need to do,
they might not need anything from the
Terapab. Now, obviously, this is all
subject to change. But this math right
here means 0% for Tesla vehicles, which
again means we should have all kinds of
questions. If SpaceX and Tesla are not
going to join forces, then we need to
know how much is Tesla contributing and
why and what are they getting in return
and when and so on. And sure, maybe this
post from Elon means Tesla would only
have to pony up about $4.2 billion, 25%
of that initial stake. But again, we
just have more questions than answers
right now. Tesla said Mega Pac 3 is
officially rolling off the line at our
newest Megaactory in Brookshshire,
Texas. The factory went from
groundbreaking to operation in 16 months
and has a design capacity of 50 gawatt
hours per year dedicated to Mega 3. So,
it'll be interesting to see how quickly
production of Mega Pac at le switches
over to the Mega 3. And with Mega Pac 3
now in production, we should see Mega
Block right around the corner, which
will include up to four of these Mega
Pac 3s with those medium voltage
transformers and the switch gear built
in. Tesla said, "Our goal is for no
Tesla battery to end up in a landfill.
Across our US operations, we're
recovering more than 90% of key battery
materials like nickel and cobalt from
cells that we recycle.
&gt;&gt; None of our scrap batteries are sent to
landfills. What traditional recycling
processes do is that they mix batteries
from different sources in the industry
into crude black mass which is comprised
of nickel, cobalt, lithium, and
graphite. And that's then sold on the
open market. It leads to variable
recovery rates and down cycling of
critical materials. At Tesla, we do it
differently.
&gt;&gt; Battery scrap generated at Tesla's
manufacturing lines or in end of life
vehicles are sent to dedicated
facilities in Nevada and Texas. At these
facilities, the battery materials are
carefully disassembled and mechanically
processed to produce slack mass and
other high-v value products. These
products are then returned to battery
supply chains where they are processed
into new batteries. Here in Nevada, we
processed around 3,000 metric tons of
material this past year, which is
equivalent to around 9,000 Model Y
rearwheel drive vehicles of material.
Our Texas recycling facility is expected
to process around 3,000 metric tons of
material this year. Our recycling
operation is super important because
we're able to secure our battery
material supply chain, lower the cost of
our products, reduce dependency on mines
in North America, and overall lower
greenhouse gas emissions for the supply
chain. By 2030, our recycled material
output will rival the output of mines in
North America.
&gt;&gt; I'll say that again for people in the
back. By 2030, they're expecting their
recycling to rival the output from mines
in North America. When it comes to the
legal battle for Tesla trying to get
some of its Cybert truck production
parts from this company, Angstrom, Tesla
just won an order allowing it to recover
its custom equipment from the factory it
was claiming was holding it for ransom.
The problem is the owner of that factory
immediately declared bankruptcy,
hindering the turnover of the equipment.
And now we have lawsuits filed by both
sides with each alleging the other is
not living up to agreements. And for
what it's worth, Angstrom is arguing
that Tesla's Cybertruck volume fell
short of expectations. And in Angstrom's
lawsuit, they said Cybertruck sales have
been extraordinarily disappointing and
to the extent there's a customer
backlog, Angstrom denies it consists of
public consumers, but is instead a
backlog of vehicles purchased by Tesla's
affiliates. So maybe they were referring
to SpaceX here. So Tesla was about to be
allowed to go get the equipment, but
then this bankruptcy caused an automatic
stay. So, it's still a mess as of today.
Abby Manu shared that Tesla's
unsupervised robo taxi is now running at
night in Austin, but as far as we can
tell, it might only be until around 9 or
9:30 depending on the day. He also said
these cars are still not taking the
highways, and it is true there are still
supervised rides taking place in Austin.
In some potentially very exciting news,
some Tesla owners are now getting a big
navigation update. Now, is this going to
be the one that magically cures all of
FSD's navigation issues? We have no
idea, but we can hope. Today, Ford said
its midsize electric truck will have a
starting price of $28,350
and be called the Fathom. Pre-orders for
the five passenger truck will begin
early next year. Customer deliveries are
expected to begin later in 2027, and
officially they have not revealed the
look of the truck. This will be the
first vehicle on Ford's new universal
electric vehicle platform, the UEEV.
Ford said the goal for the UEEV platform
is for each vehicle built on the system
to be profitable within one year of
launching and to be cost competitive
with global EV leaders from China and
Tesla. And the Fathom will be built
using the company's new assembly tree
manufacturing process at its Louisville
assembly plant in Kentucky. And yes,
assembly tree is going to be a play on
the unboxed method. I heard you guys
loud and clear on the stock prices at
the end of the video, so I will keep
those in. Thank you for all of the
feedback. And going forward, knowing how
much interest there is in it, I might
add some more color over time. But for
today, Tesla closed at $319.53,
down 63%. And SpaceX, on a day when most
were expecting a very red day, given the
share unlock, closed at $114.92,
up 6.14%.
And many of you will have heard me say
it before. Usually when everybody is
expecting one thing to happen, the
opposite happens in the markets. And
this all happened today with the NDX
down.39%.
I hope you all have a wonderful day and
a huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.