Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Optimus Is SECRETLY Preparing For Launch
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgPlZmuVcfg
Published:   2026-08-25 18:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-25 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Optimus. And that's a little weird
because a year ago we all agreed that
Tesla Optimus is probably the greatest
product that will ever roam the face of
the earth. Of course, there is a greater
product than that, which is the AI
satellites by SpaceX, but they don't
roam the face of the earth. So, Optimus
will retain that position. Now, why are
we not talking about Optimus? And why is
everyone seemingly ignoring this
greatest of all products? Especially
given the fact that Tesla is now all in
into building this giant giant 10
million Optimus per year manufacturing
page uh not page uh site site and the
great tech is providing us with his
latest insight. Let me just dim down the
sound of the campus of the Optimus
Factory. Look at this. This started in
March this year. Here's April. And you
see the time lapse how they're building
out this giant 10 million Optimus
factory. How it's growing and growing.
Here's 13th of May, 27th of May, and you
will keep seeing this time lapse of this
giant factory being built. So seemingly
something is going on with Tesla and
people wonder what these people are
doing. I reported also in December last
year here on Pioneer Lands that Tesla
has secured supplier contracts for up to
70,000 Optimus end of this year at least
in terms of supply cap capability from
China. All the different actuators and
whatever goes into an Optimus. So they
are ramping up and spending real money
and committing real capital to a giant
supply chain while they are also
building up this huge huge site. And so
that leaves us as investors
wondering what is going on. Is Tesla
even developing anything? Is this all
fake news? Are they doing a bluff here
or what is going on? And we now today
got news from someone some people like
and some other people don't like him.
But let's take a look into what Jason
Calanis says because he just visited the
Optimus factory and he has some real
things to say we should listen to. I
want you guys to listen to that because
there is a new insight here that Jason
is presenting. I saw one of the latest
Optimus demos. I teased it at the
beginning of the show. Can't say what I
saw, but I can tell you what I saw is
better than anything I just saw at these
uh World Games. Optimus is going to be
the greatest product ever made by
humanity. It is next level. It's being
built by Tesla. You know, they ripped
out the Model X and the Model S factory
lines and they're building these.
Optimus is going to if Optimus came to
these games, I would predict Optimus
wins
35 of 51 contests.
&gt;&gt; I mean, what what specific like why what
puts Optimus so far ahead of like Unitry
or or Exhumoid or these companies that
were showing off at Beijing? I think you
know in addition to the hardware that I
think is one and a half generations
beyond these I think the brain is like
five generations behind these. This is
not to diss anything happening in China.
They're building legit. By the way,
let's look into what he's talking about
here. Uh he is talking about these games
that you probably have seen on X in
China. So, China has these crazy robot
games now where they have this
competition where robots, you know, go
through these obstacle courses. They do
fast running. They do all kinds of
things here. And, you know, you see this
giant competition in China between all
kinds of robot factories, robot robot
manufacturers. And Jason says, "This is
all child's play compared to the great
Tesla Optimus." That's what he's saying.
and he says Optimus is 1.5x to 2x ahead
in terms of hardware and what it can do
or generations ahead. And in terms of
brain,
he says, I don't know if Jason's an
expert in that, but he has seen what's
actually going on.
Uh he has actually seen what's going on.
He says,
&gt;&gt; but I think Optimus is going to be the
greatest selling product in the history
of humanity. will sell and provide more
value than the iPhone. I would say
iPhone is the greatest product made in
the history of humanity. Um, up until
this point in terms of popularity,
usage, you know what I'm saying, Alan,
like utility to the you know, you could
say the smartphone, but if you had to
pick of the smartphones, right,
&gt;&gt; you would say iPhone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
of the robots optimists.
I will guarantee you we will be sitting
here in 10 years and there will be one
billion optimuses in the world.
&gt;&gt; I didn't say 1 million. I didn't say 10
million. I didn't say 100 million. I
said 1 billion.
&gt;&gt; So Jason Calakana says obviously Jason
is not an expert in these things but he
predicts 1 billion 1 billion Optimus
robots by 2036. By the way, Pioneerlands
base case that you can now check out
starting tomorrow, I think, in
pioneerance.org. If you're a citizen, we
will have the full Tesla model, the
updated, very polished, very refined
latest Tesla stock model up where you
see all the different scenarios and
projections. We are projecting
roughly half a billion Optimus robots by
2040 in the base case. So we are pretty
conservative compared to freaking Jason
here. But Jason is not completely crazy
in our bull case. We also get close to
not a billion by 2036. I think we get
roughly to two billion by 2040. So he
would be even more bullish than our bull
case. But our base case also predicts
half a billion Optimus robots by 2040
which is more than enough to make us
very happy as shareholders if that
happens. But the news here is that Jason
just visited this plant. That is what he
where is he where he is ahead of me and
you and everyone that he just saw what's
going on there. He has seen with his own
eyes through his beautiful glasses what
is going on in the Tesla factory in the
Optimus factory in Palo Alto where they
produced or no in in Fremont uh where
they produced the model S and X ripped
it out put in Optimus. So this is the
mini line, not what we just saw, the big
manufacturing for 10 million, but the
current line. And what Jason saw makes
him believe that there is no one in the
world who can compete that Optimus right
now as we speak is ready and absolutely
killing it. I mean, I hope not killing
it. You know what I mean? Doing very
well as a product and that this thing
will absolutely dominate everything. And
I think
&gt;&gt; I think there'll be 1 billion Optimus
robots in
20.
&gt;&gt; That is interesting.
&gt;&gt; 36.
&gt;&gt; Wow. I will say this. I don't always see
eye to eye with Elon in terms of
branding. Like the Tesla robo taxi cyber
cabs you see driving around Austin with
that weird cursive like punk rock font.
Like I don't like it. In terms of
branding, not for me. But
&gt;&gt; Optimus as the name for your robot. 10
out of 10. the the best possible the
best possible name. What could make you
feel better about owning a robot than
having it be named after pop culture's
number one kindest and most uh respected
robot?
&gt;&gt; Any new company needs to focus on their
c.
&gt;&gt; We don't need that. So, a clear extreme
endorsement
of
of Optimus.
Uh and I think that counts for something
regardless of what you think. Some
people are Jason Calakan's fans. Some
people are critical of him. Uh I think
he's okay. Uh but the point here is that
he just visited the factory and that we
should take this very seriously. Someone
who just saw this who's familiar with
robots. He's saying of the all-in crew,
I'm sure he looked at other humanoid
robots and he's saying Optimus is
tremendously far ahead of the Chinese
robots and the Chinese robots are ahead
of everyone else. I think that says
something and it's also in line with
what I would expect. We know how
important Optimus is. We know we don't
get any demos here. We will get the
final product when it's ready, which
will be next year in my opinion. And
then we will go all out because once you
demo or once you show the robot, Unity
sell tens of thousands of them right
away to stay ahead of the competition.
So that is very very interesting.
Uh
I know Max Came says uh that Calican has
invested $25,000 in Uber at a $5 million
valuation and made 4,000x his money.
That is his claim to fame. Exactly. And
his second claim to fame is
that he is on the All-In podcast and has
important friends. So
that is very interesting and I do think
I do think we are underestimating this.
Of course Tesla doing terrible today as
always as a stock. We know it's not
getting anywhere. It dropped like crazy
yesterday. I'm not happy about it. I am
all in right now. Very tactically and
synthetically levered. I mean I'm doing
pretty well right now but yesterday this
drop was bad and I would expect a little
stronger recovery today. Let's see what
happens because we have robo taxi launch
or cybercap launch coming up September
3rd next week and I do think and I do
expect strongly that we go back to 380
plus and the question is just what games
will the stock play with us should we
stay down here at 360 370
I don't even think it's going to be a
sell the news event if we go back to 400
420 it's pretty much guaranteed to be a
sell the news event You have to look at
these things big picture. And of course,
Optimus is not going to move the needle
for the stock today or next week or
anytime soon. For us, Optimus provides
alpha by following the Optimus
developments and understanding better
than anyone else what is actually
happening. And I have extremely high
conviction that Optins launches next
year, that this launch will be very
serious and not a demo, that this launch
will be commercial, and that Tesla plans
to leaprog the market and push robots
hardcore into the market sometime next
year, and that these giant factory will
be ready probably by the end of next
year, this 10 million Optimus capacity
factory. So
you understand how it works. If you want
to generate alpha, you have to look at a
stock like SpaceX or a stock like Tesla.
Even a stock like Micron or Nvidia, but
SpaceX and Tesla are special. You have
to look at the stock from multiple
angles. You have to have multiple balls
in the air per stock. You need to
understand for Tesla what is the core
business doing? What is energy doing?
What is Roboaxi Cyber Cap doing? And
what is Optimus doing? And you need to
understand when these things will hit
their own inflection points that you put
on a timeline and understand when these
inflections likely happen. And that
gives you the catalyst. And then you
understand what each catalyst does to
the stock. And then you look at the
stock at 352 and understand this thing
is absolutely ridiculously undervalued
and will hit inflection points. In my
opinion, absolutely guaranteed in the
next six months on Cyber Cap and the
next 18 months. if you say guaranteed on
Optimus. So there you have it. That is
my take on the Optimus situation.
Important update. We should not forget
about these things even though CyberCap
is all the rage right now. Even though
not for the stock, but for us. Let's see
what everyone is saying. Let's go into
the comments.
We have Droid back on the stream. Droid,
welcome. Uh, we have Episo.
Well done with the sound. Thank you. I
shut it down. We have Tesla Q. I hope
not Tesla Q. Uh,
what? And then Geod is asking, "What is
it going to take for Tesla finally
increase in price?" I think it will
increase in price
now. That's what I think. I think we go
up $30. If you if you need to know my
bet, which is an literal bet, I think we
go up $30
probably this week,
but latest next week.
Uh, and then we have to see how it goes.
I think between 380 and 400, I'm not too
concerned about sell the news. We
probably take a little bit of a hit.
over 400, it will be a harder sell than
news probably, unless Tesla does
something tremendous and deploys like
200 cyber caps, which I don't think they
will.
Uh,
he has Trevor Milton vibes. Yeah, you
might be right. He's talking about Jason
Calicanis, but he's just a podcast at
this point. um
be like Tesla where they can do over the
air updates. Who
uh I hope Optimus delivers. China is far
ahead right now. Well, according to
Jason, China is behind and I do think
China is behind to be totally frank. I
think Tesla is leading that race. Why do
I think that Tesla is very competent and
Optimus has an absolute super high
priority? Everything in Tesla that Elon
has worked on is Terrafab and Optimus.
I'm pretty sure about that. I think
CyberCap is a done deal. He's not even
focusing on that because it's behind
him.
It's already done. Uh Droid says, "I'm
confident, but I totally understand the
concerns to hopefully just not a scaling
game, but rather a Tesla technology
software advantage."
I mean, these things are obviously
complicated. Look at what they did with
Grockbot. Look how they dominate the
whole thing. In case you didn't notice,
like Crockpot is absolutely killing it
because they're smart cookies. And that
is why I'm so bullish on Tesla Optimus.
This is a non-trivial problem to solve.
Not just a technological problem, but
also a product problem. You have to
understand what you build these things
for. Uh Tesla power business growing
really fast. That is not surprising
given the power situation
on Earth. So
I do think that is absolutely correct.
We have Tesla nerdy. Hi from Sweden. Do
you believe in a SpaceX merger? I bought
some SpaceX increase. If not, and if so
when? I think the SpaceX merger is
happening earliest next year. That's
just my take. Who knows? But it's just
too complicated to do the merger short
term. I think it's happening next year
or maybe the year after. I don't think
anyone needs to be in a rush. I think it
will absolutely happen. I think SpaceX
will absolutely be killing it after
December. They have some unlock problems
and you know selling pressure,
but I think they will do very well next
year on terrestrial compute and then
they will do very well on Space AI
here just tuned in. Thoughts on Nvidia
earnings coming up tomorrow. We have we
have Nvidia earnings. Well, I don't have
any specific opinions on Nvidia.
Obviously, they're going to kill it.
Obviously, they're going to beat.
Obviously, everything will be amazing.
But to try to play Nvidia earnings based
on market sentiment and everything,
that's a fool's errand in my opinion
with a stock of that much of a high
profile. Normally, I never play
earnings. I only went out of Tesla
before these earnings because of the
greater market circumstance where it was
pretty clear to me this cannot go well
and it didn't.
If anything on Nvidia, I would say
they're continuously making rapid
progress. Uh, and they're a little
undervalued right now. I mean,
fundamentally they're very undervalued,
but Nvidia is also not doing too well.
When you look at the six months chart,
look at this. They were at a high at 230
uh in May. They didn't go anywhere after
this Ashen Brena debacle here. They were
had a ridiculously 190. I can't even
believe this. And now they're raing back
and then they fell back. So on a chart
level, it's likely that Nvidia should go
up because it's too much down. Uh I mean
the earnings won't have too many
surprises. It's going to be all amazing.
And then depending if the people want to
sell it or not, they're going to decide
the narrative. And since it's not very
high, I don't think they want to sell
it. So, they're going to say fine, they
beat, make it neutral, make it go up a
little bit. That's my best guess because
honestly, there won't be much surprises.
So, then it's up to the market. If Tes
if if Nvidia would be at 230, I would
say it's definitely going down after
earnings because they're going to spin
it like, oh, whatever, capex or some
stupid stuff. But down here, I would be
cautiously bullish on earnings, but I'm
not play I I am I I am actually playing
it now that I think about it. I have
some short puts just because of high
premiums, but a very small little bet
because I can't stop myself. Small bet.
Elon, hold on to your stock. Well, not
surprisingly, Elon says that. Mini Co
says, "Hi, you." Hello Mini cool
crypto practor says merger next year dog
and pony show on the third 3rd which
will provide another oh the 3rd
September 3rd Nvidia is due to pop. Yeah
I'm betting on a slight pop. Actually I
sold 27.5
short puts. So as long as it stays over
27 I win.
Optimum is going to wipe my ass, Matt
Vog, so I don't have to go to the
nursing home early. Well, hopefully AI
also creates some, you know,
fountain of youth so you don't have to
go to the nursing home anytime soon, but
once you're there, yes, Optimus is going
to be waiting for you.
I've been holding Tesla at 433 since
last November. Is it ever going to reach
my average again?
If I had to make a bet, I would say you
reach your average again soon.
Did you just pronounce your name as yo?
Yo,
Joe. I had a discussion with Herbert
today. He said I should I should say
Johannes. He likes Johannes better than
Joe. Johannes is my actual name. Uh,
he says, "Joe sounds too uh too regular
and I should use my real name because it
sounds so fancy."
Um,
pop means drop or go up.
Uh, go up. I think what did he say?
Pop normally means go up. If I had to
make a bet, Nvidia goes up at earnings,
but it's a low conviction call. So,
Johannesburg exactly.
So, that is the situation. Let's look at
the pathetic little Tesla performance
today. Where are we?
Oh, it's going up a little bit.
Whatever. Here we want a good way. I
want this thing to close at 360. That
would make me happy.
or 356. That's fine with me. I don't
think this thing, you know, it should be
very hard to drop this more, but who
knows? Tesla always knows how to
surprise us and to frustrate us.
Goes up 5% then ends the day negative
5%. Exactly. But as you know, I have my
uh thesis here that is very clear. Tesla
is hilariously undervalued given Cyber
Cap, given Optimus, given the whole
situation, given all-time highs, given
the history of the stock, you know,
technicalities of the stock market and
where the stock market is currently and
the entire situation, it is just
ridiculously undervalued. And instead of
complaining,
we should take advantage of that. You're
getting basically
at least my favorite stock discounted.
So I try to ride the bull
I hope the bull shows up of course.
So that's it for now. We keep it short.
Um and we will see what happens but
Optimus is coming. I remain extremely
bullish on Optimus. I think people have
forgotten like you need to connect the
dots. Elon is talking a lot. I
understand it. But Tesla is a very
mature and very smart company. if they
take actions beyond Elon's words like
scaling cyber cap, building out massive
manufacturing capabilities and for
Optimus. Do you want me to show to you
again the Optimus
situation? Like this is
nontrivial
that they're building out this giant
giant giant thing. You know
that this is a big deal that they're
building out this giant factory. Look at
this.
10 million capacity. You need to
understand that a company like Tesla is
not building a 10 million capacity
building. Oh, wait. What is going on?
They're not building this just out of
boredom. They are building it because
they think they are ready. Look at this.
They think they're ready when this thing
is being finished. And my estimate is
that this factory will be up and running
in absolutely latest Q4 2027. So let
that sink in. They could manufacture
thousands and ten tens of thousands
right now in Fremont, but they don't
want tens of thousands. They want 10
million and they are building it now and
they will have it in Q4 2027 ready to
rumble. Not 10 million but a million
easily. So
don't underestimate this whole
situation.
Optimus is two years out from changing
the stock price.
No, I think it's
15 months out from changing the stock
price.
Maybe even
less. 12 to 15 months.
Yeah, but even even if Matt Vog Vog
uh
if they release tens of thousands of
these things and people see them, I
don't know this is going to happen. Like
look at the factory. This factory is
built for commercial.
Not sure the stock will go up anytime
soon.
Maybe sell some for Bitcoin or Micro
Strategy. I have Bitcoin and I have
micro strategy.
When will we get a picture of Elon
overseeing all Optimus information like
the end of Star Wars Episode 2 when
Palpatin oversees his clone army?
Probably by 2028
when the end of the world is coming.
Okay, that's it for today. We know
what's going on. I will conclude it with
one last check of our favorite loser
stock. Just kidding. I have a lot of
Tesla, but I'm not happy with today. And
uh see you guys very soon.
Imagine thousands of Optimus BS rushing
into the Spanish border. That would be
cool. Like an invasion of Optimus and
they would then get like a psychological
they would all get these these liberal
women coming to the Optimus and cooking
them soup or something when they invade
the border.
Do you think we'll get an elita?
A elita. Is that a female robot?
Okay guys, now I have to wrap it up. I
have to go. But it was a pleasure to
welcome all of you. We didn't do the
round where everyone is from, but good
to see you guys. We continue tomorrow.
The age of AGI is here. Go to
pioneerens.org. By the way, we have
amazing things coming up, including the
Tesla model. Pioneer lens this week. A
massive additional update on the
website. But now, thank you guys. Be
cautious
of the Optimus robots and the cyber
caps.