Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Competitors Are Falling Behind
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MhdPilZF7c
Published:   2026-06-30 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-30 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What if the biggest Tesla story isn't
that Tesla's pulling ahead, but that
nearly every company once predicted to
beat Tesla is now falling behind? Years
ago, analysts published a famous chart
ranking Tesla near the bottom of the
autonomous driving race. Companies like
GM Cruz, Ford, Volkswagen, Bosch, Uber,
and dozens of others were supposed to be
the leaders. Today, many of those
programs have been shut down, scaled
back, or quietly abandoned. Meanwhile,
Tesla just keeps executing. Volkswagen
is reportedly ending its autonomous
driving partnership with Bose after
determining the technology wasn't
competitive with Tesla's FSD while
simultaneously cutting up to 100,000
jobs and closing factories. Uber no
longer offers way more rides in Phoenix.
And many of the companies once labeled
leaders have simply disappeared from the
conversation. At the same time, Tesla
continues expanding. Gigga Berlin is
increasing production to 7,500 vehicles
per week, hiring another 1,000 employees
and creating thousands more
manufacturing jobs. We also have new
sightings of the upcoming Model Y L
suggesting its US launch may be getting
closer. The race hasn't ended, but the
scoreboard looks very different from
what almost everyone predicted just a
few years ago. We got Jeff Lutz joining
us. He's an ex supply chain sea level
executive at several Fortune 100
companies like Google, Lenovo, and
Motorola, currently running his own
consulting firm. Welcome, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert.
How you doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing well and uh got a lot to cover
today because we're talking about
Tesla's full self-driving and robo taxi
and where it's leading. And more
importantly, let's talk about the
competitors. Whimo um has partnered with
Uber in multiple cities and in some
cities you would just download the Whimo
app directly but in some cities you
would download the Uber app and
sometimes when you order a rideill and a
Whimo will come for some reason in
Phoenix who said we're no longer going
to be available in Uber. Is this a sign
of things to come? Uh it says here this
is coming from an Uber website looking
for self-driving taxis in Phoenix,
Arizona, right? Um and you're supposed
to be available here, but now they are
not.
So
this is just a second signal, right?
There's this one and then about I don't
know a month ago, remember I think it
was a chief technology officer at Uber
was bad mouthing the Whimo people and
you're going aren't you guys partner?
Why would you say things like he was
saying at that time? What do you think's
happening, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, I I mean, I think this the race
for this space is is heating up? Cuz
once it's it's done well, it's it's
going to be bigger than what it
currently is today. Because when there's
enough of these robo taxis out there and
the cost structure is is right, people
are going to start replacing rides where
they would have gone and rented a
vehicle or where they've gone and
purchased a second or third vehicle for
their home and they're going to start
replacing it with robo taxi rides. So I
think one of the fallacies of the way
analysts have analyzed this space is
just taking the current ride share ride
hailing rates and just applying them to
robo taxi. I think it's going to be much
bigger and I think these companies know
that and they're really starting to vibe
for the space. The other thing this
tells me is that there's a margin grab.
There's there's something going on here
between these companies and this is why
I really like what Tesla's doing uh
which is owning the entire unit economic
stack of delivering the robo taxi
service. they're not outsourcing to
anybody else because these kind of
things typically happen which is like
hey margins get squeezed and all of a
sudden now potentially a business
relationship breaks down or becomes
strained. So who knows what's who knows
what's ultimately happening. We know
that Uber needs to work with a lot of
people to bring robo taxis uh to market
and we know that they've they've got
they've got the consumer they have the
current control of the consumer. The
question is is
there another product coming that will
replace it and and start start grabbing
it. We think that's going to be Tesla's
robo taxi because of its price and
availability. The biggest thing I
noticed, Herbert, when we were we were
in the Bay Area and traveling, it's just
there's not enough of these things. I
tried to call a Whimo, I couldn't get
one. There's situations I tried to call
a robo taxi uh from Tesla and I could
not get one. So, this space is still
very nent.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, Uber's stock price keeps
going up. People believe his their story
that, you know, we are going to be this
platform. People going to want to hire
human rideill and then autonomous ride.
We're going to partner with 20 plus
autonomous vehicle vendors. It's going
to become a commodity. We're going to be
the platform. And from what we look at
though, Whimo is really the only real,
you know, at scale, let's say 3,500.
Zuks has a few hundred. And then the
rest have tiny little numbers, 50s,
hundreds, less than 100. They're just
all in pilot stage. So I'm not sure what
Uber is going to do if they have a fight
with Whimo. And if the CTO of Uber
badmouths Whimo, I think that it's
because Whimo backed out. And I always
wondered if Whimo can offer a service in
a city without with just using their own
app, why did they try to partner with
Uber in certain areas? Maybe they're
testing to see if there's a value to
that. But I don't think there really is.
And that's why I think they're pulling
away.
&gt;&gt; Look, if we look at what's happened over
the last two years, Uber had this flood
of announcements with partnership. They
even partnered with GM Cruz within 90
days of G GM Cruz going out of business.
So, think about it. You're sitting down
at the table and you think you're
forging a partnership to use their their
vehicles on a ride share platform and
that you're telling me that teams didn't
have visibility within 90 days that the
plug was getting pulled. So, you're
right that they've created all of these
different partnerships and it's this
spattering of partnerships all over the
world. I I will correct one thing,
Herbert. Uh since in the last year,
Uber's stock is down 18% and it's down
so on a on a 12-month basis, it's down
18% on a year to date, it's down about 8
to 10%.
And so I don't think the market
necessarily I think the market is
actually starting to discount them a bit
with the rise of of robo taxi. And I
think I think Tesla is part of that.
every time you see some major kind of,
you know, really good Tesla news, Uber
takes a bit of a hit. I mean, the
market's way, I mean, it's a one day
thing, but the market's way up today and
Uber's down a percent and a half. And we
know um Tesla's having a or had a very
good Monday.
So, we'll we'll see what we'll see what
happens. Uh, but I I I I think there's a
realization forming that what Tesla is
doing isn't isn't a thing that's in the
lab anymore. It's actually they're
they're staged. They're get they're
putting the cars out in all these
different cities. They're getting ready
to launch. And I think Uber, I think
Whimo, I think some of these other
companies know what's about to hit them,
which is they're going to offer rides
and they're going to be at a much lower
price point and they're going to take a
ton of share and they're going to be
able to put a lot of cars out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't believe you, Jeeoff. I
don't think anything you said was real.
Um, take a look at this chart. This
chart tells me that Tesla is the worst.
They are the worst in strategy. They're
the worst in execution. Um, I mean,
they're at least not a follower. that
are still considered a challenger. But
according to this chart, GM is the
leader. Isn't what Mary Bar you led the
way again. Also, not not only electric
vehicles, but autonomy. Whimo is up
here. You got Volkswagen, Daimler, Ford.
Wow. All these legacy OEMs, they are the
leaders in autonomous self-driving. Then
you've got BYU over here, Toyota, Honda,
Uber is over here. Okay. And Apple was
over. And of course, this was several
years ago, so they called that one
right. I don't know, man. Take a look at
this chart.
&gt;&gt; I like how Apple's ahead of Tesla in
execution. Um, but I mean I I mean, you
know, the person that made this chart
didn't actually sign the chart because
this chart's been used over and over
again. And it's even been shared by the
bears of like, hey, look, like this,
somebody made some assessment of leaders
and Tesla's the, you know, the the
furthest out and in the worst uh
situation of everyone. And we see what's
happening. You're going to put some
stuff up here in a minute. Uh
that a lot of these companies made the
wrong it from the boardroom all the way
down from the engineer to the boardroom.
there there there's there has to be an
accountability issue here because in the
boardroom you're supposed to understand
and and I would say at the sea level
exec level you're supposed to understand
am I making this or am I buying this do
I have the assets do I have the
capability am I making it or am I buying
it and if you make one of those
decisions you have to be the steward of
that decision and pull it through all
the way to launch you can't just walk
away so a lot of these companies said
that hey we're going to make this And
you know, Bosch said they're they're
they're making it and they're going to,
you know, supply it to to Volkswagen. GM
said they're making it. Ford said
they're they're making it. And we've
seen basically this graveyard
uh building up of all these different
companies that have tried this and
realized
they can't get it to work at scale and
the cost structure doesn't work out. And
then when you actually meld those two
together of cost structure at volume
scale and the math doesn't work out.
Now, there's there's a company up here
that isn't profitable and has a decent
amount of cars out there, but they're
being funded
um fairly well both externally and and
with a rich parent company. But, you
know, this can only go on for so this
can only go on for so long. So, this
this should give a much much deeper
appreciation of why has it taken so long
for Tesla? This has been more than a
decade in the making. And you know this
I mean this this becomes a real thing
when there's many many thousands of robo
taxis out there giving rides which I
think will happen uh this year. So uh
and this chart needs to be redone
because a lot of these companies don't
even exist or they don't even have a
real effort. Finally, there's a question
of will they license, will they not
license? And I'm starting to see, and
first off, it felt obvious that they
should have at least started these
conversations and been down a path with
Tesla, but you realize how much of the
margin stack they're giving away uh by
making that decision. And it's almost
like you're not a company anymore if you
are buying this from your competitor who
you're you're directly you're directly
competing in in various regions with. So
I don't know these companies have to
figure this out because customers are
going to want these features and I think
Tesla's literally about to pull the cork
out on this and I think it's going to be
in a big way and we're starting to see
this in in vehicle sales and FSD uptake.
&gt;&gt; This chart was made many years ago.
You're right. it needs to be updated.
And of course, the person who made it
was uh purposely um you know not not
telling the truth. But the reason they
did it was GM owned Cruz and they said
they're the leaders. But actually what
happened GM Cruz actually had to shut
down and dissolve because there was a
major horrific accident. Now they have
since revived themselves but in a much
smaller way. They are no longer even
really active at this point but they're
kind of making waves that they're coming
back. Whimo clearly is out there.
They've got 3,800 cars active in 10
metro areas, but as we've been saying
that we don't know how they're going to
scale beyond that, but they're there.
Bosch, Daimler, Bosch is Mercedes, and
that's because they claim they were the
first level three. But of course, what
does level three mean? They only say you
can do it at certain segments of certain
highways, only under 40 miles per hour,
only if there's a lead car, only during
certain hours of the day. And yet they
were able to say, "We're level three."
Well, guess what happened? They're no
longer offering that because nobody used
it and it wasn't real and it really
wasn't useful. They dropped that. So,
you ask yourself, if they truly were so
far ahead, why would they drop that? And
then Volkswagen is uh considered to be
leader because they partnered with Bose
who was building this. Guess what?
No, there's several problems. They ended
their self-driving partnership with auto
supplier Bosch, part of a wider push to
cut costs and after Volkswagen
determined the technology was not
competitive with other self-driving
systems as Tesla's FSD. Okay, so they
that chart puts them at the top, but
reality is they're nowhere near. Uh they
also cut 100,000 jobs close up and
they're going to close up four factories
in Germany. So they are struggling here.
And then if you remember in 2025, this
is just June. Yes, June. This is not
that far away. A year ago, autonomous
driving, Volkswagen wants to overtake
Tesla. Volkswagen will launch the
autonomous ID a buzz ID buzz ad in 2026.
With that, it's hoping to overtake Tesla
in a traveler's taxi race. Wow.
Everybody thought they're here. Other
competitors are also getting involved in
this B billion dollar market. Omar says
they're still going to overtake Tesla
this year though, right? Elon, uh, oh,
and then, oh, you mean these guys, the
leader said they can't catch Tesla. This
has been obvious to many of us for
years. Thank you for Lincoln for sharing
this and reminding us about this. Elon
replied, guess not. And sometimes you
don't even know what to say. There's a
lot of if if you want to understand a
company like Tesla, I think you need to
to speak with people that understand AI
and autonomy and you need to speak with
people that understand engineering and
manufacturing because that's what the
company is. It's an engineering and
manufacturing juggernaut. It's an AI
juggernaut. And when you have analysts
that don't understand either of those
things or analysts that don't do the
homework and talk to those people who do
understand those things, you get some of
these absurd charts that what we saw and
you get this absurd commentary. They
just get hung up on this SAPE level.
That's SAPE is a level of automation
uh measurement that's not meaningful for
consumers. That's like me telling me,
it's like me telling you, Herbert, hey,
you know, your phone that you bought
last year, it's water uh its water
ingress rating was IP67. Now, the one
you bought this year was IPX68.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And I remember we were going through
these conversations. I'm like, why are
we even marking the box with this? Like,
we should be telling the people what
they they can actually do. The
certifications we we do, we can bury in
the manual, but we should tell people
like, what does this mean? This means
that it can be in your swimming pool for
for two hours for for 30 minutes under
uh under five feet. Those are the kind
of of of things that so the whole SAPE
level conversation
was the wrong it was and is the wrong
conversation. It's something that's
after the fact of the certification.
Tesla is focused on how do I get the
most number of miles done under auto
under under automation and that means
they got to build the product at the
right price point and offer the service
at the right price point. That's what
they're focused on. the Cruises, the
Fords, all these companies that that had
these other companies appended to them,
you know, with GM and so forth. They
were kind of like putting their heel
into a prototype and trying to push a
prototype out the door and just build a
lot of prototypes. Some of that was I
think some companies genuinely thought
if we could get more of these done and
when we get the scale, the cost will
take care of itself. And I think a a big
a big chunk of them were um were
companies that were actually just trying
to raise money and just saying look
there's this whole craze around
self-driving AI and automation and if I
get a product out there I I take uh
prospective investors and I let the
thing drive it on some you know some
markedup route then I can get some money
and some of it was a big was a big money
haul and I think a lot of people were
accusing Tesla of that as well but Tesla
hired the engineering, they built the
compute, and they did the real work to
get to a solution that we're about to
experience um this year. But we're are
experiencing now in our cars today.
&gt;&gt; And people were fooled, right? And they
see these uh competitors cars like
Whimos that are out there. Nobody's in a
car. So, and BU and and all the uh the
Chinese ones, they're out there. There
nobody in the car. Tesla does not have
that. Tesla does not have cars out
there. Robbo taxis, they've got handful
now, but of you know, six months ago,
they had none. these guys are the
leaders. What they don't realize is that
those cars had remote drivers. Or not
that they're not driving the car, but
they're remote supervisors. Well, Tesla
has millions of Teslas with remote with
with supervisors that are physically
there. They're, you know, not driving
the car. They refuse to believe that
that's the same thing. And then of
course uh this argument that um uh
that Tesla is uh you know the FSD is is
just not as good as these other uh
systems out there. It's just ridiculous.
So we'll have to uh follow that for
further. Jeeoff, what do you think is
going to happen now? I mean do you think
people will suddenly wake up? Do you
remember the analyst uh you were talking
about that the analyst who came out and
said that this is software and software
traditionally six months after Tesla
solves it everyone else will have it
it's a commodity 6 months he said and u
it doesn't matter let's say that is true
that is of course it's not true because
it's not software neural nets but let's
say it is true where are you going to
make those millions of cars are do you
have factories like Tesla has that's
making the cyber cabs Model Y's are they
producing us? And we don't know that,
but nobody seems to be caring about
that.
&gt;&gt; It's a gross um misunderstanding
of what's happening here. And the the
Tesla lead can be measured. I mean, you
you can't even you it's not a month's
thing. It's not a it's may not even be a
you maybe talking half decade, full
decade kind of thing. Um, I I I don't I
don't think it's going to be a full
decade in terms of in terms of a lead.
Um, but I I think it's it's measured in
many years because there's so many
pieces to this puzzle. We could spend a
whole other hour on it, but I and I
think Lars summarized it well in the
interview uh that we had about their
their manufacturing capability, their AI
capability
and you know the ability to to fuse
these things together. There there
aren't companies that that have all this
capability under one roof. There there
are companies that'll tell you that they
have this this capability, but when you
actually get someone, you sit them in a
chair and you have the conversation and
they can start spouting off these real
world cases of what they're doing and
how they're doing it, you can tell that
they're they're they're just in a
different league. So, the industry is in
the auto industry is in a bit of trouble
here. I Tesla's leading something here
that is probably kind of a once if this
works, which I think it will work. It's
kind of a once inundear thing of just a
transition to the automated production
line and now what's happening with robo
taxi. I do think it's going to change
the decision of do I buy that second
car, do I buy that third car, and in
some settings like do I buy a car at
all? And I think that's what Tesla is
actually going for in this case. And if
they crack that nut, they're gonna
there's a lot of people that are going
to be that this will drive the robo taxi
the cyber cap volume case through the
roof. So
t even Tesla's not 100% sure, but I
think they're they they're very
confident that this is not a small thing
for sure. The question is, is it big or
is it gigantic like never been seen
before kind of thing, but um
a lot of these companies got it wrong
and this is a very very very difficult
nut to crack. I go back to one more
quick thing just the the emergence of
the smartphone
and and and you really have to look at
how that played out in historical
retrospective. If you did it at the time
and like the time of the emergence,
you'd be like, "Oh, well, Apple shipped
an iPhone in 2008 and Motorola and
Google shipped the Droid in 2009 and now
they're they're there's only a year
difference. They're both smartphones.
They both have app stores. They both
have cameras. They both do really good
things. And but then all of a sudden you
realize as the story is playing out,
there's one with a captive audience with
much higher gross margin. And there's
another one that's just much higher
volume that went a different route. And
we'll have to see how this plays out.
But it it's it it could be very big.
again. And at the time of the emergence
of the smartphone, nobody knew like we
were in the hundreds of thousands and
million phase. We did not know it would
be hundreds of millions to a billion
units a year type phase.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, can you speak a little bit to um
the risk that Tesla is making if they
are now producing hundreds and hundreds
of cyber caps? We're physically watching
them. I think uh Xander I think he
posted something where he looked at the
VIN numbers and he figured that there's
like 850
I don't know you know we don't know how
many cyber cabs are out there but it's
no longer just 100 it's no longer just
200 probably around 800 maybe a thousand
I don't know but they're producing these
cyber cabs and uh would they would the
the risk that they're taking if if robo
taxi is not real if if this is not ready
for another year what would that do to
this company that has this factory that
they're producing this.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean the the good thing is Tesla
has a business. It looks like a growing
auto business right now that where they
can do 17 to 2 million units a year of
conventional vehicles and then sell the
FSD service. So, it's one of those
things where they have a viable
business, they have a growing energy
business, but this robo taxi thing is a
rerating event. It's a it's a big deal.
So, I think, you know, in in terms of a
liability perspective, obviously they've
taken a huge step forward there. There
isn't a another vehicle they're at least
putting into production that's under
$30,000.
Other other competitive automakers are
doing that. But I I think what Tesla has
said, they've made a statement of this
is not as much of a hardware race to the
bottom kind of thing. This is change the
way that transportation is delivered and
change it from upfront highinterest
big purchase to you can buy this thing
in little very small dollar you know
ride sharing chunks but have an amazing
experience whenever you want it. Um but
I I think Tesla's beyond the point of
like will this work Herbert back to your
point of how much risk are they taking?
I think they they have a they've made a
platform with Unboxed and the
manufacturing of the Cyber Cab where
they've truly manufactured something
that meets their safety and exceeds
their safety standards. And I I believe
Cyber Cab is going to be a a platform
where they may build different vehicle
types. This is just again this is my
belief. I don't have any information uh
from just reading public information,
but I think the risk is low actually to
be honest with you. I think they're
going after I think it's a high-risk
thing that they're going after, but this
is a timing thing we're dealing with
now. Herbert, this is not a will it ever
will it ever work or this is a timing
thing. And they're they're proving it it
it works with with the Model Y today.
So, right now, I just think we're in
this phase of just applying in and
calibrating self-driving to the cyber
cab form factor, not like will it work
or will it won't work. Now, we see
what's happening with their own
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; It's probably the opposite because Tesla
has access to all of our cars, all of
the cars they've been testing for so
long now. They've got the data. They
know what the risk is, if it's low risk
or high risk. And that is why they've
been slow to roll this out. And when
they do, they're pretty confident
because they've got the data. That's the
other thing. It's like the other car
company, the other competitors out
there, they have enough. They don't have
enough. 3,700 cars on the road is a lot,
but it's not enough actually to solve
all the uh edge cases. And Whimo is
discovering that they're taking a longer
time to solve these edge cases. And uh
that's showing up in the actual life.
Yeah. Anybody who doesn't believe what
we're saying in terms of the capability
of the vehicle has the ability to to
press pause or stop, get in their car,
Google where the local Tesla store is
and go take a test drive. You can
probably do it. You know, it's just the
time it takes you to drive to there and
you can probably know within an hour or
two. Um, and have your own assessment. I
would challenge that same person to go
find the Alpameo
um Nvidia car or go find any other
&gt;&gt; Whimo car that you can test drive for
yourself. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you can test drive and and the answer is
is you can't and and and this is this is
only a part of the story. Uh anyway,
it's as it's honestly it's as simple as
that right now. I think Tesla has made
it as simple as that. you you could know
within an hour of what is this what's
happening here and is this something
that I should be aware of and and should
it inform my future decisions on vehicle
purchases or investing or whatever.
&gt;&gt; Tesla executive Andre theig announced
that Gigab Berlin is expanding. So as we
reported there that Volkswagen is
shutting down four factories in Europe.
Texas Tesla is growing. We announced, we
recently announced that we increased the
production from 5,000 to 6,200 per week
starting from July, creating a thousand
new jobs. But guess what? Today, we
informed our team that we will further
increase production to 7,500 per week,
starting to ramp from October, hiring
another 1,000 employees. So, what
happened here, Jeeoff? Not this was in
July, like uh sorry, this just a few
months ago that they announced that
they're increasing, they're hiring a,000
jobs going to 6,200. All of a sudden, in
a month or two, they make their change
their mind. It's now going to be 7,500
cars per week, another 1,000 employees.
And of course, they're also in
increasing their investment in the
battery cells that they're producing as
well. What do you think happened?
&gt;&gt; I think it's a
&gt;&gt; lot.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's I think it's a number
of things. One is uh American and
Western European automakers have
regressed in the EV space and people in
we know that we know what the stats are
the adoption stats in Europe are very
high and growing.
So we know people in Europe still want
EVs but they have less choices. So you
have Tesla, you have this retrenchment
happening with the the German and
Western European and American auto other
American automakers and then you have
the Chinese lot coming in and everybody
thought China was just going to take
over. Remember all the articles China is
going to inhabit all the Western
European auto factories which is absurd
by the way totally absurd. Sure. Will
there be an example of it? Maybe. But if
I'm a China auto manufacturer, the last
thing I want to do is go into some
ancient factory and acquire a bunch of
of old capex that's probably not going
to operate at the the way I want to
build vehicles and the way I build
vehicles now. So all that's absurd
there. And by the way, there's no
massive amounts of China production
that's actually happening in Europe.
There's still this big import glug
coming in from China. I think consumers
have to sit back. If you're a consumer
in Europe and you're like, "Look, I've
got the Tesla brand that is here,
they're in European Union, they're
building vehicles here, they have this
massive supercharger network. They they
have service centers here. If I have a
problem with my vehicle, it's a good
brand. It's known you to be very
reliable. And if I have a problem, I
have this service presence here. all
these other China automakers, they still
have to build all this stuff out even if
it sticks or if it doesn't stick, we'll
see what happens. So that's the
landscape.
Existing auto legacy automakers have
retrenchion EV adoption rates are still
growing. Tesla is a good brand.
Supercharger network, of course, FSD now
is approved in a half a dozen places and
it's it's going to rapidly be improved
throughout the summer. So, I think
there's a number of really positive
drivers and I think people just um
you know I I think we're going to see
this continued steady growth um
occurring.
&gt;&gt; That's my theory. My theory is Model Y
is being introduced in Giga Berlin.
That's why they did their initial first
growth and then the second growth of why
they're hiring another thousand. I think
that they're seeing signs that FSE is
being approved in Europe and that's
going to grow. So, I think that they
probably know that maybe Germany's going
to approve it. Italy and Spain are going
to approve it. Bigger markets than the
first five that's already out there.
That's my theory. Uh why they, you know,
didn't announce the whole 2,000
employees. It's actually 3,500 employees
that they're hiring uh extra this year.
They're really going to grow. The other
thing that's happening here in uh US is
Giga. It's the Model Y L, the Tesla, the
extended six-seater. It's coming here
apparently. Uh more and more signs were
were spotting this. Now the latest is a
camouflage Tesla Model Y L was spotted
in Palo Alto, California. Brand new 19in
or 20-in wheels. US launch looks
imminent, this person says. Um
take out the music there, but it does
look like the Model Y L pretty obvious
um at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This car is going to do well. It's
going to do well. in the ride share
world. I think
it's going to do right well in the
normal suburban world. It's going to do
really well. And I wouldn't again this
wouldn't be surprised I wouldn't be
surprised to see this thing enter in
production this quarter and and be a
real jolt uh throughout the rest of rest
of the year. Model Y is a smash success.
It's going to be it is the the the most
high volume
high call it high revenue um highest
user satisfaction EV ever made. So why
wouldn't you build off of it? My whole
theory last year when they said more
affordable vehicles are being made.
Well, why don't you make a longer
version of the smash success y and make
a shorter version. Well, here's a longer
version. Um looks like it's coming.
&gt;&gt; I'm just playing this ad by pollstar.
They were making fun of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Smart.
&gt;&gt; They were making fun of Cesla and they
say, "Choose Pulsar. Don't choose all
this, you know, fake news. Um, don't
choose blending and all that stuff." And
guess what happened? Unfortunately,
Pstar is apparently pulling out of the
United States.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're being they were in a they
were in a swap exchange for the parent
company is Gily. And essentially what
was happening is is
they were allowed to import cars made in
China as long as the Volvo plant in the
US was exporting an equivalent amount.
Basically the Volvo plants in the US
were creating a credit system of exports
that allowed them to bring in product
but the US trade department said we're
not doing this anymore. So,
uh, anyway, you can you can take
whatever you want from it. To me, they
were they were they were toast before
this from a sales perspective. The brand
never took off. Uh, the products are too
expensive. They don't have self-driving.
And, you know, again, they wanted to get
this earned media and attach themselves
to riffing on Tesla when they didn't
have the product that was better. So,
they were already toast. Now, this is
burnt toast.
Jeeoff. Um, the Model Y L is a bigger
car than the Model Y, which is already
the number one selling car. And in the
US, people like bigger cars.
&gt;&gt; Is there a chance that you think Model Y
L would out sell the Model Y here in the
US?
&gt;&gt; I think the Model Y L in the US will do
better than But the Model Y is doing
great everywhere it's it's sold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In the world, we're the the North
America is the last region to get it. I
think it's going to do the best actually
in North America because of what you
cited Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. All right. Thank you so
much, Jeeoff. Appreciate you. Follow
Jeff on his ex account at the Jeff Lutz.
And then later today, this should be
published Tuesday morning later today at
around 11:30. Watch for a interview that
Jeff and I did with Tesla Vice President
Lars Moravey. And it was a very good
interview. He shared a lot of
information. Jeff asked a lot of good
questions and we learned a lot and we
both independently said we feel better
about our investments after listening to
Lars. You you find out for yourself. Go
watch that show when it drops. Thanks.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.