Channel:     futureaza
Title:       This Country Just Killed Gas Cars
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxIrA42JWIk
Published:   2026-06-29 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

EV adoption is on the rise. Whether the
country is very, very hot or very, very
cold, it still seems to work just fine.
Rich countries are having a great go of
it. But what about poor countries? Well,
it turns out even in a place like
Ethiopia, EVs are on the rise and
quickly with some carrots and sticks to
make it all happen. But there are good
reasons behind it. And I do need your
help on this video. Check it out in the
middle and at the end you'll see. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, let's just take a look here at what
we've got. Powering up how Ethiopia is
becoming an unlikely leader in the EV
revolution. A country plagued by power
cuts has become the first to ban imports
of petrol and diesel cars as a new dam
brings hope of cheap green energy. It's
not just hope. We'll get to that in a
second. The rates are insanely low. an
architect in his 30s bought a VW
electric car this year. He was a little
skeptical. Not only in his hometown, uh
the Ethiopian capital, uh is prone to
power cuts. He also doubted the quality
of his new vehicle. For months, he's
been pleased with his purchase since he
no longer has to endure long lines at
the petrol pump caused by chronic fuel
shortages. Long lines. I'd have to wait
two or three hours, even if I got there
early in the morning. And they often run
out of petrol before it's your turn.
Having an EV saves me a lot of time. I
have no regrets. So, until recently, EVs
were unheard of. But last year, it
became the first country to ban imports
of combustion engine vehicles. 2024,
they banned them completely. Now, EVs
are a common sight in the capital. The
most prevalent brand, of course, is
China's BYD. They are not afraid of
emerging markets. The most prevalent
brand is BYD. that overtook Tesla as the
world's largest EV maker. Although
Western vehicles are also popular now,
and this article is 9 months out of
date, 115,000 EVs are on the road out of
a total of 1.5 million cars. They hope
to get it to 500,000 by 2030. You see,
they keep their cars running a lot
longer than perhaps they should, but uh
there are reasons for that. It's cheaper
to fix it. They're going to do it.
Ethiopia is an unlikely proponent for
the transition. Roughly half of its 126
million people have no access to
electricity. Only a third of households
have access through the grid. Power cuts
mean many factories are not fully
operational. This is an ongoing problem.
But now they have the big dam. Well,
hopefully that means they have a big
damn solution. These shortages uh will
be alleviated the to an extent following
the opening of the Ethiopian Grand
Renaissance Dam. So this dam is it took
14 years to build. It only came online a
year and a half ago. problems remain
with the national grid, but those are
being worked on. Yeah. But the real
reason to to ban it is uh not just
because of the pollution in the capital
and other cities, especially during rush
hour with all those very very old
combustion vehicles. The real problem is
the costs. The main motivation is
economic. Ethiopia spends roughly $4.5
billion dollar a year on petrol. And
when those petrol dollars leave the
country, they do not come back. Whereas,
if you generate it locally, the money
stays local and can fuel the local
economy. Everybody wins. So, we're going
to get to more on that, but I said I was
going to tell you I need your help, and
I do. I'm getting to that. New data puts
Ethiopia among global EV leaders. Look
at that. 4.7%.
Now, you're Well, that's not great.
Yeah. Well, USA is at 2.7%. That's
worse. Norway 32%. Uh, and this is not
of new car sales, but of all cars. So,
this is a very strange one. Nearly 5% of
cars in Ethiopia are electric. That
means it's been picking up this year.
Within Africa, Ethiopia is the clear
outlier. It's roughly 15,000 EV
passenger cars represent more than four
times the stock in South Africa. And it
came out of nowhere because they want to
keep the money inhouse. Aggressive ProE
policies. So what they've done is
basically dropped the VAT and import tax
to zero. They've incentivized local
manufacturing or at least partial
manufacturing, final assembly if you
will, knockdown plants, semi-
knocknockdown plants where they can just
quickly assemble foreign mate vehicles.
And why would a Chinese company agree to
have final assembly be in Ethiopia?
Well, because if there's one place in
the world where labor is cheaper than
China, it's almost all of Africa.
Definitely Ethiopia. So, local EV
companies have even been getting in on
it themselves. We'll have more about
that in a minute. And here's what the
cost of the electricity is. Now, this
chart is perhaps unreliable. I know in
was it Belgium? No. Um, Czech Republic.
Anyway, some of these rates are not
supported by locals who live there. But
if you go to all the way to the bottom
of the list, you find Iran at 3/10en of
a penny per kilowatt and Ethiopia at
double that. Wait, that's not six
pennies per kilowatt. That's 6/10en of a
penny per kilowatt. That means you fill
up your whole car for about five bucks.
No, 50 cents. Yeah, the 75 cents is
about what it would take to fill a nice
big car. So, that's reasonable. And
unlike waiting for hours at the pump, if
that story is true, I don't know. I
can't tell you. I've never been there.
It is something where you could just
plug it in and wait for the power to
come back on.
better solution. They do not have enough
charging uh stations yet. They are
working on it. Here's where I need your
help, guys. I'm trying to go there. I
want to go there and I need your help to
make that happen. Hey, do you by any
chance have a cajillion unused sky
miles? If you do, uh maybe you could
help me by just booking the ticket.
looking to go uh right after
Thanksgiving to right before Christmas.
Something like uh December 1st through
December 22nd, maybe even November 30th
through December 22nd. Do you have the
Sky Miles Portland to Addis Ababa? Let
me know. There are other ways you can
help as well. You could make a one-time
PayPal donation uh through the link is
in the description. But I want to go
there, not because it's fun, but because
it's where the story is. I do have local
support. I have a friend, a viewer who
has business in Ethiopia and he has
offered to uh lend me use of his
assistant to do my ground support while
I am there. That is critical. That means
I can get the interviews. That means I
can talk to the correct ministers in the
correct departments to find out why this
is happening, how it's happening, and
what the impact will be. It means I can
talk to cab drivers. It means I can talk
to regular car owners. It means I can
talk to the charging stations and the
developers who are making this roll out
possible. I can talk to the people on
the street and find out what they think
of it. Do they support it? Do they love
it? Do they hate it? I'm going to
Ethiopia. I'm trying to make it happen.
I need your help. So, let's talk some
more about it. I said the cars were
getting old, right? Actual picture from
an actual gas station. That's a Lada. Do
you know what a Lada is? That's a Soviet
era car. Those were not good when they
were new. And this one is, you know, 40
years out of date. This is a bad car.
So, if you look at this, the rising cost
of gas and the spare parts needed to
keep the car on the road wasn't enough.
It's not enough. I can't make ends meet,
but maybe I can buy a Chinese car
instead. So, in 2024, the Ethiopian
government banned the import of the
cars. As we said, slash tariffs on the
electric equivalents, a policy driven by
the country's climate ambitions and more
by fiscal pressure. So yeah, they'd been
subsidizing gasoline because market
rates were just too high. Plus, they
have to spend the money outside the
country where it doesn't come back. Ah,
EV adoption has grown from less than 1%
to nearly 6% of all vehicles, not new
sales, all vehicles. According to the
government's own figures, some way above
the global average of 4%. That's all
good stuff. So, it's not exciting yet,
but it's getting there. And at this
rate, by the time I get there in
December, the story would be that much
further along. A Seagull hatchback cost
23,000. That's too much. Eh, well, it's
cheaper uh than spending all that money
on a nice car and then having to put
petrol in it, especially when the
government is subsidizing it with money
they do not have. So, these are although
the price tag is still relatively high
for a country where incomes are low,
middle class consumers find it easier to
get credit to buy a new EV than they did
for a secondhand gas-powered car. It's
an EV. It's a BYD. It's going to last
you a while. Now, this is saying that
Ethium customers are paying 10 cents per
kilowatt hour. It's about half that of
neighboring countries. I don't know what
the real rate is. I will find out when I
get there. Even at 10 cents, you're
talking $8 to fill up. That's going to
get you what? two gallons of gas. Even
in Ethiopia, it's quite expensive. It's
a landlocked country. Getting the fuel
in and out is a bit tricky and difficult
and long. The route is long. African
country that ban gas vehicles sees
greener EV future. Two years after it,
one country is seeing its roads
transformed for the better. Under uh
Republican leadership, the US has cut
subsidies to EVs, forcing car makers to
rightsize their production and take
billions in losses as the financial
incentives that helped prop up demand
were removed. But even in progressive
societies like China and Europe, where
you might expect robust government
support for EVs are put to shame by
what's going on in Ethiopia. The East
African country is probably the last
place one might expect an EV revolution
to occur, but landlocked near the Red
Sea, banned from the the import of
internal combustion engines in 24. Yeah,
we're already seeing benefits. So, the
government introduced 100 new electric
buses in the capital, home to 4.2
million people. But it didn't stop
there. Tax breaks for EVs. Plans to
build 17 EV assembly plants using
imported parts from China. Electric
buses, very different from gas ones.
It's all happening. It's greener than
that of the US, China, and Europe. Well,
a lot of these vehicles, they're still
burning coal to get the electricity.
Look, if they were, if they were on 100%
coal, it'd still be greener than having
a power plant in every single vehicle.
But they're not. It's the water tower,
man. It's the Africa's water tower
through the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance
Dam. It's very green. So, they are able
to do that. And then, of course, you've
got the price stability strikes on your
trope. why quitting oil is more
important than ever. Oil prices began
rising even before the disruption and
then the disruption happened. So yeah,
Ethiopia's transport road map could make
it one of Africa's biggest EV hubs
because they're planning to build the
cars there. They can export them to
their neighbors, to other countries, to
other continents, frankly. So it is
entirely possible that this could be a
huge boon for manufacturing. They've got
the labor. They've got some of the
factories. And they're building a whole
bunch more. Ethiopia launches largest
electric vehicle factory to manufacture
1,000 cars per year. Okay, that's not
very many, but it was only a $52 million
plant, and I'm confident it could
produce more over time as needed.
However, challenges remain. An earlier
attempt at an EV assembly plant with
Hyundai in 2020 fell through due to
foreign currency shortages. Well,
hopefully these come back together.
Ethiopia leads EV revolution in Africa,
and we've got buses, we've got all kinds
of stuff, but what we don't have yet is
the stories, and I hope to go there. I
hope to do you proud. Uh, I would love
to cover more stuff domestically, but
because of all my coverage of Tesla, it
makes a lot of manufacturers hesitant to
talk to me, and Tesla, of course, uh, is
very busy. So hopefully I'll have an
opportunity to tour some of their
factories to get some answers from them.
But I have covered everybody I know who
can tell me something insightful about
Tesla. This is a new story. My friend,
my viewer who lives there sometimes,
works there often, has contacts there,
has spent quite a bit of time there. He
said, "It is a place I must go." He
said, "The story is there and it needs
to be told." I asked him, "Is this a
great country to visit?" He said, "No,
it's terrible. you're going to have a
terrible time, but it's where the story
is and you need to go. I take his word
for that. I shall go. So, if you can
help me out in any way possible, onetime
donation link in the description. You
can also become a Patreon member, a
channel subscriber, all that good stuff
as described right here. Uh, and that
would be helpful, too. That'd be great.
I'd appreciate it. So, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. And everyone else,
like, subscribe, and do what you do.
Stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you. clever robots.
Especially if you're in Ethiopia,
especially if you know someone in
Ethiopia, especially if you want to
share this video and these perspectives
with someone in Ethiopia. Let's do it.