Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Rating Brokerage Platforms #investing #tsla #trading #stocks #optionstrading
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj6mPnD3kFU
Published:   2026-05-13 22:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-13 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fidelity. Fidelity's C tier. It works,
it'll get the job done, but you don't
see live data, you have to constantly
refresh the page, and the Active Trader
Pro, honestly, there's nothing pro about
it. It's just not that good.
Thinkorswim. I would put Thinkorswim as
a B tier. The user interface is a little
wonky, but what I really like about it
is that it was made by actual traders,
and you can paper trade on it. I think
the paper trade ability on there is
somewhat of an underrated feature. I'm
not one for paper trading normally, but
for the right person who can take it
seriously, it's golden. Interactive
Brokers.
&gt;&gt; Interactive Brokers is definitely A
tier. You can use it pretty much
everywhere, every country pretty much
has access to it, and most importantly,
I love using IVR, implied volatility
rank, and they have that metric on
Interactive Brokers, where you don't see
it on most others.
tastytrade. tastytrade, they're S tier.
They are the goat. They are the ones who
created Thinkorswim. They have the
cleanest user interface, the fewest
amount of clicks to place any trades,
and just honestly, they have everything
you want. It was built by market makers
from the CBOE, from Wall Street. It's
just the best. Use the best tools, my
take. Robinhood.
Robinhood, let's say they're B tier.
Maybe even C tier. Actually, I'm going
to do C tier. They are good, they don't
have all the features. I would say that
they're kind of amateur hour, but at the
same time, they have elements that have
them become a very solid platform. I'm
conflicted. Best part about Robinhood is
their watch list, they have live 24/7
hour market action for the stocks, so in
that case, I'll, you know, I'll bump it
back up to B tier. E*TRADE.
E*TRADE's F tier. Honestly, I put all
other brokerages at F tier. They're not
good. In my experience, the live data's
not there, the user interface isn't
there. They're not designed for trading
or any active investing.
I would have to put them and all the
other ones in the F tier.