Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Massive Bet On Physical AI Is Underway
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hwa0bO0S-s
Published:   2026-08-16 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-16 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And just remember this is Japan. This is
the, you know, home of Toyota. Nissan,
Honda, those guys are suffering. The
others, Nissan and Honda, but Toyota is
doing very, very well. And then here
Tesla is doing well in their home turf.
Tesla's building out a whole lot of new
stuff for a whole lot of new capacity
along a number of product lines. But are
they getting out over their skis? Has
the valuation gotten too high? And why
on earth are they not just [music]
hoarding big piles that go to balloons
like Scrooge McDuck? Well, we're going
to get into this question and so many
more with my buddy Herbert from
Brighter. Uh because he's very good at
adding context and we're going to figure
it all out. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza. [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So Herbert, we are looking at this one.
Tesla's buildout now costs more cash
than the business generates. That's
right. their big pile of cash is getting
ever so slightly smaller ever so slowly.
Is this what we bargained for at the
after the fiscal Q1 uh Q2 report? The
margin trajectory got the blame for the
stock slide. The commitment uh that show
that should worry Tesla's Tesla
shareholders outlast any single
quarter's margin move and it sits on the
cash flow statement. Tesla expects
capital spending to increase and they're
has spending it faster than they can
place it into a tidy pile and count it.
Uh, is this a problem or is this what a
business is expected to do with their
&gt;&gt; Well, shout out to the uh editor of
this. I mean, can you go back up to the
title? I I love the title. It's such a
scary title. Tesla's buildout now costs
more cash than the business generated.
makes it sound like they're about to go
down now when all they're saying is that
their their capex spend is cut the free
cash flow the cash flow to become first
time negative right
&gt;&gt; in the meantime they have what $42
billion of cash [laughter]
they lost a billion bucks whatever it is
as the free cash flow negative you tell
me exactly what it was it's not a big
deal this is capex spending every
company's doing it in the in the uh Mag
7 and all the hyperscalers. They're
building factories. I I did a whole show
one time listing out everything that
Tesla's working on. You're the expert in
this space. It's like nine different
massive mega mega projects and yet
they're able to have a positive free
cash flow. We have already been warning
everybody since the beginning of you
know end of last year that this is the
year that we're going to get to negative
free cash flow. Tesl it is important.
Free cash flow is an important metric. I
think all a lot of people believe that
that is the metric. I think Jeff Bezos
has said this, Elon Musk has said this.
That is the metric to see if a company's
healthy or not healthy. It's free cash
flow. Okay? But if it's because of
capital spend that you chose to do on
your own on purpose, then it's not a bad
thing. Famously, Amazon did it
themselves every year for the first
decade, 20 decades. uh twades of their
life before they decided on their own
that I'm going to start becoming
profitable in margin. So this is not in
any way showing that there's a concern
about the company, but the title makes
it sound like this company is now in
trouble. Tesla's in big giant trouble
and that is just zero. You know,
everybody knows that that's not the case
except for the consumers. on social
media. I had to deal with someone who'd
read this article and didn't think
critically about it and said, "Why on
earth would I be invested in a company
that is buying things that won't pay off
for years?" And I said, you know, uh the
farmer uh has no cash in his wallet
right now because he spent all that milk
money building a bigger barn. Is his
wife angry that he built a bigger barn
or excited that they're going to have 10
times as many milk producing uh cows? I
mean, it's it's think that except
instead of milk, it's cash. How do you
increase your profit without capex?
It
&gt;&gt; it's you're in a competitive industry.
You're not in a commoditized industry
where you don't need to keep inventing
and creating new things. If you don't
create AI, you're going to be left
behind and done for. If you are the one
to create AI like Tesla with their
humanoid robots and their autonomous
vehicles, they're going to reinvent
industries like that is the most margin
incredible. And we're moving away from a
selling of a car, low margin, to
incredibly high software only. That is
why you're doing this. Spend the money,
get the get over the last hump, and then
start raking in that cash. free cash
flow will be hilariously silly in the
next several years. Except that they
might increase the capex spend again. If
that's not the kind of company you want
to invest in, you shouldn't be investing
in any of the top IT companies, tech
companies, mag 7, hyperscalers. Do not
invest in that at all. They're all
spending
&gt;&gt; because they're going to take over all
the other companies. like not these I
I've been calling it the um Titan 10
Titans like the the idea being that in
about 10 years from now or so forth you
can see that there will be a
consolidation to 10 15 20 companies that
will own everything and everyone else
the Fortune 500s will become tiny tinier
companies. That's my belief. Well, I if
your company sells $25,000 cars at a 5%
margin, your income is $1,250.
If you sell any Tesla and someone gets a
subscription, Tesla's going to make that
much money in 12.5 months. And then that
money continues. The margin continues to
expand. That's the part that I think
&gt;&gt; and a robo taxi, one car will make
$30,000 per year, every year for I don't
know, let's call it five years. So,
&gt;&gt; what uh what are you talking about?
&gt;&gt; Right.
Two core reasons Tesla investors should
be getting nervous.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh oh, come on. Is one of them Jim
Kramer said he likes it? I hope it is.
Tesla's large market cap and valuation
is largely driven by the potential of
its future robotics. Robboact and AI,
there are two valid valid reasons to be
nervous. One, the valuation breakdown.
Adam Jonas, a longtime Tesla bull, uh,
broke down the value and believes that
34% of total valuations driven by core
auto and energy and 41 by the hype sur
hype surrounding its robo taxi and
autonomous driving technology. And the
last 25% is Optimus. Uh so robo taxi
wos. Uh Herbert, it's slightly slower
than some people thought it would be. Uh
I mean massively faster than the
pessimist suggested, but sl somewhat
slower than the optimist suggested.
&gt;&gt; Uh cause for concern, right? I mean it's
over.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean it's again it it depends on
who the audience is and who you are as
an investor. So absolutely true. Uh what
you know I I would say the Morgan
Stanley kind of analysis of saying okay
how much is a stock Tesla stock how much
of that is because of core auto and
energy how much of is because of robo
taxi and the stories of robo taxi and
the stories of optimist and stories of
AI. Yeah that is true right the PE ratio
tells you that this is uh you know the
earnings today does not match where this
thing people are expecting it to be. The
question now is okay are are they you
know what they do robo taxi wos true
that is true uh many of us had
anticipated why because Tesla themselves
had announced and said that we would you
know 50% of the US market we would have
seven we would be already operating in
seven states all these kind of things
seven cities and they have been delayed
so you cannot argue that it's been
delayed so then the question becomes
depending and you as an investor if
you're a short-term investor, you know,
it's now a year, you're going, "Oh, it's
been delayed." Yes, it has been delayed.
If you are a long-term investor, now
some people are saying, "This is the
funny part. Somebody told me,
I have a fiveyear outlook five years
ago, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; right?" Yeah, that made me that made me
laugh. Yeah. Because, you know, there
are people who I have a five-year
outlook, but it was 5 years ago, and now
we're not where we are. So you are you
have the right to be completely
disappointed and you got caught off
guard. Now the question you have to ask
yourself, yeah, does this mean the
company should just just the the the
stock is completely overpriced and we're
done for? It should go fall to 50 bucks.
There's people who will claim that
that's what it is. That's what it's
worth. Okay, that's your bet. Meanwhile,
you and I know my car has not made a
single critical disengagement issue,
safety related issue for a year and
three months now. What is now? August
since March, February, March of last
year, wherever everywhere I go, no
matter what country, what state, cuz
I've driven to Vancouver, Canada many
times. And uh and I know the car works
and I know that they're building cyber
cabs. I know that they're building
factories that is uh you know, for
Fremont for a million per year human or
robots. They're building factories for
10 million per year human robots.
They're building AI data centers, Cortex
2, to train all of those robots. These
are all stories, but they're actually
putting real capex, which leads up back
to your original storyline.
If you weren't investing in this and
spending the money on it, you have zero
chance. And that's why I look at Whimo
and and the others. And I asked the
question, if you have a do you have a a
a supercomput? And if you don't, right,
do you're an if you're a human or robot
manufacturer, do you have a
supercomputer to train that to be able
to do general purpose robotics, which
means any task at all it can learn and
be able to do. If you don't, I'm not
sure what your where your lead is. These
are stories. They're in the future, but
you see what has happened to AI. AI has
changed the world, and that's what's
going to happen with physical AI, and
that's what autonomous transportation
is. What is the payoff, too? That's the
other thing to consider. You're delayed
by a year, you're delayed by another
year, you're delayed by a third year,
and you're getting very disappointed.
But what's the payoff once it is solved?
We are watching what maybe 2,000 cyber
cabs already out there. They're keep
building it at some point. It will take
over transportation and there'll be auto
robo trucking. The payoff is huge. Well,
that's what I wanted to look at here.
Alphabet's Whimo has logged over 200
million fully autonomous miles. But my
question is at what price? Your miles
cost a fortune. Your miles are
unsustainable. The more miles Whimo
does, the more money they lose because
even at the astronomical prices they're
charging. They're still bleeding cash.
&gt;&gt; So I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I think they've lost $5 billion in a
year. They don't break it down break it
out, but it's like it's around that
amount. 2 to5 billion loss per year. and
their charging of their whimo cars when
you take a robo taxi ride is worth it's
it's more expensive than an Uber a
human-driven car. So until they can show
that they can reduce that to be cheaper
because you're removing the human and
you actually start making money now you
can argue that well they should be
they're spending the money capex and all
that great show me where your factories
are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and you were saying about
autonomy when Rivian said, "Oh, we're
going to be FSD just as good end of next
year." It tells me that they have yet to
understand the scope of the challenge if
they actually believe that because I
need to see your data center. Like you
said, I need to see it. May I see it?
Well, we don't have a data center.
Release it. Oh, no. That's even more
expensive. Okay. Uh, so I don't know.
softening core. Tesla's future might
indeed be lucrative with robo taxis,
robots, and AI, but the core business is
manufacturing and that's slowly eroding.
[snorts] Should we just jump over and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Where did that come from? Complete
opposite. It's of what when was this
written? A year ago.
&gt;&gt; Turned around. I will Yeah, I'll double
check. August 11th is when that one's
written. So softening core, it's late
enough that they should know better
because uh Tesla's doing quite well. Uh
James Stevenson has a chart. I don't
have it up right now, but uh that chart
shows that their Q2 revenue was
exceptional. And while yes, the margin
may be a smidge lower. Uh that's in part
because all of the ZEV credits are gone,
that isn't a fundamental change in the
business. That isn't actually doing
something other than what you're already
doing anyway. So, of course, that margin
will erode when cafe standards are
effectively uh erased. So, yeah, uh
sales doing pretty well. Uh and I love
that at number two here, the BYD
song/ceal.
That's two different cars. Even if you
combine their three and Y competitors,
it is not very many. It is uh 20% as
many as the Model Y sold. And if you
were to lump the Model 3 in, all of a
sudden it's uh you know 10 tenfold. So I
think I think uh their core business is
doing pretty well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Curious why they would combine two
cars when this is per car model. Yeah.
That's weird.
&gt;&gt; Isn't it weird? They don't even have the
same name. They have different name.
Fine. Fine. So yeah, this is uh looking
at the margins. Uh, can you believe it
that in 23, back when all those cars
were coming back off leases and being
sold again as if they were brand new
cars with sky-high markups that they
that they had so much profit? Yes, I
can. Yes, I can. That was a once-
ina-lifetime
uh business opportunity that no one saw
coming. Tesla wanted all those cars back
because they genuinely believed that
they would be robo taxi ready in 2020 to
2023. So all those leases came back and
they just sold them again at a
tremendous markup. Uh so I don't know. I
think I think the mly fool will say
everything. They'll say one thing and
the opposite and something in between
and hope that something sticks.
Uh in terms of talking about expansion,
I wanted to talk about the two
impossible markets, the two that you
don't go into because their domestic
brands are too strong. Tesla to expand
Japan network 60% amid sales boom.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh because Tesla's been selling I mean a
couple cars in Japan despite the very
strong domestic market. How well is
Tesla doing in Japan?
&gt;&gt; I've heard very well. I was actually
visiting Japan just recently uh and I
visited a sales
&gt;&gt; um out center spoke to the manager there
and he was saying it sales are
incredible they're opening up more sales
centers more service centers things are
doing well and just remember this is
Japan this is the you know home of
Toyota Nissan Honda those guys are
suffering the others Nissan and Honda
but um but Toyota is doing very very
Well, and then here Tesla is doing well
in their home turf. So, the Japanese
love technology and so they understand
that it is a differentiator just like
China has China consumers you know so
well you were there recently that they
really are focusing more on tech than
than you know leather stitching on
leather seats and so forth and that's
the difference and so they've they're
starting to buy and they're starting to
move.
&gt;&gt; That was the big thing with Cadillac for
the longest time Buick and Oldmobile as
well. Let's just make it so comfortable
that people don't notice it sucks. And
then you put it up against say a Lexus,
which at the time was very tech forward,
and it's a very different experience.
Tesla South Korea July 2026, six numbers
that could tell the story. Best July in
Tesla Korea history. Year-over-year
growth, 33% of all imported cars sold
were Teslas. Model Y units the top
selling car in Korea con uh six
consecutive months as the top imported
brand year-to- date deliveries up 150%.
Korea has strong domestic brands just
like Japan and yet once Tesla decided to
go into the market they're doing really
really well. So again, this goes back to
that the base of their business, the
foundation, the automotive sales are
crumbling.
&gt;&gt; I just I just came back from a vacation
at South Korea and truly enjoyed it.
Loved the country, loved the cities and
they are the number one investor in
Tesla stock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So they love Tesla. They love
Tesla. The issue is of course their
stock market crashed last month. Um and
uh and a lot of people got hurt. Margin
called one in 30 young people too
because apparently I I don't know how
true this is. Somebody said that they
they can't afford homes. So instead the
young people invest their money and
margin they got called one in 30. So
it's pretty sad what happened there but
&gt;&gt; they love Tesla. This is there you know
there's a huge group of people who are
very much Tesla fans.
&gt;&gt; All helpful. Now, I don't know if you
know about our the new album uh that you
and I are dropping called Please
Subscribe. [laughter] Uh but we uh it it
does have the lyrics are so explicit
that we can't release it. Uh there is no
music also, but uh please subscribe. It
uh is
&gt;&gt; Which one's my car? Which one's your
car?
&gt;&gt; Yours is the one with the tag in the
windshield. I could tell because I
zoomed in and looked at the wheels.
&gt;&gt; Which is the one with the tag in the
windshield? The one behind me and the
right. Oh,
&gt;&gt; the one behind you is yours. Yeah. Okay.
Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz you've got the larger wheels.
Uh yeah. So, uh uh yeah, please. And
also, I don't think you tinted your
windows. Did you tint your fronts? Yeah.
So, I can
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're not as cool. I get it.
It happens. So, guys, you can subscribe.
It's free. It's fun. We have a good
time. And uh Yeah. So, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Uh Tesla out
over its skis, man. We had a good run, I
guess. Uh but uh maybe it's over. Not
sure that's right, but you can let me
know in the comments. Everybody else,
you know, like, subscribe, do what you
do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots at our