Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla's Biggest Problem Isn't Competition
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YXEMQnikdg
Published:   2026-06-23 18:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-23 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The biggest threat to Tesla isn't
competition, but actually it's the
headlines and misinformation. Because in
the last 48 hours, we've seen a perfect
example of how a headline can spread
around the world before the actual facts
come out. And at the very same time,
Tesla continues quietly making progress
on robo taxis, FSD, and Optimus. First,
several major media outlets reported
that a Tesla and autopilot crashed into
a Texas home, killing a woman. But
according to Tesla AIVP Ashok Kowwami,
the driver had manually overridden the
system, pressed the accelerator to 100%.
Reach 73 mph in a residential area, and
continued accelerating even after
impact. Elon Musk responded that FSE
simply doesn't operate like that in
neighborhoods. Second, Tesla's cybercap
program appears to be accelerating. Joe
Techmere captured what may be the
largest group of cyber cabs ever seen
testing together with around 10 vehicles
running in formation at Giga Texas.
Third, Tesla's autonomy and robotics
expansion continues globally. Tesla's
hiring autopilot data collection
supervisors in London, Paris, and
Barcelona, while new software sightings
suggest the UK and Spain may be next for
FSE approval. And finally, supplier
reports continue pointing toward a
rapidly expanding Optimus supply chain
as Tesla prepares for much larger
production volumes. So while critics
focus on yesterday's headlines, Tesla
appears focused on something much
bigger. Scaling robo taxis, scaling
optimist, and scaling autonomy
worldwide. We got Joe Bacti joining us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe. Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's get to the big news of
the day. This came out last night and
one of the questions I will ask you once
I share the kind of set the stage is
what happened to the stock. Stock fell
significantly today uh big time. So just
worldwide all these news outlets,
business insider, a Tesla driver using
auto assistance crashed into a Texas
home killing a woman. Look at the
headline. Basically accusing the test
first a Tesla and then saying it's auto
assistance was the one that did it.
Tesla driver using autopilot crashes
into home killing a woman. One person is
dead after a Tesla on autopilot crashed
through Texas home. Authorities say
again very bold. Uh here is the
real-time video of what actually
happened. Let's take a look at what
happened here.
This is the home. Home woman home is
there. Unfortunately,
okay, you can see that that car was
flying, flying, no stoppage, nothing.
And they are blaming all the headlines
blaming that this is Tesla's autopilot
that caused this. You can already tell.
Um, Sawyer says Tesla's vehicle logs
will show whether any system was turned
on or not, but neither autopilot nor FSE
operates at speeds like this in
residential areas. Very clearly not, but
that doesn't stop these these um, you
know, uh, news outlets. And then, uh,
business side, you lying, whatever,
prepared to be sued. Elon replied
saying, yes, this makes no sense. FSA
drives slowly through neighborhood
streets and this was a high-speed crash.
Ashoka Swami came back and said, "Yep,
in this case, the driver manually
overrode self-driving by pressing the
accelerator all the way to 100% of the
accelerator pedal in this residential
area. They reached a speed of 73 mph
during this crash and had the
accelerator press even after the crash."
Chuck Cook said, "Here's the actual data
from the vice president of Tesla AI in
the recent crash. anyone that has
actually supervised FSE knew this was
the case. Hopefully those that haven't
experienced FSE can see through this
misinformation, which doesn't I wouldn't
expect it to be. Shock said this
blatantly irresponsible reporting does
more harm to people than they realize.
Using Tesla self-driving is far safer
than manual driving. This was measured
over 10 billion miles. Planting such FUD
in the minds of general public who might
not know that all all the facts might
prevent them from using this technology
that makes them safer. This is
horrendous that the med what's worse is
not the person who died. Of course that
is bad. That is bad. It's that it was
caused by the human and yet what what is
was media doing? Joe, how do you how do
you react to this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not too much into this kind of
stuff. First of all, of course, it's
always sad that you know that poor
person died. Uh, but we shouldn't forget
120 people die per day in the United
States because of motor vehicle crashes.
Just looked it up. So yesterday when
that happened, 120 people died in car
accidents. Uh, but guess what? 119 of
them were not covered. It was only this
guy covered or this person because a
Tesla was involved. And I ignored it
because it was very obvious from the
video before Tesla made a statement that
FSC was not involved. Um, so I totally
ignore that and I also don't think
that's a big contributor uh to the stock
being down today. I think uh the market
at this point has wisened up to this
kind of stuff and uh yeah so I don't
think it's big news even though it's of
course a tragedy tragedy but we should
understand we should put it into context
with uh all the other people that died
yesterday because of cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's why I'm so
disappointed that that's the media
reaction to get clicks. And uh I've been
saying for a while now that they have
blood in their hands at this point. If
you are out there publicizing and trying
to convince the public that FSD
supervised is uh is unsafe, you have
blood in your hands. You are slowing
down the safety issue. So these
journalists better wake
&gt;&gt; up.
&gt;&gt; Holding the media accountable. Well, I I
know Elon is busy, but I think this
whole holding people accountable is very
important. We have a case in Germany. I
don't know if you saw that. Uh my
biggest tweet, I think like my post has
like 1.5 million views or something at
this point where I reported on first. I
also CCed Elon. I don't know if you saw
it, but in Germany, the ZTF uh the
second largest TV station, state-owned
TV station together with the other TV,
uh stateowned TV station, they have 30%
market share. So, these are huge TV
stations. They lied about Elon and they
basically said in on TV they said Elon
called upon the Irish people to hunt
down migrants and kill them like like
that verbatim. And then I saw it. I, you
know, posted to Elon and said, "Elon,
you need to sue these people." Because
if you don't, same with FST. If you
don't, people just believe it. What What
are you supposed to do? If you're like a
random normal person and you read this
like, "Oh, pretty bad. Elon calls for
murdering migrants. Oh, pretty bad. You
know, Tesla kills grandmas in their
homes with FSD." So, we have to
understand for us, you know, we are used
to this. We are media savvy. We are an X
every day. And we discounted right away.
We was like, "Yeah, whatever. Fake
news." But we shouldn't forget there are
normal people out there who can't afford
to be on X and double check everything
and be on every story all the time. They
read it and they have to believe it. And
I think, "Oh, Elon is pretty bad. He
calls for people getting murdered in the
street." And he has FSD and that kills
people. And so I think even though I'm
against suing people in general, but
when it's the state media, when it's
politicians, Ro Connor and the whole
thing, you probably saw what Elon and
Rose are doing there. And if it's very
big outlets like that who just blatantly
lie and you know that they know, you
just know that they know and they on
purpose distort news, I think it's time
to sue because it hurts people. It kills
people. It prevents people from using
FSD, for example, uh or politically,
maybe even worse, right? It riles up the
population. Uh it increases Elon's risks
when when it's political that a crazy
person tries to do something to Elon,
right? So these are all it's not fun. I
think it's very important that there are
measures taken against that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I want him to sue these uh these
people that we need to stop them the
media from reporting blatantly false
information that they knew or announcing
it before they even find out and then
you know wording it in such a way that
made it sound like it's already a fact.
So most important is people dying and
we're on the side that FSE supervised is
proven already to be safer. all the
studies have proven it uh starting to
more data is starting to show it and so
that's critical but of course the stock
also took a major hit and I wanted to
ask you if you think this had something
to do with it because this is now you
know at the time of recording and a few
minutes ago this has fallen $22 in today
and then uh you know Barren is reporting
that Tesla stock hit by fatal crash
investigation this is what they think is
happening uh but you're saying you don't
think it was to do with this.
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think that has anything to
do with it. If anything, maybe half a
percent or something at best are uh
accountable for for this, but uh I think
it has to do with much bigger things in
the market. Um what I observed
yesterday, for example, SpaceX down
dramatically 16%. And Tesla up against
the entire market for no reason. So
that's weird because I think Tesla is in
a weak position right now. And I told
everyone I think it's like bleeding a
little bit until you know Cyber Cap is
doing something on a very tactical level
week by week. And so I was very
surprised that Tesla was up yesterday. I
think it has to do with SpaceX being
down so much. And I think there's an
inverse relationship. It's just that's a
total guess right now. But today we see
the same thing. SpaceX up 5% which is
interesting. And Tesla down 5%. So as we
speak right now, SpaceX is literally up
5.16%
and Tesla is down 5.18%.
So they are nearly mirror images. And
yesterday SpaceX down 16% and Tesla up
1.5% against the entire market. So which
is both very weird like today is very
weird and yesterday was very weird for
no reason uh in in opposite directions.
So I think for strategic Tesla
shareholders who also understand the
merger situation uh this is an
incredible opportunity because I think
there's literally no reason why we are
down 5% today. There's no news other
than this FSD news which is absolutely
not news in my opinion. Uh so I think it
has something to do with the mechanics
with cash flow mechanics between these
two stocks.
&gt;&gt; It's good to get your thoughts on that.
All right, let's move on. But basically,
last bit is uh these now that they know
the truth. This is real data coming from
Tesla's, you know, actual telemetry
telemetry data. Is New York Times going
to correct their headline? They're going
to issue an apology for the incorrect
information. Sorry, I look forward to
the media issue issuing corrections.
Yeah, right. Right. That's what he's
saying. So, it's unfortunate. Um and
even if they did, you know how it is.
that first bit that goes global, that's
the thing that takes hold regardless.
They've caused real damage here. And
that's why I agree with you. We need to
do things to fix it.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's also like I'm really against
just suing people all the time, but here
you are dealing with very large
institutions and very systematic lying
and misinformation. That is intentional.
So I think that can be shown and also
it's just factual that it's wrong. So I
think yeah I think in in increasing the
economic costs of this makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Well and this is not the first time
right we've had I don't know I can't
even count it well over 10 other
scenarios where Tesla sued because
driver did this or the self-driving did
this a year later re uh investigation
happens
has been a single there has not been a
single one where it was proven that it
was actually FSE that caused it. It was
all provenly later that no, the guy was
drunk, the guy did this, the guy did,
you know, turn it was turned off prior.
So, but it's frustrating.
&gt;&gt; But it's also difficult, by the way.
It's it's not easy to sue because they
said not even FSD, they said on
autopilot, which is interesting. And
then it's debatable. Was it on
autopilot? Yeah, it was on autopilot,
but he pressed down the pedal. So, is
that legally still on autopilot? It's
clear it's BS, but is it suable? That's
the big question. That's like the big
deal about the German case. Uh where you
also had you had a clear lie. Uh and
that happens normally only with these
very large state-owned things because
they're sloppy because I think they're
untouchable. And I think these private
outlets in in the US are a little bit
more cautious. I mean, they're super
malicious, but I think they're they know
what they're doing. They're formulated
in a way where it's not that easy to sue
them, I think.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know what? It's headlines.
Even if there is a headline that says
Tesla sues media outlets because of
blatant um misinformation, even if they
can't sue them, that's enough. All
right, let's move on. Real meat of the
stories. Despite the headlines, these
things are happening. Look at this. This
is Joe Techmar. He's back and he's
taking videos and he found for the first
time a bunch of cyber cabs. 10 of them
driving in a test track in a large pack.
I was just in time to capture this
testing underway. To my knowledge, this
is the largest group of cyber caps on
the track at any given time so far on
the one-year anniversary of the robo
taxi service going live, which is
yesterday. I think this is encouraging
to see. I hope soon we see these out on
the streets taking paying passengers,
scaling the robo taxi service fleet up
and expanding to new locations. So, this
is the test track that they just built.
That's why it looks kind of still icky
because it's literally just built
specifically probably very likely for
cyber cap testing. And you can imagine
that we got 10 of them here, but they're
going to be many, many, many more
simulating little cities, I bet. But
here we go. This is happening. Um,
turn off the music there as he'll play
uh Joe's video here on what's happening.
Yeah. Thoughts on this?
I mean we see uh this is interesting of
course but I think more interesting is
all the parking lots uh there is another
person I think in Houston who is now
like on the ground and on X he's posting
more and more updates I think it's
Houston uh it's not Austin so it's
Houston or Dallas I think Houston and he
posts updates on the cyber cap lot where
there are more and more parked I think
now they went up from 45 to 55 these
These are important indications, right?
That's it. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think these are very important
indications because testing, you don't
know what's what that means, right?
They're testing, they could test
forever, it could test for a year, but
this year, why are is Tesla deploying
more and more cyber caps? And that's not
insignificant. 55 in one city, right? We
have 50 in Dallas. We have a lot in
Austin. Why are they transporting these
cyber caps into these cities? Because we
know from testing, from Model Y, uh,
robo taxi testing, you don't have 50 of
them driving around for testing in the
new city. You have like a few, a
handful. So, I don't know. It feels to
me they're preparing the launch. That's
what it feels to me.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. Well, we are,
&gt;&gt; which is like non-trivial, by the way,
Herbert. Like, everyone is has written
off Tesla right now tactically, right?
Look at the share price. No one believes
they're going to scale robo tax here. I
mean the stock goes to 600 to 700 if
that happens. So clearly the market
thinks forget it 2027.
Um but how do you explain these things?
They are scaling Cyber Cap. They're
deploying them. They're literally
shipping these cars into Houston, into
Dallas, into LA.
&gt;&gt; Why? And not one and not two and not 10,
like dozens and dozens
&gt;&gt; and hundreds and soon. Yeah. So I you
know people think I'm crazy like
whatever whatever they they have to test
they have to test drive them but that's
not that's not how it worked right with
with Model Y. You don't have 50 Model
Y's in 12 cities test driving that
didn't happen. You have one or two and
then they start you know doing robo
taxi. So I don't know. I still think
something's going to happen soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah they're not being they're both
they're being tested for two things. one
is uh the validity of the vehicle
because it's a new vehicle. Uh but the
second thing is FSE. They're they're
testing it out and they're capturing
data. They're that's why I think that it
is delayed. They're delayed because
they're trying to get enough data to
prove that these cars can truly function
in all these cities that they want to
launch in. And of course, the other
option is the other thing is they're
waiting until
Tesla decides that they're going to
acquire the acquisition or something.
You and I discussed that last week. But
the actual thing is the safety data came
back last week and 4 months now no at
fault issues by Tesla's robo taxis. They
really can expand now. And that is
what's looking like.
Okay. But the problem is it's now June
23rd and you've got basically a week for
several things to happen that they
promised just as early as first quarter,
which is we're going to launch these
seven cities.
Then we're gonna go and uh you know
maybe even have hardware three cars get
a hardware AI4 light AI
&gt;&gt; version. Was it was it seven cities live
by end of that includes Dallas, Houston,
Austin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they launched the two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So they have three plus uh Silicon
Valley plus LA plus maybe Phoenix. So
that's six.
&gt;&gt; No, I mean they listed out the list,
right? um Las Vegas, Miami.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; all that. So, we're still waiting for
that. I think it's going to happen
because it's not that hard for them to
just say there's two cars in each of
these like they did with Dallas you
said. So, I think that's going to
happen.
Um, okay. So, in terms of FSD, it is
being approved all over the place now.
And there's signs that the next places
could be London, Paris, and Barcelona
because they're hiring data collection
supervisors. This is another signal when
you start seeing Tesla hire these people
in those areas. It looks like that that
lease is moving forward in terms of
decision if they're going to approve FSE
supervise in these areas. And then um
and then also in the software of FSE
version 14.2.2.6
two new countries Spain and UK has
showed up in there. So it looks like
that those countries might actually be
uh somebody there is using that version
14 series to test it out there. So
they're being either approved for it. Um
and this person said employees I spoke
with when testing FSE in Spain said they
expected approval to come on the 30th
just next week. And Alex said, "Spain is
clearly a good candidate because uh Jan
of EV Wire pointed out that
um a fleet that grew from 19 cars to
around 30. There's already 30 of these
uh in the testing program that's driven
already 80,000 kilometers since
November. So, you know, they've been
testing it could be could be next.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think when we uh try to project
this into the stock, I think the stock I
mean these are all tremendous news,
right? But we are expanding FSD across
multiple European countries, more and
more coming online, uh the Netherlands,
Estonia and so on and so forth. So these
are all great news. We also see that the
sales are rebounding pretty
aggressively. So we have a great quarter
coming up. Sales are great. Cyber cap is
scaling. Why is the stock so weak? And I
think it's a it's really a function of
SpaceX to some extent, but I think
SpaceX is a standin for something much
bigger. And the thing that's much bigger
is you see the same with Bitcoin for
example uh is that there is just
tremendous greed and opportunity in the
market right there's a lot of cash
sucking things micron technologies right
RAM HK uh and all these things and I
think that sucks money out of hot
stocks. It's like you see it in crypto
see in micro strategy and you see it
also with Tesla. I think it's the
problem is there are too many
alternatives right now and the mindset
of investors is uh get out and get into
the hottest thing and that's of course I
think that is a much more strategic
pressure than a one-off news item like
the FSD crash because on a fundamental
if we were in normal market conditions
we have a lot of good news for Tesla
coming out all the time and that doesn't
help the stock right now.
So you're saying that yeah I agree with
everything you just said but um the
these are like these are tiny little
moves that we keep reporting look at
this and optimist we haven't seen it and
it's not been in news at all but the
factories being built I'm going to share
that next suppliers are being you know
signed up so all this is happening but
nothing nobody cares about Optimus right
now same thing with seems like roboaxi
people stop believing that it's going to
roll out because there's been no no news
&gt;&gt; and and the I think the mindset is also
very tactical. They say, "Well, call me
back when Optimus scales like crazy
because I'm buying Micron and Micron is
doubling cash flow every day or
whatever,
&gt;&gt; right?" And so they're chasing these
mega stocks, which is very dangerous
because they run up a lot. Like Micron
is down 11% today. So you have to be
cautious to chase and jump between
stocks because then you have the risk.
If you're not really an expert, you have
to first become an expert on whatever
stock you're interested in. Because if
you start being greedy and jump from
stock to stock, you tend to miss them
all. You jump on Micron, then it
crashes. Then Tesla goes up, then you
jump on Tesla and it crash. You jump on
SpaceX, whatever. The jumping is very
dangerous. But I think we are in jumping
times. I see it on my X feed like how
many people push me into micron. If I
would be feeble-minded, I would say
like, oh my god, I'm getting scared.
maybe I have to buy micron now at 1,200.
It's like it might go up more, but it's
there is a lot of pressure and people
are very shortsighted. They say like
look, they just closed another $50
billion deal. Let's jump on that thing
and come back to Tesla when when someone
buys a million optim optimus or
something.
I think that's very risky. I think that
is the mindset of our time and I see it
also in the crypto space because crypto
is totally not hot right now and it's
getting destroyed because of that
because everyone says well I'm coming
back to Bitcoin when it goes up and so
you see that this AI story and SpaceX
which is an AI story
sucks the oxygen out of the room and
that's a little dangerous because I feel
in general we in a bull market in
general we are now nearly at extreme
fear so It's all good. Uh, but on
individual stocks, there is definitely
some crazy stuff happening. Like, I'm
all for Micron. I think it's a great
stock, but this thing is up 1,000% or
whatever, 300% in in three months. The
Korean stock market, people like, "Oh my
god, it crashed today 10%." Like, yeah,
it's up 90% year to date. It doubled the
entire market and now it's down 10%. So,
I think people are really greedy and
jumpy right now. And that just means on
a purely technical level, you know, it
happens at the margin for a stock. Even
if 90% of Tesla shareholders are in for
the long term, they're not even
affected. All you need is the people who
are buying and selling suddenly all
selling to drive down the stock.
&gt;&gt; So I think there's selling pressure on
Tesla for totally non-Tesla related
reasons,
&gt;&gt; which technically is a good thing for
the ones who want to get it cheap right
before scaling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's frustrating. I can imagine a
lot of Tesla investors though very
frustrated sitting here watching the
stock do nothing and then they have been
watching other stocks go up and then you
get excited but uh all I'm looking at is
progress of the business and the product
and the stock is not behaving that's for
sure but that's okay what matters is is
robo taxi still going to roll out or has
it has it been fundamental FSE issue
that's going to stop it or cybercap is
not being produced no those And it's
like,
&gt;&gt; you know, I can just give everyone not
investment advice but just whatever
experience advice you get killed in
investing once you panic and start
chasing stuff, right? You have all these
stories like Ashen Brener, for example,
with his funds like, "Oh my god, he's a
genius. He's he beat everyone now in one
year." Like, dude, he had insider
information from Open Me. He went in and
made a lot of money in the first year.
Come back in 10 years and see if he can
beat Warren Buffett and all these
people. So, You need to be very cautious
and when you invest you need to become
an expert of whatever you invest in. If
you're an expert in Tesla because you're
following us, you're following the
discussion, you're doing research. Don't
just abandon Tesla and jump into
something else. You can research
something else until you have high
conviction. Nvidia, for example, I think
is a great opportunity. But even Micron,
I'm not an expert. I'm pretty sure
Micron there's something hot going on
there. But I'm not confident about the
the valuation right now. Not because
it's bad, because I just don't know. and
if I don't know, I'm not going to buy
this thing. And so
if you want to diversify or get into
other stuff, it's very important to have
high confidence. Don't just do it
because the prices are because it's a
beginner mistake if you start chasing.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's uh another update on
Optimus. Uh Joe took a look at the
construction of the Optimus factory at
Giga Texas. This is the one that's
planned for 10 million per year
production once fully ramped. And it
looks like it's continuing. Now you can
actually see the steel structure
assembly is now there. The structure
appears to have four floors, but that
could vary across the entire factory
assembly continues.
The footings have been completed. So you
can see the that's currently on track
for a late 2027 completion of the
structure. That's next year. But uh
people are building a massive factory
for Optimus. This is at 10 million per
year. This is the investment you're
watching happen. So the stock's not
going to move until maybe next year 2027
2028 when they start producing Optimus
but name meia any other robot company
that is building a factory this big to
make 10 million per year robot. This is
&gt;&gt; and also like one of the genius
&gt;&gt; genius things of Elon is that he looks
through the noise
&gt;&gt; and when you have a very complicated
situation like humanoids same with AI
compute same with FSD you have to look
through the noise and think okay what
can I be sure of what can I not be sure
of and what is the plan and Elon knows
he probably knows that he cannot be sure
that Optimus is the best robot so what
can he be sure off. He can be sure of
like, well, we have a excellent team. We
have the best financing and we're pretty
good. Can I guarantee that there's not
some Chinese dude or some other company
that might be a little better than us?
Well, let's see about that. But we can
beat them with scale. And that might
sound a little weird because you think,
what does scale help you when the other
guys are better? Well, if you plan for
massive crazy scale, you see it with
compute where they just outperform
everyone. You know, you can always buy
something if if either you win, which
could totally happen. Maybe Optimus is
the best or if it's not the best, you
know, and it's anyone else other than
figure which is able to raise a lot of
money and probably outplays that game.
But if it's Chinese, if it's whatever
German, Norwegian, like there all these
little things, you just buy them. If you
have prepared some trillion dollar
humanoid strategy with the entire
infrastructure in place and something is
missing like a world model is missing or
a hand or whatever is missing or
whatever someone else has better you
have you are now the juggernaut who can
make that happen. So it's about making a
very decisive bet on massive scale and
having that conviction that we'll figure
it out. We have the best team with Tesla
and yeah, could there something be
missing even something very important?
Yes. But that just means someone else
has it maybe multiple others and then we
buy them. So you can only do that if you
are prepared, right? If you have all
that in place because that's how you
beat them because then you say, "Okay
guys, you have a world model but you
don't have a robot or you have a great
hand but you don't have a supply chain."
like you know I think that's the genius
here is the conviction okay this is
going to happen and as humanity as a
whole right we know that humanity is
going to be able to have some super
kick-ass robot within the next four
years that's basically the big bet and
if that goes wrong that's bad then you
have a factory and you can't produce
anything because no one has it but the
bet is no we have extreme confidence
that someone including maybe us will
have all the pieces together or at least
all the pieces will be available in two
years latest when we have our factory
and I think that's genius
&gt;&gt; because it's true and then the genius of
Elon is also to understand what that
means it means there is infinite demand
for this stuff once
&gt;&gt; I mean even at 10 million per year you
can just do pick and place at factories
and there's enough demand for that if
that's all you can do once you get to
generalize auton autonomous robots with
all these skills and that expands it.
But you know, you're not it's not a toll
risk.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, you see you see the same
game being played with compute, right?
Elon actually, if you're totally like
honest about the situation, Elon lost
the race for the frontier model against
OpenAI and against Enthropic because
Brock is not there. But he said, "Who
cares? I'm going to build the world's
biggest compute, Colossus." And then the
second Colossus Colossus 2 and I'm
preparing the whole space thing and then
let's see what happens. Well, guess
what? Now Google Anthrop become
customers. Elon can buy cursor
leaprogged the frontier. So he has now
everything in place because he figured
out well all you guys can play your
games and be very smart. I just own
Colossus. What are you going to do?
And so it's very
&gt;&gt; and it's funny because people are
focused so much on the core technology
and said like well if you don't have the
best AGI and Elon says who cares I have
the compute and with the robots in a
funny way you can say like well who
cares I can build them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
&gt;&gt; even if I don't have them then you have
to come to me. So it's a very interest
it's like about seeing the future and
having high conviction and making sure
you play your strengths.
&gt;&gt; Moving fast is most important like I'm
saying no one else is doing it. Here's
uh Joe. How fast is the construction of
Tesla's Optimus factory? He he put
together a quick 30-se secondond video
to show the 3-month update of how it how
it moved. Let's uh let's watch this.
So, this is just his 30 secondond video.
So, remember just what is it? What does
it say there? March,
April. And it was like an empty field,
right?
This is weeks. He's taking videos of
each week of April.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's and Herbert, I'm always,
you know, because that's why we have
Pioneer Lens. Go to pine lens.org.
That's why we have Pine Lens because
it's about really understanding how this
stuff works. And also not just seeing
Elon. Some people have Elon derangement
syndrome and think he's evil or
whatever, but on the other side of the
equation, you have people who think he's
God. And it's very important to see that
Elon continuously fails in central
components of the PLA plan. And the the
reason he wins is because he knows you
don't need to win every single game. You
need to understand what is your
superpower and what is your weakness.
And Elon's teams, it's not just Elon,
Elon's universe has very clear
weaknesses. They are not good in in
foundational science. They just can't
even do it. This is Google is much
better. Anthropic is good in
foundational innovation engineering. And
they are not that good at it. Their
superpower is they are incanely good in
like mechanical engineering, factory
engineering and in having extreme
conviction and extreme financial
effectiveness. Right? So you need to
understand the the strength and they and
they suck. The Elon universe also
incredibly sucks at product like you
know I always say that a digital product
they just suck. They like Grock if you
go on on the iPhone app they don't even
have your projects which is ridiculous.
You can only get it on the desktop. Like
how hard can this be? So they have clear
weaknesses uh which and they have
incredible superpowers. And the key
about Elon is he understands his
weaknesses and he understands his
superpowers and he optimizes the whole
thing coldbloodedly and says you know
what I know exa he's right about
everything about his weaknesses and his
strengths and he ruthlessly leverages
his strengths and fully understands his
weaknesses and that's why he he's not
delusional he says
&gt;&gt; yeah the yeah the way I I I' you're
absolutely correct but I will say that I
think that Elon knows where to focus
which is normally the thing that others
are not focusing on. So while somebody
like Anthropic will create a smart AI
which is great and then they focus on
user experience which is fantastic right
how it how you interact with it that's a
typical approach Elon goes back to well
compute I'm going to build the biggest
compute and then eventually he thinks
he's betting that his AI will be so much
smarter than theirs that it will just be
better regardless right the the core
product is better
&gt;&gt; well or he understands Even if not their
AI will be completely dependent on him.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because they need comput.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Either I can use my computer to beat you
and be better or not. Then you need to
come to me for your AI. So it doesn't m
I don't even need to decide that I win.
And so
&gt;&gt; Y and that's why he doesn't do
advertising or he doesn't do UI. I mean
he they need to like you're saying it's
a weakness but it's not their priority
because they've got
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it also shows you a very old
iron rule of success. Don't try to
become good at your weaknesses. Just
ignore them and be weak.
&gt;&gt; Instead focus on the superpowers and
double
&gt;&gt; focus on your game. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's like if you if you are a two if
you're a 2 m tall dude who's athletic,
don't try to be like a runner. Try to be
a basketballer. Right.
&gt;&gt; No, no, you don't try to be a dunker
because you can't, but try to be a
better three-point shooter. Yeah, that's
that's what that's what you do. Okay.
So, in um Taiwan Economic Daily, they
had a report that there is movement with
Optimus in terms of signing up deals
with companies like Merl Automation and
Asia Opt Optical to accelerate the mass
production of Optimus 3. Merl Automation
will supply the robot robots harmonic
reducers and joint modules. And then
they've sent a joint venture in Thailand
to manufacture harmonic reducers, robot
actuators and other precision parts. So
you can see that the de the the
order from Tesla is so big these
companies need to create new joint
ventures, go to Thailand, create new
factories. The project will take
advantage of Kandali's existing factory
space mass production expected to begin
shortly. Then an Asia optical will draw
on a spherical and aspherical lens
technology to produce the components
that serve as a robot eyes. Then these
parts are slated to enter mass
production in the second half of 2026
which is this year and 2027. So these
are reports coming out that's happening
and you see progress everywhere. Scaling
robot taxi, scaling optimist, scaling
autonomy worldwide. Meanwhile stock is
falling. think like in terms of stock
one last comment because what is my
challenge right now I think we are in a
market where everyone is a little
hysterical you see it with SpaceX I mean
this thing went to 220 which is insane
$3 trillion because it was hyped right
and who knows where it goes now micron
like look at that stuff or even the
other rocket companies in runup of uh
for SpaceX so I think we in a market
right now for the next month who knows
How long? How much longer? Where people
are a little hysterical. They are in
like AI rage mode. And that means as
long as you don't have a shiny object,
you're totally uninteresting. You're
going to bleed as a stock. That's what I
think happens to Tesla. But at the
minute millisecond where you have
something where robot tax becomes real
or where optimus is being presented, you
know, the chance that this goes
absolutely, you know, ballistic is very
high. So hyperbolic, right? So I that's
why I'm saying like I don't think if we
have scaling of robotex we go to 600 700
I think we go straight to a thousand and
beyond even though that's not smart but
I think that's how the market is right
now they
&gt;&gt; all the people we talked about who are
waiting for like some movement sees the
movement and they go okay get out of my
cron now and then they're chasing
&gt;&gt; exactly and you have to you have to see
like you know SpaceX was nearly at $3
trillion if Tesla goes to three trillion
you know we at a thousand So, and that
can happen in no time. As you just saw,
it happens in 5 days with SpaceX because
people are crazy. So, you know, this is
really a market where it's not very
rational. It's not very uh strategic.
People are a little hysterical and once
it's glossy,
&gt;&gt; they because the stories are perfectly
eye stories. Cyber Cabin Optimus
obviously the assumption is just well,
it's not here so I don't buy it. But
once it's here, we can all go crazy. So
that's challenging for a tactical
investor because how do you even capture
that upside without just being
leveraged, right? So tricky times, but I
think that's the sentiment right now in
the market.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Joe. Uh tomorrow's
show you and I will publish is uh you're
going to have a very incredible show.
You're going to talk about the SpaceX
Tesla merger and specifically you have
some ideas of what you think the price
will be because that's what's important.
what is the price that SpaceX would
offer Tesla and how it is and that's
what you're watching for. So keep an eye
out on that show tomorrow. It's going to
be a good one. Follow Joe on his website
at pionerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.