Channel:     electrified
Title:       SpaceXAI Scores Big Victory for Launch Cadence & Insane S40 Recovery Attempt ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FrgjqevYLU
Published:   2026-07-30 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-30 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patron, John G. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. We have
SpaceX potentially getting a massive
green light here with Secretary Shawn
Duffy saying, "Breaking faster rocket
launches are coming. Faster approvals,
less red tape, zero compromise on
safety." And this is what he's talking
about. The waiver of specified statutory
requirements for commercial space launch
and re-entry actions. The FAA is
proposing to amend its commercial space
licensing regulations to streamline the
licensing process and reduce regulatory
burden for applicants. They're looking
to wave requirements of laws of the US
for a license or permit after
consultation with the head of the
appropriate executive agency when the
requirement is not necessary to protect
the public health and safety, safety of
property, and national security and
foreign policy interests of the US. In
short, the FAA is proposing waving
requirements under 13 laws for
commercial space licenses and permits to
operate a launch site, licenses to
operate a re-entry site, experimental
permits, and licenses to operate a
launch or re-entry vehicle. Let me be
clear, for now, this is just a proposal.
We still have the 30-day comment period,
but I would say the chances are strong.
So, this could potentially be a major
positive for SpaceX and Starship. And
those 13 laws they're talking about,
they're all related to major
environmental and related statuses that
have repeatedly slowed Starship in the
past. They're NEPA, the National
Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered
Species Act, the Clean Water Act, Clean
Air Act, Coastal Zone Management Act,
National Historic Preservation Act,
Marine Mammal Protection Act, Noise
Control, Rivers and Harbors, and several
others. So the core claim they're making
is that these requirements are not
always necessary to protect public
health and safety or even safety of
property or national security and
foreign policy interests. So the safety
and national security reviews will stay
in place. It's the environmental process
burden that's going to get streamlined
or potentially removed for FAA licensing
actions. And it is these NEPA reviews
and ESA consultations which cover things
like birds and sea turtles and so on
that have typically constrained Starbase
operations for years in the past. And
further when it comes to design
iteration which is crucial for Starship
becoming fully and rapidly reusable,
every meaningful cadence increase or new
trajectory or additional pad or major
infrastructure change historically has
triggered these new environmental
analyses and public comment periods. And
as we know, the process is quite slow,
expensive, and it ultimately becomes
vulnerable to lawsuits. So if this rule
is finalized as proposed, the FAA would
no longer need to require applicants to
prepare or fund full EAS or EIS's or the
related consultations under those 13
statutes for the licenses themselves.
And further, any license modifications
for higher flight rates or new flight
paths or expanded operations could move
a lot faster. And I do want to be clear
here, the FAA's public safety and
property protection and national
security reviews will stay in place.
This proposal is specifically aimed at
the environmental and historic
preservation side, and those have been
the primary non-safety bottlenecks for
high cadence reusable vehicles. And
look, we can almost be sure that during
this 30-day comment period,
environmental groups are going to have a
say. They're going to challenge this,
which certainly could bring litigation
risk to the table. And this is not going
to automatically greenlight every
Starship request, but in my eyes, this
is definitely one of the most direct
regulatory relief proposals that the
commercial space industry has seen,
specifically on the environmental side.
And as I said, for Starship
specifically, this is targeting the
exact category of processes that in the
past really has limited the launch
cadence and operational flexibility at
Bokeh Chica really more than almost any
other factor. So if this ultimately gets
approved, it would meaningfully
accelerate the path to higher flight
rates. Now, for any of you invested in
SpaceX stock, well, that's a separate
conversation. But for any of you guys
invested in Tesla stock, I really think
this is a tool you should check out. And
I have to say, for years, I did not take
the Mumu platform seriously because of
the name. And now I'm here to confess
that was a mistake on my part. Some
quick lore about me. A few years ago, I
was weeks away from opening a hedge fund
with an electrified subscriber. I was
all the way into the weeds and one of my
favorite traders, Ross Cameron, did a
review of the Mumu platform. He sold me
on it at the time. I then tried it out
and here we are with Mumu as the sponsor
of this video. In the spirit of full
transparency, this is not the platform
where I keep most of my investments.
Primarily, I use this platform for news
research, paper trading, and testing my
thesis and my options trading. But Mumu
does of course also cover stocks, ETFs,
options, plus crypto and prediction
markets. But for today, just to
highlight a few features I think you
guys would find value in. Number one,
the news aggregator is actually very
good. So, choose your stock. Here we
have Tesla. We have news aggregating by
the minute. There's a tab for
announcements, so SEC releases, and a
tab for any change in Wall Street
forecast all in one place, which really
has been helpful for me and this
channel. And back when I was still in
the financial world, I would always
encourage people to try out paper
trading. And I think it's especially
true if you're getting into options,
which Mumu allows you to paper trade as
well. And further, Mumu has free level
two data with 60 layers of depth. And
most other platforms that I've seen
charge an extra fee for that. And
further for US residents trading equity
options, Mumu charges zero commissions
and zero contract fees. And again, I
wish I had 25 minutes to go through some
things with you, but just for Tesla for
options, they have this unusual activity
tab. And this is part of the Mumu engine
for their research features. So, in one
dashboard, you can see all of the
unusual volume, any institutional flow
signals. And just don't sleep on the
financials tab with the key indicators
and income statement, balance sheet, all
the numbers dating back years that you
can see in chart form. and it gives you
the percentage change quarter over
quarter. And zooming out, you see a lot
of red, which is part of why Tesla stock
has been stuck for some time. I'll share
much more in the future, but for me and
my use case, Mumu really has been a very
valuable tool, and I think it could help
some of you as well. So, if you'd like
to support the channel right now, they
are running a limited time promotion for
the listing of SKH Highix that'll run
through July where you can get $30 in
SKH Highix stock. And if you do decide
to make a deposit and use Mumu as your
play account or test your thesis,
however you want to frame it, that
stacks with Mumu's other promo, which is
up to 8.1% in an APY and up to $1,000 in
Nvidia stock. And if you just want to
try out the tools for free, you can use
my link in the description below or the
QR code on the screen. And as you can
see on this table, this is really
everything that SpaceX is working toward
with Starship because as we know,
everything SpaceX wants to do will hinge
on Starship becoming fully and rapidly
reusable. And overall, Flight 13 was an
incredible success with new milestones,
and we'll touch on that briefly. But
looking at this chart, zooming out, we
have 13 Starship launches in the past 39
months with the maiden flight back April
20th, 2023. And looking at the key, we
have an average of 99 days between
flights, going back to that maiden
flight. And the fastest turnaround so
far was a V2 flight between flight 5 and
flight 6, which was only a 37-day
turnaround. And conversely, the widest
gap we have is 221 days between flight
11 and flight 12 with good explanation.
That was the transition from V2 to V3.
And then focusing on V3, we have 63 days
between flight 12 and flight 13. So now
the question becomes, how many days
before we see flight 14? And that's set
to be a big one because Elon did say
unless we discover problems after
mission data review, SpaceX will attempt
to catch the ship with the tower on the
next flight. Now, of course, at some
point, we would love to see both the
booster and the ship caught on the same
flight attempt, but that will not be on
flight 14 because on flight 13, one of
the only problems with the entire test
flight was the landing burn of booster.
Now, the boost back worked well. It
completed the high thrust portion of
that with all 33 engines, which was a
first for a V3 booster, but the problem
was the landing burn. It reit only eight
of the 13 engines, three of which failed
within a few seconds, which caused a
harder splashdown than SpaceX was
planning. But on the bright side, as
mentioned, flight 13 did fix some of
flight 12's boost back problems, and it
did get materially further. And flight
13 really was overall largely a success.
The ship made a soft, very soft
splashdown in the Indian Ocean and it
kept transmitting telemetry data after
deploying 20 nextG Starlink V3
satellites. Actual V3s, not just mass
simulators. And it did complete a single
inspace engine relight roughly 40
minutes in, a test that was abandoned on
flight 12. So really, that hard booster
splashdown was one of the only blemishes
on an otherwise stellar flight. But
given the landing burn issues with the
V3 booster, we should expect another
water landing attempt on V14 for that.
So the focus, at least for the catch,
will shift to the ship. And just as a
reminder, it was on flights 5, 7, and 8
where the booster did fly all the way
back to the launch site and was caught
by the tower. And on the heat shield,
Elon said, "Flight 13 intentionally had
much higher acceleration to test how
well the heat shield tiles would remain
attached at high dynamic pressure. The
test was successful." And as Brett from
Mark said, the narrative was heat shield
tiles are a dead end. But he said the
reality SpaceX can trade off
refurbishment costs against landing
odds. If the starship that right now
remains a floating contemporary art
piece on the surface of the Indian Ocean
had instead been brought back to the
tower, refilled, and launched again, and
then incinerated on re-entry, that alone
would have reduced perspective cost per
kilogram to orbit by 45% relative to an
expendable Starship top stage and 58%
compared to Falcon 9's estimated cost.
So what Brett is saying is even if
SpaceX only recovered the ship once and
then flew it again and then let it burn
upon re-entry after that one reuse, it
would meaningfully cut down the cost per
kilogram to orbit. And according to
their analysis, it would cut those costs
by roughly 50%. Just from one reuse,
which is exactly why he also said the
successful Starship splashdown and its
relatively unscathed heat shield were
much more meaningful than most realize.
If SpaceX can master Starship
reusability this year, that would
increase our 2031 revenue and EBIT
expectations for the company by roughly
three-fold and improve 2036 prospects by
6 to sevenfold. Even 2027 reusability
would put them ahead of schedule in our
modeling and meaningfully improve both
2031 and 2036 prospects. The difference
between a reusable Starship top stage
and disposable one is the difference
between $570 per kilogram to launch and
$100 per kilogram to launch. This allows
the company to train more of its
precious capital on satellite
manufacturer scaling rather than
replenishing a very useful Starship
fleet. And as Aaron Bernett said today,
SpaceX can already place all tiles on a
new ship in less than one month. This
based on their revealed build rate of
ship. He said SpaceX won't play around
with testing each tile. They'll scrape
off old ones and place new ones as
needed. They can even do all of them. It
won't take more than a month, probably a
couple weeks at first. The only thing
they need to worry about is complete
burnthrough affecting the steel below.
But we've seen that's not happening
based on flight 13. Thanks to the last
test, flight 13, it became clear this
will happen much faster than even we
expected. Now for SpaceX to catch the
ship at the tower on flight 14, the
expectation is Starship will look to
achieve an orbital insertion. Now for
how long and how many loops, we just
don't know at this point. My guess would
be the shorter the better. But Joe
Tetmier said as the Starship program
shifts to orbital flights, then longer
and more complex missions following
along each launch and flight becomes a
multi-day effort in stark contrast to
what we've been accustomed to with the
suborbital flights 1 through 12. you
know, the ones that have essentially
been completed in roughly t plus 90
minutes. And as Elon said early this
morning, sharing a video, Starship is
still floating in the Indian Ocean. And
to Joe's point, I think some people
would argue that the flight for V13
completed when the ship ultimately
landed in the ocean, meaning the
multi-day float would not be part of the
actual mission. But I do think that
debate is largely irrelevant as Elon
also said the ship landing was precise,
meaning it would have been caught by the
tower arms. And Elon did confirm last
night SpaceX is sending out a ship to
recover Starship. Now, this is all
speculation on my part. We don't know
exactly what SpaceX is going to do here,
but there's a good chance SpaceX will
tow S40 to a Western Australian port
where they can inspect it, maybe recover
certain components. But ultimately, I
think the most likely path would be most
of the ship would ultimately be scrapped
after they do that in-depth inspection
to gather all of the learnings they can.
We know SpaceX optimizes for rapid
iteration toward the tower catch and
cheap mass production. So, my point is
their ultimate focus is not having
museum pieces or these historic ocean
salvages of test vehicles. But look,
that's certainly a possibility. I'm just
saying I think it's not the most likely
outcome. S40 was the first ship to
achieve that soft splashdown, tip over,
and remain intact and floating in the
Indian Ocean. But leaving it to drift
would likely bring in some legal and
environmental challenges. But I think
the cost and challenge alone of getting
this ship, even just out of the water,
is going to be a non-trivial task in and
of itself. But according to Elon, some
level of recovery is going to be the
path. And that's likely to avoid it
ultimately being stranded on a beach.
And obviously if engineers can get up
close and personal, take some more
photos and do that detailed inspection
that will give them valuable data.
Again, they can recover whatever
components they want within reason. And
then ultimately they can scrap the rest
and not have to pay the fees and go
through all of the hurdles of bringing
the entire S40 back to the States. So
rather than having a portion of the
engineers focused on the task of
bringing S40 back to the US, my guess is
Elon would want those back focused on
S41 and the next flight. But I do think
any type of recovery and component
salvaging would be pretty awesome and
most importantly provide very valuable
data. And as we know, Starship is a key
piece of orbital data centers becoming
economical over time. And one of my new
favorite quotes ever just came from
Jared Isaacman who said, "If Elon and
SpaceX are betting on this right now,
that being orbital data centers, there's
no reason to believe this will not come
to existence. Never bet against an
extremely well- capitalized Elon." Now,
some people out there are saying for
flight 14, SpaceX will try to deploy
operational V3 Starlink satellites, but
I would push back saying that's
definitely not confirmed and I think it
would add a meaningful level of risk to
the flight. Whereas at this point,
unless something changes, it seems like
the focus is going to be the first
orbital launch and the first ship catch.
So despite the fact that flight 13 was
very successful for those 20 Starlink V3
sats on their suborbital trajectory, I
don't think the expectation right now
should be operational V3 sats on flight
14. But again, with flight 13, that was
the first Starship flight to carry and
deploy functional V3 satellites. And the
SpaceX engineers said they did make
two-way contact with the full batch. The
engineers were able to successfully
communicate with every satellite using
radio frequency and laser links, and
they downloaded key telemetry data from
the satellites. And six of those 20
satellites were modified with cameras to
image Starship's heat shield and the
exterior and to transmit that imagery to
the operators. And a fun fact, they said
several tiles were actually deliberately
painted white to simulate missing tiles
as imaging targets. But again, that
batch of satellites was never meant to
stay up. They rode the same suborbital
path as the ship and burned up after
roughly 20 minutes by design. And I will
say the pre-flight objective was that
the satellites would extend the solar
arrays and the antennas and would
attempt to connect with ground stations
in South Africa and the broader Starlink
constellation via high-capacity lasers.
Now, some outlets have been reporting
that the satellites briefly touched that
network, but SpaceX's own summary
confirmed only engineer to satellite RF
and laser communication plus telemetry,
not that full integration into the
operational constellation. But I would
say the successful laser link operation
would strongly imply that the hardware
powered up and deployed as SpaceX
intended. So hopefully in the next few
days we'll get some videos or at the
very least pictures of the ship being
recovered from the Indian Ocean. But for
now, how they're going to do it and what
they're going to do with it are still
big question marks. So right now the
remaining gap really seems to be a
reliable booster recovery for V3
hardware. And until that is confidently
solved, the system of course won't be
able to achieve that full rapid reuse
cadence. And that flight, in my opinion,
would confirm the narrative that full
reusability is approaching sooner than
some may have been expecting. And to add
to the excitement, early this morning,
Elon said, "People on Mars in roughly 5
to 7 years and Mars lander a few years
sooner." So, as they say with flight 14,
excitement is guaranteed with the first
orbital insertion and the expected first
catch of the ship. And that paired with
this new proposal from the FAA to
streamline commercial space licensing
understandably has many people feeling
quite optimistic. Now, I will say this
is to say nothing about SpaceX stock as
I see that as a separate conversation
altogether. This is simply focused on
the technological advancements that
SpaceX is making. Additionally, today
SpaceX secured a new $1.6 billion
contract from the US Space Force to
deploy a series of national security
satellites over the next 2 years. The
award covers 18 Falcon 9 launches from
Vandenberg Space Force Base in
California through the end of 2027. The
missions will support the Space Force's
space-based sensing and targeting
portfolio, SPSST, a growing collection
of satellite and constellations designed
to improve the military's ability to
detect missile threats, track airborne
targets, and rapidly relay information
across the battlefield. The contract is
the largest publiclyannounced task order
awarded so far under the National
Security Space Launch Phase 3 Lane One
program, which allows pre-qualified
commercial launch providers to compete
for lower risk national security
missions. With this award, SpaceX
continues to expand its role not only as
the Space Force's primary launch
provider, but also as a key builder of
nextgen US military space
infrastructure. Kyle and the out ofspec
team did a 70 mph highway test comparing
the Model Y to the Rivian R2 and the
TLDDW. The Model Y outperformed EPA
expectations and the R2 significantly
underperformed. The numbers for the
Rivian R2 performance came in. The EPA
estimate 330 mi. The actual from the
outofspec test 253 mi a significant
underperformance with roughly 89 kwatt
hours used. Now, the Tesla Model Y
performance, EPA estimate, 306 miles.
Actual real world in this test, 310 mi,
and outperformance with a battery
capacity of about 83 kwatt hours used.
So, just something to keep in mind if
any of you are out there shopping,
considering an R2. This one is old, but
I just wanted to add some context. Elon
said, just as Tesla made the original
Roadster design and software open
source, we plan to do the same with the
Model S and X. Understandably, many
people said, "Well, who really cares
because legacy auto isn't going to do
anything with that information anyways?"
To which I would agree. But whatever
Legacy Auto does or doesn't do is the
wrong framing. The main beneficiaries
here over the long term will be for
existing SNX owners. And specifically,
I'm talking about the repair ecosystem
and over time, people having the ability
to do more and more on their own, having
this data public. So people and/or
independent shops having access to this
detailed information will only be better
for actual SNX owners over the next 15
to 30 years. And secondarily, there's a
whole group of people, call them
researchers, modifiers, small teams, or
even college teams that specifically
focus on reverse engineering and
simulation work. So ultimately, this
will give those hobbyists much more
detailed information, and it'll take
their work much further than they could
otherwise go. I'm struggling to find out
if this is real or not, but just in the
off chance that it is, I want everybody
to be safe. This post was shared of what
we think is V14 light on the highway
fading off to the left and hitting a
concrete barrier. I traced it back to
the original post to being on Reddit
with the title FSD14 light hits a wall.
And the OP did say, "I take full
responsibility looking away at the wrong
time. The first three times I was able
to catch it, however, all on right
curves like this." and then shared
another link saying it was not the first
time. So again, I don't know whether
that's real or not. I just want to
encourage everybody to remain vigilant
despite how good the software is most of
the time because obviously if that is
real, it only takes a few seconds for
everything to change. On X, Darren said,
"If money is not going to matter in the
future anyways, why don't you pledge to
donate your current wealth of about a
trillion dollars to charity no later
than 2036?" to which Elon said, "I'm
actually going to do something along
these lines." I've always believed Elon
is far more philanthropic than he gets
credit for before we even consider any
type of money flows, strictly when it
comes to the technology he's building
for the world and how he's doing it. But
I'm sure we'll learn more about this in
the months and years ahead. Today, Whimo
said, "Our new Ohio vehicle platform now
features a completely revamped in-car
UI, and riders can now harness Google's
Gemini inside the vehicle. The best
autonomous ride on the road just got
even better. Early access is live now.
We'll be rolling it out to more riders
soon. And after a multi-week shutdown
today, Whimo also said freeways are now
back. We're gradually resuming freeway
routes for faster rides, starting today
in Phoenix with more cities to follow.
And if you forgot, the freeway pause a
few months back was because of Whimo
vehicles driving into active
construction zones. Separately, Whimo
vehicles were having problems driving
into flooded areas, but that was not the
primary reason for the freeway shutdown.
It just happened to be happening
simultaneously. There was a post on X
saying Volvo is officially discontinuing
the LAR sensor on their cars. And Elon
replied saying, "I did try to warn them.
Humans drive using neural nets and
optical sensors. Same is true for robot
cars. And many stock market eyes today
were on the Fed, understandably so. And
the summary of the Fed chair statement,
the US economy is showing impressive
resilience. Inflation remains elevated
relative to the Fed's 2% target. The
policy statement displays just the facts
and steers clear of guidance. There's no
soft inflation target. The only target
is 2%. The Fed notes nominal and real
yields are materially higher since the
last Fed meeting. and market
participants are learning to play the
ball, not the referee. But once again,
the Fed has declined to provide
guidance. So, of course, it depends on
who you ask. But all of that summarized
could lead to the expectation of higher
rates for longer, which is at least part
of the reason Tesla stock did have a
sell-off at the end of today, closing at
$298.32,
down 2.97%.
And SpaceX closed at $11255,
down 3.32%.
All while the NDX was down 2.06%.
Don't forget, check out Mumu linked
below. I will say again, do not judge a
platform by its name in this case. And
like I said, it's not my primary
long-term platform, but it does provide
me immense value for my specific use
cases. And I think some of you could
find value in it as well. Hope you all
have a wonderful day, and a huge thank
you to all of my Patreon supporters.