Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Just Made a Major Design Change ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqJB4ZKpfqk
Published:   2026-10-01 23:22 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-02 09:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. We should be getting
Tesla's Q3 delivery numbers tomorrow
morning, Friday the 2nd, and the company
compiled consensus estimate is coming in
at 461,974.
I'm sure you'll see plenty of
comparisons tomorrow comparing to Q3
last year, but if they don't tell you
that was the pull forward quarter for
the end of the EV tax credit, then by
nature, they're being misleading. So
Tesla's Q3 actual result last year over
497,000.
Just keep that context in mind. And
looking at the past three quarters since
Tesla has been releasing this company
compiled consensus in Q4 last year,
Tesla missed that company compiled
consensus estimate by 4,600 units. In Q1
this year, they missed by 7,600 units.
But then in Q2 this year, Tesla beat
that estimate by over 74,100
units, which yes, was over an 18% beat
to the upside. So yes, there is some
historical precedent for Tesla blowing
out this company compiled consensus
number. And yes, there's plenty of
chatter out there that this will be the
first quarter Tesla delivers over
500,000 units in a quarter. There have
been strong anecdotes out of China and
across Europe, but we still have
perceived weakness in the United States.
So ultimately, it'll be a matter of how
that balances out. And this highlighted
portion on the right just gives us a bit
more information because that's when
Tesla started giving us that company
compiled consensus number. And the other
thing I wanted to mention on the Q2
call, Tesla said that the company exited
quarter 2 with its biggest order backlog
since 2023. However, Vibbov Tunisia also
said that production growth would be
limited by the supply chain and not just
batteries, but because of electronic
components. So, between battery pack
shortages for whatever specific reason
and the Model Y L capacity just being
ramped up in the United States, paired
with the fact that Tesla delivered over
480,000 units in Q2, but only built over
451,000,
that means 28,000 cars came out of
finished inventory during Q2. So the
question remains, is this bigger than
usual backlog driven by excessive demand
or limited production thanks to the
supply chain? We will find out here soon
enough. We also learned today Tesla is
releasing a new version of the Model 3
in China and some other global markets.
And this version will have the highly
requested vehicle to load capability
plus the new bigger 16in touchscreen
that compares to the 15.4 4 in
touchscreen on the outgoing variant. And
yes, the new screen has an improved
resolution. These new Model 3s will have
the black headliner and the new Zen gray
interior, which yes, for this vehicle,
the white interior has now been
discontinued. And yes, this matters for
us in the States because it's likely
only a matter of weeks until these
changes come to the United States as
well. And now these new options are
available in China, Australia, and New
Zealand. And yes, some Tesla variants
already have the black headliner and the
bigger screen, but I would expect all
trims to have these new features by
sometime next year. And for those of us
that have vehicles that are not eligible
with the proper hardware for vehicle to
load, as far as we know, there is no
retrofit available or coming. That could
change, but it should not be the
expectation for now. And when it comes
to Tesla's earnings for Q2, you may have
seen this post from Trump over the
weekend where he said he approved the
new fuel economy standards. But what I
wanted to clarify is how these new
standards will actually impact Tesla.
The short of it, these new targets that
automakers have to hit from a gas
mileage perspective have been lowered.
But what I think some folks were missing
is that the penalties for not hitting
those targets were already moved to zero
as of last year. And so those cafe
standards, the corporate average fuel
economy, that was a big driver of the
credit pooling program that resulted in
a large portion of Tesla's regulatory
credit revenue. So once the fines were
moved down to $0, then no one really had
an incentive to buy these credits. But
part of the reason Tesla's regulatory
credit revenue has not gone immediately
to zero is because they can still earn
credits in global programs. It's not
just in the United States. As always,
there's a lot more nuance to the story
here, but just to point out, Tesla's rag
credit revenue in Q2 this year was $146
million, which was down from Q2 last
year of $439 million. So Q2 was by far
the lowest reading over the past year.
And again, this number does not have to
go directly down to zero, but I think
directionally over time the trend will
be toward zero. So in the grand scheme
of things, not a big deal. Just
something to be aware of. Also wanted to
point out this $100 billion being
invested into American autos. This is
not new money invested by this
administration into legacy auto. It's
largely just announcements by Legacy
Auto to invest in their American
manufacturing. Some reonshoring of
activities, a lot of which is to avoid
the tariffs. But for me, most
disappointing of all is most of these
investment announcements are for ICE or
hybrid vehicles. But the silver lining,
that's just more of a blue ocean for
Tesla. But it seemed like some people
thought this was a hundred billion
dollars being invested by the government
into legacy auto, but that's really not
the case. Hopefully, at this point, it's
very clear to everybody here. It's quite
important to me that everybody can
benefit from AI. And in my opinion, one
of the best platforms to get anybody
involved, no matter your experience
level, where you can just speak words
and then have a working app as the
result is using the platform Bolt. The
sponsor of this video. So there's no
having to deal with MCPs and connectors
or Versel and GitHub. With Boltnew, you
just speak what you want and then Bolt
will build it and deploy it for you. Of
course, Bolt.new continues to add new
features. So, if you go to the selector,
you'll see this new Bolt Forge, which
now allows you to select from these
openw weight models, which is awesome
because it can give you up to 50 times
the usage. And I've been complaining
about some other models out there where
I'm now hitting my usage limits within a
matter of days. But with these
openweight models available for
selection, like I said, I can get up to
50 times the usage. So, you can
experiment with plenty of different
design and really work on as many
different projects as you'd like. And
just to show you, let's say I wanted to
build a time blocking app that only my
wife and I can use. So we don't have to
pay any subscription for any service. I
would just sit here and speak and tell
it everything that I want, all of the
features, what I want it to look like,
and so on. I'd like to have a dark
themed time. And once I have the
instructions in there, I'll just hit go.
And this consent form for Bolt Forge is
just to let you know that your builds
will help to train these open models.
I'll click continue, and Bolt goes to
work. Then a few minutes later and it's
done. I can click publish and it's ready
to go. So I'll open it up and here you
go. Live on the web. So I can select and
deselect my wife and I. And then I can
just click and add an event. I won't add
anything else. Just click save. There
you go. I can change it. Drag and drop.
Pretty sweet. And let's see if I just
want to view mine. Yep, there you go.
Everything I asked for. Can see
different days. So this is awesome. You
just saw I literally spoke what I wanted
and minutes later it's live on the web
for both of us to use. So if you want to
support the channel and check it out for
yourself and you're ready to start
building whatever you've been putting
off, just head to subscriptions and use
my code electrified for a free 30-day
pro account and that's bolt.new code
electrified and you get one full month
of pro to start building. Enjoy. To
clarify, today Alexander said starting
this month, Gigab Berlin will increase
the weekly Model Y output from 5,000 to
7500 units in order to meet the
increased European demand. But this is
not really news. That's just a recycling
of the update that we got from Andre
Tirig back in June where he did confirm
7500 units per week is the plan for the
ramp starting this month. But so far
there's been nothing official from Tesla
that they've actually hit this rate.
Just wanted to clarify that should not
be a new demand signal. And looking at
this table from Roland of BEV adoption
with Tesla's market share in green. This
is an excellent visual representation of
how the United States is a lagard when
it comes to EV adoption. Of the 41
countries listed here, the United States
is third to last. And the three
countries with over 75% BEV adoption,
Norway, Hong Kong, and Denmark. Now,
getting into if these numbers are real,
SMR had a video go somewhat viral, and I
checked, and I don't think Elon
interacted with or boosted this one. And
just to be very clear up front, I think
that SMR is directionally spot-on here.
And the point he makes is certainly one
to understand, which is why I want to
cover it. But most importantly, I think
it's a great opportunity to add a bit of
nuance to the conversation to help
people understand the Starlink
constellation because some of the
assumptions that SMR uses are a bit
simplistic and I'm sure he knows these
things and just wanted to keep it
simple, but I do think it's worth
walking through. I think most of us know
about the V3 SATs. Each has 1 tab per
second of down link capacity, which is a
10x upgrade over the V2 satellite. And
the V3s have 160 Gbits pers of uplink
capacity, which is a 22x over the V2
SAT. But I think this is still being
overlooked. And that's the beam upgrade
with these V3 satellites. So think of
these beams like a focused radio
spotlight. So these satellites will aim
these beams at parts of the ground and
then the dishes will aim information
back up. But when it comes to down link
on the V2 satellites, they only had 192
beams. And for uplink, they only had
144. But on the V3 SATs, for up and
down, they have 24,048,
which is over 10 times more down link
and over 14 times more uplink. And so
from a down link perspective, that 1 tab
per second capacity, that's how it gets
split up by these 148 beams. So, the V3
SATs will be more effective at pointing
these beams to places where the service
is needed rather than pointing them over
parts of the ocean where that capacity
goes unused. And not only are there more
beams per satellite, but they're also
wider. And SpaceX has attributed that to
new beam former chips and modem chips
that can handle about 64 times the
throughput per chip, which is part of
how SpaceX is getting this higher data
density per beam and the ability to
adjust the width of these beams in real
time to match demand where it's needed.
So with that out of the way, let's get
into where SMR got his numbers. Sawyer
said that with flight 14 and those 26 V3
satellites, they added about 3% of the
entire existing capacity of the Starlink
constellation. And that number was
simply taking the 26 terabs per second
from that flight and dividing it by the
rough existing size of the
constellation, which is 870 terabits per
second to get flight 14 making up 3% of
the constellation. And as we know,
that's less than half the capacity of a
Starship flight because they can
actually hold up to 60 of these V3 SATs.
So in a full Starship flight, that would
be adding closer to 7% of the existing
constellation capacity, which yes, is
from a downlink perspective. So here's
what 3% of the existing Starlink
business would be. In Q2, the Starlink
line did $4.3 billion in revenue and
$1.7 billion of operating income, which
we'll call a 39% operating margin. So,
if we take 3% of those numbers, that
would mean Flight 14 alone could
equivalently generate $129 million in
revenue per quarter and $50 million in
operating profit per quarter. And from
there, if you annualize that, that would
be $200 million in operating profit
every year from that one less than half
full Starship 14 flight. From there, SMR
took logical next steps to what Elon
just said about next year. The goal is
to do one or two Starship flights every
week. And from there, SMR assumed full
Starship flights and a weekly flight
cadence. And running that math would get
you about $69 billion in annual revenue
and at 39% operating margins. That would
yield about $26 billion in operating
profit just from Starlink flights alone.
And then of course if SpaceX is flying
twice a week, you could double those
numbers. However, I think it's worth
pointing out those numbers and that
extrapolation has some assumptions built
in. And that's every new terabyte of
capacity sells right away at today's
prices at today's margins and keeps
paying that amount every quarter. But
Starlink capacity will not always be
perfectly correlated with Starlink
demand. So what I mean is new terabytes
of capacity will only actually earn
money for SpaceX in the areas where
there's an unmet willingness to pay. An
easy way to think about it, one tab of
new capacity that covers an area where
there's no Starling coverage is
obviously going to be a big revenue
driver compared to adding 1 TB of
capacity to an area where the service
already exists. And that capacity
increase is marginal. And this has
already been borne out in the data over
the past year. When Starlink went from 6
million to 12 million subscribers over
12 months, the ARPO the average revenue
per user went from 85 down to about 66.
So as the network grows and matures, the
average revenue per customer has been
coming down. Now yes, the caveat is that
enterprise and direct to sell could
change this equation yet again, meaning
maybe we see ARPO rebound at some point.
And for flight 14, those 26 V3 sats went
into a 30 and a half degree orbit, which
means from there they're not actually
reaching places like Canada, basically
all of Europe or parts of the North
United States. And those are some of the
areas where Starlink has had its biggest
congestion fees. My point being, not all
capacity additions are going to have a
direct correlation to new revenue. We
also have to remember some of this new
capacity is just to replace dying V2
satellites with a shelf life of about 5
years. Meaning net capacity growth of
the constellation is going to be less
than gross launches. So given early
signs of market saturation, the trend
we've been seeing as the service gets
better, we're still seeing the average
value of each customer trend down. So
again, just a little bit of nuance to
the conversation, but most importantly,
SMR is spot on here. directionally.
Crucial to internalize that a full
Starlink flight with 60 V3 sats could
add 7% of the entire Starlink
constellation today. And even at 3% on a
less than half full flight, the numbers
do start to add up quickly. Now, sure, I
may have extrapolated these figures a
bit differently, but ultimately, I do
think more people should be excited
about Starlink's growth with the V3 SATs
in Starship. And I thought today was a
perfect time for this explanation
because Starlink just announced Starlink
4 communities. High-speed internet for
your community from one Starlink kit.
Neighbors pay for what they need. You
earn from every connection. Neighbors
can pay for flexible hour, day, week, or
month passes, and you earn from every
connection. You can extend coverage with
additional Starlink routers or Starlink
kits as needed. So when you order these
kits, they'll arrive ready for shared
use. You choose a location with multiple
homes or users nearby. Starlink gives
you instructions on how to get set up
and then you can earn income every
month. And Starlink will take care of
the payments, user access, and
connectivity. And they said this is for
anyone, property owners, business
owners, and local entrepreneurs can earn
by setting up a Starlink kit where
there's nearby demand. And for now, the
beta interest form is live on the site.
I'll have it linked below if you want to
check it out. And this form right here
is the way to join the weight list for a
chance to participate. And minimum
requirements, having an active bank
account in your own name or business's
name, you're registered with your
country's tax authority and have a tax
identification number. And you're
willing to complete a US tax form, W8.
And just FYI for any new Starlink users,
in my description below, I always have a
link. So if you sign up, you can get a
free month of service. And I wish I
could answer more questions about this
new service. now, but there's nothing
out there yet. And when you look at the
form, I think SpaceX is still figuring
it out themselves because on the form,
they're asking, "What price do you think
users would be willing to pay for that
pass?" So, it seems like Starlink will
gather a bunch of data with these forms
and then in a few weeks, they'll give us
some more pricing and more detail. And
even for those of you that aren't overly
invested in SpaceX or Starlink, just do
not underestimate the importance of
Starlink 2, Tesla's robo taxi business,
and future Optimize operations. And
don't forget what Elon said earlier this
year. All cars will have Starlink in the
future. It's the only way to get super
high bandwidth to billions of vehicles.
So yes, color me highly interested in
all things Starlink, even just from a
Tesla vehicle owner perspective. And
just yesterday, the FCC voted to open up
some new radio spectrums that Starlink
will be able to take advantage of. So
Starlink dishes already talk to these
satellites on a slice of spectrum. And
the FCC just said the satellites can now
talk down to your dish on that same
slice of spectrum. And the down link is
the part that matters for watching
Netflix and downloading things and
determines how many people can be online
at once. And simply put, this new
spectrum gives Starlink about a 25%
wider spectrum than what they already
had operational in the US. And
importantly, it sits right next to the
old one. So Starlink's hardware is a
natural fit for the spectrum. But mark
my words today, the next 2 years will
make it abundantly clear that the
Starlink takeover is in full swing. This
afternoon, Elon just said, "We cut our
RAM in half for Tesla's AI5 chip. it's
now 72 GB of LP5 and a third for AI6
which is now 144 GB of LP6. This was the
only way to get enough volume for
Optimus production and it greatly
reduces cost. As it turns out, we think
this will have a negligible effect on
Optimus performance as memory bandwidth
is a bigger limiting factor than total
memory storage. The bandwidth was held
constant and this memory shortage has
been a huge talking point. Micron
recently said level 4 plus autonomous
vehicles will require over 200 GB of
memory and multiple terabytes of storage
and they expect similar requirements for
humanoid robots. And remember on a
conference call earlier this year, Elon
literally thanked Micron by name twice.
He thanked Micron for giving Tesla
reasonable memory allocations at
reasonable prices for the next few
years. that in the midst of talking
about how the memory pricing market is
pretty insane. For context, AI4 has
about 16 GB of RAM. And so capacity is
how much data these chips can hold at
one time. And then bandwidth is how fast
data can move on and off those chips. So
Tesla's keeping the bandwidth the same,
but is shrinking the capacity. But as I
keep saying, the Terraab cannot come
soon enough. But importantly, for Tesla
to be able to engineer around these
supply chain limitations is a huge deal.
Now, obviously in the real world, Tesla
still has to prove that this design
choice will have a negligible effect on
Optimus performance, but this also
reconfirms that the brain of Optimus
will primarily be limited by the speed
of data processing rather than simply
how much data the brain can hold. But of
course, the bearish read is supply chain
limitations are causing Tesla to make
material changes to design choices. So,
we'll talk about this a lot more in the
future, but a lot of interesting things
happening in this space. Tesla stock
closed at $35,411,
down2% and SpaceX closed at $148.7
down 1.85% all while the NDX was up.31%.
Don't forget, check out bolt.new linked
below. I think it's an awesome tool for
anybody to benefit easily with AI. Hope
you all have a wonderful day and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.