Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Why Tesla Is Diverging From Legacy Auto
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB_PQr34pOI
Published:   2026-04-09
Fetched:     2026-04-10 05:29 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The big legacy automakers are now saying
out loud that they're in massive
trouble. Toyota CEO Koji Sedo in a very
surprising move said that the company
will not survive unless things change.
He was speaking at a summit with 484
suppliers and he emphasized they're in
crisis mode. He warned that China's
affordable tech Ford electric vehicles
combined with their speed is hurting
them badly. Ford CEO Jim Farley in a CBS
Sunday Morning interview, he said that
China autoactories have enough capacity
to serve the entire North American
market that will quote put us all out of
business. Honda's CEO after visiting an
auto supplier factory in China said
bluntly, "We have no chance against
this." Tesla, on the other hand, seems
to be doing just fine. Tesla's
deliveries in China itself rose 23.5% in
Q1 compared to last year. Similar thing
in Germany as it grew 315% and 330% in
South Korea. Keep in mind that last year
Tesla shut down its factories to build
the new Model Y. But despite that,
what's important to note is that Tesla's
growing while the others falter.
Finally, the US National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration ended their probe
into Tesla's actually smart summon
feature. Guess what? They found what we
knew all along that the reports of
crashes turned out to be just low-speed
incidents. Surprise, surprise. The key
to win in this market, have new tech
forward features and keep moving fast.
We got Brian White joining us today. He
is one of our only true Tesla
journalist. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive on the
ground factory tours and interviews.
Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. This is uh something
that's interesting to see them finally
waking up. Uh but hey, at least they're
awake now. Maybe maybe we can get them
some coffee and get them in gear. Brian,
is there a kind of coincidence that all
three CEOs of large legacy automakers
come out and they independently make
statements like this at the same time?
&gt;&gt; I'm not surprised that Honda's followed
fresh on the heels of Toyota. I think
that the Toyota announcement got so much
news they had to have the the
conversation. They had to say, "Look, if
Toyota's in trouble, surely you're in
trouble. Why aren't you saying
anything?" Yeah, we will address it. We
are we are having that trouble
ourselves. And it's just a reality you
face. Jim Farley's been sounding that
alarm for a good year now.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so here's the news. You've got
Toyota CEO Koji Satto and what he said
is this. Unless things change, we will
not survive. I want everyone to
acknowledge this sense of crisis. This
is in a summit that he had with his
suppliers in March just now. And this is
surprising because everybody has been
saying that Toyota is number one the
number one they're the best that they're
powerful that they know what they're
doing that they are have a plan and
strategy but this is a CEO of Toyota
basically admitting that we will not
survive unless things change. He warned
the suppliers
um that it's a sense of crisis and he is
saying rapid industry shift Chinese
competitor speed in EVs and software. He
delivered this at 484 suppliers because
he wants them to boost their
productivity, reduce their waste, and
relax cosmetic quality standards to
match China speed. You guys need to move
faster. We need to move faster while
maintaining functional excellence. So,
they've been strong in hybrids, but
they've been facing pressure. We saw
that those new numbers from Toyota in
China because China has as you know the
affordable tech Ford EVs that is
basically showing yeah these are cars
that are good and even te even Toyota is
struggling now in China not just the
other legacy what's your understanding
and what do you know about what's going
on here
&gt;&gt; so China made a decision they are a
centrally planned government when they
make a decision that decision matters it
happens the decision was we're going
towards electrification it's a national
security interest. And if we can get
into it first and best, it becomes a
national strength where we will have the
ability to export uh forget all the
little uh widgets and ddads. We're going
to export things that cost 10, 20,
$100,000.
It's going to be a competitive
advantage. And you could point to it and
say, "Yeah, but the Chinese government
poured so much money into this
industry." Well, if you look at it from
a per capita basis, the US put more
money into its electrification efforts
than China did. The difference is that
in the US, only one company really took
advantage of that and it shows. Tesla
did take advantage of it. They saw they
saw all the battery production credits,
they jumped on it. They saw the IRA
credits, they jumped on it. They
adjusted prices as needed. And as a
result, uh Tesla's in a very strong
position and the other domestic
automakers aren't. Whether it's because
they only make cars that were too
expensive to be included in this or
because they just didn't make any
electric cars. They waited for the
return of the dino burners and they're
back. Well, that's great for a quarter
or two or three, but in the 10year
horizon, in the 20-year horizon, all
cars are going to be electrified uh or
outright electric, and they're just
dragging their feet. So, China's ability
to foster those emerging industries,
battery manufacturing, vehicle
manufacturing, has had a tremendous
benefit, and it's positioned them uh to
do it well. And I think I've talked
about this on your show before, but in
China, a lot of these state-run
manufacturers will offer to make cars
for someone else. So when uh GAC for
example or uh B AIC the the state-run
automakers and and by state I mean the
state of not the entire federal
government. Uh they say look we've got
two lines coming up. Do you want us to
build one of your cars on it? Because if
you do I need your blueprints by your
final design by November 12th. And if
you're not there we're giving the line
to somebody else. So they will they've
got that fire. They've got that urgency
and they will get a design in and then
next year it'll be even better because
it's not really the final design. It's
just final enough. So, they've got the
system in place, they've got the urgency
and it makes it really hard to compete
with.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. And they got the speed and
then they've got the high-tech focus
&gt;&gt; and then for so long these legacy
automakers, they just felt like um no,
you know, we got the brand and we've got
the luxury. But it looks like at least
in China, Tech Ford is the answer. Now,
even Toyota is struggling. Imagine them.
Toyota, right? I mean, they've got
they're the powerhouse. They got
quality. They've got price advantage.
They got speed. They they know what
they're doing, too. But even they are
further behind compared to China.
&gt;&gt; So, they are they're not struggling yet,
but they can see the writing on the
wall. They're actually looking forward
instead of waiting for the crisis to
arrive. They know that uh until this
year, the best electric Toyota ever made
was still not as good as a 2012 Model S.
Guys, that's unacceptable. The new BZ
has more range. Uh so, at least on one
metric, it can beat a 2012 Model S, but
that's not good. That's not good enough.
So what they've got is yeah they're
they're trying to plan so that they
don't have an urgent situation in 5
years or 10 years and they understand
the scope of the challenge.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, Toyota CEO sounding the
alarm which is very odd because they are
the number one gorilla in the room. They
know what they're doing and u they're
struggling. Here's Ford CEO. We'll go
back to Honda back to Japan. Ford CEO
and vehicle production in China. They
said he said they have enough production
capacity in China with existing
factories to serve the entire North
American market. Put us all out of
business. This is a uh CBS Sunday
morning interview. He was asked this
question. Now this is in the context of
uh there was I think a a number of these
CEOs went to the White House and they
were pleading to the administration do
not even let don't even let the Chinese
come in to build factories here in the
US. They were trying to stop even that
from happening but he's warning that boy
these guys have enough capacity already
that they can serve the entire North
America put us all out of business. Um
this is a statement from that interview.
He compares China's EV and auto surge to
Japan's 1980s rise but on steroids
citing advanced tech quality and scale
amid overcapacity and export pressures.
He is under his comments undergo ongoing
industry tensions involving US tariffs,
Chinese subsidies and competitive gaps
with Ford building over 80% of his US
sold vehicles domestically yet still
relying on important parts.
&gt;&gt; They can't compete. So they're he's
yelling and saying do not let them in
otherwise they'll kill all of us. He
says all of us but that does not include
Tesla. Uh
it's ridiculous. So uh they've made a
very conscious decision to outsource as
many of their parts as possible in part
because uh then you're not necessarily
subjected to the union, the same union
at least, meaning you can get parts from
a supplier cheaper. Well, as soon as you
start doing that, I'm going to get all
my blinkers from a supplier. Pretty soon
you go, gosh, you know, I could get them
even cheaper if I get them from
overseas. And that's what's happened.
So, so much of the car is made overseas.
If you look at the most American pickup
truck ever, it's the F-150, which is
like 45% North American built. That
doesn't seem as American as I thought.
Um, and it's a real problem. You look at
BYD, they're 80% in-house parts, not
just domestic, but in-house, which is u,
you know, going to give them a lot more
control. It's going to give them a lot
more speed. I had a conversation with a
Hyundai engineer years ago when um when
light shows first came out, the
higherups came to his department and
said, "We want to do light shows, too.
What would it take?" And the analysis
said, "It can't be done because we have
to validate every part. We have to go
all the way up the supply chain, all the
way back down. It's going to take two
years and cost $12 million. They said,
"That doesn't seem like a very good
deal." Right? It's because we don't make
the parts. We don't have any control
over them. We don't design them. We lean
on outside suppliers too much. Could
China make all of the cars to satisfy
the North American market today? Yes. I
think it might be tight, but yes, they
absolutely could. And they have they do
have surplus capacity. BYD's new factory
is larger than all Tesla factories
combined times at least two or three. It
is ginormous. And how do you compete
with that? The old guys are leaning on
the strength of their brands and their
brand loyalty. But every time you lose a
sale to Tesla, to Rivian, to to anyone,
that brand loyalty is eroded. And I
don't know a whole lot of people who are
who always buy Subaru or Honda who then
switch and immediately come back. I'm
sure it happens, but not not often
enough to make it worth the risk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he was referring to China's
current factories uh the existing
factories is enough to so to to do it
put us all out of business. But then you
also made the comment that these guys
are getting the parts from overseas and
that's why but Tesla doesn't do that.
&gt;&gt; They do, but to a lesser extent. Yeah.
Very little percentage.
&gt;&gt; So they could have done this too if they
had to.
&gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely.
&gt;&gt; It's just it's just focusing on too much
of Wall Street is the wrong incentive.
What Wall Street focuses on is what is
your profit this quarter? I want to if
you know what I'm going to think long
term next quarter. I don't think about
three, four, five quarters out. Japan
famously hundred-year plans. China. It's
just one big plan that covers everything
and it is long-term domination. BYD is
not afraid to sell cars at virtually no
margin. Uh and their margins as a result
are very narrow, but that's why they've
been able to expand so rapidly worldwide
uh in so many markets with so many
models. When they're going into Japan,
they made a K card just for Japan. Uh
and they do this. They they've got
Montreals in Sao Paulo. That's weird. I
didn't know that was a division, but it
is. They've also got Montreals in China.
Did not know that. That's huge and
diverse. They've of course of course got
city buses. Uh anything you want that's
electric and moves, you can probably get
it from BYD. Unless it flies, except of
course the Yang Wang U9, which kind of
technically flies, but not really. Well,
they'll they'll be there soon, too.
Okay, got back to Honda. This is what
Honda CEO said. We have no chance
against this. So, what he did was he
visited China supplier automaker auto
supplier factory in Shanghai.
The Honda president visited an auto
supplier factory in Shanghai. Upon
returning to Japan, he told his
suppliers, "We must act quickly to speed
up production." In 2025, Honda sales in
China fell for the fifth consecutive
year. Uh, clearly this is like the
canary in the gold mine. Canary in the
mine. Yeah, coal mine. I always say gold
mine. That's coal mine. I knew I caught
myself there. It's safe to say that
Honda is in a bit of a pickle. It
recently cancelled two of its own
electric vehicles. The zero SUV and the
zero sedan. What a great name. O SUV.
&gt;&gt; Living up to it.
&gt;&gt; Along with the Acura SRSX surv revival.
They'll book up to 15.8 billion in
losses. Okay. Okay, I mean they've all
many so many of them have lost track
have been doing write downs on EV
development and um issues go deeper than
EVs most
with most longrunning name plates
Honda's having a hard time remaining
competitive in China sales collapse in
just a few years from a peak of 1.62
million to only 640,000 units. Yeah,
only about half of its manufacturing is
being utilized. There you go. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; big issue.
&gt;&gt; And at half utilization, you are going
to bleed money. There are economies of
scale. Building the first of something,
it costs, you know, a billion dollars.
The second one costs half a billion and
50,000 or something like that. And as
the scale grows, when you've got a line
that's underutilized, and we're seeing
it with the Cybertruck, the Cybertruck
line is desperately underutilized. As a
result, they're not able to reduce
prices as aggressively as anyone would
like uh and while maintaining margin.
It's surprising to see Honda do this
with the success they had with Civic and
Accord for decades. uh it was just kind
of a foregone conclusion that they would
sort this out. But without the
introduction of a serious electric car,
I don't know how they intend to operate
in markets that have a uh zero emission
standard coming up, a mandate. Many
countries 2030 to 2035, they want to be
100% electric. And you just can't you
can't sell a car in that market unless
you have one that meets those criteria.
So Honda is waking up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, they're waking up kind of
too late. They're all waking up now, but
it's not it wasn't hidden that China
speed was the real thing. And Tesla
Speed, by the way, you might have heard
about China Speed and how local
automakers can develop a brand new model
in two years or less. By comparison,
legacy brands often need twice as long,
sometimes even more to engineer new
product. And um the China suppliers are
not only able to match this pace but
also do so with cost efficiency that the
biggest names can only dream of. That's
why he said after returning from one of
those supplier automakers, we must act
quickly. Um yeah, so they're they're
restoring their independent R&amp;D
division, reallocate relocating
thousands of engineers to newly
established engineering subsidiary.
Yeah. Good luck. Hope you guys make
&gt;&gt; What do you mean you're restoring the
independent R&amp;D? What? Why did you think
that was a good idea to Well, we
perfected the the gas engine, you guys.
I I don't know what the thinking is. Uh
we're seeing it in China. I was in
Guangjo and there are a lot of Toyotas
on the road and then it occurred to me
and I asked someone local, where are
those made? Oh, that that Toyota that's
made right here in town at the at the
local factory. It is not made by Toyota.
It is made by GAC. And I said, "Uh, what
is it? Is it?" "Yeah, of course it's
electric." I'm like, "Oh, that none of
it is Japan's technology. It's all a
local. It's basically a Toyotaashaped
Chinese EV."
&gt;&gt; And that's great except you can't export
them. you put in so many uh import
controls to restrict the flow of those
vehicles that if you tried to send them
back to Japan, uh you'd find they're
probably too expensive. And now Japan's
got incentives that make it so that uh
that prioritize locally built EVs over
the imported ones. I get it. All the
countries try to do that when they have
a domestic manufacturing base to
protect. I just don't know how, you
know, it's like Stellantis. Their plan
was, "Okay, so we're going to tell the
government to put big import
restrictions while we think of this
through." Okay, now that we're thinking
it through, we're going to partner with
all these Chinese companies to import
them. What do you mean there's tariffs,
my friend? That was your idea. You told
us to put the tariffs on them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're just not thinking. And I think
sometimes they've got two different
divisions pushing two different ideas
that don't necessarily connect.
&gt;&gt; So the name of game is to create cars
with speed, with quality, but now you
need to think about tech forward
features. Let's talk Tesla
&gt;&gt; because a few things about Tesla's uh
numbers and vehicle sales deliveries
have gone up despite what you saw in Q1
here. So, the Nitsa uh government or
government entity said that it closed
its investigation into Tesla's actually
smart summon feature.
&gt;&gt; The agency found that almost all of the
reported crashes involve minor property
damage claims, zero injuries, zero
fatalities linked to the feature. It is
also found that out of millions of
summon sessions, a fraction of 1%
resulted in an incident.
So, this whole thing is hilarious. I
would argue a fraction of 1% is still
really bad, which is fine because
they're working on it. And while they're
working on it, no one's getting hurt.
People are getting annoyed and
frustrated perhaps, but if that's the
case, don't use it. I only use it uh I
use it sparingly. I find it to be an
unreliable party trick, but it's very
cool when it works. Uh so, we knew there
were going to be no injuries or deaths.
Anyone who's used Actually Smart Summon
knows that the car is moving real slow.
It's moving at the most conservative
parking lot speeds. The fact that
somebody thought that that was a good
idea to bring that uh to a whole
investigation is ludicrous and a waste
of resources. And when you do that,
&gt;&gt; you're taking resources away from an
agency that should be out there
protecting people because you got uh a a
grudge. Don't do that.
&gt;&gt; Don't do it. And the point is that make
new features new features that is very
useful. Actual smart summon um you can
call the car. We love it by the way. I
know you said you use it sparingly. We
use it a lot. My wife loves it when we
come out of a restaurant. She actually
always asks me, "Can you just get it to
come with someone?" So you press a
button on your phone. You still need to
press a button. They're just trying to
be super careful. You can actually see
the car on the app on the phone, but
then the car, as long as you're within
range, right? Can't be too far away from
it, it'll come out of the parking lot on
its own and drive up to you.
&gt;&gt; Again, very slow, so it's very safe. Uh,
and here's Did you see that? What did he
say there? Um, millions of sessions
already, less than 1% is an issue. And
it's usually just small, not humans, by
the way. It's hitting like parking lot
structures, things like that,
&gt;&gt; right? It's hitting like cart corral.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or or curbs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, this is interesting,
Brian. Um, you know, we just saw Q1
deliveries and it was not as lower than
expectations. You've already described
that. That's expectations from some
other entities in case of in this case
analysts coming up with their own number
what they expected. But deliveries are
lower than what we had previously done.
But now we're seeing deliveries rise in
in this case in China Shanghai and we're
going to show you other places where
it's going up. What's your take on this?
23.5% in Q1. Now this is in compared to
last year. So that muddies up the water.
Uh but still March volume surged 46%
from the previous month. And again, you
got to explain that there's holidays,
that it's January, February is usually
slower months anyways, regardless of
just regular car buying,
&gt;&gt; but um in general, is this good news?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's the news we were looking
for. Uh, of course, last year was going
to be lower. Uh, but every time there's
any dip anywhere, the haters jump on it
and say, "See, proof. I have one data
point, therefore there's a trend." The
trends don't work that way. you need
multiple data points. I always tell them
to zoom out and they never do because if
they did, they would see what they're
doing and have to admit it and they're
not going to do that. We see this in a
bunch of different markets where the
narrative is that Tesla's done. It's
over. And since 2019, 2020, we've been
hearing that about China. Everybody who
wants one's already got one. What's
left? You're not going to stay in this.
Well, now the competition is coming.
They're going to take all of Tesla's
sales. And then of course we even saw
people saying look Neo and uh Xpang and
uh you know BYD they're they're gaining
market share and Tesla isn't. Why is
that? And I say because Tesla hasn't
built another factory. The factory is
running at full speed. It can't run any
faster. If other people make more cars
they're going to sell more cars. If you
like it's already at 100%. I don't know
what to tell you. Uh Tesla will
prioritize exports because those have a
better margin. And now if you're really
worried about demand, uh Tesla's
introduced the Y L in China. It's now
exporting it to Australia, New Zealand.
Eight more countries were added just
last week. Uh Singapore, Japan,
Malaysia, a bunch of them. And those are
generating a lot of interest in the
market. I'm confident we'll see that in
all the markets at some point. And as
much as people don't need a bigger car,
uh they there's a lot of interest in
this particular slightly bigger car.
&gt;&gt; Is this a data point, Brian, or is this
uh a trend now? So, we see in Germany,
it looks like that new car sale
registration Germany quadrupled in
March.
&gt;&gt; Uh
100 cars a day, 100 cars a day is not
nothing. Uh Germany's population is what
that of California. Um 100 cars a day I
guess would be kind of lean in
California but it's recovering. The only
question is what the sentiment on the
ground is. And the bigger question is,
is Tesla participating in the lease
programs that are so popular among uh
German automotive consumers where they
have, you know, where they don't buy the
car, it's like purchase through their
work. Um, that's kind of a European
thing. Uh, so I don't I don't know to
what extent they're participating in
that, to what extent it matters. But,
uh, the people saying it's the end of
the road aren't paying attention. And
even if it the declines were more
precipitous, uh Tesla's going in a
different direction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, don't look at the 315%
year-over-year. That's odd number. Don't
look at it too much. But in general,
like you said, it's at least not
falling. Uh it says here the grow the
German market grew 16%. With battery
electric vehicles rising 66% to 70,000
registrations and capturing 24% share.
So, it is the move to EVs is still
happening in Germany. And then this is
South Korea. Similar kind of scenario.
330% year-over-year increase
breakthrough in March. So, that looks
good there, too.
&gt;&gt; That one's more exciting because Korea
is a new market for Tesla. They've only
been there a couple years now. And it
was one of those markets where we were
assured that they would never get a
foothold because they've got domestic
brands. People are going to want their
Hyundai's, their Kia. There's no room
for an import. I guess there is. It
feels like big increases like that make
it uh make it clear that the Korean
market wants a car like Tesla. So, uh
I'm more excited about that. Gaining
ground in in the home turf of one of
your biggest competitors is exciting.
&gt;&gt; Same thing's happening in Japan now.
Again, small numbers, but uh Tesla in
Japan is doing very well. They're
doubling the number of sales centers,
service centers. Actually, they're
doubling service centers and uh they're
they're doing very very well. Again, the
point being that introduce cars that are
um tech forward,
&gt;&gt; that self-driving,
&gt;&gt; that uh doesn't have service issues and
so forth. And people are starting to
understand this. I did have a situation
yesterday on X where I said that uh
there are manufacturers who are just now
catching up to the specs of a 2012 Model
S and some wise guy said, "Oh, you mean
the car they just discontinued? Wonder
why that is?" And I, "Oh, that's a great
point. It's a very good point." The the
answer to that is the they want the
latest greatest cars and volume is how
you get that. A Model Y performance
today is cheaper than a Model S was and
has and beats it on every metric, on
range, on acceleration, on the tech, on
absolutely everything. It's a better car
for cheaper. So why uh and the appetite
for 90 to 100,000 plus cars is limited
and it's suffering right now. It's
struggling. And if you look at the other
expensive EV makers, Rivian and Lucid,
you'll see they're posting truly
terrible numbers. And you would think
that with the with the elimination of
the SNX, maybe that'll help Lucid and
Rivian. It certainly won't hurt them.
So, uh, yeah, the the cars have just
gotten better. Next year, I expect the
gasoline powered cars to get half a
percent better, maybe 1% better. They're
going to cost 3% more. But the electric
cars, I expect to see them get two,
five, 10% better and 5% cheaper.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The most important thing is
self-driving. That's now to the point.
So, I've been telling a story quite
often where I said that uh my two
brothers bought Teslas a long time ago
along with me. Uh but my sister who his
family her family is so ingrained in
BMWs and Mercedes for decades and there
I I tell the story they always fly to
Germany a German factory they take
possession of the car there and then
they import it into Canada that's
reduction in price and import all that
kind of stuff but that's they love
Mercedes tours they're big fan brand
loyalty and in fact last two years ago
no yeah two years ago she bought a new
car and she bought a Mercedes 80s
hybrid. And so despite us all telling
her how great Teslas are, she wouldn't
do it. She of course started to see full
self-driving and she's like shocked when
I was driving everywhere. Guess what?
She's buying a Model Y premium now.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Good.
&gt;&gt; And it's super expensive in Canada. Very
expensive. Um and she's made but she
still made that decision. So this is in
a one data point of course. can't read
too much into it, but it's just an
example of somebody who's so much into
and she does not she wants the luxury
feel and that was her ma main point.
It's like, you know, I don't want to
have a bare bone place, but she finally
understood herself. The tech matters
more than that. It's it's it's it's very
similar to the Blackberry phones where
people just love the BlackBerry but then
didn't want a slab of glass. It doesn't
have a keyboard, but then they realize
it has so much more features that the
luxury feel just it's not appropriate.
&gt;&gt; And it Well, I can't I can't poke
buttons as quick if they're not
physical. Yeah. But I don't use that
feature. I I typically use swipe or
autocomplete or any of those that make
it a faster experience for data input.
Anyway, and on the Mercedes, on the BMW,
Herbert, don't you know both of those uh
come with level three? Well, they don't
come with it. You can buy it. Well, you
can't buy it now, but you used to be
able to briefly.
&gt;&gt; But that was a big promise, and I'm
confident that the sales representatives
in the in the dealerships were touting
it as better than Tesla self-driving.
&gt;&gt; Better than Tesla. Of course, it's not.
&gt;&gt; If you if you don't know, you can't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you so much, Ryan. Check him
out on his channel, Futurazza. Thanks,
everybody. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.