Channel:     futureaza
Title:       We Looked Into Donut Battery So You Don't Have To
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyFGXvJU7bI
Published:   2026-04-02 17:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-02 17:49 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is April 1st. If you're not aware, uh
Q1 was when Donut Labs was going to have
their big big battery reveal. And uh it
was going to be out in customer hands in
Q1. I expressed an ounce or two of
skepticism on that front because no, it
wasn't. That was never something that
was going to happen. And here we are.
Strangely, it has not happened. So, if
we're going to talk batteries, we got to
talk to somebody who actually knows
what's going on. We're talking to Jordan
Gizigi from the limiting factor. Jordan,
you are my go-to guy on batteries. Uh,
how are you, my friend?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing well, thanks. Can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; I can hear you just fine. I should add
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza Jordan
and the audience. Hello, everyone.
&gt;&gt; So, what we're talking about is, of
course, the big excitement. I don't know
if you've been following it. Doughnut
Lab delivery
ready solid-state batteries ready in Q1.
Company promises 400 watt hours per
kilogram energy density and five minute
charging for electric motorcycles
hitting the roads this quarter. Q1. Uh
to which myself and a number of others
said is it is it? Uh because we have a
chance to see some of the hype. Wall
Street Journal going with, "Will this
miracle battery finally change your mind
about EVs?" Um,
okay, that's great. Uh, but we've had,
uh, other articles which, uh, referred
to people like Shirley Mung, who, as you
know very well, uh, knows what's
possible in the lab and what's possible
in the real world and how those two
things don't always intersect. What can
you tell me? Oh boy, they they did
another announcement today. It's like
where to start? Because when you put so
much lowquality information out there,
it just starts to it becomes uh hard to
track after a while.
&gt;&gt; Um but overall, my initial impression of
the battery and what they were doing was
that they do have some kind of battery.
It's it looks like it is solid state. Um
but that's not the gold post that I was
looking at. I was looking at the
goalpost that they provided at CES,
which was a laundry list of the, you
know, the highest performing specs we've
ever seen in any battery. And I was
like, well, my guess is this is an OR
thing. Under certain laboratory
conditions, they can probably meet each
of these specs with a lot of caveats,
but I don't think they're going to be
able to hit everything at once fully.
Um, and as far as I can tell, that's
what we've seen, especially with the the
test that they did last week where they
cycled a cell that had brought been
brought up to 100 Celsius and after I
think it was what is how many more
cycles was it? It was like 10 or 20
cycles some maybe it was 50 cycles. uh
that after that it was just providing
50% capacity and it's like okay it
definitely hasn't met what I would
consider what they advertised at CES
which is a battery that can do all these
things.
&gt;&gt; Now we've seen some pretty amazing
things in the lab. Shirley Mung has been
a battery researcher for decades I think
it's fair to say and has uh torn apart
batteries in addition to developing new
batteries. she's uh her research team uh
she's no longer at UC San Diego. I think
she's somewhere else. What you can
accomplish in the lab doesn't always
translate to the real world. And we
didn't see the kind of production ramp
you would expect before a product is
commercialized. So, uh what uh what is
that disconnect between the lab and the
real world?
&gt;&gt; When you do something in a lab, it's
like uh making a pair of shoes by hand.
whereas uh making them in a factory is
like making um thousands of uh pairs of
shoes at at high high production volumes
and low cost. So they're they're two
very different environments. And there's
also when you put these batteries into a
product, there's a lot more durability
requirements. There's a lot more uh
requirements all around. They have to be
not just hit the specs that they
claiming they're going to hit. They have
to be able to do that in all temperature
and weather conditions within a battery
pack shared by thousands of or hundreds
of other batteries for over a decade. So
often you see people make an
announcement that's you know we have a
500 watt hour per kilogram battery and
then that slowly drops down like
QuantumCape. I think they originally
were targeting like 400 watt hours per
kilogram and what they have now is in
like the you know just above 300 um
maybe but QuantumCape over overall has
done pretty well on delivering but still
it's you know it's going to be seven
years after their original announcement
that we see something
&gt;&gt; and QuantumCape has very deep pockets.
They've had billions in funding.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're seeing research firms,
universities, companies all over the
world trying to crack this. Um, and it's
very difficult. People have said, well,
yes, but, uh, the Wright brothers had a
very small, you know, operation, right?
But science hadn't moved as far forward.
Uh, you the easy things have all been
invented is my argument. And the
checklist was long. It was the energy
density was amazing. The temperature
range was amazing. the the materials
were all abundant. I mean, it checked
too many boxes to not strain credul.
And of course, I Yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; When I hear the Wright brothers
argument, it always it's a frustration
for me because at the time, I'm sure
there was people there were was
obviously people dur when the Wright
brothers were about to make that flight
that thought it could happen otherwise
they wouldn't even be trying it. So you
always have whatever uh place in time
you are on the human timeline, there's
going to be people that say things are
possible and impossible. That's just the
way they're things these things are. But
the question is what's their argument
and what's their proof? That's what
matters.
&gt;&gt; So arguments matter. Uh logic matters.
&gt;&gt; When inventing a new aircraft, you say,
"Look, ours uh I appreciate your
propeller-driven plane, but ours is
going to go much much faster." The
question is how? Well, I'm not going to
tell you. Now, if it's wartime, I get
it. But I need to see some proof of your
extreme claims. Too many times, probably
10 times a year, I'll go out on a limb
and tell people something is definitely
good or definitely bad. And every time
people come up and say, "How dare you?
How dare you? You can't possibly know
this." And the reality is, I can't. I
can't. But I've so far got I think 100%
track record. on uh did I get it right?
The the one where I definitely did get
it wrong was I said Giga Mexico doesn't
make any sense therefore there will be
no announcement. They announced it
turned out it didn't make sense so they
didn't build it. So I was right but for
the but at the wrong time ah close
enough I say and my reasoning was sound
and I always share my reasoning. The
idea that a tiny company could in a
matter of months makes a product that
absolutely changes the world is a big
big ask. Uh then you've got this cheap
EV with semi-olid batteries wants to
battle it out with Europe's best. The
MG4 is the world's first mass market EV
with a semi-olid state battery and it's
going to Europe. So these aren't it's
not like this is never coming. We're not
saying that this is, you know, cold
fusion that could be a million years
out.
&gt;&gt; We're saying the technology to do what
we want it to do at the price we want it
to do it is not necessarily there today.
What is semi-olid state?
&gt;&gt; Well, with solid state batteries,
because you have basically let's imagine
them as bricks. uh when you if you try
to push two bricks bricks together, it
doesn't matter how hard you push them
together, there's going to be some tiny
little gaps in there. Um and that's one
of the biggest challenges with uh solid
state batteries is it takes an enormous
amount of pressure and often high
temperatures in order to get the the
battery to operate properly. Uh with a
semi-olid state battery, you just put a
little bit of jelly between the layers.
So it's not fully solid state. And
personally, I don't care about these the
differentiation between these, you know,
all solid state, semi-olid state. Show
me the performance and then I'll be
interested in how it works
&gt;&gt; because that's what matters ultimately
is what goes into the customer's hands.
&gt;&gt; Every time there's a new battery
development, you get uh some weird
skeptics. LFP will never catch on
because the watt uh the energy density
is insufficient. Well, it works. We're
there. It caught up. Uh sodium ion will
never be commercialized. Well, uh I
don't know. There were a few people
saying that. You and I have had a number
of discussions about sodium over the
years. And the conclusion was uh
research slowed because lithium prices
fell, but they will continue. We'll
still get them, just maybe not as
quickly. And that's where we are now.
We're starting to see them in passenger
vehicles in China, and they've been in
passenger vehicles in China for a year
or two now, but they're getting more
widespread as the technology develops.
What is your word of caution on on stuff
like like donut? Like like what? People
have asked me why would he lie about
something like this if in 90 days he has
to deliver? And I said I I can't get
inside his head. I don't I mean I have
some theories but only he knows the
answer to that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There's a number of ways to look at it.
I mean from him it it seems like from
what I saw in his video today, which was
a really frustrating video by the way.
um um was that uh he views this as kind
of a game. He views it as a marketing
game where um how much can I get whip
people whipped up and excited about
this. So in his mind he's not lying.
He's just giving selective truth um to
get people interested. So, as far as I
can tell, so far they haven't
technically lied about things, but they
certainly left out a lot of caveats and
um proof as well because every time
they've had a chance to give proof, they
left out the critical information that
would help qualify that piece of
information.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like the tests were designed
to allow the battery cell to succeed
without showing any of its weaknesses.
That's what I've seen in every test so
far.
&gt;&gt; You can engineer tests to do that. Did
you ever hear about the time Thomas
Edison told investors that he had
already cracked the incandescent bulb
that didn't burn out after 2030 minutes?
And he brought in all the investors and
he said, "Okay, come here. I'm going to
give you the sales pitch." He gives them
the sales pitch, shows them the light
bulb and they leave. They swap out the
bulb. He brings in the next investor,
shows it's been on all day. And Thomas
Edison literally did that. Uh he was a
fake it till you make it sort of
inventor at that time. And uh they did
make it. Uh but then again, Steve Jobs
faked his iPhone demonstration quite uh
thoroughly. I don't know if you heard
about that, but when he would show you
all the things it was doing and then put
it down, he would grab a different phone
to show you the next one because
sometimes in the steps between it fails
catastrophically. And there were a bunch
of other little they pulled.
&gt;&gt; I didn't know about that. But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; just just a small rant on his
presentation this morning. It's um I've
interacted with him online and so have
other people that I've known and he gets
frustrated and irritated when people
question uh the veracity of his claims,
but he also won't provide all the truth.
But he also wants to play this game
like, oh, this is just a fun marketing
game. So, what tells me it it kind of
reinforces my view on all of this, which
is they do have something and it's
probably pretty good, but they've
overinflated their claims. And the way
he reacts to people's questions and the
way he markets it seems to align with
that. My frustration is the people who
really really want to believe I'd love
to believe it uh being hostile and
abusive and aggressive and I would have
loved to just block them all but I want
them to be able to come back and uh have
the opportunity to recognize uh if
they've made a mistake and at this point
at least one part of it they did on this
video that they had put out available
today has but one meaning to me and if
you're going to lie that brazenly that
early to me that says I can't trust
anything that comes out of your mouth
after this. To me this is the canary.
This is the typos in the Nigerian scam
email. The typos are there because we
want the idiots to stay and the smart
people to leave. Uh so I don't know.
That was a a real brazen lie to me.
&gt;&gt; I will leave it for the courts to
decide.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know if there are any
victims. I don't think there's any
victims yet. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, if there's no victims, it's a social
experiment. Um, if he has not accepted
any new donations or uh uh investments
since the CES show, I don't think
there's a crime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who has standing? I think that's
the the appropriate word. Yeah. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. It's uh pretty exciting
stuff. um when talking to people like
Shirley um who you have done which you
have done I many times I'm sure what is
what is her take on on on batteries like
this? Uh generally she just couches her
words carefully. Um I know that you read
some quotes that specific quotes I think
that she had about the donut battery. Um
but
what was the word I was looking for?
skeptical to say the least,
&gt;&gt; but she she's somebody who's in the
space, so she uh typically doesn't run
people through the mud. She's very
political about it because she she holds
a high level position in the battery
industry. She's like the head of battery
research at Argon National Laboratories
and she's a student of the the last
people
&gt;&gt; who received Nobel prizes for batteries
and a lot of the work that she's done on
um assessing batteries and developing
new battery chemistries and methods. If
there's anybody else another group of
people who gets Nobel Prize for the
batteries in the future, she would be on
that list if they do another three in
the future.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. And it's tricky. It's tricky
the but it just kind of uh saddens me to
think that we look at researchers like
Jeff Dawn, researchers like Shirley Mung
and don't take their words or their work
seriously, but a showman who solved
general artificial intelligence a year
ago. Uh and I even had comments saying,
"Oh no, the AGI that he solved, that's
what designed the battery." Oh. Oh no,
my friend. That's not how that works.
Very frustrating. So, I hope no one has
been uh asked for money or given any
money to this project. I can't wait to
see what it actually is.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're they're shifting that
goal. I don't Did you watch their video
this morning?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. Uh so he when he Have you
heard anything about it?
&gt;&gt; Nothing. I've been online for a little
while now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh the battery that they tested
isn't actually the final battery and
they have a version.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh he said, "Uh yeah, we have
a version two coming out and then we're
going to start testing that one that has
much better performance." It's like,
"You didn't even finish testing the last
one." And then he said, "Uh, did we
actually test it for a 100 cycles?" No,
of course not. He actually said that he
said and then he said it's very
complicated how cycle life works. You
have all these different variables and
people wouldn't believe me if I showed
them the data anyways. And it's like
what's the point of going through this
whole process? You're saying that
believe my data but nobody's going to
believe my data. And he said that um the
skeptics if I actually showed them the
data they wouldn't believe it because I
have over 100% koolombic efficiency on
the first few cycles. And I'm like okay
that is a thing with batteries. This is
a well understood mechanism where after
a battery has gone through the formation
process. There's for instance a little
bit of extra lithium in the anode
overhang. So the first few times you
cycle it, it appears that it has over
100% kulumpic efficiency. But no e every
battery expert I know understands that
mechanism and they wouldn't say that's
impossible. They would just say oh no
that's mechanically that's obvious and
well understood. So just a series of
things like that. He was skating back
and forth between is this a joke or am I
serious? Playing on the the April Fools
thing. So,
&gt;&gt; and and that's just the normal burn-in
that you see with all cells, right? Like
&gt;&gt; most manufacturers do that before they
ship the cell.
&gt;&gt; Um well, it depends on the chemistry of
the battery cell. Certain chemistries
have more of an that um
over 100% energy. uh the first I don't
know dozen, 50, 100 cycles depending on
what the chemistry is. Like for example,
graphite has uh the way that the lithium
ions enter is they just slide into open
channels in the graphite. There's no
potential that has to be overcome for
that to happen. Whereas with silicon,
you're actually bonding the lithium to
the silicon. So you you need extra
voltage in order for that to happen. So
with a graphite battery, you get more of
that because a lot more of the ions just
kind of drift into that anode overhang.
Whereas with silicon, it's less likely
to happen because uh it would require
extra voltage to get those lithium ions
to push out into the overhang if that
makes sense.
&gt;&gt; And and and that's my understanding. So
yeah, it's it's a well understood
mechanism. And
&gt;&gt; uh yeah,
&gt;&gt; so what he's saying is that the
extremely long cycle life hasn't been
tested and because it's the wrong
battery, it can't be tested. Um and the
citation is trust me, bro.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's uh it sounds like they
might have a version three of the cell
or something as well. So and he said
they're going to continue this um and it
sounds like indefinitely. They're just
going to keep this dog and pony show
going for as long as they can.
&gt;&gt; And I'm I'm worn out on it after the
first few weeks because I could see what
he's doing.
&gt;&gt; Um, and that's not casting aspersions on
him, but he's from a marketing
perspective, what they're doing is
really smart.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yes. Uh, how often do you see miracle
battery announcements in the news?
Everybody claims their battery is a
miracle battery. It's just some poke
their head up above the water and
everybody a certain number of people
become aware of them.
&gt;&gt; Um so yeah that there's miracle
batteries
I don't know every three months every
six. Every battery startup is a miracle
battery. Why invest in it if it's not
better than the current state? They have
to say it's better than anything else.
Otherwise they won't won't get
investment. Otherwise what's the point?
Because I see, if I were to look, I
would see them two, three times a week.
The battery is the lightest, the
cheapest, the most stable, the most
fireproof. It can do absolutely anything
except leave the lab. Uh, which is great
if you want to drive around in the lab.
Uh, so maybe we just need bigger labs.
I'm not sure how that works, but I feel
like we've got a solution in there
somewhere. Um, there are batteries that
are already catching up to the cost, the
the the energy density that are lithium
ion or uh LFP or LMFP.
There are a whole bunch of ways to get
to greater energy density. Is there a uh
what is the next level of watt hours per
kilogram at which we start unlocking new
things like flight or
&gt;&gt; it's it's different for everybody.
&gt;&gt; There's so many different applications
because all these batteries already used
for flight uh used for things like that.
It's just um the higher the energy
density the more viable those things
become over time. So I think it's going
to be rather than like a step change,
it's just going to be a constant creep
towards economic viability
&gt;&gt; with Yeah. with longer and longer routes
making sense. And yeah, if you can get
tremendous range in a vehicle at a great
price without it weighing 9 tons,
looking at you, Hummer. Okay. 4.5 tons.
I mean, 9,000 lbs. Let's be real. And it
still doesn't have great range. it's
just a brick. Um, then yeah, all of
those things are going to help. Uh, is
solid state still a holy grail or have
we a bit moved on from there? Because
the other batteries are getting
fireproof, they're getting energy dense,
they're getting fast charging.
&gt;&gt; It holds potential still. Um, you know,
maybe in 10 or 15 years we'll have solid
state batteries that are uh an
improvement on liquid electrolyte
batteries that can be used in anything
and maybe completely replace liquid
electrolyte batteries. But by that
point, it will be more of a gradual
transition again rather than any sort of
serious step change. And that's what
we're already currently seeing. a lot of
the solid state batteries there they do
offer an perform uh offer range
improvement but you have to there's all
this additional cost so that I I guess
to boil it down every battery comes with
trade-offs
&gt;&gt; you have to pay the piper one way or
another and it's this slow technology
improvements it's more of a creeping
thing rather than ever being a step
change and yeah we have tens of
thousands of scient scientists and
engineers working on this, just grinding
away, swapping this molecule with this
one and just slowly tapping away at it
in order to make improvements overall.
&gt;&gt; But Donut Labs has three
of the 10,000
&gt;&gt; and I'm not sure they do. I think they
have one and I'm not sure that it's
actually their product. I think they
bought it. Well, that well that's
another thing is like maybe this is what
they were sold and they're not actually
producing the batteries yet, but they're
getting lab samples out of another
company that's actually manufacturing
them. Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; make more sense. Yeah, to me it would
because maybe they've been sold on this
and maybe that's why they're hyped about
it and they're just they're kind of the
middleman between this actual
manufacturer and uh Verge.