Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Hit Its Biggest Robotaxi Milestone
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFRm97NdTX0
Published:   2026-07-02 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-02 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla just crossed one of the biggest
milestones in its history and the one
many investors have been waiting years
to see. For the first time ever, Tesla's
production Cyber Cap with no steering
wheel and no pedals is now driving on
public roads in Austin. This wasn't a
concept vehicle or a prototype. It's a
true production Cyber Cap. Elon Musk
confirmed it's driving itself, giving
investors the clearest signal yet that
Tesla has entered the final phase before
commercial deployment. But that's only
part of the story. Tesla also cleared
another critical regulatory milestone
after the Texas Department of Public
Safety officially added the CyberCap
robo taxi to its connected autonomous
vehicles registry while first responders
in a Miami area completed specialized
robo taxi safety training. These are
exactly the operational steps you'd
expect before a wider launch. And
finally, Tesla made its first major
Terrafab leadership hire, bringing in
longtime Intel semiconductor
manufacturing executive Gary Jang to
lead the project. Another sign to
companies preparing to scale AI hardware
just as aggressively as it plans to
scale robo taxis. Today, we'll connect
all of these developments and explain
why they may mark the beginning of
Tesla's next major chapter. We got Brian
White joining us. He's one of our only
true Tesla journalists. Check out his
YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive interviews and on the ground
factory tours. His channel is one I
highly recommend you subscribe to. Thank
you, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Uh, no news this week,
right? It's been quiet.
&gt;&gt; Been quiet. The next show we'll do that
we'll publish later today, we're going
to talk about the interview with Lars.
&gt;&gt; Nothing really much happened.
&gt;&gt; No. Well, I mean, there's never Tesla
news, my friend. There's never
&gt;&gt; Well, this is a big one and may some
people consider the one of the biggest
ones they've been waiting for. Uh Tesla
announced that they are actually having
a production cyber gap being tested in
Austin and they call it engineering
test. So, there is a person in the
vehicle. There's only a two-seater,
&gt;&gt; but it's driving itself. There's no
steering wheel, no pedals, and guess
what? He's not even touching the
&gt;&gt; the thumb, his thumb, his thumb has been
rendered uh vestigial. That's not great
for humanity. Look, uh for years, we've
been told this was impossible. But even
as it's rolling out, we're still hearing
people saying it's impossible. Not so
much regular viewers, not so much people
who are connected to the story, but
people who don't want to get it, people
who may not even be real. Over the past
couple weeks, as this gets to what is
pretty inevitable and real, uh, I'm
seeing an uptick in comments from people
who do not have very real serious
accounts. People who have no content,
people who have never commented on any
of my videos before, saying, "This is
just another scam." And I I'm thinking,
you don't need a thousand cyber cabs to
pull a scam. That wouldn't make any
sense. Why would you build so many? It's
too many. Uh but the reality is we're
seeing them go out. We're seeing them
getting deployed in markets for testing.
We're seeing them in Phoenix and Dallas
and Houston and uh and fortunately we
have enough eyes on the ground to find
them. Well, if if it's real, how come I
haven't seen it? I don't know. I can't
control what you see, but I can look at
what David Moss sees. David Moss has
been going around the country. He's got
a high enough profile that wherever he
goes, someone says, "Oo, I got something
to show you." And a lot of times it's a
cyber cab depot. What do you make of
that?
&gt;&gt; Another seab depot as rearing its head
as we find it. Elon Musk himself said,
"Cybercap with no steering wheel or
pedals driving around Austin." And then
Ashra Kowwami said definitely driving by
itself. H
&gt;&gt; yes. Yes. And there are qu Well, yeah.
But uh did you know that back at
headquarters it's a 1:1 ratio? I don't
believe you. I don't believe you. That
hasn't been published. It isn't
credible. We don't know what the ratio
is of remote uh supervisors to actual
vehicles on the road. But what we do
know is with every passing day that
number is probably going to get smaller.
We're going to see fewer and fewer
operators for more vehicles. That's just
how it works. And fortunately uh unlike
some competitors, these are humans in
the US who know US driving habits which
is helpful.
&gt;&gt; That is and like you said, we don't know
how many what the ratio is. Here's the
cyber crabs screen. Do you see anything
here that's uh different than what you
know we're using or what current cyber
crab is using?
&gt;&gt; Well, I am seeing the the nice big
arrival time. I'm seeing a complete lack
of controls. I don't have the ability to
uh you know uh put it in gear or take it
out of gear. So this is just a cleaner
simplified version of what we have. This
looks
&gt;&gt; maybe more like the one in the back
seat, but I don't drive in the back
seat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly right. Uh there's a
pullover, there's support, you can play
your music. Um,
and then uh I was just in a a robo taxi
in California when I was there a few
days ago and it was great. The one thing
I will say that when I was in California
was they still struggling with the
pickup and drop off.
&gt;&gt; Like, you know, I would order it and I
was supposed to pick me up, you know, at
the hotel and they made me cross the
parking lot instead of, you know, right
in the lobby, right? That's where I hope
that's where I expect you to pick me up.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Didn't do that.
&gt;&gt; It's the newest part of the equation.
It's had the least testing,
&gt;&gt; but that's what they need to solve and
that's why they're still uh so they've
done that. That's great. Um lots of
cyber cabs. Let's take a look at this.
This is Omar. He's visiting there as
well. And look what he found. Uh like
you said, these secret
depots, these areas where they're
parking them. They call this a cybercap
storage lot. What do you know about
that?
&gt;&gt; Oh, nothing. I mean, it's it's something
they're not really talking about. We've
seen them being shipped out. We don't
know where they go. Uh, one of life's
great mysteries. So, this is big, but
just like whales are big, you can't
always track where they go in the ocean
because they just kind of disappear uh
until you find them on the other side of
the world.
&gt;&gt; So, this is uh this is not what it looks
like unless you are just about ready.
And you might have more insights than I
do in terms of things you may or may not
well may not be able to share, but uh
this is this is what imminent looks like
to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh yeah, we'll talk about it in
other shows uh specifically yours. We're
going to talk about this in detail, but
Lars did say at the on the interview he
said that the vast majority of the cyber
cabs that are in produced right now are
still in test phase for full
self-driving. autonomy. Now, that's what
I've been saying for months that they
this is a different form factor. It's
going to take they need to have enough
miles driven by itself and and
supervised supervised. That's why
they're steering wheel. There's a human
sitting there. Make sure that it can
capture that data so they know that this
is a performing well. That's what
they're still doing. The vast majority
is still doing that. And so, the
question is how long will that take? Um,
I don't think it's going to take, you
know, year, but it'll take a few more
months is my estimation of what's going
on.
&gt;&gt; I'm routinely asked when, Brian, when
will this be uh deployed at scale? And
the answer is it's over the horizon. I
can't see over the horizon. If you'd
like me to guess how many more days of
sailing we have, I can guess, but it's
not a meaningful guess. It's not
helpful. Uh, so I choose not to do that.
I look at what we can see. And what we
can see is there's over a thousand of
them out there ready to go. And that's
just not something you do if you're a
year from deployment. Wouldn't make any
sense.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, we he's been teasing. He's
teased that something will happen on uh
the 7th on Tuesday. You've heard that.
I'm sure many people here have listen
heard him say it. I've got cool news
around um to announce to to share around
Giga Texas
uh concerning scaling and we he said
that a as we were talking about cyber
cabs.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What was your what's your guess of what
that is?
&gt;&gt; So when I saw that I first saw it out of
context and I thought ah y l oh I can't
wait. And then I watched the video and
it was definitely in the conversation
about cybercap. So, what I think is um
we're going to see deployment on the 7th
would be would be what I would take from
that. Now, he's not the deployment guy.
He's the production guy. And it was nice
to see that when you ask questions that
were like about the MKBHD bet, he said,
"I just build them." Uh that's not
that's not in my wheelhouse. I don't
know anything about that, but I can tell
you how we build them and I can tell you
where we build them. So I think that
there's no reason to continue scaling
manufacturing unless you have something
to do with them. So what could they be
doing with them? Once you deploy them,
then you can build more. Well, then
there's a good reason to build more. And
it's about scale. There are so many uh
interesting things we learned in that
interview which I will be grilling you
on like I'm George Foreman.
&gt;&gt; All right.
You just outed your age, dude. All
right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Convincing anybody.
&gt;&gt; Second big There's two other new uh big
news. I really two more beyond this.
Number one is Texas. Is that is that the
Department of Police?
&gt;&gt; Uh maybe. Yeah. Public safety.
&gt;&gt; Public safety. Department of Public
Safety. That's what it is. has
officially added the Tesla CyberCab robo
taxi to their connected autonomous
vehicles first responder interaction
plans page. Significant milestone cyber
cabab launch in Texas is getting very
close. And so here it is. There it is
right now. There there's lots of others.
So it's not like this, you know, Tesla
is the only one. Everybody's testing
their their version. So we're in just a
lot of they're getting ready to go.
&gt;&gt; A lot of those are semis. test. Texas
has a big uh autonomous trucking test
program. Aurora, for example, has been
&gt;&gt; operating on the highways without a
driver. There's still, as I understand,
someone in the cab, but uh they've been
doing intercity cargo transit for two,
three years now.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. That makes sense. Okay. And uh
it may sound like dry regulatory paper,
but it's actually a massive deal because
this is a strict requirement for level
four operations at scale. means police,
fire, and EMS in Texas now have an
official standardized protocol for
interacting with a fully travelless
cyber gab in Noah. Great. Okay, this one
is interesting because now we're talking
Miami. We're not talking Texas. We're
talking Miami. So far, there's no
service there. But this week in Coral
Gables, Florida fire personnel
participated in a specialized training
session with Tesla focusing on a safety
system and emergency responses for
Tesla's robo taxi platform. the Coral
Gables fire. Their comment was the class
covered vehicle safety features, battery
systems, emergency access points, best
practices for managing incidents
involving autonomous vehicles. As this
technology continues to evolve, staying
informed helps ensure our firefighters
are prepared to respond safely and
effectively. Training like this keeps
our personnel ready for the next gen of
transportation.
There you go.
&gt;&gt; So, why would they do that if it's not
approved? if it's not about to go out
&gt;&gt; and if it's not mandatory. You know, not
all vehicle manufacturers are out there
holding conferences to educate the uh
fire and rescue teams. So, this is uh
above and beyond in my opinion, but uh
it's and I know a lot of people would
disagree because they're cynical. Tesla
is all about safety. I mean, I'm
assuming and like you said, the others
have done this, so I'm not going to make
a too big of a deal about it, but if you
plan to be if you take out 10 cars, 50
cars, maybe you don't necessarily need
to do this, but if it's a significant
number,
&gt;&gt; four cars,
&gt;&gt; and that was a big takeaway. Uh Lars
said, "Hey, we are we're not building
five or 10 of these. We expect this to
out sell Model Y." And I don't know if
you've seen the news since the last
three years, but Model Y sells pretty
well.
&gt;&gt; Pretty good.
&gt;&gt; All right, I'm going to continue my
quiz. What's this?
&gt;&gt; Well, Terraab
terra means earth and fab means super
good. Super good.
&gt;&gt; It's fabulous, man. Terraab is the uh
upcoming chip fabrication. Uh, you know,
&gt;&gt; it's a new band.
&gt;&gt; It's a new band. Terrif
&gt;&gt; Earth, Wind and uh
the Fab 4.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what we've got is Tesla and
SpaceX in a joint venture plan to make
their own chips. Why would you do that?
Well, there's a bunch of reasons. One is
uh there is a looming chip shortage. If
we need millions of these just for our
own products, that would be a
considerable percentage of the market.
Maybe you can't get them. Maybe you
can't get them at a good price. But if
we're going to build them ourselves, why
don't we build them to our specs
instead? We don't need it to do a lot of
these things. Uh so imagine if you
bought all of your employees uh Swiss
Army knives that excluded the corkcrew,
but had something else that your
company, your employees need, wire wire
strippers. So that's what they're doing
is they're building their own Swiss Army
knife that has their own tools. It's not
bulky. It doesn't have 30 different
tools on it. it's paired back down so it
can do what they want. It ends up being
cheaper, it ends up being better. Um,
and at the very least, if for some
reason it doesn't work though, with the
partnership with Intel, with the hiring
of Gary, it looks like it can work.
We've got better odds than ever. If it
doesn't work for some reason or it
doesn't come along quickly enough, at
the very least, you've applied pressure
to the competition to up their game. And
we've already seen Samsung announce an
increase in production. We've seen Intel
uh take fabs out of mothball status to
get back get back to work, would you
already? Uh so this is a pretty big
development.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah, I knew you'd know all this and
you even knew the name Gary Jen. Uh this
is brand new information. Tesla hired
this guy named Gary Jang. He is a
semiconductor manufacturing veteran for
nearly 18 years at Intel. He's going to
be the guy. He's going to be the
director of the Teraf Fab Chip Fab
project in Austin. Director of Terafab.
There he is. Um, and you know, Tesla did
have a partnership with Intel. So, I'm
sure that this wasn't a poaching that
there was a agreement between them,
right?
&gt;&gt; Well, you don't know, but after 18
years, if your golden handcuffs aren't
uh of a sufficient purity or density,
then it's on you. You lost that talent
of your own accord.
&gt;&gt; Man, this is great. I mean obviously you
want somebody who knows what they're
doing and they got the guy he was the
factory manager 18 years
&gt;&gt; this is the dude and um yeah
20 years of technical engineering
leadership with the semiconductor
industry
um yeah I was just pointing out that
that's the CEO of Intel they structured
that partnership a while back so
hopefully
&gt;&gt; probably convinced that's
&gt;&gt; that's the smile a man has when he's
saying You saved me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And Intel on the fab side was declining.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah, you're right. You say and
they they both It's I don't It's just
the way it works, right? Doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like like Intel was struggling. They
didn't know what they were going to do
anymore. Elon and Tesla needed this
relationship. Struck the partnership.
Perfect. Both sides win. It just feels
the same to what happened to Curser.
Curser was leading and then they were
out there. They're ahead and then
Anthropic gets ahead of them. They don't
have they can't beat Anthropic because
they don't have an LLM. Now Grock comes
along and Tesla says, "Hey, all right."
Elon says, "Hey, we've got it. You we
need what you got. You need what we
got." Boom. And oh, by the way, I'm
going to give you massive compute.
&gt;&gt; And that's the thing. Grock is good, but
the product Colossus one and two have
the compute and uh well, yeah, Google's
buying some compute, but how long will
it last until they actually have enough?
I don't know if you saw Gemini put a
throttle on users this week because they
don't have enough compute. So, I think
that partnership could last a while.
&gt;&gt; Which partnership?
&gt;&gt; Oh, with Isn't Google buying some
compute from
&gt;&gt; Oh, that partnership. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; From XAI.
&gt;&gt; They bought cursors. That's not a
partnership anymore. And uh so do you
think that uh SpaceX would buy Intel?
Some people are talking about that rumor
and I didn't look into this yet. Like I
how expensive would be too high. Very
expensive. Market cap is too high. And
why? I know people get so excited by
everything, but
&gt;&gt; it's ridiculous. No. 645 billion.
&gt;&gt; No. What? But for what? What do you
actually gain by buying Intel if Intel
is already uh your bestie? So, uh, you
could buy the cow, but you could also
just milk it through the fence for free.
&gt;&gt; You're you're full of metaphors, hey,
dude. Stop it. Too much. All right, so
uh what do you take of this news? This
is uh the big one. We're talking uh
cyber cabs
u approved, seeing it everywhere. Uh
driving. So, driving around on its own.
That's just step one, isn't it? But they
had to do this.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. to just announce it. That's
really what this was, an announcement.
It's not like they hadn't already been
doing it.
&gt;&gt; Every month or two, we see Tesla doing
something new with autonomy. Uh, at one
time it was, you know what, it's a real
hassle getting the cars out of the
factory and onto the lot. Why don't we
automate that? I mean, we have the
pieces, we just have to put them
together. And now we're seeing them
doing the NVH testing automat. I mean,
the car can hear the car can hear what
it's doing. Just send them out, let them
run around, and if anything sounds out
of place, the car will tell us, and the
car won't know what it is because it's
not human, but humans can tell it, and
then it can recognize it in the future.
Automate as much as you can. Put as many
pieces together. We're complaining that
it doesn't park where I want it to park.
Okay, that's a new challenge. We'll
address it. Uh, but we have to do all
the other things first, which we have
now done. So, this is just getting
there. We are all the pieces are falling
together. And uh for the people who have
been saying it's just a car company,
Herbert, it's just a car company.
They're probably in for a little bit of
a surprise when the deliveries come out
tomorrow because uh you know uh the
numbers are going to be an improvement.
Uh so if it is just a car company, bad
news for the haters. It's a good car
company. It is growing while others are
shrinking.
&gt;&gt; We're filming this on a Wednesday. By
the time this publishes tomorrow,
Thursday, the numbers would already been
out this morning. So, I don't know what
time frame you're living at, dude, but
it's this morning that it came out.
&gt;&gt; I'm living in the past, man.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh, I have not. So, there a
lot of rumors going out there because
they saw that I am obviously I had a
great interview with Lars Morvy and then
um Omar from Hallmar's catalog was
actually is currently in Austin. So,
there's rumors. They're going, "Why are
these influencers there right now? They
m I've not been invited to any kind of
event. The Tuesday event, I'm like, can
I be invited?" Nothing. Nothing. So, I'm
not invited to that. And I'm going on
vacation. Uh the day after, immediately
the day after, I'm gone. So, I don't
know. But I want to be there on Tuesday.
So, if some Tesla person is listening,
please invite me and Brian. We're going
to go together. We're gonna hold each
other's hands, right?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Arm in arm. We're going to go together
and we're going to film the very first
Cyber Cap Robbo taxi ride. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; That's what I wish. Please let it
happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can you imagine that, Brian? You and me?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; In a CyberCap?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Let's do it. Let's do it.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Let's book it.
&gt;&gt; Book it. Book, please. Tesla, let it
happen. So, no. There is no conspiracy
theory that the influencers have been
invited as far as I'm concerned. Maybe
others are. Brian, maybe you're not
telling me something. You've been
invited.
&gt;&gt; I have I have not heard anything. I'll
check my inbox 5,000 times. It's not
there, but I'll I'd certainly let you
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. So, you I asked you
already what you thought the seventh is
going to be, and uh you do think it's
something to do with the cyber cab. I
&gt;&gt; I do you think it might be Yel? No, I
don't think like I said,
like I said, it was around the disc
discussion about cybercap, but I'm just
&gt;&gt; It was But but but let me make a case
for the Y. He said it's about scale. And
what is the Y L but a scaled up Model Y?
&gt;&gt; It's about scaling. You're you guys are
thinking something different. Yeah,
scaled cars.
&gt;&gt; Those those dots may not connect as
directly as I was hoping.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Uh but no but so when he
said I've got cool news okay so it
wasn't like an announcement or anything
cool news then he said about something
happening
around Giga Texas. Now when I first
heard that it was something around
happening around Giga Texas. So you know
like something happening like some sort
of like pop-up tent. Maybe they're going
to have a big picnic a summer picnic is
going to happen on the on the grounds of
Giga Texas. Is that what this is? Or or
maybe they're going to take the the you
know the racetrack that they just built
and they're going to make this you know
a fun race. Maybe that's what they'll do
a summer cabab race there. I mean that's
what it sound like. But when I pair
piece took that sentence and maybe he
said I've got cool news
um about something cool what was his
words exactly? I got cool news about
something happening. Maybe if he had
pause a little second around Giga Texas,
meaning that that's when they're gonna
that's where they're gonna announce it
as oppos
uh the things you don't want to say
because that's something I'm good enough
at that I think it makes people worth
participating.
&gt;&gt; You are evil. Evil evil
&gt;&gt; just the goatee misleads you but I am
&gt;&gt; all right Ashra Swami when he makes a
announce or when he says he's going to
accomplish something he seems to be more
accurate than Elon because he's the guy
delivering it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now he has said that we're going to have
hardware the AI4 light for hardware 3
cars. It comes out in June 30th so he
technically did it but it's only a small
number of cars. I did hear I did hear
that some Canadians got it too. So it's
not a Do you know how many cars got it
at this point? Hardware three cars.
&gt;&gt; I don't. You could check on sites like I
think Tesla Scope might maybe be the one
that uh tracks it, but there there are
websites that track how much of the
fleet has any given software, but it's
all self-reported, so there's some
inherent biases there. What I would say
is that people I've seen, well, it's
only the influencers getting it. No,
it's the only the influencers that you
see getting it because you won't see
when regular people get it. They don't
post.
&gt;&gt; So, I know influencers who didn't get
it.
&gt;&gt; And um
&gt;&gt; I I didn't get it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I've got I've got a hardware 3 car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Kobe Pierce, young guy out of
Florida, real active in the community,
is scheduling. He said coast to coast on
hardware 4 looks tricky. I'm gonna try
uh the keys to Alaska on hardware 3. Hey
Tesla, could I get uh 14 light before
July 5th, I think.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; And uh we'll hopefully he does because
that would be a fantastic opportunity to
see the capabilities. I've been saying
for some months that the gap the gulf
between hardware 3 and four was
widening. that last December, so six,
eight months ago when I had a chance to
drive hardware 3 for days, that it was
very good, that it was not 14, but it
was very good, but 14's gotten better
since then. And I'd mentioned in June
that the gap was widening 14 light, I
haven't experienced it personally. The
videos I've seen from the channels I
trust, it looks like that gap has
narrowed once again. Uh, does this mean
it can get all the way to unsupervised?
I don't know. Tesla doesn't seem too
optimistic about that, but it's very
good. And what I would love to see is
maybe do it for 65, 70 bucks instead of
99. That way, people could say,
"Actually, I want the hardware three
because I don't want to go unsupervised
and I want to save money."
&gt;&gt; That is smart, Brian. I You're
brilliant. I like that idea a lot. lower
price hardware 3 because it's not as
good. Uh but it's still supervised. I do
not think that hardware 3 cars will be
available for unsupervised and I but the
what they will do then is a combo. So
they'll you can now download you know
you can over the air you can get
hardware 4 light AI sorry version 14
series light on your hardware 3 car over
the air. Great. You got it. But then I
don't think you can get to unsupervised.
But what they'll do is they'll offer you
an upgrade path. If you want the AI4
chip, you have to pay for it and then it
becomes unsupervised. I think that's
what they'll do.
&gt;&gt; I I think that's reasonable. And if
you've already purchased it, I'd be very
surprised if they don't just upgrade it.
So,
&gt;&gt; okay. Okay. Well, one thing that they uh
Tesla missed yet again, another big
milestone that they missed was they
promised that the by the end of June,
and it's already the end of June. So,
we're now in July.
&gt;&gt; The end of June, they were supposed to
have five more cities launched.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I take I I wouldn't even say
a grain of salt. I don't take those
predictions. So, those are over the
&gt;&gt; But Brian, come on. No, no, Brian. If if
if Elon said it, you can do you can say
what you just said. I agree with you.
But if this was written on a earnings
call, mention discussing an earnings
call and then actually on the investment
deck
multiple earnings. Yes, it's right
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, missed.
&gt;&gt; You cannot do you can't that's not not
that that is missed big time. And that
is not you should take that. You should
not not a grain of salt. That is right
there telling you that they're going to
and it wasn't like a year ago. this is
months ago that they still said that
we're going to hit the seven cities by
the end of June. So, it's a miss.
&gt;&gt; Re reiterating it's absolutely a miss
when it comes to the timelines. Um,
misses are uh especially on autonomy,
misses are to be expected. So, while you
you can say that investors should have
had confidence in those statements and I
agree. I did not have confidence in
those statements. I am just happy when
it happens. you know, my
&gt;&gt; But here here's my thing, Brian. Um,
it's one it's like they could have just
like they did with Dallas and Houston,
launch it. Say it's launched. There's
two cars each,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Is that Is that better?
&gt;&gt; They didn't do it now. You know what?
I'm just talked myself into something.
An insight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because of you, dude.
&gt;&gt; I'm here for you.
&gt;&gt; Well, if July 7th, which is after the
holidays,
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
they launch it.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, I think they made a decision
to do it next weekend.
&gt;&gt; And then because it's a holiday weekend,
they pushed it to July 7th.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's when they're going to launch
not Cyber Cab, but they're going to
launch these cities. So, what we just
experienced, Herbert, and you would know
a little bit about this from, you know,
being a member of society, is uh you and
I are at different stages of grief.
You're in the bargaining phase. I'm at
acceptance. I've let it go. So,
&gt;&gt; is that what this
&gt;&gt; You might have made it all the way to
restructuring. Uh, but I it sounds more
like
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm kind of liking my new
theory. I'm going to I'm going to repeat
it regardless of what you just said. I'm
going to repeat my theory. When I got
the cyber bulls tomorrow, I'm going to
announce my theory. I like this. You
made me think this through
&gt;&gt; the the futurazza theorem.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for putting me in front.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. I knew you wouldn't say
it otherwise.
&gt;&gt; Why is it not brighter futurazza? Why is
it like why isn't it and what aren't we
the white and you're always white, I'm
always on? Is that the way it works?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I had to use because my name
is so generic that you would never find
it otherwise. I met a gentleman Oh,
right.
&gt;&gt; in China, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who who had never seen blue eyes
before. He was from Africa. He was an
exporter from China. And we had a great
conversation. He just couldn't get over
the fact that my eyes were not black.
And uh at the end he said, "What's your
I said,"Brian." He goes, "Brian, what?"
And I said, "You're not going to believe
me." And he didn't. He didn't.
&gt;&gt; I got news for you, dude. My name is
more common than your name. Wong is a
variant of Wong,
&gt;&gt; and that is probably the most populous
name out there. So, I don't know. I know
what you're talking about, but yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's true. That's true.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Brian. Check them
out at Futurosa.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.