Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Malibu Boats Use GM Small Block Engines
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8499jmjh-KQ
Published:   2026-07-20 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-20 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You You touched on the the Monsoon
engine program. I think that's one of
the most interesting things about your
boat portfolio is that you do produce
your own engines in-house. I think so
much of the industry relies on the major
two partners for for those things where
it concerns stern drives and inboards.
Uh but but you took the decision some
years ago at Malibu to go in-house with
that and I think it's been to your
advantage and you used the General
Motors small block engine program as the
basis, which has got a rock-solid
reputation.
&gt;&gt; We really spend a lot of time on how do
we we we call it marinize the engine,
right? So, we do start with the GM small
block and been a great supplier of ours
for for some time. And so, we start with
that and it really what it again goes
back to is what are we looking for in
horsepower? And kind of the common
things you think about, right? If you're
selling a boat in in Colorado at at
elevation, you know, are you making sure
that you're you know, you're not you're
lost of horsepower, it doesn't degrade
as much, right? Can Can the boat operate
um at at elevation? Can the boat operate
sound quality, you know, all the NVH
that you can think about, you know,
noise, vibration, harshness that you can
think about that goes into making an
engine. And then really what it gets to
is performance, right? When you start
trying to
push water and the efficiency of the of
the fluid dynamics of that, you know,
that engine has to be, you know, really
tuned in, dial in the calibrations to
make sure that we're getting clean
takeoff.
Uh when you think about you're creating
a wave or you're pulling a water skier,
you do not want to have hesitation, you
do not want to have someone who's going
to not have a great experience behind
the boat.