Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Cybercab Just DOUBLED - Will It Now SCALE?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcW5TpOU1n4
Published:   2026-09-27 16:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-27 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

caps that are now approved in Texas for
commercial use. And as you know, we here
at Pioneer Alpha and Pioneer Lands, we
are watching very closely one of our
favorite stocks, which is Tesla, because
in the age of AGI, it's all about
predicting and understanding the
trajectories that determine the future
of humanity. And one of them is Tesla's
full selfdriving trajectory. And that
pivotal point in history that is now
very close. We don't know when it
exactly is, but it's very close. It
could be weeks or days or months away.
That point in history where autonomous
transport becomes real. Going from a
science project to a largely deployed
scaled infrastructure of robo taxis that
everyone can just hail from anywhere.
And that is the cyber cap that you see
here. And as you know on
pioneerlands.org or we have our amazing
cyber cap tracker
right here and you see that the tracker
shows us that we have now 47 cyber caps
deployed. Okay, you see the 47 deployed
but much more important that's
in one day more like in the last 24
hours three more were deployed in the
last week five more were deployed but
the most important one is this here we
added this also to the tracker on the
main page so you' see it right away we
have now 126 cyber caps not robo taxis
you see robo taxis down there that's
including the model wise 172 that's a
lot but cyber caps specifically This
perfect car designed by Tesla just for
autonomy without a steering wheel,
without pedals.
126 now registered with the Texas DMV
for official deployment
and 68 of those in the last week. That
is a more than doubling.
A more than doubling in the last week
and that is a pretty exciting thing. And
of course for us now the question is how
serious is this? Will this actually lead
to the repricing of Tesla stock or at
least be a catalyst to drive that baby
up?
That is the big big question we want to
discuss today. And I told everyone I
believe the 100 the triple digit the
point in time where we exceed 100 will
be a very important point in time. But I
was talking about this number here not
this number down here. This number down
here just tells us how many are
registered with the Texas DMV. Whereas
the number above shows us at least how
many have been spotted in the wild.
Obviously the very likely number is 10
20 30% higher than that number because
that is from the robo taxi tracker how
many have been reported. So the true
number will be very likely be higher.
But at 47 whatever it is 50 60 life we
are not far away from 100. And if we see
100 and if we see the pace of these
deployments continuing at this pace this
pace is vastly vastly higher than last
year. We have just started September 1st
true cyber cap launch as you remember
that is only 27 days ago and we are
already at 126 registered and let's say
something between 47 and probably 80
deployed
maybe 70 deployed that is a very very
good sign
and you know that my thesis on Tesla is
we are vastly undervalued right now
vastly undervalued which makes this a
very very attractive entry point. I was
asked last time, is this the right time
to load up on Tesla? And I have to say
yes.
Not investment advice, but I'm more than
fully loaded since 325.
It's just dramatically undervalued. We
have a lot of catalyst coming. I do not
think the Roadster will be a big
catalyst. That is happening October 1st
this week. But I do think Cyber Cap is a
great huge catalyst and that something
big might be imminent. Something big
might be imminent. Now I doubt that we
are scaling to the 10,000 this year that
I saw coming earlier this year mostly
because of the Nitsa investigation. I
think the Nitsa investigation into cyber
cap is a problem as I explained and I
think we have to wait for the rules to
be adopted. The new rules that Nitsa,
the National Highway Association or
agency, whatever it's called, came up in
June. And these new rules will make it
much easier for CyberCap to scale
without an exception necessary, without
that 2,500 car cap. And so I think Tesla
will have a hard time really pushing
through into the multiple thousands
before we have some clarity there. But
we do not need from a stock perspective
10,000 in my opinion in order to get
back to all-time highs to 488 with a
stock. We just need a couple of hundred
in my opinion and a trajectory that
points strongly upward and a trajectory
that is much faster than the trajectory
we have seen for Model Y in the initial
cyber cap year that started last year in
June.
What we are seeing right now is already
much much faster than back then. So
generally I do think from a pure Tesla
stock perspective we are in a very
beautiful goldilocks moment. I am right
now betting in a very synthetically
leveraged way short puts a lot on Tesla
not being able to go down much more from
here. As you know in the 380 range I
think we have some rejection risk but
with this cyber cap fundamental news
coming up there is a lot of potential of
breaking through and there's very little
res risk of breaking down which means
I'm 370 37250
37750 is my highest strike price right
now just because we dropped a little bit
that's where I'm placing my bets and
then 36750
these are my put strike prices where I'm
selling puts.
That's my main strategy. But I have, of
course, a major core position. I'm fully
loaded up on the core position, 100%
full.
So that's what it is. By the way, the
Pioneer Bonds very likely start also
trading
next week. Just wrote some emails to
some of you who are investors. So that
is pretty cool. Let's see if we can make
it happen after all these hiccups.
uh organizational operational regulatory
things we had to get through.
So that is the situation when we look
through X what the news are saying. Uh
this is old news September 25th 37 new
cyber caps. I think our robo taxi
tracker is actually the most accurate
and up most upto-date. You always have
to check the website paneerlands.org.
This is the centerpiece of the age of
AGI pioneer lens.org. This is where it's
happening. We are also rolling out by
the way a iPhone and Android app. I
think initially you can just put
something on your homepage uh home
screen. If you go to the page, it's
going to ask you so you can have a
shortcut to the page, but I think we are
going to come up with an app very soon.
There's a very beautiful app that makes
this all directly accessible to you.
Another important thing by the way,
SpaceX, tomorrow flight 14. I reported
on that extensively this week or last
week and that is very important.
Tomorrow the flight for SpaceX. I'm not
heavily into SpaceX right now because I
see this as too much of a risk. 90%
chance everything goes smoothly and the
stock goes up maybe significantly
tomorrow. For me, it's just too risky.
uh and then of course we have the share
unlocks here that we are tracking very
closely.
So that is what's happening. I think we
covered the most recent news here. I
think today we should actually have a
more extensive discussion
uh about cyber cap and what's going to
happen next. We are also working on a
very cool updated cybercap model and a
simulation where you guys can start
simulating how much money you could make
by operating a cyber cap fleet. So my
team is working on a very cool model for
the pioneer citizens where you can start
simulating this and typing in how many
cyber caps you can type in your city and
you will see a lot of magic things that
allow us to understand the economics
better that allow you to understand the
economics of cyber cap operation as a
fleet owner better and that allows me to
analyze the stock better because the
more we understand the fleet owner
economics the better we understand the
stock economics, too. So, that's the
next big push we have here.
Let's see now
what everyone is saying. Let's go into
the chat
uh and see where everyone
is.
Here we have Sena Anong,
the special spelling of no clue in
German. Uh Tom Krenell, good morning,
Joe. Peace be with you. Peace be with
all of you too. Then we have here a very
cool comment that I cannot read. That
looks a little too Korean to me for
understanding it. Should I ask
uh one of my AIS to translate this? We
do a little Korean course here. Uh
translate this. Does it even do this?
Yeah, it copy pastes.
So, we have some Korean here.
Let's see. I can display this again
here
that says
it would be great if Korean subtitles
were possible even.
Well, uh,
let me
let me respond to our Korean friends
with my fluent Korean.
Of course, I speak fluent Korean.
Uh here I will I will chat back
right now. Here is my response. Boom.
There you have it.
So I responded this.
So just so you know. Um I hope that
helps. We have Croftton saying, "Dearest
Joe, I'm the only Am I the only one who
feels like the stock price is insane?
I've been buying daily since low 300s.
Never mind. You literally just answered
my question. Yes, I think we are in a
very good position here
uh with the stock. I think it's an
absolute goldilocks moment if the market
does not create some kind of problem for
us. And that's what we have to keep in
mind. I remain a little skeptical about
how the market behaved this year.
Everything was very messed up with this
drop in the first quarter, then the
crazy July situation that was the worst
month in 30 years for momentum stocks,
but saw a pretty significant recovery.
And so, it's a very tricky year. I'm
extremely bullish for Q4. I just have
serious concerns for like some sort of
correction before we really get bullish.
And if that is true, the correction
would be expected now for October or
November. So that all makes me nervous.
But often when I'm nervous, it's a sign
that nothing is going to happen. You
know how it works. So we have to watch
out. I think common wisdom would
imply that we see a rally. I'm also very
very sure. Of course, don't take it as
investment advice. The way I trade is
very sometimes tactical but I just I
would be very surprised if Tesla does
not go above 500 this year. Now what
does it do in between? That is the big
question. But given where we are right
now, it's just very hard to drop from
here. If we see any kind of problem, it
comes from our friend the market from
macro.
Uh, and of course these people here, the
annoying Trump and Iran administrations,
they always talk all day long. Very
annoying. The market keeps ignoring
them. And I think it's all just a very
dumb game that is getting really
annoying in Iran. We just should not
forget that there is a tail risk that
something actually happens and that Iran
starts actually destroying the oil
infrastructure which would be very bad.
Another unhinged thing is Ukraine and
Zilinski if they keep destroying these
Russian plants with diesel also not the
greatest thing and I don't understand
what's going on with the Ukrainians
exactly with the Ukraine government. So
we have to see if this is unhinged or
not. Uh might also be related to Israel.
Who knows? But we have to watch this. I
think this is mostly a dumb game and a
circus, but there is always tail risk in
any war circus that someone actually
does something really stupid. And I
don't think this situation is fully
under control. More likely than not,
everything is be is going to be fine. I
said it for a very long time that I
think the Iran war is over effectively
for us from a market risk perspective
and I was right so far. But we should
not forget these things cannot always be
controlled the way everyone thinks. So
that's what we have to watch. I think on
the Fed side, I'm not too concerned. I
think the Fed is extremely
professionally managed. I have actually
great great respect for Walsh. He's just
a total pro and normally I'm very
critical of these people. I hated
Powell. I hated some other people, but I
think W is just a total master of his
craft. So I don't think we have too much
to uh be afraid of on that front on the
Fed front. And then there's the market
itself.
Are they going to go nuts or not? We
have to watch it very closely. The bonds
not looking great, but we saw some
relaxation recently. Where's crypto? I'm
don't even follow that anymore right
now. Daily. So Ether the highs were at
86,000 and Ether at 2,780
or something. So a little below recent
highs, but that's all looking robust.
So my gut feeling is we see a year end
rally. The only problem is will we see a
problem before?
I don't know. That's what we have to
watch out for from a pure Tesla
perspective. So everything pretty
bullish I think on the market bullish on
Tesla very bullish. Uh we just have to
always be prepared for tail risks that
are clearly on the horizon all over the
place. So don't be too leveraged or if
you're very leveraged or synthetically
leveraged, you have to pay attention
every single hour when the market is
open.
So let's continue here.
Delivery numbers come out this week too.
Am I concerned about that? Not really. I
think generally we see a lot of
tailwinds for Tesla. Everything is
looking very good. FSD is going up, the
adoption, you know, pouring in more
margin and driving sales. Plus, these
oil prices are also good for sales. So,
everything looks very good. Of course,
strong Chinese competition, but Tesla is
just, when you listen to Tesla buyers,
recent Tesla buyers, especially people
who had an older Model Y, a 2022 Model Y
or something, and buy a new one, they
are all blown away how much these cars
actually improve. And I have to say I
drove a bunch of them recently both
passively and actively. It's it is kind
of amazing how Tesla continuously
improved this improves this car and it's
synergies of scale economies of scale.
So we have politically incorrect back.
Greetings from Awatuki Taki. Arizona
seems like expectations are low for
roadster event this Thursday. I totally
agree. Could it be even worse than
expected and drag stock even lower? I
don't think so. So I think that's a
completely ignored event on all fronts.
So if anything there's like an outlier
upside chance. I do really not think
that the ch stock rallies into that
event or sells off at the event. Just
seems very unlucky. It's just too
unimportant. No one takes the Roadster
seriously from a stock perspective.
I don't even take it ser.
Maybe it's some gimmicky thing, but I
don't get the point exactly. So let's
see
here. Ricardo Santos says, "I went to
the US from the UK on a business and
tested FSD at a dealership because you
and Herbert said it was a good idea and
I was blown away myself and my wife
Jennifer is listening to you."
Very, very good. Hi, Ricardo. Hi,
Jennifer. It's always good to increase
our female quota because we are skewing
a little bit like sausage party here.
90% male. Not that I have anything
against males. I'm male. So, that's
fine. But it's good to improve the
quota. So, hi Jennifer. Um,
maybe you should all bring your wives
and girlfriends to watch. That's good.
They need to get informed, too. And by
the way, I'm really I'm a fan of the
strategic trajectories that Tesla's
unlocking. I like how Elon thinks and
I'm not the biggest car fan, but I have
to say when you look at Cyber Cap and
experience it, when you experience a
Model Y or Model 3,
it is quite something. And there is a
certain magic with these cars that the
Chinese don't have, that no other car
has. And I'm not saying this just as a
fanboy. It's true. The purism of Teslas
is just unmatched. It's just pure. You
feel like you're in the future. There's
no distraction. It's just pure,
you know. France Fonholes and he's the
master. I met him twice. Very nice guy.
Very smart guy. He's the designer.
China Shield says Roadster Hype. Well,
let's see. I think this is all about
Cyber Cap. We have to understand these
are very serious numbers. Like you have
to understand, guys, these are serious
numbers. This is getting very very real.
this whole situation here.
Should I scroll down? Yeah, we do full.
Oh no, this is I have to do it
differently. This is getting very real.
Very very real
here. Cyber cap counter.
Let's get back here.
This is getting extremely real. Uh, and
this could actually start being a real
needle mover. I like what I'm seeing
here on the cybercap counter
on pioneerlands.org.
68 up last week. If this continues, I
tell you, we will be happy campers as
shareholders.
So,
That's happening. Okay, let's continue
here. Hello from Portland, Oregon. H.
So, my first cyber cap on a car hauler
headed north last week probably to
Washington. M flies. Greetings to
Portland, Oregon. I'm a big fan of
Portland. I kind of have lived there. I
lived in Vancouver, Washington where I
had an apartment there when we had our
lab in Hillsboro. We were in Hillsboro
in Portland. Um, I was always hang out
in the Pearl District. I love the Pearl
District. Portland is a great city. Even
though it has some homeless problems,
but amazing food. It is true what they
say about Portland. They have amazing
food, amazing restaurants, and it's just
I love the whole thing.
Uh, here is Johannes. That is me with my
Korean. Do you like my Korean by the
way?
Uh
here hi Joe I'm joining from India.
Hello to India. Mananish
man
a volu uh joining from India. What do
you think the impact of AI AGI ASIS on
the future of country like India? Did
you guys even see that? Who was it?
Warren Redley. Total attack on my ASI
take. I'm just sharing my thoughts and
they want to drag me into some crazy
Duma debates. I'm not that interested in
these duma debates but Manisha is not
asking about duma debates.
I think the impact on I'm not an expert
on India. I don't know exactly what's
going on in India. I know I all I know
is India is known for offshoring and I
think the offshoring industry will be
hit very hard. The uh the call centers
and everything. Uh I think India will
have a hard time on that front that
sector of the Indian economy. At the
same time, everyone who's smart in India
can now use AI and to have basically an
enormous enormous potential for force
multiplication
and I think India is a very
entrepreneurial place. So it's probably
going to net be very good but some
sectors will be very be hit much harder
than in other economies. So I don't know
how it nets out.
Are you playing the roadster event? No.
the Pervin uh it seems to hype the
chance wait and sell short puts after
the event drops. Here's my take on the
Roadster event. Like everyone who's a
little bit a pro with a stock who's not
a total just retail investor is not
going to play this event in any way
because there is no upside. Like what is
the Roadster going to do? So I think
that that's very different from a
cybercap event or a optimus event where
you can see a run up and a hype and then
a drop after the event. But you can't
have a drop after an event if you don't
have a hype for the event for the stock.
So I as far as I see how the stock
behaves so far if we see a runup into
the event yes you will have a drop but
if you don't see any movement before I
don't think there will be any
significant movement.
What is your prediction for 3Q
deliveries compared to expectations and
the stock reaction? I don't play that
game. So, I'm not into delivery uh
projections. I think it's also very
marginal at this point. I think
generally Tesla I'm thinking more on a
macro level for Tesla. I think Tesla's
in a good position. I think the entire
sales situation should improve this
year. Everyone kind of knows that. So I
think they will beat
they tend to beat I think the margins
will be better but we don't see that of
course right now. So uh that's all I'm
I'm not playing that in any way.
Croftton says this is true my brother.
Appreciate your perspectives always.
Thank you Croftton.
Uh
it's all just horrible. That's the
That's the That's the attitude we need.
What is horrible, Bruno Hegley? That
seems a little doomer.
If I buy a cyber cap and my neighbors on
either side say that's a great idea and
buy their own cyber caps, doesn't that
hurt my investment? Why should I buy one
or 100 when someone else can ruin it? I
don't think you will be able to buy one.
I think this is for fleet owners only
and I think there will be some Tesla
considerations and coordination how who
can buy in what what region. I think
once you voice your interest right on
the Tesla Cyber Cap website
uh they will coordinate they will not
they're not just going to sell you this
stuff but there will be central
coordination for the Cyber Cap fleet
management from Tesla. They will
determine who can buy them, how many do
you have to buy. they will restrict how
many other people can buy it in your
city and you will have to commit
probably with your fleet to a certain
region and you cannot just take your
fleet wherever you want. I think this
will be all like kind of centrally
planned. You're becoming a little bit
part of Tesla which is not a bad thing.
You need that central coordination
because Tesla also has to determine and
the fleet owners have to determine do we
have critical mass for a city. If you
for example go to Idaho to Eagle Idaho,
take a random city and you say, "I want
to own Eagle Idaho or I want to buy 100
cyber caps." Tesla has to do the math.
They can't allow like a 100,000 cyber
caps to descend into Eagle Idaho. H at
the same time, they cannot allow
someone, you know, to have a fleet of
five because then you have no network
effect and very bad customer experience
because the weight times will be crazy.
So
uh
so that is
the problem and there will be therefore
some
what is that?
What is that?
Wow.
Wow. It's an attractive cyber fleet
owner. What is What is this? We manage
your fleet. You buy robo taxi. We manage
fleet. There are all these businesses
popping up.
That's crazy. That doesn't even exist
yet.
Look at this. Isn't that interesting?
So, this will be a whole we make this a
whole thing. We will provide you with
the actual models here so we can all
start thinking about that and getting
your feedback in Pioneer Lens 2 about
this whole fleet management because I
think it's a cool thing.
Uh, I wanted to find the uh Tesla Cyber
Cap.
Uh, uh, let's see
if Tesla had like this
interest field. Was it down here?
Um,
did they where was that here?
Oh, here. See,
isn't that interesting? Help us build
our robo taxi network. Complete our
interest form to be considered for
future robo taxi opportunities. I'm
interested in cybercap fleet vehicle
purchasing, mobility hubs and
infrastructure, event collaboration, and
so on. So, they're looking for these two
things.
That is very very important to
understand.
So that was just my response to DNUeras.
Galaxy Loop says Joe, what do you expect
the Roadster to do? Super acceleration
maybe thought on when Optimus V3
revealed. Well, the Roadster will fly. I
think that's very clear at this point.
Whatever that means. It will probably
have some form of like uh jet engines or
what was it called? like these dry cold
boosters and I don't know why it would
fly. Like I don't know what they plan to
do. It's going to be probably pretty
mindboggling but I mean I don't see how
they make money with it. Um and then
Optimus V3 that's a much bigger deal and
I don't think there will be a big
reveal. I think Tesla will test the hell
out of it. I think Tesla will have
probably close to 10,000 of them in the
next six months internally deployed and
tested and then launch them commercially
sometime next year and I would bet Q2 or
Q3 because I can't wait too long.
Worst party says cool hunt Luke. Yes,
that's how in theory the Germans should
call a sausage party
but they don't. Uh efficient. Yeah,
efficient efficiency. one of the best
names ever because that's what you want.
You want efficient efficiency, not
inefficient efficiency. Took multiple
rides in the cyber cap recently. It
works flawlessly and is a way better
experience than Uber. I see no reason
why they wouldn't scale.
I hope so. I mean, it looks like they're
starting to scale. So, isn't that
interesting?
Uh I think there will be repricing of
Tesla once Cyber Cap revenue is broken
out from the service and other revenue
line item on the income statement due to
materiality.
Yes, but I think we don't have to wait
for that. I think the stock will move
sooner because Wall Street isn't dumb
and they know what's coming. They just
want to not be early uh because they
don't want to lose money. So this is all
about the question
uh when this actually
happens when people think it's happening
and I think it's going to be sooner
than
what you just said here.
Um,
okay. We have so many questions.
Worst party here.
Do you think Nitsa will cap us at two
200,000 saps? No. Nitsa audit. I told
everyone at the current state of things
Tesla will not will fail the audit.
That's very clear to me. At the same
time, it is very clear if Tesla fails
the audit, it would be an enormous
embarrassment for Nitsa. They cannot
even afford that. The way out is that
Nitsa adopts their own new rules before
the audit gets to that point. This
timeline actually works out because I
think Nitsa will approve adopt the new
rules before December and that is before
the audit takes it to the next level.
And so that is one of the main catalytic
points on the regulatory side I'm
watching out for. When does Nitsa
announce that they adopted their June
rule which makes the audit much easier
to pass or possible to pass?
I think when that happens that will be
super bullish for the stock. I don't
know if people understand that or not so
I can't predict if the stock actually
goes up but it will be very bullish.
Uh here KL Schlifenb says the phenomenal
channel Sukun Bnan has put out a
forecast that says SpaceX will have 5.5
billion dollars revenue in Q4 Q3 1.3
billion very possible I think buying my
first SpaceX shares tomorrow I have to
look into that sounds like very cool and
I absolutely would not doubt that I
think that is pretty much in line we are
a little late here with our SpaceX
situation.
Uh,
but you're absolutely right.
You're absolutely right. And that can
absolutely be true.
Space.
How many? 3.8,000 subscribers.
Interesting stuff. I will look into
that. Thanks, Khalifen B. Great name by
the way. That is a very good tip. I like
channels like that. Small but high
quality. Ken says FC is amazing.
Exactly. Can't wait to see the tech
within the roadster. It's probably just
going to be fun and that can also be
cool. Do you guys remember not long ago
when Elon called Whimo's 2,500 cars
rookie numbers? I mean, it is rookie
numbers.
Pod asks, "Joe, do you still think 2000
cyber caps is the catalyst for Wall
Street to start to take notice of what's
hopefully about to unfold?" Great Conent
as always. Thanks. Thank you, Pod, for
that question. Well, let's be clear what
I said about the 2000. I did not say
2,000 cyber caps is the catalyst for
Wall Street to start to take notice.
Wall Street already takes super notice.
I said 2,000 cyber caps around that
1,800 cyber caps are the forcing
function that are the latest point in
time where every analyst is being forced
to price in dramatic cyber cap margins.
So 1,800 cyber caps is the last possible
point where you we see an inflection in
the stock. Very important. That's what I
said. It's a forcing function. And I
always said the stock is potentially not
going to wait for the forcing function
because it would be kind of dumb. So
it's kind of more like the floor on the
timeline, the last possible point where
you see an inflection. That's what I
think. But I'm talking about 1,800 cyber
caps fully deployed, fully deployed 200
miles a day, fully commercial. So we are
not close to that. That's the bad news.
The good news is we are not going to I
heavily doubt the stock will I heavily
doubt the stock will not go
significantly over all-time highs way
before 2000 fully deployed cyber caps.
Warren is socially charged Tom Krenell.
What do you mean socially charged?
I want to know more. Tom Krenell, tell
me more. What do you mean by socially
charged?
I don't know why Warren is so uh he was
a little uh trying to uh bash me a
little bit for no reason. And of course,
he's incredibly wrong
uh on ASI and I don't want to engage in
these debates too much because I don't
think it's worth doing that.
Uh but
uh yeah, I don't know what's going on.
had like a whole live stream it seems
about my statement that ASI extinction
risk is 100% once we have true ASI
which we clearly don't have right now
and maybe he does not fully understand
what I mean by ASI
but I'm just mentioning these things for
the pioneers because we need to
understand we have to have a realistic
understanding of reality so we can make
smart decisions and I'm saying this is
going to be very that.
Uh
so interesting. But Tom Krenell, you can
elaborate more what what how exactly is
Warren socially charged because I'm not
totally up to date. Um, Roadster is
going to be a tech showoff.
Where does Joe take his questions from?
What do you mean?
What questions,
Maddie? I'm taking it from the chat
right now.
Uh, LJ with the most important comment
tonight. Like button. Exactly.
Warren loves to argue he's an ex lawyer.
I know he's a some form of I think
litigation even.
Uh Craig Tesla developed local business
advocates as treasonous blue
jurisdiction like NJ will just try and
obstruct Tesa True, but they're not
going to stop anything. Hulu. Hulu.
Hello from South Africa. Love your show.
Thanks so much Dennis Pak. Uh, greetings
to beautiful South Africa.
No, that's advertising. Exactly. Joe,
did you see Aaron Bernett's ex
conversation with Elon?
Uh,
which one? When was that? Tell me more.
I saw so many. I saw the Chinese
interview.
Uh, totally agree. SpaceX see brain
Brian Wang recent videos on SpaceX mini
how to SpaceX to explode. Well, here's
the problem, guys. Okay, let's talk
about SpaceX for a second. We have Cyber
Cap covered for now. Uh the problem with
SpaceX is not that I doubt that they
would have up to 5.5 billion revenue or
profit coming in.
Uh what was it profit or revenue? Like a
lot of money coming in in Q4. The
problem is they had 2.1 trillion. So
will that even move the needle? How much
of that is built into the stock price?
That's what we have to ask, right? They
are extremely highly valued. Don't
forget SpaceX is significantly smaller
than Tesla and significantly more
expensive. It has 2x the market cap of
Tesla and the revenue is probably 30%.
It's like 70% lower than Tesla. So
yeah, I'm not saying they don't in
massive amounts of cash now, but
does it mean it explodes? I'm not sure.
Do you have to be a little cautious how
we compare? You always have to benchmark
SpaceX against Tesla.
So that's why Tesla is such a bargain
right now. SpaceX is a little highly
valued. SpaceX is one of these stocks is
very highly valued and at the same time
has massive growth coming right now. So
what does it mean? Hard to tell.
Robo Taxi expansion must go on. Still
three months to go till end of the year.
There's room to get back to 450 euros.
Wow. Euros even even for 2026, but I
guess it will take till Q2 2027. I don't
think so, Wolves. Now, I think we get
all-time highs this year.
Do you think Alexandra Mertz Mertz
prediction of 4.2 SpaceX shares per
Tesla share for the merger is correct or
do you still think your ratchet scenario
is more likely? 4.2
space
X shares for one Tesla share. This is
very difficult math.
Uh
uh 150 at 2 trillion versus 370 at 1
trillion.
Uh
uh uh. So you're saying 4.2 SpaceX
shares. I have to do the math on that to
actually give you a smart answer.
Uh, but whatever it is, Tesla needs to
see a significant premium from here.
Otherwise, there's no agreement
here. Tom Crrenell says it would be
great if cold gas thrusters would
recharge in mid-flight.
Yeah, let's see what they can do.
Starink V3 described as carrying a full
SpaceX design ruben rack. That's
Are you sure? No. Staling V3.
No. No. Matty. Staling V3 is not
carrying the NVL72.
So, first of all, Staling V3 is
launching tomorrow. Okay. Tomorrow we
have 26 V3 styling satellites in this
thing. They are not compute satellites.
They are styling satellites. What Nvidia
is developing with SpaceX is a custom
space NVL72 rack for 72 GPUs that is
scheduled for December of next year. So
in roughly 15 months and that will be
the new satellite for Starite.
Uh
so I'm not sure Maddie if that is true.
That would be interesting
that uh you're saying we have that
already tomorrow or we already have. Is
there a V3 Starlink satellite with NVL72
rack?
I haven't heard of that one.
Tyler, thank you for answering my
questions always. Of course.
Uh Andreas Peterson is back. Hello Joe.
What's your view on the housing market
in Northern Europe? Are we about to have
a crisis or are we getting into a boom
market? The housing market,
in Scandinavia, in the Nordics.
I mean, I don't know. With all that
immigration you get now with the social
democrats, probably it's a boom, I
guess, until they take your house away
like in Berlin.
Here,
pod. Apologies for misinterp
interpreting what you said. At current
clip, when do you expect Tesla to hit
1,800 at 200 miles a day?
At current clip, I mean that's that's
that's very hard to answer because we
will hit this very very quickly once we
get into scaling mode. So, we could hit
that in December.
We could even hit it. Yeah, we could hit
it in December if they start doing stuff
now. But I think it's going to be a
question of when that inflection
actually happens. Like if we keep now
adding 68 per week. Yeah, we could hit
that now. Like in December.
Tom Krenell, he's he's rude, crude, and
socially.
Well, Tom, I take your word for it.
How many cyber caps would have to be
operationally before the number of cyber
caps starts cannibalizing Tesla car
sales?
A lot.
Like a lot. A lot. A lot.
Because here's how it works. Michael,
let's let me be more specific because we
did this up and down the sheets,
the Google sheets, not the bed sheets.
Uh so Michael Stevens how many cyber
caps would have to be operational before
the number of cyber caps start
cannibalizing Tesla car sales. So we
have to understand first of all the
deployment of FST of cyber caps and robo
taxes first doesn't cannibalize car
sales. It goes into right share miles
right in order to cannibalize car sales
it needs to drop below a dollar per mile
significantly below a dollar. Then it
starts really eating up into car
ownership. And then the first people who
get hit for car ownership are the people
who can least afford a car. the people
who least want to actually be on the
hook for a $3,000, $5,000 down payment.
And Tesla's, as you probably know, if
you ever leased one, the 3,000 is a
little bit fake news because all the
taxes come on top of it. You you are
walking out there with like $7,000
lighter if you actually lease a Model Y
or something and transport costs and
stuff. So, it's no fun if you don't if
you're not rich.
But someone who can afford 7,000 bucks
and then 500 a month is not not rich. So
it will hit first other people who are
small car lease people, right? And uh
that's why I think Tesla is still kind
of a luxury car or mid luxury car. Uh
they will be hit last. It will first hit
the small car owners. It will first hit
the used car buyers. It will first hit
the poor people. Not the poor people.
the poor people will be held. The the
car manufacturers who sell to poorer
people, they will lose the most business
initially. And that is very important to
understand. It is the lower end of the
car market that first gets hit very hard
by robo taxi because robo taxi is much
more attractive once it's ubiquitous to
actually skip your car payments and skip
your down payments and say, "I don't
need that anymore. Skip the insurance
stuff and you just go straight into robo
taxi and you do not need a car anymore."
So, it's not just a convenience problem.
It's also a capital expenditure and
upfront fixed cost problem in the car
ownership market that Robo Taxi solves.
And that is a real extreme pain point of
the bottom 50%.
The bottom 25, bottom 50%.
So, isn't that interesting? That's how
it's going to go.
Martuk says, "Just want to say hi Joe
from Slovakia."
Very nice. Not to be confused with
Slovenia.
Uh, hello to Slovakia. Great to have you
on board.
Uh, LJ says, "We R is not being
personal. He's always passionate about
debate. He respects you. I can tell.
Yeah, he was nice to me. I don't think
Warren wants to be mean, but he's a
little tough how he frames certain
things." Uh, and I'm not into this ASI
debate stuff too much. It's like it's
too high school for me this whole thing.
It's like I have my thesis. I put my
thesis out there. Do I want to debate
it?
Not really. I know when I know
something. I have a high certainty on
that front. Um I'm not engaged right now
in like trying to deise policy. I don't
think that's my role. I don't think
that's where the value is. But I do
think there's significant value of me
sharing my perspective. That is one of
the most thought through perspectives on
AI you will ever get for a bunch of
reasons. I'm extremely high confidence
about my opinion on AI and I think it's
important to share this and as you know
I'm not joining that debate. I'm just
making a prediction. I know what is
true. I know what people think right now
and therefore I can construct
what people will think in a year or so.
That's actually very useful for us and I
shared my opinions on that. I think
there will be a realization that it's
already settling in very quickly that
ESI is an existential risk. Some people
say 10%, some 20. I know it's 100% and
people will get to that point more and
more within the next 18 months. that
will lead to a
prohibition of training super large
models in the 2030s or something and
will be prepared now.
And you see that Nvidia already knows
that he's not stupid. He knows that and
they're already preparing the next big
growth market for Nvidia which will be
testing. When you listen to what Jensen
says, he understands the situation. He
says, "Well, then we need testing." And
testing means you will have massive
compute demands probably much more than
base inference to just meta test all
these things all the time which is great
for Nvidia but it's mostly inference.
So
he was to Tesla boomer mama even if she
was wrong she did deserve that rudeness.
You're so mean. Warren is an Elon cult
leader. He will challenge anyone who
slightly disagrees with Elon.
Yeah, some people are very pro Elon. I
mean, I appreciate Elon, but we have to
be critical. We have to we have to call
out when Elon says stupid things, which
he does from time to time,
which Elon doesn't say stupid things
because he's stupid, but he's sometimes,
you know, in it. Also, he doesn't care
too much. He cares about his goals,
right? If he comments on something on
the side, he's just saying something
stupid like universal high income. Like
Elon, come on. Or we don't need money
anymore. Really, Elon? Really? And of
course, you never know what time in the
future he talks about. Of course, we
don't need money anymore at some point
in the future. But if you say that,
people think, "Oh, he means in 10
years." That's not true.
What is that? I didn't even follow this
guys. I'm You're more informed than me
on this stuff. I I'm not into drama, but
everyone else seems to be into drama. Uh
like I know that Warren and Alexander
and some other people, they were like
doing stuff.
Boomer Mama had come out with some
unintentionally misleading comments that
could have been better articulated.
Warren was responding to that.
You think the Roadster could fly like
the Air Thrusters bike? Yeah, I think it
will fly. It's very clear at this point.
Yes, he has a sharp tongue, but he was
factually correct. I'm a Boomer fan,
too, by the way. Yeah, I think I mean,
Warren, I think he can come across a
little bit abrasive, maybe because he
was a litigation attorney.
Uh, and some people don't appreciate
that.
Um,
but I do think he's trying to get to the
truth, which is fine.
Uh, here. Mech
Mac me GCH Naples, Italy on the Sun
Princess.
I hope the Sun Princess is a ship.
Uh, but greetings to Naples, Italy.
Um, however, he was factually correct as
what Boomer Mama was accidentally saying
was incorrect about Elon. Yes,
Galaxy Loop. Your wife I have a German
girlfriend. She believes the AFD is
super racist and extreme right-wing. Is
she in Germany or where Galaxy Loop?
Where do you live? Where are you
located? They will even though throw out
legal immigrants that are integrating,
contributing to society. how to deal
with this. Oh, I think this whole I mean
what blows me away in Germany is like
people are just artists. Germany is like
the ultimate autist country. Everyone is
like a freaking autist. So people have
ideas about the AFD like oh they want to
kill everyone. It's like
like people just make up stuff that is
completely disconnected from any
reality. And with the AFD is like a mass
psychosis. You know, you discuss with
people it's like, but they are like
Hitler and they want to create camps and
then they want to kill us all. It's
like, dude, you cannot like where is the
connection to reality?
Like there's a complete disconnect
between what people believe and what the
and then the FD is like, no, it's just
all not true.
Oh, you're just saying that. It's like
the Nazis. You're not saying it. So,
it's it's just completely unhinged the
whole situation.
Uh, so you should ask your girlfriend or
I wouldn't ex I would not recommend
political debates like this with your
girlfriend but
just ask her like do we have any
evidence for that
because the IFD says they don't want
that. So what else can they do then not
have that in the program and saying and
and making clear they don't want that.
So, you know,
uh, Ricardo Santos, Jennifer's also
invested in Tesla and wants to make
money. I said, Joe is an interesting guy
to listen to. Not very common for
females to invest as much. She is an
entrepreneur at heart. That's very cool.
You got yourself the right wife,
Ricardo. Jennifer seems to be very
smart. I know most women are not that
interested in this kind of tech stuff.
Uh but yeah, I do think the market and
the world is a little underappreciating
what is happening at Tesla and uh we did
all the math up and down.
Uh do you think Tesla will actually go
up for change of the next earnings call?
I don't think the earnings is going to
be the most important thing. It's really
about cyber cap. But if we scale into
the multiple thousands of cyber caps,
yeah, we could have, you have to
understand Tesla likes to go vertical
down and up. It doesn't like to creep.
And the cyber cap situation once the
market realizes this stuff actually
scales right now, it's going to be
absolutely vertical. And that's the
problem. You can't just slowly like try
it. You have to be in before that
happens. But we don't know exactly when
it happens.
LJ, the German media is lying about AFD.
Also, with all due respect, what you
expect from a girlfriend? Oh, now we do
some red pilling moments here. We can't
do that. We have we have to be well
behaved.
Uh, Michael Stevens, thanks for the
response. Very insightful. Yes, the
rootech. That was the robo taxi question
when it eats into the car ownership
market. Matty MO I saw on X reply chain
between Aaron Bernett and Musk talking
about each stalling V3 will have an NVL
rag not true when yeah this is all
happening this is all happening and
scheduled for uh for Q4 2027 Yansuang
announced it and Elon they are
co-developing that rack for the new Star
Mind satellite which will be based on
the Starink V3 but of course have much
larger solar panels because they 240 kW
of energy. So more energy and much more
radiators. But we have to understand all
components of the Starink can be
deployed in Star Mind. And Star Mind
does not need any significantly
different hardware other than the rack.
Yes, I know this is we have this fully
covered. Exactly.
Herbert had something about the compute
on starting V3. He spies Elon. Each set
is 250 kilowatt and will have a SpaceX
design. Yeah, but this is all this is
clear what this is. Star mind version
one based on staling v3 but different
being developed as we speak.
The rack will be ready Q4 next year
maybe earlier in my opinion. Uh and they
will test fly probably some of them
earlier.
Do you think Optimus will have a
stalling dish in each unit? I think it's
a little early for that and not
necessary right now because it will all
be deployed for now for the next 12
months maybe 9 months only in Tesla
Tesla's factory thing is Elon's stupid
statement are more intelligent than
stupid people intelligence statements
well it depends it depends of course
obviously yes but uh we have to just
differentiate some there are three Elon
type state there are three types of
statements from Elon number one thought
through thoughtful statements. They come
out of Elon's brain when he thinks about
his main trajectories.
Then sloppy Elon statements
that when he talks about when he talks
about certain components of politics he
doesn't really care about or universal
high income and stuff like that, they
are sloppy. That doesn't mean they are
wrong. Uh but they are sloppily
formulated. And then there's propaganda.
and propaganda. Every CEO has to do
propaganda. That's when there's reality
distortion in a not so good way when he
needs to achieve something. That happens
more rarely with Elon than with other
CEOs. And every CEO has to do it with to
some extent. For example, why is Jensen
saying there's no risk in ASI? I mean,
this is his job. He cannot say there's
risk. He's selling chips, but he knows
exactly what's going on.
Uh what is this Warren topic? Warren
Redley just did a live stream about my
statement and how wrong I am uh on ASI
risk which is like very hard to argue
that I'm wrong on that or maybe
impossible.
Try
to organize and podcast with Red Leing
Chambers is boring. Sure, I could do
that,
but I really don't like I'm a little
like, you know,
I don't like to debate off topic topics
like ESI where I also can't learn much
to be totally frank. I don't want to
sound arrogant, but no one is going to
teach me anything about ESI risk because
that's something I've thought more than
probably anyone else except for people
who are really deep into that and they
all come to the same conclusion for some
reason, including Elon.
I'm so into voting for the famous
painter to become leader of Europe.
Andrea Spa
who you are talking about, but I heard a
lot of people voicing these opinions.
Um,
yeah, Slim Booter, if they have been
ramping up the cyber caps and packing
them everywhere, then we need to see
them deployed soon. Otherwise, the
factory will outproduce what they are
shipping and the lines will be slowed.
One of my core arguments, Limbbo, you
make a very good point. I made this
point before. I think there is some push
forcing forcing function a little bit on
Tesla and that's why I remain extremely
bullish because I can't even wait that
long because they have them piling up.
AFD is not revolutionary enough.
Hopefully, it progresses into something
more satisfying. Mitun, Tesla, SpaceX.
Jim Boogie,
I would kind of push back on that
because I do think of all the parties,
all the alternatives in Europe and in
the United States and of course Canada
and Australia, the AFD is by far the
most substantive and the least
corrupted. Now, is it enough? I don't
know. But you also have to walk the
line. You don't want to be too
revolutionary. You want to be right
there. You want to be revolutionary
enough and non-corrupted enough to
actually get the job done while at the
same time not radicalize yourself.
And so the AFD, I know these people a
little bit.
My gut tells me, I know my Germans. My
gut tells me they're the real deal. And
Le Pen is not the real deal. Reform is
hyper fake. Meloney is not the real
deal. The Hungarians
unfortunately
have fallen apart. The Swedes, oh my
god, look at this very Democrats.
Horrible failure.
Absolutely traders. So, uh, who's left?
Did I forget anyone? Restore. No one
knows, but I don't trust all this
English politics. I would not be
surprised if Restore just turns out to
be another trader operation, a reform, a
second reform. I mean, he sounds all
strong and good and maybe, but I I have
no faith in that. And the United States,
I mean, uh, I think, oh, I'm not
bullish. I'm not bullish on on American
politics right now. Trump has messed it
completely up. America first. I don't
see how these guys can win.
Uh, and uh, you know, they're just
splitting the GOP. Now you have Ma Ma
against America first.
and MAGA is not going away. So, it's
going to be a split vote.
And Fuentes is driving everyone to vote
Democrat.
And maybe that's some 5D chess move, but
that move will take a long time to play
out. So, uh I'm not bullish right now on
American politics. I think this could go
horribly wrong in 2028
or very likely will. I don't even
understand how well it depends if the
Democrats are really incompetent enough
to like whatever put Camala up again or
something then they might lose again but
it's extremely hard for the Democrats to
lose at this point.
So in a way and small countries like
Denmark of course everyone is bullish on
Denmark but Denmark is just too small.
That's the problem. Denmark is not going
to save us all. Denmark might save
itself.
Um, so you need a major country to do
something. And of all the major
countries, weirdly enough, Germany is
the thing. I can't even believe I'm
saying that because I I'm the biggest
Germany critic. I Germany is the most
cucked and ridiculous country when it
comes to their leadership.
But now the tide is kind of shifting.
And when I look at the facts, I think
the AFD could be the only hope for
literally everyone, including even
America at this point, which is weird. I
would not have expected that. But the
more I look into what's happening in
Germany, the more it's like, whoa, these
people might pull it off. And I don't
mean winning. Winning is not even the
hardest thing as we've seen with Trump
or Maloney or Hungary. But winning and
then actually executing
that would be quite something. And it's
a long story, but I think like this
entire western downfall that we
experiencing, where did it all come
from? Where did it originate from? It
originated in Germany in 1945.
So maybe it's like an ironic twist of
history if the Germans this time
actually save everyone. That would be
funny. Wouldn't that be funny?
So, so much politics. Should I sell some
Tesla and buy SpaceX? Seriously
considering it? As I said, I think
SpaceX is a little highly valued. That's
my problem with SpaceX. You have to
always think about how expensive is this
thing. And is SpaceX more attractive
than Tesla? Maybe. SpaceX has a ton
going for it, but it's also cost you
twice as much. Is SpaceX really worth
two Teslas? Cyber Cap, Optimus, Terraap.
You think this thing is twice as much
worth? I don't know.
You know, when you That's the problem.
Even if they reek in like five billion
more in the fourth quarter, like okay,
at two trillion h
do you really think if they add another
two and a half thousand robot taxes till
the end of the year that the market will
appreciate this so much?
Yeah. Absolutely wolves. Now,
absolutely. I'm not saying that two and
a half thousand cyber caps will get us
to 700, but will, in my opinion, get us
absolutely over 500.
Ken says, "I'm a Brian Wang fan." Yeah,
I think Brian is very smart. Brian has
good ideas. His math is good. He's not
always the best in articulating this
stuff, but I think his brain is very
sharp. I really appreciate Brian.
Uh, and we are in always in touch,
right? Uh, Brian and me. Tesla should
have test cyber caps or other test
vehicles with FSD. Go to the Texas
Renaissance Festival. Texas Renaissance
Festival. I should go there. I like
Renaissance festivals purely just to
test the parking aspect.
Grass parking. But, uh, X, what is it
called? The X meetup is also was also
grass parking last time was there in Sun
Bispo.
How are we undervalued if PE is five
times earnings?
What do you mean?
Five times earnings. Not dumb for
Ukrainians to blow up Russian diesel
plants since they both pay for and
supply the Russian army. Seems very
sensible to me, though not good for the
rest of the world. Well, it's but it's
not good for the rest of the world and
Trump said don't do it and then they did
it anyway. So that seems a little weird
to me. Any thoughts on biotech being the
next AI investment opportunity? Thanks
for what you do, Joe. Thank you so much,
Galaxy Loop. Well, I'm as, as you all
know, probably I was in biotech before
in genomics. I've seen it from the
inside. And the problem with biotech is
it's a totally messed up market, right?
So the tech is fine, but the incentive
systems are so skewed that you need to
be kind of an insider to understand
what's even happening.
You need to understand you know the
payers and the insurance and blah blah
blah all these everything is totally
corrupted. You need to understand who
corrupts whom and who pays money to
whom.
So the problem is with biotech you can't
just look at like oh it's going to do a
lot of stuff. That's not how it works
because there's no real market like
that. It's all a giant corruption
construct and you need to understand
inside that construct what is actually
generating cash. So that's why I'm not a
big fan of biotech as an investment. Not
because it's not hot and not because it
can't have enormous impact, but because
of the
twisted nature of the financial uh logic
behind it.
Hi Joe, perhaps Tesla is now collecting
as much data as possible on V15 which
could be already have been deployed in
cyber captiv. know that version 15 is
partially deployed.
I had like a video in preparation, but I
didn't do it yet. You can actually break
down a shocks commentary and you
understand exactly what components of
version 15 are important and
breakthrough moments and when they will
be deployed. There's like a thing we
started to work on. Let's see if I can
do that.
Uh, do you ever let your short puts get
assigned or always roll or close for a
loss? No, I never get assigned or I
never let them assign. If they assign, I
immediately sell the stock. For me, it's
a clear separation. I'm not messing
these two things up. Short puts are
there to make me money, okay? Not to get
stocks. If I want stocks, I buy the
stock.
So, it's a pure I really hard separate
them out. So, I don't care if I get
assigned, I just sell the stock right
away. Uh, but of course, I'm doing, you
know, because we are now institutional
and we have a different tax structure.
So, a lot of things I'm doing here with
Pioneer Alpha
don't really translate that easily into
your own account unless you have a
retirement account, self-directed growth
or whatever.
Or like in Sweden, but in Sweden you
can't do options unfortunately
or New Zealand I heard like I don't know
the latest New Zealand but I think they
also have a tax advantaged situation.
Okay, Tiger Mike asks, "Hi Joe, what is
your thesis on the deflation of tokens
from open models and how this affects
the financials of openthropic? This
could crash the entire AI trade."
Um, I think it puts pressure on the eye
trade.
Um,
but not really. When you think about it,
Tiger Mike, it doesn't put pressure on
the AI trade. It puts pressure on OpenAI
and Anthropic
uh but it just means even more compute
buildout. It doesn't put pressure on
SpaceX. It doesn't put pressure on
Nvidia or Micron. So I'm I actually
think the token deflation
that you know new models come out.
They're chasing the frontier and they're
lowering the price. That's not
necessarily a bad thing. It's bad. It's
it's putting a lot of pressure on
anthropic and open AAI but as long as
they keep innovating they will be fine.
But I think it's very contained in that
sphere. It's not actually trickling down
as a risk into the AI trade. The
opposite is true. We just need more and
more compute
here. What's wrong with echo chambers? I
tend to agree with all of them. Yes.
Um
here I recently saw a cyber in New York
City. New York City is coming.
Hey Joe, funny you keep bringing up
Eagle, Idaho. I'm based here there. What
is your con correction connection with
that quaint little town? Uh I had a
girlfriend once
from that little town uh a long time
ago. 10
15 years. Wow. Yes. Uh so I had some
connections there.
The whole discussion on brighter with
Herbert was in was in fact that Elon had
confirmed that it was actually some kind
of combined styling star satellite
invested.
K. I think what he meant is that
Starmite of course will be built on top
of version three Starink technology,
but it will be dedicated satellite.
And I think the real thing will only be
ready in in Q4 next year. Maybe earlier
because I think they will actually be
early on the timeline, including Nvidia.
I don't think they're going to take that
long.
So, but it's I don't think there's
anything I overlooked there in terms of
that. A fuzzy dog. When does Tesla have
2,500? Well, no one knows, but I think
this year
Tesla job opening near Los Angeles. Robo
taxi operations managed a full-time
management role overseeing the Yeah. Oh
my god, they pay so much money. Um
Elon said that uh California might get
unlocked mid of next year. California
always takes forever because they need
all this validation, but California is a
very big deal, the biggest deal by an
enormous distance in the United States.
California means San Diego, Orange
County, Los Angeles County, and San
Francisco and Silicon Valley. of course
maybe Sacramento. So these are enormous
amounts of people. You cover like 30
million people easily.
Hello from Boston. Marsha Tim Siman,
thank you so much for your excellent
research and insight. Siman is a very
German name. Are you German or just
American? German? Marsha. No, Marsha.
That's American.
Uh you're probably married to German or
something. Hello from Mesa, Arizona.
Have not seen any cyber cap here. Cap
here yet. Mesa. No, in Tucson probably
is the next after Phoenix.
Uh John G, I just automate my entire
back office of my restaurant. It will
save me $30,000 a year and took three
hours60 with Grockbot. Game changer
people. Game changer. John G, are you
like did you connect with me? Was it
John G? I had a pioneer and citizen
reach out to me who's a mid small
midsize business owner manufacturing
about Grockport because we are working
on something cool.
No, John G, it wasn't John G was rich
another one. So John G, you should get
in touch with me because we are like oh
and you have a restaurant because we are
building Dropne version two. You know
that we have our agentic system that
some of you use some of you are heavy
users of drought but we work on the
second update the second generation of
drought where we understand we should
actually evolve drought our AI agentic
system in pioneer lens to actually fill
the big gap which is you have grockbot
you also have claude co-work which is
pretty good and you have codeex which is
also pretty good they're all direct
competitors with grock I think grock had
the has the best AI uh UI But the others
are still a little smarter. Doesn't
matter any three of them. And a lot of
small business owners, midsize
businesses don't know what to do with
them. They know it's very powerful, but
they can't empower their workforce. And
so we are developing drought near 2.0,
which is basically like a skill and task
extractor and design system. Long story
short,
it's designed to actually help you
figure out and all your employees
What is it you should put into Grogbot
for maximum productivity?
I think it's very smart. It could be
very transformative and it's it's going
to be free for our citizens.
Maybe citizen plus required. We still
are working on the details, but for now
we do it as a pilot. So if you guys are
small business owners or midsize
business owners or even for yourself,
you should like get in touch on Pioneer
Lens or directly on X because we want to
build the first pilot and see how useful
Drop can be to boost productivity for
yourself but also for your teams with
Grockbot or any of the other two agendic
systems. I am very excited because
that's basically the problem we saw.
Um,
Ron Baron has a lot more SpaceX than
Tesla. Is that true?
Have to look it up.
I drove from Indiana to South Carolina
and home again using FSD. We used FSD
all the way except parking. It drove
perfectly. Yes, I believe that. By the
way, Dr. Fur brains, uh, I am extremely
bullish on SpaceX on a one-year plus
scale. I just think right now it's a
little highly valued still. It has all
these share unlocks and Tesla is super
undervalued. That's why I'm more bullish
on Tesla than SpaceX tactically for now.
But that can change if Tesla goes up a
lot, SpaceX goes down a lot or SpaceX
sees more progress. I mean, this can
change. SpaceX is definitely one of the
hottest things ever.
Chop says, "I've been seen cyber
validating with CT in Connecticut, I
assume, following I35 going from
What's KC? Kentucky. No, KC.
Uh, Missouri and crossing into Kansas
also. So, cyber cap in KS in Kansas
driving in suburbs. No follow car but
don't know. Yeah, I think it's going to
be huge.
Abigail fan. Who's Abigail?
Um, I also have a reseller business. I
will try to sell this to other
businesses.
Yes, John G, for sure.
Bought PTLO. It's too cheap with a
higher book value instead of buying that
has more restaurants.
Um, I had actually tried
Claude and was a disaster.
I mean, it's a little complicated. Yeah.
Hi Joe, what's your thoughts on the
upcoming Tesla earnings call in October?
How much will be the impact of CyberCap
launch on the cash flow? I would say
basically nothing in October or like
this quarter nothing. They just launched
in September. So I think there will be
zero impact on cash flow. There will be
not much transparency into that. I think
in January that might change
but that's what I mean like Wall Street
is not going to wait for the first
earnings call talking about this. They
are just going to know before and we
have to know before. So I would not wait
for January earnings call to hear about
cyber cap.
Three days of work and just more
questions. Grockbboard is a problem
solver.
Yeah, I think Grockot is very powerful,
but my AI team says uh it's still not as
intelligent as clot. It's just much
easier to use and very effective. I
think Crockpot is like super hot.
Okay, very good guys. Let's wrap it up.
That was a long session, but necessary
to be prepared for the next trading
week. It's going to be hot. The Pioneer
Bonds will be live. Let's pray. I don't
want to jinx it, but I think we get them
live and that would be huge. Then we
will hear much more about Pioneer Bonds
and Pineer Alpha again because I was a
little inhibited because of legal stuff.
You can't like talk to much too too much
about if it's not live. But once it's
back live, we can talk much more about
the specific return structures and stuff
like that.
Uh, I can't wait.
I can't wait. I'm also doing well. Alpha
over Tesla is very much intact,
but not alpha over S&amp;P unfortunately.
But that will come very soon. I think I
think we will beat the S&amp;P this year.
Very, very soon. Not now, but we are way
ahead of Tesla. So, let's see what
happens. I will keep you guys in the
loop. And uh yeah, let's see what the
next
week
brings.
John G says, I it wasn't complicated
with a bot. Absolute completely
different experience. May not be as
smart, but it's a competition in three
hours what I couldn't do in three three
weeks. Yeah, I agree, John. It's huge.
This thing is huge. You're on the right
track. You should use it and and it
improves every month. You get a smarter
model. So, Rockboard is just super hot.