Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Robotaxi Starts EXPANDING - Will The Stock RALLY NOW?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNmQ625T9lo
Published:   2026-04-22 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-22 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, so Tesla investors are now asking
the question, is Tesla stock ready to
run? If not, why? And today, we'll
explore what needs to happen first.
Earlier this week, Tesla flipped the
switch on fully unsupervised robo taxi
in Dallas and Houston. No safety driver
or human in the seat, just the car. And
the plan is to have seven cities by the
end of June. So, here's the big
question. If Robo Taxi really is
expanding this fast, does the stock
rally now, or does Wall Street yawn and
move on like they've done before? Here's
the thing. The robo taxi expansion isn't
the only catalyst that's just dropped.
There's a second one landing right now
in Europe and a third one hitting
production this quarter. When you line
all three up next to each other, this
time looks very different. We'll break
it down today. Got Joe Bacti here with
us today. He's an economist, investor,
and tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pinerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; We're talking stock. So, I was inspired
by looking at your channel. you have a
YouTube channel, Joe Bacti, and uh
you've got these last two episodes back
to back were about these two questions.
So, I wanted to share with the audience,
my audience, what you're thinking. The
first question you asked is, is Tesla
stock ready to run? Uh and if not, why?
And then two, you said if Robo Taxi
really is expanding this fast, does the
stock rally now? So, why don't you
answer the first question?
&gt;&gt; What do you think?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so of course my job is to
always generate alpha. That's what we're
doing here. And uh part of that is to
predict what the stock is going to do on
a you know on a weekly, bi-weekly,
monthly, six months and long-term basis.
And I think where we are at right now is
uh we at a very interesting point where
we will see again that the opinions
diverge. That's exactly where you
generate alpha. A lot of people will say
where is the scale right? Where why are
they not scaling? What is delaying them?
And of course the key is to be in that
stock at the right moment in time or
double down at the right moment in time
when the revelation what is actually
happening is trickling through to
everyone. So the question is when is
that happening? And I said originally,
well, I believe at 1,800 rubbo taxis
unsupervised deployed, we have a forcing
function and I'm sticking to that. But a
forcing function means there's so much
cash flow coming in at that point. 5% of
uh 2024 cash free cash flow of Tesla uh
annualized at 1,800 robo taxes in my
computation. That is a forcing function
that would force a repricing of this
stock. And a repricing doesn't mean 490
or 500 means like vastly above that
because it's not the old all-time high
which is 490. And important to notice is
that that is what I mean with forcing
function is that happens when that
happens even the most resistant little
analyst in their basement has to re
repric. So it doesn't mean we have to
wait until this point. We have to I
think the inflection happens in the
stock when the more forward-looking
analysts Gene Monster and Dan Ives and
you know the rest among Stanley Adam
Jonas when when they see oh it's
happening to CERN Basher's point like
CERN always said well if you believe in
it in at 200 you should also believe in
a thousand and you should also believe
at 500 robo taxis once they're
unsupervised because obviously they're
scaling into that and he's right to some
extent.
So I think the real question is and that
will be the real inflection as long as
the market stays bullish in general
macro. When does an analyst or an
investor see what's happening with robo
taxi and can with confidence say we are
now dozens of unsupervised robo taxis
and they keep scaling at a high rate.
That is the point in my opinion where we
see an inflection where we see really
like the the not the forcing function in
the sense that people who don't want to
believe it have to believe it but where
the main crowd and the innovator
investor crowd jumps on it and drives
the stock up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so that's what I'm really looking
for like when are we at this point? And
when you look at what where we are right
now, we have Houston, we have Dallas. We
had one each unsupervised deployed last
week and now we have two, which might
sound like nothing. Well, we had two,
now we have four plus Austin. But I
mean, if this continues, then you have
eight, then you have 16, then you have
32. And at that moment, it's already
what I'm talking about.
&gt;&gt; It could happen next week. So, it could
also not happen next week. But we are
now in this phase where if you ask me
how sure am I that this repricing does
not happen next week. I have to say well
I'm not sure it could definitely happen
next week.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I mean it will happen next week but you
know what I mean like we are now in that
critical moment. It could h it could
take another six months but it could
absolutely also happen next week because
we are only two handfuls of robo taxis
unsupervised away from I think where it
inflicts. So I I disagree with um a
little bit in terms of what you're
saying but also what CERN is saying
right because I like and I agree with
when you say there's a forcing function
which is there's a certain number of
cars and you kind of gave your reasoning
5% of C free cash flow makes sense once
you hit 2800 cars robo taxis
unsupervised then it becomes hard for
anyone else at that point to say because
it's 5% of free cash flow which means
it's really significant to the business
and it's hard the the idea A that well
one you know there is a time in between
that you can actually start seeing the
stock rise because more I can see more
and more people will go oh this thing is
really working and they'll start jumping
on board. I get it but I think it's more
of a trickle. What what do we actually
see instead? What we see is uh bears
moving the goalposts. So they'll say
yeah but they're all they all have a
human in the car. Then they'll say, "Oh,
yeah, sure. There's, you know, eight
unsupervised Model Y's running around in
Austin. Sure. So what?" And now it's,
"Oh, it's only one in in Houston and one
in Dallas. Who cares?" Oh, it's only
two. Who cares? And then they'll just
keep doing that. You know what I mean?
So you can basically say there is a
hundred unsupervised. And they'll say,
they'll just come up with another
reason. They'll say, "Well, that's
because they're still afraid. They can't
do a thousand. They can only do a
hundred." But a thousand's a whole
different animal. lots more accidents
will happen. They'll never get to a
thousand. They've got lots of issues
they need to solve. Infrastructure is a
real big deal. Whatever they'll come up
with their reasoning. But I do agree
though. So that's sort of one side. It's
like I see trickles. And on the other
side, I do agree that there is a moment
when big whale investors, institutional
analysts flip their mind and they start
saying the opposite. And here's one
example. The Bank of America reiterated
a buy rating $460 price target organ of
Tesla. Analyst Alex Perry cited
significant embedded opportunity from
robo taxi is a key factor supporting the
rating. He believes Tesla is at the
early stages of monetization of its
autonomy capability. So what you're
saying right they it's being monetized
now they got to start like talking about
it. The firm sees autonomous vehicles
spurring the next era of mobility and as
the most significant change agent in the
auto 2.0 landscape they're seeing. Alex
said autonomous vehicles offer consumers
the prospect of saving time, safe
travel, and more accessible
transportation. So guess what? We've
been following all these institutionaliz
you see it's coming and then they go n.
And then finally it's here and now
they're saying yeah it's here. So,
you're right that there's they have to
change the language and they're doing it
now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course, when I talk about
things like that, I'm doing this kind of
full-time. It's kind of my job. So, it's
of course it's a little more complicated
to your point. But you have to consider
all components when it comes to actually
predicting the stock. Uh, and with all
components, I mean number one macro,
Iran, blah blah blah, the the new Fed
chair. So, is the market bullish? I
would say yes. So right now we have a
bullish next four weeks or something
guaranteed. Bullish means it's not going
to drop crazy unless some something
happens and that might carry over more.
Number two,
uh what is Tesla doing and where is the
stock right now? And the stock is low
and I mean with low is $100 under its
all-time highs, 25%.
So you are coming in this with some
strength, right? Because you're already
too low.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
To your point, if we would be at 490, I
would say, yeah, you have a lot of
resistance up there. It's like, well,
this is alltime highs. If you want me to
buy more of that stock,
100 unsupervised might not be enough,
right? It's like, well, what if it stops
at 200? This is very risky. But down
here, you like, well, there's only
upside. I mean, even if nothing happens,
I have 20% upside in no time. So, now we
can go in and then you have momentum
that matters, right? If you go in, if
you're at 380 or 390 and you think hm
what is exactly the scenario over the
next two months? Well, we should go to
490. That can happen of course in a
week, but for now it's not happening. So
I have all this upside plus at some
point this inflection is going to happen
and so then it becomes very interesting
because if you're at 400 or 420 and you
hit let's say 50 unsupervised which you
know could happen very quickly. We are
at 17. So you know 50 I mean that's
whatever that can happen in one or two
weeks. Then you're looking at a
situation like well what happens next
right? So if you're at 400 we can run to
490 without even that plus that on top
of it plus then time goes by another two
weeks. What if we go to 100 and then you
have momentum and then panic breaks out
and stuff like that. Of course it might
overshoot and go to 600 and then it
stagnates at 200 unsupervised and then
we have a different situation. Yeah. Now
it could drop back to 500. But I'm
always looking at all these components
and say like right now it's just super
bullish because in the end the only
thing that matters for me is all these
basian probabilities of macro Iran and
Russia and Fed chair plus is Tesla
undervalued or not compared to in
technical terms plus what is the
fundamental forcing function or momentum
forcing function of robo taxis and right
now they just all align perfectly. So
it's a bit different ballgame. I agree
with you. If you go very high, 550 or
something, any stagnation
can bring the bears out even if you're
at 300 unsupervised because then they
say, well, so expensive, you repric in a
thousand and now it might stagnate
forever and then people panic and it
drops back, but that requires it to be
high. So that's how I see that's why I'm
right now pretty bullish. Joe, how do
you um answer the question like some
people say, you know, even even your
forcing function at 2,800, you know,
they'll say Whimo has 3,000 cars
operating in five cities, four cities,
five cities, I think now, and it's going
to get to 10 cities. They'll have 3,000
cars. They're doing it
&gt;&gt; well,
&gt;&gt; what's the big deal?
&gt;&gt; I came to the 2,000 roughly 2,000 cars
based on free cash flow calculations.
When you do the same calculations on
Wayo, it's a disaster.
which is I mean they there is no number
of cars they need to to have positive
free cash flow. So they have just a
giant problem of all sorts and Whimo
will remain a money uh money uh burying
like operation for a very long time
because they just simply lack all kinds
of things, right? They're first of all
their tech their FSD technology is weak.
It's probably not even profitable. They
need too many people watching all these
cars. Number two, their cars suck
because they cost like I don't know four
times the amount of a cyber cap. So they
don't have these economics down. Uh plus
their tech requires higher you know uh
uh not higher variable costs. So their
fixed costs are too high, the variable
costs are too high. Everything sucks.
And so they are a venture investment and
that's the big difference. Tesla is only
one step away to unlock the greatest
cash flow model in the world. like well
after maybe Anthropic and uh SpaceX but
&gt;&gt; um so they have it all figured out right
from a business model perspective there
is no big question mark the only
remaining question mark is when can they
scale but the rest is in place on the
free cash flow side whereas way more
nothing is in place even if they would
have the same technology at Tesla and
they would be able to start scaling they
would have to figure out a lot of things
how they need to I told everyone they
have to buy a car manufacturer at some
point if they want to really do this.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That there's just no doubt. There's zero
doubt that Whimo right now is just not
ready. If they ever get ready and need
hundreds of thousands of millions of
cars, they need to buy one of these OEMs
because everything else would be highly
stupid. It's literally their product,
these cars. So, if you don't
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're you're absolutely
dead on correct. It's just that I don't
know if the investors will actually
recognize the nuance you just outlined.
They just see the two as being exactly
the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's it's like for me, I mean,
it's also something Well, I'm normally
not even talking about Whimo too much
because this is not even a competitor.
But if you would take it seriously as a
competitor, you don't need to understand
all the details of Whimo internally
because no one knows. I can just tell
you as long as they didn't buy an OEM,
they don't even think they're ready. So
that's a good signal like okay where's
the OEM?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, for sure. I agree with you.
Yeah. I always I've said something very
similar. I said every time you hear
these announcements uh of partnerships
between Whimo and other car companies,
you have to look closely at the
announcement. Is it Whimo buying the
cars or is it that that auto company
saying uh you know you I'm selling you
the car? You know what I mean? Like it's
it's it's it's of course way buying the
car from them as opposed to
&gt;&gt; it's like trying to compete with Apple
and not producing phones. Okay. How are
you going to do that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We buy from other people. It's like
really I mean I don't think that's going
to work well. Of course Google does
that. That might be their mistake,
right? Google with Android. They if you
look at the Android business, if you
look at the Android business and compare
the free cash flow from from Android
business to the free cash flow of Apple,
you see there's a little difference.
&gt;&gt; Okay? So,
&gt;&gt; you should that's a good exercise
because that's Google's mindset right
now. You should compare these two
numbers. You should compare these two
numbers. I would be surprised if it's
1%. I don't think Android business is 1%
of Apple's free.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's actually a good point
because if Whimo there Whimo could have
um just become a software company and
then selling the software to all these
automakers, but then these automakers
are partnered with Nvidia. So actually
Nvidia's uh announcement is actually
killer to Whimo, not to Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. No, it's like it's very simple.
If you want to understand money, like
how are you going to compete with Tesla
if you if you don't build cars?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And look at Android. Like
I'm not even joking. If you would look
at free cash flow of Apple versus free
cash flow of Google's Android division,
I guarantee you it's not 1%.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, how do you answer the
question? So, you had two questions. The
first one or the I I'll go with the
second one first. If Robo Taxi really is
expanding this fast, does a stock rally
now? And so, what what does that mean
when you said that as your title of your
show? What how fast are you thinking?
And does a stock rally now? What's your
answer? Well, it all comes down to a
very simple question. What we just
outlined a little bit. I know my forcing
function is 1,800, right? That's where
it's game over.
&gt;&gt; But it's probably game over at a
thousand at because of the CERN theory,
right? If everyone agrees, okay, at 18,
if you had 5% free cash flow growing at
10% a month, obviously it's game over.
But then why not at 2.5%, why not at 1%.
And so you can connect these dots very
clearly. If you have a continuous high
growth rate, say 100% or 50% a month, uh
you can I think extrapolate maybe 3
months before. So I think it's very hard
to see if you had 1,800 forcing function
that at 500 they wouldn't pull the
trigger if it's a steep growth curve. Of
course, not if it's 500 in 2029, but if
it's 500 in September, I think at some
point it becomes inevitable. So
all of that just means we are in an
extremely critical phase right now for
investors who want to be ahead, who want
to generate some alpha. We extremely
critical phase because they are clearly
not unlikely scenarios where we are
hitting these important points within
the next four weeks, maybe eight weeks.
I'm not saying that's guaranteed. I
don't know when they're scaling, but if
they continue that, they are now at four
outside Austin. If they had eight next
week and then 16, I would get extremely
nervous like in a positive way. It's
like this might be happening right now.
So important. We might also flatline.
You know how it is. Maybe flatline for a
few months and nothing happens. It
happened before. I'm saying we have to
watch this very closely. We have very I
think once we hit around 100, it's it
starts to be game over. That's what I
think. If this if the growth curve is
consistent and high.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So
are you expecting that because it has
been again looking backwards uh it's
been very slow painfully slow uh to many
of us who watch it daily but then are
you expecting that now that they've got
two in each cities they launch with
unsupervised first they got the robo the
cyber caps being pumped out now and I
think there was 14 of them seen in the a
couple days ago in Giga Texas lot that
have no steering wheel and pedals which
means that Maybe maybe
&gt;&gt; those are going to go into robo taxi
service you know
&gt;&gt; maybe it's disappointing but I have to
talk as an investor now um I don't
expect anything
because that would be a mistake I think
now we have to be very datadriven
because what I see is the basian layers
I see European Union approvals I see
cyber cap you know launching and and and
scaling and shipping these things so I
see all the conditions being
perfectionized for rapid scale but the
missing piece is the actual scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so since everything gets more and
more solidified, that gives us a little
bit of an of a hint, right? If Tesla
goes so seriously in to prepare the
scale, we can be sure, okay, something
is going on. And then it's really about
watching on the ground these
deployments. I think that's the only
remaining real data point. And I'm not
expecting anything because that would be
a mistake at this point. I know, okay,
they're ready. We need to watch it and
we need to act fast. Like if you're
greedy like me, right? You can also just
have your Tesla core position not do
anything and get rich. It's fine. But if
you want to generate alpha and say like,
well, if the time is right, I go in with
calls long or leverage the hell out of
it, whatever. Uh, then you have to watch
out for that because this will be very
rapid. I definitely think if that
happens, you could look at a $200 rally
or something with
&gt;&gt; What do you say it's going to be rapid?
What What would be an example of um a
rapid roll out? Well, I think it's more
it's it's very hard to tell like if
because it's not about the rollout
speed. It's about when the market starts
realizing okay this is happen the real
thing is happening
&gt;&gt; and you have to understand or everyone
who's watching is you have to understand
how the market works. The market doesn't
want to wait. Why is the market so
violent? Why does Tesla drop 30% or go
up 30% or 50 or 100%. within days
because the market hates the market
absolutely hates being realistic. That's
the worst thing for the market. The
market wants to preempt everything. They
want to extrapolate and preempt before
anyone else does. That's why you see
these dramatic jumps.
&gt;&gt; And so at the moment where the market
decides, okay, now it's time to preempt
everyone,
&gt;&gt; it can go up to 100 bucks like in no
time. And the question is, when is that
happening? And I don't know the answer.
I know the range. It's It's happening
somewhere between 50 and 1,800.
I'm pretty sure about that. And when? No
one knows. So for us, it's the question.
Well, it's a momentum question, right?
If we are meeting again in one year and
we at 100, we know, well, if it goes to
120, it's not going to help much because
now, okay, this is a very slow ramp. But
if we meet in four weeks and we at 100
then all bets off because the might as
well extrapolate like well that means it
could be at a thousand.
&gt;&gt; A good answer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So we have to look at the slope and we
have to understand we are extremely
close. The market I think is getting
into gear pulling the trigger. That's
what I think. But they're waiting for
&gt;&gt; happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very good answer by the way. I
love it. Um I think you you threw out
the number 50. You threw out the number
of 100. Once there you got a 50
unsupervised cars something might start
happening 100 starts happening what's
dependent right so as I said if it's 50
in 2027 nothing's going to happen at 100
because people say well whatever
&gt;&gt; right it depends it has to happen like
in the next month or two what what what
do you say what would happen if the
cyber cabab they because it will happen
there will be a day where I will go out
there I want to be the first by the way
I'm hoping that they will allow me to be
the first person ever to hail a cyber
cab, true robo taxi with no one in it. I
want that to happen. So, let's say that
that does happen. Let's say it happens
this month. There's a chance it can
happen in April. Well, maybe not. It's
like a week away from now, but uh let's
say, you know, next month that they for
show allow cyber caps driving around as
an unsupervised vehicle. What do you
think happens to the stock?
&gt;&gt; I think that's like nice. It helps for
awareness, but it's not what real
investors are looking for because it's
really about scale. They know they could
do that. They know they could have one
cyber cap do that or two or three or
four. No, but don't you think that if if
they can show you that the cyber cab is
actually being used as a road, which
they will, that's the whole point. And
then then they connect together and they
go, but the factory is spitting these
things out like this. Therefore
50, 100, a thousand they will go okay
this you'll have a thousand of them.
Well, I think optically it's very good,
but uh I think every investor who knows
a little bit about anything knows, okay,
the big question is can you scale
unsupervised? Can you scale the number
of cars that are unsupervised in
commercial operation?
&gt;&gt; So, it doesn't really matter to you if
it's cyber cab or not, just unsupervised
robo taxis, that's what matters.
&gt;&gt; Yes, even doubt that cyber capab is
going to work the same way as Model Y or
maybe better. So, this is not a big
question. It's not d-risking anything.
What's derisking is do we see some scale
and unsupervised and are we now in a
slope and trajectory that clearly
indicates there's also no human indirect
&gt;&gt; because it's about the technology if the
technology works great you're using it
in multiple form factors even better
form factor because it's cheaper and
better cash flow but what matters is
does the technology work right now the
qu it's qu being questioned because you
there's a reason why they're very slow
there's only a reason why they only have
10 of them 15 of them 20 of them that's
you know Yeah,
&gt;&gt; there's still safety risk of course. I
mean this is unsupervised in commercial
operation. It's a new thing and you
can't make any mistakes.
&gt;&gt; Great great concept. Okay, so you've
answered the questions pretty nicely. Is
a Stasa stock ready to run? Well, it
depends on momentum. It needs to you
need to see something happen and then of
course it's all sorts of things macro.
You said that there's all sorts of
basium probabilities you calculate.
&gt;&gt; The short answer is it's ready to run to
490 in no time at any point just for
fun. Number two, is it ready to run
beyond all-time highs? And the answer is
not now, but it could happen at any
point in time from here on now,
tomorrow. And that's why we have to
watch very closely. And it will happen
once we see that critical mass, which is
very low, the critical mass, we're
talking 50
&gt;&gt; and the slope, the combination of two.
And you know uh I was talking to Larry
and Alexandra and they both came to
basically agreement now in their
conclusions and they've studied this at
depth which is SpaceX when SpaceX IPOs
and in the show we just did yesterday we
showed that SpaceX already is uh doing
their road show and they're on track for
a June IPO. June like we're talking two
months from now.
&gt;&gt; I mean that's crazy. And according to
Larry and Alexander, not that they know
anything, but they're saying that from
all the dots that they put together and
SpaceX will actually announce that they
will acquire Tesla within weeks. Weeks
and then they're going to be included
into the NASDAQ within weeks. 15 days is
the potential time.
So what would H do if as soon as they
announce the SpaceX announces that
they're going to partner with Tesla, the
stocks will rise and fall in lock step
with each other.
And if SpaceX really does go at 1.75
trillion and according to Larry, he
thinks it's going to be a merger of
equals.
So Tesla stock just that alone could go
up because of this. So I don't know.
It's all speculation.
&gt;&gt; Easily conceivable to get 1.7 trillion.
That's like what 10 20%
more from here something. Yeah, it's
alltime highs. So yeah, I mean that's
conceivable. It's more the question.
So that's what I mean like you know the
murder is just another aspect. I think
490
&gt;&gt; is kind of inevitable short term which
is very good to know. So
&gt;&gt; yes, I like the way you position it
right which is it's low relative to its
all-time high. Yet of course the company
has achieved so much since it hit its
all-time high last year. Uh and
&gt;&gt; the market and the market is also
&gt;&gt; and the market is now coming back to
become more bullish and more uh money
flowing for story stocks like Tesla. But
the one of the stories is becoming real.
Love it. Thank you for always uh being
very very clear about your answers. You
don't dodge them and you have some very
clear thinking. People like that about
you Joe. Appreciate you. Check out
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.