Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Everyone Expected Millions of Robotaxis By Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbznMpA6lA8
Published:   2026-06-27 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-27 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think the percentage likelihood of the
of there being robo taxi service in
those cities is very very high like like
80 to 90%. The the the the little twist
with this whole thing is what percentage
will not have human monitors in the car.
That is a whole different ballgame. I
think in many cities in Texas we won't
see that. Probably in the Bay Area we'll
see cyber cabs. I don't know about any
other cities aside from that. That may
be too ambitious. And that means that
Tesla could have a whole crap ton of
cyber caps lying around because they're
making them. So, they got to put them
somewhere. It has been a year since we
first saw a robo taxi rolling around the
streets with a safety hitchhiker. Yeah,
just sits there along for the ride, uses
their thumb. What else can you call it?
And now we've got some questions. Where
on earth are all the robo taxis? I
thought there would be 115 cajillion
somewhere between that and maybe teen at
least. But they're not really out. Not
in the kind of numbers we expect. And
I'd like to know why, which is why I've
invited Dr. Knowitall to come and share
some wisdom uh from his perspective.
He's made a recent video about Cyber Cab
being on the verge of going wide. We're
going to talk root taxi. We're going to
talk CyberC. We're going to give a
review of what has happened in the last
year that we know for sure. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza,
&gt;&gt; John. So good to have you back.
&gt;&gt; Hey, it's good to be with you. Yeah, for
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if y'all folks
know, but John is closing in on a
100,000. He has picked up almost a
thousand since last week. This is
&gt;&gt; I know. Thank you. It's the Brian It's
the Brian White effect. The Futurazza
effect.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the Futurazza bump. And if you're
one of those who don't like YouTube as
much, uh, you could also follow him on
X, though I'm curious how you found this
video, if not on YouTube. But either way
works. Look at that. 68,000 followers.
Very, very impressive. Good stuff. So,
let's talk real quick about uh the robo
taxi service. One year in review. This
is on not a Tesla app. One of my
favorite sites. They keep it neutral.
They keep it fact-based, and I
appreciate that. one year ago. Uh this
was right this was days after the
Michigan summer meetup. Uh you were
there and uh then robo taxi rolled out.
Josh West drove straight through to get
there to be there as quick as he could.
Easier when you have a plaid and an
endless uh affinity for Monster Energy
drinks. It operated under a very strict
invite only protocol. He does unless you
received a golden ticket. Uh you
couldn't even download the app. Uh, but
you could get a ride from someone else.
You could just ask around. Someone would
get you in. Unless you're from
Bloomberg, in which case, I'm busy. I'm
busy that day.
&gt;&gt; During those initial weeks, the system,
I think it was Business Insider would go
up to people and say, "Can I have a
ride?" And they go,
&gt;&gt; "Right,
&gt;&gt; no. No, because I know what you're going
to do." Uh, pricing during the first
month, $420, then 6.90. Uh, it has now
gone up to $3 for the drop and a buck
50. Buck 40 a mile, which is more than I
was hoping for. That would make it not a
good airport commuter for me. At 50
miles each way, you're at 140 bucks.
146.
&gt;&gt; That's That's too much for me. But we're
in very, very early days. September
brought two massive structural
milestones. Software stack moved beyond
basic city streets and access to
highways. And along that Tesla dropped
the official robo taxi app on the store.
Anyone could download it. Then they got
rid of the safety drivers. That's great.
Uh let's see. Confidence uh allowed them
to expand the coverage area
substantially. And uh then we saw the
safety record. Oh my gosh. 17 crashes.
Wait, half of them are touching the tire
against a curb with no damage. This is
not something I would report to the
police myself. Uh but uh and now of
course the one of the bigger
announcements was that the Android apply
came out. So I know Elon had said at the
shareholder meeting that we're going to
have uh you know half the US covered in
like a month and a half and even at the
time I looked around at other people and
I was kind of shaking my head like
really that's not happening. It's a bit
ambitious and it didn't happen. And then
of course the haters flood the comments
and say, "Brian, you told us." And I go,
"May I see where I told you that? May I
see?"
&gt;&gt; Because I did not.
&gt;&gt; Don't shoot the messenger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and I expressed healthy
skepticism immediately as I do. So, what
where are we at and what's taken so
long?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we can let's dial it back
because I did not drive through the
night, but I took an airplane on my
wife's birthday. It was the 22nd of of
June and she very kindly allowed me to
fly from um from Moskegan direct to
Austin and um actually go and experience
it because I had the golden ticket. So I
was actually able to go. Now the cool
part was I didn't have any Bloomberg um
reporters on board. But basically every
time I got a ride I just invited
somebody including a a completely random
person who had never even been in a
Tesla before. and his experience was
amazing. So, uh, you know, it was very
very cool. Um, but certainly extremely
limited that first, you know, the first
roll out. There was there was very few
vehicles. They had the monitor in the
passenger seat. Um, I I did uh John
Stringer, the Tesla owner Silicon
Valley, he and I, he had a Whimo um app
at the time. I didn't. And so I got to
do a robo taxi that dropped us off where
the Whimo was. And so we literally did
robo taxi, Whimo back toback. And it was
a very cool experience. It was very
interesting to feel the difference
between the two of them and and sorry if
I'm just going back too long, but I want
to give you my like personal firsthand
experience from this when it first came
out. So on day one, so this is this is a
long time ago. This is a year ago
software at this point. The Whimo the
better part of the experience for that
was literally that there was no person
in the car. I was like, "Okay, I feel
more comfortable. Do you just feel weird
because there's a dude sitting there not
talking to you in the front of the car?"
So you know, you're like, "Uh." So
anyway, um that was the better part of
the Whimo. The better part of the robo
taxi was it even on day one, it felt
like a human being driving. Um the
Whimo, I've done a few more rides since
then. It just feels slightly robotic.
There's these weird little like the way
it starts and stops and turns and
everything. It's just like, oh, a
robot's driving this, right? You can
kind of feel the difference. Whereas,
and of course, that's just the way it
is. It's it's heristic code. It was
built that way. It is a robot driving
the car. Whereas, um with a Tesla, with
the robo taxi or with full self-driving,
it's trained on us. you and me and and a
lot of other people and so it drives
like a human being and you could really
feel that even on day one. Now, how fast
has the roll out gone? I think this is
always what happens with Tesla. It's
always slower than we think. We had just
had a conversation about the semi on my
channel, so definitely go watch that.
But we were talking about how the semi
was introduced in 2017 and everyone was
like, "Yeah, year two, three, something
like that." and it's only now almost a
decade later really starting to roll out
in numbers. So we're seeing the same
effect happen with the robo taxi which
is that it has taken a while um to get
really going and the thing with uh
Google's approach with Whimo's approach
is that they are they've announced we
are working on our neural net code.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; How far behind are you? And I know that
Whimo has substantial compute capacity,
but it's kind of tied up at the moment
doing all the other things Google does.
Are they really going to uh deprecate
services elsewhere to allow this much
training to take place? Maybe it's
possible. But they also they also have
the innovators dilemma which is that
they built a service that works with
their heristic code the old code and now
you have to get your neural network as
good as or better than that and that is
a that's always a tough cell. Sometimes
the first person to market is not the
winner because they have that
innovator's dilemma. They're like well
crap we have a product that's selling
well now. Do we kill the baby? You know
do we do we just go all in on neural
networks or do we just keep hedging our
bets and hedging our bets? Well, I think
they have the luxury of being able to
continue going with the current code,
the existing code, while they finish the
neural net, but we know how long it took
Tesla to get the neural net from where
it was when it first launched to where
it is today. And that's substantial. Uh
what are the obstacles? Why aren't we
seeing it? I've uh I got some push back.
I was on a show with Will from Tesla
Jigsaw when I said regulatory approval
is not the bottleneck and a comment,
"How dare you say it? Clearly that is.
There are whole states that don't
approve it." I go, "Right, but there's
whole states that do. Why isn't it in
every city in Texas, every major city?
It will be soon. It's not today. It's
not because they can't manufacture them
quick enough. They can. It's something
else."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think the regulatory thing
that's that's no it's not that because
because Tesla was able to declare
themselves level four autonomous in
Texas because they changed the law
recently you know month or six weeks ago
anyway so so Tesla has now declared
themselves capable of driving and
according to the regulators that means
that they are capable of driving
themselves which means that it should be
in luck and Austin and San Antonio and
you name it all all the all the big
cities Brownsville I mean Brownsville
Amarillo. Amarillo. Sure. Right. So, it
should be everywhere. And certainly in
Dallas, Houston, and Austin where it is
now,
&gt;&gt; there should be tons of them if that was
the case. Right. So, it's clearly not
that. We've got parking lots full of the
little um Oscar trophies or cyber cabs.
I don't I just cannot think of anything
else but but but an Oscar when I see
those cyber cabs because the gold is
just like woo. Um, but you know, but
parking lots are filling up with those
things and they're not out on the
streets yet for commercial purposes.
They're testing clearly. So, something
else is
&gt;&gt; is the option.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Because the real Again, the premise of
this video is, "Dude, where's my uh robo
taxi?" When they get out, do you think
the pricing is going to be $3 for the
drop and a buck 40 a mile? Is that too
high? Is it too low? Why is it even that
high today? Is it because they're using
Model Y's instead of cyber caps?
&gt;&gt; I have a feeling that they have the
price high specifically to keep the
demand low. That that's my opinion. I
think that they are trying to play the
market. They don't want to undercut the
Let's just say that they charge 15 cents
because they could do so. Like they
could lose money on this. They don't
care. Sure. It's not like it costs,
right? So they could charge 15 cents a
mile and there would be incredible
demand and they don't want that because
they don't have enough cars. people
would be waiting an hour for their robo
taxi. They So, so my prediction is
that let's say the cyber cabs come
online. Um, do you know what the fleet
size in is in Austin in particular?
&gt;&gt; No. 69 last I heard.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's less than a hundred.
So, let's just say that suddenly we went
from
&gt;&gt; I'm just just throwing out numbers here,
but let's say we went from on the order
of 100 to on the order of 500 vehicles.
Well, in that case, I would definitely
see Tesla dropping the price some
because now they want to goose demand.
So, I think that they're using the price
very specifically to have the wait time
not be longer than, let's say, 10
minutes. That's what they're trying to
do. And so, they're just moving it up
and down to adjust for that. That makes
a lot of sense really because if you
look at the cost of operation, it's not
a I mean the fact that Cyber Cab uses
half the juice of a Model Y is not that
much when you consider uh a mile uh is
already pennies. Uh so it's that's not
the factor, but I can see your point.
Worth noting Whimo also loses money on
every drive. Just it's just they do it
while charging three times as much. I'm
yeah concerned for that business model.
&gt;&gt; Well, we still have to wait and see
assuming that this goes and we were just
talking about how it's taken we're like
a year into this and I thought 80% of
the country was supposed to have access
to robo taxis now and the cyber cab
would be on the roads by now. They are
not. But let's just say by next year we
actually do have that. So in 2027 the
two of us have our conversation and and
there are thousands of these cyber cabs
out there. There's thousands of Model
Y's out there that are doing the whole
robo taxi thing. I think at that point
Whimo starts looking really really long
in the tooth. They're going to have
issues. They're they're not going to be
able to be competitive because unless
Google just doesn't care about how much
money they lose. I guess that is the
option. They could just be like, "Fine,
we'll just keep dumping money in this
and you lower prices to match Teslas."
But I don't even think they've done that
at this point, right? They they're kind
of like, "We're charging what we charge
and we don't."
&gt;&gt; Yes, we charge about what Uber Black
charges, but we don't expect a tip. Uh
that makes them reasonably competitive.
If you're paying a tip on your Uber,
which you should,
&gt;&gt; it's going to be comparable to a Whimo.
Uh unless you're real stingy. Uh, but
the problem they have in terms of
scaling is if Whimo has 5,000 cars on
the road and Tesla has 5,000 cars on the
road, one of them's going to be making
money and the other's going to be
bleeding. And when you start with a car
or any car, I know the IPACE was a
controversial decision. They did that
because uh Magna manufactured the IPACE
and Magna also did the upfit. That makes
sense. except that they did the two
procedures in different continents.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't make sense.
&gt;&gt; The the real issue is that no matter
what vehicle you choose, that sensor
suite is complicated, juicethirsty,
and uh and has a lot of parts, including
moving parts that can break. Uh it's
expensive, it's fiddly. So, you're going
&gt;&gt; maintenance expensive and and it means
that's something that I don't think we
talk about enough. Can I just pause on
that?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Let us talk about total cost
of not ownership but operations. So a
different kind of TCO if you are a fleet
owner either Whimo or Tesla or
eventually Brian's awesome robo taxi
fleet whatever it doesn't matter.
&gt;&gt; You care about uptime.
&gt;&gt; Barf. You call my company Barf.
&gt;&gt; Barf.
&gt;&gt; Brian's awesome robo taxi fleet. Very
subtle doc.
&gt;&gt; Hey I was just making a space balls
reference. That's all. That's all we're
doing. So, but if you have that, if
you're a fleet owner, the cost of the
vehicle matters, but every second that
it's not on the road really matters a
lot, assuming that you've got demand
going on. So, anytime that you're
charging the car, which means how
thirsty is your car, how long can it go
before it needs a charge, how fast does
it charge? Because the IPACE does not
charge very fast compared to a Tesla,
and then how much time is required for
maintenance. Um whereas you know a Tesla
I I don't I don't know about your car
but I kind of don't need to do
maintenance on it. Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Needs windshield washer filled up and
tires replaced once in a while but
that's kind of it.
&gt;&gt; And let's let's address those real
quick. They put in an oversized washer
reservoir
&gt;&gt; so that it's not an issue. And they put
on oversized tires which get more miles
per per single use. Yeah. Yeah. So,
they've addressed it
&gt;&gt; and and also they're not us crazy humans
that like to accelerate fast sometimes
for fun.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So, the car can go nice
and slow. So, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh JC, I think said he's at 70,000 miles
on tires. No.
&gt;&gt; And he's still at 930 seconds.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Because he just because he's an
Uber driver and I drive gingerly all the
time. I'm at 30,000 on one and 20,000 on
the other and the tires look like
they're new because I didn't buy
acceleration boost. Uh, and I don't
drive that.
&gt;&gt; I I'm a little different.
&gt;&gt; My tires My tires kind of go through at
30,000 miles. I'm like, that's about as
far as I can get.
&gt;&gt; But let's talk about the maintenance
beyond the windshield wipers, the tires,
and the reservoir of a washer fluid. The
panels can just be replaced. You just
replace the panels. You don't need to
take it to a body shop. don't have
lidar. You don't have the little spinny
things, right? Those are going to have
to be replaced. So, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, all the pieces on the inside. You
don't have rear window uh actuators. You
don't have any of that stuff. The whole
second row is is mostly not used, but
you still have to warranty it. It still
has to be working. Cars are designed
these days, I would argue, to last
150,000 miles.
&gt;&gt; The Cyber Cab isn't. It's designed for
500,000 mi, which means and because
Tesla is keeping it for themselves to a
large degree, you know, it's actually
designed to last 500,000 because they
don't want to deal with the repairs, the
maintenance, the fixes either. So, in
conclusion, we got to conclude this,
John. The question is, where are we
going to be in a year? Are we getting
robo taxi in two weeks?
Yeah,
Elon's two weeks. Definitely. We're
definitely getting in Elon's two weeks.
I would say that I saw it was on the
order of 30 cities that they've been
started to hire like the the people, the
monitors, uh including Atlanta. Yay. So,
very happy about that. Yeah, I know. So,
um, but anyway, I would expect that
within a year, we should have those
cities, the the the biggest cities in
the US should be covered. Maybe
excepting New York. I don't know what
the situation is there. That's that's
its own beast. That's a crazy place, but
it seems like the the the Teslas are
driving perfectly well there. So,
anyway, but let's just say that we have
the major the top 30 plus cities in the
US covered by that. Maybe a couple of
cities in Canada to add to that. We'll
see. Um, and we better see a bunch of
cyber cabs. The cyber cabs had better be
Well, that's an interesting question.
They can't be the first rollouts, right?
I think that you have to have the Model
Y because you're going to need somebody
in the car who can take over, which
means you need the extra seats,
&gt;&gt; but if it works in one state, it will
work in all states.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think that I
think that we'll see that pending
regulatory approval. There will probably
be a state or two that'll be like,
"Nope, you can't do this." But, but
aside from that, I think we'll be there.
I think maybe what we'll see is we'll
see a migration. So we will see let's
say that there's a couple thousand Model
Y's and they can replace most of those
in Texas because Texas is is all going
swimmingly. They're using the cyber cab.
They will migrate those to Miami or to
Atlanta or to Chicago or wherever they
need to go. They'll they'll kind of
migrate those around along with the
human beings um to go to the places
where they need to do the initial work
before they're allowed to turn the cyber
cap loose. Uh because the cyber cab even
even if you put a steering wheel and a
pedal in there, you could only take one
passenger at that point because you'd
have to have the monitor sitting in the
car as well. So
&gt;&gt; no one wants to do that elbowto elbow
with a stranger. It's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I I think that's where we're going to
head.
&gt;&gt; So if we're saying that the target is 30
cities by next summer, uh what odds are
you given it? What percentage likelihood
do you think? I think the percentage
likelihood of the of there being robo
taxi service in those cities is very
very high like like 80 to 90%. The the
the the little twist with this whole
thing is what percentage will not have
human monitors in the car. That is a
whole different ballgame. I think in
many cities in Texas we won't see that.
Probably in the Bay Area we'll see cyber
cabs. I don't know about any other
cities aside from that. um that may be
too ambitious. And that means that Tesla
could have a whole crap ton of cyber
caps lying around because they're making
them. So, they got to put them
somewhere.
&gt;&gt; So, here's my crazy prediction for 10
years from now.
&gt;&gt; 10 years. Oh, come on. You may wait till
you hear it. Wait till you hear it. In
10 years, you will never see a car
hauler full of cyber cabs
&gt;&gt; because they won't ship them. What they
will do is
&gt;&gt; they will they'll just drive them and
they won't drive them the whole
distance. They'll just move them one
city at a time as needed. We're
expanding to that city. Just drive them
from the nearest city and replenish. And
it can be one or two a night. It could
be all 30 or 100 at night. Just in the
overnight, juice up, head over. Now
you're deployed in that city.
&gt;&gt; So, you know what that means?
&gt;&gt; That means that you guys in the Seattle
area are going to get older, crappier
cyber crabs. The folks in the folks in
Austin will get the new ones and they'll
get older and older as they go.
&gt;&gt; That that'll only work if you can do
aortioned license plates like they do on
trucks. I don't know if that's possible,
&gt;&gt; but uh but U-Hauls are all tagged out of
Arizona for some reason.
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know. It's strange.
&gt;&gt; So guys,
&gt;&gt; interesting.
&gt;&gt; So guys, uh huge thanks to John for
coming, hanging out. His links are in
the description. What did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of
you, everybody else, like, subscribe, do
what you do. And if you have FSD
questions, join me July 2nd, 3rd, and
4th at uh uh the Go Forth Festival in
Long View, Washington. July 2nd, and
3rd. David Moss will be in the booth
with me helping out information. You got
FSD guru questions? We got an FSD guru.
You're coming out ahead. Everybody else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots. July
2nd, 3rd, and 4th.