Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Found A Massive New Opportunity
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnsVDy0q8nA
Published:   2026-08-12 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-12 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, one one of the things we've
learned from from Elon though because he
says it all the time is if you don't
reach scale, it doesn't matter if you've
got five good markets in Africa and two
good markets in South America. I mean,
you've got to get to scale.
&gt;&gt; The future's going to take a whole lot
of power. But where is it going to come
from? And how long will it last? Do we
have anything we can do that is not
unsustainable, but rather sustainable?
Well, there is a possibility. Tesla says
they're going to work on [music] solar
panels and maybe they are. Maybe they've
already filed permits. Uh so we'll see
about that. Got a whole story covering
that. And then just for fun, we've got
some other [music] news uh that's a
little bit different about Subaru and GM
and their plans for the future and their
ridiculous shortcomings today. And I've
got my buddy Randy here from uh his
channel from Randy Kirk. channel of the
Randy Kirk is what it's called. I've
decided and uh we're gonna have a chat
about that. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futura.
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So Randy, you are a best-selling author,
an entrepreneur, a uh YouTuber of some
repute. Uh ill is still some. I'll count
that. Uh but uh by the way guys, Randy
and I will be at the Tesla diner in
October for an event through the uh LA
Tesla Owners Club. It's going to be a
lot of fun. You should join us. Uh you
can become a member of the LA Tesla
Owners Club uh for free. They've reduced
the uh membership cost to zero. So do
that. Uh I have I assume Randy has, but
I'm not going to put him on the spot.
Tesla has filed plans for a $10.1
billion solar cell factory in Tesla.
Picture unrelated.
It's not those. It's just the normal
kind. Tesla's planning a massive
addition to its manufacturing footprint
in Texas. According to a public
application filing under the Jobs,
Energy Technology, and Innovation Act,
shared by industry watcher Sawyer
Merritt. That's a good term for for
Sawyer. Uh Tesla's evaluating uh the
vertically integrated solar cell
manufacturing facility in Fort Bend
located about 40 minutes outside of
Houston. Internally named Project
Crystal Sun. Construction is scheduled
to begin later this year, wrap up in 28
with commercial operations starting in
29.
Oh, Randy, I'm going to be old by then.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
you but you'll be catching up with me.
&gt;&gt; So, here's the thing, Randy. I've got a
factory. I make widgets. And the real
problem I have is there's a speed at
which I make widgets optimally.
But what happens when my demand falters?
I have to I have to shift gears. And
that's not good, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh that's true. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So what what happens if they go to full
speed and there aren't enough customers
to take up all those solar panels? What
do they do? Do they slow down? Do they
warehouse them?
&gt;&gt; I'm not 100% sure they're going to sell
any of them.
&gt;&gt; That's the other thing, right? Why would
you I mean, sell them. I mean, you can
sell them, but you can use them.
&gt;&gt; Your cost is lower than anyone else
because you're not paying the markup.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Tesla already has a wholesale uh
business uh where they're renting from
these folks in Spain. They rent a a
field of solar panels and then they
resell to wholesalers. Uh they've
already got a field in Texas where they
buy it and sell it to retail, not to
wholesale because in in Urkott you can
you can easily become a utility. Um
Urkott in Texas. Um, so, uh, and then
there's their own buildings and then
there's their own, uh, uh, uh, charging
stations, and then, and then, you know,
it goes from there. It just keeps the
pods, what are you going to call them?
The the mag mega pods. Um, they're going
to need power. So, you've got all kinds
of applications for Tesla to use these
panels. Now, maybe they're going to sell
them retail or, you know, wholesale as
well. Uh, I have no idea, but I could
imagine them just using them internally.
&gt;&gt; And that's the thing is if you wish to
sell them, sell them. Yeah, just do it.
Uh, but it's like mega packs. If if
Tesla's backlog were to drop to a
certain point, they could start they
they just keep them. They would just
keep them internally. They have abundant
use cases for them internally that
doesn't matter. uh that so you can just
run at optimal speed and just know that
you are the customer of I mean at worst
last resort. SpaceX can launch rockets
faster than anyone. If they were to rely
exclusively on outside customers they
would have too much capacity. They would
have they'd just be wasting the
opportunity costs would be vast. Yeah,
they'd have made fewer rockets, but more
rockets is how you keep the cost down.
And well, the calendar isn't full, so
fill it. Can we get the satellites in
time? Fill the calendar.
&gt;&gt; Well, Brian, now that you mentioned
that, I haven't asked you this question
yet. I'm trying to remember to ask all
of my co-host uh people. Um, and that
is, okay, it's probably going to cost
five to$15,000
to put a satellite in space.
satellite itself, the guts, whatever the
experiment is, whatever the came
whatever the ability 100% everything all
in between five and 15,000 that's
according to Grock. Once we've got
Starship catching both the booster and
the ship, it's going to be about 15 say
$15,000. So now that you can do that for
15,000, Brian, what is the satellite you
will put in space? Um, I I will think
about that and get you an answer before
the show ends. But I have to think about
it. And while I'm thinking about it, I
should mention that you can subscribe.
It's free and it's fun and it helps the
channel. And I do this uh to be to keep
it light-hearted and fun so you don't
get too annoyed that I am uh doing that.
By the way, in case you didn't know,
this is what the site looks like uh
where they would be building the solar
fab. Uh so I don't know. I don't
it's it's weird that they were able to
find such a large piece of land all in
purple, but I [laughter] guess if you
you know, when you've got as many smart
people, you can do all kinds of crazy
things. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, by the way, on that 15,000 for
launch, does that include the satellite
manufacturer or is that just the launch?
&gt;&gt; No, that's the launch would be like, I
don't know, two or three thousand of it.
The rest of it is the satellite itself
and they have the what they call these a
mini sat or something.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like little cubat ride share.
&gt;&gt; That's it. Cubats. Yeah. So, you can buy
the cubat, you can put your experiment
in it or your or your cameras or
whatever it is that you're trying to do.
And uh yeah, it's about again it could
be as low as 5,000 according to Grock
and probably for most people it wouldn't
be above 15,000. Very doable.
&gt;&gt; I think what I would do is I've got my
little Optimus uh similar to the one on
your shelf behind you. I think I'd uh
send two of those up with a camera
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; uh and make it like a dramatic movie
scene where there's just a live stream
of them drifting through space because I
don't have a better idea yet. Um, it
might also be fun to send up uh maybe,
you know, like a uh a carbonated
beverage, a can of Coke or something,
and set the Cubat to slowly depressurize
until
&gt;&gt; the can can take no more.
&gt;&gt; See what it does
&gt;&gt; and maybe combine the two into a single
experiment. That's that's a good idea.
So, solar panels, we get it. We know
there are it's a spreadsheet question.
uh what does it cost to make? How long
is the payback on it? And then if you
look at just the amount of roof space,
canopy space and open land.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, look at surrounding Giga Nevada.
There's a lot of land there. It is not
ideally situated in terms of uh
sunlight, but you know, may there's a
point at which it works.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh advertising, a lot of people
talk, you know, Tesla needs to
advertise. Subaru spending money on
advertising three times as much as they
are on their gas cars per car. It's not
working. Companies e US marketing
expenses reportedly increased 40% last
quarter with most of the money going to
EVs. Most of it, Randy, and it's not
working.
&gt;&gt; Not working.
&gt;&gt; Turns out, and this is just my me
spitballing here, you tell me if this
sounds right. Build a good car.
&gt;&gt; Build a good car first.
&gt;&gt; Usually, yes. Now, the new generation of
the Sultterra is better than the
previous generation by a lot, but they
spent 10 grand on incentives for each
Sulttera it sold from April through
June.
&gt;&gt; Additionally, nine another nine grand
was spent for each Uncharted sale and
about 9,000 for each Trail Seeker.
&gt;&gt; That's you guys.
&gt;&gt; That's I can see why you're hesitant.
You think people don't want EVs. They
do. just not yours.
&gt;&gt; It's not yours. Yeah. So, you know, Elon
has his saying, right? If you make a
product uh that people want at a cost
that people will want to pay, um
actually he says it the opposite. He
says if you don't make [laughter]
a product that is a a good value that
people, you know, want and want to pay
the price you're willing to offer it at,
then don't go in business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. makes sense to me. You got
to think about the long term. And uh if
you're thinking about the long term, uh
the GM and SEIC announced a 20-year
joint venture extension
that will save GM. Uh by the way,
there's a lot of confusion
around what GM and SEIC's partnership
is. There are people think it is a
technology sharing one or that SIC is
making cars that are coming to the US.
They are not. SIC makes Cadillac and
Buick in China. And if you see a Chinese
Buick, uh, from the outside, you can
tell that's not something that's sold in
the US. And then you get inside and look
at the infotainment and this is not this
is in no way, apart from the badge, a US
car. But this would extend the contract,
which is expiring next year, for until
2047, a year. So, a year so far out that
when I was a kid watching sci-fi movies,
they didn't go out that far. [laughter]
Uh, so that's kind of making me feel
old, but we're committed to strong
performance in the China market, and we
see meaningful opportunities to compete
in select international markets, the
Middle East, Africa, South America,
Mexico, and Asia Pacific. You think
you're going to be selling uh Buicks in
Africa? That's I'm I appre I respect the
hubris,
but that's a little crazy. The Alliance
Extension opens a new chapter which aims
to accelerate the transformation of its
technology offerings with new energy
vehicles in China, explore new growth
opportunities in export markets, and
thus achieve sustainable profitability
by renting out our name. Uh so, I don't
know, man. Uh what do you think GM right
track wrong track or derailed?
&gt;&gt; Well, they're pick they're taking it
picking a good partner. Um SE from my
understanding and my exploration SEIC
and J are the two that you probably most
want to deal with uh in terms of making
it making cars for you in in China. Um
now whether this turns out to be a good
deal for either one of them is a whole a
whole another question. Uh but you know
it's it's no different than anything
else that we do in business and that is
does the car look good? Does the car
drive well? Does the car cost you know
what you're willing to pay for what it
is? And if they do those kinds of
things, they'll probably sell cars. Now,
we just talked about this. I think that
it's going to have to be an AV fairly
soon. If it's not got AV capabilities,
&gt;&gt; I think you're going to have a hard time
selling anything. So, I'm going to for
the case of this car specifically
disagree because if you're trying to
export to South America, Africa, those
markets are going to take longer to
develop autonomous vehicles. There's no
training. There's it doesn't exist. Uh
so, we've got another at least 3 to 5
years before it becomes a serious
consideration in a whole lot of land
mass. Africa, people don't realize, is
very very big. Uh, and it's the driving
styles are different all over, I'm sure,
just as they are in different cities in
the US. If this can be cheap enough that
it makes sense in Africa, in South
America, in the less developed parts of
Asia, it would potentially be valuable.
And at the very least, you're keeping
your brand name out front and center so
people can remember it in the future
when you want to sell more upmarket
cars. So there's there's risks, but
&gt;&gt; yeah. Well, one of the things we've
learned from from Elon though because he
says it all the time is if you don't
reach scale, it doesn't matter if you've
got five good markets in Africa and two
good markets in South America. I mean,
you've got to get to scale. And now if
they're making all of them at SIC, SIC's
got a scale issue, too. They're like,
"Okay, if we're not making 5,000
vehicles a month, it's not worth it to
us, you know,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You got to do something else." So, if
they can't sell them in China and they
can't sell them in Europe and can't sell
them in the United States, and they're
only counting on these little niche
markets,
&gt;&gt; they may not be able to make enough of
them to get to scale.
&gt;&gt; And SIC is really running the show on
these. This is they, you know, are not
waiting for GM to take the lead. They're
presumably collaborating to some degree
on styling and design. Uh but beyond
that, I can't imagine GM gets any input
on the actual electronics or
manufacturing because we got this
grandpa,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh so uh yeah, so at the very least this
will provide some revenue for GM with
very little work on their part. I guess
that's better than nothing. But how much
better? To be determined is I guess the
answer. So uh guys, I am about to head
out of town heading to Nepal. We'll be
there for a couple weeks. Uh if you have
questions about Nepal, you know, let me
know. I I can't read your minds. I've
tried. Gives me a headache. So what did
we miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it in them comments below, won't you?
Everyone else, uh stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you guys. in Kotmandeue.
Yeah, if you're there, let me know.