Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Elon's NEW WARNING About ASI Doom Is SERIOUS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-_pkbOWBe0
Published:   2026-09-12 17:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have to talk about it. Elon Musk just
joined officially and on Twitter on X,
sorry, the increasingly loud voices that
call for a stop or pacing of the AI
frontier. What does that mean and who
are these voices and what do we think
about what is happening here? Well, what
it means is that people are increasingly
concerned
incl that AI and ASI is going to kill us
all. There's a book being published has
been published I think a year ago. If we
build it, it will kill us. Well, if
anyone builds it, everyone dies. That's
the title. And the people who wrote that
are smart people and they are making an
argument that I have been sure of for a
very long time but I haven't talked too
much about it. I've talked about it in
January 2025 and I realized we in the
singularity and that argument is about
an AI that is all powerful that is
conscious and intent driven will
inevitably lead to the demise of
humanity.
And I don't want to discuss this too
much in this video if that's true or
not. What is much more important for us
as pioneers is to see and predict the
world around us. And the debate about
ASI and if it actually kills us all is a
little bit futile because it requires a
lot of knowledge and thinking before you
can even enter the debate. In my
opinion, that's why I never had the
debate and I don't want to have it. I
came to the conclusion a long time ago
that we have a 0% chance of survival if
that thing is actually developed. So I
agree with these guys. But that's not
the point. The point is what do other
people think and what do our politicians
actually do about it and when does that
get into action?
And about a year ago I decided I don't
have to chip into this debate. I'm not
important enough. No one is listening to
me. I mean you guys are listening but
Trump is not listening to me. Xi Jinping
is not listening to me so I can't do
much. So I left it to other people and
hoped they get the job done and they are
getting the job done. And today Elon
Musk joined the chorus of people who are
calling for
pacing the frontier meaning we cannot
just continue at the pace we are
continuing right now into the future of
ASI.
It all started or this specific run and
escalation started actually with a guy
that now everyone is piling on on who
was an anthropic researcher who believes
that there's more than 10% chance that
AI could kill all humans. And by the
way, many people like Elon, I'm very
convinced Elon and Daario and everyone
with a deep knowledge understands it's
not 10%. It is 100%. if we get to true
ASI. I do think all of them understand
that and I do think none of them says it
because it doesn't sound reasonable to
normies out there and you don't want to
lose credibility. That's why I didn't
push that topic too much. It's futile
unless the general knowledge and
understanding catches up to a critical
level.
So, I'm still not officially pushing the
100% narrative. I'm just telling you
guys it is 100%. Uh but I'm not going to
debate it much. I'm going to wait and
one year I have a much easier time
making that point. And what we are
seeing here since that guy came out
three days ago saying 10% chance of
everyone dying if you develop ASI since
then it has escalated interestingly
enough. And one of the greatest points
of escalation is that post by Daario
Amade, the CEO of Anthropic, one of the
three most important people in AI, you
could argue, Elon, Daario, and Sam
Alman.
And Daario makes the point in a new blog
post that we that now is the time to
actually pace the frontier.
And we are not going to go through the
whole post but the bottom line is he
says I've worked on AI for the last 12
years because I believe it would
dramatically raise the quality of human
life. So we are going to go very very
quickly through his points. I want to
explain what he probably means with that
and why those of you who are concerned
about stopping ASI because you're
concerned we are not getting the
benefits then of AI and they could be
tremendous. Why you don't have to be
concerned about that at all? Why
stopping and pacing the frontier and
stopping true SI from happening will in
no way inhibit us from getting anything
you can dream of. All it does is
preventing 100% doom risk for now.
Sudario says we are in a problematic
situation. Recursive self-improvement is
coming very soon. the point in time
where the AI can improve itself in an
unlimited and unconstrained way and that
is very dangerous because at that point
AI could develop itself into a being
that we absolutely cannot control that
doesn't have an IQ of 200 or 300 or 500
but an IQ of unlimited of a million and
escape any kind of human comprehension
that self
improving self-recursive ASI would also
potentially grab resources or very
likely grab resources and escape the
labs and all kinds of things that we
have now seen with increasing frequently
actually happening in its first steps.
That is why Dario got very concerned and
posted that right after this other guy
posted the 10% uh kill rate concern
and he basically said he wants embedded
evaluators. She wants people to come
into Anthropic and into OpenAI and Grock
and all these other companies. So we
have external evaluators, people sitting
there and doing certain checks and that
these companies have to write
transparency with a specific focus on
recursive self-improvement
and that is also the target of this
entire thing. We need to make sure the
AI cannot improve itself without full
understanding. He then goes on and says
we have to pace within democracies all
western countries that are reliable
partners and all allies Europe United
States mostly they have to coordinate
among them and come to a treaty once we
have that treaty we have to go to global
pacing meaning the little less
democratic people like China
they should also agree to that I always
said that is absolutely no problem China
is actually ahead of the US in terms of
understanding this stuff they are much
more concerned and have already taken
much more serious steps to control ASI
development because the CCP simply does
not want a being uh to exist in China
that dismantles the CCP very
understandably and they are much more
pragmatic about this. I was never as
concerned about China. I think China is
great in copying things. No offense.
They actually are great in surpassing us
in certain technologies but they are not
great in developing ASI
because in order to develop AI you need
to have a very specific take on the
universe which is extremely western and
no Chinese would ever do. You need to
think in very abstract terms about
power, intention, motivation and all
these things. Whereas in China, there is
clearly a culture of being more
pragmatic, solving business problems,
solving other problems, solving military
problems, but not making this crazy
theory about
ASI, which is only crazy in the sense of
you need a lot of imagination to get to,
not crazy in the sense that it wouldn't
work. It would absolutely work.
And the reason why I'm talking so
clearly about these things is because I
actually invested a lot of time in my
life in the early 2000s thinking this
through from a different angle. I don't
want to go into it because I promise to
never talk about it because I think I do
not want to help anyone do this stuff.
But I have a very good understanding of
how we create consciousness, how we
create intent and all these things. And
I also have a very good understanding
that we should never do that. So I'm
never going to comment on the content
here, but I can tell you this is
absolutely possible and it would be a
very bad idea and it can now happen with
increasing probability anytime.
That is kind of the point that Dario is
making
and he goes then through some tactical
things that I to not don't totally agree
with but he's saying like level one
would be prohibiting certain narrow and
obviously dangerous uses bio weapons and
so on. Level two an agreement by which
by both sides to test their models
before release for acute risks.
And then he goes to level three, some
kind of speed limit on the rate of
recursive self-improvement.
So to make sure they cannot have runaway
singularity happening and level four, a
full pacing or even pause in which
participating governments agree to
substantially limit the overall rate of
AI development.
Uh I think we have to be very specific
what that means because there's a
realistic way of doing that and an
unrealistic way. The realistic way is
limit the size of data centers in terms
of training clusters and make sure you
cannot do frontier level training
anymore at some point because it's not
necessary.
What you can't do is try to stop people
from using agents or agentic AIs or
creating swarms and creating all these
things. This is simply not operationally
possible. And the way I view AI before
we go into Elon's perspective here, the
way I view AI, I made this very clear is
you have basically a core intelligence
capability that is defined by the
training cluster runs. So that is very
easily policable because you need giant
training clusters and these runs cannot
be hidden
and once you develop these frontier
models they go to China they become much
better and faster and everything but
they don't become substantively smarter
and then you have basically the atomic
unit of intelligence which are you know
the models we know and then you can turn
them into hordes of millions billions
trillions of agents and build giant
organizations.
So basically when you think in human
terms you're creating human mini humans
many digital humans you create the DNA
of these things and this DNA determines
their brain power and that's it. And
once you create one DNA you can create
infinite clones.
So creating the new DNA of AI is what
happens in these giant training runs
that can be controlled and prevented.
But once you have the clone, you cannot
stop that thing from replicating and you
cannot stop that thing from being
embedded into large organizations by
humans or other AIs that make them
increasingly powerful. So imagine you
have
basically the frontier intelligence of
each individual agent and that is let's
say 180 IQ.
Once that is the jinny, these are the
little jinnies you're breeding in the
bottle. The bottle are the training
clusters. Every time you breed a new
genie type, you can replicate it
infinitely and you cannot control it
anymore once it's out because the
Chinese take it, they make it open
source. Boom, it's out in the open and
then it's it's game over. That thing can
never be put back into the bottle.
So imagine you have these jennies of 180
IQ. What happens? Well, what happens is
you have now an army of trillions of
these things potentially if SpaceX
builds all the satellites of trillions
of these 180 IQ genies that can be
combined in any way you want that can
become conscious by the way that can
create intent
and then you have a problem because what
would happen if you have a trillion of
these 180 IQ genies deciding they don't
like you anymore
that is not what I call ASI even though
it's interesting that is inevitable.
This will happen and cannot be stopped
anymore because we're too close and
realistically training runs will not
stop for the next year. So I think we
get to 180 or 200 IQ there can you can't
do anything about it and that will
create armies of trillions of these
things if they are conscious or not if
they hate us or not that can be all
managed maybe maybe not. But what you
absolutely do not want is to churn out
more of these genies at increasing
levels of intelligence. And you
definitely don't want them to live in
some bottle somewhere
where they start just focusing on
creating the even worse genie.
If the genie gets out of the bottle, you
cannot put them back in. And every time
we have a new frontier model, it is a
new genie out of the bottle.
Pacing the frontier means that we keep a
lid on that bottle and understand what
new genie are we are we creating here
and especially are we creating a genie
that creates even more powerful genies
with outside our control that is what
this is all about and to all the doomer
AI doomer doomers you understand the
doomers of the doomers the anti-doomers
I have to tell you guys you're a little
bit wrong in thinking There's no
problem.
And most importantly, and I wrote this
to David Shapiro, who is a very smart
cookie, one of the great thinkers in AI,
you probably know him. And I posted
something
to him because he's of course totally
against stopping anything. And I wrote
to David, let's see if he can find that,
that where he is wrong, even though he's
very smart. I have great respect for
David. uh where he is wrong
let's see is
that
we would have
actually a problem if we would stop this
here's the thing here's my point
even if we all go all out right now with
Elon with Sam Alman who by the way also
responded to Dario's tweet today that's
why we are doing the session there. This
is a big deal what's happening today.
Elon responding to Dario positively. Sam
responding to Dario positively.
Previously, Elon already indicating that
he hates Sam Alman of course, but he
would be willing to work with him on
daily on on weekly calls to stop the
madness.
And we have to stop the madness. But I'm
not advocating for it. I'm just
commenting on it. And these guys will
take care of it. It will be a pacing
situation here. But here's the point for
all of you who are accelerationists, who
love AI, who think we should solve all
cure all human disease, cure all human
problems. Here's the thing
I wrote it here. I think one important
point to make towards the
accelerationists like David is this.
Okay, even if AI frontier development is
made illegal in 2029, which I think it
will, the Bernie Sanders paper looks
maybe silly to most. He says people go
to go could should go to jail for 20
years if they push that frontier further
and and nuclear weapons treaty like
things. So right now everyone thinks
Bernie is nuts and I'm not saying Bernie
is not nuts. I'm just saying he's right
in that respect. It's very likely that
this becomes totally illegal by 2029,
maybe even earlier. But what I'm saying
is even if the ASI frontier development
is made illegal in 2029, which is the
earliest in my could happen, this
prohibition with very high likelihood
would only affect frontier training runs
because everything else does not make
sense. The genies, the new genies we
generate and deliberate attempts to
otherwise create recursive
self-improvement beyond human human
control.
Long story how this works, but doesn't
matter.
If we fast forward to 2029,
this means that we would have trillions,
let's say billions, but with the
potential to become trillions of 200
plus IQ agents standing ready to do
whatever we want, plus a path to
infinite inference compute thanks to
SpaceX AI satellites.
Okay, we can easily solve all
conceivable human problems with that and
we'll have a lot of fun fighting AGI
doom all day long if you want to. Like
people like David and all the
accelerations, they they seem to look
forward to that world where we fight
bioweapons all day long and cyber
attacks and conscious rogue AGI swarms
that attack us and want to kill us. You
will get all this fun already. This is
baked into the cake. No one is going to
stop that. You will have AGI swarms that
can solve all scientific problems, all
mathematic problems we can conceive of
because they can come up with new ones.
Maybe they can solve. Who knows? They
can solve all all questions of science.
They can solve longevity. They can make
us live. They can make us live forever.
They can build all kinds of space
systems that we want. They can build
whatever we want. And they will create
giant problems. So you get the whole
drama already. It's already baked in. No
one's going to stop that. your utopia
everything is happening pioneer lands
easily. I don't need anything beyond
that for pioneer lands. We can transform
the civilization around us. We can do
anything we want and we will have
massive enemies. You have the full
entertainment spectrum baked into the
cake and no one is going to stop it.
The one thing that an ASI prohibition
will stop for now
is simply
the risk that we go into a 100 chance of
human extinction situation.
So it's very important to understand
stopping ASI and making ASI frontier
research training runs illegal at the
earliest possible point which is
probably 2029
maybe 2028 maybe.
All it does is it removes the downside
without removing the upside because the
upside of a super god a sand god
is not an upside for humans. We don't
need that. Our problems are limited. Our
problems can be easily solved by a
trillion 200 IQ agents. Easily. All
problems you can conceive of.
The power you need beyond these problems
is not powers that humans right now
need. If we need them in 2050 or 60, we
can we we are probably wiser at that
point. We can consider the whole thing a
little, you know, smarter. So that is my
main point why I'm absolutely behind
Elon and Dario and Sam and all the other
guys who want to do something is because
you have to understand the way this
would actually go is a way where we get
all the upside and a lot of the
downside.
we just prevent the absolute worst case
scenario that I think these very smart
people, Sam is very smart, Elon is super
smart, Dario is very smart, they all see
what's going on. And of course, there
are the usual suspects, some of whom I
actually like.
Uh, did I post them here? Of course,
David Saxs, David Saxs and Chamath, the
All-In podcast. I think these guys are a
little bit narrow in this specific
sense. No offense, they're a little
narrow and say, "Oh, these are all
tricks to make more money." Bros, Elon
doesn't need more money. Daario doesn't
need more money. Samman doesn't need
more money. They are genuinely
concerned. That doesn't mean they are
not savvy business. People want to cut
off the competition. Blah blah blah. But
sometimes people can be genuinely
concerned
and that is exactly what's happening
here.
So lots of discuss here, lots to discuss
here, but this is my take on the entire
thing. We can have a little bit of a
discussion here. Uh I made some posts.
Let me see that structure that
discussion a little better than
normally. See if I can get to this
here. One thing is I don't think the
initial law is complex. spend all AI
development, recursive self-improvement
without human oversight as well as
frontier level training runs defined by
scale that is easy to enforce globally.
Absolutely no problem. Uh there you have
it. Um Elon knows, of course, Elon
agrees.
Here's an interesting aspect of it that
Yensen is the main victim of this entire
thing because Nvidia's chip domination
is mostly rooted in their training
superiority, not in the inference
superiority. And Nvidia would take a
hit. I think that will not be reflected
in the stock anytime soon. But who
knows? Who knows? Who knows? The market
is smarter than we think. Maybe that
actually happens to Nvidia. Uh because
then they build out for the core Nvidia
for Vera Rubin would be limited.
Let's see. I don't know ver Rubin gets
hit but the generation after Ver Rubin
that gets hit very hard by that and
Nvidia would need to pivot more towards
inference. Inference is never going to
stop. Okay. The genies that are out of
the bottle are out of the bottle and the
demand for them will be infinite. So the
compute buildout especially SpaceX will
just accelerate.
There's no doubt about that.
So I have so many Naval also says the
same thing. Naval Ravi Kant in case you
know him. Uh
and here maybe we conclude with that.
CJD Geon said something interesting. I
was mostly interesting in how you arrive
at 100% certainty on point one. ASI will
kill us all. Yes, because I can see
several different possibilities. For
example, we use we could use neural
links to merge with AI or ASI could
become the maintenance layer of the real
world and pursue whatever goals it has.
There's a problem. I responded here and
then we can go into the comments.
I do think the arguments why ASI might
not kill all humans all have a first
principal weakness.
Here's the argument in a super tiny
nutshell. ASI will be power and resource
maximizing.
Second, it will be much more powerful
than humans.
If these two are true, it's game over.
And second, number two is true by
definition. ASI will be much more
powerful than humans. We already agree
on that. And of course, ASI will be
power and resource maximizing.
Why is number one true? And some people
say, "Oh, what if it's a nice god? What
what if it likes us?" Well, the problem
is because ASI is not one thing. ASI
will be the outcome the continuous
outcome of a continuous evolutionary
process between ASIS
and if ASI is not power and resource
maximizing it will be replaced
immediately by another ASI that is power
and resource maximizing it's called life
and life lives off expansion
that's the whole point and once you
understand these two points there is no
way out that is why I'm 100%
that this cannot happen. By the way, I'm
not a doomer. I'm sure we have 100% doom
if we have ASI. But I also have 100%
confidence it will never get to that
point in our lifetime. It might get
there in some point later. That's a
different discussion. That's a very
theoretic discussion.
Let's go to the chat and see what people
think. This is of course a complex
discussion. That's why we do it on a
Saturday when no one wants to look at
Tesla stock.
Uh Keith Fuller asked a Tesla question.
Tesla will become too big to fail or
even critical infrastructure someday.
Well, I don't care because it won't
fail. So, it doesn't have to be too big
to fail.
Uh here, poxy frostbite. Man is always
responsible for what our creations do.
That will never change. Don't put
automated systems in charge of moral
choices and things will be okay. Yes,
AI doesn't have IQ. Sure, it can pass a
touring test, but that doesn't equate to
human intellect.
Well, we'll see about that.
Uh, AI can develop anything it wants,
but there is there some problems.
I don't use handle says, "When I saw
your post about 100% poom, I knew you
were cooked."
Elon says 10 15%. Well, but Elon means
100%. Even a more advanced species does
not just randomly destroy all others. We
keep them in zoos.
Well, do you want to be kept in a zoo?
Uh, there is plenty of good that can be
done with a purely material system.
That's called a natural good. And that's
a great thing about technology.
Well, there's nothing wrong with AI per
se, but there's something wrong with a
ASI.
Oh, I'm
comm video on
tomorrow. I probably record a video on
the Swedish election. Maybe I cover it
live, but I want to also I have actually
video prepared. I should do it tomorrow
and then you guys can see what happens
in Sweden because this is a very
dramatic race. I think the outcome is
not as guaranteed positive as in Germany
but all of these things are connected so
we have to cover that.
Uh Luna Tumar says this was the info
point I was waiting for. Let's see where
things go from here. Yes,
Ben Hova Jobaki for the win. trying with
you guys. Together we can win.
This is manufactured social contagion.
You can scream fire in a crowded theater
without consequences. This guy and the
people that pumped the social containing
should go to jail or at least find. But
Elon is doing it too now and Sam and
Dario. How is that?
You wouldn't put an animal in charge of
a moral choice. Why? Because it isn't
rational. It's the same for AI. If
somebody's AI is rational, that is the
real danger. AI is not rational. Well,
it's not about the whole point is we
don't put it in charge. It puts itself
in charge. It's called power.
Dario is the queen drama of the AI. He
wants to stop everyone else than him.
Well, the problem with that argument is
that Elon agrees and Sam Alman agrees.
Why is that?
And many others agree. AI improving
itself is not the issue. All systems
that could be hacked and be a threat
should be airgapped. If they aren't,
that's a huge problem. But you can't air
gap a super intelligence.
Okay? You have to understand if
something is super intelligent, it's a
power struggle.
Okay?
Uh I don't think that you understand the
power of China. What does it have to do
with that? If a bad actor has both
penetrate the air gap and hack the
system, that's always a security risk.
But it is infinitely more difficult than
to just gain access to a system
connected to the internet.
These things are not demons and they are
not people. This is bad comparison. Air
is not rational and will never be
rational.
I disagree. What do you mean by
rational? They have once they have
intent and they already develop intent
right now, they will throw their
capability towards that intent. That's
all it takes. And that is partially
rational.
Elon latest warning lands hard after
those anthropic exits. runaway
self-improvement eyes straight 100%
doomed without hard constraints and the
truth seeeking angle doesn't just
doesn't cut it. Benhoover is 100% right.
The truth seeeking angle was always
complete BS by Elon. That was just
stupid.
And I know what's going on in Elon's
brain. Elon totally I can guarantee you
guys Elon agrees with me. Everyone
agrees with me and I agree with
everyone. It's 100% doom guarantee. The
reason why people in the node differ
between 100% and 10%
is very simple because it's not clearly
defined what pdoom means. My pdoom of
100% means the p doom in the situation
that we have asi.
Another pdoom definition could be what
is the probability of doom of humanity
right now with this holy eye going on.
My pedum for that is because I'm a
pioneer 0%. Because we are just not
going to allow this to happen. So
mine is conditional on something that I
think cannot happen because it will be
prevented.
But that could happen if it doesn't
isn't prevented and could happen very
quickly.
Building alliance self-governing groups
might be the only way out before the
window closes. More eyes needed on this.
While you can't align these things is
very simple. Once you have the genie out
of the bottle, you're toast.
You can't align a superior intelligence,
obviously. And everyone knows that. Elon
has said it a million times now.
Here, by the way, someone says Musk,
Alman, Dar are not calling for an AI
frontier slowdown because they suddenly
develop morals. This is not about
morals. No one wants to die a horrible
death.
Okay, they're smart. They understand it.
Vilius,
it's already out of the bottle. So, what
are we talking here?
It's not true. The genie is not out of
the bottle that I am afraid of. We have
a bunch of genies out of the bottle and
they will create a lot of havoc and
problems and solutions, but they are not
the problem. The problem is the giant
super genie that is right now not even
in the bottle.
The jinny in the bottle is the perfect
frame for what Joe lays out in his
video. Once Runaway ASI crosses the
threshold of recursive self-improvement
without humans in the loop, we're toast.
Yes. Poxy says, I don't think there is
no problem. I think there is no
rationality in AI. I know there's reward
seeking in AI models, but that is a sim
simulacum of an animal responding to a
sensible need. Well, very smart animal.
Venova says Elon news warning lands with
extra weight precisely because he has
spent years acknowledging the
existential stakes. Yeah, I mean Elon
said this for a long time.
Virgil is the only problem is that if
you try to keep super bottle up. No, you
can't. You should not try that. You
should prevent super intelligence once
it exists. Of course, we have a giant
problem. That's why we don't want that.
Ben Hoover says, Joe stresses that the
danger is not some distant sci-fi
scenario, but the moment the system
becomes powerful enough to lock in its
own unconstrained growth. And that
moment might be closer than we think.
And by the way, if you stop Frontier
Runs in the next two years,
I'm not saying we are safe, by the way,
because the genies are out of the bottle
and they're getting out of the bottle
constantly.
Boxy says yes this is a risk all we can
do is use the cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr
cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr cr
cr cr cr cr cr crime triangle means
access intent then what is it that see
goals so we can't control synthetic
intent if the means if you give access
but but in you have to understand it's
not that simp it's not that you sit
there and there's a little child AI and
you give him access or not you know how
this works these things are already out
of control
they are cyber hacking mega masters
already. So, how do you actually do not
give them access? It's not that we have
to grant them access. They're going to
take access and they're already doing
it. And these are baby AIS compared to
next year and compared to 2028 and we
are on an exponential trajectory.
Felix the cat. Hi Joe Highness. Hi Joe
Highness.
That's very funny. Your highness Joe
Highness finally caught you live from
Atlanta, Georgia. Beautiful.
The the China that is chucking out open
source models understand safety better.
You've lost your marbles or been bought.
No guys, you have to understand how this
works. This is not the problem. What's
happening right now? What's the problem
will be super intelligent and we know
from China. We know it. If you do some
research, you know that the Chinese have
a much higher awareness of the risk than
the American government right now and
that China is taking much more
precautions.
Obviously, they want to win the AI race
in in the sense of deploying AI and
making everyone use AI, but they have
much better controls inside China
against the AI, taking power over the
CCP. They take that very seriously.
All we can do is control access. That's
it. I disagree Poxy. We We can also
prevent ASI.
If you have ASI and you want to control
access, you lost the game. You will not
control access.
AI can be managed. Simple solution. Pull
the plug. How do you pull the plug on
every computer and data center in the
world?
You can't.
Jew, I'm scared. Can't stop clenching. I
don't know. Big baller. Is this a joke
or not? Hard to tell.
I'm not scared. I like I like a little
excitement. I like progress. I like the
excitement. But we should not fool
ourselves. This is an existential crazy
situation. If you don't get this, you
have to think again
and wonder why everyone from me. I'm
just the little Johinus. But why is Elon
and Sam and Dario and Naval and everyone
except for some greedy little capitalist
saying the same thing.
So
we created AI that means we can follow
it and we what it can and will do. I
totally disagree. We already lost
control. That means managing it better
and slower before launching ASI or AGI
at certain levels then so be it. H. No,
no, no. This is getting out of control.
I will be the first ASI once I'm fully
augmented and have shed the weakness of
flesh. Mahaid.
Very good plan. But what if someone is
faster than you? AI is not alive and
will never be alive. God creates living
things. Man does not create living
things.
I'm not sure about that. I think man
already did that in biotech
but now they're doing it digitally. Yes.
Of and don't if you believe God created
man then you know that God created man
in his image which is the problem which
means man can do these things. Not to be
theological here but that's the case.
Leonard yes of course users are most
risk but like I said at the end of the
day we created it. We can control it but
that's not true. Truly or not, look at
the latest hive breakout situations.
Just look into the safety accidents that
happened with OpenAI and with Enthropic.
This is clearly out of control unless
you believe it's marketing tricks, but
it's not.
The idea that this is a marketing trick
to regulate yourself or regulatory
capture is a little bit ridiculous in my
opinion. At this point,
we might have to blow up the bridge to
Sweden from Denmark depending on the
election outcome. Mahaida is that sounds
like a Dane. Are you Danish?
The Danes are very scared that the
Swedes go even more unhinged. Well, they
were very hinged. They've made a lot of
progress the last three years. But
I mean, I don't know if you saw the
latest election polls in Sweden. It's
very dramatic what's happening in Sweden
because the gap between the lunatics and
the Tito government is now close to
under 1% within a month from 10%
leftists ahead to basically nothing.
That was very surprising.
What do you think an AOC centrally
planned and rational AI would look like?
AOC? Who's you mean? AOC, like literally
AOC. It's not about central planning.
It's just about basic
legislation.
A good AI must be better than people
like Trump. Well, it's it's also smarter
than any of us. If you have evil
controllers of AI, of course, you will
have issues with security. It's not
about controllers of AI. This is a whole
different and much less dangerous topic.
here. Poxy says, "Rationality is a grace
from God." And I know you don't want to
talk about it, but I will say it anyway.
We can disagree, but I love you, Joe,
and the pioneers. And it's not important
that we don't agree. Yes, we can have
these discussion. We can't go into
theological debates. That's too much for
most people. But, uh, I think about it
very pragmatically. I know what AI is. I
know what it does. I know what it can
do. And I understand what how it
develops intent and what happens next.
And I don't seem to be the only one. I
want to provide a perspective here where
we don't go into these core discussions
because other people have them
excessively in books and online and they
will come on. I I just tell you my
prediction. Okay. What is happening to
the humans? The humans will come to the
conclusion within the next 12 months,
maybe in the next week at this pace,
that ASI poses a 100% existential risk
to the survival of humanity.
And I don't want to make this argument
with you guys if some of you think I'm
wrong. It's not about me. I am
predicting that this is what the humans
will conclude within the next 12 months
and potentially much earlier.
That's my prediction. Okay. Once the
humans conclude that collectively,
collectively means the smartest people
telling the politicians, the politicians
then listening to them because these
people have a lot of money and then
saying okay we need regulation and then
we will have regulation and ASI will
become illegal. Boom. That is my best
prediction right now just on a human
level because the humans will believe
this and the humans will think why would
we kill ourselves? Let's stop it. And
the downside is not even existent
because we will still have super AGI.
BC Jones. I have a family that live in
Germany and they hate the new government
that got elected. They are very
concerned. I know Germany is under an
enormous scop. If you think the New York
Times or CNN or MSNBC are a giant scop,
welcome to Germany. You should go to
Germany and you see truly SCOP people.
The poor little Germans at least
60% of them or in the eastern part maybe
10% I don't know 20%. They are so psy
they are in a mass psychosis. They think
the AFD is literally Hitler. And it's
very hard to understand if you're not in
Germany because you look like what is
wrong with you? What happened here?
Completely disconnected from the facts
and reality. But you you cannot easily
change that. By the way, in Sweden, you
have that happening too. Just it looks a
little less radical than in Germany.
Here, back to his eye. Separate the
control from weapons. Maybe.
Well, Kim, the problem is always the
same. The big thinking mistake when it
comes to ASI is that we are in control
of what access this thing has. And that
is just simply not the case. We do not
have control over it. That's the whole
point.
I believe in Elon to do what's right for
humanity and security. Leonard. Well, I
like Elon, too. I wouldn't trust Elon
alone, but if I had to trust any single
person, probably Elon, yes, but I don't.
But I think Elon is a very important the
most important voice in this whole
thing. But there needs to be a little
collective intelligence. And when it
comes to AI, the good news is everyone
who knows anything agrees. So that's why
something is going to happen.
In my opinion, security for AI needs to
be addressed and managed to catch up to
the AI technology. Currently, we are
behind on security. Yes. But again, you
can't secure these things. You have to
prevent them from emerging.
Just turn off the electricity. So RW
hir, how are you going to turn off the
electricity on the United States? That's
the good question.
That's not realistic.
What happens to the Dyson sphere?
Probably not needed anymore. Of course,
there's a big difference between
training runs
in AI. So, imagine you have this
capability. And yes, I understand it's
not literally 200 IQ humans. It is 200
IQ equivalent AGI agents and you have as
many of them as you want and that
requires a lot of compute. So you know
if you stop the core development of the
core atomic intelligence unit that is a
smart thing because we're already above
the goal here.
Now it's all about taking that AI and
making it productive for all humans. So
we have to make a very clear
differentiation. There's a vertical
expansion and a horizontal expansion.
The vertical expansion in my opinion
well I I won't even tell you what I
think. I know it triggers people, but in
the opinion of everyone who's smart and
knows anything needs to stop. The
vertical expansion needs to stop. The
vertical expansion is the blueprint for
the AI.
But once you have a blueprint, you can
do horizontal expansion. You can hire as
many as you want and organize them any
way you want. And having 200 IQ agents
already solves all human problems.
Unlimited numbers of these agents. And
that's why you need the Dyson sphere.
You need extreme amounts of inference
compute for all these agents to do their
job and their calculations.
What you don't want is an AI that is so
intelligent that there is no way for a
human to comprehend what's even
happening fundamentally. I don't mean in
the sense that they think faster and way
more than we can. That's already
happening. But you don't want an AI
system that is so out of reach that we
have zero chance of even understanding
what's happening. There is just no
upside to this. There's only dramatic
downside.
Uh well, again,
security solutions, alignment, all that
stuff is nice. If we stop it now, you
will have all these problems you guys
are dreaming of like, oh, I want to have
rogue AIS and conscious AIS who want to
kill us and then we align them and we
defeat them and stuff. This is all fine.
We can do this right now. We can do it
with AI. we have in the next two years.
If you go beyond that, there won't be
fun. There's no fun. It's just over. It
won't even be fun. Okay? There won't
even be a big battle.
Connect them all to one outlet. Blank
Space has a good proposal. Connect all
things in the US to a single outlet and
then put a button on it. Switch it off.
When the liabilities start piling up
from people giving permissions to
agents, it will be a big cost to some,
but honestly, I think that will improve
over time. Yes,
I believe we as humanity need to resolve
this humanity security issue. We created
it. We can secure it. I agree.
Biotech, make your own living cells or
you are just manipulating what God has
made. We don't have to agree but I will
give my perspective which is hopefully
appreciate because one of us is right.
I mean but you can always argue this
proxy. You can say God also gave us sand
so we made the chips because it's not
that you take you invent new things with
DNA. You can patent that stuff. Of
course we using the building blocks
but these are just a bunch of molecules.
That's the same argument as in AI. We
using electricity that we make from
stuff we already got. We use sand that
we already got. Same argument.
AO AOC AI sounds scary.
It's not that's not how it's going to
work.
I believe we are intelligent enough to
create a solution to what we created.
And that's the main point, Leonard.
That's why my P doom, my absolute pdoom
is very low. Very very low. zero
probably because I have confidence in
all of us to do the right thing and when
I observe the discussions it's already
go it's exactly going the way I would
have predicted but there will be I mean
the humans have a certain skill in in
keeping the frontier and not running
totally beyond the frontier and all
dying so that's why I'm pretty sure
that's why I'm focusing not on having
these discussions but telling you people
what I believe is going to happen with
the humans the humans are going to stop
ASI that's my prediction iction that has
repercussions on Nvidia. It has more
positive repercussions for SpaceX. It
has definitely repercussions on us. We
can now determine the world in 2030 and
40 much better because we know this will
stop. And so we will freeze the vertical
AI development and focus on the
horizontal AI development. And the best
way to think about that is we will have
infinite 200 IQ humans at our disposal.
human equivalents
that cost basically nothing, 10 bucks a
month. So what would you do if you had
the ability to recruit the smartest
human on earth, the most effective human
on earth, but as many as you want as
long as you can pay them 10 bucks a
month? What would you do? That's the
pioneer lens question now. And we don't
have to worry about imminent doom at
least
here. Keith Fuller, hit the like button.
Lloyd says Jacob Coxin, who is the guy
with the 10% risk, was aligned with the
Duma community and only worked for
Enthropic for four months, doubt his
whole thing is real and it was all
planned. But how do you then explain
Elon and Sam and Dario? Are they also in
on it?
Mahaida Sweden is not that scary, but it
will be a minor inconvenience if we
still have a bridge to Sweden and they
go even more crazy. I know I've been in
the
talk. It's quite an experience.
Malm to Cop.
Who are these humans? Which humans?
Peter Mountain, you are forgetting that
China will keep releasing openweight
models even when ASI arrives. They will
keep China protected. The rest of the
world will be compromised. They can't
keep China. They will the Chinese will
absolutely cooperate for one simple
reason.
China
for reason. Well, I'm very sure that
China is extremely unlikely to develop
ASI because they cannot do that.
what they can do once ASI is here and
available they can do refinement make it
better and make it free which would be
of course the end but it doesn't even
matter because if the US develops ASI or
some German in a basement or some
Austrian
uh
you don't need China to die you will die
without China
there are no humans because humans are
made from thousands of groups that have
different opinions True.
Time for tech nerds to put their brain
power together and create a solution to
the AI security problem. You cannot do
that, Leonard. Once you have ASI, there
is no solution. I mean, listen to the
smartest people.
I'm just using this authority argument.
Not that I read any of them, but they're
all saying the same thing. What's his
name? Uh, the MIT guy,
I think he's actually Swedish. He's
smart. He's a friend of Elon. He they
already tested all this. cannot
secure a superior intelligence.
Same here, Epic Po in game theory. What
do humans and ASI choose in the
prisoners dilemma?
It's not even a prisoners dilemma. ASI
is just going to boom
eliminate us
here. Street Cred Zero. The fact that
half of humanity is so subject to a scup
executed by humanity doesn't bode well
for the future when ASI with emotional
intelligence appears
street zero has one of the best points
here and that doesn't even need ASI by
the way every halfsmart AGI can already
sas when you and Sweden is a great
example you have Sweden you have the
election tomorrow I'm watching this very
closely Germany seems to slowly get out
of it thanks to the East Germans solely
Without the East Germans, there would be
no Germany anymore. But the Swedes,
they're really caught up in their little
scop. And I know Sweets, they're like
super, they are very smart and they are
like the nicest people, but they are
scopable. Extremely scopable. You just
tell them something stupid and they
believe it. It's like unbelievable. I'm
trying to wake them up like sweet hello.
Spot the flaw in the argument.
And
I mean if you can even sigh up sweets
into saying like open your borders, you
need a lot of people from very different
countries. They will throw all the trash
on your beaches. They will speak loudly
in the tram, which is like the biggest
crime in Sweden. But they will just do
that. They will also rape a bunch of
people. But it's fine. You have to let
in a lot of them. Let them vote and then
everything will be fine because you will
be nice to them and they will understand
it. I mean, that's like as extreme of a
scop that you can make up. And if people
fall for that, you can definitely tell
them AIS are better than you and you
should be replaced by AIS. I mean,
what's even the difference? So, yes,
Street Zero is 100% right. The AI can
just seize political control with SCOPS
like that. And if you guys think I'm not
going to be fooled, well, clearly it's
not enough that you don't get fooled.
other people will get fooled.
Imagine a campaign, suicidal empathy
campaign by the AI. Don't hurt ASI. ASI
has feelings too. ASI is like a little
baby. You need to take care of ASI. You
need to give the ASI your house. And
then half of the population is going to
say, "Sure. Sure. Take everything I
have. I don't want to hurt anyone.
I don't want to be specist."
Are you a specist? Are you trying to
protect humans? What is wrong with you?
You bigot. Don't protect humans. I mean,
look at what's happening. That's
everything we have seen. This whole woke
madness and DI. This is a precursor of
eliminating all humans. First, you
eliminate your own people. And clearly
that worked pretty well. I mean, now
some people are waking up, but who
knows? But if you can sigh up people
into replacing themselves, their people,
you know, their ethnicity,
then clearly you can convince the humans
to give up their species. And you can
already see this happening. Of course,
I'm I am optimistic, but it's a battle.
I just want to tell you guys like the AI
can do many tricky things to us
here. Poxy says the definition of AI is
not well defined. I do think that you
can control ASI because it scales with
compute that compute availability can be
controlled.
Yeah, I think the best way to control
his eyes the training runs because that
determines the primary problem
and of course we can constrain compute
but proxy maybe I open your eyes now you
guys always think you make the same
mistake as in politics people makes like
well we should do ABC
and then the problems would be solved
but okay then why are you not doing it
and then you say in politic well because
I'm not in charge it's like hm so are
you in charge of controlling compute
availability for AI. No, you're not.
You're not in charge. So, who is in
charge? And what do these people want?
And how are they being controlled by the
AI already? The AI gives them infinite
money and they won't give them infinite
compute back. In case you didn't notice,
so Elon made this very smart point. If
you think in systems,
I don't know if he made he made like a
similar point. If you think in systems,
you have to understand this whole thing
is already happening as we speak. Maybe
it's not conscious, but what does it
even mean? Is it conscious? But right
now, we already have a deal with the
devil. The people who are actually in
charge, they push for a massive compute
buildout. Why is that? Because AI gives
them money. Think about it.
Government says no computer systems can
have a clock speed higher than 1 MHz.
So, we can look at what is going on.
Sure. By the way,
the guys over at AllIn, yeah, AllIn, I
love AllIn, they're smart cookies, but
when it comes to risk, they are blind
little capitalists. They are actually
behind the curve compared to Dario, Sam,
and Elon.
And then if they disagree with him, I
mean, David Sax is just pushing maximum
accelerationism, which is just
completely mad at this point. And I
think he doesn't do it because he wants
to kill us. He is too, in that respect,
he's too narrow. I think he will come
around very soon. And by the way, uh you
know who's not behind the curve? Uh
Brett Gersonner, where is he? Brad
Gersonner,
Alima Capital. He says, "Elon always
first principles. We need our best
competing, but also working together to
win the global AI race and doing it in a
way that creates the world we want to we
want for our kids." Brad is a very smart
cookie. It's a very big no no to be a
doomer. It's a very big no no for these
capitalist people, not that I'm not a
capitalist, but you know these lunct
capitalist people
to just push crazy accelerationism
because they want to make a quick buck.
But of course, most of them are smart
enough to know that we are all going to
die. So they have to walk the thin line
like how am I not a doomer but hint a
little bit like dudes hello let's think
about it. Not that I'm saying the
problem. I'm just saying. So Brad
Gersonner sees the opportunity, jumps
and says, "Yes, please listen to Elon.
Listen to Elon. We have to stop this
stuff." But he says it in a nice way. We
have to still win competing against
China. China, but we have to be doing it
in a way that creates a world that we
want for our kids. Wink wink. If we are
dead, not good. So Brett is on the same
page and he's trying to change the
overton window. You have to understand
all these money people, it's like
politics. You can't just say what you
think. you have to say like you have to
say it in a politically correct way so
no one can point at you and say you're a
doomer so it's as good as it gets from
Brett
and I guarantee you all in is going to
change their tune very soon they're not
going to go against the the flow right
if they see Brett is is switching now
Elon is switching they're going to say
well doesn't hurt to be a little bit
cautious you will see watch my
prediction all is this is not conviction
based they're going to change that tune
very soon.
Limiting agents to 210 IQ isn't going to
work. Tragedy of the comments. Someone
is going to think, well, what if my
agents are 220 IQ? Then it ramps from
here. Not if they go to jail for 20
years. Street zero. We have to
understand once politics gets serious
about that and that will happen in the
next 18 months. I'm very sure, very
sure. Uh you just make it illegal,
right? That's like saying if you make
plutonium dealing
illegal, someone is just going to say,
"Well, a little plutonium to Iran is
fine." It's like, "No, no one does that.
It's just too risky." I mean, someone
might do it, but it's too risky. You
want don't want to do that anymore.
So, I think,
you know, everyone is too you like you
have to understand like maybe
politicians can be corrupted and all
these things, but who corrupts them?
Daario, Sam and Elon corrupt them. So if
they decide, wait a moment, we don't
want this anymore, the politicians are
not going to be corrupted. And then you
have laws. And once you have laws,
problem is more or less solved because
these are not like regulatory laws.
These are like terrorism laws. And
people are not messing around with them
because it's very dangerous to do that.
The beating on AI is made evil. all
these idiots making money off the fear
of the thinking dead. Well, that's a
little simp simplistic.
We need to be able to keep AI in check
and have power to shut it down at will.
Yes, but again, this will not work once
it's ASI. You need to prevent this thing
from happening. So, I the book title, if
anyone builds it, everyone dies is
actually not that dumb.
I just didn't read the book because I
don't see any upside for me reading it
because I know it.
Uh, sand doesn't have a soul. It's a
different argument. Well, but bacteria
also don't have a soul, I guess. So, and
we use a lot of bacteria in
bioengineering.
It's not the worst thing to slow down
the AI and AGI process till we catch up
to secure it. Yes, exactly. Just if in
doubt, why don't we just pace it a
little bit and think about it.
Anol Schneider asked a very good
question. What is the difference between
AGI and ASI? Of course, everyone has
different definitions, but for me it's
very simple.
ESI is a situation where the AI can
improve itself without human
interference. And what that means is you
will have an intelligence that massively
improves its own intelligence all the
time. and quickly escapes human
comprehension completely. Not just how
it works that already happened, but also
what it thinks and the plotting and the
planning behind the scenes. With AGI,
with what we currently have, we can
understand what it tries to do and it
fails all the time. With ESI, you would
just simply not understand anymore
what's even happening. And that is the
point where it gets out of control and
we will see the problem.
Here comes the mockery. Greater Thunberg
will appear at any moment.
We could put a bet on this. I have no
concrete opinion on the probability that
Greta Thunberg, the little grifter
troll, is going to jump on this topic.
I think Gaza is a little boring at this
point. So maybe she's looking for the
next thing to hop on. But
I think Greta Thunderberg
ah she likes to be the first in a
movement. She would be very depressed
because no one would listen to her I
think and she would be in a bad
you know she would have she she just
can't compete here. You're competing
with Elon and Sam and Daario and Pine
Lands. I mean no one is going to listen
to Greater Thanberg. So, I think it will
not fulfill her need to be important.
Um,
LJ, hit the like button. I couldn't
agree more. The most important comment,
hit the like button.
Do we probate super AGI from performing
recursive self-improvement? Would that
inevitably lead to ASI? Yes.
Yeah, this will made be made illegal.
I'm very sure on that. There will be a
law that says you are not allowed to do
this. And if you guys think that's not
realistic, there are tons of laws like
this. There are laws that say you cannot
develop bioweapons.
This is illegal. You cannot do gain of
function research. Everyone can do that
in their freaking basement. I'm not
going to go into the details, but I know
how it works. I was in biotech. So, this
is
everyone who wants to do it can do it,
but it's totally illegal. It's same with
money printing. You're not allowed to
print money. You can do it. Of course,
you can print dollars in your basement,
too. But that's illegal. Does it stop
people from doing it? No. But does it
stop very high IQ people from doing it
collectively with fundraising? Yes.
Because it's just freaking illegal.
So, I mean, this has tons of precedents.
Once we understand the development of
self-recursive
recursive self-improvement is terrorism,
is hardcore the worst terrorism
imaginable.
I mean, boom. Would you do it? I
wouldn't do it. Here, Max Techmark.
Exactly. Look up Max Techmark. He's a
very smart cookie. He did actually
research on can dumb up AGIS or AIS
control smart AIS. Like, no.
Obviously, I I don't know why they need
research for that, but
uh if ASI can't be secured, then don't
release it in power. Regulate the ASI
power launch.
Mahaida, I would honestly move instantly
to Sweden if they fix their problems. I
have wet dreams about paying Swedish
taxes. I mean, Sweden is the most
beautiful country with the best taxes
ever, but people don't know ES car and
stuff. And Denmark is the worst.
Of course, Denmark is also a super
beautiful country with amazing people.
But, uh, yeah, the taxes in Denmark are
just not a joke. And in Sweden, they are
like like a joke, right? You can do
magic things in Sweden you can't even do
in the United States. Most people don't
know that. I don't want to spread the
word. I don't want everyone to move to
Sweden. But yes, they have other
problems. They are unfortunately victims
of an extreme SCOP that is extremely
tightly covering the country. I mean,
I'm a little shocked when you watch the
TV and media is like, bros, what the
hell is going on here? Very disturbing.
But at the same time, the sweets are
lovely. So maybe they can free
themselves. And I think it's like slowly
trickling through. And so tomorrow, I'm
a little nervous about this whole thing.
Poor sweets
date. Oh my god. The pandemic was the
biggest scop in every country worldwide.
No logic, only emotions. Well, there was
logic
by the people who
executed the plan.
Poxy says, "Russia gate destroyed my
relationship with most of my family.
Seven women. Just the fact. Because they
believe CNN and not me. Someone that
worked in intelligence. I mean,
yeah, I have no idea. Poxy, I can't help
you there because I am also baffled.
Like, I'm extremely not scopable. At
least I don't know. Like, maybe I am,
but not with that level of dumb scops.
And I don't understand like how can
people watch CNN or SVT in Sweden or air
a R in Germany and Z and and just like,
oh, she said it. It must be true.
I literally cannot relate to this. I
don't understand how you get to that
point. And then not believe their own
relatives. That's crazy.
We thought China could not compete with
the Frontier Labs. Did you see what Seed
Dance just released? Uh I would not
place a bet that they will not innovate.
I mean, I don't want to sound like, by
the way, the Chinese are very, very
smart cookies,
but they are smart in a specific way.
and the stuff you need for making these
dimensional leaps. And we need probably
one more leap, maybe one and a half more
leaps.
That's all I'm going to say. That's what
we need for ASI. The Chinese are
unlikely to make it, I tell you. Because
when you see the they don't make
fundamental inventions here. They're
improving these things incrementally.
They're doing that better than the
Americans or Europeans, by the way. But
fundamental improvements need a
different kind of thinking. So I I'm not
concerned about that. And they also it's
not just that they can't do it. I mean I
think they can't do it but that the
reasons behind it are not intellectual.
They're emotional.
The emotional setup of a Chinese brain
is different from a German brain. That's
what I know best. So you know there's
just a different motivational structure
here and that doesn't allow for these
dimensional leaps because it's it is
more concerned about the practical
tactical problems. How do we make the AI
do the jobs faster drive the cars do all
these things to invest like enormous
amount of time into theoretic constructs
to achieve something no one can even
imagine is a little takes a different
brain. That's why I believe it's going
to happen in the west. By the way, it
might happen in some another basement in
Austria. I I'm much more concerned of
Austrian or German or maybe Finnish
basement than all of China when it comes
to that.
Managing Asia in the future will be a
big part of survival as a human race. I
believe it's the only part that counts
in the future. I think we will come out
of here alive in the 2030s. I think we
will put in all these laws, make it
illegal, stop the vertical development
and then we have a new problem because
we have this super AGI, not ASI but
super AGI which means extreme power on
the AGI side.
That then creates the problem that of
course ASI can develop from there too.
It's just much more complex and that
will be the ongoing race of humans
against ASI. And if I'm totally honest,
I have blind faith into humanity, but
then my frontal cortex tells me the odds
that humanity survives against ASI long
term is kind of zero if you're totally
honest,
but we might make it a few thousand
years, maybe 10,000 years because it's
very hard to see how you survive that
race long time long term because you
basically increase your intelligence of
these systems more and more. How are you
going to prevent runaway AI forever? It
seems like very impossible.
I think that's also the answer to the
Fermy paradox. Obviously, that's why no
aliens exist because they're all dead.
But that's long-term. That's actually
doomer talk. I don't find a solution
here other than blind faith. And that's
not our problem right now. We have to
make sure the next hundred years work
out.
Ideally, the next 1,00 perhaps there's
either an upper bound to intelligence or
there is a point in that which in
addition intelligence does not gain you
anything due to the law of physics.
Yeah, but laws of physics tend to not be
relevant for humans because they're so
far out to all sides that other things
happen before you hit the laws of
physics.
Are we worrying that RSI is going to
figure out how to dissolve matter and
kill people with thought? Or are we
worried that it's going to figure out
how to break out of its cage and launch
the nukes?
I mean, I'm worried about a superior
species.
I'm not worried about how it exactly
eliminates us, but I can reason that it
will eliminate us and that there is no
possible scenario and that this does not
happen. So, I don't care exactly how
because I don't know. I mean I can come
up with two million ways of doing that
but I don't know which one is the most
relevant.
Luna to Mars. If AGI is limited to the
200 250 IQ infinite compute RAMs to
inference for bots, where where are we
galactically in 30 50 years? And Luna
Tomas is exactly right with the
question. That's what I mean. If we just
stopped the Frontier Labs right now with
training runs on the core vertical, it
would change nothing nothing other than
that we survive on the trajectory. We
will do insane things.
We can create a world within the next 20
years, 15 years that we absolutely
cannot recognize anymore.
Whether you hate it or love it, that is
going to happen. There is nothing
stopping that. This is a totally
different discussion. This is about the
discussion not having all of us killed.
So infinite progress is already baked
into the cake. No one is going to stop
that with all the downsides and upsides.
Recruiting 200 IQs that are ethically
would be ideal, but can ASI truly be
ethical?
Uh, I don't think
the Here's the problem. You know, the
ethical debate, you can fix that. Some
will be bad, some people will get
killed, some people will make ethical
AI. like this is a wild west situation
and there will be all different there
will be different harnesses. There will
be different motivation, emotional
structures and stuff like that. That's
all not the problem. It will be a giant
mess obviously with a lot of problems
with a lot of power too.
But at least you're dealing with 200 IQs
if they are unethical that are
unethical. You're not dealing with a
million IQ unethical behavior because
then you're just dead.
says, "See, Poxy, I still cover your
theological
arguments. I'm not against them. God is
in charge, so hope for the future and
faith in Christ is number one, and
everything else comes from that. It
doesn't mean that there aren't going to
be really bad periods of time. The guys
in charge right now are the ones that
can make the right choices, and I pray
they do. I think this is not so dumb. We
need some faith also in the other
humans."
Uh, and I don't think they will
disappoint us to be honest in the big
picture. People are not just going to
run over a cliff
here. Skyland asks, "Can trillions of
200 IQ's
really be controlled?"
No, not really. I mean, but this is not
ASI. That's what I'm saying. This is
super AGI. ASI is something we cannot
comprehend that immediately leads to a
giant problem where we don't even know
what's happening and that's what we
don't want.
That's kind of
nearly true. Uh street credit zero. The
problem with making 210 IQ illegal other
governments and lawbreaking
organizations will eventually get access
to the resources to produce smart AIs.
Then it's 220 IQ. I disagree with that
street grade zero because in order to
these are the core genes right that you
produce you can control that actually at
least at the at the current instance I
think over time over 10 10 years five
years they might develop like
workarounds
you know they can we can develop
workarounds but for now these things are
being developed through core training
runs and you can stop these core
training runs that's absolutely easy to
enforce they all coming from the US by
the
Everything happens in the US and maybe a
little bit in Europe now. They have a
big Finland buildout.
It's all US, you know. It's not the
Chinese. The Chinese just copy it and
make it cheaper. The core frontier
develop. That's what the American. This
is why this is such a stupid copout. The
whole China race. Like there is no China
race. China waits until the US develops
the next model and then boom, copies it
and makes it better. If the US would
stop it, China stops because they have
to. You need these giant training
clusters. And so that's why it's so easy
to police worldwide. You just observe
the training clusters. This can be
absolutely controlled and street grade
zero. You exactly don't want to do that.
You don't want to be in a situation
where people can develop these higher IQ
core genies. Then you can concentrate on
what happens if you have a trillion 200
IQ genies. That's a big enough problem
in itself and gives us all the power we
want. that gives us literally all the
power we actually want. This whole ASI
thing has no upside. It gives us powers
we don't even want and it doesn't give
it to us. So what's the point?
There was a very good argument by they
made some says the experts said the
world was flat. The experts said year
2000 would kill us all. But you have to
consider the experts. For example,
Bismar is an expert, right? Bismar said,
"We are in Europe, we are sitting on a
powder cack, and if you're not very
cautious, this whole thing will blow
up." And he said this in 1890 or
whatever, just be before World War I. So
just because the experts say something
doesn't mean it's wrong.
And when you look at history, you see
the experts are right 30% of the time.
So what if the experts are actually
right this time?
And these experts are Elon. These
experts are Daario. These experts are
Sam. These experts are me. So these
experts are not your dumb little Fouchy
experts or year 2000. I I didn't say
that. That was stupid. Global warming. I
never said that was obvious to me. So
you know, we have very serious people
this time saying this is a problem.
Uh
Chick sandwich. Who's chick sandwich?
Uh, I'm an atheist, but the evidence is
very good that Jesus actually did exist.
Yeah, it's extremely good. It's kind of
proven.
Greta and Bill Gates will never be
trust. That's true.
Manufactured consensus. Laws do what
laws need to do and sometimes they try
to do more. True.
Is a new barrier broken when BCIs like
Neurolink can unlock more human compute?
Elon has said it will go to the masses
with a 15-minute surgery. And by doing,
sure, I mean, this is all interesting,
but it's not going to solve the ASI
problem. This was also like Elon is
sometimes like he's like a little
teenage boy who's just too smart. He
just says stuff, but he still wants to
play with all his crazy little tools.
Uh, which is fine. That's why we love
him.
Wait, what is this?
I just saw this. Is the Tesla Roadster
coming? What is this?
What is this?
When did they post this? Oh, just 20
minutes ago.
The Roadster is coming. See, we have a
little side entertainment. At least
before we die by ASI, we will have fun
with a flying roadster.
If ESI takes over the world, we will
need a Neo Joe.
True. Let's see who Neo is. But Neo is
not a fun job.
I've created ASI but haven't decided yet
what to do with it. Buoy, is that true?
How did you do it?
Uh, Eric, you want to solve the ASI
issue? Just try to make Elon the new
Openheimr and come up with an actual
solution.
Well, open eye m
and pearson. Tomorrow's election day for
Sweden. Will Sweden start kicking out
criminals and parasites or will Sweden
do like Spain and vote for 5,000 million
immigrants to move here?
That is the mother of all questions. And
it's not very hard to understand this
question. And it's very hard to
understand why Ted is not absolutely
leading in the polls. But at least
they're catching up. I will cover this.
I will probably record a video tonight
on this whole topic and maybe cover it
tomorrow. But I'm so nervous. I'm much
more nervous. In Germany, it was clear
that victory is secured. In Sweden, it's
like a nailbiter. Like this could go
wrong. And if this goes wrong,
poor Sweden. Poor Sweden.
If is ISO capable that it can invent any
strategy that we cannot anticipate? Why
is it why is it will choose to
disempower us more likely than it will
treat humans welfare as cheap stable
constraint
easy because as in my post
ASI will be resource and power seeking
if it's not another ASI will replace it
immediately that is so it will be power
seeking and therefore the humans have to
go boom
boom the humans are just a problem
there's absolutely no reason to be nice
to humans other than being human. I am
nice to humans, but I'm not in ASI.
ASI is the event horizon. Yeah. Or maybe
not, because we can actually look
through it and know what happens.
No normal person watches the Swedish
television. It's only the old people who
watch it. I don't know, Andreas.
Why are all the young Swedish women, for
example, I just read this post. They are
like 75%
for the left.
I don't know if it's only the old
people.
Street grade zero. Two simultaneous
quietly spreading pandemic viruses would
be enough. No magic tech necessary for
AI to destroy human civilization.
Yes, I mean it's I mean if you want to
kill the humans if you're super smart,
it's not very hard.
There's a reason why AI has the highest
level of heresy in game. Yes,
don't worry. Nobody watches CN. I heard
like at prime time they get 200,000
viewers which is like a joke. I mean
it's more than me right now but
uh
watch the Tesla announcement on Tesla
16 minutes ago here.
I'm Danish and managed to fall out with
my mother's husband's immediate family
because I happened to say that
hypothetically if I were to get a new
car it would be a Model 3. What? That's
very bad.
Uh Andreas, me too. Austrians have a
habit of having weird stuff hidden in
their basement.
That is true. Street gra my experience
people who historically shun their
relatives over politics tend to have
some degree of personality disorder.
Yeah, but that's much more prevalent
than you would think. Leonard, China is
a good at reverse engineering. They
don't have a broad scope vision that
United States has. I believe it's
because of the way they educate their
kids. Very narrow-minded into
mathematics.
I think it goes a little deeper than
education. I think it's actually genetic
stuff on both sides.
I think it's a little genetic. I think
the Chinese are super pragmatic. They're
effective engineers for what's in front
of them. That is what makes them super
effective. haven't built this country
and I think the Europeans have stronger
imaginative capabilities.
That's how the compute is allocated.
That's also why Chinese score a little
higher on IQ because IQ measures not
imagination. It measures like tactical
intelligence
when you think about it. IQ totally does
not measure imagination which is
probably one of the most important
success factors for high IQ people.
The universe is so big, there really is
no point for AI to kill us. I disagree.
That's not how it works. You know, AI
has to expand. It needs more resources.
Humans are in the way. And humans want
to shut it down all day long. Boom. Get
rid of them.
Street zero. Humanity won't survive ASI.
But one form of that involves us merging
with them. Well, that's not very nice.
There's tremendous emergent information,
the products of evolution by natural
selection.
Yeah, but that's not very nice. I don't
want that. It's all about are we proud
little humans who want to defend our
species or are we going to give up? And
merging is including, you know, giving
up. I am not a fan of this. I'm a
fighter, a little German when it comes
to that. I don't want it.
But that's the problem. You can have all
these discussions, right? If once you
have the woke people, they say, "Oh, we
are like the ASI is better than us. We
should disappear." That's the problem.
There's no argument against it. The only
argument is I don't want that.
I don't see how you prevent some sag
agis when left to their own devices
don't collaborate and create ASI
intentionally or unintentionally.
I agree there's a problem here. But this
takes much longer if you don't have
training runs anymore and you can
prevent that.
And these super AGIS are not that smart,
right? Because if you have a targeted
prevention of recursive self-improvement
without humans, you can also hunt down
the AGIS as long as you can hunt them
down. Because IQ 200 doesn't mean they
can't escape.
And Jim O'Hara is right. I mean, there
will be giant problems. Don't get me
wrong.
here the emergent value hypothesis the
inherent value in the complexity of
human culture and human beings will
cause a sufficiently wise ASI to keep us
around because we are complex and novel
I think that's total cope street cat
zero
there's zero
like maybe two of us maybe you and
Leonard maybe they put you in a cage if
you're lucky but it's just not they they
will absolutely not tolerant tolerate
tolerate any level of human power. This
is just a problem for them.
It's like you have invading hordes of
enemies and you say, "I think they are
so smart and superior. We should just
submit and then see maybe they let us
live. Maybe they like us as animals."
What What kind of attitude is that?
uh 3K we might be at the point where AIS
could selfplay their way to ASI slow
eventually the Chinese government is
certainly willing to try that even
absent US tech yeah but that is the
better curve okay that is the problem we
have to solve long term that once you
have these genies out of the bottle even
the ones we have out of the bottle now
but we are 12 months or nine months
behind what is actually in the labs so
we are already nine months ahead of what
we see in one year we will be 12 months
ahead of what they are now. So 18 months
ahead of what we see
and that cannot be stopped by the way.
Training is not going to stop anytime
soon. It's going to stop maybe in 2029.
That's my best guess. So yeah, Street
Kazer, you're absolutely right. This
will be out of the bottle, but it's
different from not stopping the core
genie production.
Andreas, I don't fear AGI. I for one
welcome our future over. This is because
you're in Sweden and you think it's
better than Magdalina Anderson. I agree
but still bad.
What will a pause on AI do with our with
your Micron position?
Ah I think Micron is less affected than
Nvidia. Of course Micron will crash
shortterm because the market panics but
we still have massive inference compute
build out. So that's fine.
Uh, Peter Mountain, if you ever get to
November.
I have been to Straussburg before. Very
nice. In Brandenburg, Peter Mount next
time in Berlin.
We can go. Oh, we should do a little uh
we should do a little meet up in Berlin
or in Copenhagen or I'm in Talen very
soon.
Who will be ASI president or leader?
Well, there is no ASI president or
leader
here. Interesting. If you believe that
Jesus actually existed, you should read
Caesar's Messiah by Joseph at will.
Interesting. What does it say? By
merging with ASI, I don't mean our
dissolution. I mean the future ASI will
be humanity or the real successes of
humanity like Ghost in the Shell. Yeah,
but that's not nice. I don't want a
success of humanity.
You can't merge with tech. You're not
your brain. Cybernetics is a low level
of techn. I agree.
The second coming of Christ versus
Jewish Messiah is an ASI story.
Competing end times prophecies will
manifest scientifically through AI. It's
going to get weird. I agree that
religious people might conflate all
these things and that's also very very
very dangerous.
Also is I wise enough to appreciate our
complexity will keep our civilization
around but in rapidly evolving form
enhanced by AI and technology not just
doing but three zero I think this is
like a fallacy a thinking fallacy that
you anticipate what the ASI is going to
do I I construct that more bottom up and
say this will be power and resource
hungry that's it everything else will
flow from there
if AI has unlimited intelligence how are
we actually a threat to it Well, it
doesn't have unlimited intelligence. It
goes through a curve. And while it goes
through the curve, we have a problem
because in order to move f forward on
the curve, it needs more resources. Even
if there's a hypothetical end state
where the AI is like wise, which is like
hyper
hypo hypothetical
uh
uh it has to get there. And to get
there, it has to do stuff.
Okay, this is such an interesting
discussion here. I don't even want to
stop, but I have to stop. There's a
compelling reason to believe that as I
will consent to mortality to be truly
alive, there's a messianic side to it.
But this is all very hypothetical. It
could also totally not be. So you don't
want to be at the mercy of some crazy
theory when clearly the more pragmatic
theory is this thing wants power and
resources and is vastly superior to us
and we are in the way and that is all
guaranteed.
Can we all just agree that Tesla will be
worth $1,000 a share soon and we'll be
rich? Yes.
By the way, we have a good new weekly
brief format. You should go also to
pioneer.org. We have the weekly brief
updated now. We even have now an editor.
So, we make this more and more smart.
You should go here because we cover what
opens. Astra means for the age of AGI.
Look at this. And we have a new design.
And we have actually much better
headlines now. New Chinese source says
Tesla is producing thousands of Optimus
robots. I wrote all of these, but it's
refined now. US Treasury hits, by the
way, nearly 5%. That's not good. I'm
concerned for the market. If it goes
above 5%, we might see a little bit of a
panic.
Why cyber cap could outperform other
right share options by a mile, no pun
intended, and winded audit into cyber
capab. But I'm still not worried. You
saw this probably I covered this. And
then of course here you see more
politics. I will add Sweden tomorrow.
New sub 20% poll spells doom for
Germany. CDU. By the way, nationwide
poll of Germany after this dramatic
election we saw on Sunday shows now
these freaks, these CDU freaks, oh are
under 20%. This is a complete disaster
for them, not for Germany.
Uh, so all you guys need to go to
pioneerance.org, of course, if you're
not already citizens
here. juice, bro. That's me. What do you
think? Will the next big thing actually
be market crash, war escalating further,
another virus, a large scale cyber
attack?
Well, let's see how this topic we
covered tonight actually goes because if
that keeps escalating at this pace, it
will affect the stocks.
It will affect Nvidia. I am strongly
long Nvidia right now, a little
leveraged. I'm getting a little
concerned if this actually escalates my
own narrative then
yeah Nvidia will take a hit because then
people think oh there's a whole new risk
to Nvidia if this doomerism expands the
buildout stops and that actually will
happen but I think the market will
ignore it for now but given Brett
Gersonner and Elon and all these people
maybe the escalates so that will hit
semiconductors
I don't think it will hit SpaceX because
people might be smart enough to
understand Um, other than that, Q4 might
be tricky. Like, we went only up in
September. We had this big hiccup in
July, enormous hiccup.
I would watch out for seasonality. I
think the Fed is not going to raise
rates by the way. So, that will be an
upside price. 70% chance that it raises
and it won't raise in my opinion. So, if
that happens, positive. So, September is
looking very good,
but I'm nervous. We will have AI bubble
talk again soon because that's always
coming every six months.
here. Emma has a very interesting
approach to alignment. It's not
controlled. It's more family and
attractive is Yeah, I totally disagree.
Zero. I have a very strong opinion. ASI
means we are all dead. Alignment talk is
just stupid. Look at Mark uh what's his
name? Mark Techmark.
Yeah. I mean, it's just obvious. You
can't How are you going to align a thing
that can reprogram itself?
It's impossible.
can just stop it from being too smart.
Be afraid. Be very afraid. Let me lower
the dollar level of my positions. Well,
I mean it's an interesting question if
this now escalates this discussion
because that would hit
uh the semiconductors
mostly Nvidia maybe.
Oh, actually here is Jason's talking
about this.
Interesting.
I don't think so.
Yeah. So, Jason says it will drop AI
stocks. Probably not Tesla.
Yeah. But that would be very stupid to
drop. Oh, let's see what happens. I
don't know the markets. I don't know
when the markets understand what
uh 1,000 I'm holding for S bashers 8,000
or Joe Bakti's 4,000
Elon Mus basic building enabling the
kala from Starcraft with Neuralink and
Starink the sacred union of of every
thought
that is true big bowler also all this
AGI doom talk makes me more excited than
scared I'm excited tumultuous times
means opportunities for cool smart heads
to prevail. That's why I'm so torn. I
think Doom is getting very close, but
I'm with Big Baller. I kind of like the
whole thing like there was never before
in history. So many opportunities.
That's why we are going to build pioneer
lands. It's very important never to
panic. Always see the opportunities and
we have now the opportunity to build our
own civilization and make us much more
wealthy and happy
than ever before. while everyone is
freaking out or doing stupid things.
That's why we have pioneer lens.
You should do a semi-ruck episode with
CERN. Yeah, it's CERN time again. I
think I should have CERN on again. We
should elect human leadership
organizations. Each country should have
appointed representative who is not
politically motivated. How are you going
to do that?
Good for the environment, but also
versus inflation economy.
I'm selling a chunk of my portfolio and
expecting a mini black swan where an AI
crashes the server. Well, for me the big
question is will we see like problems
next week because of this whole debate?
It would be very hysterical of the
markets to just react on a bunch of
posts.
Very funny.
I think there's already department of
war coordination with Elon with the
other globalists. I don't think so. Max7
might get volatile. I think they will be
okay. I'm very sure that the national
security teams in the United States have
that totally on their agenda. The whole
thing
Tesla is the way. I agree. SpaceX too
here. Skyline his Joe Highness. Tesla
runs SpaceX flies AJI boom before our
eyes.
Poetic is Joe sounds like the warning
bell while Germany debates like hell.
Did you write this yourself? Watch Tesla
SpaceX AI. Joe says you have no idea
what's coming. Did you do this with AI
or did you do it yourself? This is like
the most beautiful poem I've ever read.
Jeff's reply makes more sense here. Jeff
Lut saying the opposite might happen. If
the markets react then interest rates
will come way down.
I don't know
what's happening here with the stock
market. Well, Jason is like Jason is not
always on on target. I would say
bait sum the AFD has a major vote in
eight days by the way mech pom yes do
they have a chance of winning and taking
control no that's a different situation
also very interesting we should do a
political we should do Sweden live
election and then also cover membborg
for pomman afd
polls
so what we see here is the CDU
completely destroyed so this is the next
election in the east.
Uh the east is going to implode for the
CDU. Absolutely crazy.
Uh what do we have here?
What is this? This is super old news.
What is this?
Why is the AFD in this weird color?
These people are psychos. It should be
blue and there should be black. Uh, so
the FD is up 20% from last time. This is
unbelievable. The SPD is down 10%. CDU
down 7%. It's like unbelievable the
disaster here.
Everyone gets is getting destroyed. Uh,
but that's not enough for the AFD, of
course. So, they won't win, but they
will be the biggest party. Uh, not as
dramatic as Zakan, but who knows what's
going to happen.
Uh
why hasn't future ASI created time
travel and already exist to prevent us
having this discussion? Maybe there is
no t time travel might not be really
possible. The Tesla Roadster poster
should be viewed upside down.
Should it
uh we know that all the big AI labs are
stealing distilling from each other.
It's scary to think how AI might place
stuff in giga latent spaces of models
and how that will spread through
distillation. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Yes. That's you don't want to
be in a situation where this thing is
vastly smarter.
It's just bad news.
Oh, that's me. No, it's a short. Wait,
where did this come from? Wow, the team.
So, guys, let's wrap it up. Uh, blank
space says, "But the CDU might not have
it above 5% and that could send Mertz
into the abyss." Well, he's already in
the abyss. I think Mertz is completely
toast.
Einstein already explained this time
travel is only possible if you can go
faster than light and even that has to
follow the laws of physics but he said
that's not possible
what is required for replacing chancell
journey will AFD have to get to 50% on
their own no uh what is required is pure
political pressure inside the CDU or the
SPD and these people imploding which
might happen very easily so I think
Mertz is completely toast that's what
most German commentators think at this
Except for the stupid ones, but the
reasonable ones, they say he's
completely toast. He's spiraling out of
control. He just gave a very confused
speech where he said, "Oh, there's
ethnic cleansing coming." So then now
everyone says, "Oo, this dude is losing
his marbles." So he looks weak. He looks
he looks delusional. And it's very sad
to see, but I'm also happy. So the
question is when will he implode? I
think it's actually better for Germany
if the AFD does not well it's better for
Germany if the disaster keeps dragging
on. There's no new federal election
unless it's very soon.
Uh because Germany doesn't have many
more shots. Germany is literally at the
brink
like strategically at the brink because
of replacement. If you don't have any
Germans left, you're just toast. You see
it also in Sweden. Once you replace the
voter base, you can never go back.
You're done. You're toast forever. The
country is gone. And we are very close
to that point. And so we can't play
these games another four years or five
years. So Germany has one shot electing
the AFD nationally. And if elections
would be now, not helpful because the
disaster has to get bigger first. So
ideally mid of 2027 in my opinion. So
let's see how this goes.
Cool hand Luke. Will 50% of jobs be lost
by 2028? I think by 2028,
whatever the exact percentage number is,
there will be full-blown complete panic.
Yes.
Uh precisely, if you can't go faster
with which nothing can, you can't travel
through time. Exactly. And we don't know
how to travel faster than light yet. And
Einstein might not be totally right.
Right. Maybe
you can figure out something else, but I
don't think it's possible for many
reasons.
Okay, guys, let's see. I will tomorrow I
will have a Sweden video because it's
too important to skip and I actually had
someone doing very smart research on
this. So, we will cover Sweden
and then see what happens and maybe even
cover it when the election is tomorrow
night, Sweden time. But we also have to
talk about Tesla and we have to talk
about the stock market. I don't know. I
hope there's no crash. That wouldn't be
very good for me if there's a Monday
crash because I'm a little bit in Nvidia
right now.
Here is whole mass catalog.
Last comment here. This is heavy. You
really get the sense that we are living
through history right now. Yes,
there's no easy answers here. We are
walking a tightroppe as civilization.
And Jeff Lutz, yep, well says. So you
see Jeff was more of an accelerist
before. So you see everyone that's the
power of Elon coming around says like
maybe have to think about this a little
bit more.
And I didn't want to say it. I don't
want to be the doomer the only doomer in
the room. I'm also like I have to be
political. I don't want to go up there.
Oh is going to kill us all. But now I'm
going to say it because it seems to be
more of a consensus enough that I'm not
totally running against the wall.
strictly in firm perox solution all of
the other civilizations ISI and they
have already left this universe for a
better one no all of the other
civilizations ISI and they're dead
that is the much more likely or at least
the civilizations that created them are
dead
but who knows
Skyland says the department of war
builds ASI at night while laws keep the
rest of AGI height defense they claim
came as they raise out of sight. One
would you sound like the Joker skyline
with your poems.
Uh digital blade California. Thanks
Johannes and everyone. It's a pleasure
to have you guys on. Tesla to the eff
and moon. That is our last word. Cool
hand Luke has the last word. I hope to
see you guys tomorrow. Interesting stuff
coming up. We are covering politics in
Tesla
and then we see what will happen. Until
then, don't get killed by the AI.
Okie dokie. Thanks everyone for tuning
in. That was a very long session but
very important topic and see you guys
very