Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Reveals New "Mega" Plan & SpaceX Signs New Deal ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UVf_br53XU
Published:   2026-06-22 23:22 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-23 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Electrified. It's your
host, Dylan Loomis. For a while now,
Ashley has been asking me to help with
the office, and as you can see, I have
finally given in. So, in the weeks to
come, there will be changes with the
background as I get ready for this next
phase in my career. I'm sure by now many
of you have seen Tesla's new trademark
filing for the Megapod, but I want to
make sure we can connect all of the
dots. This is an intent to use filing,
meaning Tesla is not using this in the
field yet. But, this will be for modular
data center hardware systems for AI
computing, which will be made up of
computer servers, computer hardware for
AI processing, computer networking
hardware, electrical power distribution
units, and cooling systems sold as a
unit. So, no guarantees, but that sold
could mean eventually it makes it to the
hands of third-parties. But, they'll be
self-contained modular, meaning you can
have more than one, computing hardware
systems for AI workloads, integrated
computer hardware platforms for AI
compute. So, in short, they are
enclosures, think of something like a
Megapack that contains compute hardware,
power distribution hardware, and cooling
hardware sold as a unit with
downloadable software for monitoring,
managing, optimizing, and regulating
modular AI compute hardware systems. In
short, this is likely part of the
hardware that will be required for Tesla
and xAI, and now SpaceX's digital
Optimus under the overall project name
Macro Hard. And this right here is why I
will keep encouraging everybody
listening to my voice right now to start
vibe coding something so you can
understand where things are headed.
Watching your computer code in real
time, or write and send emails, or clean
up entire folders. That's where this is
headed for Tesla and SpaceX. You just
give a command to your Tesla or SpaceX
app, and then digital Optimus will go
actually execute the task for you.
Remember, Elon said macro hard or
digital Optimus is a joint XAI and Tesla
project. Grok is the master conductor
navigator with deep understanding of the
world to direct digital Optimus, which
is processing and actioning the past 5
seconds of real-time computer screen
video and keyboard and mouse actions.
Grok is like a much more advanced and
sophisticated version of turn-by-turn
navigation software. You can think of it
as digital Optimus AI being system one,
the instinctive part of the mind, and
Grok being system two, the thinking part
of the mind. This will run very
competitively on the super low-cost
Tesla AI 4 around $650 paired with
relatively frugal use of the much more
expensive XAI Nvidia hardware. And it
will be the only real-time smart AI
system. This is a big deal. In
principle, it's capable of emulating the
function of entire companies. That's why
the program is called macro hard. Elon
also said it works in all AI 4 equipped
cars, so your car can do office work for
you when not driving. And here's the
payoff. We are also deploying millions
of dedicated digital Optimus units in
the field at superchargers where we have
around 7 gigawatts of available power.
And this megapack filing is likely the
exact hardware that Tesla will use to
provide these millions of dedicated
digital Optimus units. Now, yes, there
are plenty of unknowns here, like what
about the memory constraints with AI 4?
Will each user need to opt-in to this
digital Optimus to allow your car to be
part of this inference fleet? But,
having said that, I just want to drive
the point home. I think there's still a
fair number of people that think this is
years into the future, but the reality
is the capability is here right now, at
least from a software perspective. So,
whenever Tesla actually rolls this out,
let's just say you open the Tesla app,
give it a command, say, "I want to build
a website to promote my new book." And
then you go on explaining all of the
details. After that, Grok with the
Nvidia hardware, potentially in these
Megapods, will break the task down into
smaller steps. And effectively, Grok
will determine where to send each step
of work. Is it going to go to your AI 4
equipped vehicle to do inference? That's
system one level work, where it's moving
the mouse throughout the screen. Or
other parts that need more reasoning and
thinking, perhaps those are routed to
Megapods with Nvidia hardware inside or
some Tesla hardware as well. And to
oversimplify, then you have the two
pieces required, the AI 4 inference and
the more reasoning, deeper levels of
thinking through the Megapods. And yes,
these Megapods are expected to be
deployed at Supercharging locations
where Tesla already has the power
infrastructure set up. And again, more
questions like, "If I allow my AI 4
vehicle to be used for inference compute
by somebody else, how will I be
compensated for that?" And so yes, in a
sense, these Megapods are almost like
Tesla developing a new portable, modular
data center that they can plug and play
with the existing Supercharger
infrastructure. And so why will this be
such a big deal for Tesla whenever it
does happen? Well, one is the marginal
cost for this inference compute for
Tesla is effectively zero because
they've already paid for all of these AI
4 chips. And they've paid for the
cooling and the power to go with them.
So, the marginal hardware cost there is
effectively zero. The only added cost
will be the electricity needed from the
cars to power the chips. And if you're
not paying close attention in the AI
world right now, everything is boiling
down to the cost per token. It is no
longer about pure raw compute and how
high we can get the gigawatts to go. It
is now about how efficient your compute
is. Second, one of the biggest
bottlenecks right now in AI land is
access to power. Any new company trying
to bring new compute capacity online
sometimes has to wait years to get
everything set up. As Elon said, Tesla
already has around 7 gigawatts of
available power at superchargers that
they can now tap into, avoiding those
interconnection queues altogether. And
as we know, some supercharger locations
already have solar and Megapacks, which
is great for energy arbitrage and
smoothing out that power. A third
benefit, centralized data centers like
most other companies have lead to
bandwidth and latency challenges,
whereas Tesla having all of this
distributed inference compute and now
distributed level two compute with these
Megapods should be another structural
advantage when it comes to bandwidth and
latency and perhaps even privacy, being
able to keep more of that data locally.
And unfortunately, me with my Model 3, I
am the king of unused capacity. I think
the first year I had my vehicle, I drove
maybe 3,500 miles because I work from
home. And when we go places or take road
trips, usually we take Ashley's car. So,
I'd love to put my car with AI 4 onto
the network and perhaps receive a small
monthly payment every month for doing
so. And it should go without saying, but
if and when this happens, that makes
Tesla vehicles that much more
attractive, leading to even more utility
and better ROIs before we even talk
about true autonomy. So, yes, that's a
very introductory level of Megapod, but
I wanted to make sure it's out there as
I'm quite confident many people are
still sleeping on this opportunity, even
if it's not something that really starts
to develop until 2027. Given how far
into the weeds I have gone with vibe
coding, this is still one of the
projects I am most excited for at Tesla,
but I will caution everyone with
timelines. We know Tesla's hyper-focused
on robo-taxi right now, so Megapod and
digital optimist might not really be
material for Tesla until late 2027 into
2028. But, the main point I want to
make, this is not some sort of moonshot
type idea that may or may not work or
that has less than a 10% chance of
success. The software capability is
already here today. It's just a matter
of Tesla executing and getting the right
hardware in the right places. And as
Elon said commenting on SpaceX's
acquisition of Cursor, he said AI will
achieve Stockfish-level coding and
generalized computer use. Stockfish is
largely known as the most advanced
computer chess model. So, SpaceX still
has plenty of work to do when it comes
to enterprise code, but this generalized
computer use is digital optimist. And
the Cursor acquisition by SpaceX is
absolutely going to accelerate that
progress. Just a heads-up, 3W, the
sponsor of this video, is running its
Prime Day sale right now with some of
the biggest discounts of the year. And I
think most of you have seen the 3W
AutoLife mats we now use in both of our
Teslas. They have the full metal heel
plates with that vigor mold technology
for extra durability. And in my
experience with these mats for over a
year now, there has been zero lifting or
deformation so far. And where we live,
we have brutal winters, and these mats
were excellent at holding snow and water
in the mats thanks to the high edges.
And these mats are by far the easiest to
clean of any I've tested. You really can
restore them to like new no matter how
dirty they get. They have no odor thanks
to their Thorax eco-friendly material
that's 100% non-toxic, baby and
pet-safe, waterproof, and ultra-durable.
And thanks to the studs on the back of
the mats, in my experience, these have
not moved or shifted at all. The overall
fit is excellent, and the coverage is
top-notch, and 3W uses at least 50%
recycled materials. I could go on and
on, but the truth is, I could not be
happier with these mats, and as
mentioned, right now 3W AutoLife is
running its Prime Day floor mats sale
with some of the biggest discounts of
the year. So, be sure to check the links
in the description and use my discount
code to save on your next set of floor
mats. This post from me got some
traction, so I wanted to touch on it. It
said Tesla's name on California's DMV
autonomous testing list was changed from
Tesla to Tesla RoboTaxi LLC. They said
it suggests Tesla might soon get the
green light to launch RoboTaxi
operations in California. So, of course,
anything is possible, and frankly, I
thought Tesla would have done this
already in California, applied for the
permits that it needs, but this step in
and of itself really is nothing more
than an administrative change. Tesla has
not received any new permits officially.
So, it's certainly possible Tesla is
granted the permits it needs for true
RoboTaxi operations in California soon,
but I just want to be clear, this name
change by itself is no guarantee that's
happening soon. And looking at the
RoboTaxi dashboard, it's true, Tesla has
now been operating the RoboTaxi service
in Austin for 1 year. During that time,
there have been 18 incidents total, but
eight of those were other people being
at fault, not Tesla. And it's true that
Tesla's last incident where it was at
fault in Austin was back February of
this year. Personally, I'm 100%
comfortable saying the first year has
been very disappointing relative to
expectations. And yes, of course, I'm
glad they're taking safety extra
seriously. I'm glad they're moving away
from supervised vehicles. So, this is
one that I've already admitted months
ago that I really did not see coming.
So, I have learned a lot through this
process. It has informed my expectations
for Optimus, and I really hope it's done
the same for many of you. And we're now
down to just 7 days for Tesla to hit its
targets of launching in the next five
cities, which obviously at this point
feels very doubtful. And I certainly
still have confidence Tesla is going to
catch Waymo, but I'm now confident it
will not be this year. And I just have
to say, if anybody you listen to is
still saying Tesla's going to have
10,000 robotaxis this year,
respectfully, their credibility should
be called into question. And in case you
saw this post from The Kilowatts, where
they showed a Tesla with an authorized
limousine permit that expires at the end
of January next year, it was indeed
issued from San Francisco and from the
San Francisco International Airport.
Just know, all this permit does is give
Tesla's existing limousine-type service
that requires a supervisor access to the
San Francisco Airport. This is not an
autonomous vehicle CPUC permit, the new
one that Tesla still needs. It's really
just Tesla's existing ride-hail service
in California that can now access the
San Francisco Airport. And just so
everybody's up to speed, the ability to
converse with Grok in your Tesla like,
"Hey Grok, turn right here. Drop us off
here. Drop us at the entrance first and
then park far away." Elon said that
functionality will be here in about 3
months or so. And yes, I will be adding
that to the new and improved Elon
tracker that can be found at the
lumis.com and then just click on
dashboards. And Joe Tegtmeyer shared
some new video footage from Giga Texas
today of about 10 cybercabs out on the
new test track. And Sladoch, who's on
the ground in Houston, said he counted
55 Cybercabs at the Houston Robo-taxi
hub, up from 45 2 days ago. And he did
share a short video of the parking lot
in its current form, full of Cybercabs
and Model Ys. And he also said that
Robo-taxi rides are now available in
Houston as early as 7:00 a.m. And here's
the screenshot to confirm. And the word
is the same is also true in Dallas. But
remember, to date these service hours
have been somewhat fluid for Tesla. So,
just because it's earlier now, doesn't
mean it'll stay that way permanently.
And on the Texas Department of Licensing
and Regulation website, Tesla has a
newly registered project as of June 16th
this year. It has a start date of
October 19th this year and a completion
date of April 15th, 2027. Estimated
cost, $5.2 million.
And the type of work is renovation,
alteration. Square footage, 38,900
ft. And here's that exact location pin
on a map. It is just south of the heart
of Houston. And here is the Google Maps
Street View. The only problem with this
is this photo was captured July 2022.
So, the site likely looks very different
right now. And based on the filing, we
know there is now a building on this
location and Tesla will be renovating
the interior. And yes, this is a
different location than the Robo-taxi
hub for cleaning and service and
maintenance that we saw a few weeks
back. Tesla's also renovating a building
at that location, but these two
locations are about 45 minutes apart
from each other. And don't forget, Tesla
has its new Megapack factory just
outside of Houston, and that location is
about an hour away from this new
location. So, we don't know officially
if it's for Megapacks or Robo-taxis, but
Tesla is definitely up to something in
Houston. And in the video from Sladoch,
you can see Tesla did put up a black
privacy screen along the fence at the
main robotaxi lot in Houston. The
National Road Authority in Spain has
said that Tesla's supervised FSD has
driven over 171,000
mi of public road testing without a
single serious incident reported.
Tesla's 30-car fleet has been running
since November 2025 and is by far the
most active tester on that list. That
scale sets Tesla apart from everyone
else in the registry as it dwarfs every
other entry and the largest figure
reported by any other operator is the
bus group Alsa at about 1,456
km, which is about 900 mi. The only
other company testing level two
passenger cars in Spain is Wave with
just three vehicles while the rest of
the list is autonomous buses and
shuttles at SAE level four, but usually
only running one or two at a time. And
remember, Belgium's public road testing
aim was about 3,000 mi and in Spain
FSD's already up over 171,000
mi. Danny shared some photos of the
Tesla Semi with the ground truth
validation equipment rigged up. He said,
"I saw this plus two different cyber
cabs within 5 minutes of driving in
Sunnyvale, California. And there was not
a trailer on that unit. So, it's
encouraging to see, but given how things
have gone so far, I'm not expecting
unsupervised FSD to be in the
conversation for the Tesla Semi until
2028 at the earliest. I'm sure many of
you have seen the egregious reporting
about that Tesla that was supposedly
using autopilot that crashed into a home
in Texas and very sadly killed the woman
inside the home.
As you could briefly see in that video,
the Tesla was flying. And as we've seen
many times before in these situations
where the driver tries to blame it on
autopilot when the data actually comes
out from the vehicle, it turns out
that's not the case. I'd be quite
confident that'll be the case this time
around, so we'll just have to wait for
more information. But we also know that
sadly, once these headlines are out
there and they're read by hundreds of
thousands of people, even if the truth
comes out later that contradicts all of
these slanderous headlines, their
perception of Tesla's FSD is not going
to change. But this is the world we live
in, it's part of why I do what I do. We
just have to, one person at a time, try
to set the record straight. And with
beautifully serendipitous timing, as I
was recording this, Elon said, "This
makes no sense. FSD drives slowly
through neighborhood streets, and this
was a high-speed crash." And A Shouk
said, "In this case, the driver manually
overrode self-driving by pressing the
accelerator all the way to 100% of the
pedal in this residential area. They hit
a speed of 73 mph during the crash and
had the accelerator pressed even after
the crash." So, there you have it,
exactly as expected. And you know what?
I have to say it, shame on you, Michael
Butler, the driver of that Tesla vehicle
that is trying to place the blame on
Tesla instead of taking accountability
and responsibility yourself. This is
such a big problem in our culture, the
failure to take accountability or
responsibility for anything. And Joe
Tetzmeyer shared this image of the
progress at the Optimus factory at Giga
Texas, the one that will eventually have
that 10 million unit per year capacity.
So, things are fully underway, and we
can reasonably expect this facility to
be done sometime toward the end of 2027.
SpaceX filed a new 8-K today and said as
of June 19th this year, it held about
$100.8
billion in cash and cash equivalents.
And in the 8-K, SpaceX announced a new
notes offering. They did not give an
amount, but they said the company
intends to use the net proceeds from the
notes offering to repay the outstanding
borrowings under its bridge loan
facility in full. So, this is
effectively SpaceX looking to replace
its short-term bridge loan debt with
longer-dated debt. And yes, just to be
clear, that over $100 billion in cash
and equivalents was including the IPO
proceeds. So, basically SpaceX will be
looking to keep that $100 billion of
cash it now has, and separately they'll
be looking to replace about $20 billion
of short-term higher rate debt with
roughly $20
of longer-term lower-rate debt. And yes,
oversimplifying SpaceX could
theoretically pay off the debt it has
and still have about $80 billion in
cash, but we know SpaceX is going on a
spending spree and Terrab will be a big
part of that. So, believe it or not,
SpaceX is going to need every bit of
that $100 billion of cash over the next
few years. And part of the reason SpaceX
could get better rates on the long-term
debt is because SpaceX did receive an
investment-grade credit rating from
Fitch for this new bond offering, as
this post was reposted by Eamon. And all
three major rating agencies now rate
SpaceX as investment-grade. Also today,
SpaceX signed a major compute power
agreement with Reflection AI, and under
this agreement, Reflection will get
immediate access to Nvidia GB300s that
they'll use to train and run advanced
models, and they've agreed to pay SpaceX
$150 million per month starting July 1st
this year running through 2029. The
payments would total about $6.3 billion
if the agreement runs through the end of
its term. But just like the deals with
Cursor and Google, either company can
end the contract with 90 days notice
after the first 3 months. Similar
because all of these deals could end up
being short-term in nature. As we've
been saying, these compute leasing deals
can quite quickly change all of these
valuation and revenue multiples for
SpaceX. Deals have been signed with
Anthropic, Google, Cursor, and now
Reflection. So, Anthropic at $1.2
billion a month, Google at just under $1
billion a month, and now Reflection at
$150 million a month, that all works out
to a roughly $28 billion annual revenue
run rate just from these three deals
alone. And important to note, Reflection
was founded by two former Google
DeepMind engineers. And Reflection is
actually focused on American-based
open-source models. And their mission is
to build frontier open intelligence. So,
they're an alternative to all of these
frontier closed-source models and are
competing with many of the open-source
models from China. And as ARK Invest
just showed, if you look at SpaceX's
cost to build roughly 1 gigawatt of
compute, it's in the neighborhood of
we'll call it $26 billion.
But looking at the compute leasing deal
with Google, SpaceX was bringing in over
$53 billion
per gigawatt. Said another way, that's a
2x on their investment and over a 100%
return. And remember, if these deals
turn out to be long-term in nature,
they'd be getting that money every year.
So, just more proof that these compute
deals can be very, very profitable.
Tesla stock closed the day at $405.05,
up 1.14%.
Meanwhile, SpaceX closed the day at
$154.60,
down 16.43%.
This while the Nasdaq was down 0.19%.
Don't forget check out 3WMats, linked
below. By far, my favorite Tesla mats we
have ever used. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.