Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will The SpaceX +Tesla Merger Be BAD Short Term?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFoRCdnZptU
Published:   2026-05-19 22:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-19 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone. Today we have the
great CERN Basher on the show. I don't
even need to introduce CERN. Who doesn't
know CERN? CERN is the mastermind
analyst on Tesla. One of the some of the
best models for Tesla and Roboaxi come
from CERN. We have of course CERN the
the space mind, right? It's about SpaceX
and also we talked about micro strategy.
But today we are going to focus on
SpaceX and Tesla and the merger and the
big debate that's going on all over the
place. I think Rebellionaire started the
whole thing by saying this is all a bad
idea. We will all be betrayed by this
Tesla merger as Tesla shareholders. So I
want to jump right in with CERN. Welcome
CERN. Of course.
&gt;&gt; Yo, it's great to be here. Thank you for
that kind introduction. And I feel like
I'm one of many, many people in the
Tesla community that contribute to
helping everybody understand this
company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but
&gt;&gt; I don't know that I have anything great
to share, but collectively we're we're
pretty strong.
&gt;&gt; I think we have a unique setup with
Tesla that we have actually a series of
original thinkers, which is very rare.
It's rare in journalism and it's rare in
financial analysis. normally one dude on
boots on the ground in Iraq that writes
something up and then everyone copies
him. And the same is true
&gt;&gt; when it comes to finance. There's one
guy normally for a stock who thinks of
something and then all the banks copy
this guy. Here it's a little different.
We have CERN as an original thinker and
a few others. So let's talk about it.
The Space X IPO is coming up very soon.
We hear all kinds of cool information
and the merger is of course unclear if
it happens or not but Alexandra and some
other experts think it will definitely
happen. Chamath said it's 99% sure. I
personally also think it's very sure. So
first of all, what is your thinking?
Does it happen? How sure are you? And
when?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. I think when
there's people that are close to Elon,
like Jamath, when people like that are
talking about it, that gives you, I
think, a pretty strong signal. You know,
I think it was Chamath that that had
suggested that that SpaceX do something
with Tanthropic, right? And lo and
behold, 10 days later, a deal is
announced.
&gt;&gt; I think it was like two two days later
or something,
&gt;&gt; right? So, was it really his suggestion
or was it really just him kind of in the
know? So, I think we need to listen to
those tea leaves. So, you know, whatever
we may think, you need to be aware of
what others are saying and somebody that
that would would know like Jamath is
close enough to Elon that he he might
know. Now, obviously, he has to be very
careful about what he says, and whether
he is or not, I guess, remains to be
seen. What do I personally think? Well,
if I'm putting on my very long-term hat,
it is very clear that both of these
companies would be better together than
apart. If I if I'm not worried about the
stock price impact and all that, just
putting the two companies together, the
collective enterprise would be in a
better place because Elon wouldn't be
shackled by any issues between what's
fair between the two companies. He could
run it like one company and just
optimize everything like he does for
Tesla and SpaceX. However, it's not that
simple. He's got two different sets of
shareholders and certainly some
shareholders own both, but two very
different sets of shareholders in that
regard. And so the question is then it
comes down to timing and and and what's
the fair exchange between the two. I
understand the viewpoint of many Tesla
shareholders of we've been waiting for
Roboaxi. We've been waiting for a
rerating of Tesla stock. That robo taxi
is not fully reflected in Tesla stock.
Sure, Tesla has a high PE, but it's
nothing compared to what's coming in
terms of the growth of Tesla. I get
that. Also, I'm listening to people that
are in the know on SpaceX, and I'm
hearing what they're saying about the
future potential of that company. And
so, I've publicly challenged the
narrative, and I've taken a few slings
and arrows for it of, oh, Tesla is due
for a rerating. SpaceX has already had
their move. Tesla therefore is going to
outperform. We should therefore let
SpaceX come to market, let Tesla
outperform and then consider a merger a
year or two down the road. So I've
raised the issue, well that's great, but
what happens if SpaceX stock continues
to outperform Tesla? SpaceX, in my mind,
is a unique company. It's one of one,
and it's going after probably one of the
biggest market opportunities that
humanity's ever created, and that's the
quote unquote continent of space.
Imagine being able to invest in North
America back in the early days and being
able to buy up all the land ahead of
everybody else. Well, this is what
SpaceX effectively has the opportunity
to do. Sure, there are some issues about
when is that actual revenue ramp going
to really happen for SpaceX. Certainly
Starlink, there's some exciting things
there in terms of the orbital data
center opportunity. That's maybe a few
years out and we can talk more about
that. But still, what's the value of a
company that no one right now can
compete with that has this blue sky
opportunity of space?
&gt;&gt; Black sky.
&gt;&gt; Black sky opportunity to coin a new
term. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I would agree with that only
that on top of agreeing with you, I
think America is a nice example, but we
talking about something bigger. In case
you are not familiar, if in case the
viewers are not familiar with geography,
it's not even geography. Spaceography
uh space is significantly larger than
North America. I don't know the exact
number something infinite probably
&gt;&gt; orders of magnitude
&gt;&gt; infinite orders of mag yeah yeah it's
very large this thing and has a lot of
space free space and I think the most
important and meaningful thing that
changed for me in November last year for
Elon probably not much before that
probably a year before I got it is that
there is a business model now because
it's great to have space same thing it's
great to have America but it needed like
whatever it was Beaver furs, I don't
know, timber, something like they
figured out something they can transport
back. Someone did the math and like,
wait, I sent a ship, it comes back. I
have more money than before. How much of
that stuff exists in North America? Oh,
infinity. Maybe I should build infinity
ships and send infinity settlers. That's
exactly what happened. But it only can
happen once the ship comes back and has
more money. Una has more money than he
had before. That's like a very magic
moment. And that magic moment was
completely missing in space. It was
sending ships out and having 10 billion
dollars less every time until until very
recently. Starink was the first little
thing. But now we have orbital AI. And
it seems like that is truly the biggest
business model ever because by
definition it's infinite. It's that's
what I find so fascinating. That's a
business model where you don't need any
fantasy. It works from day one. It's
profitable from day one. if the orbital
launch costs are below a certain
threshold and then you can scale the
exact business model into infinity.
That's very fascinating.
&gt;&gt; Infinity is an interesting number. And
what does infinity mean on the valuation
of a company that has an infinitity like
opportunity?
&gt;&gt; Something big, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Something big. And it's going to defy
traditional valuation metrics. Anybody
that says SpaceX is trading at a PE of X
or a revenue multiple of Y is missing
what's happening here and missing where
the value is. The other thing too I
would just add to what you're saying is
let's imagine that on earth we develop a
new source of energy and the cost of
that is 1/210enth
of the cheapest cost of energy we have
on the planet today. What do you think
would happen in that situation? Well,
you would have a rush of development to
that source of energy wherever that may
be in the world and it could be if it's
in Antarctica that's where the
development would go. Okay, now it's in
space and you're creating this cheap
abundant source of energy in space. What
do you think is going to happen? Well,
you're going to have a rush of activity
into space. And it's not just orbital
data centers. It's not just
communication satellites. It's
everything that you can think of that
uses energy
in large amounts. Not to mention the
manufacturing processes that could
benefit from being in a low G or zerog
environment. And there's a whole bunch
of those. That's the bigger opportunity
here. Orbital data centers is is big
enough, but I'm just adding to that and
saying there's a lot more too. There's
going to be a lot more demand for
SpaceX's launch services beyond Google's
and Amazon's and Microsoft and whoever
else putting data centers in space along
with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I agree. But I think the
special situation is that these data
centers could be truly an infinite
business opportunity because the
question is how much intelligence do we
need? And I think the answer is infinite
because intelligence is the only good
that converts directly into economic
growth. Like directly into economic
value with no ceiling cuz as long as you
want to do something, you need more
intelligence. And I assume people keep
wanting to do something. And that's the
exciting thing that this is a truly
infinitely scalable business model. Not
to discount any of what you said. Of
course, there's much much more to do,
but having one infinity thing is already
good. And I think that's I think that's
important to understand. You can you can
build infinitely like infinity numbers
of gigawatt data centers in space and
will always be able to sell the tokens
and we will always be short of tokens
into eternity until this thing kills us
probably. But that's a different story
for a different time. So that's why I'm
so excited. this is truly infinitely
scalable once you once you crack the
initial economics and that could be very
close.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting though and you would
know this as an economist is that you're
going to have competition for who gets
that launch. So the question is then
who's going to pay the most for the
launch. Even though launch costs are
coming down, it's going to be
constrained for a while until they start
launching thousands of them a year. And
the question is then who's going to be
willing to pay the launch costs of
getting their data center, their
manufacturing process into space? And so
that's kind of interesting too to think
about. Are the companies looking to put
data centers in space, the ones that'll
be willing to pay the most, or will
somebody else come along and say, "No,
actually, I want to put my Bitcoin
mining in space, or no, I want to put my
pharmaceutical manufacturing in space,
or whatever other examples there are."
That's going to be interesting to see
how that plays out. That that may be a
surprise to people who think it's just
going to be orbital data centers that
launches along with Starlinks. I'm here
to say that there may be some other
companies, other industries lining up to
say no, we actually would like to put
our stuff in space too,
&gt;&gt; including the air force, which is one of
the most important or the space force, I
don't know,
&gt;&gt; space force
&gt;&gt; government. And that's something I'm
working on a video on that. That is a
very important thing that besides all
the commercial interest in space there's
this national security interest of
enormous proportions because since the
dawn of war owning the higher ground was
a key success factor for winning any war
from artillery to whatever like you need
to be higher than the enemy and what's
the highest thing you can be space
&gt;&gt; right and if you dominate space I mean I
don't need to explain to anyone what
that means you you own the satellites
you can shoot down the other satellites
you would knock out any enemy, right? If
you dominate space like that and that's
also a very interesting national
security issue with SpaceX for every
other country, right? What is what does
it actually mean for Russia and China
and Europe? Like for everyone, are they
completely beaten at this point? Cuz
once you dominate space like that, it's
also the nuclear threat. Everything is
gone. I mean, for you, for the other
guys, it's the opposite. They they are
completely sitting ducks. They just have
to obey. And so that's going to be a
very interesting topic. um like can
China or whoever like use SpaceX or is
this completely taboo? What if a Chinese
company wants to book something to shoot
an AI satellite into space? Like is that
allowed? I don't even know. Is
everything just American companies? If
it's a European company, what if they
have a contract with a Chinese company
and put in their chips? And this goes
right into national security because if
you have a million Chinese AI
satellites, like who even knows what
they do? Like they could be non. There's
a new contract, defense contract for
Starling up where staling delivers
intelligence for 1.7 billion a year to
the Pentagon. So once you have all the
Chinese satellites on SpaceX up and so
this is going to be interesting. Is it
just taboo? It's just not allowed to
accept any foreign deal or what? So we
are talking about a whole new thing and
on top of that these satellites whoever
shoots them up Google soon Oracle,
Microsoft and Amazon in my opinion but
Google and XAI of course under what laws
do they operate? Is that just their own
country space they can do whatever they
want up there? That's another
interesting thing.
&gt;&gt; I think that remains to be seen. I think
as long as it's around Earth I'm sure
that the quote unquote laws on Earth
will apply. But what's clear to me is
that we're going to also put weapons
system up into space. One to protect the
AI data centers and other valuable
satellites that are up there. So that's
interesting. And then of course the
conflicts are in space. And of course if
you as you mentioned the high ground,
you you want to make sure that you've
got superior capabilities over anybody
else. We certainly are not going to be
happy if China puts up a bunch of
military weapons systems into space that
has the potential to destroy all the
satellites that we've ever launched.
We're not going to stand for that. So,
there's going to be another arms race in
space. And from a commercial standpoint,
I suppose that's good for for SpaceX,
but it's going to raise a whole another
set of issues of mutually assured
destruction kind of scenarios. Again,
unfortunately, that's just the reality
of it. But it's a it's an interesting
thing that the United States has a
monopoly with SpaceX. So how do you I
mean not a monopoly but a 99%
topy like they basically dominate
completely dominate orbit lift uh
infrastructure for the next 10 years or
something or longer. So that's an
interesting situation.
&gt;&gt; And back to the Tesla plus SpaceX merger
scenario. If you want to inoculate
yourself from government interference,
you merge the two companies because the
government needs SpaceX and therefore
the government needs SpaceX plus Tesla
if they're combined.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's let's talk about this s
because there is a lot of concern in the
Tesla community about this. And I think
the more you think about this, the more
it becomes crystal clear that a merger
is super beneficial for Tesla
shareholders long-term, maybe midterm.
So depending what that means, 3 years, 2
years. So I think we if we had an an
honest discussion with the entire
community, I think I could get everyone
to agree this is very strong the long
term. So the main concern is and I heard
this from some of in my community said
Joe I'm like whatever 70 years old I
need my money. I waited for 5 years. I
don't want to wait another 36 months and
take a hit on something that would now
go up very likely. And first I was
instinctively saying dudes you're wrong
on this. Then I did my math and I do
think actually that this will be
shortterm bad for Tesla because I
believe the SpaceX IPO will be very
hyped and we can discuss this maybe
first. What do you think where SpaceX
stock will be one year from the IPO?
Higher or lower than the IPO and by what
margin in 12 months from the IPO? Well,
I can I can throw out a guess and I my
guess would be higher, but I'm I'm fully
aware that there's no way to know.
There's so many different things that
could happen between now and then.
SpaceX again for me is a one of one kind
of company. They're pursuing a unique
opportunity as you mentioned is
virtually infinite. What kind of
valuation do you put on a company that
is infinite? This is unheard of. Like we
we're breaking new ground in terms of
valuation for a company like SpaceX.
It's going to be certainly limited in
the short term by their ability to put
Starships up into space. And certainly,
you know, we heard today that that Elon
is making 10 more Starships this year,
five more boosters, and that's max
capacity. Well, that's not enough.
Obviously, they'll they'll ramp that
over time. Hey, on this channel, we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, I I do think that SpaceX
will do very well at the IPO. The shares
are going to be in massive demand. We've
got this whole index buying thing. So we
could see a meltup and the higher the
meltup then I think the bigger the
subsequent sort of you know downturn
might be but it might only be for 3 or 6
or 9 months and then some of the things
that SpaceX is working on starts to
catch up and some of the excitement
starts to build as we see more progress
towards orbital data centers. I could
easily see SpaceX then reaching new
highs on that again. Now I don't know
what the time frame of that is. It might
be a year or two or three depending on
delays. But I do have some probability
that SpaceX has this IPO at 1.75
trillion. It trades up to 2.25 trillion
and keeps going because we've never seen
an opportunity like this. Again, it's
like the Dutch East India company that
just has a market opportunity like no
other company.
&gt;&gt; Well, my concern is here's what I think.
I think there's no doubt if the mark
unless the market crashes now which
might happen but let's see what Iran and
everything does and oil but let's assume
we stay where we are or go up I think
the odds that this will be super hyped
is very high because when the market is
bullish to your point infinite TAM and a
lot of people get that even Fidelity
private you know the private investment
ar everyone gets it which is surprising
my concern is this runs on fumes of
course of hope unless until you get the
cash flow forcing function in, right?
Everyone knows that. And the problem is
between then and now and then, you
basically rely on the market being
bullish because you know how it is. If
everyone panics and freaks out, then
everyone says whatever, no cash, like
just get it down to a trillion, just cut
it in half.
&gt;&gt; That will definitely happen in a crash
because no one even cares and the
stories are out of the window.
The longer you have between the IPO in
that point in time, the more risk you
take that there will be some crash
correction of the market and this thing
just gets completely brutally hit
because it's a growth like a fantasy
stock. You can have the best fantasy and
the best story, you're still getting
killed when when things go south, right?
And so therefore, I think the odds are
high that we see a lower share price
between IPO and whatever that point. And
the risk assessment I have is like,
okay, what is that point? Is Starlink
enough to get this up or do we need
orbital data centers? I think we do need
orbital data centers, but I think there
might be a little sooner coming than
people think because it's not rocket
science, no pun intended, to build an AI
satellite. I think people vastly
overestimate how complicated this is.
Like it's basically 90% done at this
point and probably 100% end of the year
or 95%.
And I think it's all a function of
Starship. like when does Starship
actually work because that is rocket
science and that is a little risky but
it can go both directions we could be
done this year with this thing the
reusability and everything so what's
your estimate on so and what I said in
my model is that as Tesla shareholders I
think the odds that not merging is a
better deal for Tesla shareholders in
the next 12 months is actually high it
inlects around 12 to 18 months from now
where it's very likely that a merged
entity makes you way more money than
Tesla alone but until then you might
have made more money if you don't merge.
&gt;&gt; My estimation like I think even if
SpaceX goes up more, Tesla probably
would go up faster in the next 12 to 18
months. That's my estimation based on
the little modeling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, it's interesting. I'll take a
little diversion here, but I want to
come back to sort of SpaceX's business.
The diversion is that imagine you've got
a company that makes cars and along
comes a new idea to make them autonomous
and you've got a whole bunch of
shareholders in this car company that
say you promised that you would make 20
million cars. I want those promises to
be achieved before you go chasing
autonomy. Okay. Is there a parallel
today to that situation to today's
situation where you've got investors in
a company that say, "I want the promise
of autonomy that you've been telling me
about for the last 5 years to be
achieved before you go chasing another
opportunity of making chips and AI data
centers and merging with SpaceX and
introducing a whole another element to
this business. Are those two parallel
things?" My point with that is that
companies must always look to the long
term in positioning themselves, never
the short term. Now I I totally feel for
the shareholders and they want they want
the gains that they deserve but it's no
way to run a company. You don't want to
run a company just to reward a set of
shareholders. Put the future on hold and
then once that reward has happened then
shift gears because this AI thing is not
slowing down. I'm not sure if you've
noticed but things are moving pretty
fast. This is tricky because this this
gets very emotional for people really
fast and I've discovered this in in
trying to have this conversation online
is that many people feel like well this
opportunity with SpaceX will be here in
2 or 3 years. We don't need to act now.
And my point with that is well Elon's
going to decide that. That's not up to
us to force the two companies to merge.
My point is let's not be against it
because you want to see a short-term
gain in Tesla. If Elon thinks it makes
sense to merge the two companies, he's
going to have to make the case for
everybody else that it needs to happen
now and not 18 months from now or 3
years from now. Ultimately, that's
that's what it comes down to. And then
then of course it's going to have to be
structured enough so that Tesla
shareholders think that this ratio
between the two companies is attractive
enough to vote for. It's one thing to
Elon Freeland to want it. It's another
thing for him to sell it to
shareholders. At the end of the day,
that's where I come down on that. I
think people also have to realize
whatever any anyone anyone thinks what
is going to happen we don't know like
the assumption that Tesla alone would
give you more higher returns in the next
12 months then emerged energy is is
complete speculation of course you might
be right you might not be right there
might be a delay in robo taxi there
might be an acceleration with orbital AI
there might be surprise government
contracts for SpaceX which we can be
sure of by the way in my opinion that
there was like massive defense contracts
coming very quickly on a massive scale.
So,
&gt;&gt; you know, I wouldn't be so sure about
these things. And to your point, yes, it
sounds a little lame, but we have to
trust Elon to some extent because we are
living through the singularity and
things are moving extremely fast. Look
at Anthropic. Anthropic has a shot of
becoming the world's largest company
within 12 months or something from
nothing. It's completely nuts. So, this
is the singularity. Things are moving
extremely fast. If you're Elon, you have
limited time and management attention.
Having a merged entity and thinking in a
singular mission, right, to create
abundance and also infinite AI and
everything is much much easier in merged
energy for him. So I think we have to
see all these probabilities and balance
them out. So CERN to wrap it up, here
comes the key question. In a merger,
what do you think in terms of concrete
numbers? Is it a merger of equals? Does
it mean Tesla shares will now
approximate the value of SpaceX
automatically? Will the market say,
well, since this will be a merger of
equals probably have to boost Tesla, so
even if they wanted to pay a premium
SpaceX to Tesla, they can't. And then
there's a risk that Tesla actually like
for us a positive risk. But what if
Roboaxi actually does what we think it
will do this year and actually repric
the stock to a,000 or whatever and then
Tesla is worth more than SpaceX? Does
that derail the whole operation? Like
can you merge SpaceX into Tesla or other
way around with Tesla being more
valuable than SpaceX? There are
operational issues here because we are
on a timeline. And finally, do you think
Elon has an incentive of keeping Tesla
down? Because that is a big question cuz
a bigger if Tesla becomes bigger than
two trillion, what do you do as how do
you do the murder? Is that still
possible? I think that's a problem. But
what do you think about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with you. I think it
becomes a bit problematic. Certainly, it
seems like a merger of equals is
probably the easiest route. And if that
happens now and and SpaceX is at 2
trillion and the merger's announced,
then then Tesla floats up or SpaceX also
floats down. There's probably some
middle point that they float to. But I
think you do run the risk of if Tesla
gets way ahead of SpaceX or if SpaceX
happens to get way ahead of Tesla, which
by the way, again, I think there's some
probability that's possible. And just a
quick quick diversion there. SpaceX
could easily announce contracts with
Anthropic for orbital data centers.
They've already announced intent or
interest. I also understand they're
talking to Google about this. So what
happens if Google announces that they've
contracted with SpaceX for a thousand
Starship launches or whatever number of
orbital data centers that might be.
These are material things that could be
announced anytime that suddenly could
spike the valuation of SpaceX. So I
think as Tesla investors I think we have
to be very careful with what we wish for
here. We want Tesla to perform. We don't
want SpaceX to perform. But you know
what? SpaceX is not standing still at
all. So I think this is very tricky.
Again, this is why I say we have to
leave it up to Elon's judgment here
because he he's the only one that knows
everything that's going on with these
two companies. And there's more than any
of us could possibly be aware of,
particularly as it relates to government
contracts and other commercial contracts
potential, particularly as it relates to
robo taxi ramping. But I I do think it
is a very important debate and I'm not
blaming rebellionire for bringing this
up or people who are long-term investors
who bet on everything and now are
disappointed potentially because I do
agree if I'm totally objective. I agree
that Tesla running up and SpaceX sitting
still or going down a little bit which I
think is the most likely outcome because
it will be very hyped and I agree it's
not going to stand still but you know
Starship SpaceX is very dependent on
Starship being ready and it's just not
ready yet and so Google is not going to
sign trillions of dollars if they can't
deliver it. So yeah, it can change in an
instant. It can change by Q4 because
Starship might be ready. We have this
Wednesday like a launch. It's like a big
deal. But if Tesla runs up too much,
it's definitely not making things easier
for for the whole merger. It's going to
be if Tesla is 50% more valuable than
SpaceX or something, which can
absolutely happen, right? With a little
robo taxi, then we have a problem. And
that implies that there is a conflict of
interest cuz of course Elon could hold
it back, right? And he's sandbagging
robo taxi and everything. So I think
being like building trust and confidence
in the community is more crucial than it
was ever before for Elon and the
leadership right that everyone thinks
it's all clean and tight because there
is mis there is there is uh doubt and I
think I understand where it's coming
from because it makes economic sense
that there is doubt right because I do
think to be totally frank there is an
incentive to not have Tesla go to a,000
of 1500 and not launch tons of robo
taxis right now. I'm not saying that
this means they're actually holding
back, but I'm I think there's a clear
incentive.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting because I think that a
lot of that is probably projection. Like
for example, if I was Elon, right? I'm
not CERN Basher is not worth a trillion
dollars. Therefore, I might try to tilt
this in my economic favor. I don't think
Elon operates like that. So, I think a
lot of those comments are people
projecting their own thoughts onto
Elon's behavior. I don't think that's
right. For Elon, it is not about the
money. It certainly may be about
control, and is certainly clear he has
more control with SpaceX shares than he
does with Tesla. Although, with Tesla,
he's on a path to gaining a lot more
control with the success of Tesla's
business. So, he has ample incentive, I
think, with both companies. I really
don't think that that Elon is
intentionally trying to hold Tesla back
and and so on and playing that game. I
don't think that Elon plays those games.
And I think, by the way, he'd have to be
very careful if he did that. If he made
a comment to anybody on Tesla's team
that, oh, we're holding Robo Taxi back
because I want this, that, the other
thing. He's asking for a lawsuit and and
all kinds of problems if he does that
kind of thing.
&gt;&gt; I also agree with you. I think there is
a clear incentive. I think money doesn't
matter, but frictionless execution
matters. And if Tesla goes too big, it's
creates a giant headache for Elon. So
there is an incentive of holding it back
but to your point I think the way Elon
thinks he would never do that because
you just creating massive potential
issues. So it's a for Elon I think it's
not about the money it's about the
leanest path the fastest path Tesla
going up like crazy not great but
interfering with anything creates
potential massive disruption right
because if that ever I mean then that
would be very bad and it's very hard to
do it and not tell anyone like how do
you even do it then because you have a
giant team I I think there's an
incentive of holding robo taxi back but
I don't think they're doing it that's my
bottom line because it's too risky and
too complicated. And on top of that, if
you're Elon, you also think about the
world in probabilistic terms. You say, I
can't even be sure of anything, right?
So, it's trying to steer some infinity
complexity. Not smart. Better to execute
first principles on both sides quickly
and then do what needs to be done. I
think this complicated 10D chess never
works. And uh Elon definitely knows that
cuz he's smart.
&gt;&gt; The way I think about it conceptually is
that, and this is kind of silly, but I
think it's instructional. Elon was sent
to us by another planet. He's an alien
that's here to help guide humanity to
the next level. And I think if you look
at it through that lens, as silly as
that is, I think that helps understand a
little bit his motivations. He wants to
make sure that he gets to Mars in his
lifetime. What does he have to do to get
there? Well, literally, it's moving
heaven and earth. That's his motivation.
He is not worried about the short-term
stock price of Tesla. I'm sorry to
report it to you. He doesn't care where
Tesla stock is this year, next year.
He's trying to optimize the value of
Tesla and SpaceX over the very long
term. He's probably got a longer time
horizon than anybody else. And that's I
think what makes it very frustrating for
investors because we wish that he was a
bit more short-term minded and could get
us these little stairst steps along the
way. He's not worried about that at all.
&gt;&gt; He gave it away by saying if anyone
should have seen aliens, it's mean. I
haven't seen any. I knew it at that
point. It's like Elon, you're not human.
You're an alien.
&gt;&gt; He's looking in the mirror.
&gt;&gt; I looked in the mirror. So yeah, very
good s I think that was excellent. I
think we gave the viewers a little bit
of feel of uh what might happen here. So
let's see what happens. It's going to be
an exciting June with very likely IPO
and then we will see what happens. But
I'm not selling any Tesla shares, that's
for sure. And I think we'll be in good
hands because most the very the most
likely outcome here is that Tesla shares
will be much higher than they are now.
If you look at two trillion, what that
means and so on and so forth. So, thank
you so much, CERN. And we have more
series with CERN coming up very soon.
So, see you guys there. Thanks, Cern.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joe.