Channel:     electrified
Title:       It's Time: The Tesla/SpaceX Merger Conundrum & Cybercab's Launch Date ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLLIkLLO_nw
Published:   2026-08-17 22:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, Jeffrey D. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. A few
weeks ago, I told you guys in the future
we would go over Elon's control and
voting power at SpaceX. And today is the
day. And no worries, I will keep this as
brief as possible so you all have the
key takeaways and the most important
information to vote if and when we have
this merger proposal. And listen, there
is still a nonzero% chance that this
merger or acquisition between SpaceX and
Tesla never happens. However, based on
all the public information we have and
all of Elon's commentary, I do think it
is more likely than not. And so, from
that standpoint, I just want everybody
to be as informed as possible ahead of
the vote. And because this is such a
complicated topic, we will go bit by bit
so it's easier to digest. So, based only
on the most recent public filings from
SpaceX, here's what we have.
Economically, Elon owns 48% of SpaceX,
but he has over 80% of the voting
control. So, I want to draw your focus
to the box in the middle, the dual class
structure of SpaceX. We have class A and
class B. Class A shares are what we have
at Tesla. One share gets one vote. But
at SpaceX, they have a separate class,
which is class B. So, every class B
share has 10 votes. And so zooming out
for SpaceX as a whole, for class A
shares, there's about 7.7 billion shares
outstanding. And for class B, there's
roughly 5.5 billion shares outstanding.
So of the roughly 13 billion shares
outstanding at SpaceX, Elon owns about
6.4 billion of them. Now, you'll see
this as converted class A. This
breakdown right here, this is all of
Elon's shares. But the way they do it,
this would be as if all of his class B
shares were converted to class A just to
determine the overall economic
ownership. So you can see of those 6.4
billion shares that Elon owns, 3.9
billion are class B shares that are held
in trusts. Another 1.3 billion shares
are restricted class B shares that Elon
holds personally. And the restricted
just means these have vesting
requirements, aka performance milestones
for SpaceX. We'll cover those in a
future video. And rounding out the 6.4
billion shares, Elon has roughly 849
million in class A shares in trust. And
then he owns 350 million class B
options. So clearly the majority of Elon
shares are indeed class B. Now why is
this so important? Because these class B
shares which act as a separate class are
responsible for electing 51% of the
SpaceX board. As of today, that board is
nine seats, which means the class B
shares are fully responsible for
electing five of those nine board
members. So again, five of those nine
SpaceX board seats are voted on by only
the class B shares, which Elon has the
majority of. And really the only other
people that are allowed to have class B
shares are people like Gwyn Shotwell and
I believe Ira Aaron Price and maybe a
small handful of others. But again,
their ownership of class B shares is
very small. We're talking tens of
millions max. So Elon has the majority.
Another reason why this is so important,
let's say SpaceX does acquire Tesla,
largely by issuing new class A shares.
That of course would take Elon's
economic ownership down below 48%. But
because these class B shares can only go
to Elon andor a few select people, Elon
would still maintain control for a
majority of the board seats, even if his
overall voting power somehow fell below
50%. For example, if SpaceX had to issue
an astronomical, pun intended, number of
class A shares to acquire Tesla, that
took Elon's voting control to 45% of all
outstanding shares, both class A and
class B, when they vote together. And an
example of that would be those remaining
four board seats. Those are chosen by a
combined vote of both class A and class
B shares. But even in that event, Elon
would still maintain the majority of the
class B shares, meaning he would still
control a majority of the board at
SpaceX. And that is crucial and the most
likely reason why this would be SpaceX
acquiring Tesla, where they would
maintain the SpaceX control picture.
Another important clarification, even
though 1.3 billion of Elon's class B
shares are restricted right now, meaning
he doesn't have full vesting control, he
does currently have voting control of
those shares. So, of course, that
scenario where SpaceX would have to
issue that many class A shares is very
unlikely. But the point is, even in that
event, class B shares are the only
shares that vote on five of the nine
board seats. meaning those class A
shares don't get a vote for five of the
nine which means Elon would maintain a
control of majority of the board and
based on what we saw Tesla deal with in
Delaware that is a good thing. Now,
sure, you can argue negatives here as
well. But look, at the end of the day,
if you don't trust Elon to lead the
company, then you really have to wrestle
with yourself and ask the question, am I
comfortable investing in these companies
moving forward? And again, any new class
B shares can only go to Elon and a
select group of people. Meaning if Elon
were for some reason to sell a portion
of these class B shares, they would be
converted to class A and be demoted
effectively to having one vote per
share. So the simple takeaway is this
dual class structure will protect Elon,
SpaceX, and potentially Tesla in the
event of a SpaceX acquisition of Tesla.
And yes, that of course assumes that you
trust Elon to lead these companies. And
this is the setup that would give Elon
the type of control he needs to guide
the company on these multi-deade type
goals. And he can do so without the risk
of being forced into short-term pressure
for stock optimization and more of a
focus on short-term quarterly earnings
performance. And as it stands now, these
five board seats elected only by class B
shares, they can only be removed by the
class B vote, which means it makes it
really hard for public shareholders or
any outsider to force a change in the
board's composition. So, it's a very
strong anti-takeover and anti-activist
protection. and the board majority at
SpaceX can approve these huge uncertain
investments. Whereas historically some
other public boards might be a bit more
resistant to things like that because
the payoffs are so uncertain and into
the future and it should be well
understood but the big decisions,
acquisitions, mergers, big equity
issuance or any structural change
requires board approval. So Elon
effectively controlling a majority of
the board seats gives him a practical
ability to move forward on those deals
that align with what he wants to get
done. And look, again, I'm not saying
this is all good because everything in
life ultimately does come with
trade-offs, but in this case, they
really all boil down to one thing. Do
you trust Elon or not? So hopefully that
visual helps you to understand Elon's
current economic ownership and voting
control at SpaceX right now because
clearly that's a key piece of
information for everyone to understand
to vote properly on a potential merger
or acquisition. For this one, I just
have to bring you guys behind the scenes
into a meeting I just had recently with
my wife for one of the business ventures
she's working on. And this video is
sponsored by Whisper Flow, which just
released yet another new feature, the
Whisper Flow Noteaker. If I find what my
label is inside Tik Tok, they already
want to push those videos out to people.
So, if I did well in like beauty or
whatever, then I would want to try and
sell beauty. I feel like it's like
harder to get to in the Tik Tok shop
app, like I don't understand like you
need to see it cuz you're not really in
Tik Tok.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm sure you saw on the screen you
have a live transcription as people are
speaking. You can easily add your own
notes throughout the call and it can
read the data from your Google calendar
invite so it gets all of the names
correct. And after the meeting, you will
have your notes, the full transcript
word for word with each person labeled
properly, which I can tell you not all
tools do well. And of course, you'll
have a summary, but in this case, it's
very useful. Some others will just give
you random points, but this one is
actually nailing what we need to do
next. And for the overall summary of the
call, it'll usually give you about a
twominute read of the entire
conversation. And right in the tool, you
can copy the conversation directly into
an MD file. And looking at the full
transcript, I was super impressed. It
actually got the names of these analytic
platforms perfectly right the first time
that Cal Data, Echo Tick, and Fasmos.
And these Tik Tok shopper names, which
are actually hard to get, it got all of
them right except Kobe Lane, which
probably had more to do with my lack of
pronunciation. But let's say you wanted
to correct that in the future. You can
build out Whisper Flow's dictionary over
time. So if it does make mistakes, you
can type in what it got wrong and then
put in the correction for the future,
save changes, and then it'll get it
after that. And what's slick is you can
connect Notetaker to any AI of your
choice to ask questions after the
meetings. What was the main thing Ashley
was struggling with from a recent Tik
Tok shop conversation? And there you go.
Notice how I didn't have to copy and
paste anything into cursor. I just asked
the question in a new window. it knew to
pull the Whisper Flow notetaker and find
that transcript and it gave me the
answer. Her biggest issue right now is
basically understanding the UI. So, this
is an awesome new tool from Whisper
Flow. This landscape changes quickly,
but I have to say right now when it
comes to understanding and getting the
words right and the ability to search
those past meetings to get answers you
need, Whisper Flow's not been the best
in my experience. And perhaps best of
all, Whisper Flow Notetaker is free to
use, but you can use the link in my
description or the promo code on desktop
to get 1 month of Whisper Pro with
unlimited meetings in Notetaker plus
unlimited words in Whisper Flow. Enjoy.
And just one point I wanted to add when
it comes to the Tesla shareholders
voting and how much control they have or
how much say they're going to have in
this whole thing. Alexandra Tesla Boomer
Mama has done a great job of covering
this and trying to get us a retail
figure. She's roughly somewhere in the
neighborhood of 15 to 20% retail
ownership of Tesla stock as of today.
That's contrary to what most of the
bigger publications would have it listed
at, and they're saying somewhere between
30 and 40% retail ownership. I just want
to make it clear, it is impossible to
know a precise figure because it's not
public information. So, all you can do
is deduce from what you have. And from
that standpoint, I'm not sure it's worth
going into the weeds on it. Personally,
I would land somewhere in between. I
think the most realistic outcome, the
conservative middle-of the road take
would be somewhere around 25% retail
ownership. And of course, that number
changes every day. But over the past few
years, it was fairly well understood
retail ownership was up over 40%. But
because institutions have been buying
Tesla and because of new shares being
issued for things like CEO performance
awards, that has led to greater insider
and institutional ownership of Tesla. So
the trend for Tesla stock retail
ownership over the past few years is
definitely on a downtrend, but the
specific figure is unknowable. And as
always, if and when we get an actual
proposal from SpaceX, we'll dive in to
make sure you can have an informed vote.
The information is reporting today that
Tesla is getting ready for an August
launch of the Cyber Cab without a
steering wheel in Austin. The article
didn't say a whole lot that we don't
already know, but importantly, it said
Tesla told staff it plans to begin
rollout by offering cyber cab rides to
Tesla employees on public roads and then
to start incorporating the vehicles into
the robo taxi service in Austin a few
days after that. While the end of August
is currently the internal target for the
public launch of the Cyber Cab, the
timeline could change as Tesla continues
to make final preparations. The article
said Tesla completed emergency training
with first responders in Austin last
week, teaching them how to handle issues
with the cyber cabs, like how to move
the vehicle out of the way if needed.
So, that's effectively the only new
information we would be learning from
that article. However, it's exciting if
you believe it. And as I've been saying,
just because they might launch with a
few cyber cabs does not mean they're
going to immediately be able to scale. I
think the most likely outcome is we see
somewhere between two and 10 cyber cabs
giving employees rides for a few days,
then they open it up to the public a few
days after that, but keep the CyberCab
fleet limited, maybe even in certain
portions of the current Austin Geoence
for the next few weeks after this Cyber
Cab debut. Some of you might recall in a
video back in early May, my initial
guess for when Cyber Cab would make its
robo taxi service debut was September
15th. Then a few weeks after that, I
said I think it could happen as early as
July. So if this report is true and
Tesla follows through, it'll be a
splitting of the difference in August.
So this won't be a lever for true scale,
but this will be a huge lever
nonetheless because validating and
getting autonomy proven with the cyber
cab is a huge deal. It will of course
bring down the cost profile of Tesla's
robo taxi operations. And hopefully in a
few weeks Tesla can get a handful of
cyber cabs active in all active markets.
And just because we haven't seen
anything official, don't forget CyberCab
is currently testing all across the
country. Here's one spotted in King of
Prussia, PA outside of Philly. And the
local news in Nashville just did a short
segment on 15 cyber cabs stationed in
Franklin. On the FSD front, Fabian
shared a video saying, "After all these
years of waiting, I can finally make a
wholear style video of Tesla's FSD in
Zurich." He said, "FSD nails everything.
Trams, cyclists, pedestrians, traffic,
everything. No problem. It works." And
it's not a direct onetoone comparison,
but let's not forget Tesla currently has
its autonomous software supervised FSD
running in 12 unique countries, 13 if
you include China. And if you list
Puerto Rico separately, even though it's
a US territory. And to make the closest
comparison I could for Whimo, I included
any country where Whimo is giving paid
rides or where they're doing public
testing with or without safety drivers
in the vehicles. The number of countries
for Whimo right now is three. The United
States, the United Kingdom, and Japan in
Tokyo. So, I think it's easy for those
of us that live in the United States to
be so hyperfocused here. Understandably
so. Just remember globally Tesla has a
real competitive advantage in that it is
gathering such unique data and in most
of these locations excluding China it
can use all of these learnings to
strengthen and make the autonomous
software that much more robust. And from
a more short-term perspective, all of
these videos and feedback and public
commentary should only help to result in
a positive yes vote at the TCMV meeting
expected in October later this year,
which of course could be the path for
supervised FSD to roll out broadly
across the EU. And as we're seeing in
the United States, once the word begins
to spread, that should mean very
positive things for adoption of Teslas
in general. Back to Roboaxi, we did get
new safety data that goes through July
15th. So on the dashboard that's always
linked below, you can see the two new
incidents that took place in June were
both not the fault of Tesla. One we had
the robo taxi parked in an alley and a
passenger vehicle reversed into the
Tesla vehicle and the other had the robo
taxi stopped at a red left turn arrow
and an SUV changing lanes hit another
car and then hit the Tesla. So, we don't
have full reporting for the month of
July yet, but we do have zero incidents
there. In June, Tesla had zero at fault
incidents. In May, Tesla had two, but
one was a remote operator driving the
vehicle into a tree stump, and the other
one was Tesla turning into a metal chain
across a parking lot entrance. Then,
April, Tesla had zero at fault. And
March, Tesla had zero at fault. And
February, Tesla had zero at fault. which
means dating back through February this
year, Tesla has only had two incidents
where it's been at fault. And both of
them were incredibly minor. One with a
chain, one with a tree stump, and the
latter being the remote operator. So,
great performance by Tesla's robo taxi
the past few months. Now, that data
would not yet include something like we
saw over the weekend where an
unsupervised robo taxi did hit and go
through some ballards. Now, yes, this is
not safety critical, but I did explain
this is part of the reason, in my
opinion, Roboaxi is not ready to scale.
Now, I am not going to rehash all of the
drama that ensued after this. You can go
to my X account to see it if you haven't
already. But the TLDDW, just because
Robo Taxi is incredibly safe, does not
mean it's refined enough to the point
where it's ready to reach true scale.
And when I say true scale, I'm talking
at least in the thousands. In South
Korea, Tesla's been performing
extraordinarily well through the first
seven months of this year. Total sales
are up over 66,300
units, up just under 150%
year-over-year. And the article said
Tesla's Model Y just did something no
imported car was supposed to do in a
market that overwhelmingly buys local.
That being, the Model Y became the
bestselling new car in Korea in July.
And we're not talking a few hundred
units. Tesla has now cleared 10,000
units in Korea in each of the past 5
months. Joe Tetmier shared some new
photos of the new Optimus factory
construction progress in Texas, saying
there's a chance the concrete floors are
already in construction along with more
steel assembly and the footings. He's
estimating this steel structure is about
1/4 of the final size, and it's
continuing to have four floors at least
so far. Joe also shared a video of the
test track operation, saying there's
more cyber cabs on the track and in
staging than I've ever seen.
Superchargers are also being installed,
hinting we will be seeing this level of
activity for some time to come. Arian
shared that Tesla's robo taxi now allows
you to take multiple rides in the same
car. You can now edit the trip after you
reach your destination and click start
ride again. your seatelt can be taken
off and the doors can be opened, which
of course would theoretically allow
people to get in and out or to pick up
food or drop off items. He said you can
just click edit trip after you arrive
and the start ride button will reappear.
He was able to do two new rides and the
third was showing availability. So, it's
pretty easy to think about use cases
where this makes a lot of sense. If you
get a ride just to go to Walgreens or
CVS to grab a drink or a snack, and
you're only going to be inside for a
minute or two, it's not ideal to have to
go back outside, hail another car, maybe
wait another 5 or 10 minutes. It'd be
great just to have your vehicle waiting
for you outside for a few minutes. So,
the question becomes, how long will
Tesla give these people doing things
like this? And I'm sure that time
allotment will change and adapt over
time, but I do think it's great to see
this feature being implemented. When it
comes to Tesla's approval for robo taxi
operations in Las Vegas, I did want to
clarify. Sawyer did astutely point out
this is an interim order. So, there is a
chance that Tesla's full request, the
5,000 vehicles, will be approved at a
later date. So, nothing we covered last
week is wrong. All of those limitations
are still in place currently. I just
wanted to add there is still likely more
to come, but what type and level of
extra leniency is still a question mark
for what I'm about to say. I'm not one
for baseless speculation, but I think
it's worth pointing out dating back 5
years, the latest we have ever heard
about an annual Tesla shareholder
meeting has been August 13th. And that
was back in 2021. So fast forward to
today, it's August 17th and we have not
heard anything about the annual
shareholder meeting for this year. So
this could be absolutely nothing. Tesla
has been known to change the dates when
it announces the annual meeting. But
relative to the past 5 years, we are now
the latest we have ever been before
hearing the date, which could mean Tesla
is indeed working on something big like
a possible acquisition by SpaceX. And
this time around, unfortunately for us,
because the annual event wasn't held
last year until November, Tesla has 13
months from that date to host this
year's meeting, meaning they have until
December to actually hold the meeting.
But it's worth pointing out although
last year's meeting was held in
November, we knew about that date in
July. So, all this to say, hopefully we
hear about the actual date sometime in
the next few weeks as we're already late
relative to Tesla's historical actions.
So, it could mean they're up to
something or it could mean nothing at
all. Just figured it was worth pointing
out. Tech AU shared an image of one of
the new Whimo, Ohio vehicles getting
involved in a collision with a bus. This
was in Philadelphia and he said the
Whimo vehicle with two trained
specialists in the car entered an
intersection on a green light and
collided with a coach bus that ran a red
light. Thankfully, nobody was injured in
this collision. But if you go to search
for any reporting on this, you will find
effectively nothing, which I think is no
surprise, but certainly not an optimal
start for the new Whimo Ohio. And just
an FYI, Tesla has officially launched
its vehicle-toload capability for all
Model Y premium trims in the US. And
yes, all Model Y L's are also capable of
vehicle to load as well as vehicle to
home with a Power Wall 3. But as far as
we know, for now, vehicle to home is not
supported right now on the Model Y
premium. But an important clarification,
this is only working for Model Y premium
vehicles in the US. if your vehicle has
the newer PCS2, the power conversion
system. So, you can head to Tesla's
parts catalog and input your VIN to see
if you have the required part. But yes,
certain premium Model Y now have the
ability to power external devices. Tesla
stock closed the day at $339.30
down 87% and SpaceX closed at $14623
up 4.45% 45% all while the NDX was
down.17%.
Don't forget, check out Whisperflow's
Notetaker linked below. You will not be
disappointed. Whisper Flow is doing
incredibly exciting things right now. I
honestly wish I had 20 minutes to show
you how I use this and I might launch
another channel or a membership or
something so I can talk about things in
more detail. But just to show you right
here, my usage continues to climb
quickly. I'm up over 67,000 total words,
which means yes, I'm in the top.5% of
users. It's that good. Hope you all have
a wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.