Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Gas Cars Are Quietly Losing This Battle
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54m8WsNKfFM
Published:   2026-05-02 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, thank you all for coming. Thank all
of you online. We're going to talk today
about saving money. So, this is an
electric vehicle talk. It's it's part of
the green revolution. However, I'm not
going to be talking about the
environment or anything like that. Those
of you with a focus on that can remember
that uh saving money is basically
reducing your use of resources. So, it
will just accidentally lead to a greener
environment. So uh AAA the American auto
automobile association has done this
estimate of the uh costs required to own
a car. We should remember that 8% of
American households do not own a car.
They get along with other alternatives.
Some of the those alternatives can be
rather wet in Oregon winters. And so uh
many of us have decided yes we we really
need a car. So if you've already made
the commitment to jump into it figure
then it's going to cost around $12,000 a
year. So uh if you can see that the
greatest percentage of this is
depreciation the capital cost of
acquiring the car and interest and of
course the lost income from investments
that you could have had if you didn't
spend it on a car. And we're going to be
talking about each of these in turn.
Let's start with the um the good news
which is fuel. Comparing the various uh
fuel sources. The lower graph shows the
price of gas and petroleum since uh
middle of 2021. So right after COVID,
you can see that there's a big spike in
the middle of 22 when Vladimir Putin
attacks Ukraine. And it makes a much
bigger effect on diesel. you get more
gas from a light crude and more diesel
from a heavy crude. So when you affect
your import and everything else, it's
going to affect the two fuels
differently. So uh diesel is worth just
a little bit more because of the higher
energy content, but um the the re recent
price disparity does not justify is not
justified due to that small difference.
now. And of course in 2026 we have
another price spike when the president
attacked the Middle East basically when
Iran. So uh and again it made a much
bigger difference with diesel than with
gasoline.
Now the upper graph shows uh Portland
General Electric utility rates. There
was a big jump in 2024
8 something like 18%.
But uh the regulators have kept it
smaller increases other years. So that
on the whole for the last five years
it's been going at about an 8% per year
clip and it's rather predictable. A
quick note, if you uh set up your
lifestyle so that uh you need 50 gallons
per month of gas, the if the price is
$1, you can't use more than 50 gallons.
You're not that much time in the car.
And if it's $10 a gallon, you still need
50 gallons. So you're if you have no
choice, it's very inelastic. Which is
why when the straight of Hormuz was
blocked reducing the worldwide oil by
20%. It made an over 50% increase in the
price of oil. If we had an alternative,
let's say you have two cars. 59% of
American households have two or more
vehicles. So if you have a vehicle of
each, maybe you have a diesel, gas and
an electric, you can just shift more of
your driving to the lowerc cost fuel. It
results in a more elastic demand curve,
which means that even when when supply
is restricted, the price will not have
reason to jump to such a extreme amount.
I showed you prices for gas and prices
for electric. Let's compare what that
means on this graph. Um, we're using the
EPA's metric. They call it MPG, miles
per gallon equivalent. So, their metric
is the EV range on the energy content of
one gallon of gas. One gallon of gas, if
you count up all the carbon and hydrogen
bonds that you're breaking and making,
it's 33.7 kilowatt hours per gallon.
Now, that makes that's a useful figure
of merit for gas drivers, not for EV. I
mean, we use miles per kilowatt hour
because I know if I've got say 20
kilowatt hours left in my battery and I
go three miles each, that means I've
got, do the math, 60 miles of range. But
using our EV metric times the 33.7
gives us the the Monroe sticker on the
window of a new car. It'll show 101 MPG,
miles per gallon equivalent. Now, if you
compare similar vehicles, I'm I'm
showing a very small vehicle. The gas
car might get 32 miles per gallon. The
EV might get four miles per kilowatt
hour.
Likewise, with a big Silverado pickup,
you're comparing 16 miles per gallon to
2 miles per kilowatt hour. And for the
big 12tonon 60 passenger uh school bus,
you might get six miles per gallon if
you're lucky. And the equivalent vehicle
as an electric gets maybe 75 miles per
kilowatt hour. And you notice they all
have the ratio of about eight. So, this
is the the secret key for comparing your
electric bill to your gas bill. Think
about it a little bit. Cars go down the
road with the equivalent of 8 kilowatt
hours per gallon, but there's a total of
33.7 kilowatts per gallon in the fuel.
So, where did the missing 25 kilowatt
hours per gallon go? We all know that uh
reciprocating
engines are very inefficient. After 150
years of technology development, the uh
gas car has reached the pinnacle of 18%
efficiency. And we all see vehicles that
don't achieve that much. So if you uh do
the math, you can multiply the 33.7
times 18% and then divide it by the 85
or 90% efficiency of electric vehicles
from the utility meter to your wheels
and you get a number of something around
eight. So we'll use this number as our
comparison for the various prices. So
I'm showing a bunch of dots on the
screen. Let me explain the graph. The
left hand side shows dollars per
kilowatt hours. So this is a measure of
the cost of electricity in all these
green dots. The right hand side shows a
scale of dollars per gallon appropriate
for the price of gasoline in these red
dots. So, the three red dots, the top
one is the average price of gasoline in
Oregon when I checked it on Wednesday.
Of course, there's stations charging
more and others charging less. This is
an average. The middle red dot is the
average price in America nationwide,
about $410 on Wednesday. And then the
bottom one is the price of gas in the
the average price in the cheapest state
which was Oklahoma at the time. So you
can see that as you leave Oregon, gas is
going to get cheaper.
Now let's go back to the electricity.
The middle graph shows various utility
rates for residential users. My supplier
is Portland General Electric and PGE is
about 19 cents per kilowatt hours. So
that's the the uppermost green dot in
the middle. This green dot up here is
the 19 cents per kilowatt hour per PGE.
Now if you happen to be lucky and live
in Forest Grove, Forest Grove Power and
Light charges 9 cents per kilowatt hour,
which is this second dot. And out in the
tie PUD, they charge 6 cents per
kilowatt hour. Um statewide the average
is 9 cents. So if I'm paying 19 that
means that
somebody else is paying a lot less than
9 cents.
&gt;&gt; Can we ask questions?
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Question. Level two charger for an
electric vehicle.
&gt;&gt; How much does one hour of that charging
uh cost?
Back in 2010 it was4
according to PGE.
Do you know what it is now?
&gt;&gt; Could you? So the question is, what is
the cost of an hour of level two
charging? What is the charge rate? Is it
six kilowatts?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so it depends on the charge rate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, level two does have some variation
in in the charging rate.
&gt;&gt; My my lightning
&gt;&gt; would take 9.4 4
kilow and I think my bolt is like 6
something.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So if we if we take the middle
range, so if your lightning is nine
kilowatts and the bolt is 6 kilowatts
rate, if you do that for an hour, 6
kilowatt hours times 20 cents is going
to be a buck 20. Now, so level one
charging, which is slower,
that's a smaller amount. It's maybe 30
cents an hour. So a small sedan would be
uh a$120 an hour.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, probably. But again, it's
&gt;&gt; the car simply charges overnight, right?
So it's going to charge for as long as
it takes to replenish the battery from
the driving you did. So you really are
are more focused on the miles per
kilowatt hour rather than the uh the
charging rate. Yeah, I'm I'm you know
looking for an approximation.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; there's a lot of variables.
&gt;&gt; Okay, hold hold that thought and we'll
come back to it. So anyway, as I was
saying,
Forest Grove Power and Light, you're
paying the equivalent of 69 cents a
gallon for gasoline. In Portland General
Electric, 19 cents, I'm paying about a
buck 50 per gallon of gas equivalent
driving electric. So um and that's
likely to keep rising at about 8% a year
whereas the fuel prices you don't know
who what country is going to be attacked
next. It is an international price. You
might think that uh America is an oil
exporter but that doesn't matter if they
can sell it to somebody else. Now let's
look at the leftmost columns. Uh these
are the public chargers and uh pity the
poor multif family housing dweller that
has to that can't charge at home and has
to go to the public charger. When I go
to Walmart to the Electrify America, a
typical price there is 62 cents per
kilowatt hour. It's this top green point
uh on the left. Um it's equivalent to
something over five gallon $5 a gallon,
but it's so darn convenient. I mean, I I
plug the charger in. I can't get to the
restroom and back before it's done. My
car will charge at 300 kilowatts. I
mean, it's blinding fast. And so, you
get what you pay for. Now, the Tesla
chargers that I've been to and at least
in the Midwest were 47 cents a kilowatt
hour. So, that's that's better than the
national average gas price. Not quite so
good as Oklahoma. Um, now if you jump to
a level one charger, you can find lots
of places like Electric Avenue or so
that charge 30 cents a kilowatt hour. I
used to be able to get it at 12 cents,
but uh they have stopped that. That was
a introductory deal after they first
opened the Electric Avenue with public
funds, but now it's a true commercial
charger again. But you can still also
find this this bottom green point, you
can still find free places. I mean, you
stop by my house, I'll let you charge
free. Um,
and uh, there's like a resource place, a
city government with natural resources
that has a free charging. I know there's
an electric contractor
with chargers in their parking lot and
they'll let you charge there for free.
So, if you look around, you can you can
make some good deals. The one thing to
be clear about though is that the most
consistent and easiest way is to charge
at home of course and as you leave home
traveling becomes more expensive as
opposed to gasoline leaving home
traveling becomes less expensive.
So it's a whole different strategy when
you're reliant on electricity. So
looking at the electric rates by state,
Oregon is kind of in the middle. Um, the
red states are going to be a lot more.
And the cheapest was down here in uh
Louisiana,
which I guess uh not a lot of hydro, but
they probably have cheap uh patrol cheap
natural gas depending on where you're
traveling.
The electric rates could be a lot less
or a lot more. Gas price by state, you
can see that Oregon again is is a very
high gas price. We get our fuel from a
rickety old pipeline down from a
refinery in Seattle, which gets its
crude from the Northshore of Alaska. I
know my brother in North Dakota has very
low gas prices, and the lowest in the
nation is Oklahoma, where the Midwest
has a a sweet spot, perhaps as a result
of the the Balkan crude and the uh oil
shale drilling that they do there. It's
important to do your comparison
shopping. It's like uh driving along in
your gas car. You would look at the
marquee to see what their gas price is.
In the case of electric, it's it's uh
almost that easy. Basically, you use
your phone app. Plug Share is my
favorite. EVCS will let you plan a route
for lowcost charging. And again,
chargeway also selects which are the
available chargers that are compatible
with your car plug. I I have a CCS plug
in the car or socket in the car, but
they Hyundai gave me a free adapter so
that I can use the Knack or Tesla
charges, but not all Tesla charges. I uh
I can't use the older legacy ones, only
the the the later generations. Another
question.
I know what an agnostic is. I, you know,
somebody that doesn't But what's an
agnostic at?
&gt;&gt; The what agnostic is is like a brand
neutral. They uh they don't care what
brand you use. They they have no
devotion to any particular uh maker or
model. Um so
&gt;&gt; payment uh method.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, none of these are payment
methods. Plug these. They're basically
it's like a Google search. you're simply
telling you what's available and what
the price would be. So, helps you narrow
down your search and so that you can
select which charger
meets your requirements. Maybe you're in
a hurry and you are willing to put up
with an expensive charger to get it done
quickly. Or if you're not in a hurry,
maybe you could have lunch and charge at
a lower rate for a lower cost.
&gt;&gt; And those are free apps.
&gt;&gt; These are all free apps. I can help you
with them offline if you want to look at
those. Now then there's various
networks. Uh so I use the Tesla app for
my car with the Tesla adapter, the Knack
adapter and uh I use Plug Share as well.
Plug Share will tell me where the Tesla
adapters are, but it's often hard to
decode whether it's the later generation
that I can use or the legacy model that
I can't use. So various places will take
your money. Charge Point has maybe uh
the most chargers other than Tesla.
Electrify America, Blink, Shell
Recharge, these all have a lot. Uh EVgo
is uh the started by General Motors. And
then EV connect. These are all all
different um merchants basically.
They'll they'll sell you their
electricity and uh they typically have a
payw wall where you once once you show
up at their charger, you need their app
in order to connect the vehicle and
receive the charge. So, questions on
fuel first. I've used up most of my
time, so we'll jump through the other
costs. Now, maintenance is another plus
sign. The AAA suggests that it costs
$1,500 a year to maintain a car. Well, I
I can't believe that for new cars. So,
that's probably heavily weighted towards
older cars after their parts are
beginning to wear out. Certainly, for an
electric car, there is
much lower maintenance. First off,
there's fewer parts. Instead of uh like
300 parts in a gasoline engine, there's
maybe nine parts in an electric. There's
reduced brake wear because of
regenerating. And there's minimal
fluids.
Maybe there's one coolant loop instead
of coolant and brakes and uh oil changes
and transmission fluid. There there may
be more tire wear depending on how how
aggressively you uh accelerate. And one
of the important things for maintenance
is to be courteous to your drive
battery. It's rather than charge it to
100% and deplete it down to 0%. It's
much happier if it stays near the 50%
capacity. So I charge to 80% and when it
gets down to 25 or 30 I'm looking for a
charger. Terms of insurance, there are
some reports that say that insurance for
EVs are is higher. And some of that
again is a result of the battery. Um, if
you puncture a gas tank, well, it might
be a total loss if it starts on fire or
it might be just a a $100 tank, but if
you puncture a electric vehicle battery,
it totals the car. That's that's a s
very significant effect. So, the
possibility of damage is increased.
Registration is very complicated. Um,
the legislature passed a bill last year
to raise the fuel prices, fuel tax
prices, and the EV registrations in
parallel.
But then the uh petition campaign swept
out the uh gas tax increase, so just
leaving the electric vehicles with a uh
a higher registration fee. So,
we were getting a getting by free for
many years. Then we had the increase in
registration fees and
then we're going to be forced to go on
to the road usage charge and fuel and
road usage charges is all in flux. There
is a measure 120 on your ballot. Read
your voters's pamphlet. I know there's
nine nine arguments in favor and
something like 14 or 15 arguments in
opposition. So, uh it all depends
whether taxing will be fair to electrics
and uh and gas vehicles in the future.
So, we we were free. We have been paying
$100 a year less than the fuel tax. It
may become $95 more
soon.
And then if the the road usage charge
starts, we may be paying $300 a year
more, but that's still only what, $30 a
month. So, what you want to do is add up
your total savings on fuel maintenance
and then maybe
subtract the increased expenses from
insurance and registration road usage
charge and then you get a a total
savings each month.
&gt;&gt; Do you know how they would figure how
many miles we went?
&gt;&gt; The road usage charge is going to have
some kind of a tracker to keep track of
your odometer. It's going to be an
improved version of uh something that's
been in place voluntarily for gosh I
think 12 years now. The Oregon program
can EVs can sign up right now and uh it
will transition to a mandatory program.
So after all those ancillary we get to
the the big kicker which is of course
the depreciation in other words the the
capital cost. So AAA thinks that the
average transaction price was $50,000
for a new car, but they also say that
the uh depreciation was $5,000 a year,
4680.
If you do the math, it's 10 years. So
they're saying that a a car lasts 10
years, at which point it's worth
straight line depreciation has bring the
value down to zero. We know that there's
much higher depreciation in the early
years and much lower depreciation in
later years. So, the obvious way to save
money is to buy a pre-owned car. Let
somebody else take the hit on the early
years.
So, if you're going to buy a used car,
you want to know how much to pay for it.
The way to do that financially is to
figure out the present value of your
future savings. If you plan for a
10-year payback, 120 payments spread out
over 10 years is the same as 82 payments
today. That's based on an 8% interest
rate. So if you have a $100 a month
savings, that present value is worth
$8,200 today. So if you're comparing
equivalent vehicles, would you buy the
$30,000 ICE or the $38,000 EV? It's a
wash. Basically, you're come out the
same both ways. So uh that helps you
decide which one is the better deal. But
think about a $20,000 ICE versus a
$28,000 EV. How about a free ICE car as
opposed to paying $8,000 for an electric
vehicle? This is a time when you really
need to look the gift horse in the mouth
and decide whether uh it's really the
better deal to take the cheaper car.
So, this is a way to find out if you're
paying too much. But let's we're going
to get into this later on this afternoon
in another talk. But there's going to be
a an overupp of used EVs coming to
market here in the next couple years.
There's a million EV leases. $300,000
this 300,000 this year. I think 600,000
next year, plus more in 2028. So in the
next two and a half, three years,
there's a million EV leases coming to a
close. Many of them took advantage of
the uh federal tax credits in previous
years. Um there's going to be a a bubble
of used cars coming off of lease and
very often it's going to be unaffordable
for them to purchase the car after the
lease. So they'll simply return it to
their dealer and walk away from it. With
that uh over supply, it could well be
that EVs are used EVs are going to be
cheaper than gas cars. So, watch this
space. It could make a huge difference.
Okay, that's the end of my talk. I could
read these uh this advice, but I would
sound I would sound like your dad. So,
why don't you just read them to yourself
and uh we can open the floor up to
questions. Any thoughts
&gt;&gt; while you're uh you mentioned the uh
increased tire costs because of uh the
braking
&gt;&gt; acceleration.
&gt;&gt; Acceleration.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the more more tire wear. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; many people have reported that. I also
was told that there's more tire wear
because of the weight
&gt;&gt; of the vehicle that the batteries for
these cars are very heavy and that has
more that that basically tire wear is
one of your biggest costs on an EV.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, comparing equivalent vehicles, the
EV is probably going to be heavier. I'm
not exactly sure what the uh the
difference in tire wear is. Perhaps it
does wear more with a heavier vehicle.
of how heavy your foot is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's not the downward
&gt;&gt; uh convenience of networks and different
types. I know there are like adapters
for the plugs and everything.
&gt;&gt; Uh has the electric network become more
convenient
uh for travel outside of you know just
around town? Yeah, Consumer Reports
keeps track of the uh um charging
network as it were and it has become
significantly more reliable. I know
years past you would show up at a
station and it's down and very often
it's just the payw wall. I mean the
machine's fine but you can't get your
credit card recognized. Um so that is
getting much better. Um, in terms of
location, I know that, uh, traveling the
northern route through Montana and North
Dakota, there's far more stations now
than there used to be. It used to be a
white knuckle to get from one to the
next, and now there's uh, plenty of
alternatives on the way. So again, but
that's your situation may vary. Depends
on what part of the world you're going
to. And uh
&gt;&gt; but it sounds as though there is a lot
of information available on your phone
to help you navigate.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's very clear.
&gt;&gt; I I know that the the only time I came
close was when my phone app told me that
I should charge to 87%
battery before leaving, but I only
charged to 78% with my dyslexia or
something. So, I started out 11% low uh
in my charge and I barely squeaked in
with uh
about 1% left. So, uh so just read the
app carefully and uh make sure that you
know what you're doing before you head
out.
&gt;&gt; Did your vehicle slow down to 20 miles
an hour to get the most out of that? I
never did get to turtle mode, but yes,
it was, like I say, this was like at
1:30 in the morning traveling North
Dakota. Um,
&gt;&gt; squeaking into the uh into the station.
&gt;&gt; So, so what what what is available?
Uh toad, you know, roadside assistance.
Do they bring a a battery out to you or
and let you charge off of their tow
truck battery or
&gt;&gt; There are uh port mobile chargers. I you
just call AAA and see what's available.
Again, depends what part of the country
you're in and where what what
equipment's available. It may be a
flatbed toe to uh get you to a fixed
charger.
&gt;&gt; That's very expensive.
&gt;&gt; I So I have this lightning truck and it
has receptacles
in the bed of the truck.
Could I rescue someone, have them plug
in their charger
to my truck and
does does that work?
&gt;&gt; Yes, it certainly would. It would be a
level one charge, I think.
&gt;&gt; And so it would take some hours to give
you enough miles to get to any other
destination.
So yeah, charging from vehicle to
vehicle is possible. There's if you buy
the more expensive truck, which I did
not, but they have a uh 240 volt
receptacle.
&gt;&gt; Okay, it all depends if it's a if it's a
true 30 amp 240 volts. Then again, that
would be a level two charge
rate. You can also get a 20 amp 16 amp
charger that works at a 20 amp 240 volt
level two and it still works. It's not
it's four times faster than a 110
&gt;&gt; but it's not as fast as a 30.
So there are the answer is yes. Um and
if you have the 240 you have that much
more capacity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. question for the those that didn't
hear. Basically, uh depends on the
supplier vehicle. If the vehicles can
survive can supply 20 amps, that's
that's four times f faster than a 110
volt supply. Are there any vehicles that
can supply 30 amps?
&gt;&gt; I don't believe so. Not that I'm aware
of. But there are AAA there are AAA
vehicles that have a generator with 30
amp supply. Yeah. So, a generator on the
back of the truck can provide 30 amps.