Channel:     electrified
Title:       Why on Earth Is No One Talking About This ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlszCLehAR8
Published:   2026-05-06 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-07 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

quiet as a mouse. Shout out to David
Moss as he's been getting some nice
footage of the Tesla Semi at the ACT
Expo in Vegas this week. For the UI of
the Tesla Semi, you'll see the deck
lights, side storage, the hood, showing
the vitals for the tires, and of course,
controls for the charge port. Scroll up
a bit and you'll see tire pressure
information. And in this shot, you can
see not only the PSI for each tire, but
the temperature of each tire as well. I
think it would be awesome to have a
video walking through all of the
different UI features of the Tesla Semi
because clearly looking at the setup for
these controls on the left, it's
certainly different than what we're used
to. But David did have a short video
where he started pressing some of the
buttons of the Tesla Semi UI and the
Tesla representative effectively asked
him to stop. The cameras look crystal
clear as you would expect. Everything
seems to be super snappy. And of course,
the Tesla representative just didn't
want any random person changing any of
the settings for this Tesla Semi. He
also shared an uplose look of the Tesla
Semi Mega Charger and the handle,
disconnecting it from the actual stall.
And I think this video does a great job
of showcasing the scale of the Mega
Charger and the stall itself relative to
the people standing right next to it.
And if you thought the Cybert truck had
the biggest and baddest wiper blade in
the game, well, maybe not so fast. The
Tesla Semi might have something to say
about that one. And in what should be a
surprise to no one, the orders for the
Tesla Semi are now pouring in. W EV
announced 370 Tesla Semis will be added
to its fleet over time, and these Tesla
Semis will be deployed across
California. Deliveries are expected to
begin with 50 trucks this year with the
full fleet operational by the end of
next year and more than 300 will be
deployed under a joint program with the
Port of Oakland. The deployment will be
supported by a growing network of
megawatt charging depots including
initial sites at the Port of Oakland and
Fresno with additional locations planned
in Stockton and Sacramento. And further,
Watt EV has 15 additional sites under
development as it moves toward a broader
statewide and eventual nationwide
network. And here's the Watt EV Tesla
Semi one we've seen out on the road
before. And as we know, that's not the
only new order to come in as of late.
So, I've been vibe coding this new
dashboard to track not only Tesla Semi
orders, but also the status of the
charging depots nationwide. I will share
access to this dashboard in the coming
days so all of you can bookmark it and
reference it whenever you'd like. And
anytime you see any Tesla Semi news
where I'll need to update the tracker,
be sure to tag me on X or leave a
comment here or of course you can always
shoot me an email. Ideally, we would
crowdsource this information so we have
the most accurate tracker out there. I
don't have time to run through all of
the features today. Sadly, this is one
of the busiest weeks for me in recent
memory. But for today, for the Mega
Charger Depot network, you can select
all or just those that are currently
operational. So you can see those are
all in California at the moment. You can
see those under construction in yellow.
And the last option is all of the
planned mega charger locations. And yes,
when you click on any of these
locations, you'll get more information.
And then you can go direct to the
source. And then at the bottom is where
you will find the most recent Tesla
semi-orders. We have the Watt EV order,
another one from NICA, the big F
transport we just covered recently, and
you'll have the date it was announced. a
bit more supporting information and
context. And once again, you'll be able
to click directly on the source and then
you'll see the rest. Some are just pilot
testing, others are partially delivered
and so on. And again, once I make this
live, I would love to have you guys look
it over, point out any errors, any
mistakes, any sources that aren't
working properly so we can get this
cleaned up and have it as accurate as
possible. And then as we get news of new
orders, I'll be able to update this
quickly and it'll refresh automatically.
And there will be a search feature. So,
for example, if I type here and go watt
EV, you'll see they have two orders and
one charging depot. Then you can scroll
down a bit and it will select only those
confirmed orders and reservations. And
one more, if I were to search for Pepsi,
you'll see one order in five different
depots. Then you can scroll down and see
the order for only Pepsi. So, just know
guys, I'm working on a lot of stuff
behind the scenes. In the weeks to come,
I'll be able to share more and more, but
I do want Electrified to be as valuable
as possible. And truly, I love this
stuff and getting to share all of it
with you guys. And because I know a few
of you will be wondering, I did vibe
code that with Perplexity Computer. And
of course, right now, it's pretty
simple, but I will make it live sometime
in the next week or two. And I'll
continue to build it out. And as I said
on X, the Tesla Semi is going to be
nothing like the Cybertruck when it
comes to sales relative to expectations.
The Cybertruck so far has let us down
quite significantly, but the Tesla Semi
is going to be the opposite. I firmly
expect Tesla's order backlog for the
Tesla Semi to develop very quickly,
especially once word spreads about the
TCO. But further, I think there's a part
of the Tesla Semi storyline that's being
very much overlooked. And it's actually
the structure of the company Watt EV
itself. What Watt EV actually does is
provide turnkey solutions to help actual
fleet operators electrify their fleets.
So, not only does Watt EV build out
these charging depots using Tesla's
hardware and the megawatt charging
standard, as we just saw, they have six
of their own class 8 charging depots
with expansion underway. But Watt EV's
flagship model is a truck as a service.
So, Watt EV's customers get these
electric semiis with everything else
needed to electrify their own fleets.
And it's all rolled up into one simple
monthly subscription. So, the truck,
access to those charging depots, all of
the maintenance, all telematics,
operational support, and so on in one
easy to understand pricing model. And
part of why this is such a big deal is
because it eliminates that major upfront
cost for some of these fleets looking to
electrify. While we know it's largely a
no-brainer from a TCO perspective over
the life of the vehicle, for companies
that want to replace their fleets, it
can still be a significant upfront cost.
But with companies like Watt Eevee and
others, they're eliminating that concern
altogether. And then for fleets that
already have their own electric trucks,
they can subscribe to Watt EV's monthly
charging depot on a separate
subscription. So if they don't want to
buy or lease these trucks from Watt
Eevee, they can still access the
charging depots. And yes, Watt EV does
actually operate its own fleet network.
So they will likely use some of these
Tesla Semis for their own purposes. But
its overarching goal is to make zero
emission trucking a thing for everyone.
And we have to think about this from a
logical perspective. Plenty of companies
would love to electrify their fleets,
but they likely don't know how to go
about it. They would have plenty of
questions about charging and setting up
their own infrastructure, and they
likely have questions about maintenance
and everything. But companies like Watt
EV take that all off the table. So, Watt
EV is really like an electric truck
leasing company, while they do have some
of their own operations as well. And
again, not only that, but they're really
a fullervice provider for everything
these companies will need to electrify
their fleets and operate them on an
ongoing basis. So, for all these
companies that don't have tens of
millions or hundreds of millions of
dollars to electrify its fleet and buy
these trucks up front to build out their
own charging depot, Watt EV takes care
of that. So, this model that Watt EV
encapsulates really wipes out some of
the biggest challenges to the Tesla Semi
actually scaling. It can be capital
inensive. There is plenty of
infrastructure risk again for those that
don't really know what they're doing.
And there are plenty of operational
unknowns when it comes to things like
maintenance, service, and so on. And
this model from companies like Watt EV
and Alio or Volvo on Demand, they're
doing similar things and addressing all
of these constraints. So, the big
players will likely continue to buy
direct, the Amazons, Walmarts, FedEx's,
and so on. But for a lot of the smaller
players that want to electrify, this is
a great way to do so. And frankly, I
rarely see anybody talk about this
business model. I think a lot of people
just think Watt EV is a company that has
their own freight operations and they'll
keep all of these semis in house. But
that's actually not the case. And this
trucking as a service package, in my
opinion, will be a critical accelerant
for electric semi adoption. When it
comes to supervised FSD across the EU,
that May 5th TCMV meeting came and went.
And as expected, there was no vote. The
EU regulator sat through roughly an hour
of demonstrations about FSD working well
in European traffic, mixed weather on
the highway, and so on. But it's been
reported that there were plenty of
questions and push back to the
technology once again, as we expected.
things like the cars occasionally going
over the speed limit, concerns about
wildlife, specifically moose in Nordic
countries, icy roads, the name itself,
FSD, and pressure from Tesla supporters
contacting officials. Now, to be fair,
some EU officials did express more
positive views based on early
observations. But all chatter aside,
what's next? Well, the next meeting
where there could be a vote is June
30th. And if there's no vote at that
meeting, there's not another gathering
until October. As we've said all along,
there was going to be push back. Some of
it was likely to be valid, but some was
likely to be either political or
anti-competitive wrapped up in a safety
narrative. So again, the vote is going
to be the fastest path for broader EU
adoption, and the soonest we're going to
have that is the end of June. Once
again, roughly 15 of the 27 countries
would have to vote in favor to have it
pass. But even if that does not happen,
individual countries can still choose to
recognize the Dutch approval. And on
that point, we have the Minister of
Mobility in Belgium asking Tesla to
transfer those files about supervised
FSD to them. He said, "It's now with my
administration, which I've instructed to
provide clarity by the end of the week
on a possible rapid homologation. You
should not slow down innovation, but
make it possible in a thoughtful and
safe way. This way we keep Flanders at
the foremost as a forwardthinking
region. So there you go. Some of the
rulemakers are indeed more in favor than
others. As it stands now, hopefully we
get somewhere between three to five
countries deciding to go independently,
meaning they will individually recognize
the Dutch approval. Further than that,
it's sounding like the rest of the EU
countries will be waiting for the vote
whether it's in June or October. So for
that widespread access to supervised FSD
across the EU, I think the summer is
pretty optimistic at this point, it's
possible, but the vote would need to
happen at the next meeting. And then
even if it passes, there will likely
still be some administrative work and
regulatory hurdles before it's actually
released to the fleet in each country.
So, what I'm about to say is strictly
based on vibes, but to me it feels like
Q4 might be a more realistic timeline
for a broader EU expansion of FSD. And
we can't forget about the technically
noneu countries like Switzerland that
have their own processes for approval,
but are certainly following the story
closely. As far as I can tell, Astra in
Switzerland is comparable to the RDW in
the Netherlands. And here's what their
director said. I can only congratulate
Ant Tesla and the Netherlands for their
courage to engage in level two plus
systems. The only thing that we are
demanding is that these systems are to
be denominated as such. They aren't
level three, they are level two plus. So
the driver remains fully responsible
and if this is committed and and um
communicated as such, no problem with
that. So for certain countries like
Switzerland, it sounds like as long as
Tesla is very clear about the
limitations of the technology right now,
it should have a straightforward path to
adoption. And as mentioned, others were
more positive. A regulator from Denmark
said the vehicles did perform very well
in the complex traffic of rush hour in
Copenhagen. And Sweden's transport
agency said the country is generally
positive on automated driving tech as
long as it follows regulations. So
again, hopefully at least a few of these
countries go the individual route and
choose on their own to recognize the
Dutch approval. And I still think
countries like Germany will be dragging
their feet as much as possible to
protect their own. But based on where
things stand now, I would not expect a
broad EU roll out of FSD this summer
like many were expecting. Unfortunately,
what's going on with FSD in China has
largely been a black box. But we do have
this account that I cannot personally
vouch for, saying Tesla's made a version
of FSD with full functionality available
to its employees in China, version
14.3.2. This info is for reference only.
And separately, Ming said Tesla recently
tweaked a small detail in its employee
FSD trial policy in China. for staff
driving AI4 vehicles. A new clause was
added violating the confidentiality
policy carries a roughly $732,000
penalty. They added, "Take the reports
about an internal release of full FSD14
to Tesla's Chinese staff with a grain of
salt for now." And it follows the reason
Ming said we should take that other
report with a grain of salt is because
if that penalty is in place, then most
likely these Tesla employees are not
leaking or sharing anything with these
anonymous sources. But very clearly none
of this is official. We have to remember
on the Q1 call Tesla said they're now
expecting a broader approval of FSD in
China in Q3 this year. And right now
it's not exactly clear what this limited
approval Tesla has for FSD in China. But
what is clear is it sounds like we'll be
waiting at least another few months
before Tesla gets that broader approval
for FSD in China. But in the interim, it
sounds like Tesla is doing what it can
to accelerate this process and to gather
data to remain and stay competitive in
that market because the competition is
quite strong. If you have time, I'd add
this video to your list from Out of Spec
testing a VW vehicle with Momenta's
self-driving technology.
&gt;&gt; Wow. They need to put this car front and
center at the head office in Wolfsburg
and force the entire group management
team to drive it. This is the mo one of
the most impressive uh pointto-point
drives I've ever had. Um yeah, you you
did a great job with this car. You have
one hell of a product on your hands.
This is so cool. And I think you're
going to shape uh shake up the entire
Volkswagen group, perhaps the whole
western world with this car. We've got a
Zeer 9X heading straight for us right
now, and it's just figuring out that we
got to go now. This guy's got a turn.
We've got a thing to do. I'm not
touching anything.
&gt;&gt; I'll keep covering the wheel, but
it's doing it all. I didn't do anything.
Tesla was also very smooth but like very
vastly different driving conditions.
Like this was much more traffic, much
more uh stuff the car the system has to
focus on. So I am really really
impressed and I can only hope that we
will get this.
&gt;&gt; It just put in a ton of steering lock
and it's making this turn full turn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean first of all the turning radius
is insane on this car. Momenta is not a
name we've talked about much on the
channel because they are a Chinese first
company, but they basically develop the
AI software for autonomous vehicles. The
company's been around for roughly a
decade. It's still private, but they do
have some bigger name investors like GM
and Mercedes, Tencent. Clearly, they're
working in partnership with VW and
others. So, it's almost like if Tesla
had a separate company just building the
neural network for FSD. That's
effectively what Momenta is. They also
take a very datadriven approach focusing
on realworld data to create that
flywheel. And wouldn't you know it,
they're also taking the endto-end neural
net approach, meaning they have a
unified model to handle all layers of
the stack from perception to planning
and control. And primarily they'll have
two different products. One is M Pilot,
which is focused on technically a level
two plus system. So, of course, it has
many of the features that we know from
FSD, but ultimately the driver is still
responsible. And separately, Momenta has
MSD, which is what they call momenta
self-driving. This is where they target
full autonomy level three and four. And
so, they do target all aspects of this
automated driving world. But one big
distinction from Tesla for both
approaches, it is still choosing to use
lidar, but their software is supposed to
be system and chip agnostic. So Momenta
is not making vehicles. It's not making
hardware. It just supplies its software
to these OEMs. And right now there's
likely over 50 different production
models that have been delivered with
this Momenta software. So we're talking
hundreds of thousands of vehicles, many
of which are in China using the
software. Momenta also has a strategic
partnership with Uber to launch in
Europe. So, all that to serve as a loud
reminder that Tesla has plenty of
competition for autonomy in the Chinese
market. It's very different than what we
see here in the United States. Now,
sure, there are plenty of Chinese
companies working on autonomous driving
that don't have advanced technology and
shouldn't be deployed widely. One
example where Huawei's NCA level two
technology did actually hit a child. A
Chinese citizen then called it out on
social media. And Huawei's response,
they said it wasn't a vehicle problem.
And the person that shared the video was
reported to the police and forced to
sign a pledge promising not to spread
negative news about Huawei again. And
there have been reports that Chinese
authorities are suppressing further
discussion about the matter. So yes,
it's a mixed bag over there in China.
Tough to get to the actual truth, but
Momenta will be looking to scale across
the EU with some bigger name legacy auto
companies. So, I wanted to put this
segment in there as a name to watch
moving forward. Tesla Australia pocketed
its first revenue from Australia's new
vehicle emission standards. Tesla earned
$3 million from regulatory credit sold
to legacy car makers that could not meet
their targets under the new vehicle
emission standards that came into force
last year. There was no income from
regulatory credits in previous years.
And believe it or not, battery storage
is a bigger revenue driver for Tesla in
Australia than EVs. Back in 2023,
Tesla's revenue from battery storage was
15%. Fast forward to last year, and that
number is now 55%. This reflects the
surging success of its storage business.
And that's despite a substantial fall in
battery prices over that time. $3
million might not seem like much right
now, but these regulatory credits from
Australia are likely to be around
through 2030, and they might grow over
time. So even if Tesla's regulatory
credits in North America do begin to
dwindle now, simultaneously they're
picking up in other countries around the
world. And the main reason I say these
credits will likely grow for Tesla is
because the emissions targets the
requirements actually tighten every
year, meaning they get harder to
achieve. So other companies are likely
to continually need more credits unless
they move quickly, which we know is
really not a thing that Legacy Auto
does. And not only that, but the first
year of this program in 2025, there was
a surplus of credits earned because the
emissions requirements were looser,
meaning they were easier to hit. So not
as many companies needed credits from
others. But as the requirements become
more challenging, more of Tesla's
competition will need those credits from
Tesla. So far and away, the main story
for Tesla in Australia is indeed battery
storage, and this credit program does
not cover that at all. This is strictly
for vehicles, but it's certainly
something to note. Today, we learned
Nuro has received approval to test Lucid
Gravity robo taxis without a safety
driver on California public roads.
According to the California DMV,
Nurero's existing driverless AV permit
was modified to include the Lucid
Gravity. Nuro has held a driverless
permit in California for 6 years, but
previously it only covered low-speed
autonomous delivery vehicles. A Nuro
spokesperson told the outlet the company
expects to begin driverless testing
later this year, but did not give more
specifics. Nurero must still secure a
driverless ride hailing permit from the
CPU and a separate deployment permit
from the DMV before Uber can offer the
service to paying customers. For now,
Nuro and Uber continue to test Lucid
Gravity robo taxis in autonomous mode
with a safety driver on board. Lucid
said it remains on track for commercial
robo taxi operations to start later this
year, though it acknowledged the scope
of the initial launch, including whether
it will be fully driverless, will depend
on the pace of regulatory approvals. So,
in short, Nuro can now test its fully
autonomous system on Lucid Gravity
vehicles without a driver. But this is
just a clearance from the California
DMV, meaning Nuro would still need two
separate approvals. One from the CPU and
yet another one for the DMV covering
commercial operations, meaning they can
charge for paid rides. But if you saw my
most recent video where we said Tesla
has not yet applied for that CPU permit,
the one for a true AV passenger service,
Nuro also does not yet have that
specific permit that Tesla also has not
yet applied for. So, I know this can be
a bit confusing because there are so
many different permits, but the truth is
Nuro is slightly ahead when it comes to
the DMV approvals toward fully
driverless operations, but neither Tesla
nor Nuro actually have a true AV permit
from the CPU. And it is true that Nuro
now has a driverless permit from the DMV
side that Tesla does not yet have, but
again, this one is just for testing.
Holmar shared a post from S&amp;P Global
Mobility, which I believe might have
been behind a payw wall, but the
takeaway for loyalty rates, February
2026, Tesla in number one at 61.1%.
And here's the screenshot for
verification, Tesla 61.1%.
But the reason I'm sharing it is because
less than one year ago, August of last
year, we got all these headlines. This
one from Reuters, exclusive, Tesla's
brand loyalty collapsed after Elon
backed Trump. Data shows. Fast forward
to today, roughly 9 months later, and
the headlines are now Tesla leads US
brand loyalty again in 2026, beating
Subaru, Toyota, and Ferrari. So, the
data says Tesla owners are choosing to
return to a Tesla for their next vehicle
purchase at a higher rate than any other
brand. So, listen, would that number be
higher if Elon didn't engage in his
political endeavors? Probably. But the
data is still clear. Tesla makes
incredible products that people enjoy.
In a recent Tesla app updates decompile,
they said this is a fantastic addition
for long-term vehicle ownership and a
massive win for the used EV market.
These strings reveal Tesla's adding
official documentation for one of the
most critical components of the car, the
high voltage battery. So, it looks like
Tesla will start providing an official,
easily exportable certificate of repair
right in the app. So, Tesla's giving
owners a tool to prove the health of
their vehicle. So, if your vehicle
underos a major battery repair or
replacement, Tesla will now give you a
digital certificate confirming that. And
it's been maybe one or two years since
we've mentioned it on the channel, but
one of the biggest limiting factors for
the used EV market is consumers being
able to verify the health of the battery
pack. So, this might seem minor, but for
Tesla owners looking to sell their
vehicles on the used market, this will
actually be really nice. As Joe Tetmier
shared, asphalt is now being laid down
at Giga Texas on the new test track. So
rather than Tesla have So rather than
Tesla having to ship vehicles off to a
remote location for this proving ground
type testing, things like handling at
high speeds, braking, acceleration,
durability, all of that. Tesla will now
have that location on site at Giga
Texas. Joe also shared another video of
what appears to be a mystery car under a
cover in the lot at Giga Texas. Frankly,
I don't think it's that much of a
mystery. My guess is this is the Model Y
L. We've seen the public spottings.
We've heard the rumors. It's coming to
the States. And as we said earlier this
week, the release feels imminent. I saw
Sawyer first highlight that Tesla has
increased the price of the Cybertruck
Premium all-wheel drive lease price in
the US by 10%. For now, I'm going to
refrain from reading too far into this.
All I will say is I'm very eager to see
Tesla's Cybertruck sales for Q2 and
really more for Q3. I'm not expecting a
jump to 20,000 a quarter here. I'm just
hoping for a directional improvement.
And based on anecdotal evidence and
deliveries of the lowerric trim into
production, it feels like things will be
trending in a positive direction. Tesla
made it official. The Model Y L has
received a five-star safety rating from
ANCAP. Sawyer also shared he found a new
trademark application for Tesla's next
generation Roadster. It could be the new
Roadster logo or badge. The filing says
the lines depict speed, propulsion,
heat, or wind. And he also shared all
three official nextgen Tesla Roadster
logos and word marks. And something Nick
said I believe is worth sharing. The
shape of the new Roadster logo looks
very similar to Starship V3's QD
receptacle panel, which SpaceX uses to
deliver power, data, grounding, and
auxiliary gases like helium and nitrogen
to the booster right up until liftoff,
then rapidly disconnects it. I think
we've all largely known where the nextG
Roadster is headed with this SpaceX
collaboration. And rather than
speculate, I'll just wait to hear the
actual details that hopefully we'll get
here in the next few weeks. Maybe it's
just me, but I love the idea of these
Tesla lounges at supercharger locations,
especially in locations where there's
not a ton of commerce or where places
close early and so on. And in France,
Tesla's opening one of these in
partnership with BK World in Leon with
28 Superchargers. And this is the fifth
joint location in France. In a first for
the Boring Company, they just announced
the first residential music city loop
serving those living in downtown
Nashville. Residents will take an
elevator directly to a loop station
within the building, board a Tesla, and
be at the airport in around 9 minutes or
lower Broadway in around 2 minutes. And
Rob Mau himself broke his silence
sharing this post saying, "Are you
getting it yet?" So clearly the Boring
Company is building out a new layer of
infrastructure that will impact
residential real estate and over time
will create an entirely new
transportation network that Tesla
vehicles will be a primary part of. So
it won't happen overnight, but over the
long term where Tesla and the Boring
Company are focused on all of these
highra cities, it really is one of those
welcome to the future moments. Early
this morning, Elon said, "This is one of
several locations under consideration
for what will be the largest and most
advanced chip fabrication facility in
the world. That responding to SC
Robinson saying the location will be the
county of Grimes, Texas. Estimated
capital for the initial phase $55
billion. Estimated total investment $119
billion. And to our public knowledge,
remember SpaceX is likely to foot a
majority of this bill. That's because
recently Elon said Tesla would be
covering the R&amp;D chip fab at Giga Texas
and at least to start SpaceX would be
covering the cost for the actual
terraab. My guess here is that Grimes,
Texas is potentially the frontr runner
for the location to be chosen, but this
response from Elon is likely a ploy to
have any other locations still in the
running increase their offer to make it
more attractive for SpaceX to set up
shop there. So, we'll certainly dive
into this more when we have more
concrete information, but for now, the
site is not final. And as expected,
Sawyer said Tesla's ending one-time FSD
purchases across Europe on May 21st this
year. That includes the UK, Germany,
France, Italy, Belgium, Switzerland,
Denmark, and others. So, falling right
in line with Tesla's strategy in North
America. Tesla stock closed the day at
$398.73,
up 2.4% while the NDX was up 2.08%. The
volume was 17% below the average.
Another reminder, turn on notifications
for this weekend to be notified about
the interview that will most likely be
uploaded on Sunday. I hope you all have
a wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.