Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Is It Time to SELL SpaceX and BUY Tesla Stock?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdecN9hlU0w
Published:   2026-06-21 17:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-21 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome and hello everyone on this
beautiful Sunday. We will have a lot of
important things to discuss from Iran
suddenly being at war again and the
straight of Hammoose potentially being
closed again or not. Who knows? Which
would lead to a potential shock to the
stock market tomorrow or not? Who knows?
to the big question of course. What is
going on in the Musk empire in our
favorite stocks Tesla and SpaceX? How do
they relate to each other? What happens
to the merger? And should you sell
potentially SpaceX stock if you are in
it to sell it of course and potentially
buy Tesla? Now that is a very very
difficult an important question of
course and it depends on your general
strategy. If you are a long-term
investor and long-term holder in SpaceX,
I would never encourage anyone to sell
or buy or anything. But here, of course,
we have an important and interesting
situation
because we all know and we have a very
high confidence that SpaceX and Tesla
are going to merge. So in a way selling
SpaceX and buying Tesla doesn't actually
change the fact that you're invested in
that new entity. It is just a question
which of the two stocks is more
economically beneficiary for you
beneficial for you uh when you do that.
So first let's start with SpaceX and
some observations that are kind of
important.
Now I didn't check each individual
number here but here is roughly speaking
the problem for SpaceX.
The problem for SpaceX is that we will
first of all thanks to Tracer here, Defy
Tracer. Uh we have a little list here
and that list tells you how many shares
are actually coming online at each point
in time. As you probably know, at an
IPO, you're not allowed to just sell
your shares if you're a long-term
investor in SpaceX. The people who were
participating in the IPO, they have some
lock up from their brokers. Only the
people who bought after the IPO happened
same day. So when you entered into
SpaceX at 160 or 161, whichever was the
opening price, you can buy and sell any
way you want. But if you got assigned
the IPO shares, you normally have a lock
up period between 15 and 30 days. So
that's the first thing.
Now secondly much more important
right now only 5% of the SpaceX shares
are actually float right so only 5%
today
of the total shares of SpaceX that are
outstanding that are actually in the
hands of investors only 5%
are have been brought on public in the
public markets which means 95% of these
shares are currently locked up by
contractual
you know requirements
and this person here tracer has listed
all the points in time when more unlock
and here's the accumulative the the
accumulative uh float that is unlocked
so here in August 11th the first big
chunk comes online the first big chunk
of pre-existing investors are now is now
allowed to sell and in total that brings
20% of addition float into the market or
an increase by 400%.
Right? So you go from 5% to 25%. And
guess what that means? Unfortunately,
that is 100% just selling shares because
these people already have the shares. So
suddenly 400% more people than right now
are allowed to sell shares into the
market. And it's very hard to see how
the share price survives that without
dropping. Now August 21st,
another 7% come online to a total of
32%. And you see what's going on.
September 10th, another 7% come online
and another 7% and another 7% another
7%.
Uh and then uh we are done. So basically
October 25th, August 11th to October
25th sees a constant constant stream of
new people coming online that can sell
their SpaceX shares. I do not see how
this ends well for the share price to be
completely honest because we know that
SpaceX despite being probably the most
exciting and most amazing company ever
on earth even beating Tesla in theory in
terms of TAM in terms of excitement in
terms of what this thing could
potentially do uh is a little bit
overpriced in my opinion not
fundamentally
but the market doesn't care about
fundamentals the market cares about the
technical ical and mechanical reality.
We can look at SpaceX while we speak
about it. So that is the problem here
that we basically see these things
coming online and that will create
selling pressure. In addition, the
buying pressure on SpaceX that we see
with the index inclusions that's
currently happening is of course also
coming to an end as we speak because the
NASDAQ inclusions, the QQQ ETF and index
fund inclusions, they are now coming
online for the rest of June, which will
create some more buying pressure into
the stock, but then they will get
subdued and fade out. And then August
11th is coming along putting pressure on
SpaceX. And if you look at the SpaceX
share price, uh you probably witnessed
what happened since IPO, right? We saw
this incredible rise. So, it went live
at 161 and 85 cents and then peaked all
the way to 220 and then went on a little
falling spree ending up at 185 but went
as low as 172
and uh I actually just for fun started
selling some naked calls one month
expiration one at 250. So, if it stays
below 250, which I really think it
should, I'm making tiny little bits
amount of money. I'm just doing little
test balloons here because I think this
thing is going down short term. Uh, and
then I sold some at 210 here roughly
here or at 190 here. Some 210s just for
fun to see what happens. So, I'm getting
a feel for the whole thing because I do
think in the coming months they are not
going to be too good for SpaceX. Now
there can be announcements. SpaceX is
probably working on an expansion of
Colossus. In my opinion, Colossus 3
maybe around the corner that will boost
the stock. But the problem is when you
apply any kind of normal Wall Street
metrics on this thing, normal analysts
metrics, it is basically impossible to
get the stock up from here because it is
too richly valued at 2.4 trillion. So
even if you add another 20 billion in
revenue, surprise revenue with Colossus
3, I'm just making this up by the way,
but it might happen.
Even if Elon literally launches Colossus
3, he unlocks another 20 billion in
revenue, maybe 15 billion in margin, it
makes exactly no difference for that
valuation. That is the problem.
So at this point, we are basically
pricing in a vast exciting future with
AI satellites. And these AI satellites,
they will not come to fruition before
end of next year,
earlier in my opinion than most people
think. That's why I'm so excited about
SpaceX dropping hopefully a lot.
Hopefully under 100 this year because I
am absolutely going to load up on this
thing if I can unless I'm already merged
into it with Tesla. So that is the
situation on SpaceX. So generally I am
tactically extremely bearish on the
share price. I'm strategically
ultra bullish on the company which is
perfect because I'm going to wait until
the share drops and then I will buy as
many as I can. Now if we then zoom out
and zoom into Tesla, our favorite little
stock, we see that Tesla has performed
horribly. It has performed horribly for
Q1 as I predicted. Then it performed
well and went up as I predicted. Then it
didn't perform too well, different from
what I predicted because I said it's
going to go to 490 in June. Now it still
can do that. By the way,
it still can do that if Cyber Cap starts
scaling even to only 50 or something. It
will absolutely go to 490 if we scale to
50. But we might not because who knows?
Who knows what Tesla's plan is. We know
that they're deploying more and more of
these cyber caps that everyone is
excited about it and that we see all
these posts about cyber cap sitting
around accumulating more and more of
these amazing cyber caps in Houston, in
Austin, in Nevada, in Florida, all over
the place. We see what's happening. But
of course, Wall Street doesn't care
about that. They care only when it
starts being deployed. And we have
absolutely no idea when that happens. We
can just absolutely guess about this
stuff. I'm guessing still in June
something could very likely happen.
But I show you here the latest of course
June
posting his videos. See all these cyber
caps. So this is coming and therefore
here's my take on Tesla. I remain
bullish on Tesla. I however I admit that
my June calculation so far was wrong and
I was overexposed and bet too much with
my short puts at the money and to a
large extent in the money. That was my
big mistake. I bet on this thing going
up and it just instead went down. I got
squeezed a little bit. I had to
rearrange. So what I'm doing now on
Tesla before we get into SpaceX is on a
very tactical week-to-eek weekly options
strategy basis.
I am much more cautious now. Not in
terms of total exposure. I have high
total exposure long through my options
but I'm going out of the money at the
money. I'm selling 390 here. 395 and
400. I'm trying to stay away from 410
for example, which means I have buffer,
right? So if we fall to 390, even to
385, I can survive that and I I'm not
getting hurt a lot. If we fall to 390,
I'm still making money. If we stay at
400, I'm making a lot of money. If we go
up to 410, I'm making a little bit more
money. If we go to 420, I made the wrong
trade and I'm losing alpha. I'm still
making the same amount of money, of
course, but I am starting to lag behind
the stock. So, I'm betting right now or
I'm preparing more for Okay, this could
be a drag. This could take forever. We
could keep deflating the stock. Now, we
are now in deflation mode.
We are now in a situation where the
stock can just drop and drop and drop
slowly, painfully if Tesla decides to
not scale this thing. So, we can drop
here. We can stay at 400, can go to 390
overtime. We can go to 380 overtime. We
can go to 370 and 350 if Tesla decides
to just not scale. I don't think we are
going to go to 350 if the market is
stable. But we have to dig in and
prepare for a long and slow and painful
decline until this happens. This having
said I still do believe
it could happen at any point in time and
that makes this whole trade tricky that
they start deploying cyber caps. So we
are in this extremely tricky situation
that our default default mode should be
decline deflating decline constant
selling pressure
while at the same time at any freaking
moment this thing can go to 490. So how
do I play this? I'm digging in. I am
remaining super bullish and leveraged
through short puts, but I'm cautious and
prepare for every week. Losing 10
doesn't hurt me. That is how I'm
preparing. At the same time, we need to
be absolutely on top of the news every
single day, every single minute and see
if anything happens on the cyber cap
side. And if it happens, we have to
absolutely shift gears into fullon
leveraged bullish. So I'm telling you my
pioneer alpha weekly tactical trade.
Very dangerous stuff. Don't do it at
home. I'm just telling you how I
prepare. Of course I maintain a core
position. But that core position is not
levered. Which means if Tesla, if I
would just have the core position, Tesla
goes to 490, I will have negative alpha.
my portfolio will go up a lot but it
will go up less than 100% Tesla
portfolio. That's why I have to surround
this core position with some of these
short put strategies. Okay. Now if you
take a step back and don't need to make
money every single week if you just have
to win over a annual or half annual time
frame. Would I rather own SpaceX or
Tesla? Would I rather own
this amazing company here? Is that the
company I want to own right now as of
June 21st, 2006?
Or would I rather own this company? That
is the big question. Is it golden cyber
caps?
Is it golden cyber caps or is it shiny
shiny blue earth rockets? H the decision
is very easy. It is not the rockets. It
is the cyber caps that I want to own
right now because the stock Tesla is
absolutely down in the basement. There's
some more floors below the basement by
the way, but it's in the basement. It's
far below its all-time high. Whereas
SpaceX
also being below its all-time high, but
its all-time high being much more
ridiculous and hyped through an IPO.
This thing has to potentially
drop down to 135 and below.
this year before we start the grand rise
and this rise will be extreme. It will
be long-term. It will be continuous. It
will be relentless and it will be the
best company that anyone has ever owned.
I deeply believe that is true about
SpaceX. My intent is to be full on into
SpaceX at some point, but not now. And I
believe the next six to nine months are
the perfect entry point to load up on
SpaceX. That's what I think. I have a
video coming out tomorrow, by the way,
on the exact merger math. That's going
to be a big one where I explain why
Alexandra and everyone else is a little
wrong on the entire merger math. why
this is not the way to think about the
merger and that is and why we actually
have to think about a totally different
way of doing the calculations.
How much SpaceX is going to pay for
Tesla
and how many shares Tesla is going to
get from SpaceX for that acquisition.
So, this will be a very interesting
video, but we can talk about this later.
Let's go into the comments and see what
you guys think.
chat.
Let's see what the pioneers do all
across pioneer lands. From Sydney to Los
Angeles to Austin to New York and Miami
to London
and Madrid to Berlin, Frankfurt,
Cologne, Stockholm and Copenhagen and
Amsterdam. So we have Instagramar says,
"Hia hia Instagar Chris. Hi Joe. Can you
speak to the fears of Tesla being
diluted because of the merger of SpaceX?
Yes, I can talk about this. Hey, heyi,
from Nordic man.
No lock up on Interactive Brokers.
That's good.
Good morning from Phoenix. Oh, I
overlooked Phoenix. Sorry about that.
Phoenix, Arizona, a great city. Leonardo
says we are live. I believe that it has
a bigger chance going back down to 135
before breaching 240.
Absolutely. I think Leonardo is
absolutely right on that. I think it
will fall below 135 to be honest.
Sean
question is the data center AI compute a
sustainable business for SpaceX. My
concern is how many companies can spend
that type of money to rent compute
power? Uh Sean, I do think it is
extremely sustainable because when you
when you look at the backlog for all
compute buildout on Earth, it is
enormous. We have an enormous backlog
and that is all you need to know. There
is infinite demand for AI because right
now it's very simple. Every piece of AI
compute you can buy for a dollar makes
you $3 in revenue. That is that is
roughly what it is right now. You can
just buy infinite amounts of that stuff
and sell it for more. It's literally a
money printing machine and that is why
it's completely booked out all across
the world.
Ken says Tesla is a buy now. I think so
too. First of all, because of the
merger, tomorrow my video is coming out.
I will show you guys the exact math. The
exact math, not blah blah math, not one
to one merger, not one to2 merger. I
will tell you in dollars, in share
prices, in exact percentage ownerships
of the companies in different scenarios.
Are you planning to offer short-term
one-year or two-year Tesla plus 50
bonds? Uh the Pioneer bonds right now we
have three-year Tesla plus 50 bonds. So
the bonds that where you participate on
Pioneer Alpha
all the way up to Tesla or SpaceX
performance in case of merger but Tesla
or whatever entity it becomes that is
your benchmark performance water high
watermark performance. So all the gains
I'm making up to that point you get all
the gains I make beyond that you get
half of it. Right now it's a three-year
term. Uh right now we're not planning to
have a shorter runtime but uh if we get
enough requests it's easy for us to
design. We are Luxembourg securitization
vehicle. So it's easy to create new
bonds if we have enough demand.
Scaling to 50 doesn't quite seem the
right word.
Scaling to 50. When did I say that? Um,
just do opposite on what mainstream news
says. What does mainstream news says? I
I think mainstream news probably says
buy SpaceX, which is wrong. Leonardo
says absolutely. If it goes below 100,
I'm buying like crazy. That's insane.
SpaceX sub 100. It's like when Tesla was
at 12. Well, if you look at revenue
multiples, if SpaceX had the same
revenue multiple as Tesla, it would be
at $35.
So, that's bad news. But I I think
SpaceX should have a premium over the
Tesla revenue multiple. You just have to
understand SpaceX is vastly too
expensive right now compared to Tesla,
compared to Palanteer, compared to
Enthropic and compared to OpenAI. It is
vastly too expensive on any metric.
Revenue multiple, EITA multiple,
whatever
media is pumping SpaceX. Absolutely. I
think the media is totally whatever. Uh
they will pump this thing as much as
they can. There's a clear incentive to
pump SpaceX to the moon, but that's not
a good thing for shareholders.
Sean
X says, "Loaded up more and only have a
minor allocation for SpaceX X is way too
hyped at the moment." 100% correct,
Sean. Ixt. I agree. Med 100 says, "Is
the charging infrastructure set up for
all these robo taxis?" Who knows? I know
that Tesla bought or acquired real
estate in Dallas. They have massive real
estate in Austin. Uh I don't know about
Houston. Uh and they probably have
prepared the Bay Area. So,
you know, this is one of these things.
This is not a big deal to build out
charging infrastructure, especially for
robo taxis in clearly defined locations
like Phoenix, Arizona, like the Bay
Area, like LA, like Houston, Dallas, and
Austin. This is easy to do for them.
It's like a month of work. I'm not
concerned about any kind of bottlenecks
on charging
because we don't have to. You have to
understand if you deploy a thousand
cyber caps, you're golden for Austin,
for example.
For now,
uh Sean says loaded up more on Tesla. I
think if you're a little, you know, if
you don't need the money next week or in
two months, loading up on Tesla is
probably a good idea.
Neil in Thailand, that's a very good
name. That tells us exactly where you
are. Neil in Thailand. Joe, have you
heard the news? Tesla smashed through a
house and killed a 76 year old lady on
June 19th in Houston, Texas. I saw
something on X. I have to read up on
that if that's all true. Uh, but who
knows, right? If that was on probably
not on
uh probably not on FSD.
If Tesla and SpaceX were to merge, do
you recommend selling SpaceX to buy
Tesla?
Yes. So you mean Yeah. I think the
merger happens this year.
Not a guarantee, but I think it's more
likely than not. I think they in full
preparation to do that. My video
tomorrow will cover the scenarios and
why it's actually a good idea. It will
also propose my ratchet
or I will explain why I think they have
to do a ratchet mechanism.
Uh, and that will be very interesting
and you will see why. And if that
happens, you would be much better off
owning Tesla.
Andy says, "Hi Joe. If a merger is
announced in the next couple of weeks,
let's say couple of months, how do you
see Tesla stock reacting?"
Um,
that will depend a lot that will depend
a lot on the exact proposed mechanic. If
they propose or if they offer the
acquisition with my ratchet mechanic,
Tesla will go to exactly the acquisition
price,
which is likely to be 600 in my opinion.
So, it would be less. It's risky for
them to do that. And so the odds the
odds that Tesla's stock will be at 600
by August are actually high by the way
not because of Cyber Cap or independent
of Cyber Cap because of this whole
merger situation. So I think with Tesla
we are really in a situation now where
we have a massive upside that is totally
not priced in because of this merger
even if Cybercap would fail to scale and
that is another huge reason why I would
sell SpaceX if I had any and buy Tesla
because that's an a very nice return
50%.
Bilis says, "Que2 delivery numbers will
probably be pretty good, too. That
should help the stock to stay afloat." I
agree. Uh, Leonardo says, "Haha, you're
right, Joe. We're looking at staying 400
to 370. If things stay the same,
however, if Tesla goes to 350, I'm
buying." Yes.
Hit the like button. Exactly. I couldn't
have said it more perfectly. Hit the
like button. very important. If Tesla
merges with SpaceX, Elon will have full
control of everything. That is correct.
Uh your vote will never again matter and
he would not be obligated to fulfill the
conditions of his pay package.
Why not? He would still be obligated to
fulfill the conditions of his pay
package to get his pay. So that last
piece is not correct. Billy Rocket,
you're right that then Elon has complete
control of the company, but for the pay
package
uh he would still need, by the way,
shareholder approval because he has to
actually abstain from the vote. He
cannot vote for his own pay package. So
the fact that he controls 78 to 80% of
the new company by votes does not mean
he can vote on his own pay package
because he is affected. So he cannot
vote on things that are directly
uh benefiting him and so nothing
changes.
Um it's a long time since I was all-time
high was in my 20s.
Nordic man. So you turned 30 between
December 2025 and now in the last six
months. Congratulations.
SpaceX will merge. Why? by
then. Well,
the point is if you have the choice,
right? I think if you had a million
dollars in SpaceX or a million dollars
in Tesla,
the million dollars in Tesla will be
more money, a bigger chunk of that new
entity than a million dollars in SpaceX
today. That is what I believe.
Why don't you short SpaceX? Well, I
actually I am short a little bit. Maybe
I'm not allowed to say that, but I'm a
little short. I have sold a naked call
or multiple naked calls. 210, 250, one
month runtime. If it goes above 210,
which could absolutely happen, I lose a
little money, but I don't care. It's not
like a big bet. I'm just starting to
calibrate.
Tesla going to tank on Monday with this
accident in Houston, Texas. I don't
think I have to read up on this, but
this doesn't look like serious. Uh, is
it I'm sure it wasn't on FSD. Should I
look it up? Is the accident in Texas on
FSD or was it just a Tesla? It was just
a Tesla a crazy person on a Tesla. Texas
Tesla accident. Let's see. I saw it, but
this is definitely not
Here it is.
Whoa,
that's crazy.
That was definitely not It was
definitely not I shouldn't laugh. This
is terrible if someone died. But this is
definitely not something on FSD.
A Tesla on autopilot crashed into my
home yesterday and now my mom is gone.
It's horrible. I don't know what to
believe. believe the driver said it was
on autopilot. We will know the
toxicology report later today, but my
mom was hit and we are just devastated.
This is horrible. But you can totally
forget that this was on FSD.
Uh that's for sure. So I would say this
is a complete for devastating for the
family, but it's a complete no news.
Uh I'm much more concerned about Iran.
Okay, what do we have here?
Can you speak to the fears of Tesla
being diluted because of the I just
commented on this?
I hope SpaceX makes an Optimus version
of Marvin the paranoid android. I think
you ought to know. I'm very depressed.
Yeah, I can't wait for depressed robots.
That's going to be very interesting.
Uh ILJ
Q8G
says most of the alleged Tesla accidents
are later revealed as not Tesla fault.
Yes, exactly. And that's exactly that.
Uh what is Megapod? Is that what links
Tesla inference computers together? So
Marty asks about Megapod. I don't know.
I know exactly what it is. I don't know
how important that is. This is just a
patent filed by Tesla.
So when we look into the whole megapod
situation
who has the best
uh report bolt theory maybe. So megapod
is basically a patent. Is it a patent?
What is it exactly? Megapod is
a trademark application. Okay. It's a
trademark application, so not a patent.
And the idea of mega pot is very big,
very important, very SpaceX, by the way.
This is much more SpaceX than Tesla. And
the fact, here's the more important
point. The fact that this is filed as a
trademark under Tesla gives away
something very important. It gives away
that they are merging very soon. Because
if there would not be merging this year,
this would have been filed under SpaceX
because it's a total SpaceX business.
Let me explain what it is. Megapods are
basically micro data centers of this
size, small data centers that are
distributed. What is so basically you
have AI GPU compute in these little mega
ports.
What is the advantage of doing it
distributed and not in mega data
centers, gigawatt or you know hundreds
of megawatt data centers? The advantage
is that you can actually plug it into
the grid much more effectively that you
don't need crazy permits that you can
put it onto these supercharger locations
and create gigawatts of compute in a
distributed way. therefore out competing
and outpacing
everyone else. Project Stargate, all the
other people. It is a perfect hack to
actually get compute online
terrestrially uh much faster than anyone
else using the existing Tesla assets.
Maybe that's why Tesla has to do it
because it's on the superchargers. So
imagine what are the big bottlenecks?
Energy and permitting.
Energy and permitting. These data
centers take years, years, many years.
In Europe, five years. In United States,
still two to three years to get the
permissions for this stuff. And then you
need to prove how you connected to the
grid, how you not use too much energy,
blah blah blah.
I assume that Tesla in the superchargers
has basically already the permits to
operate certain electricity consuming
things like superchargers
as part of that permit. And these mega
pods are designed to not require
additional permitting. Which means we
have hundreds and hundreds of locations
where you can deploy tens and tens of
kilowatts in other words gigawatts of
compute with no permit required.
This is just another example and I don't
want to hype it too much. Who the hell
knows if this is actually happening? But
it's a good idea and it makes total
sense and it's just another example of
Tesla and Elon totally outsmarting,
outperforming and out asset combining
everyone else. So that could be very
valuable.
And to just give you an idea, look at
Tesla's EIT. Look at Tesla's free cash
flow. Okay, what is it? 4 billion three
and a half billion free cash flow for
the entire Tesla corporation. If you
would bring a few gigawatts of compute
online, you could double, triple, and
quadruple that free cash flow of Tesla
just with compute. And if that happens,
oh my god,
we in a good shape.
So that's the mega part. I don't want to
hype it too much. Who the hell knows?
But uh it might work.
So very good question Marty Party.
Very big money makers. I'll vote for the
merger if he can get at least 600 dude
autonomy. You have to tune in tomorrow
cuz I will cover the exact math of that
acquisition
because what people forget for example
Alexandra Mertz when she says oh we are
going to merge 101 Joe's crazy it's not
going to be one or two we have to all
understand this is not even how it works
okay it is not how it works if a merger
is announced you announce the merger as
a share price acquisition it's a merger
says well SpaceX is going to acquire
Tesla at $600 for example share
enterprise, right? They are going to put
an offer on the table to say, "We will
buy you for that much money. For
example, we will buy you for $1.88
trillion, which is the equivalent of
$600 share price." That is the first
step. And then Tesla has to vote on it.
Of course, the currency of that
acquisition will be SpaceX stock. So the
question what percentage of SpaceX we
get for $600 of Tesla is a totally
different question that cannot be
answered at the moment of offering
because we have to wait until the vote
happens and when this merger actually
potentially gets executed which
introduces a lot of risk and uncertainty
for everyone involved because then no
one knows how Tesla is going to vote
because getting 600 bucks per share
sounds good but if in November you have
to vote for that and SpaceX is for some
reason at $3 trillion,
you're not going to vote yes because you
will only own 33% of the new entity. And
that's not okay with us. That's why they
have to introduce a ratchet and say,
"Well, we acquiring you for 600 bucks
or
for the equivalent of SpaceX market cap,
whichever
is greater if SpaceX is over 1.88 88
trillion, the equivalent of $600 Tesla,
then we get more. We get exactly the
same amount as SpaceX is worth. If
SpaceX falls below 1.88 trillion, then
the ratchet kicks in and we get the 600
bucks and SpaceX has to pay more than
its value for acquiring Tesla. Because
if we do that, if SpaceX makes that
offer, it can be reliant on a yes vote
because then Tesla will vote yes because
then it's a good deal. that it's a
ratchet. If SpaceX shoots over 1.88
trillion, we get more. If it falls
below, we get 1.88, which means we will
always vote yes. If that ratchet is
missing and they're just offering 600
bucks and saying, "Well, we pay you
whatever share of SpaceX is 600 bucks of
Tesla equivalent or 1.88 trillion." No
one knows how the vote goes because no
one knows where SpaceX will be and then
potentially Tesla will say, "No, I'm not
going to sell Tesla for 10% of SpaceX."
Well, 10% would be a little extreme. But
you know what I'm saying?
The delays for robots must be
infrastructure related, says Mike in
summer said.
I don't know. Who knows what's happening
with Optimus? I know. I think robots are
very complicated, especially if you have
to make them work, if you need the world
models for it, and if you need to have
the supply chains ready. So, this is a
very complicated endeavor. Politically
incorrect. 1 2 3 4 5 says, "Why do you
think the lip tart media is pumping
SpaceX when they clearly hate Elon?"
Well, the lip tart media is not so much
lip tart, they're just corrupt. Never
forget that, right? There might be some
lip tarts in there, but they're mostly
corrupt.
And SpaceX is a very big deal and
everyone gets bribed. That's why they're
pushing SpaceX. They're getting bribed
not by SpaceX, by the banks who now own
the shares. So now they're pumping it.
They need to pump it. Everyone needs to
pump SpaceX because they're not allowed
to sell until August 11th and then all
the way to October as I showed you. So
all the big dudes who are part of this
little corrupt scheme called
today's capitalism, all of these people
bribe the media, force the media, kick
the media in their little butts to pump
SpaceX and the pumping will stop exactly
here. I can you can see exactly where
the pumping stops. The pumping stops
October 25th.
it will get subdued a little bit but on
October 25th suddenly the pumping stops
and then maybe the trashing starts who
knows because these people here they
will not pump the 100% people Elon and
the long-term big shareholders are not
going to pump because they cannot keep
pumping endlessly but these people are
going to pump pump all the way to
October 25th so that's how you can
politically incorrect can predict how
long the pumping is going to
Starship cadence and progress will
affect SpaceX stuff. That is correct,
but it can't affect it too much in 2026
to be honest. If you have a nice version
14 launch or something of Starship, if
you have any good announcements, this is
all nice,
but it's not going to change much.
What's going to change a lot if we have
good news on the AI satellites but this
cannot happen this year will happen next
year and where things really will kick
in is once the SpaceX satellites work
and the first large contracts are
announced then we are talking but that
is 12 months in the future.
Joe is Echoar something we should pursue
as a back door to cost effective space
currently 100 share this is very tricky
because Ecostar is not just doesn't just
own SpaceX stock it's also a company a
very complicated company with lots of
liabilities and all kinds of issues so
analyzing Ecostar is not that easy right
you can't just say how much stock do
they own of SpaceX and therefore how
much should they be worth they have a
lot of problems and that drags down you
know the valuation So it's it's actually
a complicated private equity, you know,
uh company valuation exercise that I
didn't do. So I would not recommend just
buying a Kusta. Also, why do you need a
back door? Uh you can always be
guaranteed by something like that. It's
not a cost-effective SpaceX because
everyone knows about it and smart
cookies have analyzed that. So I do not
think there's big alpha in echo star.
It's very hard to outsmart something
when all the smart people already know
about it and did the math.
You said Tesla hasn't started scaling
robo taxi, but aren't they scaling but
still at the bottom of the scurve?
Well, well, well, you know the
situation. You know the situation
with CyberCap. Of course, there is some
scaling going on. There's I think
serious scaling going on with Cyber Cap,
but it's not being deployed. And I know
that the market is not going to reward
Tesla for scaling Cyber Cap without
deploying it, even though they should in
my opinion. So, we are at the mercy of
Tesla
unlocking this whole thing. As long as
they don't do it, we not going to get
any reward. Even if there are 10,000
cyber caps deployed in parking lots, if
they don't drive, they will not be
considered for the stock.
Whimo needs more lighter. Absolutely.
We saw some more accidents and weird
behavior of Whimo. They definitely need
more lighter.
Very important.
Uh Neil in Thailand, ABC News, it did
happen was not FSD but autopilot.
Whatever they call that safe driving
story is bad. No, it's not it's not
significant enough in my opinion.
Alcohol involved. Yes. Yes. Yes. What's
your SpaceX predication tomorrow? 185 to
200 or pull back. I can't make super
short-term predictions for SpaceX, but
we know that SpaceX is now in a
downtrend. it's going to get dragged
down and it has also some more buying
pressure coming in depending on the
rebalancing of these NASDAQ ETFs and
index funds. So, it's like a push and
pull, you know, over the next two weeks.
I think it will have a very hard time to
get its mojo back because just too
overvalued right now. shouldn't say
overvalued because I think it's
strategically undervalued but from a
market tactical perspective I think it's
overvalued and there is a massive drag
down and it will be held up a little bit
by this new buying pressure coming in or
the continued buying pressure keeping up
for the next couple of weeks but then
ooh it's not looking good
is Iranian uncertainty and higher oil
price a catalyst for Tesla yes but it's
a negative catalyst it's a negative
negative catalyst for the markets if
this escalates again. Now, I think the
market is pretty immunized
against Iran. At this point, it's very
clear that Trump wants the hell out of
there. JD Vance wants out of there. I
saw the recent tweet of Trump where he
said nasty things about Iran first. He
bashed
bashed Netanyahu and Israel and said how
bad they are and that they must be a
much better job in Lebanon. They're
irresponsible.
And then a few hours ago I saw that he
said, "Oh, if if ifah
doesn't stop attacking Israel, then the
US will attack Iran."
I think the markets are a little tired
of this. They look through it and say,
"Okay, fine. This thing is kind of
over." That doesn't mean if this trade
is closed or no one knows if it's closed
or not right now. I saw contradicting
reports. Uh that doesn't mean that there
could be some additional market pressure
again, but I don't think so. I I think
Iran is like a little bit over.
24 years of private equity is stuck in
SpaceX. People with money and power are
pumping the stock long enough to trigger
unlocks, then it drops. Exactly. Dave
Johnson is 100% right. So, you can
predict
the pumping. It will go all the way to
October 25th.
Prepare for massive pumping.
Um leisure real estate. I'll start
buying SpaceX at 140.
You know what? I don't have an exact
SpaceX price. When I start buying, I
will buy it purely on technicals because
who knows where the bottom is. I don't
know if the bottom is at 50 or at 140.
We have to figure that out.
I don't care too much fundamentally
because it's a good buy at 140 in 2026
even if it keeps dropping a little bit
more because this is a seriously
absolutely mind-boggling company under
two trillion whatever it's fine with me
but that's why I'm not waiting for a
specific price. I'm looking at the
chart. I'm looking at the behavior of
the stock. I'm factoring in the buying
pressure and selling pressure. So if we
get to 140 let's say before August
uh I'm definitely not buying. If we get
there in November
and we are boting bottoming out there a
little bit there I would start buying
even though the uptrend catalyst will I
think take some time from there. So I do
think that SpaceX will experience some
forcing function catalysts that are
sustainable in the second half of 2027.
So we have some time.
I might be
a minority but what is exactly I don't
get your point. Uh Ken says the media
hits Tesla. Yeah, it's true.
We are about five months away from Tesla
being flat for five years. Yeah, but
even if it goes to force 20 or
something, it's still flat.
EDS. Exactly. Shaunix
FSD saved me two times driving from
Vermont to DC. Yes, two times in one
trip. Amazing. I might be a minority
here, but I think the merger won't
happen.
That's a steep theory. I am very
convinced it happens and Jimath is very
convinced and most people are very
convinced.
Tesla Granny says, "Hi Joe. Always enjoy
hearing your thoughts." Thank you so
much Tesla Granny. I appreciate it. Uh
Sean X, Legacy Media is being disrupted.
X is now the preferred worldwide. Well,
we are on a good path. Let me put it
like this, Sean. There's still work to
do, but yes, we on a good good track.
Uh I don't believe the joint venture
thing. I think uh Warren Red
said that but I don't buy it. I think
it's very clear we need a merger because
Elon wants to streamline this whole
operation. And don't forget we have to
become a Kardash 2 civilization. This is
not a joke. It's very serious. And in
order to have look you have to think in
first principles. First principle means
you have limited lifetime. Very likely
Elon has a limited lifetime. He can't
waste his time with stupid things. What
is stupid governance of two different
companies and all these wasted
timelines. So Elon is going to optimize
for output per time in total for the
master plan for the complete master plan
and that is the reason why I am
convinced that a merger has to happen.
That's why I'm also convinced it has to
happen soon. Uh because why not? If it's
not soon, then we keep wasting one more
year of time. That's stupid.
The merger might not happen until 2027.
That might be, but I think the
announcement would be now. So, let's
see.
Bla1 Hudson, do you think 2-year 200
leap
is a pretty safe bet premium is around
1,200?
You mean 200 leap? 1,000
200.
I don't understand. What do you mean by
200? Leap strike price 200. How can it
be 1,200 premium then?
I don't understand that. Uh Tesla is the
faster horse. Yes. Nordic man. Thank
you, Joe. Now I'll watch Zabin
Hosenfelder. Lots of Germans on my tube.
Zabin Hosenfelder is very smart. He's a
physicist. Yes.
Uh,
doing the merger sooner would be a bonus
to SpaceX shareholders. It's likely
coming before the lock up ends. 2.5
SpaceX shares
for each Tesla.
Let's see about that. If you buy Tesla
plus 50 bond now and Tesla plus SpaceX
merge, will that bond automatically
rename to Space X50 plus bond? No, it
won't be renamed, but the new benchmark
will be SpaceX. Yes. So the Pioneer bond
Tesla plus 50 uses Tesla performance
from the initiation of the bond uh and
goes up to that threshold. If there is a
merger, it goes up to the threshold of
Tesla performance until that point in
time and then switches to the new entity
and continues with the performance of
that entity. So if Tesla is up 50% for
example when the merger happens that's
locked in that is the benchmark and then
it starts at zero for the new entity and
if the new entity then goes up another
50% then it's 50% plus compounding 50%.
the the threshold, the high watermark.
ABC News is total garbage. It's true.
And no news on the way more recall. Of
course not. There's a huge framework.
They recall all
is Tesla the biggest company for the
next 100 years? No. SpaceX. What time of
company would be even bigger? I cannot
think of anything. So the best strategy
is to buy Tesla for the next 200 years.
Well, we don't know what 200 years.
Right now, SpaceX is the biggest
opportunity,
but Tesla is a way of getting SpaceX
cheaper and is also a great opportunity
in the meantime and uh has a better
valuation. Probably accidental
disengagement for the crash. Yes,
I want scaled root taxi unsupervised FSD
scaled semis semis sub 3000 model 30,000
model 3 useful optimist demo before the
merger that's a lot of things let's see
could happen
needs to prove its worth to Tesla not
the other well with my strategy watch my
video tomorrow because I explain how
this all doesn't matter anymore if you
do it right and a smart acquisition
offer needs to be good in order to have
confidence
that everyone is voting yes. Otherwise,
you're introducing risk and no one likes
risk. Risk is bad. Unnecessary risk.
Hard to count out SpaceX if they hit
their milestones. Most things are
relying on Starship successful payload
delivery. Well, Sean, the problem is
there are not too many milestones in
2026 that can even be achieved. We can
have a version 14 or something. That's
all great, but it's just okay, fine. We
on track. Tesla has stronger catalysts
this year.
Even though we all know FSD is way safer
than human drivers, how does Tesla watch
huge lawsuits when FSD ends up playing
significant role when FSD rarely causes
deaths?
That is a good question. It's a legal
question. I don't know how you structure
that legally. Maybe they have all kinds
of little LLC's for each state or
something.
Is SpaceX even probable right now? No.
space is losing massive amounts of money
because of XAI but Starink is highly
profitable and it's scaling fast and XAI
is also becoming much more profitable.
We don't have the latest actually in
after the Google and anthropic deals. Uh
I think now SpaceX is actually
profitable if we add it all up. I think
they had 5 billion losses or something
and now they should have 10 billion EVA.
So that happened very quickly.
No way. That was an FSD.
What do we have? Elon called the giant
rockets. Exactly.
Way more recall. Google throwing more
money at dumpster fire. Exactly.
Uh
Leonardo. Exactly. And what m misleads
the world is people think way more will
work. Tesla being opportunities.
Exactly. Politically incorrect says Joe.
Even though it's a fact FSD is way safer
than human drivers, how will Tesla avoid
huge lawsuits when FSD does cause
crashes that lead to deaths?
Well, there will be huge lawsuits
probably.
Uh, but there will be insurance. You
have to pay, but there will be
insurance.
Uh, the lighter VHS has to be rewinded.
Be kind and yes, exactly.
here. Will a merger cause tax events for
Tesla holders?
Let me think. So, you hold Tesla, you're
being acquired, it's being exchanged. I
think technically and legally, no.
That's what I think. Because you didn't
sell,
you're getting that stuff exchanged.
So, I'm not a tax advisor, but my gut
feeling would tell me based on the
options research I did, which is kind of
legally a very similar situation.
Um,
see common tax scenarios in a merger,
stock for stock, which is exactly that.
If a mandatory merger or takeover
requires you to trade your old shares
strictly for stock in the surviving
company, it's generally not an immediate
taxable event. You do not pay capital
gains tax until you sell the new shares
later.
This is not a guarantee. This is not tax
advice, but I would say so intuitively
that this is not a taxable event since
this is not an exchange for stocks
against cash, but a forced merger stocks
by stocks.
Q2 earnings says Brian Hi call question.
How many robo taxes can an average
regional Tesla service center support
for maintenance and servicing? Uh,
honestly, I don't think that matters
because a regional Tesla service center
will not be in charge of the robo taxi.
There will be new dedicated service
centers being set up for robo taxis
because Tesla service centers regionally
are designed to handle the current Tesla
customers. Therefore, they should not
have much capacity for anything and
they're not prepared for this. So, there
will be new service centers. I would be
pretty sure about that. We actually saw
the Dallas uh real estate deal that
Tesla where Tesla acquired some building
very likely for exactly that.
Give me one good reason for a merger. It
makes zero sense says the truth is out
there. Uh I disagree from a Tesla from a
Elon perspective makes a ton of sense.
Why would you have two whole
infrastructures for public companies
including the board and all these
fiduciary things when you only need one?
Because effectively it's one company. It
has one mission,
you know, abundance, sustainable
abundance, sustainable ubiquitous
intelligence. Uh you see it now with
Tesla mega pot or whatever this thing is
called, the distributed data centers.
This is normally SpaceX territory. But
Tesla superchargers is the pathway. Then
you need Optimus on the moon. You need
all kinds of things. Tesla needs massive
compute. So there are lots of synergies
here.
Oh, what do we have here? A lot of us
will say no as retail investors unless
the price is right. Yes, Bob Huber.
Watch my video tomorrow. Tomorrow I have
the video out where I will go into the
details of the merger deal.
The first time anyone does that because
everyone else is just talking random
stuff like oh one to one merger, one to
two merger. Like we need to talk about
money.
Sean says synergies between the two and
easier management for Elon. Gwin
Shotwell said that. Yes.
Tesla hurts legacy auto. SpaceX doesn't.
True. That's why the media hates Tesla.
Gordon Johnson loves Elon. Is that true?
I think Gordon Johnson is he the guy who
switched from bear to bull. No, the
other guy, the little short guy.
Uh, as an attorney, I can tell you all
car manufacturers built these costs in.
However, as a factual matter, Tesla's
proof fast with FSD so will be less
fatals. Yes,
nextG styling satellites will be 10x
bandwidth. Exactly 10 times 1,000%
improved bandwidth. Let that sink in the
new styling satellites.
Would anyone buy an ICE vehicle? No. I'm
shower since 2019 and mega Tesla bulb,
but FSD is now one week active in
Belgium, but it is not working well.
multiple series issues and many
takeovers in one week with 200
kilometers driven says Andy Peters
interesting feedback so that's your
personal experience that FSD is not
working well in Belgium good or no we
need that feedback
g says people still think Teslas are
expensive they're shocked when I tell
them they can buy a nice used one for
20k yes
says is
you'll be surprised. A lot of people
don't believe in EVs and the oil
companies. Yeah, there still EV ice
people, but in Europe and the US, it's
really expanding.
Raymond Mclaflin says, "Unfortunately,
I'm too old to go long. 10% a year
profit for five years takes our expected
and taxes. robots in Texas could have
doubled my investment in another two
years. It's true.
FSD still has a lot of work to do in
Europe. Not good enough to be released.
Good to know. Let's see how well, we
should track this, Andy, and see how
much how quickly it improves in Belgium.
And what version do you have? That's
very important. Do you have 14.3.4?
All of my family converted to the Model
Y. They are so surprised and happy. It
works great in the US, says Ken. Europe
will come around when it's proven safe
in North America.
Young dude says Joe mergers and we buy
you at X share price. They are we merge
at this exchange rate.
No, that's not true. Young dude, look it
up.
Look at just any deal. Look at the
cursor deal. No one does that. That
you're buying a company for a specified
price. That's how it goes. Look at the
cursor deal. It was a $10 billion call
option to acquire cursor at 60 billion.
That's how people talk. That's how
people do mergers. They say what the
price is.
Your best guess when you might buy
SpaceX.
Well, I explained this before. Uh I
don't have a fixed price. I'm looking at
the dynamics of the chart. I think we
have this selling pressure as you can
see here in this, you know, in this
thing I'm showing here. Look at this.
That's what I think is going to happen.
And that is what I'm looking at here.
Make it big. Um so
I can't see myself buying this thing
before November. Okay.
Because
you know this has to happen. We have to
see we have to see all these unlocks so
people can sell their shares because
this is all 100% selling pressure.
There's no buying pressure. It's all
selling pressure. So the stock will come
down inevitably in my opinion. And the
only counterbalancing factor to these
unlocks is some good news. But given the
valuation we have right now, what good
news possibly could move the needle? Not
much because it's too high.
Oh my god, why do we have so many
messages today?
132 messages. What is happening to the
comments? Why are there so many comments
today? I think today is the first day
where we can't answer all the comments
getting drowned.
Okay, let's see what we have. Media
heads Elon. Yes, yes, yes. Do they show
version three Optimus before after merge
announcement?
Um
I mean
uh that's a very interesting question. I
think if they want to avoid showing
version three Optimus before the merger
or before the merger vote ah they will
have to delay this whole thing for six
months. I don't know. I honestly don't
know if they have to delay it again.
That would be a little embarrassing
because they just said they would show
us version 3 Optimus I think in a month
from now. And if they want to avoid
interfering the merger with version 3
Optimus, they have to push this into
2027 which would be annoying.
Okay, where are we?
$200 call with a strike price for June
has a premium of 12. I don't understand.
Oh, are you talking SpaceX?
Are you talking SpaceX, not Tesla? Ah,
now it makes more sense. Wait, so June
2028, $200 call has a premium of 12.
Interesting. I have to look that up.
That's very interesting. But I wouldn't
speculate on SpaceX right now. I would
give it six to nine months before I even
start thinking about the share price
because right now it's completely
distorted.
And yes, I think shorting SpaceX short
term makes a ton of sense. It's just a
little dangerous depending how many
other people short it because when you
short naked, you have to be cautious
because SpaceX can also go shortterm to
10,000 or whatever if there's a squeeze.
Joe, it feels SpaceX is there. Tesla was
in 2020 and that's and that
it at its market cap that will take five
years to grow into. How can Tesla
merging with SpaceX at this point in
time be a good thing? I don't see it.
Um,
that's a good question. It depends on
the exact terms. It's all about the
terms. If you merge one to one into
SpaceX,
I think it's a fair deal on a
fundamental level because then it's
fair. But if it's share price driven,
right, if if you buy Tesla for two
trillion and basically say four trillion
or three trillion, it's completely
ridiculous. I would vote no on this
here. Andy says, "Version 14.226
installed last week in Belgium." Well,
uh, Andy, I would absolutely wait or re
keep reporting on this. I think you
should totally report on this also in X
even if it's just short commentary. Uh
just post your version and what you
observed and where in Belgium and keep
us updated because you should get 14.3
soon which is a huge leap and then
14.3.4
which is the biggest leap so far. So it
will be interesting to see what happens
then.
Uh, Miss Mark JMSDN says, "Tesla needs
Chinese battery tech supply chain and
high temp motor controls from China. Uh,
robot supply chain is at least 60%
China." I think it's more than 60%.
Thank you, Joe. It's a pleasure. Joe, I
did look it up. Ask Grock. Yes, the
price is implied based on today's
valuations, but the merger is fixed
based.
No, young dude. You can do whatever you
want is an offer. But look at cursor.
Look at normal deals. And by the way,
there is no rule. You can do it any way
you want. But a normal merger says, I
pay you this amount of dollars in
shares, but you talk about the actual
amount,
dollar amount.
Uh Sean says, "Thank you, Joe. You're
the best as always. Forever grateful for
the work that you do for us." All, thank
you so much for watching.
Uh, will tomorrow's show be live? I
don't know. Tomorrow will not be live.
Tomorrow will be a pre-recorded and
edited, thoughtfully edited video on the
merger deal.
Why buy SpaceX at all if Tesla 10 will
be brought up to the same level? Merger
won't happen unless Tesla share vote for
it. And they won't won't unless it's a
fair deal. Exactly. But I will present a
fair deal tomorrow that I think is most
likely.
Okay. Wow, that was exhausting. So many
questions. But good questions. Okay. I'm
a little tired today. I went traveling
and came back. Too much sun. Um,
so all I can say
I can recommend
tomorrow to tune in to watch my Tesla
SpaceX merger video to see what I have
to say about the exact deal. We will end
with this beautiful space shot. We'll
zoom in a little bit more to make it
clean. Look at this beautiful.
Why is it showing all that stuff?
Um, and yeah, I hope to see you
tomorrow. I will make it full screen
like this.
Should we look at something?
This
I mean this deck is a total marketing
deck by the way. Why is it
this is not complete
here? This is SpaceX Tesla merger. Right
here is Tesla in space. What about this?
This will be our outgoing shot of this
eventful stream today. And I hope you
have a wonderful, wonderful
Sunday. And I hope to see you tomorrow.
Bye-bye.