Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: 21 Ways Tesla Benefits From SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UNUjtKJ1Qo
Published:   2026-05-30 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-30 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many Tesla investors are worried about a
Tesla merger with SpaceX. But what if
SpaceX is quietly becoming one of
Tesla's biggest growth drivers? Whether
there is a merger or not, SpaceX is a
net benefit to Tesla. That's exactly the
case Basher lays out in a new analysis
called 21 ways SpaceX drives value for
Tesla. And some of the examples are
hiding in plain sight. SpaceX has
already spent hundreds of millions of
dollars on Tesla mega packs and cyber
trucks. Terra could give Tesla a
strategic advantage in AI chip
manufacturing. Starlink could become the
communications backbone for robo taxis,
connecting vehicles, charging hubs, and
fleet operations across the globe.
SpaceX's massive AI compute
infrastructure could accelerate FSD and
Optimus development. Optimus could
eventually become labor infrastructure
for Starbase, Starlink factories, and
even future Moon and Mars settlements.
And then there's perhaps the biggest
surprise of all, a joint Tesla SpaceX
project called Macroheart designed to
automate digital work across entire
companies. When you connect all 21
pieces together, a very different
picture emerges. Maybe SpaceX isn't just
helping Tesla. Maybe SpaceX is expanding
the entire arena in which Tesla can win.
Joining us today is Cernin Basher. He's
a chartered financial analyst running
his own investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome, CERN.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. It's good to be here and I
think this is a a topic worth diving
into and thinking about.
Yeah, you uh put this together last week
uh right after kind of just hearing also
the the the common concern that a lot of
Tesla investors seem to have right now.
Many of them they're worried about a
SpaceX merger. Now that is
&gt;&gt; we don't know if that's going to happen.
Number one, that's not set in stone.
SpaceX is going to go IPO in June 20th,
sorry, June 12th, which is like a couple
weeks from now. And uh but there's lots
of signals that this is going to happen.
So I guess we're not here today, right?
Sir, you're not here trying to say
you're not going and say, "Hey, we want
a merger to happen." What you're just
simply saying is merger or not. There
are 21 ways that SpaceX could actually
benefit Tesla. Is that is that what
you're trying to do today?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The purpose with this was really
to say, let's set the merger aside. That
is what it is out of our control. It's
Elon's decision when and if that
happens. But let's think about all the
ways in which Tesla benefits from
SpaceX. And I came up with at least 21
ways I think that that Tesla does. Uh
and that's totally independent of of
whether the two companies merge.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let's walk us through this. And
then I know we joked about it before the
show, but uh you're you're going to lead
with you're gonna end with the best
ones. You're going to start with some
smaller ones at the beginning, right?
&gt;&gt; We're going to start with the weakest
one first. Um but but yeah the you know
the obviously SpaceX is hugely important
for Elon for long term with his desire
to you know make humans a multilanetary
species. So obviously SpaceX is going to
be an enormous focus for him. That's
down the road. That's long term. In the
meantime I think there's a lot of things
that SpaceX is doing and working on that
that greatly benefit Tesla. Tesla uh
this matters enormously for Tesla before
it is for it is becoming the machine
layer of the AI economy. All right,
let's uh walk us through this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so the first one and the most
obvious one is that Tesla owns some
SpaceX stock. So as SpaceX does well,
Tesla derives some value from this. And
I say that this is in my mind is the
least important aspect. This is a little
bit of a sore spot perhaps for Tesla
investors who've felt like we should
have gotten a slice of of XAI and maybe
even a slice of SpaceX when it was much
had a much lower valuation. But
nonetheless, uh Tesla owns just under 19
million shares of SpaceX which is less
than 1% of the company.
&gt;&gt; So it's not nothing but it is small.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh and then so as the stock
rockets up and it has already this value
has gone up also but yeah like you said
it's not not a big deal. Okay
&gt;&gt; that's right and there it is in the
perspectus you know referencing that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Why do why do you think that they did
this? Why do you think that they decided
to have Tesla buy SpaceX shares?
&gt;&gt; Well I think a lot of shareholders
shareholders had been agitating for it.
M
&gt;&gt; um and I think Elon, I forget when he
said this, but it was basically saying,
well, it was up to the board as to
whether or not, you know, to to go
through with this. Um and they did, but
you know, in a small way.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um you know, it's not like Tesla hasn't
had lots of things going on themselves.
the whole move out of Delaware and all
that all that situation, Elon's
compensation package, I think, absorbed
a lot of board of director time and they
probably put this on the back burner and
said, you know, we've got bigger
problems to deal with right now. We we
really can't think about this. That's my
guess. I I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems like a token purchase. Uh
nothing strategic, nothing important,
but okay, let's get to the strategic
stuff. So, number two, SpaceX is already
a Tesla customer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and this is a clear one. Uh SpaceX
is already buying uh products uh from
from Tesla. Uh they purchased uh you
know half a billion dollars of mega pack
products in 2025.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's that's pretty sizable. Um and
it was about just under 200 million of
mega packs in 2024. Um and then they
bought, you know, $131 million of Cybert
trucks in 2025. Uh if you go to
Starbase, you will see a fleet of Cybert
trucks like you've never seen before.
It's really quite impressive. Um, so
that's something and that that that
could continue as as SpaceX expands. Uh,
SpaceX is likely to be building
additional launch sites uh around the
country. Uh, rumored to perhaps be be
buying land in in Louisiana potentially.
So, you know, you need more Tesla
products for that, another fleet of
trucks, etc. So, there there's
opportunities there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sure you'll cover later the
big one, which is Optimus. Starlink will
need SpaceX will need to buy a ton of
&gt;&gt; Optimus in the future. and uh solar
panels, chips, all that. Uh let's But
before we get there, you you know, some
people just the negative part said,
"Hey, uh this is SpaceX bailing out
Tesla's Cybert trucks." Do do you agree
with that?
&gt;&gt; I don't agree with that. I think Cybert
trucks will do fine on their own. The
problem with Cybertruck was it was an
expensive product. Uh we've seen what's
happened to orders uh when the company
lowered prices and we're seeing now a
ramp up in Cybertruck production. Um the
reality is that SpaceX needed a fleet of
vehicles. it makes sense to purchase
Teslas and it makes sense to buy the
Cybertruck. It's the perfect vehicle for
for SpaceX. Uh did they need as many as
they needed at that time? It sure seems
like a lot of those vehicles are just
parked there. I can't speak to that. I
don't know what all the uses of those
cyber trucks are. Um but there was
certainly an opportunity. Now, you know,
$131 million of cyber trucks for Tesla,
you know, it's not it's not a lot of
money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not a big deal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Number three. Mega becomes the
energy backbone of SpaceX and XAI. What
do you mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, you know, as AI becomes
the focus of SpaceX, um, and these, you
know, AI data centers that Elon has
built in record time, um, he's shown, I
think, the world how important it is to
pair that with with reliable energy. Uh,
any fluctuations in power as you're
running these these data centers become
a problem. So, the Megapac can moderate
that. Um, and so as XAI continues to
scale up compute here on Earth, uh, they
will also need a lot of megaps to go
with that. We're also seeing that at at
Tesla's own facilities with Cortex, too.
The phenomenal number of mega packs that
sit right next to that building. So
depending on how many more data centers
XAI builds here on Earth, uh, that that
should drive me demand.
&gt;&gt; In fact, uh, it's starting to happen,
isn't it? I think last week Meta bought
mega packs also. So this is going to
happen more and more. Uh every data
center will probably end up buying it
from them. They just needed somebody to
show off and so yeah. Okay. How much was
that? Do you know how much I think you
me you already talked about earlier.
&gt;&gt; It's about half a billion dollars last
year up from 200 million the year
before.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So
&gt;&gt; pretty significant investment. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Great. Number four. So obviously
Terapab um you know uh Teraf Terapab is
a joint project between Tesla and
SpaceX. There will also be other
partners. They've already announced
Intel. Uh it's rumored that ASML is
interested in being a partner and I'm
sure a bunch of other companies will
probably come to the table. Um this is
really something that I think can
benefit the entire industry. It's not
really a project in my mind where it's
Tesla and SpaceX against everybody else.
It's really Tesla and SpaceX helping
bring the industry along to where they
need to be ultimately
&gt;&gt; in terms of chip production.
&gt;&gt; So, it's in everybody's interest to
figure out a way to build more chip
fabrication
&gt;&gt; faster, cheaper, more efficiently.
And you know what better organization to
sort of hitch your wagon to to Elon and
his companies who has a proven track
record of building things in record
time. you know, the the the amount of
time it took for them to build the XAI
data centers just got quicker and
quicker and quicker, and there's no
other company on the planet that's been
able to build data centers as fast as as
as Elon has. So, you know, this
obviously is uh an important project for
Tesla. Uh Elon has massive plans to
scale Roboaxi and even more massive
plans to scale Optimus. You need a lot
of chips for both of those. Um, and so
you need to find a way, excuse me, to to
build those chips at massive scale. So
that can only help Tesla to the extent
that that is achieved. Now, a lot of
people say that this is down the road.
It's going to take a while for Terap to
to scale up. And that's true. But if
it's wasn't for Terap, then the scaling
up process would probably take a lot
longer and according to Elon would never
get to the point that they need it to be
at. So this is actually a very important
really important part for Tesla. you
know maybe maybe five seven years from
now. So certain do you think that uh
terapab
okay you can you can look at it in
either way right one is that Tesla
really didn't need SpaceX Tesla could
have built terafab on its own or you
will say no no no this is such a hard
project it's so fortunate that you have
another company like SpaceX who has
money who has skills and then the two
together can combine to truly do this
massive endeavor uh or do you think that
Tesla could have just done this on their
own
&gt;&gt; you know Over time, I suppose they could
have. As you scale up Roboaxi, you turn
those cash flows into the funding
mechanism for Terra Fab. But as we know
now, as we see right now, Roboaxi is not
scaling yet. So there are no cash flows
to turn around and reinvest from that
business. That could change very
quickly, but right now that's not the
case. You've got SpaceX, who is going to
do an IPO in a couple of weeks, who is
going to refill their their coffers with
75 billion or more in cash. So you've
got a nice partner there with the
capital. And as Elon has said, SpaceX is
going to build out the the initial phase
of Teraf. Makes sense. That's where the
money is. And maybe there'll be some
other capital partners as well. I've
I've I've speculated that the likes of
Nvidia would probably get involved in
this as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's no doubt. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And if you're a company like Nvidia
that's generating a ton of cash, you can
only buy so much stock back and you can
only pay so much in dividends. You know,
you really need to look for things to
reinvest in. And this for me is a
logical place for that.
&gt;&gt; Yep. I mean Tesla needs more chips for
robotics and Optimus bots. We're talking
billions. And then you've got SpaceX
needs chips for AI data centers. And so
he said, "Let's merge let's partner
together and then it'll be like one team
and we're working together." I think
it's a it's a really big benefit for
Tesla that this happened. The the other
thing that relates to this Herbert too
is if if Tesla has these massive plans
and need all these chips as Elon has
stated, SpaceX is in a similar situation
with its desires to build orbital data
centers and the amount of chips that
they they need for that. So it derisks
it to this to the extent that both these
companies work together to build out
this chip supply. It reduces them from
just being, you know, a customer to the
semiconductor industry, one of many. And
now they're putting their own destiny
kind of in their own hands. Now there's
risk associated with that, too. this
this may not work or it may be delayed
or it may cost more than they expect all
those things are risks but if you're
Elon who would you rather have that risk
like would you rather have it in his
hands or somebody else's hands that that
he can't control and I think time and
time again Elon has shown us that he's
willing to take that risk and do things
himself and come up with a better faster
cheaper way of doing things he's proven
his ability to do that
&gt;&gt; right um whether it's making batteries
whether it's lithium refining, whether
it's manufacturing,
there's a whole list of things there
that Tesla and SpaceX have done on their
own. SpaceX is now the largest printed
printed circuit board manufacturer in
the United States with their Starlink
terminal factory. That's traditionally
something that you would have outsourced
to another company. And they took that
in-house and they're probably doing
that, you know, faster, more efficient,
and cheaper than anybody else possibly
could. So I think together this is this
is an important team to really make sure
that their destiny is in their own hands
and not in somebody else's hands.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Number five.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so you know obviously for
Tesla uh the two big uh market
opportunities is Roboaxi and Optimus.
And so again these two companies working
together allow them probably to
accelerate that. Uh certainly Grock for
Roboaxi becomes the voice of the car and
the voice of Optimus. And so it's in
Tesla's best interest to make sure that
that Grock's capabilities are
accelerating rapidly. So again, SpaceX
SpaceX's success in that regard only
helps Tesla here. Tesla has FSD in the
car, right? The car can navigate itself,
but if you ever want to be able to talk
to the car and have that be an amazing
experience and do all the things that
that that we think that might allow, um,
we want to see Grock develop as rapidly
as possible. Um the other part of it too
is there's a lot of there's a lot of
real time um uh opportunities in terms
of Grock processing data. So whether
it's vehicle diagnostics uh further
automation in the factory um I think
we've already heard from some folks on
the Tesla AI team that they've been
using Grock to accelerate development of
FSD
&gt;&gt; and CyberCap.
&gt;&gt; And CyberCap. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So this is this is an important I think
partnership here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And some people were complaining
saying that Tesla should have created
their own LLM. They could have created
Grock themselves. Uh but Elon of course
famously decided I need to create a
separate team XAI to do this. The merge
with X merge with SpaceX. End of the day
I'm happier that Tesla has focused on
FSD and and Optimus training the brains
for Optimus and then the LLM separate.
It's totally separate kind of a
business. So it's a totally separate
kind of product is being done by XAI but
now backed by SpaceX. So they have I
mean we just talked about it so much you
know they're making real money now
despite you know not selling it to
consumers but they're sell now renting
out space data centers now they make
money so this is a big player they're a
huge player now I'd rather have that
that deep partnership rather than not or
worse or another scenario would have
been Tesla would have had to invest in
it on their own.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Now there is some kind of
unfortunate fallout with respect to this
right with the whole way that XAI became
you know became an entity it would have
been nice
excuse me
&gt;&gt; yeah Tesla should have had 10% something
&gt;&gt; well yes and it would have been nice to
build this within Tesla that would have
been ideal but as Elon tells the story
&gt;&gt; it wasn't possible he wouldn't have been
able to attract the talent
&gt;&gt; now maybe if he had to do over again
maybe he he could have found a way but
at that time that's what he felt was
necessary.
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. Every I mean the whole
reason why Anthropic left wasn't not
they wanted to create their own.
Everybody's creating their own AI and
guess what they got? They're richly
rewarded. They're all 10 billion plus
hundred billion dollar companies now
because they started something start
new. All those guys who joined are now
multi-billionaires and that's why they
left. Part of the reason why they left
of course
&gt;&gt; there's other reasons but okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh what did you mean by this? So Gro XA
layer could become Tesla's general
reasoning layer while Tesla's own
autonomy stack remains the physical
world control layer.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's it's kind of the the cars
FSD, you know, drives the cars. It makes
the decisions about what the cars do,
right? It's photons and actions out, but
there's a layer that sits on top of that
in terms of being able to reason. uh
being able to look at the world and uh
provide diagnostics or in the case of a
passenger in the car, you'd be able to
have a conversation with the passenger
or the passenger to ask the car what
it's thinking when it cut the other car
off back there or didn't change lanes or
whatever the car did or didn't do to be
able to have a conversation with the
vehicle about its own behavior. Right
now, you can't do that with FSD. FSD is
not built to have that kind of
conversation.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not.
&gt;&gt; But Grock sitting on top of that in
theory would have the capability to do
that. And that opens up all kinds of all
kinds of possible things. And also I
think it makes it for a pretty magical
experience when you can have a
conversation with your car or with your
robot. And ultimately that's that's
critical. That's going to be very
important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think Elon also said that the
Gro is going to play the role of
orchestrator fleet management of all the
robo taxis of all the optimuses. It's
like you know you have a swarm of bees.
How do you control them? How do they all
work together? How do they know to, you
know, all the ants out there walking
together and be, you know, just
organized and orchestrated? This is
Grock. And then again, it's like you
could have you can he could buy it from
somebody else or he could have built it
himself, but how good would it have
been? And in this case, you have the
best of both worlds. And good thing that
they're sister companies. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit like watching one of those uh
displays like at a sporting event where
there's like hundreds or a thousand
people all doing things in unison.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. right? They're not all talking to
each other. There's maybe cues that
they're following and they've certainly
trained. But in this case, there's a
layer that sits on top of all the robots
that can do all these things in unison.
And as we saw by Figure AI's demo, that
8day demo that they did, when one bot
needed to sub out, another one appeared
before the first one left.
&gt;&gt; So, there's a there's a layer there of
communication that needs to happen
between the bots to the whole fleet.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and that will make things look like
it's magic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's going to be great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Uh, Starlink could improve
Tesla vehicle connectivity. Yeah, this
is one is is uh we I did a show on this
and I think it's huge. Um, I think we
just recently started what seeing a lot
of cyber cabs appearing in Austin with a
Starling terminal
&gt;&gt; at the back roof. Uh, many of them are
showing up. So, it seems to be that this
is going to be their path that they will
probably embedded it. Well, it makes
sense not only from the ability to have
backup to to the current systems that
they have the 5G network uh but
eventually replace that and also of
course allow have connectivity basically
anywhere in the world is is important uh
where the current cellular network
doesn't provide service. So so Starling
can cover that but ultimately it's
probably also about cost and ultimately
in addition to that it might be about
capability. Um, and so, you know, this
there's different layers to this, but I
think ultimately, you know, this is very
important to have every single car
connected. Again, you get some kind of
fleet behavior where if there's a a
backup on a street ahead, the vehicles
can kind of communicate to the other
vehicles around them and these other
vehicles then can take different
pathways. So, things just kind of again
magically happen without you even
knowing what's going on. That because
there's connectivity amongst the whole
fleet, that kind of stuff becomes
possible. It also becomes possible at
some point in the future by the way once
all vehicles are autonomous you no
longer need stop signs or traffic
lights. Yeah, people have been talking
about that and they in fact you remember
the conversation years ago was you
cannot do robo taxiing unless you have
communication of every single car to
each other and it's like no that's not
you don't need that
&gt;&gt; no but if you're going to orchestrate a
million robo taxis uh let's say you know
20,000 in one city how do you do that
you need to have continuous
communication with each of them and then
you can you know no matter what like
somebody told me today which is
brilliant. You know like if one is going
under a tunnel well AT&amp;T's it doesn't
may be out you don't know you want
something that's a little bit more
reliable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's all kinds of issues
like that and that may not be resolved
with Starlink at all but certainly
there's lots of dead zones as it stands
today. Um and so just to be able to
explain expand the connectivity amongst
more of the fleet I think is really
helpful.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; this is huge. Starlink could improve
Tesla vehicle connectivity. And of
course, do you have another one?
Starling could improve Optimus
connectivity.
&gt;&gt; Well, just before we leave this, yes,
but that's true. Just before we leave
this, it also opens up additional
revenue streams to the extent you've got
high bandwidth coming to the cars. Now,
you've got like gaming opportunities.
For example, u the thing I've joked
about is you could play like Mario Kart
like in real time as you're going down
the road with the other cars. The other
cars to you look like they could be like
other other Mario Kart players. Um,
stuff like that becomes possible in in
real time in the virtual but also real
way if all the vehicles are connected at
high speed.
&gt;&gt; Um, that could make it fun, you know,
just to be sitting in a car playing
playing games like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I asked somebody that do
you think that Starlink on Cyber Cabs is
there for connectivity or is it there
for entertainment? I think the answer
was, well, you can already watch a
movie. You can already do Zoom calls
just using a normal connectivity, just
your own mobile phone. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, and that's true. And maybe we take
it a step beyond that and say, well,
what are the things you can't do right
now? Um, you know,
&gt;&gt; yeah, holograms or or like Yeah. like 3D
movie capability, not just
&gt;&gt; that, but also just maybe real-time
inference, AI inference in the vehicles.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, maybe limited. So
&gt;&gt; there you go. That's the answer right
there. It's inference. It's like your
computer chip being able to connect.
&gt;&gt; Uh because right now you can't really
download software and others unless you
go home and you have Wi-Fi connectivity
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; here. You may be able to just do it on
the wherever no matter where the car is.
&gt;&gt; You know, that's probably the big
answer. That's a big one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because that will benefit Tesla huge.
Like that's a lot of money for Tesla
robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now number seven, Herbert is is
really fairly similar to number six, but
Starlink could become the communications
layer for Roboaxi,
right? But it's it's all the things that
needs to go on behind the scenes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. We touched on some of these,
right? It's dispatch, routing, payments,
fleet monitoring, remote assistance, you
know, maps, safety alerts, all this all
the stuff that happens behind the scenes
that you need to make this a seamless
experience.
Um, and that's that's critical. And
again, we have some of this in place
today, but maybe not as as widely spread
as it really needs to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we we've seen Whimo have
power outages. When there's a power
outage, they all stop. The cars stop.
We've seen that in BYU. That's why China
actually stopped issuing permits because
it was such a disruptive, dangerous
scenario that happened. Hundreds and
hundreds of cars just stopped moving.
And then that's why we're seeing uh even
before start we saw the Starlink
terminal on the cyber cabs or the Tesla
Model Y is being used for robo taxis. We
already saw that they had something
there for communications. There was some
some box there. So they're just
upgrading that. Yeah, they need this.
&gt;&gt; Communications is critical for
everything whether it's human to human
but it's also, you know, vehicle to
vehicle or or vehicle to network. Um
it's critical for so much. And as as
consumers of this, we may not recognize
the need for, you know, to be able to
update a map in real time, but at that
time, it might be critical
&gt;&gt; if a road suddenly is not is not
available. You know, it'd be nice if the
map knew that instantly. Uh, and other
safety alerts, right, where there's
flooding in the road. We have some some
uh issues this this past couple weeks
with Whimo uh driving into flooded
roads. Um,
&gt;&gt; well, if one car sees it, it's supposed
to tell the other cars. And I think
Tesla has talked about that scenario
already that it's coming where one car
sees something, it'll tell the other
car. So they'll instantly on the same
time frame redirect. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's all kinds of
situations like that, right? Where it's,
you know, the road is temporarily
blocked or there's, you know, there's a
police chase on a certain street, you
might want to avoid that street. There's
just all kinds of situations like that
where it's highly temporary and it would
sure be nice if there was some
communication between the cars about
stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; Celebrity celebrity spotted down the
street. They'll tell the other cars, "Do
you guys want to check her out?"
&gt;&gt; That's right. Perhaps there's like an
optin or opt out kind of feature with
some of these things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's bad. That's bad. I'm
joking. But uh All right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so yeah, again, the robot taxi
fleet that can communicate through all
kinds of different means, whether it's
cellular, Wi-Fi, satellite networks,
&gt;&gt; it's just better. It's just more robust.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. You want redundancy, you want
efficiency.
&gt;&gt; Um, and the next thing I think is,
&gt;&gt; you know, number eight is just the cost.
We we mentioned it, we touched on this
before, but you know, Starship is going
to allow Starlink
to deploy larger satellites at lower
cost, right, and more frequently
uh with higher bandwidth.
So that cost decline uh will also help
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And also will allow them to move
more data per vehicles. We talked about
how useful this might be for all kinds
of different applications per robot. So
here we I'm mentioning mentioning
Optimus here and then peractory and also
per supercharger.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um this is also beneficial for Tesla. Um
you know so again Starship's success
here is going to help Tesla offer better
service and drive down their costs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think Starlink use by Robotaxi
and Optimus hasn't been uh examined
enough but it is critical infrastructure
and it's important and you've just
covered it in many ways here. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the fact that Starlink has a
direct to cell option, right? You don't
need a big
&gt;&gt; mini, you know, Starlink dish, you can
just have a cell phone sized device in
the robot and in theory then every
single robot could be connected to every
other robot. Um, so that's kind of
exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I wonder, you know, I'm pretty
convinced that Tesla or Elon will create
devices. He says we're not going to use
smartphones, but you know, it's wink
wink. I think he's going to create,
right? It's gonna you have to have an ex
an AI device anywhere everywhere. So,
it's a ring, it's a jewelry, it's a
watch, it's a glasses that you can, you
know, and uh and maybe even if a device
and uh I'm just wondering if it's going
to be Tesla or if going to be ex SpaceX.
Now, if XAI is part of SpaceX, which it
is, it's more likely SpaceX. But boy,
I'd love it if Tesla was part of that
because that's direct to sell.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And this also relates a
little bit to the last one that we're
going to talk about. So maybe we can
touch on that again. Um, another one,
and this is maybe pretty minor, but it's
also important. Um, you know, if you
want to test your products, you know,
you want to test them in the toughest
environments. Well, SpaceX is probably a
pretty good proving ground. If if your
products work on a rocket or on the moon
or wherever in space, um, that's a good
opportunity to test your products. um
even even at launch sites and different
places, you know, ports and different
places around the world, uh you know,
you want to make sure that things work
in tropical storms and and all kinds of
different environments. So, just just
having having SpaceX as a good, you
know, customer to test things is
probably probably good
&gt;&gt; merger or not, we we kind of already
knew that for where where would Tesla
first start robo taxis and Optimus? They
do it on their own factories, which
they're actually doing now, right? um
all the factories in in in California,
in Nevada, they're being there's
actually optimist is there now being
trained and then what are they going to
do next? They're going to do their
sister companies and then what are they
going to do next? The suppliers and then
move on. And so yeah, having a company
this close that's huge that has
tremendous needs and and all these
different factories, perfect uh partner.
You know, we you touched on mega pack
sales and uh cybert truck sales. I'm
telling you, man. Yeah. Optimus sales,
robo taxi sales, it's going to go c.
It's just it's just this one big
customer alone is going to be massive.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that leads into number 10,
Herbert, where uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX needs Tesla Semi as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh as SpaceX grows manufacturing and all
all of the logistics around the
manufacturing, the rockets, the engines,
the satellites, right? They have
satellite manufacturing in Seattle. uh
rocket manufacturing I think in Texas
and different other other parts to make
ceramics I think in Florida. So there's
a lot of material and things need to be
shipped around. So an autonomous fleet
of semi-truckss would definitely benefit
SpaceX and therefore that would become a
big customer for for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I haven't even thought about
that one. How big of a customer?
Bigger than Pepsi? Well, maybe not
initially, but growing over time as
SpaceX scales out its business. Think
about all the satellites that they want
to put up in space and all the Starships
that they want to build. All that
material has to get to where it has to
go to be built, fabricated, and then
moved around. Um, now, of course, you
can't carry a Starship on the back of a
semi, but everything else before you
build the Starship needs to come in via
semi.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Y
&gt;&gt; So, that's that's a nice one. So,
Optimus, you wanted me to talk about
Optimus? Here we are. Number 11.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh, this is a big one. Uh, Elon has
talked about eventually the amount of
off Earth use of Optimus exceeds the
amount of use on Earth. And he's talking
about on Earth the potential for 8 to 16
to 24 billion robots needed.
&gt;&gt; So, it's not like the opportunity on
Earth is small, but the ultimately the
opportunity off Earth is even larger. Um
so in that sense SpaceX could become the
ultimate customer for Tesla for Optimus.
So what better situation to have than a
sister company who's your big biggest
customer.
&gt;&gt; It is crazy. It is crazy. I mean if if
you are creating a moon base and then
you know how how difficult it is for
humans to live there. You'll want to
have thousands of optimists at minimum
10 maybe 10,000 plus I mean per city and
more. And then what are they doing?
They're actually right minerals
converting into data centers, launching
them onto space, making money, money,
money, money. And it's like, it's like
real. It's the largest business
possible, not just making clothes, you
know, factory making clothes. This is
factory making AI data centers, which is
high profit.
&gt;&gt; And it's it's obvious because these are
environments where humans can't really
even survive, and it's highly dangerous,
highly risky, right? So, put the robots
up there, let them do the work. you're
not taking away any any human's job. So,
you don't have that that issue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um it's just so obvious. Now, this will
take a while for this to play out, but
for Tesla longterm, this is a a
marvelous opportunity. It's really a
dream situation as far as I'm concerned.
As far as, you know, if you're building
an Optimus business, uh what other
company has a potential customer like
this? So, let let's say there are two
major bot companies in the world, Tesla
and some other company. Well, fine. and
they can battle it out for who sells
bots on Earth. And that's great. It's a
huge market for both of them. But does
the other company have access in the
same way that Tesla would to the space
opportunity? You know, perhaps not.
&gt;&gt; Even if they don't merge, SpaceX may
actually become the largest company in
the world, like 10 trillion, 20 trillion
map market cap
&gt;&gt; and then they'll be buying
all the bots from Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 10 10 plus years from now. Okay. This is
huge. Obviously, it's very clear. It's
very logical that Optimus is so critical
to SpaceX. You can't really go build a
moon base or you can't really build a
Mars city if you don't have humanoid
robots.
&gt;&gt; It would be tough. It would be really
tough. But if you send in millions of
robots, it's possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're not as worried about,
you know, failure.
&gt;&gt; It's just Yeah. You don't have to worry
about life support systems and all the
all the issues that humans have and
operating at different gravity
environments and the length of space
travel.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. You don't have food yet. Yeah.
You you send these guys, but they need
energy. But if they don't need food, but
then they create the ecosystem to create
the food so that when humans come,
they'll be like farms already built and
ready to go.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is exciting. My gosh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This was a good image, I guess,
that the SpaceX had shared at one point.
It's kind of the iconic image from from
New York City building the skyscrapers,
but on Mars with the bots.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; They don't have their lunch boxes.
&gt;&gt; No, they don't. They don't. I guess they
don't need them. Yeah. Um, this might
seem like a minor one, but actually, I
think it's more important than we might
realize. So to the extent that that um
Tesla uh sorry SpaceX is successful in
attracting talent and of course at this
point for any young person uh coming out
of school you know what better company
to work for than SpaceX and of course
Tesla that both of them have ranked very
highly on the desire for you know for
for people to work at right in terms of
job job applications. But let's let's
say for example that SpaceX sucks up all
the talent. Well, Tesla benefits from
that too because they can share that
talent and the and the knowhow and some
of the things that perhaps they develop.
For example, the Cybert truck uses a an
alloy that was designed by SpaceX. So,
even if it's even if all the talent and
all the knowhow flows to SpaceX, which I
don't think is the case, but even if it
does, Tesla could still benefit from
that because of that, you know, that
brother sister relationship.
uh it's a shared culture because it's
the same guy running the companies that
basically the same culture in both
companies
um you know for the most part um so I
think this this is only a positive as
well now of course it becomes much much
easier in a merger scenario but what I'm
trying to say is even without that this
is still a benefit to Tesla
&gt;&gt; I mean it's already happening now I
think there are employees who have told
me that they have they're actually free
to move across Tesla Elon Companies like
one guy says, "Oh, I'm going to spend
the week with Tesla. They can do that uh
if needed."
&gt;&gt; But this is, you know, the timing where
SpaceX is no longer a tiny company.
They're now going to be a massive large
company with just killing it in every
front, everything moving forward. So,
this is going to just be much more
significant. Yeah. And think about too
the breadth of the things that you can
work on if you go to work for SpaceX or
Tesla. And then the fact that they can
share back and forth like that's
exciting for any engineer is to not
necessarily be locked up into one one
spot. Oh, I'm going to go work for a
lithium refining company and that's all
I'm ever going to do, right? Or I'm
going to go work for a battery
manufacturer and that's all I'm ever
going to do. You have an opportunity to
branch out if you want to. On the AI
side, uh Ashok Kaliswami is now VP of AI
that is responsible not only for FSD and
Robbo taxi but also for Optimus but also
for AcroAd and digital optimist. And so
he's already crossed over and so the
people who are working on Grock get to
see the physical AI the re you know it's
like AGI they're all working together
and it's like you got the whole thing in
front of you.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's the big one by the way. A
AI AI sharing of AI uh manufacturing
skills. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think we've already
addressed this one. SpaceX can increase
Tesla's talent um in terms of attracting
talent to to both firms um
&gt;&gt; AI data. Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we covered that. Um and we've
also kind of discussed this, but let's
dig into a little bit more. Um you know,
Grock is going to become Tesla's
customer interface. Um so for example um
you know Grock can for one can become
customer support uh you know X can be a
marketing channel Grock can be a
customer support um inside the vehicles
you can have Grock assistance right you
can interact with with Grock inside the
vehicle you can ask your cars about
maintenance charging route planning
insurance energy use or the behavior of
FSD um and so of course the more
successful that XAI and Grock are that's
a better and better
product better service for for Tesla.
Um, if you have customer service that
where you don't need people where you've
got AI that's really capable that can
handle almost everything that that is
really really amazing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then you've got the whole layer
that's not talked about too much and
also this perspectives I don't think for
SpaceX really addressed this but X uh
movement into payments and money and
then eventually
identity and so on. So it's going to be
interesting too from a financial
perspective how X positions itself
there. Um you think about payments in a
robo taxi for example um and so on. So,
you know, is that going to be integrated
with X money? Right now, your your
credit card is linked to the, you know,
your your Tesla account. When you charge
a supercharger, it charges your credit
card. At some point, will that just come
out of your X Money account? Right. So,
there's there's just more sort of
linkages and interfaces between the two
companies in that regard, too.
&gt;&gt; That's a big one. So every developer,
every employee in the U, you know, in in
the world today is now starting to use
AI, you know, compute AI specifically.
And uh so then you're spending money
because it's it's inference, right? It's
tokens. You have to pay for tokens every
minute that you're using the AI, you're
being charged.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh so now you're paying
anthropic, you're paying open AI, but if
you are the employee of the company that
actually has that XAI, you know, code uh
what uh what's it called now? Uh build
uh Grock build
&gt;&gt; grock build.
&gt;&gt; And this is what uh Yasai said. He's one
of the VPs of AI that's building robo
taxi and cybercab and he said I use
grock build to actually uh use it now to
create FSD but also for cybercap which
means not just like he just used it for
cybercap progress meaning this is like a
car and deciding how it you know how
it's being implemented and so forth. So
you but my my my point is that when
you're an employee of Tesla, you have
unlimited token usage because XAI
happens to have just abundance of data
centers and inference. In fact,
Anthropic has to pay them for access.
And Elon just said a few days ago, he
said, "Hey, I I personally I purposely
put in a clause to say that we can have
a threemonth exit out of this terminate
this agreement." It's Elon who said, "I
put that in."
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because in case we need it. That's
right.
&gt;&gt; And so, but if you think about if you're
employee of Tesla AI, you have unlimited
token as many tokens you want. Like
there's no restriction. If you work for
other companies, they're going to
basically shut you down because it's
costing them too much because you have
to pay some other company for it. Like
&gt;&gt; huge amount of money.
&gt;&gt; Here it's like go for it.
&gt;&gt; Go for it.
And so so you Tesla employees, Tesla AI
people are going to have even just
supercharged progress and per uh you
know efficiency and productivity faster
than everyone else because you've got
free XAI Grock code and compute.
&gt;&gt; That's great.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; The money part, it's very interesting.
&gt;&gt; The money part is interesting and it's
the one I think that we know the least
about right now because we don't know
what that looks like. got to think a
little bit more what that will do. But
boy, yeah, because I forget that X, it's
actually X and which is owned by SpaceX,
not Tesla. And then we we you and I have
talked many times that imagine when
you're driving and your car your robo
taxi is going to take you and you go,
"Hey, I want to go to Starbucks by you
know big the the the robot taxi already
knows your profile, right? It knows what
you order and then they'll just
automatically charge it and it'll likely
be through an X account.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because it's X money.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. So, you look at
the customerf facing sides of things,
right? So, you got the robo taxi network
and so there may be a subscription for
that. You've got Starlink subscription
for that.
&gt;&gt; You've got X is a subscription for that.
So, is there the opportunity to bundle
all of that together?
&gt;&gt; Yes, obviously there should be. Well,
there again, SpaceX success with
Starlink and X is good for Tesla in in
the sense that if you already are a
customer of Starlink, you're instantly a
Roboaxi customer, right? You don't you
don't have to create a new profile with
the Roboaxi app. You just sign on with
your Starlink account, much like when we
sign on to Roboaxi with our Tesla
account, it knows who we are.
&gt;&gt; So, those kinds of things too are great.
I mean can you imagine like all sorts of
things can happen right it's like okay
if you sign up for uh X mobile uh X
mobile right SpaceX mobile direct to
mobile which is meaning say your phone
is now going to your payment for your
phone monthly fee for phone connectivity
is through X through SpaceX you get you
know I don't know 20 rides free a month
on robo taxi
&gt;&gt; or vice versa you know you sign up for
robo taxi and you use that a few months
uh you get your mobile thing for free
just all sorts of package and there's
just a couple you just mentioned there's
all sorts of things right yeah the other
thing that you think about too this is
really interesting is Starlink right now
operates in 164 countries okay um
eventually I would imagine that Tesla
would like to offer a robo taxex as many
of those countries as possible
&gt;&gt; so if you already have Starlink
subscribers again when they roll out a
robo taxi in a new country
&gt;&gt; you instantly make make that available
to all those Starlink subscribers. They
don't have to do anything. Yeah, they
they're in they're in the app. They're
they're part of the robo taxi network
&gt;&gt; and you can market to them if you wanted
to through the Starlink app.
&gt;&gt; I know. I'm not sure that that's a big
deal. I mean, it doesn't take a much
effort to download an app and get a you
know,
&gt;&gt; it doesn't. But again, this is just one
one positive thing and maybe there's
some incentive to say, "Oh, hey, try out
robo taxi."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is one of the reasons that some
people say that Tesla should buy Uber to
get the customers. And it's like, well,
no.
&gt;&gt; Ridiculous. They already have customers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The X app is what 350 million
users or something like that. It's more
it's more visitors than Tik Tok.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and so I just saw the recent stat
about that. And and that one everybody
is going to have access to payment,
right? So you're going to use it for
payment everywhere. That's what they use
with WeChat is being used everywhere for
China payments everywhere. Now WeChat
added robo taxi, their version of
roboaxi just right in there. And so I
can see that where all X instantly have
an Robbo taxi account. That is a great
interface between X and Tesla can. So
you have a Tesla separate robo taxi app,
but if you have an X account, it's
automatically there. Well, just use the
X account
&gt;&gt; and same with Starlink, I think,
ultimately as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So I Yeah. the whole show on
this. I think Tesla's moving towards a
subscription business and they're moving
to a direct to consumer business
&gt;&gt; in every way. And so then there probably
will be a subscription package that pays
for transportation. So instead of paying
your car bill, your insurance bill, your
phone bill, your entertainment bill,
your X account, your money, it's all
going to be packaged in one subscription
that lets you have as many rides as you
want or or you know, or to sub subsidize
pricing, you know, if you have all these
accounts. It's like it's the ultimate
Amazon Prime.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. Right. They can get
away with free delivery because you're
you're promising to buy as more products
from them. In the same way, if the more
usage you do, they'll give you free
rides.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or or you know, whatever how they want
to position it. But
&gt;&gt; and then you tie that into Optimus at
some point as well, it becomes really
exciting. Uh by the way, as I mentioned,
Starlink operates in 164 countries.
Right now, Tesla has supercharges in I
think about 55 countries. So Starlink
actually has a bigger global platform
than Tesla does. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That's another potential benefit as well
is as Starlink and SpaceX expand
internationally, it makes it probably
easier in some ways for Tesla to follow
along behind them.
&gt;&gt; At some point Starlink will do direct to
mobile and they will win.
It could I don't know how long it will
take but at one point every you know
more people will be subscribing to a
mobile plan through Starlink than
anything else. And that's like every
human
&gt;&gt; and not just mobile but but internet
service as Elon says that Starlink will
effectively become the internet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is a little bit related
but where there's infrastructure that's
that's not there uh because again
Starlink uh that makes it easier for
Tesla to expand in those regions. So
think about for example a supercharger
site right? It's much more valuable if
it's connected. And so, you know, if
you've got something that that can be
connected and managed remotely, it's
easier for a Tesla to expand in those
those areas. If you don't have to send
somebody out to look at the supercharger
to see if it's okay. If you can remotely
manage that, that's helpful. Um, and
again, this is the international
expansion story. Tesla has supercharges
in 55 countries. Starlink operates in
164. So there should be some
piggybacking of you know groundwork
that's been laid for Starlink. Tesla
should be able to come in behind that
and you know make make some use of that
might might be easier for them. Uh
certainly the team at SpaceX would know
who all the contacts are all these 164
countries right to get things done to
get permitting and that kind of stuff
and that that may help them in terms of
expanding supercharging and robo taxi
and maybe even Tesla sales as well. So
the next one, Herbert, is is something
that I think is minor on the surface but
critical at the time that it's needed.
So you think about uh Starlink uh it's
become associated with you know disaster
response uh you know when when there's
hurricanes or big storms
um the
you know it's become so critical to get
communications in there. Same thing with
mega and energy, right? And so you get
mobile storage in there, right? So if
you think about like this resilient
infrastructure bundle as I call it, you
know, communications, electricity,
mobility, all kind of one package. Um,
and it's kind of interesting, I think,
for what Tesla and SpaceX can jointly
offer governments and then also
commercial customers, right? whether
they be utilities or hospitals or
military bases, all this stuff that when
there's disaster, they still have to be
functioning like normal.
&gt;&gt; And here you've got a company that's got
the energy side of things taken care of
and the communication part which are
both extremely critical.
So just another idea there in terms of
how Tesla could benefit from what SpaceX
is doing
&gt;&gt; and transportation, you know, mobility
and then eventually robots
&gt;&gt; that don't that don't go down, right?
They won't go down
&gt;&gt; because they'll have backup batteries,
they'll have backup communication.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's what he's building because you
need to have that for the moon or for
the Mars. And so this is independent.
That's incredible. This is a good idea.
This one's huge. Okay, I like it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're already sort of doing
that sort of independently, particularly
Starlink, uh, where Elon says, you know,
we we've made Starlink free in this in
this area, for example.
They they already do that. If you extend
it to to energy as well, I think the the
possibilities become even even larger.
Um, this one may seem small, but you
know, who knows? Um so if you think
about the relationships that SpaceX has
with with governments and its position
it has particularly in the US with
national security and Star Shield.
SpaceX has become critical to the US
government, the US military.
So that creates a little bit of a a
shield I think for SpaceX in terms of
being attacked by politicians because
it's so important to the government,
right? You don't really hear politicians
attacking too much Boeing or Northwork
Grund or other defense contractors.
Uh they might complain about the cost of
things and so they should. But this this
may also sort of help Tesla in this
regard. Now clearly if it was a merger
maybe this link would be even stronger.
But even without it, because
SpaceX, I think, has this credibility
with governments that's become so
critical,
it may help Tesla as well. Now, maybe
you could argue, well, we haven't really
seen much of that yet. We'll see over
time, I suppose. Um, and I'm not
suggesting that just because SpaceX has
a great relationship with, you know,
NASA that then, you know, that Tesla's
robo taxis get approved by the
government without any questions asked.
That's not what I'm saying. But over
time, just the relationship that Elon
has and SpaceX has with the government
and all these different agencies,
it's it's a good it's a good situation
to be in, I think. And I think that the
government's governments would look more
favorably upon Tesla as well. I've heard
a lot of people say this uh just like
you're positioning it. It could be the
opposite, right? It could be that uh
because it's a mega corp, despite if
they're merger or not merger, they
become too powerful. You have a lot more
political enemies attacking Tesla even
more. Um there's people saying that if
if SpaceX and Tesla do merge, they do
get so close, China might need to kick
Tesla out.
Uh I don't believe so, but that is a
conversation that I've been hearing some
people say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is a difficult, you know,
path perhaps to to navigate. You're
you're right. There's there are some
risks. The closer that that SpaceX is to
the US government, the more risks I
think it brings about with other
foreign, you know, other countries and
then also with Tesla. So, so far Elon
has navigated this pretty beautifully.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, but if we just focus on the US,
you know, the more important SpaceX
becomes to the US government,
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; the the lower the risk, I think, of of
attacks. Some of that may spill over to
Tesla. But you're right, perhaps not.
Per perhaps Tesla's always going to be
the punching bag. Um, and and as you
know, there's a lot of things in
politics where politicians say things
that are appear to be negative to the
other party, but they don't really mean
it. Um, and in my mind, this whole, you
know, Trump versus Elon feud, quote
unquote, feud, um, I think I still
believe that that might have served both
of them well. It it allowed Elon to walk
away from Doge, um, and so on. And of
course, there's been a mending of that
relationship. Now, I'm I I'm of the
belief that there was never a fracture
in that relationship. But whatever the
path was, I I I do think that, you know,
the the more important that that SpaceX
becomes to the country, that probably
benefits all of Elon's companies. Yeah,
that's a very big possibility. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh I guess we've already covered this
one. Uh Starlink and Tesla energy could
create a new infrastructure bundle. Um
you know, Starlink for communications,
Megapek for storage, solar for
generation, vehicles for transport, semi
for logistics, Optimus for labor, Grock
for operational intelligence, uh SpaceX
orbital data centers for AI compute, and
Star Shield for secure infrastructure.
That's a pretty pretty amazing bundle.
I don't know that there's any other
company on the planet that can come even
close to that or even offer half of
that. Uh, of course, not all of that is
in place today, but that's where we're
headed.
Um, so this becomes pretty important for
again the military, uh, disaster
response,
um, hospitals,
all kinds of things, all kinds of
applications here.
&gt;&gt; Uh, remote mining.
Um so that again Tesla and SpaceX don't
need to be one company for this to to
happen but they could offer a combined
bundle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And eventually terra fab chips
uh which is critical.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
Uh of course orbital compute um we are
clearly seeing that there's limitations
on building compute on on planet earth.
uh not the least of which are people's
willingness to have an AI data center in
their backyard and their perception that
their cost of electricity is going to go
up. So we've got political forces, but
we've also just got the the forces of
you know finding the land, finding the
energy. So it's very clear that it's
going to go into space.
And of course to the extent that SpaceX
is successful with that and makes that
the lowest cost option that obviously is
beneficial to Tesla.
It allows them to make FSD and Optimus
more abundant and cheaper. Um and all
the stuff that you need to do with AI to
train them and operate them just becomes
cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. So that
is a clear win for Tesla.
It's a big one.
&gt;&gt; And again, you know, Tesla is one of the
most natural demand sources for for
SpaceX. So SpaceX is a natural demand
source for Optimus. Tesla is a massive
natural demand source for compute, you
know, or orbital compute.
So there's a nice synergistic
relationship there, I think.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You and I did a show about this, about
how I think that that Tesla and SpaceX
are becoming operation uh um operating
systems for civilization. Maybe Tesla's
more Earth focused and SpaceX is is off
Earth use. But either way, SpaceX's
success expands this this idea that that
that it's becoming the operating system
for Earth, for the planet.
And again, these two companies are
converging around, you know, some very
common themes. Energy, compute,
autonomy, robotics, manufacturing,
connectivity, mobility, infrastructure,
and just AI in general. All those are
massive opportunities, and there's so
many offshoots of each one.
Um, again, not making the case for a
merger here, but just just these two
companies pursuing their own things uh
are are helping each other.
&gt;&gt; This is a great list. Uh, by the way, I
like this list a lot. I think this is a
great list because of course it's the
most important uh areas and both SpaceX
and Tesla are participating in each one
of these together.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; All of them. They all have separate
their own initiatives that they're
working on in each one of these.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not just, you know, not just one or two
things. It's like every one of these big
things. They're all doing it together.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Separately.
&gt;&gt; No, that's a good point.
uh in their own different and and unique
ways.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So they can help each other for sure.
&gt;&gt; And so you know as I mentioned here
Tesla provides physical world AI
machines, vehicles, robots, batteries,
chargers, factories and energy systems.
SpaceX provides the orbital layer, the
launch, the satellites, the global
connectivity, orbital compute and off
world logistics eventually. So you can
just see, you know, it kind of fits hand
and glove. Both both of these are
needed, right? And until we have the day
where there are no humans living on
Earth, then Tesla's important. And of
course, that's an absurd statement.
Hopefully for for
millions, if not billions of years, we
have humans on Earth. So, you know, but
to the extent that SpaceX is successful
in building out this orbital layer, it
greatly helps Tesla.
&gt;&gt; What what I eni envision in the future
is the opposite of what people think. I
think that instead of uh humans living,
you know, I'm going to go to Mars and
live there. I think humans can live on
Earth. But imagine all the factories not
here, all the uh data centers not here.
Uh no need for parking, no need for
buildings in cities. So cities will be
def designed such a way that it's like
you know it's beautiful. You could walk
around, you have the ocean, parks
everywhere. Transportation is is you
know maybe underground for most of it.
uh you know, no need for factories, this
unsightly places. And I I think it's
going to be uh utopia on Earth because
you've moved all of the you know, clear
skies, all the factory stuff off Earth.
&gt;&gt; That would be nice. And there's also an
opportunity to terraform parts of Earth.
We have vast parts of Earth that are
desert.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not not livable,
&gt;&gt; right? whether it's Africa or Australia
or even the US, vast stretches of land
that could be effectively
&gt;&gt; made much more habitable. Yeah. All
right. So, we saved the best for last.
Herbert, this is number 21. Uh we've
been delaying up until now, but this is
really for me the the big opportunity
and maybe even the more most near-term
one. So, we've all seen the success that
Anthropic has had and how quickly
they've ramped their revenue to
astounding numbers. I believe that
SpaceX and Tesla have the same
opportunity and it may may even be
larger for them. We'll have to see how
this plays out. But this is this whole
idea of digital Optimus or Macrohard. Um
it's essentially an agentic AI
um that allows us to you know really
copy what humans do on a computer but
without having the human in the loop.
It's a blend of Tesla's FSD technology
with Grock. Um and this is something if
you think about it doesn't require a
gigafactory to make it. So you can scale
it rapidly. Your only limitation is the
&gt;&gt; data centers.
&gt;&gt; Data centers the comput gigafactories
you need gig data centers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is another reason I think
to your point earlier about Elon saying
that they have an out and that anthropic
contract. They may need the compute for
themselves to offer the service not just
for training but to offer the inference
for this type of service. And this is
what I was saying earlier, right? Every
Tesla employee will have unlimited token
usage of
the macroart for themselves and redefine
how Tesla businesses are run faster than
anyone else because it's unlimited
versus if you're another company, you'd
have to buy it from a anthropic or open
AAI or XAI, but you have to pay money
for it. And so they, you know, you have
to be careful how much you use. uh here
it's it's near free.
&gt;&gt; If you're a Tesla investor,
the ramp of robo taxi is exciting and
it's more it's near-term. This in my
mind is kind of the second most
near-term opportunity. Now Optimus
obviously is in the mix as well, but
Optimus, we have got to build, you know,
the 10 million robot factory right now.
If you look at at Giga Texas, they're
putting up the foundation and they've
got the first steel. It's going to be a
little while before that factory is
ready. So, this is a near-term
opportunity that doesn't require any of
that infrastructure other than the AI
compute, which XAI obviously has a bit
of a surplus of right now. So, it's just
a matter of coming to market with a
product that is functional, that's
trustworthy, that that makes sense. So,
this this is something I think that's
the least talked about and one of the
biggest near-term opportunities for
Tesla. for Tesla. You know, the the a
pattern for Elon, but also Tesla is that
people go, "Oh,
&gt;&gt; you know, they're a car company." Then,
of course, they become an car plus
energy company, and then of course they
become an energy plus, you know, robot
company. All of a sudden, all of a
sudden, autonomy company. Do you think
that's smart? Of course not. Every two
years, they always announce a brand new
business. With digital optimist in your
hand, you can, you know, basically
automate creation of all sorts of new
businesses. Tesla will launch
unimaginable new businesses you can't
even think of. And then once you have
Optimus, then you'll create, you know,
okay, now we're in the tennis racket
business because we're can make
automate, you know, creation of tennis
rackets better than anyone else. But
before that, you know, Tesla will just
business after business because you just
basically get your agentic AI to create
you a new business based on the assets
you already have.
&gt;&gt; And I highlighted a comment there in the
in the S1. It says, "We believe macro
hard has the potential to fundamentally
transform how companies across all
industries are structured and operate
thereby allowing dramatic increases in
human productivity and prosperity." This
is one of the most underrated statements
I think in the whole perspectus. Um to
also to answer the criticism that oh it
feels like Tesla's always chasing the
next thing and they never finish
anything. So if you think about that
that's great. I I get that it's
frustration but the reality is the world
stops for no one. And so you find
yourself in the auto business and you're
transitioning to autonomous vehicles.
That's great. You're building factories.
You're progressing. They're awesome. And
they're they're continuing that. But
along the way, other opportunities have
come up with humanoid robots, physical
AI. Oh, along the way, something else
comes up where we say, well, we can do a
lot with AI that doesn't involve robots.
We can do it just on the computers.
Tesla would be a fool to miss that
opportunity because it's one of the
biggest opportunities I think we've ever
seen. And again, if Anthropic isn't the
signal of that, here's a company that
was worth what nothing four or five
years ago and now is worth almost a
trillion dollars. Why wouldn't Tesla and
SpaceX go after their share of that
opportunity?
&gt;&gt; And thank goodness they are. Tesla is
responsible for Digital Optimus, which
is another name for Macroard, and
they're working together already on that
project. Like, if imagine if this was
just a SpaceX XAI thing, they get the
28.5 trillion market, but we don't. I'd
be pissed off half of that.
&gt;&gt; There's some amazing synergies between
what Tesla's done with FSD that by the
way no other company on the planet has.
Anthropic doesn't have that.
&gt;&gt; They have to prove it to me to first
though.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's
&gt;&gt; I'm sure he will. I'm sure he will. The
philosophy the first principle is that
you're trying to replicate. So the other
LLMs computer anthropic and open what
they'll do is they'll just code it their
way into you know understanding a screen
understanding the software that you're
using and then if you see this click
this and all that but theoretically what
Elon is saying is like it's just like
humans just like the way you drive you
use your eyes don't you you look at your
screen and then you got your brain and
you understand the you you're trained
once and now you know how to use this
old SAP inventory management software
and then that system can do it because
they're using vision to understand
what's moving on and then actions. But
you got I I have to it has to be proven
to me that that actually applies to a
computer versus I can get it in the real
world. I'm not sure if that means
anthropic and open can't do that too. So
that part I'm still skeptical.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And this is one of the
least understood and least talked about
things. That's why it's least
understood. And so you're right. It does
remain to be seen exactly how FSD
applies in that scenario and what
advantage they may or may not have with
that over open AAI and anthropic uh and
other other AI players. Um Elon I think
when he mentioned it said that they
would have something by the end of this
year. I hope that's the case. I hope it
come sooner rather than later uh because
this to me is potentially a very
exciting highly scalable revenue
opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's I think that that's what it
is. So, so the the issue with Anthropic
and Open EAI and their you know
anthropic code is they need to create
APIs. So, if there's like uh a target
retail platform Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, now okay, you want to control
that. Well, you need to create an API
and then you need to teach it how to do
it.
&gt;&gt; A theoretically Grock code, Grock build,
Grock macro digital optimist could just
look at it.
&gt;&gt; No APIs required. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then understand how to learn how to
use it just like a human would. Just
like you would train a human on the bot
job. They would look at it and you would
say this is what you do and that's it.
There's no API required. That's the
difference. So now Grock macroart and
Optimus digital optimist should be able
to work any job of any screen any world
faster than Anthropic or OpenAI could
create APIs for all of those despair
systems.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And if that turns out to
be true, if what you just outlined is
true, that is incredibly exciting
because then they've just shortcuted
&gt;&gt; huge
&gt;&gt; so much.
&gt;&gt; I want a piece of that $26.5 trillion.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so badly. It's huge. Okay. So, you
ended up with your conclusion saying the
question is not whether SpaceX helps
Tesla. The question is how much of
Tesla's future is quietly being pulled
forward by SpaceX ambitious and rapid
growth. And I think somewhere else he
also said something like Tesla's market
has grown now
&gt;&gt; because of SpaceX, not just it's a
bigger opportunity, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. It's it's well all
the offplanet uses for one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh just one clear example for sure.
&gt;&gt; And we just talked about it too.
MacroArt kind of thing. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the whole macro art initiative.
&gt;&gt; Um so I think it's very exciting. Again,
merger or not, that that's a whole
separate issue. just SpaceX is success,
the company's success and their
ambitious growth and they're being
flushed with with capital. They're going
to spend that. They're going to build.
That is nothing but an unmititigated
positive for Tesla. How positive it is
in all these different 21 areas remains
to be seen, but on its surface, it's
it's a massive positive.
uh we'll be able to quantify perhaps
better over time, but I think Tesla
investors should be very excited about
that even though it feels like all the
air is being sucked out of the room
right now with the IPO. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; Tesla benefits regardless.
&gt;&gt; First of all, thank you CERN. Um you you
put a framework together. There might be
more than 21, but at least each one of
them, maybe we didn't cover them as
deeply as others can, but it gives a
framework for people to think think uh
like we just did. It was a fun exercise
just trying to understand. There's more
here like you know how does X money
help? How does how does entertainment
and uh oh we just we touched a few on a
few. That was fun. Thank you CERN as
always. You're very thorough,
comprehensive, good research and
appreciate you sharing that with the
audience. Follow CERN on his uh ex
accountern Basher and check out his uh
his uh website at uh
brilliantadvice.net.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbert.com.