Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Clean Cabs, Superhuman Vision, FSD Cannonball Record, & a whole lot more at 8am Pacific
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kycRXr3htsI
Published:   2026-05-15 06:21 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? This is the Tesla
Beat podcast number 146. Um, little
bummed. Uh, Matthew had some some prior
engagements he had to deal with. Um, he
may be dropping in. Who knows? We'll
see. Uh, but Joe and Brian, how are you
guys doing?
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. I don't know if you guys have
heard, but there's something going on.
there's a ticket on sale and if you
haven't bought it, the only good excuse
uh is because you're buying it right now
and you're in checkout. Uh this is uh I
will leave that to you guys to explain
it. But uh today's an exciting day. I
don't know. I just feel pretty good.
&gt;&gt; Joe. Joe, what happened?
&gt;&gt; Oh, uh I I don't know. People like to
take over things.
Um yeah. So what they are referring to
is yesterday uh we released um our we
opened up the gates for ticketing. We
announced that the that the X takeover
which we've been you know quietly
working uh for months behind the scenes
to find the perfect venue uh will be
hosted um at the Giga Texas South lot um
which is huge. Um so we are moving the
event from California all the way to
Austin which is very central and um and
with that we announced also too we will
be having May Musk come back as our
keynote speaker. Um for those who were
blessed in California to have her. Um
now we will be able to share her
wonderful stories, the launch of her new
book Timeless and many more things um on
October 10th. Um, and so, you know, I
think those two things, we sold over 570
tickets uh within 24 hours, and that is
not something we've ever done. We've uh
typically sold that amount uh within the
first month of launch. Um, so either
way, you know, huge shout out to um the
the Tesla community for just showing
love. I think you know us as planners in
the background you never know um you
know you you don't really always get to
see signal as you're planning these
events and yesterday was insane signal
um and you know we are um even as Brian
was mentioning right this is based on
your guys's um return you know uh
purchasing of tickets this allows us to
get a really good signal of you know
what what type of numbers we're going to
get to this event will sell out add
1,500 tickets. We've sold close to 570
or past 570 now. And so, um, I would not
wait. Um, there will potentially be
opportunities if we decide to open up,
uh, tours. Uh, again, this is not
dependent on us. If you have a general
admission, it will be first come, first
serve, people getting emails, um, based
on where they signed up. So again, it's
important that you um you you purchase
your tickets and and again, just a
reminder, this is a communityrun event,
100% volunteer outside of, you know,
we'll obviously have some test of
security alongside us. Uh as we are on
their their their um
&gt;&gt; their u wonderful Giga Texas. Yeah,
campus. Could not find that word. But
either way, um, and if you see, you
know, Brian's beautiful face, Joe's
beautiful face, and my ugly face, um,
here, this is all because of the Insta
360, um, the amazing work and camera
that they have. Um, if you ever travel,
I mean, this thing is like less. It's a
couple It feels like, you know, you you
could just stick this in your pocket
pretty much. It's like this. It feels
like the the weight of like AirPods
almost. Um, uh, so go ahead and check
them out. give them some love. It'll
follow you around as as Joe's, you know,
still wondering if he'll ever get
summoned on his Cybert truck. Um, good
luck on that one. But
&gt;&gt; the the last thing I wanted to say on
that is it's a big event. It's an all
day event. It's a lot of fun and so far
only one thing has been announced and
that's May Musk is going to be there.
Uh, there are there are nothing but
announcements yet to come. But if you're
looking for a good reason, um, things
will be added. And I'll and I'll give
you guys a spoiler alert. Food trucks. I
mean, you there's a lot.
&gt;&gt; How'd you know, man? How did you know
&gt;&gt; there's going to be
I I I will say this, this has been
something we've been working on for
months. And, you know, we've had to kind
of keep it under wraps until, you know,
all of the eyes were dotted and all the
tees were crossed. And once that
happened, uh, we're now working kind of
backwards. Whereas previous years, you
know, you lock down the location, you
lock down the date, like, you know,
almost 10 months in advance.
&gt;&gt; And, you know, you're able to start
selling tickets. This is completely
different. We're, you know, now, you
know, we haven't technically even signed
an exhibitor yet. I mean, that's how raw
this is right now. So, uh, we're going
to go be, uh, I we will have no problems
in getting sponsors and exhibitors, but,
um, we've done this enough now to know
like this is going to be a banging
event, and we are so thankful to host it
where it's at, um, to, um, and to to
bring May and so many other um, you
know, big uh, speakers. And then, you
know, we're going to have uh, panelists
as well. We'll have to see how deep that
list will go. Um, but with all of that
said, you know, truly appreciate the
Tesla fam for supporting, you know, a
communityr run event. So,
just a little bit. All right, so 146.
Let's jump into it. Tesla stock, uh,
Matthew, uh, provided some awesome
feedback last week, just for us. He's
like, "Hey, you know, pull up the past
like seven days to kind of see how the
stock, uh, performed over the week." it
it pretty much was flat. I guess I you
could say that it's up 1% since last
week, but year to date um it's at
negative -2.3%. So, it did go up, but it
really is nice to see um you know, the
stock well into the 200s, you know, not
just at like 405 or something. So, it's
been hovering at that 440 uh for and it
and it dropped a little bit it looks
like this morning to 427. So, um, you
know, good to see, um, but nice to see
it with a four in front of it. All
right, Joe, hit us with the big one,
man. 30 trillion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, Ron Baron is always like so
optimistic, but uh, but he he has a
pretty good insight, you know what I
mean? So I mean he was early on like a
lot of people know but yeah he was he
was like man to think of uh SpaceX and
Tesla he goes this is like when speaking
of like the potential IPO in the merger
of the companies he says it's going to
be a 10 trillion 10 20 or 30 trillion
company he says and he and he thinks
that that's like on the low side. So
it's it was pretty cool. Herbert had a
really cool video on it. Pretty dope.
It's been a pretty good week.
&gt;&gt; You You could say that. Uh well, he you
know, he's so off the charts. He's so
crazy. He's definitely going to be
wrong. Okay. So, what if it's 10
trillion? What if it's three trillion,
guys? It's I mean, I if you shoot for
the stars by that much and you wind up
on the moon, I think you still got to
space.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um, one thing I did want to say
was I wanted to kind of go over his
quote. This is going to become the
largest company. Oh, so that's that's
SpaceX. My bad. I was about to um So,
&gt;&gt; no, that was the uh they were talking
cuz she was asking him about the
potential merger of the companies and
what that could look like. And so,
that's what he was talking.
&gt;&gt; Well, if you if you haven't been if
you've been sticking your head in a
hole, you would know that, you know,
these companies are not going to merge
at all. Um, well, obviously that's
probably not going to happen. So all I
can say is Elon is setting up this
company in a way where um he's making
sure he has absolute control right based
on the 30 or 40% that he owns of SpaceX.
But if there is a merger with Tesla,
it's going to make it again he's going
to have that control because one's going
to be absorbing the other, right? And
with the IPO price of SpaceX right now,
it is worth more than Tesla. Um, but
with that said, if you if if you know
you believe that there's going to be
data centers in space, which the cost is
going to be so much cheaper and Tesla
owns the only ride up to space right now
here in the US, um, and really in the
world, right? Cuz they do 90% of the
payload. Um, but, you know, this is
going to be, you know, 10, 20, 30
trillion. And who knows even if he's
talking if that is with the, you know,
the merger itself. But um all that to
say is you know Tesla's future is very
bright um along with the work that
they'll be doing with SpaceX and at some
point if and when they merge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He made it a point to say that
none of this and and people people like
to talk about the negativity of of Elon
Musk but he he went on to say that none
of this is possible without without
Musk. You know, I mean, like all all
these things are happening because he's
so driven and he pushes people to to
their absolute limits and and and they
succeed where others would fail and I
mean, you know, I mean, there wasn't
there wasn't any return rockets, you
know, I mean, it just wasn't a thing.
But now it's a thing. And and now a lot
of people can see the path forward to
that. Even Blue Origin, some other
companies are are making headways in
into that space because that's that's a
thing. And there was a video I I didn't
put it in the deck, but there was a
video of like all these
people who control the world like
wanting to take selfies with Elon and
he's just sitting there. Everybody just
coming up to him, you know, I mean,
people from the from the China Republic,
Tim Cook, and like all these people are
like, "Hey, can I get a picture with
you?"
It's like, you know what? I mean, like,
you want to frown on like what he's
doing, but you just cannot shutter the
success of what he has done and what
he's accomplished for the world and for
people in general.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think the the shocking thing
here is is that um the shocking thing
here is is that you have one guy who
didn't just make like one company,
right? You're talking six, seven
company. I mean, you're you're losing
track at this point, right? It's Boring
Company, Neuralink, SpaceX,
um Tesla, Neurolink, if I hadn't already
mentioned that, XAI.
Um you know, again, it's just, you know,
all of these companies are coming
together. And so there's really few
people who in our lifetimes, you know,
you know, depending on the generation
that you're in, it's just, you know,
who've made this type of impact.
&gt;&gt; Oh, uh, show me second place. I I'd like
to I'd like to see where second place is
when Elon was creating these companies
and getting all of them into a position
where they were undeniably uh important
and impactful to to the to the trend of
technology if not the fate of humanity.
My question is okay so who's next?
Where's the next one of these? And I'm
still waiting. So uh this is a pretty
unique situation.
&gt;&gt; Pretty unique situation.
Um, yeah, I I I I agree, right? Like I
remember like for me the the world's
richest man when I was growing up was
Bill Gates. Um, and there was no close
second. It was just that that was like,
you know, everyone would just talk about
Bill Gates and now you you see someone
and also too again, you know, Bill
Gates, don't get me wrong, he probably
started I don't know exactly the
Microsoft store if they started in
garage as well like a lot of these other
companies. Um, but not many companies
will go through what Elon did.
Obviously, they'll have the struggles to
kind of get where they are, but you
know, when you think of um you know,
what Elon did with PayPal, made his 200
million, and then what does he do? He
goes and and and puts it into putting it
into companies where you can literally
throw it in the burner, and that's what
he did. Capital intensive companies,
rockets and cars.
No one in their right mind would go down
that Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, okay. Hey, so you've
got a lifetime's worth of money. What
are you going to do? Um, let's put it
all on red.
Exactly.
All right. So, safer than human pilot.
Uh, Tesla Vision allows us to deploy
airbags up to 70 milliseconds earlier if
your Tesla detects an unavoidable
collision. Um they also I think in the
last 14 143 right there was over a 20%
um it it now reacts 20% faster. So, this
rate continues to get better and who
knows even when this accident happened
when it did um who knows if it was even
on this latest version, but it's just
um driving a Tesla, not only are you
protecting yourself and your family, but
you are protecting other people's in a
lot of ways, especially when you're on
full self-driving just because the stats
are are it is six to seven times safer
per mile than humans. So, there's an
optimal time to deploy the airbags, and
I don't know exactly when that time is.
I'm sure it varies by the speed of the
vehicle, but the real limit is when can
you trigger a sensor. And if the sensor
is in your bumper, the bumper has to
crush and deform to the point where it
touches the sensor before you can deploy
an airbag. Except, well, I mean, the
cameras are kind of watching everything
happen. They know when the collision's
coming and they will trigger it at the
exact right millisecond for maximum
safety. And when you hear about it, you
go, "Of course, of course they will.
That's so obvious. Why didn't everyone
think of it?" And maybe in the future
others will be doing that, but today
they're not. So if you want safety, if
safety is important to you, if you want
your kids in the safest vehicle, I mean,
you know what you have to do?
&gt;&gt; Just a little bit. You have to get a
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, can you hit this one?
&gt;&gt; Yes. As a previous Model S owner, I can
tell you that it was good times having a
Model S, but those good times are over.
The the last Model S and the Model X
have been produced at Fremont factory.
14 years of history for the Model S, 11
years for the Model X. And like you you
can see it like there's um
I mean there's not going to be nothing
like this. Like even I mean like yeah
the sapphire might might be quicker or
whatever but for the price and for what
you get there's nothing like these like
these vehicles especially the plaid
version. Like you just you're not going
to get a sub $100,000
vehicle that can like blow the doors off
of your Bugatti at a stoplight. You know
what I mean? It just doesn't happen.
them
&gt;&gt; and then pick up groceries on the way
home, grab your dry cleaning uh
&gt;&gt; by itself. Drive by itself.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Who Yeah. Real luxury is
spending $100,000 on a BMW and then
having to drive it in traffic
&gt;&gt; and not put on your blinker. BMW
drivers.
&gt;&gt; Well, those are decorative.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I mean, I I think it's, you
know, we we've talked a little bit about
this. this I know on the episode and you
know I know um Brian on your channel
you've probably hashed this out a bunch
as well. Um but yeah, I mean the Model S
is a flagship car that will go down as
you know the first ever you know
electric vehicle that was actually
something desirable that was actually a
great
um option to buy um over gas um that was
you know again exceptional that really
created a standard and there is you know
that the 2014 2015 even Model S's that
are um still amazing cars especally
especially if they have low mileage and
stuff. And there's cars that are coming
out today that are still not at that
standard, right? And so I think it's it
it really speaks volumes for how well
this car led in its space for so many
years. And then getting it from, you
know, um all the way from the P100D, you
know, Ludacris, all the way up to the
Plaid, uh P90, you know, you know, P85,
all of those batteries. Um, really cool
just to see, you know, how well uh they
they held the crown for being most
luxurious, the standard, you know, full
self-driving, fastest production car
ever made at one point. Um, and so it's
just really cool to see, you know, that
kind of come to an end. And really, I
feel like the closure of this one, as
much as it hurts, again, Joe has, you
know, owned a Model S, I have owned two
Model X's. Uh, as much as it hurts of
the chapter being closed, there's no
better chapter to close um than the
Model S to then open up a brand new book
into Optimus', you know what I mean? So,
it's just, you know, it's really
exciting to see this company um go and
and really lean into this next book that
they're opening. Um, there's a lot of
companies where, you know, it's it's a
harder transition. and you're figuring
out your identity, but the the path
could not be clearer for Tesla and where
they're going. So, I'm really really
proud of that team. Um there were some I
think videos even released of, you know,
people putting on some of the last
parts. Um obviously you saw a bunch of
people um signing it. Um and those are
some of the hardest working people um at
that factory. And so, um, really cool to
see them, you know, put the last
signatures on it and give it to, you
know, I think the S is probably going to
go to Steve Jervenson. He's going to get
the last one. He had the first one. He's
going to get the last one.
All right. Tesla's
Tesla sees what you can't. Uh, this is
similar to the last one. Um, right. And
Elon posted this. The human perceived
RGB is image one and the Tesla AI photon
count reconstruction is image two. This
is why Tesla FSD can see well at night
or through extreme glare. And I can
honestly speak to the fact that the
glare has increased so much. Like V12,
V13 were garbage compared to V14. And
the fact that they have doubled what is
it the image level of the RGB right to
image 2 and taken it up
&gt;&gt; um is just like next level. And I I
rarely have any problems now with uh
glare. Sometimes I'll need to like go
and clean some of the side cameras just
because there's dust and stuff on it.
But it has really gotten that good. And
this is why the cars are safer than us
because they can see things and go
through things that we can't.
Last night I was driving home uh an hour
drive through the pouring rain and uh at
one point the car said, "Okay, I'm
reducing maximum available speed to five
over the speed limit." We weren't even
going that fast. The car just wanted me
to know uh because that's I we were set
in uh standard and that was the flow of
traffic. And my gang said to me, "How is
it that the car is able to actually
drive in the rain?" Now, version 11
really struggled in the rain. Version 12
a bit better. Uh but it can see. And the
answer is this what we just saw. It can
see through the noise to the signal and
it can it just uh can ignore things in
ways humans struggle to. Uh and then of
course I uh had them pull that up on the
browser uh so they could see it and
understand what's going on. How do they
do it? Uh magic. It's just magic you
guys.
&gt;&gt; It's straight magic. Yeah. I think that
was a that was a big topic of
conversation like oh but you can't you
can't in the fog and you need LAR and
and you see I mean no shade to Whimo but
you see the the limitations of LAR all
the time like they're always getting
stuck things are always happening what
they can't do what FSD can do and then
you realize vision is the way and
the vision that the Tesla has is far
better than what we see as a human. So,
we're just like, "Oh, but I can't see.
So, of course, it's going to get stuck."
It's like, "No, it's not going to get
stuck because it sees a lot better than
we do."
&gt;&gt; A thing I've had recently, and I've
shared it on the channel, other viewers
have said they've had similar
experiences, is where you experience
phantom braking only to discover that
no, that's a pedestrian dressed in all
black crossing, nowhere near a
crosswalk, indifferent to you. It's
like, well, I'm glad my car cares about
your life more than you do because I
didn't see you,
&gt;&gt; man. For real.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Joe and I, it's kind of funny. Um,
Joe and I were driving back. I think it
was when we got 1432 or Y,
&gt;&gt; one of them. 1431.
&gt;&gt; And I love the Cybert truck, but one of
the things that is horrible sometimes is
the visibility in front of the car. So,
that's why that, you know, the front um
camera is important. But when you're
driving on FSD, you don't have the front
camera on, right? And we were just
driving and next thing I know, like we
both of our faces are going like, you
know, kind of like slow motion forward.
And we're like, what in the world? And
uh this cat had literally come in front
of a car that was parked on the side of
the road. And so there's no way that if
my wheels had touched it would be gone,
right? It's just Oh, yeah. But it
stopped,
&gt;&gt; you know, within, you know, again,
milliseconds.
&gt;&gt; And this car had, you know, it didn't
even have to use one of its lives,
right? Like it it it just, you know, it
got another life added to it or it was
just the life that would have been used
uh would have been taken was saved for
another day. Um but yeah, Tesla is able
to again just handle things that we have
no idea um you know um that we as humans
would not be able to react. Ask
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There was a video of a pedestrian
in China who stepped off the curb, fell
off the curb, you know, I mean, like
this is something out of the blue.
Wouldn't have even, you couldn't have
even reacted and FSD swerved ended up
swerving into the lane. Saved a human. I
mean, hit a car, but because it swerved
into the other lane, but but holy cow,
it would have just ran right over that
man because that was just such a sudden
jump just like that cat just came out of
nowhere because it was behind a car that
was parked on the side of the road and
just juted out in front of it. We
wouldn't have saw it.
&gt;&gt; No crazy.
&gt;&gt; There's even if uh even if I had the
camera open, it like my my the time that
it would have taken for my foot to hit
the brake um it would have been a little
bit slower, especially, you know, again,
the Cybertruck is is, you know, 7,000
pound vehicle. So, um Tesla being able
to see it before it happened was was was
huge.
All right, Joe, this one's to you, man.
Zachariah.
So, uh,
Zack Black Model 3, if anybody is aware,
so they set the, uh, the new Cannonball
Run record from from from Cali to to New
York. And that's freaking amazing that
they were able to do it. But not only
did they do it, but they didn't do it
because they weren't driving. The
vehicle was driving. Zero disengagements
or human intervention. FSD 143.2,
2,833
miles, 49 hours 55 minutes.
It's crazy. And it beat the previous
record by 8 and a half hours, which is
insane to even think about.
It's just FC low stress uh way to do the
cannonball. Yeah, you can you can
without uh breaking a sweat cross the
country in 49 hours uh without touching
the wheel. That's that's insane.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's crazy that we've gotten
to a point now where that is really the
case, right? You can go from uh Seattle
or San Diego all the way to, you know,
the top of New York or to the Keys West
if you wanted to. And uh just being able
to see that, you know, Tesla uh and
again Elon talked about this years back
obviously to probably cross the amount
of counties and states and stuff. Uh but
you know uh Tesla could outside of
plugging itself in right now could
literally drive all the way across the
country.
&gt;&gt; Um but if someone was to meet it there
and plug it in or you know once mobile
charging comes um you know they'll be
able to do that. But at the end of the
day, um, you know, it's really cool to
see people like David, um, Zach, um, and
Dan, um, you know, do this drive, right?
And, uh, you know, really just set the
example to to I think really, um,
everyone of what what's possible.
Yeah, I think it goes a a lot of times
it goes missed that I mean a lot there's
a lot of new people that are getting
Teslas, you know, just because it's a
safer vehicle or it's a better vehicle
or whatever, but you really the
self-driving aspect of it like is is so
underrated. And I mean, it's not to us
because we're in that bubble, right? But
there's so many people that have no
idea. I mean, I posted this on on
Facebook and people were like, "It's
impossible." Well, it's not impossible.
It happened
&gt;&gt; and it's been happening multiple times,
too. So, that's that's a good
&gt;&gt; It's not Yeah. It's not like a one-off.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If it's repeatable, I mean, if you
don't believe it, go do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. 750,000
Model Y made in Berlin.
&gt;&gt; Probably nothing. probably no big deal.
&gt;&gt; Giga Berlin has tremendous capacity.
They could be building a half million a
year, but they're not. There have been
some headwinds. Uh but one of the big
ones is, you know, where where can you
sell all these cars and how much cheaper
are Chinese cars going to be? Chinese
cars have a good foothold in Europe
already. It's still getting stronger,
but 750,000 we saw just before that
they'd announced a million drive units.
Uh so they had uh been you know of
course you're going to sell more drive
units than cars because a lot of them
are all-wheel drive but clearly a lot of
them are not. Uh the more you scale the
cheaper it gets and these are now using
uh or will soon be using if if not
already 4680s made right there on the
campus. Uh this is how you drive down
prices. This is how you get your costs
under control and remain profitable
while doing so. the lower the price you
can get, the more market share you can
capture. And we're seeing that. And
Tesla Giga Berlin is making the Model Y
that are being sold in Canada. So that
gives them a little more opportunity. Uh
so they are Yeah, they you got to figure
out which country has the lowest tariff
rate. There you go.
&gt;&gt; So they are um putting the puzzle pieces
together for that. Canada's also getting
their Model 3s from Shanghai now because
because they're able to do it at a price
that is frankly insane. Um and so
they're yeah moving a whole lot of
units. Uh and more markets are still
opening up. Uh every time that happens,
there's a little bit more room to get
more units out the door, drive cost down
even further. I I think it can't be
understated that the price of a Model Y
versus some of these uh Chinese vehicles
like this isn't the cheapest vehicle and
it's still out selling most of them. And
people people will I mean there's been a
lot of you know they show you all these
Chinese vehicles and they're like oh man
that's luxury. I can't wait to get that
over here and it's like guess what the
they're over there and the people are
still buying Teslas. It's like, yeah,
it's a great vehicle, but when you come
to driving,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I would argue that uh German
buyers probably have a a demand for a
refined ride feel that exceeds that of
other countries. They have a a
manufacturing tradition that means
they're familiar with BMWs and Mercedes
and Porsches. And that a lot of the
Chinese cars, the one thing that some of
them are still struggling with, the last
thing that manufacturers end up fixing
is the ride performance, the the ride
feel, the suspension tuning is quite
quite a challenge. China has a long
history of making cars. They do not have
a long history of making heavy cars. And
getting the suspension sorted out, even
with the Xiaomi's, even with the nicer
BYDs, the suspension is not quite as
refined. And I think that that's an area
where especially the new Model Y, the
new Model 3, the ride is fantastic and
discriminating buyers will want that.
&gt;&gt; The one sleeper too I think for Giga
Berlin will be the semi, right? The um
as as we know um Europe is very
greenthinking. you see it happening in
Norway and some of these other you know
uh EU countries in the um European
countries in the EU and I I think it's
once they are able to turn that on so I
don't even know I don't think anything's
been publicly said so who knows if it's
even happening but once you know
obviously they need to get the
production rolling out here hopefully
first right get that and and it's going
right we've seen um some of the uh
images of the first ones rolling off and
things like that and we see it even
happening with the cyber cap but All I'm
trying to say is once they hit that, you
know, all right, we're we're getting a
good flow of moving these vehicles, you
know, whenever they can turn this on at
Berlin, I really think that the semi
will do really well there because again,
you know, a lot of these routes are
going to be similar to here, you know,
in California, right? You're not going
to I think a lot of these routes are
especially because you can drive through
so many countries in like five hours.
You'll go through five five countries in
Europe. Um it it feels like kind of
like, you know, going from New York to
Florida, right? You pass through um so
many different states. And so I I just
I'm really excited about, you know,
seeing how well Giga Berlin is doing.
You know, 750,000's no small feat. Um,
but being able to continue to sell the
bestselling car in the world out of
Berlin on top of
um on top of, you know, the potential
that will be there with the with the
semi.
There is Germany is a very competitive
market. There's a very strong domestic
market with all the brands we just
mentioned plus Volkswagen and others.
Uh, but there's also the Chinese
competition. So, the fact that you can
sell any in in Germany is pretty
miraculous. Uh it's as impressive as how
many they sell in Korea where there are
years when Hyundai Kia captures 75% plus
of the market and now Tesla's coming in
hot. The semi is tricky because Europe
has overall length restrictions that the
Tesla semi doesn't quite fit with. Uh
but maybe they are already making a
European variant. They've got the land
in Giga Berlin. They've got the battery
cell manufacturing right there. They've
got all the pieces to put together. And
the reason we're not seeing it today is
because they're focused on the factory
in Nevada. Let's get that up and running
and then we'll talk.
&gt;&gt; And and we know that they can do that,
right? Cuz what did we see with the Y L,
right? They put out a um a brand new
vehicle in a completely different market
than the US. So, uh, based on like spec
differences and things like that and and
the market, so they can easily put out
one version in the US and potentially
trim it down to make it more, um, EU
regulation friendly.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, Priestley said the semiis
already homologated for for everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that doesn't mean that that but
they wouldn't be able to use a the
standard fulllength trailer. They'd be
over length.
&gt;&gt; So, they could run it with shorter
trailers. They just I don't know how
much of the market that would capture.
&gt;&gt; But I mean Tesla doesn't make trailers.
&gt;&gt; Well, the thing is the trailers already
exist.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So do you do do they work with the
trailers that we have
&gt;&gt; is it sufficiently flexible for that?
&gt;&gt; So but again
these are commercial customers. They
know exactly what their application is.
&gt;&gt; It either fits or it doesn't.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; All right Joe. This one's to you, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh everybody just chill.
It's only $250 million. Calm down. So,
uh
so today they announced uh well, this is
for yesterday, but uh we announced a
$250 million investment in our Gigabalin
cell factory. This will enable 18 gawatt
of annual 4680 cell production. And
that's uh that's creating 1500 new jobs.
So that's I mean they're just continuing
to invest over there. And and I think uh
Brian Brian you get it.
&gt;&gt; That building is very small compared to
Tesla's other main buildings and other
if you look at Giga Nevada which has a
capacity of 35 gawatt hours. This is not
half the size of of Giga Nevada. This is
a fraction of the size, which means
they've gotten their footprint uh
situation under control. They can make a
whole lot of batteries in a very small
space.
&gt;&gt; And that's what you need.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what what you need is the
ability to do more with less. Uh that's
why Giga Nevada was originally meant to
be what, six times the size it is today,
but lower capacity than it is today.
This just uh shows and you know, all
that distance is money. All that length
is extra equipment that you don't need
anymore. So they are uh yeah and this
should according to Tesla drive down the
cost of the most ingredient uh expensive
ingredient of the car. That component
the battery is the big cost. Drive it
down.
Drive it down baby.
All right. So this is really cool. Yeah.
Really cool. Um, you know, Cyber Cab was
rocking a Starlink Mini on the back. Um,
I do think that there is a world coming
where you will see Starlink integrated
um like their you know their little
satellite or all their little components
in a Tesla. Like I think it's just it's
a matter of time and it is going to make
even more sense depending on how this
mounting works. But um we saw it when
San Francisco um power outage, right? We
saw the Whimos just like, you know,
crashing out. But this is what will keep
a, you know, not only the Tesla Pure
Vision up, which it actually had no
issues when um the power went out
because again, it's it their cell
service and everything else is just it's
not going to be disrupted by power
outages, but this will make it even more
bulletproof. So, uh really cool to see
that. And again seeing the overlap of
connections between uh you know Tesla
and and SpaceX. One other fun fact too
is actually if you go to the Fremont
factory on the track as you're kind of
like looping um you know part of the
doing um part of the loop there's
actually a bunch of like I think it
looks like big balloons that are just
sitting in the field. Those are all
Starlinks. Um, so there's already a lot
of integration between Tesla and SpaceX
as far as like the connectivity. I can't
say because I know anything if Tesla is
using only spa, you know, Starlink
service at the Fremont headquarters.
What I can say is it's definitely at
bare minimum a backup if the, you know,
the main service goes out. But they do
have like 20 huge little like balloons
just sitting in the middle of the track
um that you'll loop as you're getting
your face blown off going on a plaid.
&gt;&gt; Well, and you got to figure the cost for
internet service at a building with
thousands of employees, the amount of
data they may have to move in and out of
the headquarters uh could be
astronomical. And those gateways, at the
very least, they're being used to test
the gateways for Starlink um as a favor
to a sister company. I'm sure there is a
sweetheart deal of some sort, but how
much uh the cost per gig uh gigabit is
outrageous when you get into the
commercial space. And yeah, if it is
just the backup, I mean, that makes
sense, too. They of course would get a
unique deal on that. But uh yeah, it's
exciting to see it all in action.
&gt;&gt; In action.
You're in a cyber cab and and you have
like internet
vehicle,
Joe. I'll pass this one to you.
&gt;&gt; You must clean the robo taxi.
So, uh, Tesla has reportedly submitted
plans for a car wash dedicated for robo
taxis in Las Vegas. The permit filed
with the Clark County on May 12th, uh,
describes the Tesla Center as a cyber
cab phase 2 car wash. According to the
project description, the work involves
interior and exterior improvements of
existing facility, including the
construction of a car wash enclosure,
relocation, and tire service equipment.
So, they're going to be like full
service everything for the for the um
for the robo taxi, which is which is
pretty cool. So, you have like a full
service hub cleaning and everything. So,
that's going to be wild to see like all
these robo taxis just going in and out
throughout the day.
Yeah, you see it. I think I saw um I
think I saw like a news story that ran
on Whimo service in San Francisco and
theirs has a lot of humans involved,
right? But I think, you know, given
&gt;&gt; given how Tesla will do this, I already
know that they already have a robo taxi
hub in
&gt;&gt; um in Austin, right? They're probably
going to have a couple if not. Um but,
you know, with Tesla that what people
forget is they have all these service
centers. they can set up several hubs
throughout the area. And at some point
too, you know, they're going to set this
stuff up with optimuses or, you know,
literally like just like little machines
that can kind of go in without being an
actual robot. It's just it's going to be
um these cars just moving through. Um
and so it's really cool that they're
already thinking about this cuz Vegas is
not even a hot spot that we've really
been hearing about robo taxi, right? And
so, uh, we know that they're doing a lot
of hiring, but here for them to be able
to, you know, be already looking in
cities that they're not released the
full service is really cool. But here in
the Bay Area, they got we're at the
Fremont factory. They got, you know, the
PaloAlto headquarters, they got offici,
you know, and I haven't even gone over
all the service centers that they have
here. Um so they'll set up those hubs
but you know this is this is what what
um you know Tesla again is they're
thinking oh we have a robo taxi network
how do we automate this and um how do we
set up the whole service from end to end
right
&gt;&gt; optimize
yeah I seen that video for the for the
Whimo and they had
&gt;&gt; yep
&gt;&gt; like a person just with towels
and a person with just the the liquids
and a person pushing the carts and
everybody had to swap out towels after
it was it was a production. it was a
production and I mean you had like like
just pe like I mean so many people
standing around waiting for their turn
or whatever when you're looking at an
automated process like what you're
describing and like what we've seen
Tesla hint at in their video is is
something where the car just goes
through gets cleaned up and continues on
and and now you you include the optimi
it's going to be
All right. Tesla Semi E PTO. Uh, power
your refrigerator, trailer, and other
equipment with up to 25 kW from the
semis EPO.
Um, shout out to Mario, but he just to
kind of give you a little bit more
details. Uh, test semi EPO now powers
your trailer. those noisy diesel fridge
motors humming behind the trailers for
hours gone. Now the trucks powers your
complete refrigeration directly from the
power pack. So um you know like I said
we'll see I I'll be really interested to
see you know how are these semi drivers
customizing their semiis because again
when Joe and I went down to Ontario we
went to that semi um or when we went to
the semi yard, right? you know, you're
seeing like 200 people are literally
like living in their semiis. The diesel
trucks are going even through the night,
it felt like. And so, it'll be really
interesting to see, you know, how
people, you know, um build cabins in
these things. And um and you know, this
stuff will come in super clutch to do
all of those things. And now you don't
need to wait waste any gas. You know,
it's just going to be it's going to be
so much more efficient. you know, 50 c
50% cheaper per mile here in California.
So,
pretty wild.
All right, Joe, what is the upbeat, man?
This is our rapid news segment. We have
reached the moment, folks.
&gt;&gt; The big moment. The
All right, Brian, you're on the spot.
Boring transport?
&gt;&gt; Probably nothing. You know, most
tunneling companies when they're done
with a boring rig, they just tunnel it
into the dirt and wall it off. It is uh
in tuned in the the hill or mountain or
ground where it was working. Uh that's
the whole point of the Boring Company is
we reuse our rigs. Uh this one's moving
across town. We've got uh some other
tunnel to start somewhere else. They
finished the little stretch there out to
that hotel. Uh so we're going to move it
over. And the most exciting part is we
don't have to dig a pit. We just point
it at the ground and set it loose. Uh
hopefully it doesn't cause too many
tremors, but if it does, Kevin Bacon
will be there to shoot it.
&gt;&gt; Dude, I did not know that. So So
whenever they previously before the
Boring Company, they would just leave
the rigs in the freaking That is wild.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And that's why Boring Company came
about is somebody at the end of a tunnel
didn't bury it and it went up for
auction and Elum's like that thing looks
primitive. I bet I could do it better.
Buy it. Buy it. So he bought one and had
it hired some engineers to say what
could we do better and here we are.
&gt;&gt; And the reusable rockets.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And the other thing too is what
makes Boring Company unique um from
tunneling is that their goal is to have
no one in the tunnel at all while it's
drilling. So it's not only drilling, but
it's also pulling out the rock and dirt
at the same time. And so that's what
makes it fully autonomous.
And someone from at least what Steve
shared with me um who's this the um you
know he he said that they're literally
running it kind of like you know Falcon
9 are running from Hawthorne and
Starship's being run from Hawthorne as
well. Um they're running it from Bastrop
even though it's in Vegas and Tennessee
and all these different places. So, you
know, these things are not going um like
even being dri they're not being run
locally. Uh which is even crazier. But
um the amount of regulation that goes
into doing the Boring Company goes way
down uh when you don't have anyone in
the actual tunnel itself. So that's the
main reason for building that autonomous
drill.
&gt;&gt; If you can get uh all the people out,
OSHA becomes a very different uh set of
guidelines.
Humans are uh fragile. Citation needed.
Fragile.
Joe, new seat. Who this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A Tesla patent reveals
electromagnetic suspension seats. Now, I
got to think this is like either for the
semi or the rebove. But, uh, Brian, you
think it's probably for the semi, right?
&gt;&gt; It's got to be. It's got to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That Yeah. When I've I've sat in
the the semi seat, this definitely one,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But mad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Actually, and and I've and we've talked
to the to the drivers. Nobody's ever
complained about the seats. Just just
Tesla just continuing to iterate and get
better. That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All right, Brian.
Singapore Y L deliveries.
&gt;&gt; I'm a little obsessed with the Model Y
L. This week, Kyle Connor went out uh
the video came out about it within the
last week, but he was at the Beijing
Auto Show.
&gt;&gt; Kyle is 6'1. He got in the front seat on
the passenger side, adjusted it to where
he'd want it. Got in the second row and
did the same. Got in the third row, and
still had a little bit of knee clearance
at 6'1. Uh so that means the Y actually
fits people. I've been there. I've seen
it myself. It's uh exciting. And it's
spreading. It is going across Oceanania
and Southeast Asia first. We have seen
test models in both um Texas and in
Germany. This car is everything you like
about the Model Y but a little bit more.
This is exciting times. Uh and I hope we
get it before the end of the year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the plan.
&gt;&gt; I feel like um I feel like it's been
very clear that this is coming. I mean,
we saw the it go up on the the website
and then obviously immediately taken
down once Drive Canada um posted it. I
think that there's been some sightings
here even in the Bay Area. I personally
haven't seen it. Um so I I mean there
all of the signal for it to come is is
is here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The fact they're not talking about
it is is probably the big signal.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
All right, Joe. Rest in peace.
&gt;&gt; Joe to you. Rest in peace. X AI.
&gt;&gt; Long live SpaceX AAI. So, um, SpaceX
officially filed a new trademark
application for the word mark space XAI.
So, if anybody if you've been living
under a rock, you need to know that that
uh XAI is is now under the SpaceX
umbrella and now it's going to be SpaceX
AAI.
Pretty awesome. The trademark uh has
been accepted by the by the office and
things are going forward. They are
making moves.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was inevitable. I mean,
especially once you you did all this
stuff, but um you know, it's it. I mean,
especially with how XAI is going to be
really focused on building, you know,
um, space data centers, right? It just
it's kind of funny that you can combine
it and and it still has its full
meaning.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was going to go under Tesla
to be honest with you. So, this to me
signals more of that merger thing that
nobody wants to talk about.
&gt;&gt; That's not happening. So, whatever.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um, Brian to you. Ireland FSD
inbound.
&gt;&gt; Ireland is one of many countries in the
EU that has the authority to uh do
something a little bit on their own.
That's not their plan. Their hope is
that uh they will be able to just adopt
the EU rules that allow FSD. The
exciting part of this story is they've
said that Tesla has been in talks with
us even knowing that we're just going to
adopt the EU rules. What that means is
Tesla is telling them, "Tell us what you
need to see. tell us what you need to
know. We'll make it happen. So when it's
time for you to vote on this policy, you
can vote in the EU in the affirmative.
That means they're doing it with all the
countries. That means that all the
countries have someone dedicated to them
who will say, "What do you need? Let's
get this approved. Uh when the vote
comes, it should be soon. Um make it
happen. We're going to roll it out wide
and safely. Uh let's go.
&gt;&gt; Let's go." Yeah. I mean, and the good
thing is is that um it just takes one
country and we saw it happen with uh the
Netherlands. There's strong signal that
um Belgium is next. Um it's great to see
Ireland obviously because I think um
they're part of the UK and stuff. So, um
yeah, just really really cool to see all
of this happening and it hopefully just
becomes a spiral effect, you know, um
with the Netherlands. So the Northern
Ireland is part of UK. Ireland is part
of the EU.
Great correction.
&gt;&gt; I've never lived there.
&gt;&gt; What's that? No. Um All right. So Joe,
this one's to you, man. Freedom with
every Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty awesome. This is uh
this is a guy with no arms who bought
himself a new Model Y. So, uh Tesla uh
commented on on this for a driver born
without arms, FSD supervised is
life-changing accessibility. And he was
quoted here, "I was born without any
arms, I have driven with my feet my
entire life. I'm a fully licensed driver
and traditionally drove with my with my
left foot on the steering wheel and my
right foot handling the gas and brake.
The only legal restrictions are
automatic transmissions and power
steering. So over the years though, the
strain from his uh congenital birth
effects led to significant arthritis in
the in his hips. So he was so having a
self-driving vehicle and knowing that he
actually is fully licensed. This is this
is the freedom that that uh we talk
about with a lot of people who who deal
with Tesla products and anything that
that that man Musk touches. Like it just
gives you so much more accessibility
back. He could go do things now. It's
pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Pretty awesome.
All right, so we're, you know, getting
close to the top of the hour, so there
may have been a couple other stories,
but here, let me just get us to the last
slide.
Oh, it was the last slide. Jeez. Okay,
so the next slide was the last slide.
Okay. So, um if you didn't tune in to
the beginning of the show, um you know,
why would you miss the beginning? Um you
know, we you know, we made the big
announcement yesterday that May Musk is
coming. This is going to be held at Giga
Austin on October 10th and um you know,
we couldn't be more excited. So, make
sure you go to xtakeover.com. I will say
VIP and um 420 more tickets outside of
the VIP sold. So we sold 570 and um with
that, you know, that's been the the the
most tickets we've ever sold in our in
our launch day. Um so big signal that
this is going to be an outstanding
event. So go to xtakeover.com. I will
say that, you know, we'll be making a
lot more announcements and people that
are already have their tickets will be
if we are launching more activities
where, you know, there's add-ons and
other activities that you can do those
the general admission um will be getting
the first hits. So, make sure you have
your tickets so you can get activated
and be in the know. Um but, you know,
get get your tickets at xtakeover.com.
And more announcements coming. Couple of
things. Uh, support us, subscribe to us
as well. Subscribe to Brian and his
channel. Um, also too, um, you know,
Nory, shout out to them in AI family
planning app. I've been using it. I have
a family of six. We got a lot of, you
know, activities going on all the time
and I'm getting the right notifications.
And so it's a great AI tool to kind of
bring chaos uh to take the chaos in your
family schedule and bring it and make it
more simplified. Um and of course always
go to tests silicon Valley, check out
our shop. Uh but with that said, you
know, big announcements coming over the
coming months. Um hot off the press for
xtakeover do.com and this event h going
from California to Texas. And you know,
we've been blown away by the outpouring
of the community, the amount of tickets
that have been sold. I I think
originally we were a little bit nervous
going to a state that we didn't really
have our base in, but it's it's almost
like at this point, and this is not
trying to be arrogant, it's it's crazy
to think that that's no longer the case,
that we can take something from one
state to the next. And obviously that
probably helps with the location
announcement as well. But um it's crazy
how Austin is just super central to a
lot of our fan base and people that that
want to come to an amazing community
event.
&gt;&gt; June 5th and 6th there's the takeover in
Flacow Austria. John's going to be
there. There's the summer meetup in
Moskegan, Michigan. I'll be there for
that. Uh if you are able to get to
either one of those, you should. It's a
whole lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's going to be one of
those things where it's like co like not
even coast to coast across the pond,
right? We'll be celebrating ear early
for you guys, kicking off things um on
the 5th and 6th doing an epic light show
uh with the Austrians and a lot of
people are expected to come to this one.
Um and and then across the pond over
later in the day, depending on where you
are, you can go to Muskegan and
celebrate, you know, the summer meetup
with the Tesla owners of Michigan and
people like Simon and Brian and some
other amazing speakers. So, it should be
an an epic celebration of all things
Tesla across the globe that day. Um so,
please support both events. And um you
know, if you want to see Joe over in um
um not Joe, sorry, Brian in um in
Michigan, hit him up. Um and then I'll
be over in Flacow, Austria. And then
Joe, I know you got us. You want to tell
us about your trip next week. That's uh
today. This week I'm going to Utah.
Yeah, I'm taking off today after the uh
after the pod. We're going to be
traveling to Utah. There's like a and
there's Moab and a training ground, Mars
training ground out there. There's some
pretty cool stuff to see. Gonna have
some really cool photos.
&gt;&gt; Do it, man. Wish I could join you guys.
Have an epic time, lady.
&gt;&gt; But with that said, um with that said,
we will see you guys on the next one.
literally trying to end this stream and
like
&gt;&gt; And we're clear. And no
&gt;&gt; and we're not clear. Not.