Source:      electrek
Title:       America’s most affordable new car is THIS electric pickup, but Ford is catching up
Author:      Jo Borrás
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/06/24/americas-most-affordable-new-car-is-this-electric-pickup-but-ford-is-catching-up/
Published:   2026-06-24 22:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-24 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On today’s officially priced episode of Quick Charge, Jeff Bezos-backed Slate Auto has announced official pricing for its compact, ultra-simple electric pickup and SUV – and this compact truck just so happens to be the most affordable new car you can buy in the US!

With more than 200 miles of electric range and a 180 hp electric motor (~65 more hp than a base 4 cyl. Ford Ranger in 1996), the $24,950 back-to-basics Slate Auto truck promises to be the most affordable new vehicle on US roads when deliveries begin later this year. That is huge news for compact truck fans, recent grads, and local commercial vehicle fleets that really, honestly, do not need a 3/4 ton truck to get around.

We’ve also got big news from Ford about its own upcoming affordable electric truck, and Orange EV’s really BIG electric terminal trucks are taking over the heavy truck market with a record-setting 2,000th customer delivery, and more.

## Source Links

- Slate Auto’s electric truck starts at $24,950 with 205 miles of range

- REALLY Quick Charge: Slate Auto CCO talks affordability, flexibility, and more

- Ford believes it has an edge over China with its new affordable EV platform

- 2,000 trucks, 33 million miles: Orange EV’s milestone Coke Canada delivery

- Tesla, Sunrun team up on 16 GW virtual power plant for data centers

Prefer listening to your podcasts? Audio-only versions of Quick Charge are now available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, and our RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players.

 
 
 

New episodes of Quick Charge are (allegedly) recorded several times per week, most weeks. We’ll be posting bonus audio content from time to time as well, so be sure to follow and subscribe so you don’t miss a minute of Electrek’s high-voltage podcast series.

Got news? Let us know!
Drop us a line at tips@electrek.co. You can also rate us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, or recommend us in Overcast to help more people discover the show.

If you’re considering going solar, it’s always a good idea to get quotes from a few installers. To make sure you find a trusted, reliable solar installer near you that offers competitive pricing, check out EnergySage, a free service that makes it easy for you to go solar. It has hundreds of pre-vetted solar installers competing for your business, ensuring you get high-quality solutions and save 20-30% compared to going it alone. Plus, it’s free to use, and you won’t get sales calls until you select an installer and share your phone number with them. 

Your personalized solar quotes are easy to compare online and you’ll get access to unbiased Energy Advisors to help you every step of the way. Get started here.