Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon, Bezos And Google Just Said The Same Thing!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZpculr2WzU
Published:   2026-05-25 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-25 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Right now, three of the most powerful
men on the planet, Elon Musk, Sundar
Pichai, and Jeff Bezos are all saying
the same thing. The future is about to
get insanely big. And if you own Tesla,
you need to hear this because the three
mega trends these titans are bullish on
AI, space, and post scarcity abundance
are the exact three Elon is building.
We'll watch these videos today. First,
Google Sundar Pichai. He says AI is the
biggest technology shift since the
internet and the next 5 years 2026 to
2030 is the window where regular people
can still build and invest before a
handful of giants take over. After that
the door starts closing. Then Jeff Bezos
goes on CNBC and calls space a quote
gigantic industry. He says the value his
for-profit companies create for
civilization will dwarf anything he
gives to charity. And Elon replied with
one word true. Elon himself is asking a
bigger question. What's the best
possible future? His answer, amazing
abundance for all. Here's why this
matters for Tesla investors. Every one
of these bets, AI, space, and abundance,
runs straight through Elon's companies.
So today, we'll connect the dots. Got
Larry Goldberg here with us today. He's
a serial entrepreneur. He has been an
active venture capital investor for the
last decade. Check out his website at
lumicenti.com. Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Herbert. Great to be here. Okay,
let's uh take a look at the we're going
to watch three videos from three of the
most powerful men on earth right now.
And it's important to listen to what
they're saying. U they they start
talking about the future. It's shocking
that they're all very uh uh optimistic
about it at this point. Let's uh watch
this one here. Google CEO, let's start
with that. Sundar Pichai says the next
five years could create massive wealth.
AI is driving the biggest technology
shift since the internet. 2026 to 2030
might be the last bit of five years that
you can make money as an individual and
from then on it'll be dominated by some
giants. He did the real math between a
uh behind AI saying a tiny boost in the
US economy creates unbelievable wealth.
The future winners are obvious and
they're building the foundation right
now. Uh let's listen to what he actually
said.
How
&gt;&gt; much growth do we think is likely
actually to come of this? I actually
wasn't doubting at all sort of capbacks
versus outcomes or you know
&gt;&gt; I see
&gt;&gt; look I mean going back at the internet
and looking at GDP growth uh you know
doesn't quite capture what we all feel
with the internet right and so
&gt;&gt; maybe you would have had negative GDP
growth without the internet but yeah so
you know it's it's tough to look ahead
&gt;&gt; I do think there are natural dampening
mech mechanisms in uh in society at
various levels
Um and the obvious ones being you know
the compute buildout is a different
curve than the rate at which we can
improve the models
&gt;&gt; right so you're already dealing with a
more constrained curve there um then how
do you diffuse it into society right we
doing this with way more right and you
you can make way more safer than human
drivers but you know but you have to be
careful at like the pace at which we are
rolling out So sometimes you know how do
you diffuse it through society
responsibly? There are constraints in
all these layers right. So
&gt;&gt; but I think the US economy is so much
larger than it was 10 years ago. So to
grow that
&gt;&gt; even at a half a percentage point higher
than you know that that's a massive
contribution.
&gt;&gt; So I expect it to play out that way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh he's pretty bullish. He thinks
AI is just the beginning. What's your
thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; I'm more bullish than he is. Um I I you
know to talk about an extra half of
percentage point is to underestimate by
a dramatic amount what's going to
happen. You know he talked about the
disco that you know this is equivalent
to the internet. I think it's far larger
than the internet ever was.
&gt;&gt; I think it's greater than the discovery
of electricity telephone and the
railroads combined in the 19 in the 19th
century. In the 19th century, we saw a
massive increase in growth in the last
10 years or so and we saw a dramatic
fall um in unemployment.
I think we're going to see the same
thing here.
Um, so
you know, I I don't think it's an
incremental.
I think it's a step change in economic
activity.
And we're seeing it right now in the
United States. Everybody predicted,
you know, the United States is a mature
economy. It's going to slow down.
China's going to take over. Blah blah
blah blah. the meantime, our
unemployment is at, you know, historic
lows. Our growth rate is ticking up even
in the midst of a war. Um, so I I think
we're going to see some incredibly
surprising numbers being racked up and
and it's going to happen by the middle
of next year. We're going to be seeing
growth, you know, at least two points
higher than it is now. It's going to be
historically the largest growth we've
ever seen. And I'm seeing it from my
investments in infrastructure companies.
The the their numbers that they're
reporting are just staggering.
And that infrastructure is going to turn
into production and that production is
going to turn into money. So I'm I'm
convinced of this.
&gt;&gt; We're going to watch uh Elon talk about
this and his uh view about what amazing
abundance might be or what kind of
future you want. Then we'll listen to
Jeff Bezos. He says that the AI will
give you superpowers at this point. What
do you think about uh Sundar who also
says right he thinks that um he's saying
that he's saying that u AI that that
there's a window of just 5 years. So AI
is going to make regular people
individuals build invest and scale in
the next 5 years. And that seems to be
what Bezos is saying. We'll listen to
what he says shortly, but then it's
going to be dominated by a few giants at
that point. What What do you think about
his time frame here? The next 5 years
could create massive wealth, and he's
implying that it's going to include all
of us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't believe that the market's
going to be dominated by four or five
players. I think the market is just too
big. The global market is just too big.
There may be, you know, 20, 25, 50
companies that become massive by today's
standards, but everybody's going to
become wealthier. And so there's going
to be, you know, a a significant
divergence of wealth
um across population. So I think as the
global economy grows very dramatically
so some there's going to be some
concentration relatively to the global
economy uh and compared to today but I
don't think it's going to be just a
handful of companies and I don't think
that handful of companies is going to be
as dominant to see things I just go back
to the 19th century the incredible
discoveries of the you know the internal
combustion engine, electricity, uh,
railroads, um, a and, um, there was some
concentration, quite a significant
concentration,
but everybody got wealthier and there
was generally a rise in living standards
at every level. So, I think we're going
to see the same kind of effect. That's
why
&gt;&gt; I I I think that there's going to be 10
titans and I've done a show on this
because you need to be super large with
tremendous amount of money and then you
can control businesses and replace
businesses. Uh but the individuals can
will all become wealthy in a sense that
you're not you know at some point it's
going to be lumpy of course lots of
people will lose jobs they'll be in
trouble but eventually uh five years
plus hopefully they'll be better. Um
&gt;&gt; I think you're wrong about the 10
Titans. I think they're going to be
globally 50 titans or 100 titans or
thousand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you need to be pretty big, but
okay. Yeah, you know, it'll you'll like
it'll do this over time. Uh because the
bigger will just keep. All right. So,
here here's another point he made. Heavy
spending today guarantees market control
tomorrow. And uh that's why we're seeing
heavy spending now. That's what we want
to see Tesla doing now. Invest heavily.
SpaceX now. Um yeah, that makes sense,
right? You know, we see a lot of dumb
comments.
It's dumb and dumber is what I talk
about when I talk about X comments. It's
all dumb and dumber. But one of the
dumbest was a guy who took all of
SpaceX's losses over the years divided
by the total tonnage that they sent up
to space and said, you know, SpaceX says
the Falcon 9 reusability is reducing
cost. Look at the cost that I mean you
don't get dumber than that but in a way
in a way predicting the future is all
about being dumb and dumber because you
have no idea of the complexity of the
interlocking forces.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good point. All right,
let's uh move on to Jeff Bezos. He's
interviewed by CNBC. He said several
things that I thought was very
interesting. Let's listen to his first
position here. There are so many smart
people and they are smart and they are
saying oh my god you know there going to
be no more radiologists because you know
AI can read X-rays better than a
radiologist can and there going to be no
more software engineers because AI can
program better than a software engineer
can.
&gt;&gt; These people are wrong. So what's really
going to happen is that it's going to
elevate all of these people and there's
going to it's like it's it's like you've
been digging. Let's say you're a
software engineer,
&gt;&gt; right? What it's the the analogy I can
give you is you've been uh digging out a
basement for your house with a shovel
and somebody's about to hand you a
bulldozer,
you're you're so you should be so happy
if you're digging the basement to your
house and somebody says, "Hey, how about
this? I have a tool here that's going to
and there what's really going to happen
is we're going to have so much
productivity in our economy
&gt;&gt; that uh for example this is this just
one effect a lot of people who have uh
two earner income households
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; one of the people is going to drop out
of the workforce that's why we're going
to have a labor shortage people because
of the uh productivity gains you're
going to be able to afford things we're
gonna have I I predict we'll actually
have deflation
of certain core uh assuming we let this
technology play out and don't you know
hamstring it with regulation too early.
Um we will actually have you know
everything will get food will get
cheaper.
&gt;&gt; What do you think? It's really wonderful
to hear that Jeff Bezos has become a
Republican. But no, seriously, I mean,
he's right, but the thing is people
underestimate
just how pervasive this impact's going
to be on so many levels. And that's why
I say yes, they're going to be a
hundred, maybe a thousand titans because
as big as these titans become, we're
going to see whole new worlds open up in
terms of capability and industry. And
you know, it's it's I've seen it happen.
I've seen it play out in my time and
I've seen the history of it. It's like
the world before electricity. It's like
the world before the internal combustion
engine, like the world before steam.
Anyway, he's right. And I love
what he's saying is that you're being
given tools. All of us are given tools.
And so we will all be given superpowers
and then we can use that. You should be
happy.
&gt;&gt; N all nine billion of us.
&gt;&gt; Billion of us.
&gt;&gt; Think about the power of that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Democratized as well. It's almost
like what happened with the internet
where it took a little bit longer, but
eventually everybody has access to it
now. And now it's more connected. The
world's connected. Each, you know,
individuals anywhere now it's much
better off than before. Um very very
confident about the future. He sees it
differently. He's not an AI doomer. Um
so here's here's the other thing he
said. Um he thinks if he does his job
right, uh build out his companies that
that will be more good for society than
if he gave away money.
&gt;&gt; Do my job right.
&gt;&gt; Right.
the the value to society and
civilization
from my for-profit companies will be
much much larger,
right, than the than the good that I do
with my charitable giving. And I think
this is an important point to make
because peop people forget or they
sometimes don't see that when you know
when you create something like Amazon
and you're saving I get letters from new
mothers all the time that say like I
have no idea what I would be doing right
now if I didn't have Amazon. Thank you.
Or what we did in the pandemic when
people could really see what an
essential service we provided to them.
And so, you know, this is uh we Amazon
creates tremendous value. And by the
way, all companies are creating value of
some kind. That's
&gt;&gt; what do you think about that?
&gt;&gt; Oh, um, you know, philosophically, I'm
absolutely 100% aligned with him. I if
if I were the the president of the
United States, I'd go to Congress and
say, "Let's ban all charitable giving
&gt;&gt; tax breaks. Let's ban all these
charitable giving companies getting this
umbrella. Let's just say charity is part
of our business, part of business
because there's nothing better than
employing people and paying them and
those that can't be employed and can't
be paid. Let's, you know, let's make
sure that we the government can can
solve that problem. And how do we make
sure we tax these people who earn income
who t you know over a certain level and
and they pay their fair share and that's
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The nonprofit giving is is
absolutely broken. Too much money is
being given to the executives as opposed
to getting right down to the mission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and and every charitable
it seems today that every one of these
charities give their money to another
charity which gives their money to
another charity and management takes out
a cut out of each of these
&gt;&gt; each time. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it it's become a it's become a scam
&gt;&gt; and and the the forprofit companies
actually do do good. Um Starlink is
giving access to everyone. So, you know,
&gt;&gt; Tesla employs 125,000 people. 125,000
people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX, I don't think employs more than
about 12 or 16,000 people. I don't
forget the number, but I mean, you're
talking about 140,000 people employed
and earning really good money. I mean,
never mind the products that are being
manufactured. Never mind the good
&gt;&gt; employees make so much money. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, one of the things that Jeff Bezos
did say, and I don't have a clip on
this, but he said something like he
believes that taxation should change
that if you the 50% of people of the
who's making income, anything below the
50% median and below should pay zero
taxes because they only contribute to 3%
of how much taxes are paid. So, it's not
it's not a big deal. Let them zero it
out because it matters more for those
people. But the people who are 50%
median or higher in income, they should
pay more. Right now, he says the top 1%
pays 40% of all taxes already, but they
should pay more and just zero out the
50% below. I think that makes sense.
It's easy to do. Um,
&gt;&gt; she's right, but I have a I have a few
corollaries. The first is our tax system
is dramatically too complicated and it's
ri for, you know, corruption. I think we
should have a flat tax above the 50%
that you're talking about. No question
about it. That's the one thing that I
would say.
&gt;&gt; So, it's just simpler. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just make it simpler. We we would save
so much money as and and the second
thing I would say is that the single
biggest area of corruption around
nonprofits is healthare.
You know, I I've studied health care and
I've published on healthcare a lot, but
we could we could reduce our health care
costs so dramatically by cutting out
this uh charitable enterprise that these
gigantic hospitals call themselves
because they're not providing any
charity at all. I mean, their their
charitable giving is not even a fraction
of of of their revenue. Anyway, this is
not the subject of today's call, but I
100% support what Jeff says.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's interesting. Uh, so Elon
himself agreed uh with the comment that,
you know, if I do my job right, the
value to society and civilization from
my for-profit company will be much much
larger than the good that I do with my
charitable giving. Elon agreed with that
statement
&gt;&gt; and I do too. I endorse that view.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh here's very interesting uh
what Elon asked. Okay, so he's he said
he he was quote he was interviewed
recently and we'll watch this video.
Let's say you're praying to God and you
ask for a given future. What future do
you want God to give you? And he said,
"What's the best possible future?" This
question is much harder to answer than
it is seen. That's uh
&gt;&gt; let's say you're praying to God and and
you ask for a given future. What what
future do you want God to give you? And
uh probably a future where there's
amazing abundance for all where
everybody has incredible medical care
and we have this you know in fact where
where say anything can be cured where
people no one is hungry and people are
free to do what they would like. I think
that's probably the best future
&gt;&gt; and peace peace and love.
&gt;&gt; Well yeah yeah I mean always worry about
like you if you wish for something does
it actually become some dystopian
version of that? But certainly love I
mean I think we want a future with love.
That seems like a no-brainer. Peace is
an interesting one because you know
sometimes the price for complete peace
maybe may be too high because the
complete peace may require too much
suppression of the people. So perhaps
there is peace to some degree but not
completely. Ideally there's not like
large scale war of course but you know
like you have to think about these
questions kind of deeply. Do you want a
world where there's no conflict but how
do you achieve a world of no conflict at
all um without some form of suppression?
So my guess is probably people would
want a future with with some conflict
not not total peace but not a serious
war perhaps.
&gt;&gt; Wow he's very nuanced. That is actually
a very brilliant observation there.
&gt;&gt; It's very complex question and a very
complex question. I mean I think that
you know if you were to be making wishes
at the age of 55 you don't think about
it but at the age of 80 you think about
length of life you know
&gt;&gt; and the quality of life as you get older
so there's a lot to think about a lot to
think about but in general I'm aligned
with him I'm very much aligned with him
on the issue of global peace the cost of
peace is very very great indeed look
Ukraine and Russia had great peace under
the Soviet Union,
&gt;&gt; but you know, I had relatives that were
stuck in the Soviet Union and I
understand what that peace brought
&gt;&gt; and you know, I mean,
19 million people in the UAG that was
peace.
&gt;&gt; So this this the concept that he brought
up which is very interesting. Sometimes
it's um you want this thing. Sounds
great. Amazing abundance. Okay,
everybody gets paid. But but in order to
get there, you might have a dystop you
might have an opposite ironic outcome
because you got AI and you got robots
taking care of everything. Sounds good
because look what's going to do in the
future. Prices of bananas will fall even
more.
But in order to get there, you got no
jobs, no al. Uh but these three tight
tech titans. Now, the argument could be
that, hey, they're in this business.
They're going to be the winners. They're
going to make it sound great. This
amazing abundance thing. It's just him
saying it. Trust me, make my companies
go bigger because I'm going to own it
all. Or do you think there's truth to
what they're saying? These three,
&gt;&gt; you know, JP Morgan Chase in the late
19th century put together massive
monopolies in electricity, in railroads,
in steel. Um and he enabled these great
you know BM industry standard oil uh and
so he you know the largest industries in
the world and he combined them into
these veh
and it certainly um
wasn't necessarily bad.
Uh it it it actually worked very well
for the United States and for our
economy.
and for employment. So I don't know that
concentration of wealth is the worst
thing in the world. Uh and every time
wealth concentrates
ultimately it gets deconentrated. So you
think about what happened to General
Electric, you think about what happened
to Ford, you think about what happened
to the great railroads, you think about
what happened to the great oil
companies, all of them became, you know,
reached a high point and then became,
you know, disrupted.
So I think I think disruption is a human
is the human condition, the advance of
the human condition. And so I'm not
worried about five companies becoming
more powerful, 10 companies becoming
more powerful, or even one company
becoming more powerful because I think
disruption is likely there. And listen,
Elon's 55 years of age. He's got another
I don't 15 years, 10 years, 15 years.
There's a genius like him comes along
once in a lifetime. Happened with Epson,
happened with JP Morgan. But you know
once they come and go very few people
can inherit that level of genius and
pursue it further. So there's a natural
and the same with Jesus. The same with
Jesus. So there's this natural you know
cycle of life and I think you know we're
part of that cycle of life. But it is
the most exciting time since 1890 to be
alive.
every month. It's crazy. So the mega
trends is AI, it's space and then just
every all the business is going to
change this post scarcity abundance in
the future. And
&gt;&gt; I think those two those two AI and space
are the they're the you know the sex
mala of this age. And so it's pretty
exciting.
&gt;&gt; And then post post scarcity abundance
like this thing where how long will it
take though? I mean sometimes these guys
are talking five years but reality is
could it be a lot a lot longer than that
and and then there's this huge uh kind
of like you know there's going to be a
lot of people lost jobs but 10 years
later then the prices of everything
falls. Well, you know, the last great
revolution we had, and I keep on
referring to it because it's the one
historic reference we have, well, there
multiple historic references going back
to the, you know, printing press. Um,
and so we could we could look back at
that and say, did that bring historic
abundance?
Does it does it bring post scarcity? And
the answer is no. In both cases, it
brought a hell of a lot of abundance and
a hell of a lot of lack of scarcity. But
at the end of the day, we still had
gigantic amounts of people who weren't
wealthy and who weren't out of the, you
know, realm of of high-risisk living.
And that can be even said of the
internet. Now, it's quite true that
population of the earth has expanded
dramatically. We're feeding many more
lives.
You know, abundance has already is here
because if you go back, I mean, I was
alive in the 50s and the 60s and the 70s
where Eric was predicting that people
would be eating one another because we'd
have a scarcity of food. So, we we are
living in an age of abundance, but
there's still millions billions of
people who are living, you know, well
below
the poverty line.
So, I think these things are relative. I
don't think we're going to suddenly have
hit a switch in like 200 and
28
or 2035 or 2050 where everybody is going
to be, you know, enjoying equal
abundance. I think that this will be
gradual. I don't think there will be 10
companies. I think there will be
hundreds of companies. I think there
will be a high level of abundance for a
large number of people. that there will
be relative poverty despite that.
&gt;&gt; Well said. I think that that is what's
going to happen. Uh but
you know, it's good to hear these three
think uh very positive about the future.
Unbelievable wealth. Uh you know, he
says the US economy will will be crazy.
First of all, first of all, that that is
interesting.
&gt;&gt; And all this debt that we have that will
go away. Uh that is incredibly
interesting. Yeah, I think the United
States is very all poised for another
golden age. Very well poised. I just
hope that and frankly I I've talked my
politics. I just hope the Democratic
Party doesn't become powerful again
because they can destroy it. They can
definitely destroy things. They preach
the politics of poverty, not the
politics of London.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's not let's not
dive into that one. Uh but you're
absolutely correct. This is political
and this is uh you know this is society
is going to change. Everything's going
to change. Uh, but this is
&gt;&gt; serious risks. So, it's not all
&gt;&gt; we don't know yet. Yeah. Where's going
to go? Thank you so much, Larry. Check
him out at his website, lumisenti.com.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.