Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How The Citadel - Aschenbrenner Drama CRASHED AI Stocks And Tesla Last Week
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPDI8EEnUIw
Published:   2026-08-05 12:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is for sure the story of the week,
maybe even of the month. Leo Paul Ashen
Brena, the Wunderkin from Silicon
Valley, born in Germany, went to the
Green Party when he was a teenager and
advocated for a more dust world. then
decided that he has a great opportunity
in Silicon Valley, wrote some nice uh
little memos and then got lucky to jump
on the Wunderkin train of Silicon
Valley, which is a very magical train.
You never know who gets on there. You
need to hit a certain behavioral pattern
that matches the ideas of Silicon Valley
tycoons, what it means to be a wonder
and then suddenly you get a lot of
money. So Leo Paul was lucky enough to
get a lot of money from Silicon Valley
investors. He's only 23 as of today and
invested that in some no-brainers like
Anthropic and that was back in 2023.
So he got a little lucky, got into a
great startup and made a lot of money
because if you invest in Anthropic,
naturally you get lucky.
And that is exactly what saves him right
now because after he did that, he got
even more money and decided to venture
out, no pun intended, into the
dangerous, dangerous world of hedge
funds. And he went beyond private
investments into
liquid investments. And that is a very
different game in case you're familiar
with venture capital and with hedge
funds because in venture capital the
world is simple. If you're well
connected and you have a bunch of money
and you're sitting in Silicon Valley and
you're investing in a bunch of startups,
you always get rich unless you're really
bad at your job.
It's a much lower pressure, a much less
dangerous area because you have a gated
community. You're an insider. you just
just drop the money and a lot of Silicon
Valley investors famously say you don't
even need to know anything. You just
spread your bets and the more you spread
it, look at Y Combinator, look at SV
Angel, the more money you make because
you're just hitting the home runs.
So that is the world that gave Leo a lot
of money. But then he decided I'm very
smart. I can invest in public stocks.
But that is a very different world. It
is a much bigger market. It is much more
dynamic market. It's a market full of
little sharks. And we will get to a one
of these sharks in a second. And he
started gambling a little bit. He
started using a lot of leverage in his
fund. And you guessed it, it blew up on
Wednesday, last week, because he made a
bunch of wrong bets. He bet on software
and he bet against the chips or he bet
for like he caught the market. exactly
at the wrong inflection point and he
used 4x leverage which fundamentally led
to a margin call on his public equities
and he couldn't fulfill the margin call
and that is how he got actually killed
and here is his savior
Ken Griffin of Citadel not a beginner
not a wonderkint but a very very savvy
hedge fund investor the head of Citadel
one of the great investment ment firms,
one of the most savvy investment firms
and very likely he was a shark circling
this whole poor Ashen Brena situation
and prepared the takeover probably
helped a little bit liquidating the fund
in the first place with his comments
about the Fed which were totally wrong
and totally not dumb.
They were probably very on purpose by
Ken because Ken is a smart cookie and he
said, "Oh, the Fed is going to hike
rates," which of course the Fed didn't
do on Wednesday. But everyone now got
nervous and all of that led to the
debacle where Ken had to jump in and
actually purchased the assets of
Leopold's fund, which is ironically or
unironically called situational
awareness. Hey, on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support
and let's get back to the video. The
lack of which led to its implosion and
Leopold Asharan central aware awareness
fund peaked near $45 billion. Can you
imagine this in early July on leveraged
semiconductor and AI infrastructure
positions but then he shorted a bunch of
stuff. He went double long. He was on
margin margin calls then for significant
sales at discounts reducing assets under
management to approximately 10 billion
which sounds still a lot but it's not a
lot if you start with 45 billion and
it's probably a little less than 10
billion where it was liquidated. And in
case you didn't know that if you get
margin caught and you have to sell your
positions and you have significant
positions in only midsized stocks,
right? Some of them he he was in a lot
of hyperscalers and neoclouds and the
neoclouds and the smaller companies
probably broke his back. I covered this
here. You saw he was in Nebus 30%.
That's a lot of exposure. SanDisk 19%
lots of exposure. And you know what
happened to Sandisk with the last few
weeks? He was in Micron. I got a little
screw in Micron, but I was a little more
cautious than him on Bloom Energy,
Corefave, TSM, and so on. And you can
imagine what happens with this stuff if
you are forex leveraged. And if you have
that, then someone has to bail you out
because you cannot just sell your stocks
on the stock exchange. That would blow
up and implode the prices even further.
So you need a block buy, a block buyer,
someone who steps in and outside the
stock exchange, just takes over all your
stocks in a block transaction.
And that person needs to be able to act
very quickly on a very large amount of
money, probably 5 billion or whatever
was left uh in his public fund. And that
person was exactly
this man here, Kane Griffin. And that is
the big story of the week. Why is it
such a big story? Because this story
actually resembled something that is uh
much more important than just a little
fund blow up. It was an iconic situation
because it actually changes the way the
market behaved. Okay? It changed the way
the semiconductor and the AI stocks
traded. It even affected Tesla and other
stocks. So the massive implosions that
we saw in the market in July, the worst
month in the history for the last 30
years at least, the worst draw down in
momentum stocks, worse than 2008 crisis,
worse than the dot crisis. It was the
worst month in 30 years in terms of draw
down of momentum stocks.
And that means something. And at the
center of this entire thing stood Ashen
Brena's fund. and this whole takeover
and what that actually means for stocks
is a very good question that we will
cover today and uh we will do so in a
new format. By the way uh we will have
coverage of the individual stocks and
everything that happened in the weekly
brief and we will go right into it and
see how this affected the market and our
favorite stocks. We also had earnings of
Amazon, Meta and Microsoft of course and
that influenced everything too because
it happened right at the moment where
Leopold blew up Wednesday night. Leopold
was finished. Then Microsoft and Meta
reported earnings and I will go into
that in the weekly brief and then Amazon
on Thursday and I said right when it all
happened at the Fed talk on Wednesday at
the in the hours in the last hours of
Leopold's fund
uh what that all means and before we
jump into the weekly brief last comment
there is a lot of talk about
Leopold still being up 80% 60%
year to date on his fund. We have to
understand that if you are in enthropic,
if you have a private investment in
anthropic, that thing is up 159% year to
date, maybe even 300%. It depends when
the last round exactly happened. If it
was in December or January, December
2025 or January when it was exactly
closed, but anthropic is up
159% minimum. So if you have five
billion in anthropic and you are up 60%
year to date and your enthropic $5
billion stake is up 159% that tells you
a little bit what happened on the uh
public equity side very likely if that
is actually what everyone means with the
80% or 60% up
it means there are massive losses he's
deeply in the red with the public fund.
But now let's get into the weekly brief
and look at some more details here. View
the full brief. Go to pioneerlens.org
and there you will find the weekly
brief. And every week we are covering
capital markets and your favorite AI
stocks including Tesla, SpaceX and many
other. You shouldn't miss that. Also in
the weekly brief, by the way, we have a
segment, AI Frontier, where we cover the
latest in AI Frontier models, so we
understand what the future brings. And
we have a new segment, politics, where
we cover all the transformative things
that are happening in the United States
and Europe. So check it out. See you in
Pioneer Lands.