Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Deliveries CRASH The Stock Tmw?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4XorXaXfuA
Published:   2026-10-01 18:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-02 10:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

are looking forward to the earnings call
that is coming up this month. This
month? Yeah, it's October. Today's
October. So, it's coming up and the
stock is down this week. And why? Well,
it all started on September 28th with JP
Morgan cutting their 3Q earnings per
share estimate on Tesla to 36 cents from
49 cents. And the consensus was 43
cents. So, that was clearly not good.
And what they said it had to do with
with deliveries and we are getting into
that in a second. But what they're
saying is for the stock shares are
likely to remain anchored by long-term
opportunities tied to Roboax and Optimus
coupled with other adjacent
opportunities such as distributed
inference and compute infrastructure and
related feedback loops into the core
auto business. That said, into Q3 26
EPS, we believe automotive deliveries
related profitability and updates on
capex outlook are likely to drive shares
and we see risk of continued negative
revisions to forward year 27 consensus.
So clearly very bearish and that tanked
the stock. We are going to look into
that in a second. That tanked the stock
this week. As you probably know, the
stock was doing very badly. Uh was all
the way up here at close to 380.
Actually, let's go go to one month view.
You see this sad thing? I was betting on
this thing getting to 380 and it went to
380. I did not expect this very steep
drop that happened this week that took
me by surprise. Wasn't very healthy. Uh
but we're getting over it. I will get
into it in a second how this all
translates into trades. But first, let's
take a look what else is happening with
deliveries and what people think. So
JP Morgan cut it as we just heard. Uh
here is the delivery consensus.
The average consensus is 461,900
462,000 expected vehicle deliveries,
15.9 gawatt expected energy storage
deployments. And uh here's basically
that's published by Tesla. I think they
have now the analyst estimates all lined
up.
And here Pedi was basically showing us
what the Tesla influencers think. Randy
Kirk is like out there with 530,000. I
don't know exactly how Randy got to that
point. I think it's a little aggressive.
If he's right, he's officially a genius.
Cur curious. Curious Peggy is saying
500,000 straight on flat. So they're
very very bullish. Futurazza 482,000.
Kchi,
not directly a Tesla influencer, but a
very important hive mind
says 482,000.
H Gary Black even is more bullish than
the consensus.
And that is what's going on here. So
what do I think about that? Well, I
think it's not that important. I will
explain that in a second. Why? Uh
here, Christopher Dungeon says in Q2
deliveries embarrassed everyone.
Consensus was 46,000 and Tesla beat by
74,000.
Current bookends are Kent at 422,000,
Goldman at 435,000, Barkley is 4775,000
and JB Morgan at 482,000 cut from
516,000.
H so that is a very important point
because when we look at what's happening
just from a general perspective, I think
Tesla is doing very well. I know it's
doing very well in Europe. Uh I know
Tesla FSD sees a lot of new adoption
that drives up profits and profitability
and there's a huge take up in FSD and
FSD should also have very positive
impact on sales. The same is true for
high oil prices that drives people to
electric cars and who's the king of
electric cars? Of course Tesla. So it
seems a little weird that people
downcorrect their estimates here.
I think in general if you ask me who I
trust the most I trust the most Kchi.
Kalchi is just the hive mind and uh
futurazza also had a good track record.
I think Randy is a little too bullish
here and I think the analysts are as
always wrong. So we could have a slight
beat. But why do I think why do I think
this is generally a more bullish
situation than a bearish situation?
I will be cautious with how I go into
that tomorrow. Uh I got a little burnt
with that big drop. But I do think if I
put my rationality hat on that we are
actually in a pretty good position
because you know that I think we are
dramatically undervalued. Cyber cap is
ramping. We will take a look in a second
at the pioneer lens cyber cap counter
where we are at and generally we are in
a very very good position as Tesla and
at a very very low price for the stock
which makes me strategically bullish and
that was at 380. Now we crashed $30 and
now $23 today after a little bounce back
because only because of that
disappointing kind of speculative news
of JP Morgan. So now we are it's a
classic situation. We have the
disappointment priced into the stock.
Everyone dropped it from 480 uh from 380
to 357 because JP Morgan told us, "Oh,
it's going to be terrible deliveries."
Now, we have the bad sentiment here. We
have the worst out. We have a positive
day today, it seems. Let's see how it
closes. Uh and all of that seems like,
okay, oversold in anticipation of bad
deliveries. What is going to happen if
you have bad deliveries? If you have 450
3 450,000 460,000
will it drop the stock a lot? Maybe a
percent or two but not a lot in my
opinion unless there's a total disaster
coming which is extremely unlikely. So I
see it like that if we actually come out
at 462,000 which is the consensus right
now.
Sorry I didn't share the stock share
price. So, here we were at 480 here,
right? That was just last week. And then
we had this massive drop here from
what is 372 boom all the way down on
Monday to 357 and then even worse
yesterday and then up a little bit
again. So, we got the negative out and
now are up. If we come at 462,000, I
think we are probably going to be flat
or maybe even slightly recovering. uh if
we come in better we might go back in a
straight line to 470
uh 370 380
and what would it take to drop the stock
from here something disastrous that is
just very unlikely now I'm cautious
because some you know from a technical
perspective yeah this doesn't look too
good here there's a clear uptrend since
this giant earnings drop but now we have
a lower low here which I don't like but
generally on a fundamental level I think
we are still on an uptrend and we will
get back to it and the fact that we are
bouncing today a little bit makes me
more bullish but
I'm cautious. I'm not going into that
insanely leveraged. I actually took some
more leverage off the table. I am
leveraged by the way synthetically
leveraged short puts.
So a drop to let's say 340 would not be
very good for me. uh it wouldn't be the
end of the world. A drop to 330 would be
pretty bad. Uh but I'm less leveraged
than I was last week. I am bullish. I
think it is more likely than not that
tomorrow will be good. Uh but I wouldn't
bet the farm on it. Let me put it like
that. And from here, you know how it is.
We have some time to bridge into the
earnings call. That's a whole different
situation. But strategically we see
movement in cyber cap which is very good
news. Different story on top of that is
of course the merger. We can discuss
that in a different video. The merger
becomes more realistic now more and more
because SpaceX is actually doing showing
a lot of stability. Price discovery is
working on SpaceX. Uh we see after the
IPO, right, after this big slide that we
stopped that slide and are now really
stabilizing despite all these share
uh unlocks that you always see in these
dips. People always say I'm dumb. I
don't know what I'm talking about and
every time I'm right, I'm just lucky.
But it's not that easy. It's not that
easy. These unlocks actually work and
they drop the stock. Uh but you see that
it recovers quickly. So I would say we
are actually seeing some form of price
discovery here. We are also getting
tremendously bullish news from SpaceX
all the time. So I am seeing more and
more clearly how this can go. I think
SpaceX has now f found its equilibrium
from here. We expect more good news for
SpaceX to come. Of course compute. I
think people still don't fully
understand how much a gawatt of compute
makes SpaceX. And all of that makes me
believe that this two to 2.5 trillion
range is very realistic for SpaceX to
maintain this year. Of course,
conditional on the market, not crashing.
And that gives us a little bit better
idea how the merger could happen. And I
think there are more and more signs that
this merger is going to happen in Q1 or
whatever. It's not too far off. That's
what I would say. So that is also
something we have to consider for Tesla
because if that is a onetoone merger we
have 30% upside from here. So we are
going to 500 if that happens.
So that's a little bit how I see it. I
do not think a merger can happen. Merger
is an acquisition of Tesla by SpaceX by
the way. Some people speculate about
other things but that's not going to
happen. Elon has the super votes super
majority votes 10x votes on SpaceX. he
definitely wants Tesla to become a part
of SpaceX. Uh so that's very clear. So
SpaceX is acquiring Tesla and then the
question is at what price? It could just
be a premium on top of what the share is
trading now or it could be a onetoone
merger. But in the current constellation
that might be very similar to each
other, right? One would mean 30% premium
for Tesla. So that is something I would
also not discount too much. And whatever
happens, you know that I have the
conviction that all-time highs up to
$500 this year are more likely than not.
That is the macro perspective I'm going
into when I look at the stock. The
reason is number one merger. But even if
no merger, if Cyber Cap scales to
multiple thousands this year, which
could happen any week now, any week. It
could also not happen. I get it. But
it's more likely than not to happen.
Multiple thousands. I said 10,000.
Maybe that was too high. Who knows? I
still think there is a very reasonable
chance that we get multiple thousands.
2,000, 3,000, 5,000. Who knows?
So, and if that happens, we absolutely 1
million% will go to 500 or more.
That's how I see the situation. Let's
see uh what the chat is doing. There's a
lot to discuss that we didn't discuss
yet. We didn't discuss other stocks.
Micron blew it out of the water, of
course, the earnings. But let's see what
the chat says and talk about Tesla a
little bit.
Marco Yolo waves.
Here's a wave from Marco Yolo.
Where is it? Can I show it? Show. Show.
Uh live Joe. Let's go from scooter 24.
Dan says, "Tesla delivery numbers always
crash the stock." Good point. Good
point. Not always, but sometimes. The
new SEC filing by Tesla September 29th.
Autoboard retail shares with board. Do
you think this is getting ready for the
merger? Um,
that's a very good point. I didn't think
about that. If that is a merger play,
it could be a very interesting merger
play. Of course, it could be a very
interesting merger play. It could be
that for the shareholder meeting, they
put this in, everyone votes yes as
always, and then comes the merger vote
and then they get some free votes
because of that. Very interesting.
How are cyber caps counted? Well, I can
show you here. Here is the cybercap
counter on Pioneer Lands. Uh we use
multiple trackers to scan two things.
Uh here is the counter. We have a new
Pioneer brief up by the way for all the
citizens. Go there. We talk about Muse
Meta Muse and a lot of interesting
things. Six orbits, 23 uh 26 real
satellites. So we have all the latest
updates here by the way. Citizen
exclusive of course, but everyone can
get there. Uh, Gemini 4, we have a very
good weekly brief now. We have the
weekly brief twice a week, by the way,
starting this week. It's going to be
hot. Our editorial staff is improving.
This is man-made, womanade, men and
women made. This is not AI, by the way.
Our brief is handcurated by real human
brains.
Uh, so it's counted by multiple cyber
trackers, cyber gap trackers, and
robotexi trackers. Uh we scan the uh
Texas DMV website for the registered uh
cyber caps. So we saw 57 additional caps
being registered in the last week uh and
52 spotted in the wild. So the the
likely number of truly deployed ones is
between the registered and the spotted,
but these are confirmed
kills.
Uh so that's how this works.
Okay, let's go to
back to the chat.
Where's the chat?
We have to continue the chat. The chat
says,
uh, I think options expiration will send
it down a little, just long enough for
me to close mine. SpaceX, same. Same.
Let's see.
Uh, here BHS.
This dude has the accent. I know. I
know. Once Germans approve Tesla
self-driving, it will sweep the EU. They
might even mandate it. Germans can't
even. That's true. The these staffy EU
folks are very singular in how they do
things. If they approve Tesla
self-driving, Europe falls to Elon
better than China. Very good points. I
think I think Elon is going to win this.
We have a lot of fans of Elon in Europe
and also even in the administration in
the EU despite the rumors that everyone
hates Elon. It's not true. A lot of
people love Elon. Some hate him. And
you're right, the EU is a bigger price
than China because Tesla will dominate
Europe much more than it will dominate
China. In China, a lot of stuff is going
on and the Chinese government is more
protective
here. Zu Ziggo, Florida, what do you
think about Nick Gibbs belief the merger
announcement will happen coincidentally
with the Roadster reveal October 15th? I
mean, it's complete speculation. Um, but
I would say this,
you know, I had disagreements with
Alexander Mertz. Not in not in in
principle. Alexandra has great ideas,
but about the merger timing, I said no
way it's going to happen that quickly. I
think now some time has gone by and we
are now in a much more likely situation
that we see merger announcements soon. I
still think it's a little early October
15th. There's still a lot of work to be
done,
but I think it is not to be excluded,
okay, from the list of possibilities.
And I'm actually actively considering
doing some relatively shortunning leaps
because
this merger is going to happen and will
have a massive massive premium in it. I
think the stock is completely ignoring
this while institutions are loading up
the stock which is a little suspicious.
The pace at that retail is exiting and
the pace at that institutions are
loading up is a little suspicious.
Something is going on. Uh you see
Alexandra
posted something. Did I repost this?
Uh she posted something about
Tesla institution
institutional investments.
Let's see.
August 15th. Well, there is something
even later, but she posts these things
here.
Um and you see what's going on. But this
went even more crazy. Here's like the
institutional ownership that changed
with uh
S&amp;P inclusion or something. But here you
see it's going up pretty steeply and it
went even more up. So the institutions
become increasingly greedy for Tesla
because it's just an absolute bargain
right now. It's completely mad what the
stock is trading at given the situation.
So this can't go on for too long. Now we
can also always see a drop. Some people
say 290 300.
It doesn't matter to me if that happens.
It's just load up more and more and
more. Even though I become more greedy
for SpaceX, I have to say SpaceX is just
also developing very nicely.
Uh hey Joe, we have discussed many times
about when Optimus will be scaled. 2028
will be massive scaling or fully scaled.
Uh, it's never fully scaled. This will
take a long time for Optimus to fully
scale. I do think in 2027
will 2027
will be the year of the humanoid robot.
I have very little doubt. There will be
millions and millions of these things
roaming the earth. Next year there will
be a fullon
fullon
attack of the robot. prepare meals,
&gt;&gt; do the laundry,
&gt;&gt; and that includes Optimus. Uh, so I do
think we will have 5,000 Optimus robots
this year secretly deployed within
Tesla. 5 to 10,000 and I do think next
year could be the year where we go above
50,000
uh and then we scale very rapidly
towards the million by 2029. I think
this is now inevitable. you see all the
progress uh with the Optimus buildout.
You know, in Texas, the factory, they're
investing a lot of money. Uh Joe
Techmire just posted something. Uh Techm
Optimus,
he just posted the latest uh accelerated
time frame for
uh Optimus Facto. This is
the latest of the Optimus Factory. This
is a dedicated factory in Austin, Texas
around Austin, Texas just for Optimus.
Look at that thing. Optimus is not that
large. That means you can squeeze a lot
of Optim out of that thing. So this is a
million Optimus run rate potential. So I
think uh this will become pretty real by
2028.
Uh will the Roadster do a loop dloop?
Yes, it will jump around.
Uh it's going to take some time to train
optimism. I don't think we're quite
there yet because of safety reasons. I
think they will be a little pushed out.
Like I think we will see scale sooner
than later. I think we see it by 2028
because and I said this before when it
comes to humanoid robots, you can't wait
too long. This is a giant global race
that is in full swing. Tesla just simply
doesn't have the time to wait that long.
And it's very clear that this is
extremely rapidly evolving. It's very
clear that version three is done. Uh it
needs to be trained but the hardware is
done. It's ordered. It can be scaled to
multiple hundreds of thousands. Uh
probably by next year we have version
four at some point end of next year. So
sure there will be some training but
they don't have that much time.
Default default to board more likely to
deal with how many banks and others do
not allow retail holds at all but would
help the merger vote. Yes, exactly. If
they have an auto roll of your vote,
very good for the merger vote.
Woo, I agree. I'm long Tesla. Yeah, very
good.
SpaceX and Tesla merger will not happen
in the foreseeable future due to SpaceX
sensitivity to all the parties involved.
I think it's going to happen in the
foreseeable future, but it is a very
complicated thing.
Sean says, "Thank you for being so
active with your shows and Herbert.
Things are moving too fast." I totally
agree, but we made giant breakthroughs
on Pioneer Lands. I tell you guys, it's
going to be awesome. I will not present
it to you yet, but we have this thing
coming here. This is so hot. This is It
still needs to be debugged, but we will
have these voters here. So, you can
actually vote and get your opinions in
for all these things in Pioneer Lands.
And then we have build. This is like
amazing.
This is amazing. We have an AI system
now next level where you can use
Grockbot and all the others in a much
more effective way. You can actually
connect your entire business now to
Grockot or cloud cowwork and so on.
Still needs some debugging and there's
another one coming. So, think build and
govern. It's going to be so huge. We're
very excited about this here. You heard
it first. This was an inofficial
non-announcement.
BHS, let's let's do a like festival.
Festival of likes. Fun chat. Have fun,
boys. Exactly. Like it. Like the chat
and uh be happy. Zo, Florida, I've been
selling very shorttime calls on some of
my Tesla to play it safe. Nice. Because
they close three times each week. Three
times. Oh, you sell super short.
Printing dollar for more SpaceX on the
dips. Nice.
Hello. No. 500 price same as it was 5
years ago with spy making record new
pass. I know that
I'm pair trading taxfree between Tesla
and SpaceX. Which do you think has the
biggest return into year? Oo, that's a
tough question.
Uh I think given how bad Tesla is
positioned right now in terms of share
price, I think Tesla outperforms SpaceX.
Yeah. Because SpaceX
uh is just very highly valued. Uh but it
has tremendous things coming for it. But
I think people will discount these new
terrestrial deals that they have a
little bit and they say, "Oh, but is it
sustainable?" Blah blah blah. Uh whereas
Tesla just has to go back to alltime
highs in my opinion.
Andreas Prison is back. Hello. Hi,
Andreas.
Tesla is a civilian utility business
while SpaceX involves national defense,
air, and space. I mean, of course. Of
course, SpaceX is the big deal. There's
no doubt about it. SpaceX is a bigger
deal than Tesla. But Tesla is relatively
undervalued right now, especially
short-term.
I'm getting insanely bullish on SpaceX.
And we'll cover that a little bit more
because we're now digging really deep in
now. We see where the price equilibrium
is. The market price discovery has is
concluding as we speak.
Flight 14 was just absolutely
spectacular and we know they're on the
right way. The Nvidia announcement for
Q4 2027 for the AI satellite with
SpaceX. These are history making things.
So, you know, I had my thesis about
SpaceX, but there was a lot of risk
involved. Now we have seen a lot of
d-risking. Everything goes better than I
expected. So I'm getting very bullish on
this whole thing. Greetings Joe from
Dali D Vargas from Tempe, Arizona.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I found the
Pioneer Lens trading strategy
outperformed TSL and TSLRs in 2025. Yes,
it did. When possible, could you give us
a com for 2026 year to date? Well, we
had to interrupt our trading because of
this whole setup. We setting up the
pioneer bonds uh in Q. When did we stop
this? In Q2 because we had to transfer
some things, but we are going to start
hopefully again next week.
I will give you an update then. I hope
we are full back on with institutional
trading where I can tell you the real
time outcomes for the bonds and for
Pioneer Alpha.
It it it will definitely start again in
October. It was a terrible delay. That
was one of the most bad experiences I
had so far my business life. This was a
total gh it was a total administrative
and regulatory
uh excursion. That was not fun. But now
we got it all under control. I think
Andreas Pettison, I wouldn't mind Skynet
going live.
Andreas, don't do it. Anol, get the
chopper. I don't want Skynet. I'm
against I'm anti Skynet.
Uh, I will vote no without that $750
wedge. Andreas is against the merger for
500.
Millions and millions roaming next year.
Come on now. Cyber caps. Let's see about
that.
Uh, Pot X1M. I'm pair trading Tesla and
SpaceX. Which do you think will give the
higher return next year into year end?
I'm hoping expecting Tesla. I agree. Uh
I think Tesla is better positioned for
more stock price appreciation,
but they have to scale this godamn cyber
cap. If Tesla gets to multiple thousands
of cyber caps, it will dramatically
outperform SpaceX.
What's the worst case situation? That
Tesla for some reason stays under 10,000
cyber caps. Not great. Or under 500. Not
great. And at the same time, SpaceX
somehow kills it and announces a 100red
billion in compute margin or something,
then SpaceX outperforms Tesla. But I
think that's much less likely. Tesla
will have the chip tariff up by 2029.
Yes, but no one cares about the future
right now uh in the stock market. Look
at Micron.
Uh,
do you have an updated fleet count for
Cyber Cab? Yes, I just showed it here.
We have it down here. We have 52
confirmed spotted, 126
uh, registered commercially with DMV and
1,081
robo taxis total.
By the way, in 8 days, we have the next
share unlock for SpaceX. Don't forget
that. October 9th.
Joe, should we do a wheel strategy on
Tesla stock seeing it goes like a roller
coaster? Well, until it goes not
doesn't. Yeah, until it doesn't.
When SpaceX and Tesla merge, what do you
expect the premium to be for Tesla
share? I said this before, Doug. I think
we are getting closer to understanding
and discovering the true price of
SpaceX. And I do think it's around here.
I think 150 is what the market likes
right now. If we see I think this is
getting to where the market wants the
stock to be. We have seen the unlocks as
I predicted. They are not happen. They
don't have any sales or downtrend effect
around 135 or even 140. Up here the
analog still hit the stock but not that
hard. So I would say 150 is what we are
looking at to be year end. maybe a
little higher uh depending on the news.
If they have massive news that might,
you know, move the stock a little bit
higher. But the good news is now we have
on a higher level than expected than I
expected. SpaceX stabilizing at 150 for
good reasons. By the way, I think there
are very good reasons to have the stock
here. Uh and that gives us more
confidence to understand what is the
true value of SpaceX. 150 it seems for
now. And that means if he would do a
onetoone merger, Tesla gets a roughly
30% upside. Now, of course, people say,
"I hate this. I don't like it." I like
it more and more to be honest because
because I'm getting so bullish on
SpaceX, right? Do I mind having my Tesla
shares appreciate 30% to 500 then being
merged into SpaceX and fully focused on
SpaceX? I wouldn't mind to be totally
honest at this point. I wouldn't mind.
And I changed my position on that. I
said before I want more. Now I don't
care anymore because it's clear that
SpaceX is absolutely going to kill it.
And not in the distant future, not in
2028. It will keep killing in 2027
smoothly smoothly filling up that gap
between orbital AI explosion and maybe
Grock
and today with that terrestrial buildout
and I believe Elon I don't believe Elon
saying 10 gawatt that's ridiculous. But
I do believe SpaceX could add next year
four or more gigawatts to what they have
and that makes them so rich. That's like
500 That's $400 billion dollar in margin
in earnings. Absolutely nuts. So I mean
it's just absolutely crazy the whole
thing. So I'm not, you know, I don't
mind too much.
I think SpaceX grows faster because
space is a limited frontier with the
only gatekeeper. Well, Jon John Avery.
Uh, but we are talking about 2026. We
talking about the next three months.
That's why I'm saying I believe Tesla
will outperform SpaceX.
Right. Let's see if we merge. I will be
right anyway. Would you buy a Cybertruck
if it was available in the EU? I
actually ordered a Cybertruck when I was
in California, but then I didn't pull
the trigger because I was moving.
Uh, no. Oh, it's a little crazy. A model
Y is perfect. Here
we have the fish on the hook. If you
aren't holding on, you'll miss the
catch. Don't try to make a perfect
trade. Make a decent trade on a
long-term winner. Very wise words from
Poxy Frostbite. Andreas Patterson says
750 or I don't vote yes. There was a
German which told me about this once,
not saying any names. I know, Andreas,
but as I just explained, I changed my
position now that I see where SpaceX is
and where I see these massive drisk
derisking moments with with flight 14,
with Nvidia partnering up on the AI
satellite, with Starling V3 verified,
and with the giant gigawatt buildout
that is actually working, that brings in
enormous amounts of money next year. I
am not concerned about SpaceX anymore. I
think 150 is actually fair. I think this
thing can double roughly by end of next
year, which is all I need. If you get
Tesla up 30% short term on that and then
give me 100% every year from now on,
that's all I need.
Um,
ZGO Florida says, "So at the 1:1, you
mean Tesla goes to 500? We get three
space shares for each share of Tesla."
Well, you have to think in market cap.
Maybe that pans roughly out also in the
shares, but that would be random. Uh,
you have to look at the market cap. Uh,
Tesla is at 1.5 trillion or whatever.
Where is it? So, this thing's at 2
trillion.
Tesla is at 1.4 trillion. So in order to
get it to two trillion uh you need to
get up
600
billion
that is like what is it 40%. I can't
even do the math. What is 600 billion of
1.4 trillion? It's like 40% up. So what
is 40% of that number?
I mean it's roughly 500. That's what it
is.
Yeah. Roughly 500. Pretty much exactly
500 for some reason.
Fair. I'm not changing our position. We
have to work on Andreas to get the vote.
We need Andreas vote.
Uh based on your post, 1 gawatt on
compute for SpaceX makes about 40
billion annual profit, which is the
equivalent of about 1 million robotics
for Tesla. Doesn't SpaceX look like a
better opportunity than Tesla?
Lang balls. Well, yeah,
that's the truth. Um, they still have to
show that they can actually get 2 gawatt
life. They have to show how much of that
they can lease out, but I think more
than one gawatt, much more than 1.5
gawatt they can lease out.
And that means this year SpaceX is going
to make as much money as probably 1.5
million robot taxis.
That's pretty impressive. But also
SpaceX has massively higher
capex, massively higher capex than
Tesla. Uh has more losses than Tesla to
offset. But bottom line is yes. And and
they are trading at two trillion, not at
1.4 trillion. So if you factor this all
in, it's not massively better than
Tesla, but it is a little better than
Tesla to be quite frank. and if they can
actually pull off adding another two
two gigawatts or more next year. But I
think they could I mean I think they
could add four gigawatt or more. But
that's a that's a big bet on on on Tesla
of course on SpaceX.
Uh but Long Balls is completely correct.
That's what's going on in my little
brain right now. these math things where
I think like it's just going to be very
very hard if you just put this together.
If they get even five gigawatts live
next year in total, 5 gawatt in total,
that's $200 billion in profit
because AI is not going to get cheaper.
There's absolutely no way we see the
demand. So that's $200 billion in
profit.
Even if I'm off with the profit
calculation by 25% is $150 billion. You
know how much that is? That's that's
nuts. That's three million
3 to four million 3.5 million cyber caps
million next year. So
yeah,
of course you can argue, by the way, you
can argue once Tesla is running, it is
much easier to scale into the tens of
millions of cyber caps than it is to
build out more of this compute on Earth.
But then they have the orbital compute
coming.
So yeah, I mean it just looks insanely
attractive this whole thing.
What do you think about the bond markets
pulling away investments in the stock
market? Well, that's definitely
happening. one, two, three, four, five
max. That's definitely a big problem.
That's the big That's the big elephant
in the room right now. Will the bond
market just keep going nuts? But I think
there's Iran and some other things
uh you know, it's always forwardlooking.
So, I'm not a bond expert. I mean, I am
a pioneer bond expert, but not a bond
bond expert. And uh of course, this is
extremely disturbing, extremely
dangerous, but the market doesn't seem
to be too concerned. And I think the
reason for that is the same with the oil
price when it was high and now it's low
not low but uh you have to be
forwardlooking what do the bond experts
say why it is so high and what is the
projection what the drivers behind that
price will do in the future and I think
right now people just believe that this
is not sustained growth of the interest
rates for 10-year bonds I think that's
the main reason here you don't have to
watch the price you have to watch the
expectation what's happening in the
future and they seem to be that this is
going back.
I mean, look at the bund and all this is
in Japan. That's really crazy. But the
Germans are just complete morons, the
government. I mean, they're trying to
destroy Germany and they're trying to
drive up this the Bund was at zero at
0.1 or something. Now it's at 3.5
because they destroyed the thing. And
the Japanese also very interesting.
UK is basically toast anyway. That's not
that important what's happening here.
But Bo and Japan,
very dubious stuff. But of course, the
big fish is the United States. And you
you have to look in the forwardlooking
trajectory and projections and they
don't seem to be so bad. If they become
bad, then we have a real problem.
Uh so I'm maybe off topic, but what do
you think about Bitcoin's role in the
market right now? I'm into Micro
Strategy. Made good profits lately, but
thinking of staying in there until
Bitcoin 120,000
plus. I am totally into Bitcoin. I
believe it's inevitable. I'm also in
Ethereum. I'm not in Solana, but that
has nothing to do with conviction. I
think Solana might also be great. And
but I don't think it's that much of a
hedge versus ether. Um, and I do think
we are in a bull run back after this.
You know, it just matches up with all
the what the experts say on the cycle.
Uh, we are back into the bull cycle in
my opinion and that means 120,000 more
is possible over the next year and
there's no reason to uh not hold on to
it in my opinion and micro strategy will
also get a higher multiple expansion.
I have half a mind to diversify by
moving my RAS from Tesla to SpaceX and
and Stretch.
I mean the the argument against SpaceX
is the merger and then you get more
upside with Tesla
and short term I think Tesla is just
completely undervalued short term. So I
think
for now for this year
I think Tesla is the better bet for
these two reasons. If you get a merger,
you get all the upside. You don't get it
on SpaceX. SpaceX probably drops when
you merge announced. Not much, but a
little bit. Uh, and if you don't get a
merger, Tesla has more room to run. But
strategically,
I think SpaceX is hotter to be totally
honest.
Uh, good question. Positive persistence.
I mean, that's a very deep question. How
many people have the mental fortitude to
actually implement these stock option
strategies? I mean, I don't know. I know
some have and I know I can if I can
share something in the Pioneer Academy,
my courses that will help those who have
the mental fortitude, but many won't
have it. And it's very exhausting. I
tell you that it's very exciting, very
exhausting. That's why we also having
the bonds so everyone can just get
exposure without the craziness. Um, but
you have to be incredibly disciplined
and it will hurt. There's no doubt about
that.
Uh, Jeff
or Fogerty, will Tesla have to raise
capital? If so, dilute the stock? Well,
they just got a $30 billion credit line,
which dropped the stock also, by the
way. Uh, they have now $30 billion in
credit line, so I don't think so. Beyond
that,
uh,
Stephen Mark Ryan thinks the SpaceX move
up will shock everyone after they report
this quarter's revenue could be.
At the same time, I wouldn't, you know,
it's very speculative because it's not
the biggest secret, right? And and the
SpaceX investors tend to be total pros.
These are very very sophisticated funds
in SpaceX. So if they report some crazy
revenue number, I wouldn't be surprised.
I mean, what do you think they do with
all the compute? They lease it out. They
get massive revenue. They have tens of
billions in profit.
But
maybe that's priced in. Look at Micron.
Look at Micron.
We have to understand and that's the
difference between SpaceX terrestrial
compute business. The orbital compute is
completely speculative from an analyst
perspective. They will wait and wait and
wait. They're not pioneer lands. They're
not seeing the future as clearly as we
do. So they're going to wait. They
think, "Oh, it's not happening."
Terrestrial compute, everyone know it's
happening. But people say it's cyclical
or it's not expandable enough, right?
People say maybe they can build two
gigawatts now, maybe they can to build
another 2 gawatt next year, but then
they come to a grinding hold
and there are good reasons to believe
that. So they're not getting anywhere
close to the multiples that you get on
Cyber Cap. Yeah, we have to understand
that CyberCap is clearly scalable.
Everyone gets it, but terrestrial
computers not.
BC Jones, I just joined Pioneer Lands.
Very good, BC Jones. Welcome to Pioneer
Lands. This page is going to get so hot
in October.
We will have amazing tools for the
pioneers to get empowered and survive
and thrive in the age of AGI, which is
now
Ziggo, Florida. That's why I've showed
my Tesla buying and I'm trying to add
more SpaceX, especially my two Roth
accounts. Very smart.
Geminy gave me 20% odds that Trump
floods the country with Chinese EVs only
under the agreement the run Tesla FSD
exclusively and it absolutely destroys
our current competition.
I don't think so. I think Tesla FSD
licensing will take more time.
Uh Jay Eber says, "Don't get me wrong.
I'm still super bullish Tesla on the
company, but I'm so so so incredibly
sick of the stock five years of
nothing." I I I understand where you're
coming from. This is very frustrating
right now.
Joe, you're already trimming, which
makes sense. A systematic model went
further. Inflation regime semi cut 80%
cash tantrum before liquidity or start
of beer bear just a trim or bigger cut.
Well,
I am getting very familiarized with
SpaceX these days. I do think a merger
is going to happen. I do think that will
benefit Tesla massively more than
SpaceX. At the same time, SpaceX clearly
has the stronger business model. There
is absolutely no doubt. So, SpaceX just
becoming very hot.
Uh, one, two, three, four, five. Me, I
live in the UK. Good luck. I mean I love
the UK but you guys have serious
problems.
Uh street credit zero Chinese EVs
running FSD. Do you realize that Tesla
FSD has very significant hardware and
car structure requirements? Yes, that's
also important what street zero says
here. Everyone talks about FSD
licensing. You understand if you license
FSD you need to buy hardware 5 from
Tesla. So basically you're building
Teslas you know it's not that simple.
You basically have to license you. You
just can build Teslas.
Uh, as you get sick of it, institutional
owning percent keeps going up. They're
going to rattle all of you out of it. I
mean, Tesla is just, don't get yourself
fooled. I have to agree. Tesla is just
absolutely undervalued on all historic
and comparative metrics.
I mean, look at this.
One year down 22%.
Five years. Oh, five years is up.
38%.
We up 38%. 5 years. Not bad.
Yeah. Ridiculous. Max, we a little up
27,000%.
Don't forget that we're up 27,000%.
We up 355.8. 80.
So it was at $1. What is that?
Am I stupid?
Can't even do the math. Am I stupid? 20
cents.
$128.
Uh,
speaking about Germany, Zo, Florida,
what a travesty. What is going on with
Folkswagen burning? so many employees.
All the while the suits take bonuses in
golden pairs. Yeah, it's a complete
sellout. This is horrible. I'm betting
announcement of mergers on the 15th. If
the stock moves the right way, I'll
it'll change my life. I don't know. I
would not bet crazy amounts on on these
speculations, but it could happen. I
don't think so, but it could happen. We
have a peak price prediction for BTC and
Ethereum for this bull cycle after the
2028 happening.
I mean, I'm not a total expert. No one
is an expert, by the way, on this whole
thing. But, you know, I think you can
just uh we know that this thing can go
to 1 million, 2 million, 3 million. We
know Ethereum can get to 30, 40, 50,000.
So, in that respect, I think the bull
cycle now will just follow the old bull
cycles. We'll probably double, right?
Double the peak. You have to like look
at the previous bull cycles. Look at
what 125,000 is compared to the last
peak. I think it's 100% up. So, I would
not be surprised if you go to 250,000.
I would not bet against that. Let me put
it like that.
Can we watch the famous speech from the
German CEO talking about how many cars
they're making and selling compared to
Tesla? Oh god, that was so embarrassing.
these people
uh JP Mong numbers an accident are
doubted interested to see who's buying
exactly good point Aaron Pauly always
never forget that these people
manipulate the market for their clients
if AI is now SI when do we call what do
we call ASI my vote is super duper
intelligious no I think ASI is the
killer SI that we don't want and SI is
the Trump SI the winner SI I that's how
we should see it. That's how Trump plans
to do it. If they kill us all, he said
it wasn't SI, it was ASI. I always said
I don't want it. But if he get utopia
said I told you it's super intelligence.
Actually, Trump is a little smart about
these brandings. People mock him, but
he's very smart about that stuff.
I'm all cash right now and still
contemplating if I should get back in on
a real Tesla dip tomorrow or just go
SpaceX buy aggressive cash secured puts
to get it signed.
I have some
What do I have? I have short puts
SpaceX short puts 149 I think expiring
end of next week and I'm going to get
rid of them before
like on Thursday or something before the
unlock.
Nick and Randy think there may be a
10 15 merger announcement with the car
of but it's totally speculative. That's
totally speculative and they might be
right. I'm not betting on it. I think it
can happen. I have nothing against
speculation, but this is true
speculation. And uh don't forget the
murder is a very complicated thing and
shouldn't be rushed and should be
extremely well prepared.
I just had Muse scan my email for some
info I needed from months back and I it
was such a timesaver. I'm a simple user
right now, but I can see how useful
these agents can be to the masses. You
should try out Grockbot. Grockbot is
mindboggling. I didn't try out Muse yet,
but I heard Muse is also absolutely
mind-boggling. I think Muse and Rockbot
are the absolute killer applications.
Maybe Chad GPT will copy them. Let's
see. I don't know the latest there.
Talk to the purple hairs and the
socialists. You should watch my ex feed.
I just posted something about feminism
in the Middle Ages. Uh that was good. So
yeah, that is the big situation here.
Um, we will see what happens tomorrow.
Uh, I told you what my position is. I
think it's more likely than not to be a
good day for Tesla, but my conviction is
not super high. That's why I'm going
into tomorrow bullish positioned
slightly levered with short puts that
give me a buffer down to 347.
I can easily survive that with some
profits below. I'm bleeding far below.
It's going to be bad, but it's not a
absolute crazy thing I'm doing here
because I don't trust this whole setup.
I want to be a little cautious and
conservative. Actually, now that we wrap
the show up, I'm going to take some more
bets off the table because I have no
appetite for getting
getting slapped in the face again. But
that having said, if you would ask me,
Joe, is this going to be a green day or
a red day tomorrow? I bet on green
cautiously
because the weakness of the stock is
real and if it wants to drop, it wants
to drop. So, a cautious green bet. That
is my position. With some buffer, I will
make money all the way down to 347.
Below, it's going to be bad. above. It's
going to be great. If we rally back to
380 or 370, I will lose out on some
alpha because it's not a giant bet I'm
making.
Geopoly expert Peter Zion, oh yeah, will
fall because of demographic. I know, but
Peter Zion is always wrong. That's the
problem. He sounds very compelling,
great to listen to, but he's a little
wrong all the time. So, we have to be a
little cautious with him.
But thank you so much for joining today.
Uh, good night everyone. Good night
Andreas. Andreas says good night to all
the Europeans. Good afternoon to all the
Americans. Good morning to the
Australians. And we wrap it up here.
We see what tomorrow brings.
Ger says, "We are very close, guys. The
misery is almost over." I hope so. But
you might be right. So, let's see you on
the other side tomorrow. We will know if
that was a green day or red day very
quickly and we will cover that maybe
live tomorrow. Let's see what I can do.
Until then, thanks for joining and uh
see you then. Bye-bye. Go to
pioneerlands.org.
That's where the action is. Spanul.