Channel:     futureaza
Title:       FSD Crash Probe (Not Tesla!) | Ireland FSD Just Dropped? | S/X Era Over? | LEAK?!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDwLL5N6smQ
Published:   2026-05-11 04:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Monday, May 11th. In some parts of
the world, at least the part that I'm
in, it is 9:00 a.m. It is news time.
We've got a whole bunch of stories about
batteries, about about the end of an era
for SNX, about uh Irish FSD. No, it's
not a drink. It's not anything of the
sort. It's just the news. Uh yeah, I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurasa. Let's get
into it. Too many stories to cover. And
by the way, there is a Q&amp;A at the end. I
get through these as quick as I can to
get you all the news you need. end of an
era. Last model S and X have been
produced the factory. 14 years of
history for S, 11 for X and it's uh
pretty beautiful and crazy that it's not
loading properly. Uh but you can see
that there is the factory being worked
upon. There's a whole team that actually
built it. And uh great, that's just
great. It's not loading. But uh that's
the uh car all graffitied out with the
signatures of the kind folks who worked
on it, which means of course today must
be the big delivery day. It is not. With
uh just 72 hours notice, Tesla delayed
the big final delivery event because why
wouldn't they? Uh what a great way to
reward your most loyal fans, uh people
who bought your product endlessly. Just
delay it. Uh, and I suspect the reason
why is because they're not actually
done. I don't know if I can get this to
play. I can get this to play, but I
can't get a picture to come up. This is
a gentleman installing. Uh, according to
Josh, the final brake booster. Uh, so
there we go. And I'm not positive, but
I'm reasonably confident that this is
also leaked footage from the factory.
Unless, and hear me out, this might
actually be a screenshot from the 1986
documentary Gung-Ho.
Yeah, that's that might be what it is.
That might be what it is. Can't
guarantee. No way of knowing.
You know, Japan used to be a joke. In
1986, Japanese cars were a joke. Well,
guess what? They were already pretty
good by 1986, but I'm sure when the
script for Gung-ho was written, not as
good yet. Now, China has that
reputation. So, let's take a look at
what the China stuff is. Let's turn on
this little thing here so you can see
what's going on. There's some comments.
Shanghai just had its best April ever.
79,000 cars. Puts them right about on
pace for a million a year out of that 10
million square foot factory. Not too
surprising. Sixth straight month of
growth as the factory continues to
rebound.
Amazing. And these Model 3s, you know,
oh, Model 3, it's the end of the road,
guys. In March, it was the second
bestselling EV in the world. And now we
can add Canada to that list. They will
sell 10,000, tens of thousands.
Well, what are we talking about? We got
some China stuff here. China
investigates EV overthe-ear range cuts.
Owners say 500 km drops below 300.
Yeah. And uh MEV owners in China have
claimed some EVs capable of 500
kilometers have been reduced to less
than 300 in real world usage following
remote overtheair updates that modified
the battery management. Chinese state
broadcaster published a detailed report
on so-called battery locking. Now in the
actual original article, it didn't say
anything about 500 to 300. It didn't
name any specific batteries. This is uh
as it turns out BS. BYD threatens legal
action as Tesla, Zeer, and EV giants
deny regulator talks. Battery lock
rumors rejected. You see, the story just
kept getting bigger and bigger. Multiple
automakers, including BYD, Tesla, Neo,
Xiaoong, Ziker, GAC, ion, and Lee Auto
denied online claims. It didn't make
sense. Regulators had interviewed eight
new energy vehicle companies after
consumer complaints. See, that's the
thing is anybody can complain about
anything. I got to hear about a
conversation with a um auto industry
friend uh who has a friend who works at
Nitsa and the question was why am I
getting so many Tesla complaints? The
answer is because people who don't own
them are filing complaints to gum up the
works on purpose.
You know, there's a normal complaint
ratio. Maybe it's for every 10,000
errors there's one complaint. Maybe it's
every thousand to one, but they were
getting more complaints than there were
units of the car that had been sold.
That's not normal. So, some people want
to just throw a wrench in the works.
Automakers issued denial. It doesn't
make sense. And then they're say, "Oh,
well, we're we're uh going to go ahead
and and investigate. We're we're we're
conducting a fraud." And no, they just
said, "Hey, what's going on? Let's not
be crazy. But you know what is crazy?
And you know what is a good battery?
Apparently the new Sun WODA, the LFP
battery. This is a a small battery, 62.5
kwatt hours. So it would be and it's all
usable. It would be for the, you know,
standard range, short range car. Ultra
fast charging at 3C, 10 to 80% in 15
minutes
versus 25 minutes before. And that means
because it can drain faster and charge
faster, you get 5.2 seconds 0 to 62
instead of 6.1. A little bit faster.
Tesla's fifth battery factory. That's a
weird way of phrasing it that there's
definitely more factories that have been
used than five. Maybe they mean fifth
provider. Unclear.
So, this is something that they're
already seeing in China. We may end up
seeing it in other places as well. But
you know what is less exciting? Little
more disappointing.
This Tesla 4680 battery falls short on
range and charging after years of hype.
Now, normally I wouldn't cover something
like this except that Yash Bahaj Bajage
actually put in the work, actually
cited the things that needed to be
cited. We're talking about two real
things. I mean, yes, the cost is
allegedly lower. We don't know that for
sure, but we can believe it. If a can
costs what a can costs to make, but the
can is bigger, that's less cost per
vehicle, even if it's slightly more cost
per can. But what it doesn't do is beat
on W hours per kilogram. So 244 is
apparently what we're at, and the 2170s
are at 269. That's not great. That's 8%
less energy uh per kilogram. Those
numbers are simply on paper. Let's talk
about the real world. Well, we know the
real world. 15 minutes gets you 27 kwatt
hours versus the LFP battery. So that
what this is saying, I had a
conversation with some folks yesterday.
They were asking me solid state,
semi-olid state, when is it coming? And
I said, you know what, it kind of
doesn't matter. All of the things that
they were hoping to address with solid
state, lower cost, faster charging, uh
more fireresistant,
all of those are already addressed with
LFPs. LFPs have gotten quite cheap.
They've always been cheaper, but they've
gotten quite cheap. Uh they're
fireresistant and they now charge quite
fast. Maybe not as fast as a theoretical
solid state battery, but I don't live in
the theoretical world. I'm happy to live
in the real one sometimes.
So, uh, what else do we got? You know,
uh, more China stuff, more battery
stuff, more competition stuff. Selling
factories to Chinese partners. Risky
road for European car makers. Car maker
Santis announced Friday it's considering
selling an underutilized factory in
Spain to its Chinese joint venture, Leap
Motors, which could save jobs in the
short term, but risks further
strengthening Chinese automakers.
Doesn't risk it. It doesn't risk it. It
guarantees it. Uh why would Leap Motors
be doing this if only for a risk of an
improved position? Think it through.
It's a question all European automakers
are facing. The continent's car market
has never fully recovered from the
pandemic downturn. Their factories are
operating on average at half capacity.
Also have the onslaught from Chinese car
makers whose rapidly advancing technical
prowess and low production costs pose
major risks. So the idea is they put in
these steep import tariffs. Fine, we
won't import them. We'll build them
here. How you like man?
But uh you know in terms of loyalty,
even with those, you know, less exciting
charge curves and whatnot, Tesla owners
keep coming back for more. They have the
highest owner uh overall loyalty to the
brand.
It's not the 80 plus% it was in the
early adopter days. It's still at 63.6
six among Asian households and 61.9
among Hispanic households. It's very
strong. People love it. And I know
people who don't like the company, don't
like necessarily Elon, still finds
issues with either the FSD or the build
quality, but say just can't imagine
buying anything else. And I get it. got
a lot of reviews coming up over the next
week of cars of Cadillac Lyric, of the
Jeep Grand uh the Wagon Ear S, of the
new Ionic 5, and of the new Leaf, which
I'd never gotten a chance to see before
now. And to all of them, I say they're
pretty good cars, but they are just
cars.
You're more interested in things that
are just stocks. Hey, guess what? We've
got this guy.
Yeah, Tesla Inc., I don't know if you've
heard of it. It is up, which is
exciting. 440.
That's awfully good. 52- week high is
498. So, we're still down on that.
Here's your 5day. That's pretty
exciting. One month, six month, year to
date, and one year.
Yeah, you don't always get to see that
much green. So, congratulations.
Uh, now we've got Tesla in talks with
the Irish government over self-driving
software approval. This article says a
lot without saying anything at all, but
basically that they have had
conversations
um
in here. Where does it say it? Is
Ireland close? In a statement to RTE
news, the Department of Transportation
said that Tesla are currently engaging
with the Irish authorities, including
the Irish approval body, regarding their
FST system. department added that
negotiations will continue on both
national and EU levels, but at this
stage it's not possible to provide
timelines for any EU approval. Why would
it be? So, if it's applied at the EU
level, then it's possible to be allowed
in Ireland. So, just some kind of good
news. Better news is that you can
subscribe. Yes, you can. It is uh
helpful. YouTube is on one of their bot
purges. Uh, so I am losing subscribers,
but not on any particular video. I
haven't made anything offensive or
controversial. The numbers is going down
because they're clearing out bots, which
is great, which is great. It'd be nice
if it was actually effective, but the
bot war will not end. You can also
support the channel. Bunch of ways you
can do that. Would be appreciated.
Hey, do you know Volkswagen is working
on a GTI that might actually be fun to
drive? Yeah, this could be an EV.
Isn't that what people have been asking
for like since the beginning? Please
make it. Why not? The first electric hot
hatch, 52 kWh battery. Oo, that's that's
compact. But that means it will be
lighter, sportier, 223 horsepower in a
vehicle that's not too too heavy. Could
be fun. Why not?
Elon has had a chance to tour Intel's
semiconductor fab plant in Hillsbor
ahead of Tesla and SpaceX partnership.
So, I don't know if you know anything
about Intel, but they are headquartered
not far from here, about an hour away
where I am. Uh, so that's uh exciting.
They could uh start making those chips
before too long. This is uh you want to
go in and kick the tires, right? Wed
Bush sends blunt message on Elon and uh
Elon's Tesla and Intel deal. Yeah. The
project contains both a compelling
opportunity and a warning. Investors
should not skip. So uh the gap between
what has been filed and what's actually
been built. Yeah. I don't know if you
know, but when you announce something
that's going to happen in the future and
hasn't happened yet, uh it hasn't
happened yet. I'm not sure how I need to
explain that to people, but Wed Bush uh
is
of all the people to understand that one
in the hand is worth two in the Wed
Bush. For crying out loud, you'd think
it'd be them. So, yeah, they've got uh
this is a foot. There are many risks.
The path is beset with obstacles.
doesn't mean we don't know that.
Tesla robo taxi rival under
investigation after 16 accidents.
Crashes involving AV rides automated
driving system resulted in one minor
injury and property damage. Do you
really have that many cars rolling
around in Texas? Interesting. And with
that many cars out there, is 16 high? Is
it is it low? Doesn't matter. They're
going to investigate it. Dallas and
Austin with Yeah. And they've been
developing it since 2017. Some of the
vehicles are even available on Uber,
which is fine. According to the report,
the automated vehicles involved in the
crashes were operating uh with their
automated system engaged. Nitsa pointed
to alleged ADS failures, which included
changing lanes into the path of other
vehicles, failing to properly respond to
vehicles entering or occupying the lane,
and striking stationary objects
partially obstructed by the lane. And of
course, they do have someone behind the
wheel, but it can still happen. So,
Beach Crow says they had to put Tesla in
the headline. Yes, they did. We wouldn't
have seen it otherwise, would we? Tesla
recalls over 218,000
vehicles in the US fondly. They fondly
recall them. This was a big story this
week. I don't know if you heard. I had
people uh
asking me, "Oh my gosh, the recall over
the air already happened. It was a
backup camera glitch. Come on." Uh if
you haven't heard, this is a good one.
By the way, SpaceX, how do how do you as
is XAI going to make money off data
centers? And the answer is we're gonna
let Claude run on it for money. So,
yeah, this is pretty fun. Anthropic uh
announced we're renting server space
from from XAI. So, that's fun. And by
the way, uh we weren't sure what the
name of the merge company will be. It
looks like it's going to be SpaceX AAI.
I had always joked that it was SpaceX
AIX because it's funny. And some people
thought, well, maybe it'll just be Space
X. And I thought, well, then maybe
they'll just pronounce it space 10 or uh
space variable or space times. Uh but no
uh and then of course I also had said
space sh but uh nobody got that one.
What are you going to do? Rent your
server space to Claude. Do you know that
Tesla investors are getting Optimus for
free at current valuations according to
Piper Sandler. Piper Sandler published
its update saying look all this
valuation we've been giving them we
haven't even been counting Optimus. To
which I say then how did you get to a
trillion? Surely there's a lot of future
growth built in here. Who knows what
these guys are doing? Presumably, uh
making, you know, hundreds of thousands
of dollars per year socializing at the
water cooler. I have no earthly idea.
But yeah, at 400 a share, we think
investors can buy Optimus for free in
terms of valuation. When will we start
counting that valuation? When the
revenue arrives. I've still got some
stories to get through here and we're
running out of time, so I'm going to try
and speed it up. Tesla Semi's official
battery capacity leaked by California
regulators. It hasn't. It's been
published. It's not a leak. You just
published it. Uh 822 kilowatt hours um
for the long range, 548 for the standard
range.
It doesn't matter. We don't care about
the battery size. We care about the
range. In the future, it is possible
that that battery will get smaller and
smaller and uh the range will remain the
same. You notice it also didn't publish
the weight of the battery or the volume
of the battery. It doesn't matter. And
this one, which I'll be covering in
greater depth later in the week, all the
different incentives. There's incentives
in California, in Oregon, in Washington,
upcoming ones in other places as well.
Uh yeah, future programs, New Jersey,
New York, these are all going to be
covered, but it just makes it even more
affordable. And if you're electric semi
is already a 100,000, 200,000 cheaper
than the competition, and you've got
incentives to stack on top of it, whoa,
hold on to your butts. Tesla's now
showing up in some of the company's
various websites in Europe, including
the UK. Only the stand the short range.
Hey,
let's start there in Europe. Maybe that
makes more sense. And uh second to last
one, the penultimate story, the week
solar and wind cheaper uh than other
energy sources. It is uh 70 to 85
megawatt uh dollars per megawatt hour
for new gas. Uh for new coal, gas at
$100 per megawatt hour. Uh wind and
solar 54 to 82. It's already cheaper
unsubsidized. And the last one, Model Y,
manufactured on or after November 12th,
2025. First vehicle to pass the new uh
NCAAP ADAS uh system. Brand new test.
This test never existed before.
Pedestrian automatic emergency braking,
lane keeping assistance, blind spot
warning, and blind spot intervention.
All of these uh Tesla of course passed.
No other automaker as of the last time I
looked it up, which was two days ago,
had passed more than three. Just three.
So Tesla in the lead by at least 33% on
those limited forms of safety. Hey, add
a bunch more. It'll probably come out
with top marks as well. So now is the
part of the show where I answer your
questions. Sometimes not badly. Let's
find out. The start of the show, I had a
good question from someone
Let's see. Let's see.
In 20 years, will SNX be sought after?
Uh,
as some of the other discontinued models
for the year, will these be collector's
items? And, uh, the short answer is, uh,
maybe. It certainly won't be like
Roadster, but I went ahead and asked
Rock about sedans that have gone up in
value over the years, and there are some
there are some vintages of sedans that
have become more valuable over time.
Some people are not even waiting for
that. No lowballers. I know what I got.
$400 million, please. Reasonable.
Totally reasonable.
Okay, more questions. We've got 7
minutes. We can do this. And actually,
if we need to go a little longer, we
can. Ry's in Hawaii, so I don't need to
rush to my next recording. The suspense
is suspenseful. Howdy y'all from sunny
western Oregon. Sunny, finally. Uh,
gonna be a beautiful day up here in the
Pacific Northwest. You are deliberately
setting these up on times when I'm
driving so I can't participate, aren't
you? Yes. Uh, your family wanted me to
intervene. They reached out and said,
"Here's his driving schedule. Please,
please schedule it." Then I had no
choice but to oblige.
Uh, 9:03 is what I said cuz I meant to
schedule it for 9. I scheduled for 9:05.
Let's split the difference. I'm semi
ready. Doing work in the background. Is
he tracking you on YouTube? Yes, I was.
Yes, I was. Uh-huh. I'm never ready.
Fair.
No matter what time uh you do it, it's
going to be it's going to conflict with
somebody's schedule. Oh, yeah. That's
true. What about my April 1st show that
ran for eight hours? Surely you could
have all caught part of it, not the
whole thing. That's ridiculous. I do
know a few people who did catch the
whole thing. I apologize for your long
day. Definitely means progress. Time to
celebrate. Unfortunately, acknowledging
that isn't as funny. Yeah. Brakes are
key to a proper stop. Yeah. If your car
shipped with 10,000 mi of range, if you
could charge it up to 10,000 mi of
range, would your road trip be better or
worse? Because I know a lot of people be
like, "Ah, I can just just a few more
stops. Just a few more stops." I don't
know. I think that uh a break is
helpful. When I travel, I don't look at
the charge rate or the charge speed or
the charge time or the I just go until I
need to stop, plug in somewhere, and
then go to the bathroom, get snacks,
whatever it may be, and when I'm done,
I'm done. I usually have too much stuff
to respond to. So, shirt really makes
you baby blues pop. Oh, it does, doesn't
it? What happened to the stock up $10 a
share? No one knows, man. No one knows.
It just happens.
I did have a guy yesterday saying that
the one delivery that Tesla did
autonomously, I said, "Yeah, when's that
going wider or narrow or more than just
one?" Guy said, "Well, it was just a
stock pump." So, of course, every time
someone says that, I go look at the
value of the stock. It did not pump the
stock. Said, "Buddy, the stock was down
7% over the next three days." He said,
"Well, it was going to be down even
more. It was pumping to hold value. I
go, why? Why? It's like flat earth
nonsense at that point. What's the
motivation? Who wins? Elon's not selling
stock. Where's the motivation to pump
it? It doesn't make sense. The company's
not at risk of a buyout. Words have
meaning. Please don't call something a
pump and dump. If there's never any
dump, there can't the whole thing falls
apart. But he didn't call it that. He
called it a pump. Still doesn't make
sense because it didn't do the trick.
Who would see that and go, "Aha, now the
company is worth more. Another hundred
billion dollar."
Pay attention.
Oh, those evil EV companies are trying
to make range worse. Mhm. People don't
use logic. All true. The BMS debate of
range versus battery longevity is such a
complicated and multiaceted issue. But
Beach Crow really wants to know, can a
can can? We don't know. Can a can can?
We don't know that either. Only if he is
not filled with can't. Oh yeah. Uh yeah,
true. Uh you're happy to live in the
real world. Really? Yes. Yes. As painful
as it can be at times, uh that's what
makes it real, you know. How much can a
can cost? Okay. It depends on the
market. If the can is we're still doing
this, that's fun. Uh-huh. And if you've
got any last minute questions, we got
three minutes left. We can get through
it. Stock doing great. What do you think
the impact of the summits in China with
the US and Russia in the next week will
be? Don't know. Don't know. Um,
we live in unpredictable times. Now, of
course, there are some things that are
very predictable. Once an action is
taken, you can see what's going to
happen, but you don't know which of the
crazy things the people in charge are
going to do. I was sure that Putin would
not invade because it would destroy him,
and it has. That much was predictable.
So
great, you've got a trillion dollars
you've squirreled away and you're hiding
in a bunker. That's genius.
stock doing great. Uh, let's see. I own
a Tesla because of Lars and Fron. Great
engineering. Fron does great designs,
plain and simple. Promised me an
interview. I keep asking. So, they had
to put Tesla in the headline. Yeah.
Yeah. I own a Tesla because of Yep.
Grand engineering. I always pronounce it
space 10. Mhm. Space 10 or space the
10th. Maybe space the 10th. Space X.
Space X. X space AIX for the gamers. Ah,
yes. Hello, Gavin. Size doesn't matter.
Come on now. Easy, Tiger. Uhhuh. Elon
will now have the kill switch to their
claw god. Ah, you weaponize stuff like
that, it shuts the whole business down.
Friend worked at that Intel fab. I don't
have friends at the fab, but I do have
friends at Intel. And uh I won't tell
you who or what they do because
that's how you protect your sources. Why
is Volvo wasting time with the GTI? Uh
you mean Volkswagen? Just go straight to
resolving the UTI, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Why aren't we Why aren't we more
concerned with the UTI? The uh
Volkswagen Cranberry Edition. A ride
accident levels. Interesting. Nitsa SGO
useful, but almost all companies avoid
reporting miles driven to allow
normalization. Unfortunate. Always enjoy
thoughts and humor. Appreciate it.
Flash. When will customer own vehicles
enter the taxi fleet? That is the
trillion dollar question to which I have
no answer. Thumbs up from Spain.
Appreciate it. At some point, CyberCap
will have a step change. Not in April. I
should turn this off. annoys people to
have the double comments. Uh at some
point, uh not in April, not in May.
However, definitely in 2026, no
roadblocks have appeared. Quite the
opposite. Be nice. Good to see you. Uh
and I can unsticky this. That's doesn't
need to be pinned any longer. All right.
And anything else, you guys? It is We
got through it. Subscribing is free
today. That is true. Um, just as a bonus
because you guys are great, I'm gonna go
ahead and give you a additional
subscribe generated image from GRA. So,
that's fun. I thought it'd be fun to
have a variety of these and uh, Grock
didn't charge me extra for it. So, guys,
what did I miss? What did I miss? If
you're catching it on the replay, you
got to let me know. Everybody else, you
know, like, subscribe, do what you do
and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots. Uh
perhaps at the Michigan Summer Meetup in
Moskegan coming up low next month, June
5th and 6th at Heritage Landing Park in
Moskegan. Join us, won't you? Tickets on
sale now. All right, take care, guys.