Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Just Dropped IPO S1. Here's EVERYTHING To Know.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdmbORVnm90
Published:   2026-05-21 14:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone. SpaceX dropped their
S1 filing yesterday. There's a lot
that's now become much clearer. We got
Alexander Mertz, also known as Tesla
Boomer Mama, here with us today and show
walk us through the 12 most important
parts that matter most to Tesla and
potential SpaceX investors. We'll also
be joined by Jeff Watts. He's an
ex-level executive at several Fortune
100 companies. Welcome, Alexandra. How
are you doing?
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. I'm doing well. Well, I'm
on vacation in Italy, hence the setup a
bit different, but I'm glad to be with
you.
&gt;&gt; Well, appreciate you uh taking time off
your vacation. Uh but this is important.
Oh, you you unearthed quite a number of
very important parts uh that matter most
to the investors and this is what
everyone was waiting for. So, really
appreciate you taking that time. This is
the S1 that was dropped yesterday and
it's it's a doozy. It's got lots of
information. Um, but you started off
with 12 posts. I highly recommend people
go to her ex account and look at these
12 because they really are. Uh, we'll
walk you through these ones, but
basically you're saying, is there going
to be a merger with SpaceX? Well, I'm
not sure you know that yet, but you
looked very closely with the certificate
of formation, the bylaws, and you found
some interesting tidbits. Let's walk us
through it, please.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's um let's understand why
it did that. I mean the first thing is
you know I'm couple of hours ahead of
you in the states for these two weeks
and I woke up this morning and saw the
308 pages of the prospectus and I was
like oops here goes my Thursday this is
a long prospectus and um when you go on
the SEC website you also actually have
the one that they confidentially filed
in March and the first update they filed
in May. So before I did anything I
compared those three versions. there
wasn't much discrepancy. There were a
couple of things that were at one point
mentioned that are not anymore. There
obviously updates to uh their economic
data but nothing of significance. So
once I was there um I scrolled through
the 308 pages and I came to the last few
pages where there were extensive links
and I've learned in all of my career
these links are hyper important because
they guide you to other documents and by
giving the link they are considered
filed. So usually you can't find them
anywhere else than going onto those last
pages of these filings where you have
all those links then you click on the
link and then you get to these and so
some of them were prospective meaning
once the IPO is consumed
uh they will become valid. So you had
some really interesting things. The most
important document for any for any um
company is the certificate of formation.
Now obviously SpaceX was incorporated in
2002 in Delaware but that chapter closed
when on the 14th of February 2024 they
incorporated in Texas. So the real
important document is not the 2002 one
and all the story in Delaware. It is
that new fresh start in February 2024.
And um so I went on to the Texas
Secretary of State website. I mean, I've
been all over the place today, but I
wanted to do this, right? um to download
the documents that have been filed with
the Secretary of State of Texas, the
certificate of formation and all
amendments that came from it because I
wanted to see what the basis of SpaceX
was in 2024, whether they already had a
merger in mind, how they prepare that
merger, how that merger would compare to
what they did about the same time for uh
Tesla because obviously Tesla
reinccorporated in 2024. before to Texas
as well a bit later. SpaceX was 14th of
February and Texas was in was in June or
July I don't even remember it was it was
in the summer when just right after the
the shareholder meeting. So anyway, so
um I thought that was very important to
understand whether actually they planted
the seeds then whether there was a
different understanding of how a merger
would work or not and that's how I
started. So you may want to show that um
that Oh, and here we've got Jeff and the
glasses. Jeff.
&gt;&gt; So the first the first interesting thing
that happened in that initial
certificate of formation is that um they
put in that a vote for a merger
will actually need two votes. It needs
two accounts. Let's do it this way. one
quite normal you count all the class A
shares that's peasants like us who have
one voting right per per share and you
vote all the class B shares that's Elon
and a couple others who have 10 voting
rights per share and you see how the
vote falls so that is classic but they
also added that a second condition has
to be fulfilled for a merger to work and
that is that this the class B itself
also has to have a majority by itself
completely ignoring the class A shares.
So why did they do that? Well, they did
that
to protect Elon. Meaning Elon has in the
end a say no matter what happens to
SpaceX, no matter how diluted it gets
because he is he and his successors or
his family or however large you want to
draft it are the owners of that second
condition. And that really makes me that
really makes me understand at one at
what point they secured this merger
situation and prepared it for a
potential merger with Tesla. Let me lay
out the grounds. So class B shares Elon
has both class A shares and class B
shares. For the class B shares he has 10
voting rights. It all comes up in some
that he has currently 85% of voting
rights for SpaceX. SpaceX will organize
a vote if there is a merger. SpaceX will
organize annual shareholder meetings.
But in the end, none of it matters
because Elon while it is like that with
85% is the only determining vote in all
results. Now let's say we do what what I
predict happens but I don't know uh
which is this merger of equals and equal
market caps but it let's just ignore the
market cap for the moment by doing so
you have the Tesla part where Elon has
20.3%
of voting rights and you have the SpaceX
part where Elon has 85 and something
voting rights. So by putting the two
together you have a total of 85 and 20
which is 105 divided by two of 52 and a
half. So he would have of the combined
entity 52.5%
of voting rights. Now 52.5% is still a
majority but it's obviously less of a
huge majority than 85%. Right? And so
why did they put that B clause in there?
Well, because um delusion and other
things could bring with it that the 52%
actually get to 49.9% and then he
doesn't have this superpower anymore.
And in that case, even though he may
lose because everybody else will vote
against I mean obviously it's very
hypothetical but he does have that
only class B shares count second um
second condition that has to be
fulfilled and meaning he will have the
thumb on the on the scale forever
forever and I think the way this is set
up it's so not natural
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; and it so comes to 52.5%
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; that it does feel quite intentional
that the merger might happen because if
they do merge his percentage goes down
and at some point over the future his
percentage could even go further down of
the combined entity and so therefore he
wanted to have that separate thing where
his class B shares can still decide if
there's future mergers future major
decisions great finding that is highly
indicative I think that uh the plan is
to possibly merger
&gt;&gt; maybe
&gt;&gt; I mean it looks very it looks very set
up It looks not like a pure coincidence,
right? And and you will see all along
today I stumbled about this things that
just look intentional.
&gt;&gt; Let's go to the next one. Governance
number two. What did you find here?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's another one. So, um I did
have uh a brief um discussion with
Warren on that who recalled that he's a
lawyer and I'm not. So, please take this
all with a grain of salt. But there is a
clear paragraph where the perspective
says that shareholders have actually not
many rights in terms of doing law cases
against SpaceX. And I can tell you
having gone through Helen back over the
last six years with you all, I'm all
happy about that because I don't want
any activist shareholders doing any um
law cases. But as Warren pointed out, I
just want to be fair.
&gt;&gt; He thinks that this would not withstand
a real tough
&gt;&gt; law that they couldn't protect
themselves. But let's just say what is
in the current perspectives
&gt;&gt; in sorry in the current
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's in the S1, but it's also in
uh the bylaws. it is that the so these
are the bylaws that are amended to
become the new bylaws at the moment of
the IPO. The current bylaws I can't find
because you do not need to file bylaws
with the secretary of state and in
Delaware even less so. But no matter
what they are, we have the ones that
will become effective at the and they
now have three points that are major and
really should deter anybody from wanting
to do a law case on top of obviously
Texas law which says you have to have 3%
of outstanding shares and as you know
they're only putting 4.3% out. So nobody
is going to grab 3% in the next couple
of days. That's for sure. But anyway, so
the first point is you have to do
private arbitration first in Houston.
Believe me, lots of people will stop
right there. The next one is that
shareholders, all shareholders
irrevocably, look at that word, wave
jury trials and there is an explicit ban
on any class actions and collective
lawsuits. So meaning they can't team up
to get to those 3%. So actually all they
have to manage are very few because sure
the vanguards and the black rocks will
still have a large part their part will
if there is a merger come down as well
right that that's obviously the effect
of the of the merger but they will not
allow that you clump together to do a
collective lawsuit. So um suing the
company the directors or the officers
becomes a really really really high high
uphill battle.
Okay, it's a big one. Okay, but it may
not last, may not may not go.
&gt;&gt; So this is in the to come by laws which
are already linked in the current S1.
Then the next one. So, I had the
certificate of formation that they now
have, the last amendment, and then I
went back to the Secretary of State of
Texas to obtain everything that has been
filed since February 2024. And how did
that change? Okay, so these are now two
years. My goal with that was trying to
pinpoint
when did they really prepare for this
IPO and when did any merger language
change and you'll see not everything
becomes clear but that was why I went
into um why I went into this rabbit
hole. So the first one was the initial
one, February 14th, 2024. That was done
mainly because now they're moving from
Delaware to incorporate in Texas and um
they said nothing about shares or
voting. This was just the legal move to
Texas and it had the first Texas
certificate of formation. So it's nice,
it's good information, but you don't
have the feeling anything is happening
yet. Then the first amendment they
increased the number of authorized class
B shares from 1 billion to 1.2 billion.
These are Elons. Okay. So more super
voting shares. Keep on going.
Then the third one this is now this
here. So not much happened in between.
So now they added a brand new class
class D common stock which I have the
feeling must have been for employees. Uh
I have the feeling that they tried to
set up a certain class um of this low
par value share class. So um first time
clause D appeared. That's then a couple
of months and could very well be for the
preparation of the IPO because now we're
getting really close. This is just two
months ago and then the last two were
done. Keep on going. Was it one or two
more? Okay. No. So there are two on this
on the May 4th. The first one um had
a possibility that those that had
preferred stock because there were so
many different little small classes of
shares
that they regrouped them and said if
those preferred holders want to they can
sell if there is an IPO. Um but if there
is no IPO they would could convert back
to preferred. So, you have the feeling
that, you know, there were people coming
to Elon and his team saying, you know
what, I want to be out. I don't want to
have these lockup periods. We're getting
to those in a moment. How could it be?
So, they set up a certificate of
amendment for these people. They did a
filing in the morning of May the 4th,
and then they did one, you'll see the
next one in the evening of the same day
where they did this famous stock split.
So now the classes A, B and C were split
5 to one and uh um that actually meant
the class C was closed. And what they
also did I thought that was very cute
there is a DBA filing you know when you
do business as a fixes business name and
their fixes business name is Adustra
which I thought was very cute. So uh
that is that. So those filings they
didn't give me a huge clue but I thought
it was important that we had all
elements and and now they're all listed
there.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So this is one of them. It's just uh
this is the first one.
Now, um,
now this was one because I heard people
say the last couple of days, especially
when the Financial Times came out, that,
"Oh my god, Elon has 85%
of voting powers." Now, these are people
or among these are people who are early
investors into SpaceX. And then I was
really surprised how could these people
have invested in the last couple of
years in SpaceX and not know about this
because this 85%
voting rights actually this 10
votes sorry 10 votes for one share class
B exists at least since February 2024. I
have the proof for that. I just showed
it but it probably existed already in
the 22 years in Delaware. It's just that
we can't access those documents anymore.
So um
don't get confused by people screaming
especially when they were early
investors they should have known about
that and if they didn't read those
documents well first enough it's it's a
mistake that's why it's initially sold
to accredited investors who supposed to
know what they they're doing but the the
second point is also
you know this is a founder
company where the founder always had the
predominant role
And it will not change. It is not set up
at the IPO to now suddenly have super
voting rights. He had them all the time.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And many companies, right, Jeeoff, have
this Google.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm getting into
not the only one. I was just going to
ask back on the kind of putting a couple
of pieces together and the the share
count and or the percent ownership. Did
any of it lead you to Alexandro uh any
hints on timing of a potential merger?
&gt;&gt; Not the share count.
Not the share count. I will get later on
to the index inclusions.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What I think there could be a clue. But
again, I'm in the dark of
&gt;&gt; course
&gt;&gt; fishing for fishing for clues. Not not
knowing much. But
it starts to point in the right
direction.
&gt;&gt; Keep on going.
&gt;&gt; So then um I was asking myself
who are the board members and how did
they organize the board? Remember in
with Tesla we have nine board members.
We have different committees. Certain
are um you know principles of the
committees and others are whatever. So
SpaceX we have no idea until now. um
their role is the same as any board.
Strategic oversight, risk management and
compliance, corporate governance and
executive accountability. So those are
the general rules of any boards and I
think it is particularly important to
have a board where we feel
they do have some oversight over Elon. I
mean I am all for of him you for him
having all these voting rights and
having um you know leading a company
that he founded and and that he he wants
to bring to Mars and and beyond. But I
also want a little bit of accountability
and since we shareholders can't do it I
want to make sure I know who the board
members are and what they bring to the
table. Now, the way this is set up is
they don't need to all be independent,
and we'll get to that in a moment. So,
in February 2024, SpaceX had six members
on the board, and they added in
February, which for me is clear, in
February, it was clear they would IPO
and everything that's been done since
beginning of this year was putting these
things in place. um Ira Aaron Price who
we all know well because he is a member
Herbert we spoke to him extensively
after the the shareholder meeting in in
November um so he is the one that is on
both boards and Randy Glime um so I
published a short summary on all of them
we don't need to go through this now
it's also obviously in the S1 filing I
try to always link in all these articles
you know so that you do your own
research and find where this is all
coming
But um what is important is we now have
a board of eight and they want they are
in the process of recruiting a ninth
member. So it's going to be the same
size of a board than Tesla and they have
a year to fill that position of number
nine and the only one overlapping other
than Elon is IRA.
&gt;&gt; Is that a clue that they would do this
or is that the opposite? Wouldn't you
want SpaceX and Tesla to have totally
separate boards? But why would you have
one person who is and Elon of course on
both boards?
&gt;&gt; Well, Ira has a very particular role in
Tesla which is the compensation plan. I
mean he has multiple roles but his key
role historically and present is to
draft compensation plans. Um so I do
believe that was in February. We then
heard beginning of made a compensation
plan for SpaceX that may be linked,
right? I think Ira understands from
having met him understands how Elon
functions, how ambitious he is, how
crazy the milestones in these
compensation plans can be and I have the
feeling there is that aspect to it. Now
it also would very clearly um allow to
have a first interaction between the
two. But then remember other than Ira
and Elon the other seven six to seven um
are not overlapping and I don't know to
what to what extent the
Tesla board is compatible with the
SpaceX board. Maybe they will just
double it if ever it comes to a merger.
I have no idea. But I thought it was an
interesting point to look at.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Very interesting. Wow. you
we're learning so much here that uh
everyone else who went through the
filing did not find this info. You you
did a great job. Thank you. Okay, then
you got the so much into into
governance. Yeah. So this is this is on
my feed obviously Gwen Shotwell also is
on the board.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and then you have a lot of the early
investors.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Steve Jervson, Antonio Garcia. And by
the way, I think it comes in the next
slide. Antonia Garcius because of his
role
&gt;&gt; in Valor is the only
is the only director board member who is
not considered independent other thanw
which obviously is an employee and Elon
himself. All the other five are
considered independent.
&gt;&gt; Independent
&gt;&gt; and uh and Antonio is not.
&gt;&gt; He has a lot of shares though. He owns
so much money at this point. He's the
second after Elon. He's number two
apparently. I found that out. My god.
&gt;&gt; I thought he was just like the
secondhand guy. But actually,
&gt;&gt; Jeff, remember he had a role in Dodge as
well, right? He was at one point.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, he had a role early in Tesla
too in um in helping out. I I I believe
that those shares are not all his.
They're valor
&gt;&gt; valor partners and there's LPs that are
associated
&gt;&gt; with that. But I mean he I'm sure he has
a a sizable chunk of shares.
&gt;&gt; I think you're right, Jeeoff. Good, good
point there.
Okay, good.
&gt;&gt; So what they did so far, if I recall it
right, Tesla has four committees. They
set into place at the moment two an
audit committee where this third sorry
this ninth board member is going to be
the third member of that committee. You
see that one additional member to be
named within a one-year period. Um so at
the moment it's Randy Glin and Steve
Germanson.
um these the audit committee which is
auditing which is you know it is
important um is
can't be Elon of course can't be Gwyn
can't be Antonio so here are the two
soon three and then the second one they
set up is the compensation and
nominating committee and there didn't I
just tell you the chair is Ira got
&gt;&gt; so there you have Ira then you have
Antonio non independent and then you
have no so
&gt;&gt; it it sounds again another clue I think
if Ira was the one who created the uh
com performance award for Elon and Tesla
now he's going to obviously if there is
a merger he would then spearhead another
performance award for the combined
entity it makes
&gt;&gt; more little sense maybe that's what it
is okay
&gt;&gt; exactly another breadcrumb who knows
&gt;&gt; so uh here I go into the role of Antonio
and why he's not considered independent.
We just discussed that. Uh and they
they're very transparent. But the whole
prospectus is about telling you what
risks you have and what you're getting
into because you're los I mean you don't
have as much shareholder rights as a
SpaceX shareholder than you have
currently Tesla and that you may have in
other companies. So they're very
transparent. That's the deal. Take it or
leave it.
&gt;&gt; First of all, I want to mention this is
we're now in governance. you breadcrumb
number seven that you discovered, but
breadcrumb 12, that's the one I think
everybody wants to wait for. That's the
most important one. It's a lot of info.
So, if you're a new audience, member,
just wait till number 12. That's what
matters most for investors timing wise
and what's about to happen,
but you're telling a story. That's why
it's important to go through this.
&gt;&gt; I'm trying to tell the story. The story
of how my day evolved.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. So by having Elon having
more than 50% of voting rights, we're
talking about a controlled company. So a
controlled company and under NASDAQ
rules and also NASDAQ Tesla rules is a
company that has a single person or a
single group or a single company having
more than 50% of voting power. Elon has
85. And if my merger happens the way I
want it, he would still have more than
50% at least at the beginning. Okay. So,
with the 85.1% it's clearly at the
moment a controlled company. That's what
you're getting. You don't want that.
Don't buy it. If you buy it, that's what
you're in.
Now, I did then some research. I think
that was in the next one. Well, it, you
know, it shows what it what control
means. It means that you do not need a
majority of independent directors. Well,
they do have one. They have five
independent directors and three that are
not independent. So they do have one but
it is not the requirement for a
controlled company. The compensation and
nominating committee does not need to
have only independent director. That's
the case. Antonio is not and it does not
need a full independent nominating
governance committee. So
there are other committees that I think
will come and will be put in place
especially since we have them in Tesla
but there is no obligation to do so.
because it's a controlled company and it
says to everybody this is a controlled
company. Do you want that? That's your
&gt;&gt; and it's and it's very common because
many others founder controlled tech
companies people don't even talk about
it but Meta Alphabet
&gt;&gt; um I don't know you probably have a
whole list. It's common.
&gt;&gt; It is. So, um, I was looking when did
this controlled company vocabulary turn
up because I thought that may be a clue
when did they start using
um that term for me to understand when
did the IPO idea come up and why IPO in
the first place? I mean, we know it is
to get money, but then on the other
hand, for them to get $75 billion off
fresh cash could have been done in so
many other more easy ways. Okay? Because
I mean, IPO is the last thing you need
on your head. But um um in in none of
the 2024 or early 2026
filings
did we have this controlled company
name. So, I really do believe something
happened in January, February.
So there we are. Keep on going.
&gt;&gt; So that's the the exactly the language
controlled company. I mean you cannot
ignore that you're buying shares of a
controlled company if you buy these
shares because
&gt;&gt; can't be suited for it in the future
because it's clearly laid out
&gt;&gt; for control. That's it. The word is
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And so then the question
&gt;&gt; there you are. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. What are other controlled
companies? And so there are two notions
to it. what is really control and then
who has double share classes and if you
can make this a little bit bigger so
here um I don't know whether you can do
that because it's so such a yeah so meta
um Mark Zuckerberg has between 57 and
60% he they introduced it at the IPO
that is the problem Tesla had Tesla when
they IPOed in 2010 they didn't do it
that was a mistake that would have
solved many of our issues at at the root
but there we are alphabet Larry and
Serge have together between 51 and 53%
same. They did it in 2004 at the IPO. SP
SpaceX is doing it at the IPO. Uh then
there's Snap where Spiegel and Murphy I
if you got a little bit down I don't
remember. I think it's 60 or something.
Yeah, 60% voting rights. Same at the
IPO. And then we have smaller companies.
I'll get to those in a second. But Door
Dash, Roblox, Berkshire Heatherway, News
Corp, they all have um this
um controlled company status. So it's
not that there are thousands, but there
are some big ones out there.
And then the question was that's my next
my next post. Okay, so we know there are
some controls out there, but who has
double
share classes? So I asked rock to help
me to find the top 15 public companies
with dual or multiclasses. Sorry, this
is small again. And then list them by
percentage of voting power. SpaceX will
be the top one with 85%. There is no
doubt about it. Why did they go so high?
Well, because I believe 85%.
&gt;&gt; Do you think Elon had thought about this
decade ago? because you want to have
such a high uh voting power so that in
case in the future I do merge all my
companies I still have a significant
share uh voting power
&gt;&gt; and that's why he bought I I didn't even
go into that rabbit hole yet but I saw
it and they and as one that's why he
bought so many of the employee whenever
they were they were
&gt;&gt; secondary shares just the last
he bought them all
&gt;&gt; he was the one buying
&gt;&gt; because he why would he do that if you
already have 85% you don't care but
you're going to merge and you're going
to go when after the merger you're going
to be close to 50%. I better get a
couple percentage just in case.
&gt;&gt; That is exactly it. And and that's why I
did this table because you will see most
of them I mean Zuckerberg is a little
bit higher. Most of them are in this 50
to 55% bucket. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; So, but you can go through
thought you'd like it. I thought you'd
like it. I mean, I guess the point is,
listen, if you're a founder, you create
a massive company, you want this because
guess what happens? Almost 90% of the
time, the board eventually gets rid of
you as the founder CEO and they replace
you with somebody else and um that's it.
That's what happens. So, you don't and
or you need to raise money and the VCs
take control and that private equity,
gosh, they're crazy. They'll do whatever
stupid thing. And I mean those of us
who've been around for a long time,
you know, how many things as a Tesla
shareholder did we have to fight? Short
sellers, media, people setting
dealerships on fire, politics, I mean so
much that I think at one moment you just
tell yourself enough. If I have the
possibility to set it up and can control
it, that's going to be it. Okay. Um then
I came across something that I just
wanted to highlight because I had heard
people say oh but there is an IRA. Now
this is not the sort of IRA we all know.
This is what is called an amended and
restated investor's rights agreement. An
investor's rights agreement is the
biggest early investors have preferred
stock or specific uh specific conditions
that allow them to have you know early
lock up dates or whatever. So they did a
link to that and I went into it um and
then and then I looked through it. The
the point is actually there is none. You
see it went up to a series N. I mean it
was crazy stuff that happened up to
August 2020 but then the it now is all
consolidated. Now go on the next on the
next chart. Um so the specific rights
were at the time registration rights,
information rights, right of first
offers, preemptive rights and so on and
so on. Again on those that wanted to
sell, Elon bought them up. So they
didn't most of them didn't even hit the
market and then keep on going.
Um it exists because that was the
request of early investors of certain
big um early investors. But to sum it
all up, they do not have
easier
lock up, get out ways than anybody else.
So there's nothing that has to can be
feared from that side. That's just what
what I want to throw out there. You can
see it on the next slide. Um because I
wanted to make sure when I get to the
lockup periods, there is it. Okay. So
there's just, you know, nothing nothing
important. Keep on going. So the only
one is uh is Elon, right?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And Elon already stated he's
not selling. Remember?
&gt;&gt; And he's already stated he's not
selling. Now, you know, if you believe
that, but if he if he says he's not
going to sell, that means that everyone
else who's not Elon Musk, they have the
same kind of like ability to sell or not
sell as everyone else. There's no
preferred rights that they might have
like
&gt;&gt; there's nobody who can bring another
card. And then and then to Elon to Elon
to make this very clear, Elon himself
has a 366 day blockage where he cannot
touch it. That is in
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that so so you can believe it
that he's not going to sell because he
cannot sell.
&gt;&gt; Okay. That that's in the bylaws. That's
a fact. He cannot sell for 366 days
after the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; He's not part of the His
&gt;&gt; His lockup is worse than everyone else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. Well, let's
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We're getting there. We're
getting there. We're I'm building this
up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Get to the good stuff. Get to the good
stuff. I'm just kidding. You got lots of
good stuff already. Okay. Keep going.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, this one is gone. We talked
about that. There's nothing special in
those IRA. So, that's it. Blah blah
blah. That's it. You can you can go
through that. Okay. Um, so that's what
that is all about. Now, number 11.
Finally, talking about lockup periods
for early investors. You remember I've
been talking about that for a couple of
weeks already because I want to know
when they can get out. Okay? When the
early investors can get out. We had a
lot of different
people and thesis about this. Some said,
"Oh, 15 days." Some said the funds can
get out earlier or no, the funds can get
out later. There is nothing of that.
It's the same rules. Let's go through
them.
So you have the 180 days for all
directors and executive officers. So
people that are with the company working
and whatever else 180 days. Okay. Elon
comes in a second. Keep on going.
&gt;&gt; So 180 days is six months.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For the company and the directors
and
&gt;&gt; calculating my head. Six months. Okay.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's fair. That's normal.
&gt;&gt; That's normal.
&gt;&gt; Normal. Then 36066 days Elon.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So here we have it now. Um so it's
360 days after the date of the
prospectus or after the IPO that you
know there's some contradictions in it
but I think it's after the IPO but
anyway it's next year June or July for
sure there is no you know nothing he can
gets over it. And in that
bracket of 366 they did a subsection for
everybody else but not Elon. Okay. And
so the subsection these are the arc
invests and these are the valors or
whatever of this mod who of this world
who may want to sell. Now let me also
quote
I'm trying uh what Kathy Wood said
publicly in an interview a couple of
days ago. She said they want to sell a
part of it. They are in the business of
profit taking and the profit for them
will be so enormous
that they cannot
resist the urge to sell some of it. So
when can ARC and all these other people
start selling? Please go to the next
slide.
So they have a couple of windows. They
have a couple of windows which start in
the second half of July. by the second
half of July because the first window
where they can sell and this is closely
monitored by some of the lead banks uh
underwriting this IPO. Um so they can
sell up to 20% of what they're holding
and even 10% more meaning could be 30%
if by then we are 30% above the IPO
price. Okay, so that is the first window
after the earnings release of Q2. So if
we're going with Tesla dates, it's
always around the 20th 25th in that
window when when they do earnings calls.
So when that earnings call in July is
done, they can put on the market 20
maybe even 30% if the if the stock price
is then 30% higher than the IPO price.
Okay, that will be a huge flush of
liquidity. That's the first big flush.
Then three weeks later, three, four
weeks later, August 21st, that is the 70
days mark, they're allowed to sell 7%.
You'll see those 7% come again. They
come three weeks later on September
10th. They come two weeks later on
September 25th, and they come again
three weeks or four weeks later, I think
it is. Um Oh, no, it's three weeks. uh
at that moment then one quarter later
now the Q3 earnings um release they can
sell another 28%.
Okay. So by now I mean if somebody wants
to push this all to its very end by now
they are nearly at 75 80% what they
could have sold and then um in October
they can have another 7% and all the
rest in December on December 9th. Okay.
So somebody who would want to sell
everything could do so between end of
July and beginning of December in these
in these intervals. Okay, they're not
obligated. They can keep it all, but if
they want to sell, this is how it has to
be structured. So
&gt;&gt; we actually know the same.
&gt;&gt; What about regular employees?
&gt;&gt; They all have to go like that. If
they're executives, they have to hold
them 180 days.
&gt;&gt; What else are executives? What about
regular employees? This is the This is
the only schedule there is.
This is the only schedule there is. I
mean, I can't I didn't find any, you
know, class C share special schedule.
This is what And this is the big chunk,
right? I mean, if they're employees,
this is not going to matter. This is
where the big money is. And I mean if I
would be and you know I'm not but if I
would be an option trader I would write
these dates down because those are dates
where big chunks of liquidity can enter
the market.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Oh. So, first of all, can you
explain a little bit? Um, Alexandro,
I've heard that SpaceX has what they say
small float, very limited small float.
And now with Elon having a 366 day lock
up, he can't sell in anymore. And it
already has a small float goes public.
And then then they've staggered the
early investors when they can sell this
way from July to December. It's going to
stay a small float. And then you're
going to explain that indexes are going
to start buying earlier than this. Let's
get there. But but I'm just trying to
figure out, you know what I mean? Like
it sounds like that the stock can is
less likely to fall. It's more likely to
keep going up despite the staggered
selling of the previous uh owners of the
stock. And let me tell you, as a Tesla
investor, I want it to go up because my
theory is the higher that market cap,
the more they will make sure in a merger
of equals that Tesla will reach the same
market cap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but let's keep
&gt;&gt; Let's keep going. Here's the good part.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, um, gifts to family, transfers
to dress, blah blah, all that is
possible. Goldman Sachs in charge of it.
Most of it is standard protective but
the way they staggered it that's exactly
the word Harvard you you got it got to
me is is
intentional now what does it mean
intentional right obviously they had the
events of the Q2 and the Q3 earnings
they wanted to address they seem to be
very confident in those earnings calls
and then they have these 70 days 105
days whatever ladder. Okay. So, keep on
going.
So, now comes the final for today. Now,
let me also please first say this is not
exhaustive yet on on governance.
Tomorrow is my birthday. I may not work,
but I may next week continue with post
number 13, 14, 15. There are a couple of
other subjects I just didn't even have
the time to get into yet. And there is
so much information. Again, I don't only
have the 308 pages. I have all these
links with all these documents behind
it. And sometimes you get to something
and sometimes you do not. So, but as of
tonight, I thought coming to this point,
I thought this is what's really the most
important for us Tesla investors and
potential SpaceX investors. So um
I tried now to combine all these
breadcrumbs,
the lockup periods and what I know about
index funds and how the inclusion into
the NASDAQ 100, the Footsie, all these
Vanguard indices and later on the S&amp;P
fit that same schedule, right? How we
can get
this all to fit together. And obviously
all of those that were here in 2020 for
Tesla know what it means when an index
inclusion is so predictable. So
I recalled in
post number 12 those dates that we just
discussed, right? These are
&gt;&gt; this is people selling it, the
shareholders able to sell. Now you're
going to go and say when are the index
funds because once you're including
index funds, they're going to have to
buy. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; You want to kind of like match it
together as much as possible.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And another thing I just want
to add here before we go there is
Grock got this completely wrong. So
while I encourage everybody to, you
know, to ask all these questions to to
Grock and whatever on this particular
topic, I know quite a lot and I realized
how wrong he was. I mean, we worked it
out in the end. I was screaming a lot,
but just be careful when you throw this
information into Grock. They just don't
have enough information around to to
make an educated guess on this.
&gt;&gt; So here we come to the IPO still rumored
to be at 1.7 trillion market cap for the
whole company and that they released 75
billion. And while 75 billion is a huge
amount, more than double what the the
the former IPOs were were doing,
&gt;&gt; it's only 4.3% of the 1.75 trillion.
Okay. So the float, that's what they
call a float, public float, is extremely
limited with 4.3%.
And then we have
&gt;&gt; Well, I I've heard rumors that it's 2.2
trillion. Where'd you get the 1.7?
&gt;&gt; But it's even less. But it's even Well,
1.75 is the number that I feel has been
longer in circulation than the 2.25.
&gt;&gt; Okay. cuz the these are all rumors, but
it's based on
&gt;&gt; Well, I was going to say it's secondary
sales, but I think that those
I
&gt;&gt; push it at the moment a lot. I I'm a
little bit I I felt most comfortable
with these numbers because they're sort
of longer in the in the pipeline. Now,
uh
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; there we are. So, 4.3% if it's these
numbers. Now, let's say the 75 billion
remain, but it's 2.25 trillion. Well,
then it's even less than 4.3, but let's
just stick to the 4.3. Now, what happens
in the first 15 trading dates? 15
trading dates means
&gt;&gt; it goes public on June 12th and then 15
trading days, which is three weeks.
Actually, there is a bank day in the
middle, the 4th of July, I think. So by
July 6th and 7th
we will be at the point that the NASDAQ
100 new rules apply at one specific date
6th 7th and in those 15 days already the
Footsie Russell and the CS CRSP have
included those are the Footsie Russell
is this Londonbased
financial times index uh they have their
own rules can be very quick after the
IPO and CRSP as well all of them are
float adjusted. Meaning if the float is
4.3 they are not going to go with the
whole weight in it because they know
there is not they have to purchase all
around 10 billion um actually a little
bit more but it doesn't matter but they
cannot do all that with a float of only
4.3
and since we have just learned is the
first window where the float is going to
be bigger is going to be end of July
remember after the Q2 earnings right
&gt;&gt; so this is going to be too dry there is
not going to be enough float. So they
will
&gt;&gt; which means price is going to go up but
they have to buy when when they're
included but they will exhaust
the volume they can buy because the
float is too little stock will go up.
&gt;&gt; So and what happens in that moment when
the float is too little is they will
purchase later and they have keep on
going on to the next slide. They have
windows where they do what is called
quarterly rebalancing where they
readjust the new float. So now end of
July they will understand who sold and
how much is now suddenly did we go from
4.3 to I don't know 6% 7% whatever and
then they rebalance in September. So
there will be dates where these three
index groups NASDAQ footsy and CRPS or
whatever it's called um will readjust in
September and buy again. So we have to
keep an eye on it in September again and
then and by then you obviously had
different windows. Remember I I listed
all the windows there was July and then
there was August. So that there are more
windows where float can come
and they may readjust again. And then
the big one I'm sorry this is so
complicated um is the S&amp;P. So this one
I'll get to the amounts later. Let's
just say the first three are three times
10 billion. It's a bit more but for for
the sake of it SNP is like always much
bigger. Now SNP is currently doing a
consultation and in a week Friday next
week we will know if they approve that
and if they approve that on June 8th
surprise surprise 4 days before the IPO
they may have new ro rules and if those
new rules
get adopted which we will know next
Friday then instead of an S&amp;P inclusion
after 12 months of after IPO it's after
six months. So now we're middle of of of
December. They do not have a minimum 10%
public float requirement anymore and you
don't need to be profitable. Remember
2020 where we all thought the S&amp;P
inclusion of Tesla would be uh whatever
date and they were oh it's not
profitable enough enough whatever that
would be completely waved. So that
&gt;&gt; for because it's a mega cap. It's a mega
cap. They have different
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And they're doing that
obviously also in anticipation of um
anthropic and uh and open AI and all
that because they're not going to be
profitable either, right? So um so we we
and I do believe this will this will go
through next week, but we'll obviously
have to see. So if this is the case, we
will have had multiple events between
June and September where index funds
have to purchase a relatively
tight float. the float will increase
increase. remember by December we should
have much more on it and then the S&amp;P
inclusion will happen and now you get to
my table I hope is my table the next one
not yet keep on going but that just
reminds of of all that so the SNP
purchasing
if the float first line is 5% of course
it will not be they will purchase about
19 billion if the float is 10% % they
will purchase 39 billion. Remember when
the S&amp;P does it it's happening in one
go. If the float is 20% which I think is
probably the most realistic they will
purchase 77 billion
if they are around. Right? Remember we
are just doing 75 billion now on the
12th of uh of um
June. I don't think the float will be at
40 or 50% but anyway I put those numbers
up there. So here we are. What it mean?
What does it mean if they buy 77
billion? How how big a deal is it?
&gt;&gt; This is going to be the tightest
the tightest S&amp;P inclusion ever. Now,
there is a scenario B.
&gt;&gt; But wait, wait. If the company's worth
$2 trillion and it's 77 billion bought,
is that is that a significant?
&gt;&gt; There is enough float out there, but it
let's say 30% retail doesn't sell,
&gt;&gt; right? It is a float, but you don't
sell.
&gt;&gt; So stock might keep going up until until
you convince people to sell it. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm so sorry all these numbers, right?
But there we are. So there's a second
scenario. The second scenario is that my
merger of equals happens. If the mergers
of equals happens, well at one point the
SNP
will replace Tesla by SpaceX. So instead
of doing an inclusion, they actually put
it on the Tesla ticker. The Tesla ticker
will disappear. will be replaced, but
it's the same amounts that have to be
purchased.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; so what do you guys think based on this
analysis? What's going to happen to the
SpaceX stock? They go IPO June 12th,
nothing can happen for a week and then
people can start selling, but then
they're going to be included into index
funds exactly within that first 15 days
into three smaller index funds. Then the
big index fund doesn't happen till
December, but in between that you're
just slowly staggered allowing some of
the older shareholders to sell. And of
course, the the new the new shareholders
can sell, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but with with knowing that NASDAQ is
going to come December,
&gt;&gt; it's not like you're going to have a
bunch of people going to go, uh, you
know, stock went up too high. Now I'm
going to sell until it goes down to 50%
down. And then it's going to be like,
whoa, in December there's going to be a
huge buyer. I better just hold on. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is what I will do. People
ask me all the time whether I can give
financial advice. I cannot. I can just
tell you what I can I will do. I will
actually not purchase SpaceX. I will
continue sitting on my Tesla and sit it
all out. And do believe that is for me
the most taxefficient and actually the
better strategy. We'll see whether I'm
right in the end. It's a it's a bet
because there none of these nothing is
guaranteed. neither on the SpaceX side
nor on the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for transparency, the three of us
do not own SpaceX as far as I am aware
and uh we all own Tesla stock and you're
going to just hold on to your Tesla
stock because you based on what you've
discovered, you feel strongly that
there's a really high chance that they
will do a merger and if they do, Tesla
stock should go up lock step with SpaceX
anyways and you'll just
&gt;&gt; from the moment of announcement. Yeah.
And I want to make that clear once more.
I said I said it before for a merger
there will be two
three important moments. The first one
most important the announcement right
where they announce SpaceX and would
like to do a merger of equals with
Tesla. Um and they will say will it be
at the same market caps or whatever you
know that's where we will have some
indication of the conditions. Wait,
wait. Can you confirm that? Because I've
heard others say that when they make the
announcement, they do not have to say
what the actual terms of conditions are
yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, they have to give some indication
because then the special committee at
Tesla has to evaluate them.
&gt;&gt; So, you do think that they will say
we're going to buy Tesla at this price.
They will say that
&gt;&gt; it may not be at this price, but at this
condition because like I said, for me,
it's not a matter of price. It's at
equal market caps. Okay. And the market
cap can obviously vary and there could
be a date or there could be I mean there
are thousands of scenarios but in my
scenario is that at the moment it would
be at the same market cap and then what
would happen is that from that moment on
they would trade at the same market cap.
So
&gt;&gt; Teslas will rise until it's equal to
whatever SpaceX is. When do you think,
Alexandra? What's your best guess of
when they would make this announcement?
&gt;&gt; I would hope before the Q2 earnings call
of SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Why? Why then?
&gt;&gt; Well, because
it would be the fairest to all these
early investors that they are aware of
this before they start selling the
stock. And obviously the earlier it is
for us the quicker Tesla would be in
lock step with SpaceX and have all these
index inclusions and all these uh these
movements with it.
&gt;&gt; So that would be before December.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. So that all of this happens
between July and December together. But
that is, you know, me putting the finger
in the wind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're just guessing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's um
a lot of
guessing
and um what would h So first important
step announcement second important day
Tesla shareholder vote SpaceX
shareholder vote excuse me wait for Elon
to fill out his little bulletin and
that's that right everybody else doesn't
have much to say anymore especially in
before in pre merger times because
there's just so much concentration
traded power on on Elon and then uh so
first announcement second Tesla
shareholder votes which I still think is
going to be an uphill battle because we
need 50% of outstanding
shares that there's a whole show to be
made about how many outstanding shares
there are. Let's just for the moment
settle on 3.75 billion shares and then
the
most the the most important or
consequential day is when the merger is
actually consumed and when in my
scenario SpaceX becomes the dominant
company in this merger of acquisitions
or the SpaceX
governance structure becomes the the
dominant structure
&gt;&gt; and that's likely next year.
&gt;&gt; So for people
&gt;&gt; think that would happen. I mean there
are people saying this could happen
still end of this year
probably Q1 would be already ambitious
and most likely Q2 next year
&gt;&gt; and the the people who are Tesla
investors going I don't want to sell I
don't want to merge because of the uh
you know we're just about to go robo
taxi just wait maybe Tesla stock will
skyrocket and then you're going to go
okay you know
&gt;&gt; let's say we're currently I don't even
know where 420 so we're at currently at
420 20 if my scenario comes to fruition
and again I know nothing but if that
comes we could be at 650 in a couple of
days right if we're at 650 do you want
to vote no and risk that we're down at
300 is is you see I think at that very
moment
&gt;&gt; purely
&gt;&gt; exactly let's look at the conditions
let's look at the situation and then you
vote but please
&gt;&gt; anybody who wants to vote yes or no make
sure you can vote it's really really
important I know I say that every year
but this year and This may actually be
the last one that's really important
because once we're merged, then Elon can
vote and I can actually go in
retirement.
&gt;&gt; You there's no more governance work for
you. You're done.
&gt;&gt; That would be wonderful. That would be
the job I give up quickest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I would encourage people to do the
same. Just wait
until there's an announcement and an an
understanding. I mean, you could
scenario plan until you're blue in the
face, and that's fine. Uh but ju just
you know read read comprehend understand
and if you don't like it you don't have
to vote for it. Um,
but there's I just there's this cadre of
people that just want to continue to
like I don't know group people and do
all these just quiet just read
understand take a deep breath we'll make
a decision you're not going to in your
post on ax is not going to oh you know
is not going to influence the direction
of of this merger uh It's
but again it's okay. I mean it's it's a
free world too. You can say whatever you
want. It's a it's free speech. It's
fine. But I just I just saw a lot of
posting about oh you're for it and
you're doing this and you're doing that.
It's just like
&gt;&gt; I actually don't know what I I haven't
read it. I may not be for it at all. If
it sucks I won't be for it.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; I think just that's the approach of it.
And I appreciate Alexandra on your
vacation the day before your birthday
going through, you know, the the whole
perspectus and going through these
detailed points on on the SpaceX IPO and
and look hunting for these nuggets and
it's it's it's fascinating.
&gt;&gt; It could be breadcrumbs that there is a
merger. Uh just I want to for folks who
who are interested in investing in
SpaceX when it does IPO, here's what
we've learned that there's five leading
underwriters. Goldman Sachs, Morgan
Stanley, Bank of America, City Group,
and JP Morgan. But look, they've also
indicated all these others are also
involved in underwriting. Look at that.
So, it's like a whole group of them.
Retail named is Charles Schwab,
Fidelity, Robin Hood, Sofi, and Erade by
Morgan Stanley. So, if you want to buy
uh IPO shares, I think you're supposed
to call these retail guys and say, "Hey,
I want you to allocate some for me." I
don't know. Do you have to do that or
not? But apparently that is what some
people are saying you're supposed to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so we have first um account
holders of Schwab and Fidelity who have
reached out to them and who have
information. So I repost those. If you
go on my X feed, you should see those.
They're sometimes updated because you
know some information becomes clearer
once um you know two or three people
have called them. Uh I think Robin who
doesn't have the information out yet but
you can sign up for IPO information and
then you will get it. It's all going to
become much clearer in the next couple
of days and then there is a very short
window beginning of June where you have
to act where the money has to be there
where you have to declare I think on the
fourth the money has to be there on the
10th you have to tell them how much you
finally want. Some of them have very
stringent conditions like you need to
have at least half a million with them
or you need to have 100,000 with them in
different account whatever.
Every account is different. Don't
bombard me. All I can do is repost. Uh
I'm not purchasing any as I' I've told
you. If that would change, I will let
you know. But at the moment, I don't
have FOMO. I think we're I'm very well
with my Tesla stock. Uh but again um
check out and if you have information
tag me so I can share with everybody
else. We do that the same way we do it
for the votes. I want to make sure
everybody gets the information and uh
and can can uh do it. But it is clearly
um it is clearly
designed for retail to have a lot and
Elon knows that he has a high follower
of retail that is not trading that is
really you know buying to hold and uh
that's not going to help the float but
nobody will know
because all that counts is that they're
out there.
I mean that float is going to be
something to watch. I can tell you that.
I don't know what this stock is going to
do. The predictions are all over the
place. I mean, it's multiple times over
subscribed by now already.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, whoa. I'm going to have to
rewatch what you said here, Alexandra,
because there's a I want to see whether
or not the nuggets you shared and you
you found them, they're on the S1
filing. So, but the the the the decision
or evaluation analysis of whether they
are nuggets that point towards a
potential merger, that's up to me to
kind of evaluate and figure out if I
think that they are truly nuggets or
not, but I think you found a few that
are
kind of pointing in that direction
maybe. I don't know. Anyways, and then
if it is a merger, then um as a Tesla
shareholder, we need to understand what
what we're getting our what we're
getting into. Thank you so much,
Alexander. You did a lot of work as
always.
&gt;&gt; I'll be all unemployed, so I don't need
to do that ever again. I think that'll
be great.
&gt;&gt; You won't have to do this again. I I
have a feeling once they merge.
It's It is what it is. Thank you so
much. Appreciate you guys. Oh, bye bye
everyone. Byebye.