Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Europe Breakthrough Just Changed Everything This Weekend
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9Z1Iba9qu4
Published:   2026-04-13 19:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-13 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Very exciting news for Tesla investors
this weekend with both Elon Musk and
Ashaklas Swami weighing in. Tesla's full
self-driving Supervised was approved for
the first time by the Netherlands. But
even more exciting are reports that it
might go Europewide, even beyond the EU
country soon. First, just this morning,
the general manager of the Dutch Vehicle
Authority said it plans to seek European
Unionwide approval for Tesla's FSD
supervised. And with Tesla drivers in
the Netherlands already starting to use
FSD, Ashra Klaswami announced that the
European regulation is followed by a lot
more countries than just the 27 states
part of the European Union. Second, Elon
Musk made many comments about this over
the weekend. He clarified that despite
the different naming conventions, it's
basically version 14.3. He also said
that Tesla self-driving handles Dutch
roundabouts well and that Europeans will
experience something like getting an
iPhone after only using flip phones.
Third, Tesla's ramping up hiring of robo
taxi field response specialists in
Austin, Houston, and Dallas, Texas.
Around the clock shifts, by the way.
Finally, we'll share two new features
that have already rolled out to all our
cars that you probably didn't realize
yet. We got Jeff Le joining us today.
He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome
Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Hey Berbert, how you doing?
&gt;&gt; Good. We had a good weekend. Um FSE
supervised rolled out. We did a breaking
news show on Friday on it. But uh this
weekend both Ashok and uh Elon have been
out post after post after post talking
about it. Uh first Elon said this is the
first supervised FSE approval in Europe.
Congratulations to the team. Thank you
to the regatory authorities in the
Netherlands.
This is the explanation of RDW and
European type approval. We've already
explained this earlier in our show, but
some of the new points Elon made was
that this was a extremely rigorous they
were extremely rigorous in their review.
And then Keith Roland Cop who we had on
our show the live stream you and I
hosted him. uh he was the first. He got
it right away and then within 24 hours
we'll show some videos that he took
driving around in the crazy um city that
they're driving around in. Ashok said
Tesla FSC is now rolling out to actual
customers in Netherlands.
Uh this is one of the videos. And then
this is the big news this morning. The
Dutch Vehicle Authority has notified the
European Commission of its plan to seek
European Unionwide approval for Tesla's
FE supervise. This is coming from the
general manager of the type of rules at
the regulator. So all member states vote
on this application. Approval requires a
majority of votes within the responsible
community.
Um and then the RDW often sets a
standards that influences almost all of
Europe. So if the vote passes, we should
expect countries outside the EU as well
to approve FSD. Uh, so it's just great
that the actual general manager himself
immediately said, "We're going to go and
get this approved by everyone." Uh,
great news. You said, "Yeah, go ahead."
&gt;&gt; I was just going to say, if you remember
three things from this whole uh,
approval in Europe is one is is RDW or
the Netherlands, their regulatory body
is the the gateway to the rest of the 27
EU member country states. Uh, that's
important. Number two, if you read the
write up, it wasn't like this thing
squeaked by. They said that, hey, we've
been testing this rigorously for 18
months and this thing is very good.
Tesla FSD is very good. And they, you
know, believe that it's going to make
the roads net safer. And and I think
that that's important. I think that gets
glossed over in a lot of the approvals,
the the YouTube videos that we see out
there is that you have regulatory bodies
that are that are typically a little
bit, you know, staunchy about what they
do. And Elon, you know, referred to them
being very strict and and it's good,
but, you know, very thorough, but they
said they they said they basically rang
this thing out. And that's what you want
to see from a a European regulator.
They're typically known for being tough
by the book. Uh I've dealt with
regulators in my whole prior career in
getting product approved uh in Europe or
getting a factory approved or getting
something approved and it's it's not an
easy task. So if you take away those
three things, uh, one is the approval
and the gateway to the rest of Europe.
Two, the commentary from the regulatory
body being very, uh, encouraging,
promising, and very, you know, they're
they're behind it. And and that's the
third point. The third point is what
happened this morning that they're
recommending that it goes EUwide and
that they're going to push for that. Uh,
those those three things to me are the
big takeaway. Of course, FSD unlocks
um some revenue coming out of out of out
of Europe. There's a probably 1.2
million cars that have been sold in the
last 5 or 6 years. You can probably go
back a little bit further on that, but I
I view this as the gateway to getting
FSD approved in more non-EU countries
and those EU countries that were
mentioned. And this is to me the
groundwork for robo taxi. If if FSD does
very well, then these loces are going to
be more receptive once you get through
those different regulatory hurdles for
unmanned driving. Uh they're going to be
more receptive. I think they're working
through Tesla. So, I think they went in
strong and I think they did a great job
and that and that shouldn't go
unnoticed.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Isn't that great? Isn't that
amazing? I mean, I had already counted
out Europe thinking it will never be
approved years and years and years. But
not the thing that surprised me is not
now that it has been approved by the
Netherlands,
this RDW general manager comes out and
says, "We're going to go ahead today,
like two days later, we're going to get
this approved by everybody." Um and then
then I also that this just reiterate the
point that uh Omar said now that the dam
has broken in in the Netherlands the
list of FSD countries is about to
skyrocket and Ashok said the European
regulation is followed by a lot more
countries than just the ones in the EU.
In the EU uh me the member states of the
EU 27 I think we counted uh we we heard
of there could be more. So, it sounds
like it's going to move faster. Jeeoff,
um, are you still expecting I think some
people are saying by the end of summer
still if everything goes well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I I think it could be uh I
think that hopefully is worst case and
and there could be some even sooner in
the next 4 to 8 weeks that you would
start seeing some approvals flowing in.
These cars are there. They're in they're
in the EU already. It's not like that
any additional hardware kits need to be
sent out to people. They just need a
software update and a quick little
tutorial which Tesla has already put uh
into the vehicle software and I think
sent via email to people and they're
ready to go. This is this is uh again to
have the foresight you know over the
last 10 years to design the system in
this way where these vehicles that are
years old can be updated and their value
increases immensely overnight and and
the Europeans are now starting to
experience what we've experienced for
the last year. It's been just, you know,
about a year, year and a half where
we've been on FSD13
and it really took over and started
doing more most of our driving. Before
that, it was still kind of prototypy,
experimental, having a lot of issues.
But once we got into the later versions
of V13, this became something that
reduced the stress from daily driving.
And then B14 has just taken it to a
whole new level. And now they're on the
latest. They're in Europe. They're on
the equivalent to 143. I don't have 143
in my car here yet. And they're on that
version right now and getting to
experience. I'm very happy for them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Elon uh does confirm and I'll
cover that shortly. And then there's a
number of features that this what the
Europeans see that actually I think
they're ahead which is so weird. we're
gonna get later like uh like you
mentioned earlier like people who get
into the car and download this or buy
the subscription they get a video that
they have to play first. I don't know if
that's a European regulation but it's a
great great idea regardless I think um
they also uh uh I'll talk about cross
border when when they cross they get the
warning and then I think that their
tracking of your usage of uh FSD is a
lot nicer UI as well. So, we'll we'll
cover some of this. In the meantime,
let's take a look at some videos. This
is Steven Peters and Geese. Uh
they they went on a testing spree. Crazy
drivers, hundreds of cyclists,
pedestrians, very narrow roads, and road
works. Yeah, that's I'll play a little
bit of it. Uh but basically, it's
working really, really well everywhere,
isn't it? Um
that's great. So, let's listen. arrive
already entering Amsterdam city center.
We just got off the highway
and uh
&gt;&gt; supposed to be a lot of people in the
center. So uh let's see if we get some
interesting scenarios here
&gt;&gt; on the canals. Definitely. So I think
it's
&gt;&gt; I'm just going to go ahead and play a
little bit of it. But basically, yeah,
it's driving her. This is crazy. It's
not that easy. Look at this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's not easy. There's a lot
of situations. You're dealing with a lot
of pedestrians, a lot of bicyclists, a
lot of
uh you're dealing with a lot of
different things. So, my advice to the
Europeans is to remember this is a
supervised system and to be ready at all
times.
But you can tell that it's performing
really well. And we know from the people
that have tested 143 in the US that its
reaction time and is documented by Tesla
in the release notes, it is
significantly faster and
that is going to play well in situations
like this. Tesla FSD is going to is will
react faster than a human, not only on
average, but just overall. And remember,
you've got eight sets of eyes around you
at all times, whereas a human, you only
have two and you have um you have some
amount of peripheral vision, but you you
can't keep up with the the eight cameras
and and how quickly the system responds.
The system has redundancy
and you know
as as now look at the miles that this is
going to unlock now that we start
getting more people in Europe on board
and and testing. There's going to be
issues. We're going to have we're sure
we're going to have issues. I'm sure in
the first report from the field is
always going to be interesting. Was it
Tesla's, you know, was it the, you know,
the the the car with FSD's fault or was
it the car the other car without it? But
we know from the data that we the almost
10 billion miles that have been
captured, especially on the more recent
releases, that it is many times safer
than human driving.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what happened there at the
end there, but it looked like he did
take over for some reason. I have to go
and watch it again. Um but uh
so we do have efficacy conform you said
this to the environment acts human like
except with the eight eyes perpetual
360°ree views much faster reaction time
superhuman intelligence. Okay so um
everybody lots of people are now
reporting this and they're excited
they're testing it out uh all over the
place. It does say 2026.3.6
six. And then Elon said, I guess we have
different naming conventions in Europe,
but this is basically version 14.3.
Uh, this is the subscription that you
would sign up. Uh, it is 99
per month subscription, one-time
purchase. What is that still doing
there?
&gt;&gt; H, maybe they still have the option
because they they didn't have the
option. They've never had the one-time
purchase option. You know, FSD wasn't
there. So maybe they still have the
option.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. Okay. And then uh
white passed the wife test
and then the country borders. Here's
what happens when you see the when you
pass a country border.
You receive a warning 15 seconds in
advance.
Let
me move it forward.
So, it's telling you that you need to
take over uh because it's it's just it's
getting ahead. It's heading into a
system border.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, yeah, here's the images that
he shared here.
&gt;&gt; And hopefully in a few months, this is a
non-issue. It's going to tell you like
today in in the US on maps it'll it'll
do a nice little banner if you're going
from one state to another and hopefully
that's all you'll get in the EU and that
all the countries are just approved. So
this is great for Tesla. This is great
for the future of autonomous driving
robo taxi. China's next. Many other
countries are next. This is going to
accelerate. version 143
is capable of, you know, one of the
toughest regulators in the world passing
it and approving it. And you get all the
people on axe, all the bears talking
about level two this, level four this,
it's still supervised. it does all of
this stuff matters because all of this
is building towards
uh full autonomy and and full autonomy
that can actually scale economically.
So everybody, all the same bears that
were uh getting themselves excited about
Mercedes, getting themselves excited
about all these other versions that have
since either took taken themselves
offline or they're not selling it
anymore or they sold very limited
quantities of it because it just didn't
work in it just worked in very limited
situations.
Um this is the way to to scale it. It
does take a while. It does take a long
period of time. Uh but
I think getting this done really opens
up a lot of new countries being approved
very rapidly.
&gt;&gt; I can see also that this will be the
same feature will be used maybe here in
the US when you've got unsupervised FSD
allowed in one state but not another
state or city. There's some sort of
warnings and you know they they know
that they know what they're doing. It's
not that hard. Um Elon said that Tesla
self-driving handles Dutch roundabouts
well. Uh let's take a look at what this
looks like. But
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's much more complicated in uh
in Europe and China and some I think
Italy, right? France.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean it looked normal. Looks
like a normal roundabout.
&gt;&gt; Roundabouts uh in Europe. I I a quick I
have a quick story. I was with a client
in the UK
and
we we'd flown over together from the US
cuz they had um locations in the UK and
they were assessing it and this was a
big deal and I had a an older driver
nice nice uh long car and just took us
through the roundabout and got us into a
car accident coming from the airport to
the business meeting and I had the
clients with me
&gt;&gt; and get out. He's arguing with the other
with the other person and it's just a a
mess. And then we finally get to the
office probably like an hour late
&gt;&gt; and he's
still wants to charge for the ride even
though we got into a car accident. It
was just a mess. So roundabouts the I
love the stress that a Tesla FSD takes
away, but you still got to be aware. You
still got to look what's happening. But
it really and I see it in the US in
dealing with roundabouts. 12 does a
really good job of of assessing the
situation and making the right move. And
I think it's going to make roundabouts
safer uh in Europe. And I just anyway, I
have a
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I have a I just have this itch or
twitch when it comes to roundabouts in
Europe.
&gt;&gt; Omar said European heads are going to
explode when they go from basic
autopilot to FSE version 14. If Elon
says it's 14.3 and all they've had was
like, you know, highway lane assist. Now
you get to this, they're going crazy.
Elon said, yeah, it's like getting an
iPhone after only using flip phones.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a big jump. It's a It's a
It's a big deal. It's life-changing.
It's hard to it's hard to describe
uh because the only other feeling I know
or I've I've experienced before is just
dealing with if you if you have the
ability uh going through an airport and
going through that whole situation and
then and then taking a private plane
just it's it's two it's like just two
completely different worlds. Uh, and I
don't travel that way, by the way. Just
there was an exper it was an experience
a business travel experience at one
point. I'm just saying that it it really
reduces the stress and it you feel
different at the end of at the end of a
day. Even though you've run a bunch of
errands or you've driven back and forth
to work 30, 40 miles, you feel different
at your destination. You feel different
when you get home. You feel better.
Jeeoff uh with Europe doing this uh even
making a big deal that it was a hu you
know very rigorous uh testing it's
Europe with all of their analysis and
all that that they do and then it's
going to expand to multiple countries.
What does that mean for other countries
around the world?
Well, I mean, they're going to look at
it and and this is this is part of what
happens, right? Countries that have
their own regulatory just they they
still want to go through their their own
paces and they're going to do that. But
other some of them self assess and say,
"Hey, look, like I don't have anything
better than what they'll read the report
and they'll read all the paces that was
put through and they're like, "Well, I
don't have anything that's really
significantly better." So, I'll I'll go
off of their approval. So it just it
just it take it just opens the door uh
for for more countries to start looking
at it, more countries to start testing
it and uh so it's it's a great thing for
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's move on. There are more
hirings for robo taxi. If you don't
think that Tesla is continuing to move
with robo taxi, why are they hiring?
This is they're ramping up robo taxi
field response specialists. Look at
this. Austin, Houston, Dallas. Day,
afternoon, and night shifts. This is the
people that will do immediate support to
on-road incidents involving our
autonomous vehicles, ensuring rider
safety, conducting basic roadside
repairs, assisting first responders,
aiding vehicle recovery operations.
Something happens, these guys are ready
to go to be there to assist and make
sure something's happening. They're
preparing in case something happens.
Houston, Dallas, Texas, night shift, day
shifts, everything. Afternoon shifts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I don't For some reason,
there's a
I I don't know what's happening with
some people on X there. It's like
there's a a void happening in people's
brain. They look at the price action for
the stock and they think it's it's it's
all tied together when the like the
macro wise there's these massive things
happening in the world with the price of
oil, the interest rates and so forth and
they think it's because you know Tesla
is there's something going on that's not
being told but Tesla is telling the
story in terms of what they're doing
with robo taxi
uh expans expansion what they're doing
with uh this hiring it. They wouldn't do
all this. They wouldn't station these
cars and all these just sound like a
broken record every week because it's
important. Uh if if there was some
fundamental the the thing last week was
oh Elon's talking about V15 and
therefore that's what's needed for uh
robo taxi expansion. Well, I Tesla
didn't say that. And the the the the
pace of these requisitions going in
doesn't say that they would slow the
pace. They pull them.
&gt;&gt; Um so I don't I don't know why there's
this
&gt;&gt; people are trying to make connections
that that aren't there. But if you I
mean again if you want to take the worst
case on every situation you you know you
can do that but um at the same time it's
it's fair to acknowledge that the
milestones that were discussed at the
end of January are not currently being
met. Uh but I this is I think they're
between two releases where they want to
validate safety performance
and and and but yeah this is this is a
very serious amount of hiring. And if we
t tall tallied up all these racks, I
mean this is a lot of people.
&gt;&gt; I think you is a very very good point.
If it is true that Tesla needs to wait
for version 15, let's say give it months
and months and months away. Why are you
hiring these specific job roles? It's
it's one thing to say, oh, I'm hiring
these um autopilot safety drivers
because they need more testing. Okay,
but this one is no. No. This is these
are people emergency response people in
case something happens with robo taxi.
If it happens I need to have so many
because why? Because they have eight
cars on the road or maybe they're going
to have 50 cars in the road, you know,
just I need to have multiple people
hired just in case something happens.
I'm ready to go. So this is this is
about robo taxi service, not just about
testing and giving more miles into the
belt.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And my guess with Tesla is is
they're going to start with a lot of
these things being manual and then
they're going to automate them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're not going to have this many this
this amount of this is a this is an
autonomous system. They're not going to
have this many humans looking over an
autonomous system. They're going to have
enough to satisfy regulators to satisfy
local governments and jurisdiction but
over time they're going to achieve that
level of performance and that response
time. I I believe via automation AI.
&gt;&gt; That's a good point. And here's another
hiring for Optimus. This is the uh it
says residential vehicle and robot
charging. Okay, Optimus charger
incoming. So Tesla's hiring senior
software engineers for residential
vehicle and robot charging. RO owns the
full stack of Tesla's home charging and
human robot charging products including
universal mobile connector, wall
connector, and Optimus charging. We
already knew that there's these Optimus
charging, but this person will make sure
that these chargers are done properly.
&gt;&gt; If you think about it, you're going to
open your phone app and you're going to
have your cars, you're going to have
your home energy that's already in
there,
&gt;&gt; and you're going to have your robot in
there, and you'd want you'd want a
unified experience. What What are the
prompts? What are the push notifications
coming to you? Whether it's coming from
a humanoid, whether it's coming from
your power wall, whether it's coming
from your car, you'd want a unified
experience. So, this makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't even think about that.
That's great. Yeah. One app and I'm
controlling all three. Energy storage,
robots, and my cars. They're all really
just robots. U brilliant. Never thought
of that. That's pretty pretty logical
now when you think about it. So, here's
a couple of features that people haven't
realized. It's already rolled out to our
cars. Yantasides, one of the top Tesla
engineer leads in charge of the AI
program, in charge of robo taxi, but he
is actually named in this patent for
solving the notorious wiper problem.
This has been an issue for so long. This
is our Tesla cars have the wipers and
they're AI driven instead of sensor
driven and it's just been broken. Uh,
honestly, just to be honest, it's been
broken for years. It would just go off
on its own without any, you know, any
reason. uh when it's pouring rain
sometimes it doesn't go. So I'm always
uh I because of this I actually move the
icon for uh wipers right to the dock so
I have easy access and press it. There's
multiple ways to get there so it's not a
big deal but still like Jesus. Anyways
according to this the most unsolvable
FSD edge case because it is using neural
networks using AI to train the system
but they just haven't had the chance to
to spend time on it. I think anyways
they have a patent and uh Yentasai said
we already have already implemented it
to all the fleet
and this is a patent that from my
understanding do we have more data on
it? No. So this is uh I actually haven't
read the patent but it's like partly
understanding like when it when it flip
when it goes through it actually uses
the friction of the wiper onto the
windshield. That's so brilliant. and it
can tell you if there is snow, if
there's something harder there to clean
it up, things like that. Um,
yeah,
finally. I hope so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I
&gt;&gt; we'll see.
&gt;&gt; I love to see the KPIs on this one. It
It's been an issue. It's been a with the
car doing so many things so well in FSD.
Th This one's been an issue, but I
hopefully there's a breakthrough here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He said it's rolled out to our
car. So, I'm going to have to see if I
still have these issues or not. But, uh,
yeah. Um, and then the other one here is
interesting is apparently Tesla started
using the cabin cameras, the cameras
inside the car to assess driver age. Uh,
sorry thinks that this could be used to
ensure the young children aren't hailing
autonomous taxi rides without adult
supervision is one example.
Um, what what's your thinking about
this? But basically, green the only saw
it in the actual software update that
many pe many cars have already
downloaded.
Yeah, I hope there's other ways to cross
reference and do this because this could
have potential of a lot of issues, a lot
of falsing. I'm thinking of, you know,
people with various different conditions
as well, medical conditions that um so I
just I'd be interested to see how
they're actually doing this. Uh but I'd
be worried about edge cases and and and
so forth. But for the most part, this is
something they they have to do. Um and
it' be interesting to see how others are
solving for this for this too. And I
hope there's again I hope there's other
ways to uh prevent this. But again, this
would be another thing that regulators
would be looking for. Hey, have you
thought through this? And what you want
to do is these regulators are I mean
they're trying to protect people. Uh so
as you if you kind of view these as kind
of like you know you know in the video
game like barrels are being rolled down
at you and they're is it going to knock
you over or not? You just want to think
through these things and have a plan for
it. And some of these plans may be more
difficult than others to implement, but
the fact that you've thought about it
and you're implementing something I
think the regulators would appreciate.
Now you just question is is how good is
it?
&gt;&gt; You know, this is where it reminds me
again of why it's so important. uh the
AI of course we're experiencing it in
our own lives and in order to get the
best AI the best neural networks the
best um LLM's intelligence out there you
need the largest supercomputers and the
most data there's so many ways you can
implement it so not only learning how to
drive but now it's like understanding
what's happening inside the car and then
you know the windshield wiper is one
example that they finally have the time
to figure that out but there's probably
hundreds of features
that if you have the data and you have
the neural networks and and
supercomputer, you can figure this out
out. Other car companies, they'll need
to have a supercomputer to figure this
out out, but there's going to be many,
many, many ways. Um, yeah, this one is
interesting.
Woo. Okay, so where are we at, Jeff? Uh,
this is you got approval in one country
in Netherlands. I think we're expecting
China still full approval in a couple
months, maybe.
um where
&gt;&gt; it's gonna be a big deal. There's a
couple million cars there.
&gt;&gt; There's over a million cars in Europe
and the adoption rates are improving in
the US. But to me, this is all laying
the the ground layer for unsupervised,
which I think is going to be the big
transition, and then uh obviously robo
taxi. And we didn't talk a lot about
Cyber Cab and and Robo Taxi, but it
looks like the pace of testing and the
kind of things you would see leading up
to a start of production are happening.
So, I wouldn't be surprised to see Tesla
announce that potentially in the
earnings caller before.
&gt;&gt; I'm also looking for is I mean, I hope
we're not waiting for some goofy thing
on 420 to to roll to increase the roll
out of Robbo. I hope we're not I really
hope we're not waiting for that date. I
hope when we're ready
&gt;&gt; meaning I hope we're ready like if we're
ready to go. Yeah. I hope we're not
waiting for that date because it's
funny. Haha.
&gt;&gt; Like if we're ready to go, let's go and
let's
&gt;&gt; really increase the the roll out of of
robo taxi both in the existing locations
uh and increasing unsupervised and let's
launch a couple of supervised cities
this month. I mean let's get it, you
know, let's get it out there this month.
That's what I would be
&gt;&gt; looking for. I think if we leave April
with just
um Austin and the Bay Area, I I my
concern level would increase a bit.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a good point. I think
what's going to happen though, so uh the
earnings call is April 22nd, which is a
week and like nine days away from today.
And so more likely if I were Tesla, you
would want to roll it out prior to the
earnings call. So maybe this weekend
we're going to hear another city rolled
out. Let's cross fingers. Um, and then
maybe I think yours said you're you were
kind of dancing around it, but there
could be a chance that Europe Tesla gig
of Berlin announces that they're going
to start making cyber caps or roll out
of, you know, start building robo taxi
there because if they got approval FSD,
it's one step. And then was it like a
month ago the union lost and then when
the union lost Elon came out and says we
can we're going to go big. We're going
to become the largest factory in Europe
and we're going to look at building
cyber cabs and Optimus everything here
in Europe. Kicker Prolad
next 10 days Herbert could be explosive
for Tesla or
&gt;&gt; maybe in imploding but it could be
explosive with I mean look at you have
the ceasefire for the the current
conflict that could that would expire uh
I think Tuesday of next week early next
week. You have so you have a big macro
event and then you then you have are we
going to have a big robo taxi event
coming? Are we going to have an announce
starter production for cyber cab? I
think it'd be interesting to get some of
these things out of the way for earnings
and then get into an earnings call where
you're going to be,
you know, on the I would say okay side
on vehicles, but you're going to be
really light on energy. How are they
going to guide? Are they going to change
the guidance for robo taxi rollout? Are
they going to hold it? And if they hold
it, what are they going to tell us that
they know? And and why is it like what
are they going to tell us that's
different from the January 29th call?
Because if I'm an analyst on this call
and I said, "Well, on the Jan January
29th call, you said the following. You
said that there we we would be doubling
in deployments every month and we
haven't. So what's different about what
you're saying on this call?" So, I'm
just hoping that while we get up into
that call, maybe leading up into that
call, they would have announced a couple
more cities and they would have increase
the deployment and and 143 would have
gone wide. Um, but 143 also isn't the
143
that I think we thought would be the
final piece of the puzzle, but maybe
it's the start of it. Maybe there's just
going to be point releases that add in
um those final pieces. So I there
there's just a lot of questions out
there for Tesla and the management team.
What happened in energy? Were you supply
constrained or was this just the normal
kind of lumpiness that you you deal with
with energy? Uh but it was it was a big
big drop off from expectations. So
there's a lot of questions for the
management team. I think uh the SE
system should come up in a couple days
that allows retail shareholders to put
questions that they want uh earnings
call to answer. Good questions you
brought up and maybe they will hopefully
roll out 14.3 wider before the end of
before next week. Maybe they'll roll out
another city before the end of next
week. Maybe they'll have an announcement
of cyber cap. Depends. We'll see. Thank
you so much, Jeeoff. That was good.
Appreciate your knowledge here. Follow
Jeff on his ex account at the Jeff Lutz.
Thanks everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herdomm.com.