Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Just Completed A Critical AI Piece
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBAZ2Z_terE
Published:   2026-06-22 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-22 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The most important AI move of the year
wasn't made by OpenAI, Google, or
Anthropic. But actually, it was just
made by SpaceX because SpaceX just
acquired Cursor for $60 billion. And
most investors think Cursor is just a
coding assistant. It's not. Cursor is
already used by 64% of Fortune 500
companies, has over 1 million daily
users, writes more than 100 million
lines of code every day, and is now
training a new frontier model reportedly
exceeding 1.5 trillion parameters. But
here's what you need to know. Elon Musk
recently said Cursor is an important
piece of the puzzle that will make Grock
much better. Now imagine combining
cursors coding agents, Grock's
reasoning, Grock build, composer, cloud
agents, and digital optimist into a
single enterprise AI platform. Why does
that matter? Because according to SpaceX
own S1 analysis, the single biggest
opportunity isn't rockets, satellites,
or Starling. It's enterprise
applications, a market worth $22.7
trillion. And if SpaceX can successfully
combine all these pieces into one
integrated system, the odds of
challenging OpenAI and Anthropic just
went up dramatically. More importantly
for Tesla investors, the same AI stack
could eventually power Optimus
factories, robo taxis, and the entire
physical AI ecosystem. And the crazy
part, we may still be seeing only the
first chapter. We got Larry Goldberg
here with us today. He's a serial
entrepreneur. He has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Great to be here, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; All right, so Cursor was bought.
Everybody knows that by now. But what I
wanted to do is do a deeper dive on what
exactly cursor is. What can it do? How
does it help SpaceX AI? And uh you know,
our favorite topic, Larry. I was so
concerned. XAI is so far behind. And the
others are runaway, reinforcement,
learning. They're they're going to win
it. You said it's still early. still
early. Well, now I'm seeing uh potential
here for Cursor to actually leapfrog
everyone out there. So, first of all,
these are the four young people who
created Cursor 2022. We're talking like
four years ago. Now, they are all
multi-billionaires.
Smart people deserve to be paid. Um and
reminder, this is the TAM uh that it's
enterprise AI that is the largest TAM
for SpaceX. SpaceX is actually an AI
company first and foremost and the
rockets and satellites are all leading
to this largest potential TAM which is
uh like a sentient sun right the ability
to take the energy from the sun and then
use it to create unlimited intelligence.
So when um when they bought SpaceX
completed the acquisition 60 billion
four billionaires in their mid20s
Michael Truel Sule ASF Arvid Lunamar and
Hamman Sanger all dropped out of MIT in
2022 turned down big tech offers to
build cursor to co-founders around 25 to
26 years old each own about 9% stake in
cursor worth around $5.5 billion a piece
but uh Elon said this uh in May said
anthropic will not be destroyed. Their
AI plus harness goes far beyond coding
and opus 4.7 is still better than
composer which is uh cursor's composer.
So what you're doing is you take grock
which is the AI you add composer to it
which is the harness and two together
should eventually be better than
anthropic but Elon's being fair and he's
saying actually they're not going to be
destroyed. In fact they're still leading
right now. Cursor however is an
important piece of the puzzle to make
rock much better. Can you explain before
I show some videos here of what exactly
you see cursor acquisition?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, cursor um was easily the
most popular coding harness
um in the business. In fact, at one
point it was really it wasn't the only
one because you know we have quite a few
other contenders in in the space but it
was certainly the leader and then and
you know it for its for its u calc for
for for its um model uh its AI model it
was really hooked a lot to anthropics
claude.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, and that was kind of the the
pair that was conquering the market.
Well, Claude soon introduced their own
coding model and uh and coding agent and
that rapidly took off as anthropic
throttled down the cursor um access
kept raising the rates and raising the
rates and suddenly cursor was in a fight
for its life.
Fortunately, there was a lifesaver
around and it was and I'm collapsing a
lot of history and it was Elon. Elon
could see two things. One, he was having
problems getting rock off the ground
having, you know, personnel type
problems. And two, he was seeing, you
know, this
runaway train of anthropic.
And so he made a move which very few
understood at the time. Very few if any
understood at the time. He didn't make
one move. He made three moves. First he
took a option on buying Anthropic for
what looked like a really large amount
of money. Everybody was kind Yeah.
Everybody see I mean everybody was kind
of amused. And then he turned around and
rented out this place to Anthropic who
were being throttled by their own lack
of compute. Their own success was
driving them into real difficulties and
people were abandoning uh you know
&gt;&gt; the latest and greatest model. Yeah.
They were abandoning it because the
costs were just going through the roof.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And uh so Elon turned around rented
space to them and said have at it guys
and anthropic you know breathed the sigh
of relief and very soon followed with a
Google deal. But if you look at what
Elon has done firstly he has resolved
what it was not not a comfortable
situation and that uncomfortable
situation was that he had two data
centers functionally in in different
physical locations relatively close to
each other but he was having real
difficulty getting them to act as a
single uh entity
&gt;&gt; as a single coherent uh unit. What we
mean by coherence is all operating as if
they were one computer. So because the
spa the the direct the the distance
between them is too great and you were
losing microsconds of transport time of
that data. So that solved problem number
one. Problem number two is he still had
too much compute for what he intended to
have and he was able to rent out some of
that space to Anthropic and some of the
new space that he was creating to
Google. So he made three moves in a row,
none of which made any not one of which
made any sense to anybody. But if you
look at them as a whole,
&gt;&gt; what he's doing is stating one, I want
to be a, you know, a largecale provider
of compute because I can do it more
cheaply and better than anybody else and
I can make more money out of it. My
margins are going to be larger than
everybody else's. So I'm very
competitive and the second is I want to
solve the problems that I'm having with
Grock and I believe that these guys from
uh cursor are the people to do it. So in
two incredibly
deaf transactions, three really three
deaf transactions, he's transformed XAI
from look like a struggling wannabe,
you know, provider in in this burgeoning
space into probably
a real contender
for the top spot. Um, it's going to be
tough. Whether he can get to the top
spot or not, I don't know because he's
facing some terrific opposition. I mean,
Google will get their act together one
of these days.
They haven't so far, but uh Microsoft
may get an act together as well. Those
are the two legacy contenders but but
the burgeoning newer contenders which is
you know open AI but more importantly
anthropic. So these are very very tough
competitors but uh you know Elon had has
made these incredible moves and so the
opportunity for him to propel XAI or
SpaceX AAI we should call it up to the
top is is real. It's it's real.
It's not going to be easy and we're in
the early days of a long longd distance
race. I mean, it's going to feel like
it's going to feel like things change
every day, but it's a long-distance
race.
&gt;&gt; Um, I'm going to show exactly what
cursor is from the founders themselves.
Before I get there, I want to show you
Jensen Hang what he said because he said
this a while ago. He said that uh months
ago, Jensen said, "My favorite
enterprise AI service is cursor." And
and Nvidia uses cursor quite a bit.
&gt;&gt; My favorite enterprise AI c uh service
is cursor. Curser is an AI coder and
every one of our engineers 100% is now
assisted by AI coders and our
productivity has gone up incredibly and
so you're now seeing enterprise AI
companies like cursor open evidence I
love lovable um all of these companies
are some of the fastest growing
companies in the world and they address
enterprise and so enterprise AI is here
&gt;&gt; I don't know if he knew at the time
uh Elon's going to buy
I'm so happy that Elan did this
actually.
&gt;&gt; I'm interested to know what date he made
that statement actually.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Months ago. I don't have the date.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um okay. So that's him. And then this is
what uh the cursor founders that we're
introducing cursor 3. This is in April.
It explains a little bit more but it's
basically all the code is written by
agents. Uh built it's built for a world
where all the code is written by agents.
And then let's explain he he explains
what it is.
&gt;&gt; Coding is changing and it's changing for
the better. The gap between imagination
and reality is shrinking to an instant.
And it's because coding agents are
getting so good. They're getting
smarter. They're getting faster. And so
that's why we're excited to announce
Cursor 3. It's a home for your agents.
And it combines the power of a
professional development environment,
language servers, files, remote SSH with
all of the models and the ability to run
as many agents as you want anywhere,
either quickly on your computer or you
can hand off entire projects to agents
that run in the cloud.
&gt;&gt; In the new cursor, the way you build
software is you're talking to agents.
You have all of your agents in one
place. You can look at changes. You can
test them out and then take them all the
way to merge PR. You can dive deep when
you really need to. Looking at changes,
clicking around, going to definition.
Probably the most exciting part is that
local and cloud are really, really
seamless. You can pull an agent locally.
You can iterate with it and then zap it
back up to the cloud. when you want to
let it work on its own. It's really fun
to work with agents locally, but then at
the end of the day, you want to be in a
Zen state where you're interacting with
all these different agents that are
running on different machines. We
announced cloud a month ago where agents
can now run code end to end with their
own sandbox and work on full projects.
We announced composer 2 a couple of
weeks ago which is a frontier model with
incredibly high limits and very quick
speeds. And now we have cursor 3 out
into the world. And so with these pieces
together of model, product, and runtime,
we're excited to build toward a world
where agents really feel like colleagues
and where you can build anything you'd
like on a computer instantly.
&gt;&gt; Oh, crazy. So you this is okay. That is
a good explanation what cursor is. So
you're a software developer. You have
access and you can manage a team of
agents doing all work local or cloud
things are happening. And then uh this
is uh just information about more about
what they've done. and a big
announcement they just made a few days
ago. Just yeah, a couple days ago.
They're training a new frontier model
from scratch. 1.5 trillion parameters.
Guess where they got that from? XAI,
SpaceX, 10 to 20 times more compute than
Composer. They finally were given the
tools that they needed. They didn't have
the money. They didn't have the access,
but because SpaceX bought them, they
partner with them. They've got it.
Trained on a 100,000 GPUs, same scale as
Opus and GPT 5.5. So, Kurser was already
leading ahead of these other guys. And
they didn't they were one hand behind
the back. They didn't have access to
compute. Give them the compute. See what
happens. My god, this is powerful.
&gt;&gt; Well, so
we have to we have to recognize that
right now as we speak, Anthropic leads
the market.
&gt;&gt; I've told everybody this is very early
days, but let me tell you, just came
back from Austin this morning. Um, and
while in Austin, I looked at um I looked
at a massive spreadsheet, huge
spreadsheet, which is the business model
for this company that we were
evaluating. And they showed me the sheet
as Claude had helped them build this
sheet. And then they showed me the the
the same sheet that Fable 5, the new
anthropic model, had built. I mean, it's
like two different worlds.
So, Fable 5, which has right now been
withdrawn from the market. I I don't
know what what the politics of all of
this is going to end up being because
Anthropic, it seems they can't get out
of their own way with their politics.
But Fable 5, the difference between
Fable 5 and
the top top top model that you know
Claude
provided us before is like night and
day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. huge magnet.
&gt;&gt; It's incredible. It's incredible. So,
you know, I mean, all all the AI vendors
have their work cut out for them. Not
the least of which is, of course, Grock
has got a huge huge leap to make. So,
it's just to live in this world now is
just the most exciting thing you can
imagine. It's it's a long way for uh for
Cursor, SpaceX, AI, and Cursor to catch
up. I get you. But let's listen a little
bit more to what he said about what he's
thinking. Uh they'll be able to do
&gt;&gt; exciting new powerful capabilities. Uh
and then last, this is going to be a
model that's going to be intelligent
beyond just coding. We think that this
is important for what Kerser would like
to do. We want to make it so that anyone
can build anything they'd like on a
computer. And the bottleneck to that is
starting to become not just the codew
writing side of things but everything
that you would want out of a an engineer
colleague. Um and that means using tools
uh that engineers would use. That means
long range planning. That means actually
testing the software and clicking
through buttons. Um that means also
having great UX around showing users
exactly what was changed by the agent.
Um but we're going to take a step
outside of just coding and make this
model uh much more generally
intelligent. Uh and so uh that we are
deep into training. It's been kicked off
and will be released in the next couple
of weeks. And all of this is backed by
our our partnership with SpaceX, which
as you all know is a little bit more
than a partnership.
It's been a slow news day. Um
um but yeah, I think that this is both
exciting for this particular project uh
and kind of the next series of model
releases that we're looking forward to,
but also kind of hearkening back to what
we were talking about at the start.
There's so few players and institutions
in AI that can really co-design both the
product side of things and the model
side of things. And I think the
fundamental company DNA of the other
players are all that of, you know, maybe
large tech companies or maybe things
that started out as labs and then kind
of backed into the developer and builder
side of things. And this is a company
that, you know, for better or for worse,
I think for better, uh, is really
fundamentally about developers. That's
what we started with. That's what we
care about. this company is just made
up, you know, uh, you know, is made up
of fundamentally people that want to
build a tool that's useful for them. And
so this next phase of the company, I
think, elevates for the first time a
group of people with that product ethos,
with that developer ethos down to its
core, um, and gives that group the
ability not just to edit the pixels on
the screen, but also to edit the
fundamental capabilities of the models,
uh, which is an important piece of the
product. Uh, and so really excited about
both this next release and just the
series of releases we're going to see
over the next few months. Uh, and so
there you have it. Three big
announcements. Uh, the app mobile app
being released today. Um, the start of
taking on GitHub and a first sneak peek,
the first time we've ever talked about
it of this uh, this new model uh, and
our plan for models going forward. And
so really excited to spend the day with
you all. As mentioned, this community is
an extension of how we've worked on
cursor from the very
&gt;&gt; well that was just yesterday. made their
very first announcement. That's Michael
Truel. Um, he sounds good. I like what
he's saying. That's uh they're they're
you know, like there's a bunch of smart
guys who've done incredible work with
Cursor who leaprog and the most
important thing honestly is
distribution. That is not easy. It's
like one thing to create a magical
product that people want, but it's to
get to 70% of the Fortune 1000. I think
it was 60% of the Fortune 500 developers
all using it. You got Nvidia, Jinsen
Wong saying this is my this thing is
being used by all my, you know,
engineers. Elon buys them and now you
give them the tools. You give them the
money. You give them the data center.
You give them the Grock. They've got the
the data.
With these smart guys, maybe we can beat
these guys. And I don't know if I agree
with what he said about, well, we're a
different kind of company. We're not a
lab. We're not a researcher. We came up
as people who cared about giving tools
to others. We'll see. We'll see. But I I
like this guy. exciting time. Wow. It's
an exciting time. When you know when I
first saw chat GBT,
I thought that's cute. That's a good
That's a good bot.
It talks back good.
Man, have we have we come a long way in
four years? Five years. It's incredible.
It's just incredible. I can't imagine
what
&gt;&gt; business models in seconds.
&gt;&gt; Uh because coding is everything and then
you give that coding to a regular person
who can then you know don't need to be a
coder. That's what I think he's
referring to. So
I mean I hope these guys now become at
least some of the leaders and then to
remember who's the leader of all of this
Ashra Kaswami.
And isn't that great to have Ashra
Kaswami the a Tesla AI team leading this
whole space and then you've got these
you you're giving this the firepower of
intelligent people you know.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; so multi-billionaires.
So Larry, I guess I'm the part that I'm
still very concerned or unaware unsure
about and I'm trying to understand
clearly is does Tesla SpaceX AI astro do
they have a their strategy is vision
only with the data will make a gentic
enterprise AI uh you know digital
optimist
better than the other is that a real
thing is that a real value proposition
&gt;&gt; it's absolutely a value proposition
firstly
Firstly, you're going to have to have
both modes present all the time
in the bot. There's no doubt in my mind
at all. None at all that you're going to
have to have real world capability and
you're going to have to have huge
compute capability. We do that all the
time. We have a brain, but we also have
eyes and we also have limbs. So, we have
to move through the real world. We have
to be very real world aware, but we also
have to be calculating in our heads all
the time. And that is going to happen in
the cars
soon, very soon. We have Grock in the
car right now. It's cute. You can talk
to it and it can talk back. That's fine.
But Grock shortly is going to be the
control center of the car.
It's going to be what you use to talk to
the car and how the car reacts and how
you control the car and how you control
the devices in the car. And it's also
going to do all of the calcul calculus
for you, all the calcul. So, we're going
to see a massive change in the car
using Grock, but we're also going to see
the the bot using the combined um uh
tools of of of
you know, both Grock and and FSD. And
soon you're not going to be able to tell
which is Grock and which is FSD. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's not what I'm referring to. Uh I'm
not referring to real world AI. What I'm
referring to is, okay, we're talking
about enterprise AI. Enterprise AI is
controlling software that's on my
desktop on everybody's, you know,
whatever factory worker walks up to a
screen, controls.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't confuse, don't confuse
enterprise AI as not having a real world
component to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I'm trying to understand
is this. Okay. So what I heard SpaceX AI
say is that vision is important. Which
means that if you look at a screen and
you see the software, an electronic
medical record at a hospital, a factory,
you know, a worker walks up to, you
know, a phone and they're trying to a
banker opens up whatever the screen they
use. It's easier if you use vision and
reasoning to understand what is going on
just like a human does versus what what
would Anthropic do? What would Open Eye
do? they would have to create an API,
but whether or not they couldn't also
understand what's on a screen without
having the vision uh skill sets that
Tesla has because of their knowledge
about how to turn vision into action.
That's the part I'm not sure yet.
&gt;&gt; Reading a screen. Yeah, I do. But I'm
I'm not convinced that reading a screen
requires quote real world AI.
&gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm
saying. That's what I'm trying to drill
down to. A screen is a 2D
representation.
&gt;&gt; It's a it's a digital representation
um of abstraction of the real world. So
a digital representation of an
abstraction of the real world. So
firstly everything on the screen
represents the real world through a
digital medium.
So
understanding what's on the screen is
really very simple for a digital device.
It's not like the real world. It doesn't
have depth. It doesn't have bread,
unlimited breadth. It doesn't have
unlimited colors, unlimited, you know,
surfaces. It it's a gigantically it's a
gigantic leap from watching the screen
and interpreting the screen whether you
do it visually or you do it digitally.
So, so yeah, I mean real world AI is a
much greater challenge than real. I'm
what I'm trying to understand is the
whole the whole pitch that I've been
hearing SpaceX AI say is that because of
our vision experience on real world AI
when we put that into software digital
software enterprise AI we will have a
lead over anthropic who have to create
APIs into those systems that's the part
I'm not 100% sure that they truly do
have that lead I need to understand
better
&gt;&gt; should they have that lead I mean having
an API into a real world system you
really have to understand it's not only
a lot of work. It's in terms of the
interface, but you really have to
understand what the real world
representation really means. Um, and
that's the point I was making. It's very
different from looking at a digital
representation of the real world and
understanding what that means. But when
you look at the real world, it's a whole
different ball game.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, well, I don't I'm still
going to have to drill into this and
learn more about
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, just to just to put it
into simple words, to have an API to um
a video
um is very different from having an API
into cameras that look at the real world
and move through the real world. That's
there's no doubt in my mind. Thank you
so much, Larry. Appreciate it. That was
fun. That's cursor. I'm so happy SpaceX
bought them. Let's see what they
accomplish with the firepower that they
now have. data and data centers,
compute,
uh, and hopefully they leaprog, they
catch up
&gt;&gt; and real and real world engineering
skills, the ability to build these data
centers very rapidly, the ability to put
data centers in the sky,
&gt;&gt; and that's going to give them a that's
going to give them a huge opportunity to
take the lead over their competitors
&gt;&gt; and hopefully these are the smart guys
including Ashok and his team that
already is the leaders in the space
anyways.
increase firepower. Thank you, Larry.
Check him out on his website,
lumisenti.com.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.