Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Proved Bigger Batteries Are A Mistake
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6osABh30quA
Published:   2026-09-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One question I get a whole lot is why on
earth didn't they just put a giant
battery in the Model Y L? And the short
answer is because they don't need to.
And I can tell you why. And more than
that, I can tell you what would happen
if they had. And more than that, I can
tell you how it makes sense, as it
genuinely does. You see, I recently had
an opportunity to do a presentation for
the Oregon Electric Vehicle Association
out of Portland. We do all kinds of fun
stuff with that group. You may have seen
a bunch of videos of our meetings in the
past. Join us. Come join us anytime you
like. It is free uh to hang out and uh
cheap to join, but uh it's a lot of, you
know, our people having the kinds of fun
we have doing all kinds of fun events.
We get to go see the control room for
the Portland General Electric Authority.
It's a lot of excitement there. You can
see everything going on. We get to go to
the bus barn and interview them about
their electric buses. We do all sorts of
fun stuff. In this case, we were invited
down to the Tesla showroom to see the
Model Y L. David, a gentleman there,
spoke first. And of course, uh, without
permission from corporate, we couldn't
record him, but it's all right. He said
all the things that you can find on the
website and in the brochure. But what I
spoke about after that was the reason
the Y doesn't need a bigger battery. The
reason it works the way it is and how
come they're able to actually pull it
off when so many other manufacturers
have fallen so desperately short on
efficiency. Now, this is a fun video cuz
I'm going to go right into it. But after
that, there's a special treat for you.
That's right. I was invited to
participate in a couple of uh Instagram
reels. Uh you know, Tik Tok short sort
of things. Yeah, maybe I bullied my way
in a little bit because I wanted to show
what the car can do. But we had some fun
with it. If you like it, let me know.
There's another one I can post and
probably going to be more after that,
but we'll find out. And one of those
gals is going to come along for an FSD
test drive and share her thoughts. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
Okay, so for those who don't know who I
am, I'm Brian. I have a channel called
Futurza. I cover a few things about
Tesla once in a while. And by once in a
while, I mean twice a day. And by a few
things, I mean, go ahead, quiz me. Quiz
me. Uh, so what we didn't discuss is
what the car isn't. And we got a lot
about what it is, but I've had a number
of people say, "Why can't it just have a
bigger battery? Just give me more range.
I want more range." And first of all,
just does too much heavy lifting. That
word drives me crazy. And when it comes
to adding, there is no just.
Subtracting. You can just with
subtractions. But the short answer is it
doesn't need a bigger battery. How dare
you? That is so controversial. It's not.
So this car right here, 75 kilowatt hour
battery pack. This one 83. That's Yeah.
10% more battery. 10% but it's so much
bigger. It's 7 in longer. It's an inch
and a half taller. You know how much
more this weighs than that car? 200 lb.
&gt;&gt; 200. It's got more seats. It's got more
glass. It's got a whole lot more glass.
In fact, if you've ever driven a Y, you
know, looking out that back window, you
don't see nothing because it's a little
portal. This guy, you can see clear out.
It's a huge piece of glass.
It actually gets the stated range. If
you bought something, if you bought a a
Model 3 before the refresh, if you
bought a Model Y before the refresh, you
might have some frustrations when it
comes to the range. I do, but the new
ones don't. This Juniper style Model Y
should get the range. The Highland Model
3 should get the range. And this has
been tested. So, you're saying 338 is
the EPA range. The crazy part is tests
have been done that get better than
that. Edmonds did a test mix of highway
and city. They got 350 miles. Dirty
Tesla took it out. Did 70.3 mph over the
course of his test. He didn't run it all
the way down, but it extrapolated to 355
miles of range at 70 miles an hour. So,
how do you get that efficiency when
you've only got 10% more battery? Well,
let's go over absolutely everything. The
wheels are arrow. There's no fancy,
beautiful wheels that are going to make
you look like a badass. What you got is
efficient wheels. The uh HVAC system has
been completely rethought. If you've got
a three row Model Y like I do, he'll
tell you that third row gets real hot
and real cold. This has three zones. If
you're in the front by yourself, those
two zones are doing nothing. Your your
battery is not cooling them. It is not
heating them. If you're in the second
row, you got people in there, it'll do
that. If you're using all three, then it
does it, but no sooner. So the uh it has
the octa valve which is the best heat
pump out there with the new super
manifold version two which uh better
isolates all the channels of heat and
cool and even they even cut slots on the
outside of it where it mounts so there's
very little bleed between the different
paths and that's and I mean we're just
getting started. The glass is extremely
reflective. You can watch videos from
the day it was released at the Tesla
diner and people are in the back going,
"Huh, I don't feel the sun." If you're
rejecting all that heat, you don't need
as much HVAC. The length of it being 7
in longer gives you better arrow. So,
your coefficient of drag drop from like
22 to like uh 216 or something. a very
small drop, but a drop because an arrow
has better uh coefficient of drag than a
bullet or a ball. Uh so you've got that
going for you there. It has an
integrated spoiler at the back. Instead
of a taped on or bolted on one, it is an
integrated spoiler. That little extra
bit of turbulence gives you a little bit
more efficiency. So at highway speeds,
you're still doing good. dirty Tesla's
test. He went out and did another test
at 80 and found that he would still get
about 300 miles of range, which is
really good.
So, why not just I mean, shouldn't we
put should we put a 100 kilowatt hour
pack in there? We could. It would fit.
Well, the answer is it weighs more. A
few hundred pounds more. It's just a few
hundred pounds more. Oh, and it costs
more. H you're going to add another
thousand. couple thousand and then you
get into this vicious cycle where you
got to upgrade your suspension. You got
to upgrade your brakes, your tires, your
wheels. That just added another 10
grand. Your your And then what? And then
you got to rethink your range, rethink
your battery, rethink your motors, and
you have to tune it all again because
you tuned it for exactly what it was.
And at that point, just get an R1S. I
mean, it's big, it's heavy, and it
doesn't sell very well, and you didn't
get that much more range because of all
the goofy stuff you had to add. So, why
not just put in a bigger battery? They
did. It's this much bigger, and that's
all you need. Uh, so, uh, with that, I
think we can open it up to questions.
Uh, David will come back up here. If you
guys have any questions, let me know. If
you're watching this at home, you know,
stay tuned, stay juicy, all that good
stuff. There it is. Did you make it
through the presentation? If so, well,
now it's time for your special treat.
It's one of two videos that I shot with
Kelly and Jeanie. Uh, link in the
description to Jeanie's channel. It's a
whole lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that was a great movie.
Is our ride coming soon? Can you check
your Uber?
&gt;&gt; Oh, let me see. Oh, here it comes now.
Cool Uber.
&gt;&gt; Kelly, the driver looks a little like
Skeletor. Genie, that's a little
offensive.
And the passenger kind of looks like
that Tesla guy.
What gives?