Channel:     electrified
Title:       Something Big Happening at Tesla Next Week? ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCBnRveYaZU
Published:   2026-05-22 20:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. I was fully ready to wake
up on Wednesday, change the name of the
channel, and move forward as we talked
about. But after spending a few hours
reading through hundreds of your
comments, and I appreciate every single
one, I have decided to keep the name
Electrified for now. There was some
awesome feedback, and I know that it's
true. electrified really does still
apply to everything in the AI landscape.
It really doesn't have to be and
shouldn't be limited to battery storage
and electric vehicles. Data centers on
Earth and in space, Neuralink, parts of
Starship, they all have electrified
components. So, yes, the name can still
work with the broadening of the channel
going forward, which I am absolutely
still going to do gradually over time
start to broaden the topics we cover
here. So, thank you for all of the
feedback. And just know in the future,
even if I title a video something only
about SpaceX or some other AI company.
If there's Tesla news to talk about, it
will still also be in that video just
like I've been doing to date. So,
seriously, thank you all for taking the
time to share your input. It really was
incredibly valuable. So, we're keeping
the name Electrified, but we will be
broadening the topics moving forward as
we talked about. And lastly, I've had
some family gettogethers this week,
which sadly rarely happens. I have
another one coming up tonight, so it
will be an abbreviated episode today.
But no worries, I have a plan for how
we'll get through everything that I want
to talk through in the weeks ahead. But
getting into it for today, this
infrastructure piece for robo taxi we
know is crucial for scaling. I think
it's largely been overlooked because
many people think, well, Tesla has
service centers and locations all over
the country. They can just use those as
hubs for robo taxis. But I know many of
you have been to those locations and
oftent times the parking lots are
already full of Tesla vehicles and we
know they don't have autonomous
cleaning. They likely don't have enough
charging. The staff at those locations
are already busy with other tasks. So if
Tesla's going to have tens and
eventually hundreds of thousands of
these robo taxis in the country, then
obviously they're going to need more
infrastructure exactly like these hubs.
Marco reported Tesla's in the process of
a second location. And this one will be
in Irving, Texas. And remember, the
first one we heard about was in Las
Vegas, Nevada. This one in Texas will be
remodeling a 35,000 ft warehouse. It'll
also have 16 V4 Supercharger stalls and
212 stalls for vehicle storage further
north on the property. The project is
currently working its way through the
city's planning department as Tesla must
secure a zoning variance in order to
move forward. But from everything I've
read behind the scenes, it sounds like
this should have no problem getting
approved sometime here in the next month
or two.
&gt;&gt; Hey, hey, welcome to the future home of
Tesla's robo taxi maintenance and
cleaning facility, or at least a
potential location for it here in
Irving, Texas, which is a suburb of DFW,
very close to DFW airport. This location
was spotted by Marco RP on X and it's
about 35,000 square feet, at least the
chunk of the building that they're
considering to spruce up and make into
the robo taxi depot or maintenance
facility. And then behind this building
is another building. And then on the
other side of that is a parking lot
which would also be in consideration for
the robo taxi lot and some potential
superchargers there as well for the
fleet. Okay, this is the backside of the
potential robo taxi lot with some garage
doors. This would be the location of the
200 plus parking spaces associated with
the robo taxi uh maintenance facility
here in Irving, Texas.
&gt;&gt; And Spencer, who shared that video of
the robo taxi hub in Irving, also shared
this video of four cyber cabs in Dallas
equipped with the gold wheel caps and
robo taxi front plates. So, as I
recently corrected myself, the launch of
a cyber cab on the robo taxi network
really could be imminent. Now, while the
initial deployment of a cyber cab is
going to be incredibly exciting for the
likes of us, we should not be expecting
scale to soon follow thereafter. I still
think the most likely outcome is Tesla
deploys one and then that number creeps
up slowly to anywhere from 5 to 15 for
the next few weeks, if not months. So,
just for fun, my latest personal hopes
for Tesla right now are to see about 30
Cyber Cabs in Austin sometime by the end
of August and perhaps another 10 or so
each in both Houston and Dallas. But the
real question becomes, what about
Phoenix, Miami, Orlando, Tampa, and Las
Vegas? We are down to 38 days for Tesla
to launch in all of those cities to hit
a timeline that they put in the
quarterly report. So, if Tesla pulls
that off, will they launch in these new
cities with the Cyber Cab or the Model
Y? My expectation for caution would be
expecting the Model Y. But we were also
told that Tesla would expand into places
like Houston and Dallas with a
supervisor and that went out the window.
And at the Model SNX signature event,
Lars did say the Cyber Cab is now
officially the most efficient EV ever
tested at 165 W hours per mile, which by
the way happens to be 40% more efficient
than the Model 3. Said another way, that
would be 16.5 kwatt hours per 100 miles.
Or broken down even further, that would
be over 6 m per kilowatt hour. And while
Lars was saying that, did he let
something slip about a potential event
for Cyber Cab next week?
&gt;&gt; And we moved that into to the autonomy.
Now we just started Cyber Cab production
next week. Uh or like a couple weeks
ago, I guess. And you know, it's like
without SNX, that future would have
never been possible. Um that is the most
efficient EV that was ever has ever been
certified and built. So it's 165 W hours
a mile, which was like half of what we
started Model S with. It's kind of crazy
to think we've gotten that far over the
time.
&gt;&gt; So, was that an honest mistake or did he
let something slip that there might be
something happening with the Cyber Cap
next week? We'll find out soon enough.
Saddled shared a video saying, "All
Cyber Cabs at the Houston Robo Taxi Hub
are now equipped with the gold wheel
caps and the robo taxi decals on the
front plate. There's been visible
progress every day. My guess is removing
the steering wheel will be the final
step before they officially join the
fleet." And I would tend to agree. Now
look, we still might have another few
weeks of testing for these vehicles, but
it really could be any day now. And on
that efficiency number, the lead cyber
cab engineer, Eric, said, "We have been
and will continue to be relentless on
cyberc cab platform efficiency. That 165
W hours per mile is only the starting
point." And to contextualize how absurd
that efficiency number is for the Cyber
Cab, I think the second most efficient
EV ever is the Lucid Air Pure. and that
comes in around 230 W hours per mile.
And all other EVs, including the Model
3, are even higher than that. But the
Model 3 is right behind it somewhere in
the neighborhood of 240. But obviously,
those figures vary on the circumstances.
So, not only should the upfront cost of
the Cyber Cab be incredibly low, but the
overall TCO should be incredible as
well. And say what you will about the
conversion itself, but if you run the
cyber cab numbers, it would work out to
a 205 mp gallon equivalent. So it is
literally next level in a league of its
own type engineering. Fun fact about me,
sometimes I'll just ride around FSD and
speak things that I'm learning so I can
commit them to long-term memory. I have
a secret weapon to do so, and that is
the Plaude Note Pin S, the sponsor of
this video. Today, I'll just use the
magnetic clip, pop it right on, and
we're off. And what's cool about Tesla's
new Etherloop system is that it takes
the old canvas language. And I've tried
audio recording on just my phone, but
when you're done, all you have is an
audio file and nothing else. Plus, it
constantly gets interrupted. I prefer to
have my phone free for other things.
&gt;&gt; One touch, easy activation,
long press, vibration, and you're off.
Then, as I'm talking, if I say something
that I think is good or I should share,
I can just single press and that will
highlight it or bookmark it. And then
when you're done recording, a quick
refresh on the mobile app will transfer
all of the files from the device to the
cloud for long-term storage. The files
will transfer automatically via
Bluetooth, or you can do a fast transfer
if you're connected to Wi-Fi. So, all
your files automatically saved in the
cloud so you can access on mobile or
desktop. So automatically without me
doing anything I get the actual audio
file so I can hear what was said. You
get a full transcript of the
conversation and you can generate these
well formatted summaries to see the
speaker all the different topics bullet
point format and conclusions and
summaries. And if you want to edit the
name of the speaker or any part of the
conversation or if you want to add a
note you can easily do so. And here's
the ask plot AI tool. So, I can ask,
"What was the analogy I used to explain
Tesla's Ether Loop?" And right there,
you compared Tesla's Ether Loop to a
NASCAR racetrack. So, now you can use AI
to dive deeper and recall anything from
all of your conversations. Another use
case for me, Ashley and I love to walk.
So, we'll record these conversations. We
have done it in seriously high winds and
it still picks up everything.
Oftentimes, we'll talk about business
and goals. So, this way we can
reference, hey, what did we say? What
were those good ideas? We can create
action items from each conversation to
share with each other. And again, each
time you bookmark or add a highlight
with that simple one-click after you say
it, you'll find it right here. Meeting
highlights. And what's nice is Plaude
has a desktop app. So any meeting you
have on your computer, Zoom, Google
Meet, whatever else, it will record
without having a bot join the
conversation. And it automatically
detects the recording. So whether you're
having conversations digitally or in
person, you can capture all of it. The
battery life's great. It gets around 20
hours of continuous recording or 40 days
of standby time. So no more note-taking,
no more clogging up my phone with
recordings. I now have searchable AI
memory for all of my conversations and
all my brainstorming sessions. So if
you'd like to check out the Plaude
Notepins for yourself, you can use my
links below and my code electrified to
get 10% off. And as always, thank you
for considering supporting the channel.
Enjoy. Today, the Belgian politician
Anik Ditter said Tesla's FSD has already
covered more than 2,000 test kilm. And
right now, the testing threshold was
5,000 km. So, the testers will hit that
number in short order. And she said
Tesla now has three cars in use to
complete the test period as smoothly as
possible. So, this testing on the
Belgian roads might be completed sooner
rather than later. And if all goes well,
it could lead to a swift talleigation.
And in case you missed it, Tesla's
supervised FSD has officially rolled out
in Lithuania. So, as Tesla said, the
European expansion is now underway
beyond the Netherlands. And just FYI, if
you've seen reporting that Tesla has now
officially received full approval for
FSD in China, that's not correct. As far
as we can tell officially, Tesla still
has that limited approval for supervised
FSD in China, and they're not expecting
a full broad approval until sometime in
Q3 this year. And in the B-roll footage
during the SNX signature event, we got
this brief glimpse of what appears to be
the Optimus production line, whether you
want to call it the pilot line or not,
the one for 1 million bots per year. So,
if this is indeed real footage and not
some sort of render of what it will look
like, it's a bit further along than I
would have been expecting given what
we've seen publicly from Tesla so far.
And I think this will serve as a perfect
bridge for today's episode. Andbridge
and Meta are expanding their clean
energy partnership, which will supply
Meta's data centers with 365 megawatts
of solar and a 1600 megat battery. This
project will be in Wyoming and you
guessed it, Tesla will provide the
batteries. They said the project will be
one of the larger utility scale battery
installation supporting US data center
operations and growth. And 1,600
megawatt hours would imply roughly 400
Tesla megaps. I just hope everybody can
internalize how far the demand for AI
compute currently exceeds the actual
capacity available. and that'll flow all
the way down through the value and
supply chain. So, it'll be at least a
few years before orbital data centers
are a thing at scale. And until then,
battery storage will be a critical part
of this massive AI compute buildout.
Now, shifting to SpaceX. As Sawyer said,
it is true SpaceX is allocating an
abnormally high portion of the shares to
retail investors. However, when you
understand what's going on, this
statement needs the biggest asterisk of
all time. You'll see many posts out
there about the steps required depending
on the platform you invest with. But no
matter what you see, I would strongly
encourage you to reach out to your
broker directly and speak to a human and
ask them if you're going to have any
chance at SpaceX allocation. The reason
I say that is because no matter what you
see online, it's often going to depend
on how much you have invested, how long
you've been invested with the platform,
what you've invested in, how much
revenue you've generated for the
platform, and so on. And to address the
elephant in the room, yes, Elon said,
"If any of my companies goes public, we
will prioritize other longtime
shareholders of my other companies,
including Tesla. Loyalty deserves
loyalty. June 2024." My simplified take
of this entire thing, Tesla shareholders
are not going to be getting any special
treatment for the SpaceX IPO like many
had hoped. But it's also true that Elon
and SpaceX did what they could, bumping
up the retail allocation to 30% when
it's typically somewhere around 5 to
10%. So maybe in Elon's mind, that's
doing what he could and anything further
than that specific for Tesla
shareholders would have met plenty of
regulatory and legal challenges down the
line. But we have to remember the story
is also not over. If a merger is likely
and with each passing month that seems
to be the case more and more, Elon might
still be able to do something to benefit
Tesla shareholders at that time. And no,
I'm not trying to let Elon off the hook
here. I do think he should have been a
bit more careful about what he said
publicly would be coming for Tesla
shareholder treatment. But to me, Tesla
shareholders getting some special rate
or special treatment really always felt
like a long shot. But here's the real
reason why I think if you're a retail
investor, your expectations should be
very low about what type of allocation
of SpaceX shares you might actually get.
And it goes far beyond just the demand
being higher than we've ever seen for an
IPO. We know SpaceX is looking to raise
$75 billion at a roughly $2 trillion
valuation, which means SpaceX will only
be offering roughly 4% of the post IPO
float to anyone. said another way, post
IPO, 95% of SpaceX ownership will still
be with people like Elon, insiders, and
pre-IPO shareholders. So, the actual
percentage of the float being offered at
this IPO is already quite small. And so,
that 30% number you see of the shares
going to retail is 30% of 4% of the
overall float. said another way, when
you do the math, that means only about
1.2% of the post IPO float will actually
be going to retail at the IPO price. So,
all that to say, a retail investor
getting a meaningful allocation to
SpaceX shares is effectively going to be
like winning the lottery when you factor
in what the demand is going to look
like. So, the takeaway, most people who
express an interest in SpaceX shares
from a retail perspective will not get
an allocation. And so just don't forget
only around 4% of SpaceX is actually
being sold to the public. And then from
there, retail is only getting roughly a
third of that already very small slice.
Again, 95% of SpaceX will be staying
with the existing pre-IPO shareholders.
So my hope is that explanation will ease
some of the expectations because I don't
want to see too many people end up
overly disappointed. And I think it's
worth passing along what Bradford from
Rebellionaire just heard from a contact
at one of these brokers. A contact at
one of the firms handling allocation
walked us through the actual
instructions they were given. And they
told us flat out this is highly unusual.
They had never seen explicit
instructions like this before. But
here's how it works. First, no
preference based off the size of the
client. firms explicitly cannot give
preference based off of how big the firm
managing the client is. Second, every
raised hand gets at least one share. Any
account that wants to participate that
raises their hand to buy the IPO and has
the cash is supposed to get at least one
share of SpaceX, provided they have the
cash to cover it. one share minimum for
anyone who wants in. That's the floor.
Third, after that, it's pro rata. Once
everybody who wants in has their one
share, the rest gets allocated on a pro
rata basis based on the amount each
account actually requested. Ask for
more, you're in line for proportionally
more, but only after everyone got their
starting share. So there you have it.
Now, of course, it's only one source.
I'm not sure if these rules will be
broadly applied. And even if those were
the instructions given, is each
brokerage going to follow that out to a
tea? And will SpaceX be double-checking
it's executed properly? I think that's
quite unlikely personally. And again,
even if you request a large number of
shares, that does not mean you're going
to get that allocation. Now, having said
that, there are two major things I want
to point out in this video before I go
meet up with some family. For Q1 2026,
SpaceX revenue came in at $4.7 billion.
And SpaceX's net loss came in at just
under $4.3 billion for the quarter. And
if you already saw this on X, feel free
to skip ahead, but the net loss for
SpaceX is dominated by huge investments
in the AI segment, accounting charges
from the XAI merger, and non-cash
charges. So in reality, that number
looks much worse than it is. And I want
to go through this because for me,
before the S1 came out, I was expecting
SpaceX to be a cash burning furnace. But
as it turns out, the SpaceX numbers are
actually much better than I was
expecting. It really is the XAI portion
that is dragging things down materially
and that should be expected as they have
to spend massively to catch up. So in Q1
and I'm going to round here the space
segment had an operating loss of $660
million. The connectivity segment which
is largely Starlink generated $1.2
billion in income and the AI segment XAI
accounted for a $2.5 billion operating
loss. So in total from an operation
standpoint, the loss was $1.9 billion,
meaning $2.4 billion of the Q1 net loss
sits below that operational line. For my
finance nerds, it's things like spending
on AI compute that results in DNA
depreciation and amortization. Things
like R&amp;D for Starship, which came in at
$930 million in Q1 alone. So actually,
Falcon launches themselves inherently
profitable. It's just the launch
business is currently being weighed down
by investment in Starship and of course
the XAI merger brought with it non-cash
charges things like stock-based
compensation. So actually in Q1, if you
look at adjusted IBIDA, it was positive
$1.1 billion. And as we know, that
metric strips out things like DNA, stock
comp, and merger charges. And SpaceX
recently took on a bunch of debt. So
they're paying somewhere in the
neighborhood of $450 million a quarter
in interest expense right now. And once
they raise money and start paying that
down, that will go away. So, we'll
certainly talk about this more in depth
in the future, but for now, I just
wanted to say I was actually quite
encouraged by SpaceX's financials
relative to my expectations going in.
And yes, the AI portion is likely to be
a drag on the business and the spending
is going to increase. But this right
here is exactly why that spend
generating a significant return is
almost a sure thing in this environment.
Amazon's AWS, Amazon Web Services, is
the most profitable business inside
Amazon and one of the most profitable
businesses on Earth. In 2024, it
generated $ 108 billion in revenue at a
37% operating margin, producing around
$40 billion of operating profit, roughly
57% of Amazon's total operating income
on just 18% of its revenue. But this is
clearly a huge capex business. The cloud
business is currently being defined by
one number, capex. Amazon's 2025 capex
came in at just under 132 billion with
roughly 90% going to AWS and the vast
majority of that was AI specific
infrastructure. And as we've already
seen, companies like Anthropic and
OpenAI are willing to throw tens of
billions and hundreds of billions of
dollars at companies that have compute
available. This is the story line at
SpaceX that could very quickly change
the narrative around profitability. So
the big four hyperscalers, Amazon,
Microsoft, Google, and Meta are spending
in the neighborhood of $400 billion
buildouts. And the takeaway here is that
huge spend like this is simply table
stakes to be in the game. Let me say
that again with no distractions. There's
roughly a half a trillion dollars being
spent every year on this AI buildout.
And the demand for this compute still
vastly exceeds the supply. And guys,
what is the biggest constraint? It's
power. At this point, some new data
center locations will have to wait years
to be connected to the grid. So if
SpaceX can successfully bring compute
and power together in these orbital data
centers and dramatically lower the cost
and the timeline to get this compute up
and running, that is going to be a
material differentiator for SpaceX. And
I don't think the question is if they
can make it happen. I think it's simply
a question of when they will make it
happen. And if you haven't picked up on
it yet, this AWS model is the model that
SpaceX is now pursuing with its Colossus
Compute. Both companies are monetizing
this scarce frontier level AI compute.
We just saw the anthropic deal with
SpaceX is now worth about $15 billion
per year when most people are expecting
that to be only somewhere in the
neighborhood of $6 billion per year. And
oh, by the way, that contract with
Anthropic runs through 2029. So it's not
a one-year thing. These companies want
multi-year deals. Now, some meaningful
differences between SpaceX and Amazon.
Amazon, of course, runs AWS to hundreds
of different companies, which requires
sales team and different software and
support and results in a utilization
rate of its cloud infrastructure around
70%. But SpaceX signed one deal with one
company, Anthropic, to rent out all of
Colossus 1, meaning it'll have closer to
a 100% utilization. But in this case,
the SpaceX way is superior. Sure, the
revenue might be lumpier, but you're
going to have faster free cash flow
generation and higher gross margins
because when you're only working with
one, need all of that sales staff. You
don't need all this special software to
make sure every company is getting what
it needs. And of course, the cost
profile of these orbital data centers is
still a huge question mark. But if
SpaceX is successful at driving the cost
down, that really is going to be a
gamecher that no other hyperscaler can
match. And there's really no one that's
going to be able to compete with SpaceX
to deploy these orbital data centers. So
SpaceX is just so incredibly well
positioned for this next phase of AI
growth. And guess what? But SpaceX has
even more optionality here because it
has two internal customers being Grock
and Macrohard. So, Colossus 2 will
largely be training both of those
projects, which means if those go well
and start generating strong returns from
a per GPU standpoint, then SpaceX will
continue to go that route. But if for
whatever reason they don't pan out, then
they can open that compute up to third
parties again. And then we have this
slide from the S1 where SpaceX lays out
the estimated TAM by segment. The
largest by far coming in just under $23
trillion of an addressable market is
enterprise applications. And we know
what the primary driver behind this
massive TAM is for enterprise
applications. And that's Macrohard, also
referred to as digital optimus, the tool
that's going to emulate anything a
computer can do. So, just like we're
going to tell Optimus, here's the
laundry. Please do it. In time, we will
be telling Digital Optimus, here's my
tax information. Go file my taxes. And
this is definitely something we'll be
talking about a lot in the future. But
remember, this macro hard project
started as a joint venture between Tesla
and XAI. And now that XAI has been
swallowed up into SpaceX, it's a joint
venture between SpaceX and Tesla. This
project is a big part of that $2 billion
that Tesla invested into XAI. That sense
has been converted into Tesla owning
some class A shares of SpaceX, but a
very minuscule amount. But there should
be so many questions about what this is
going to mean for Tesla shareholders. We
know that SpaceX will provide the
compute and Grock, which is basically
going to be the orchestrator of what
digital optimus is told to do. And Tesla
will provide inference chips. Think AI4,
AI5 and beyond. They may have special
dedicated server racks at Supercharger
locations or Tesla vehicles might be
able to power digital Optimus in the
future when not in use. And plenty of
the learnings from physical Optimus will
also transfer over to the digital
version. But what we don't know is will
SpaceX be buying AI4 compute from Tesla?
Will Tesla be getting any revenue from
Macrohard in the future? And this may
feel like something that's super far off
right now, but I've been playing with
Aentic AI and I can assure you it's much
closer than you think. And as I've said
in the past, I actually think it's going
to be easier to deploy digital Optimus
than it would be physical. But look,
it's also true. This is why there's a
lawsuit against Elon from people
claiming that he diverted AI talent away
from Tesla into XAI. And that one was
actually created before we have this
ambiguity for this macro hard project.
But publicly most of what we know is
that economically the benefits will
largely flow to SpaceX. So at this point
I'm not ready to throw the flag and say
hey this is a huge problem. I'm just
saying it's something that's going to
need clarification in the future. But
it's a very fair question if Tesla is
providing capital and capability to
enable Macro hard yet most of the
economic benefits of Macro hard fall
under the SpaceX umbrella and there is
no merger then you have to wonder how is
that fair to Tesla shareholders and guys
look this is overlooking so many of the
synergies that will undoubtedly be a
part of this partnership. Any progress
made with macro hard will have real
tangible benefits for physical
optimists, but I just cannot cover
everything in what is supposed to be a
compressed video. So, there will be much
more to come on this topic in the
future. But the main point I want to
drive home here is that the story is not
over. So, let's try to be slow to
criticize Elon for saying that he didn't
come through or that he's screwing over
Tesla shareholders because he's only
focused on SpaceX because his ownership
is so much greater at that company. And
listen, I've said that those are very
fair points. It's just a very nuanced
conversation. And ultimately, it's like
looking at a painting when the painter
is only halfway done. Why would you even
try to make a judgment? Now, yes, if we
have to vote on a merger, then we have
to pick sides at some point, but we're
not there yet. And of course, if that
were to happen, then all of those macro
hard benefits would end up benefiting
Tesla shareholders. And yes, it depends
on the valuations and all of that, but
we'll cross that bridge when and if it
comes. So for today, just know that
SpaceX now being in this AWS compute
rental game is likely to be a lever that
materially changes its path to
profitability, making that happen much
sooner than it would have otherwise.
Now, it's fair to say that they don't
have a ton of compute left to give
because all of Colossus 1 is now
dedicated to Anthropic. And companies
like Cursor and projects like Grock and
Macrohard also need compute to train on
at Colossus 2. But I just want people to
know that the AI segment in SpaceX that
will be spending very heavily right now
is arguably one of the safest and shest
bets that you have in the market right
now. So, it's not like we're betting on
some moonshot breakthrough here. It's
already a proven business model with
demand that will outstrip supply for
years and years to come. So, there
really is so much more to talk about
like Elon's control and what the vote
might look like for a Tesla and SpaceX
merger after the S1. But all things
we'll start getting into next week.
Whimo has decided to pause all freeway
rides across the country as it works on
a software update. still primarily
related to Whimo's driving through
flooded areas. And further, Whimo has
paused the overall service in four
different cities. Whimo admitted it had
not finished developing a final remedy
for avoiding flooded areas when it
issued its software recall last week.
And even after that initial update was
sent, a Whimo still drove into a flood
in Atlanta. So, as of today, it looks
like all freeway rides for Whimo are
paused nationwide and the entire service
is temporarily paused in Atlanta, San
Antonio, Dallas, and Houston. Forum
Mobility, the trucking as a service
company we highlighted recently, said
their flagship charging depot in the
port of Long Beach will be retrofitted
to include ultraast MCS charging. We
expect to have these Tesla Semicmpatible
chargers online by late summer. And a
quick shout out to Brett Adcock and the
Figure team. They just wrapped up what
started as an eight-hour challenge and
ended up running for 200 hours without a
failure sorting through those packages.
And as you'll see, they did just under
250,000 packages. So despite some of the
minor controversy that happened during
this testing, I think it's awesome that
Figure was willing to do this so
publicly. You guys know I've been
skeptical of Figure and Brett in the
past, but I have to admit this earned
some points for them in my book for
sure, but I really do need to start
editing this video before my family
starts wondering where I'm at. So, don't
forget, check out the Plaude Note Pin S
linked below. I really have been
enjoying it and it will be a tool that I
use almost daily. Hope you all have an
awesome and a safe weekend and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.