Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Optimus Is Real And Tesla Just Proved It
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NmPFqzzPBI
Published:   2026-04-25 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-25 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was a whole bunch of big news in
Tesla world. The earnings report came
out. We got to see a lot of the uh
revenue. We got to see a lot of the
plans. Yes, Optimus is still happening.
Yes, the terra fab is still happening.
Uh but a lot of things are happening and
a lot of big things happen even bigger
in Texas. That's why we're going to talk
about the Texas Gigafactory in Austin.
And if we're going to do that, we'd be
crazy not to have on Joe Temer, our eye
in the sky. Uh he's got a great channel.
He does all the drone footage. I'm sure
you all know that by now. Let's get into
it. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Joe, you uh I love the question that
you had to answer many years ago. When
the factory is done, what are you going
to cover?
&gt;&gt; Nothing. I mean, they finished that
years ago. They never had anything else.
I mean, geez.
And the reality is I tried to explain to
people that until they run out of land,
there's something to cover. They're
going to keep building. And even in
Fremont, where they're out of land,
there's still stuff going on fairly
regularly. You probably couldn't get
two, three videos a week out of it, but
weekly videos still show new
developments.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's funny. One of the
the Tesla infrastructure guy was trying
to figure out what should they name
Tesla construction whatever and I said
never ending.
&gt;&gt; I think that's already taken by my
state's uh highway program.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, there was a sign I saw the
other day that said construction next 10
I think years or was it miles? Might
have been might have been miles now that
I think about it. So uh this video of
yours just dropped. Uh this is, as you
know, I don't show the videos
themselves. I show stills as best I can.
&gt;&gt; So this is uh to the far north of the
site. What am I looking at here?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is uh a new construction
project. It's one of the four major
construction projects going on at Giga
Texas right now. And uh this was
permitted as the north campus. And I had
heard that this was going to be the
Optimus factory, the 10 million per year
run rate. uh at least the goal optimist
factory. Um but on the uh financial
results meeting on Wednesday, they
finally confirmed without a doubt that
this is in fact that Optimus factory and
it is under a lot of construction right
now with uh preparing for the
foundation. And uh this is about if you
measure out the the size it's about 2
million square feet just the ground slab
alone. Who knows what the uh number of
floors are going to be and and all that.
But uh right now the major part of the
work is to prepare that foundation, the
ground so they can uh put the footings
in. You can actually see some of them
already uh in place with concrete.
Others have the rebar cages for those
footings. And then sort of in the top uh
left of the screen, you see the uh the
geopers. Those are the uh the equipment
that drill down into the ground. They
put in gravel. They compress it and then
they make those peers that support all
the footings. Uh you can also see
there's this I call it the plus. It's
like a a large excavation right in the
middle of the building. It's lined with
some gravel and uh it's about I don't
know two to three meters uh deep, maybe
four meters deep. So we're talking more
than 10 feet, maybe 15 feet deep. Uh so
it's it's pretty significant. And I've I
haven't seen anything specifically like
this in Giga Texas on its construction,
but we've seen something similar. One
thing that we saw similar is over in the
main factory, the body and white, where
they made I call it the zipper pit, but
it was where they put all the bases for
the um robots that do the body and white
uh welding. Uh I don't know if that's
what this is. This is a different
configuration, but it is something to be
watching and I'm kind of curious to find
out what it is. But uh all of this is in
preparation for that new factory. And uh
it's located maybe half a mile north of
the um Cortex 2, which is where the
training uh for the uh Optimus robot
will be taking place. And in between
this foundation and Cortex 2, there's a
large um field. And uh you can kind of
see that. Anyway, you can see it right
there at the top left. There's like a
bunch of trees. You see that mound, all
that? That area could eventually be
reclaimed and they could extend this
building farther. So, I don't know if
we're seeing a phase one, phase two. Uh
yeah, you can see on the right hand side
of the screen here. Um because the north
part of this foundation has got that
diamond shaped edges that we've seen
with the main factory, the south end
does not, but then you have this huge
field. So I'm thinking they may phase
it.
&gt;&gt; Well, and that would not be out of
character for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; And yeah, on that zipper pit I was
calling it I don't remember scalloped or
serrated or something, but we all had
our own little fun things. So to those
saying uh Optimus, you know, is maybe 10
years out, I think this is a reasonable
evidence that that conclusion is
mistaken.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the based of the the the state
of the construction now, the pace that
they're going and what I've seen with
other construction on this site is I'd
say they are on pace of 18 months to 20
months before they can maybe have it
done so they can start initial work. So,
uh, we're looking well into 2027, but,
uh, you know, things take time, and it's
really great to see that this level of
effort is happening on this one of four
major construction projects going on at
the site right now.
&gt;&gt; Also worth noting that is roughly in
line with the timing of Samsung's chip
fab for AI5.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; it feels like the pace is correct. So,
this big field here, uh, just being used
for transit.
&gt;&gt; Uh, well, some transit. On the right
hand side of the screen is where they've
been bringing a lot of tree debris from
three of the other construction sites
and then they mulch it down and they get
rid of it. And at the south end, it used
to be a rental equipment lot, but it it
appears to me based on my latest flight
that they are converting it into um some
storage. a another one of the diesel uh
refilling generation stations and they
brought some trailers up. So, one of the
things that's happening here at Giga
Texas is they're preparing another
construction site for the Advanced
Technology Fab, which we'll get to in a
moment. But to do that, they have to
move a lot of material, a lot of
trailers, a lot of equipment, and that's
being moved all over the site. And this
is one of the locations that some of
that material is being relocated to.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. All right. So then we head a
little bit south. We can just see some
uh another pond being filled.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; This site was an old sand and gravel
Corey.
&gt;&gt; And apparently Martin Marietta, I think,
owned it at one point.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And they were supposed to do site
remediation upon
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; completion. And they must have forgotten
or gotten busy or something. Uh so kudos
to Tesla for getting the discount to
take on that monumental task,
&gt;&gt; you know, and it's not just construction
and reclamation of the land that Tesla
is doing because I I hear some people,
you know, say, well, they're just
building stuff. They're ruining a
pristine landscape is no, they're not.
They're they're taking an abandoned sand
and gravel mine. They're doing a lot of
improvements and they are also uh adding
on and we'll see that more over time uh
bringing the ecological part back. So
they are restoring the land in addition
to doing construction and had Tesla not
been here it would just be this
wasteland.
&gt;&gt; Yes. With vast amounts of uh spoil
concrete uh just dumped. Uh very
unfortunate.
&gt;&gt; Uh so here we can see they're uh chewing
up uh some old material. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What are they doing? Just uh sorting by
uh by material and getting rid of it
&gt;&gt; pretty much. Yeah. This is uh this is
one of several like old dump sites of
just anything. A lot of concrete, a lot
of other materials. And they brought
this company in to sort through it, uh
to crush down the concrete. Uh there's a
lot of rebar that they're getting out of
that. So that's for recycling. And then
there's a lot of materials that are also
coming out. So, they're sorting it
around and then they're using this as
part of their construction. We see a lot
of the crushed up concrete being used up
at that Optimus factory where they're
lining those excavation pits. And we've
also seen it being used in other places,
too. So, it's not only cleaning up
debris, which is a good thing. It's uh
being used for construction, which is
also good. And it's by the nature of
cleaning up stuff, it's freeing more
land for even more construction. All all
valid points. All right. So, what are we
working on here just east of the of the
cathode building?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is another part of the sand
and gravel mine. It was a lot of hills,
valleys, uh ponds, and just wasteland.
Uh to the right, that green kind of uh
pond, that's a fil filtration pond that
was added in by tech by Giga Texas maybe
two years ago in conjunction with
building the uh crash test facility,
which you can see. and the battery
cathode plant. But now they are filling
all this in and it's part of extending
River Road which starts at the far
southwest of the site near where the
test track is, which we'll talk about
later. It works its way all along the
south part of the factory and then along
the Colorado River to this location
where it'll be extended all the way up
into that I call it the lone tree field.
That's where they were doing the
mulching of all the trees. And this is
going to be a primary connecting road
for everything on the east and north
side of Giga Texas.
&gt;&gt; Very cool. And by the way, for those
unaware, uh whether it's tomorrow or the
next day, there is a part two to this
video where we will be talking all
things cyber cab. Very exciting stuff.
But for right now, over at the crash
crash site, we've seen some subtle
changes in this over time. Uh anything
exciting going on here?
&gt;&gt; Um well, a couple of things. One, you
can see that the refreshed semi is here.
That's the first one that I've seen at
Giga Texas. Uh, for some reason it was
brought here. It's moved at least once
because it's changed directions, but
what they're doing with it, I'm not
really sure. Um, they've also been doing
a they've been doing a ton of cyber cab
crash testing. And this is this is
actually important because not only are
they making sure that the vehicle is
safe for passengers and all that, which
is clearly important, but this goes more
to the heart of a question that people
have had about cyber cabs, and that is,
are they going to be limited to 2500 or
not? Are they going to be able to deploy
them or not or whatever? And what what
Tesla is doing is that they're going
through the process of doing all the
crash testing so they have the data so
that they can certify it as a actual
vehicle, not a prototype or a uh test
vehicle or or anything like that. And
because of that and because of all the
work that they're doing here at the
crash testing facility at Giga Texas and
also more out at Fremont is that they
are able to deploy the fleet as fast as
they can build. And they're not limited
by a number. And this facility is a
critical part of that.
&gt;&gt; And another way they could class it
according to one VIN sticker I saw is
just call it a Model Y. Uh that was
whatever. Got to have a sticker. It's
the one we had handy. All right, cathode
building. So, what's going on? Uh, this
is next to the cathode building. We've
got this uh little facility here. It's
probably probably no big deal, but uh
what's going on with this little looks
warm to me,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Could be anything.
&gt;&gt; It could be anything. But, uh, in fact,
for the longest time, you know, people
were were questioning me when I said
this is going to be Cortex 2. No, it's
not. What? You know, they've already got
a data center. I'm like, trust me, this
is going to be one. And uh another
&gt;&gt; So you found the permits first.
&gt;&gt; I did.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I did. And uh uh over the last year or
so, we've been seeing this go from uh
what used to be a concrete plant where
they would manufacture concrete here to
removing all that and then building this
in. And we've also saw from the original
permits to now a lot of structural
changes and planning changes. So it it
indicates that all the way up until
groundbreaking, they were still changing
their mind what they wanted. But uh but
now we have this it's Cortex 2. It's an
AI data center. It's twice the size uh
and capacity as Cortex one on the south
end of the main factory which was also
added on. And this one u is another way
of thinking about this is Optimus
University. This is where Optimus learns
how to do things. So they'll do all the
training, the data collection and and
more to make sure that Optimus can work.
And it's really important for this
factory to be or this plant to be up and
running and doing all that training
because of the work that they're doing
out of Fremont to change the SNX lines
into Optimus the the the first
production facility which Tesla said is
probably going to start producing maybe
this fall, let's say. So they have to
have the brain uh trained. So, um, we
also learned in that meeting that, uh,
and it confirms what I've been saying is
that this is already partially
operational. They're using it for
training already. Um, in the left hand
side of the screen, you can see the tall
tower with the six fans. That's
operational and it's augmented by the
trailer cooling units. Uh, so they're
using that with the installed computers
to do the training. And on the other
side of the factory,
&gt;&gt; we'll get we'll get around to the other
side. All right.
&gt;&gt; I wanted to run a theory by you based on
those uh carbon fiber uh scaffolding. I
think, and correct me if I'm wrong, what
they're building here is a Windows 95
screen saver tube so that they can see
how fast uh Cortex 2 is running.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Pretty sure that's it. So, if we look at
the cooling towers, we'll see six. One
of them is one or two of them are in
motion right now. This is the same
number that they have on the other side
for Cortex one. And like you pointed
out, whole bunch of trailer uh heat
exchangers
&gt;&gt; there all piped in presumably working. A
handful of mega packs here.
&gt;&gt; But as we get around to the other side,
what is right here?
&gt;&gt; Oh, a little blurry. Is right here. What
are all these white things, Joe? These
are more mega packs that uh are in
addition to the two other mega pack
sites that are here at at Giga Texas.
And this is only half of what they will
eventually have. You can see in the end
at the be at the top of the screen where
the crane is, they're preparing for more
of them. And when this is all said and
done, Cortex 2 by itself should have
about 260 mega packs and then there's
another 140 on site. So they're going to
have 400 megaps give or take here at
Giga Texas when everything is installed.
And this is important uh primarily
because of the fluctuations of the grid
and how the computers are operational.
They need to have a kind of a clean uh
power source and the mega packs help
with those fluctuations to make sure
that they're not uh blowing out the grid
and that the computers are getting the
power that they need.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And every one of these is
like 3.9 megawws. These are the uh 2XL
mega pack 2XL.
&gt;&gt; It's a whole whole lot of juice there.
Uh I like
&gt;&gt; real quick. You can see the green items.
Those are transformers. Uh when we were
over by the crash test facility earlier
in the video, you could see more of
them. Those are going to be installed
here. And then there's even more of
them. There's about 200 more on the west
side. The reason why I'm pointing that
out is that I saw a recent study that
they're looking at all of the AI data
centers that are being planned for the
United States and there's a lot of them
and the power of generation is and the
requirements are are tremendous. But one
of the things that is responsible for
slowing down at least half of those AI
data centers are transformers. And Tesla
several years ago predicted that that
was going to be happening. And over the
last several years, they've been
collecting transformers and they have a
huge stockpile on site so that they are
not running into bottlenecks building
out all of their power systems and mega
packs and and I think I mean that's sort
of underappreciated, but that vision
that Tesla has had getting ahead of the
curve and making sure that they have all
the equipment they need when they need
it kind of separates them from what a
lot of other countries companies are
doing.
Elon and his team have been very adept
at seeing what's just over the horizon
and planning accordingly.
&gt;&gt; I did notice that just off to the left
of the screen here is a road that looks
like I paved it.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it was me. They had me out
there. I was trying to use the drone. I
couldn't go straight.
&gt;&gt; It happens to the best of us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What I would say is that is a ca a
classic case of mud mitigation since mud
is huge here right now.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Up at the uh north
east side up kind of by the highway.
We've got the uh the substation there.
Mega packs behind it.
&gt;&gt; Nothing too exciting going on. We've got
uh this is an extension of the paint
shop I'm assuming. Oh no, the cast. This
is all for venting on the
&gt;&gt; This is all for the casting. Yes. for
the environment because of all of the
heat and oil and other stuff that gets
into the air. So, that cleans it out.
And at the bottom right is the melt
center where they recycle a lot of
aluminum to make the castings.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And then we get down, let's talk
over here. Maybe maybe
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right
&gt;&gt; here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right there.
&gt;&gt; Because this used to be all storage,
&gt;&gt; correct?
Yeah. back in when Giga Texas first
started. This was trees, hills, and it
was actually linear parts of that sand
and gravel mining. And it has over time
uh become a uh staging yard. It's been
where all the contractor trailers were
uh as they were building out rest of the
the factory. A lot of materials. It's
just been like a a jumble area. But uh
with the announcement of the advanced
technology chip fab which is sort of a
research research and development
facility that is a joint venture between
SpaceX I guess that's now SpaceX and
Tesla and it's about $3 billion that
they're going to be putting in for this
facility and and as big as and as
expensive as it is that is not the terra
fab that we hear about that's going to
be built somewhere else and it's going
to be much much larger than this. But
this one right now, at least from what I
could tell with the footprint that
they're building, is also going to be
somewhere maybe around 2 million square
ft at least just for the foundation. Uh
it depends really on on where they
build, but uh what they're in the
process of doing right now is moving
everything. This is a old uh concrete uh
truck maintenance facility. You can see
that there was probably some
contamination on the ground, so they're
doing remediation on that right now. Uh
they're also removing that big hill off
to the right and other structures. Um
and then through this one, uh well,
yeah, you can kind of see in the
distance there's drilling rigs all over
the place. Those are
&gt;&gt; they're soil sample or testing rigs and
they're verifying what the soil is in
the whole area so that they can know
what the support structure is needed for
the foundation. And uh this is it's
interesting because they are using more
six or more of these all at one time
which is a lot and that just shows you
the priority is extremely high to get
the data that they need so they can
build con you know get ready on that
construction and uh you can also see how
a lot of it is now cleared out. There's
still more to be done, but you know,
this is uh important to get all this
done, get the soil sampling done, and
then move right into doing the whatever
geop and other reclamation work that
they need so they can build that. So,
this is coming along really, really
fast. And I mentioned earlier that that
they're putting stuff all over the site
and it's all coming from here as they're
scrambling to get this cleaned out.
&gt;&gt; And worth noting Tesla has used Geopers
extensively on this. Those are the ones
you mentioned where they dig a hole,
they bore a hole, and they drop gravel
in it, and the gravel's compacted as it
goes, so it reaches out into the
surrounding soil like like fingers to
hold on.
&gt;&gt; But Tesla's not afraid to use any kind
of of foundation. In Berlin, they used
floating raft foundations so that they
wouldn't puncture the the water table.
Um, they'll do whatever is needed. Here
we've got River Road, which you
mentioned earlier, which stretches off
all the way past the bridge here, all
the way over to the farm tomarket road.
&gt;&gt; And is this where we're expecting to see
the uh Fab Lab?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was interesting. They they gave
us a rendering, which is awesome.
They're very they've been very uh I
don't know, not very good at giving us
renders for Giga Texas. They've been hit
or miss over the last almost six years.
But they gave us one which is really
cool. We get an idea of the the size and
shape of it. It's similar in the shape
of Giga Texas itself, the main factory.
But what's interesting is that um the um
the rendering uh shows those tree lines
and it shows the multiart uh level
parking garage and it shows the road,
but it also shows the building more
offset to the south. And as we are
seeing the construction, there's a large
pond that they're putting in. And that's
uh you know, that's that big dirt and
muddy part in the middle.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; Because of that, I don't think they're
putting in walls to define it. And I
don't think that the the way the render
showed is that the building's going to
be this far south. So, I think it's
going to be pushed a little bit farther
to the north. and it'll basically be
where we are on the drone and the road
below us and the tree line and then
moving to the north. So,
&gt;&gt; well, it's it's important to keep your
chips next to your dip. So, got the pond
&gt;&gt; and that all works. And then as we head
over, let's see the parking garage. So,
so nice and big. uh never seems
&gt;&gt; on that between the stained main factory
and the unstained parking garage when
they're wet because uh and and that was
something that it was great when they
stained the building because it looks so
much better when it's when it gets you
when it's dry. When it's wet it looks n
&gt;&gt; we can see all six of the heat
exchangers the cooling towers are in
motion. Uh as we cross, worth noting for
those who are unaware, all of this is
Giga Texas, but all of this is as well
&gt;&gt; uh to the west of the highway of the
toll road.
&gt;&gt; Uh what's going on here? What's this
little guy?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, this is another one of
those projects that I have been aware of
for quite some time. Uh but it's now
starting to materialize. Um where it was
going to be has moved around a lot on
the site. Uh originally it was going to
be north of the battery cathode plant.
Then it was going to be in the lone tree
field and then now it's on the far
southwest.
And uh you know it looks like this is a
a track that has uh it's like a nested
track. You have a large almost oval and
then you have a smaller oval and then
you have a smaller even kind of pad with
chicanees and then turnarounds on either
end. So, um, you know, it it's not like
Fremont at all. Um, but it gives a lot
more options as far as testing and
training. And right now, you can
probably see all the water on there
because of all the rain that we're we're
having. And you can also see the pipes.
Uh, they are actively doing trenching
and installing those pipes for water
management because you can see just how
how flooded this can be in the rain. So,
um, they've also put that, uh, kind of
spray oil mix where the the driving
surfaces will be so it really stands
out. Um, but hopefully they'll get all
the irrigation done and then we'll start
seeing paving pretty soon.
&gt;&gt; I tell you, I was so excited to see the
start of construction on the Optimus
area and the and then I check your video
a few weeks back, couple weeks ago, and
you're like, well, it's pouring. There's
What are they going to do? Dig mud
holes,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not much you can do there. And
some other angles of the track. Here's a
nice wide shot of it.
&gt;&gt; So you can see what you're talking about
with the inner, the outer, and the and
the Yeah, there's the chicanees. So
that's all there. That'll give you a
variety. I know a lot of us were hoping
to see some Cyber Truck obstacles, but
who knows? Those could still be coming.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, where they have the
ponds in the green belt in the in the
kind of infield, it it's still looking
like maybe they'll do something with it.
My vote is to have it as a cyber truck
off-road testing track.
&gt;&gt; If you take delivery at the factory,
maybe you can go out. That would be
&gt;&gt; why not
&gt;&gt; wonderful. All this uh storage and this
looks like a lot of the stuff that we'd
seen before in the area that was just
cleared. Um, and you can see a lot of
this stuff might be junk at this point,
but
&gt;&gt; there's two big things on the on that
site. uh be aware of at the bottom of
the screen. That kind of rounded white
topped structure is a supercharger uh
workshop and they are taking in lots of
materials and they're assembling the pre
the prefab kind of uh superchargers that
they can put on a truck and then take
them and and deploy them really really
quickly. And they're making far more
than is needed for Giga Texas. So
they're clearly leaving the site. So uh
that's kind of neat to see. And then um
on the top
&gt;&gt; right here, right here at the bottom,
we've got all these um I assume these
are headstones for Legacy Auto.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, that could be it. Or they could
be headstones for the original building
and the windows now are no longer
needed.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that that makes sense, too. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're backups. I get it. I see
what you mean.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then uh we've got not much more
to cover. This is uh some employee some
outbound lot. We're going to go into
CyberCap quite a bit more tomorrow. Joe
has uniquely been permitted to see the
inside, to see the actual unboxed
assembly line. And there are some things
that you were able to learn uh that you
could not share that have since been
published and now you can share.
&gt;&gt; So, that is exciting. And uh because
we're such good friends, he told me,
"All the secrets will be known in time."
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But I'm not telling you nothing
because I was because I was in the
military and I know how to keep a
secret. So, and then uh but the the big
thing is they still have the original
test track. There it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's actually the sporting lane.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. The little one.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. That one. Yeah. For the kids.
Yes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I have I have actually driven on it
and I had a competition with the casting
lead and I beat him
&gt;&gt; hasn't been invited back to casting.
Joe, you got to learn the politics of
it. Is there anything we're missing?
&gt;&gt; Well, here on this real quick, you can
see the kind of the gray canopies. Those
have just been added. That's part of the
direct delivery center. And it it's
really nice because now your car when
you come to pick it up is shaded and out
of the rain. So, it's a it's a nice
little addition, at least for now until
they build
&gt;&gt; the welcome center and a lot more, which
will be just on the other side of uh
this picture behind us.
&gt;&gt; I'm looking forward to that, especially
when there's shareholder meetings or a
big event that not everyone can get
into. Hey, charge me 40 bucks if you
want to create a the Tesla experience
and I'll I'll pay that, man. uh just you
know give me
&gt;&gt; what's really cool for future events is
they have a test track now we can go
drive on
&gt;&gt; that that so I'm wondering if they're
going to say when we get a roadster
update they're going to say this is
where it's going to be when the track is
done
&gt;&gt; well it's supposed to fly so it's
perfect
&gt;&gt; might need to get some uh some special
clearance
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; oh that would be wild and you're saying
the experience center is going to be
somewhere up in this area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. See those two white tents in the
middle right of the screen just to the
right there's a big field all in that
area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Will be fantastic. Is there
anything I'm missing from the site that
we should be discussing?
&gt;&gt; Um let's see.
&gt;&gt; I do have a question about the interior.
Uh did they not have enough room in the
factory to build some Optimus there?
&gt;&gt; No, it's not that is not the plan.
That's not what they're going to do.
They're going to be building that new
facility. I was it was a sneaky way to
try and get you to tell me how much
unused space there is inside.
&gt;&gt; There is still some space available
depending on what they want to do. Um
you know and when we talked last time
about the production line I won't go
into too much but one of the things I
told you about is that the Model Y and
the Cybert trucks use something called a
body bank which is they build bodies and
they have them in storage until they are
needed and that takes up a lot of space.
Uh the cyber cabs don't do that. So
there's a lot of space around the
cybercap production area that could be
further expanded uh because they don't
have to have this big inventory of
bodies just sitting there. Well, that's
great and we will cover that more
extensively on our second video which is
going to be all about CyberCap. Guys, uh
big thanks to Joe for coming and uh
sharing the wisdom. I mean it's on his
channel. You could follow it there too,
but here I get to ask my questions and I
think that's fun. So guys, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below and uh head on
over to Joe's channel, check it out.
Even if uh you check it out recently,
you probably haven't seen the latest
one. There's always so much to cover.
And everybody else, uh like, subscribe,
do what you do, and stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots when Giga Texas is
done.