Channel:     futureaza
Title:       TSLA Earnings - There are some... questions w/
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQls7PspWBY
Published:   2026-07-24 14:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-25 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I need to make
Joe work for this. Joe, uh Joe the
Press, we got Matthew DR and Brian
Futurza along with myself. Um what what
an insane week. Um and hopefully, who
knows, maybe we'll get a rocket launch
today. Uh we had the earnings call on
Wednesday. Uh quick shout out to Insta
360. The Link 2C is an amazing portable
camera uh that really just allows you to
be on the go, lightweight, but also
replace some expensive cameras with um
high quality um you know, footage as you
can see with Brian and Joe who's always
looking amazing. Um but with that said,
let's just take a quick look at the
stock which has just been um getting
nuked over the past week. So, uh I think
since our last call,
um Tesla stock is down about 20% and
SpaceX stock is down about almost 10%.
So, um yeah, huge week. Um and we are
going to just quickly get into that. Um,
but yeah, I would love to whoever would
like to take um a shot and kind of just
give your overall thoughts, anything
that stuck out to you, concerns, maybe
even potentially going into why the
market reacted the way it did. Um, but
who who wants to go first?
&gt;&gt; I'd like Matthew to go first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not an expert. I can jump in.
I mean, I think the the the the biggest
thing causing the downflow is the
increase in capex as well as the
projection that capex will not decrease.
So I think that's something that most of
us who are invested in Tesla for the
long term and we want Tesla to invest in
the future businesses uh are prepared
for where as you know a lot of your your
regular uh investors maybe that scares
them a little. We saw a similar thing
happen with Google. Obviously, not to
the same extent, but you know, they're
making larger investment in capex and
they they dropped uh you know, at a
about half as much as we did, but still
probably their biggest one day drop in
in several years. Um so, you know,
that's that doesn't scare me. What what
wasn't ideal for me is we didn't hear
any very bullish um kind of short-term
improvements in in uh either Cyber Cab,
Robo Taxi, or Optimus. So I would have
liked to liked to seen you know
something specific um and optimistic on
those products. You know if you looked
at the say questions the number one
asked say question was a pretty brutal
question about what you know why should
investors trust Tesla's shortterm
predictions on robo taxi and Tesla did
not answer that question. So Tesla
preempted the question said we're going
to have a long kind of update on robo
taxi and they gave us the update but
they didn't say why investors should
believe them now which I thought was a
miss and um a mistake you know they
should have said hey things have been
more difficult this is this these are
the issues we ran into this is why we
have slowed down growth instead of the
response was more like hey it's obvious
we're going to grow slowly because we
could injure somebody and that would be
devastating to the expansion. Um so I I
thought that they could have been a
little bit more genuine um with that
response, but I did I did like the total
the total update. So um yeah, the stock
stock certainly dropped far more than I
expected. I imagine we will have a green
day on Monday. You know, it's usually we
get the the three-day rule with with
Tesla news. So, um, you know, uh, people
often ask me about options with Tesla.
I'm not holding any options. Um, if we
if we stay, you know, bright red today,
there's a chance right before close, I I
pick up some one week out or two week
outdated options. Of course, none of
that is uh financial advice, but that's
kind of how how I'm reacting to it.
&gt;&gt; I'm looking at it and seeing uh I saw
all the headlines. I was on driving
while the while the numbers dropped and
while the Q&amp;A happened, but I was
following it all the while and I was
getting updates and the headlines were
breathtakingly negative. When I first
saw the headlines, I thought, "Oh my
gosh, when I see this report, I'm going
to lose it." And I looked at the report
and thought, "That's it. That's what you
guys are so bent out of shape about."
The profit was still a billion dollars.
That's pretty good. Well, yeah, but they
spent more than they the cash flow uh
the cash on hand was negative. Well,
yes. Did you Were you not at the
previous earnings calls when we were
told that capex was going to increase?
AI data centers cost a couple dollars,
you guys. Uh it and they don't generate
money straight away. Uh so you have to
understand that you have to build it
before it can actually do the thing.
We're building a bunch of things all at
once. We've got the Optimus factory.
We've still got uh the Mega Pac uh in uh
Texas being built. That's that's a big
factory. It's a not as expensive as AI
data centers, but it's significant. And
we've got a bunch of cyber cabs that
we've seen them build and we know they
haven't sold.
Do Do you think they used coupons? I
don't know how to how to understand what
the expectations were that were so
brutally missed. Uh I I didn't see all
of the doom and gloom. Oh, they missed
Wall Street's numbers. They No, Tesla
missed. Tesla didn't miss. The Wall
Street analyst missed. That's on them.
How does that become their problem? So,
the whole thing to me is uh a bit
confusing.
And I did have someone, one of my
viewers even say, "At this rate, they're
going to go broke." I go, "Yeah, in like
12 years, you think nothing is going to
change in terms of revenue in 12 years?
That's truly breathtakingly bizarre. But
if you're looking at it, if you need
this money back in 6 months or even six
years, I don't think a growth stock is
where you want to be." Uh, again, not
financial advice. I always look at a
10-year horizon and I don't know it uh
it I haven't sold any h I didn't sell it
at the highs. I didn't sell it at the
recent dip. It's just not what I'm here
for.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that for me
overall I I I see both sides of it,
right? Like I mean yeah people invested
but I mean these are people who got in
recently when they thought it was going
to skyrocket. are I mean people like
Matthew and and you guys are long-term
so it it I'm pretty sure you don't watch
it even daily anyways but for those
people that are
trying to make money you know I mean
like for them it's it's a money grab
it's not really about the company and
that's where I kind of lose interest in
analyst expectations and stuff because
the company the fundamentals of the
companies haven't changed As a matter of
fact, they're doing more right now in
this time than they have ever done in
the history of the company. And they and
things simultaneously that they've never
done. And so I think they got so many
tailwinds that I'm just not even worried
about it. If the company was like
all this was happening and they weren't
doing anything and they weren't moving
forward with with everything they got
going on, then that'd be something. And
it's like, oh yeah, it's still the same
Model S and X and and they didn't
redesign it. And you know what I mean?
Like a couple years ago, you probably
could have said that like LA like year
before last or whatever, but but then
you had Optimus coming online. You knew
that was coming and stuff like that. So
I just don't I don't know. I'm kind of
over analyst expectations I guess
because the fundamentals of the company
are solid and they are moving at a
breakneck speed of pace like they were
saying on the call that no other company
has ever even attempted before besides
what uh like I think he was talking
about Ford and the Model T days but like
even then you compare that time to now I
don't what they have going on I think
it's just unfathomable I I've never I've
never seen a company do half things they
do and then they the switch from being
just a car company to everything that
they're doing right now just that that
uh that pivot for a for a company with
this capex is like insane to me like
they've just become like a whole
different thing. Only thing I can liken
it to is is Amazon from the from the
book days to to what they became. And
that happened over such a gradual period
that I don't think people even noticed.
It was just happening and people were
just like, "Oh, that's happening." But
for Tesla, it's like, "Dude, it's been
like five years. They are a different
company today than they were five years
ago."
&gt;&gt; When I bought Palunteer stock, it was in
some really hype days. I did as much
research as I could. I understood as
well as I could. I paid 25 bucks a
share, really high at the time. And I
watched it slide 71%.
And I considered selling it because this
is I've made a terrible mistake. And I
went back and revisited it and found
that the fundamentals had not changed.
The fundamentals had improved. And if I
liked it at 25, I loved it at seven. And
now, of course, it's at
123. It's down. It has crashed to 123. I
did okay on that. Uh if the fundamentals
haven't changed, what do you care? You
should be happy. Uh unless you planned
to sell it today. And if you had planned
to sell it today, I don't think right
after earnings was a very wise decision.
Uh so if you're looking at it over the
longer term, I've got again a lot of
people on social media, a lot of people
in my YouTube comments saying, "How do
you justify? You keep coming out and
saying that everything's amazing and
then the stock goes down." The stock is
not connected to the fundamentals.
Hasn't been for some time. The only the
fundamentals will determine the future
value. If you go out far enough, uh you
will not have companies don't routinely
trade at plus 300 price to earnings
ratio. That's not reasonable. You are
counting in the growth. So when you see
it dip, it's because the people who are
counting on that future growth have less
confidence in the future growth over the
time period they were expecting and that
of course impacts it. So you need to uh
understand that what I report on is the
execution. Is the factory being built?
Is the product being developed? Can we
see the the things being uh deployed?
And if you watch that and you get
confidence from it, uh then you get to
make your determination of value
accordingly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I um I agree with everything that
was said. Um, I also understand um, you
know, I think I I loved MDR's uh,
opinion about just kind of like what the
market was looking for, but I think this
again goes back to the just the
fundamentals. And here are some of the
key I think signal for the quarter that
people are clearly missing. Um, record
deliveries up 25% year-over-year. record
or not I'm not sure if it's record
revenue but uh 26% growth at 28.24
billion beating consensus by I think
about $3 billion. Um and this was the
first time ever that they had a rolling
12-month 100 billion consecutive revenue
as well. Their services and other
revenue grew 50%.
Um, this is some of the big stuff where
again their signal, right? Um, FSD
subscriptions grew 56% year-over-year,
right? I mean, I think we're also at
that inflection point. I don't know
about how much content you guys consume,
but when I'm on TikTok or Instagram, the
amount of people that are signaling
like, "Hey, look, this car drives me." I
mean, I I've never seen it before. like
we've been driving FSD for all these
years, but we're at that point now where
um the general public is becoming more
and more aware of why you buy a Tesla.
It's because of the full self-driving.
And they actually mentioned that on the
earnings call. Um you know, uh energy
deployment 41% year-over-year, the
second best quarterly figure ever. Um
and then again, Robo Taxi expansion,
they're in what, seven cities now. um
two they launched two more this week
unsupervised Orlando and Tampa. So, at
least for me, like we and and Brian, you
said it like they mentioned that capex
was going to go up, but like and I think
we actually mentioned last week, Tesla
has never been at a greater convergence
of more things happening than ever,
right? Optimus is being built, the
production lines being built, cyber cab
is being mass-produced, unsupervised
uh robo taxi cities are being lit up
along with non, you know, like we have
the Bay Area. Um, you also have the
semi, their first mega ch uh mega
charger launch. I saw it two days ago.
Uh, with six stalls in here in
Bloomington, California. Um, and again,
I could go on, right? It's just this is
not an auto company. I'm not looking for
them to launch a new vehicle that's
going to, you know, send this into, you
know, millions per year, even though
they have, which with the cyber cap, but
I still think that the biggest thing is
the signal is they're launching more
cities. Is it ramping at the rate that I
want to be? No. I would love for it to
be faster, but I know for them safety is
everything. And they're going to know
more on that. I have heard that they've
started having some of their first like
cyber cabs coming into service centers
from accidents. Like literally people
backing into them. So, you're starting
to see that. But all I'm trying to say
is I I 100% agree with people. The
fundamentals have in my opinion never
been stronger. And as I think Joe, you
mentioned earlier, it's not like, you
know, they're trying to squeeze every
dollar to sell more SNX cars. You know
what I mean? They've they literally made
the hard decision to end of life that um
and and invest in something that will
ultimately potentially be the biggest
product ever made. And so um this
company's making moves. Um it it it's
always a huge bummer, especially seeing
such a huge stock movement of like
almost 20% in a week. No one likes that,
right? But at the same time, you have to
look at uh just again the key
fundamentals. And I listed off a bunch
of those things. Um and I think that um
I I'm personally really excited for for
you know the future months. The Model Y
L's coming out. Uh there's a lot going
on right now. Um and I know, you know,
the energy business is expanding.
They're probably going to be launching
more more in more and more cities for
their Power Wall 3. I know they did
Germany a couple weeks back or a month
ago or something like that. So, it's
there's a lot going on. Um, a lot more
deployments coming up on the energy side
and I I'm not following, you know,
people are just, you know, so up in arms
about, you know, what this company is
doing and not doing. You know what I
mean?
What I So, the thing that I have had to
address recently, I had I talked to
someone at the Tesla diner the other day
and they said, "What happens if Optimus
doesn't work?" I said, "Doesn't work in
what way?" They like, "Well, it just
doesn't doesn't do it. They have to
cancel it." I said, "No, no, it's being
built right now. It is a real product
that is really rolling out imminently.
We can see them building the line, and
when the line is built, they will start
selling them." Right. but or or at least
deploying them. Whether they keep them
internally, lease them, sell them,
unclear to me today. He said, "But yeah,
but what if it doesn't work?" I said,
"It does work. It may not do everything.
It may not be your butler. It may not be
your best friend, but it can do things.
And to the companies that need that
thing done, it already works. It's
already a real robot. And it is today
the worst it will ever be. It can only
get better, smarter, more agile, more
nimble, lower cost. So, if you need it
to do absolutely everything, don't buy a
Gen One. That's the That's the takeaway.
The total addressable market is quasi
infinite. It is so big it doesn't matter
if Gen One doesn't work for you or me,
let alone Gen 4. It will eventually do
everything. And if it does enough today,
it is the It is the MVP.
Optimus is the minimum viable product.
Nice.
All right, Joe, do you want to hit the
summer release?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'll go ahead and list off a
few of these because I I put like the
top 10 or whatever, so I'll just go
ahead and read them off. But
this is uh what Summer is planning to
release for your vehicle that just keeps
getting better all the time. So, uh,
number one here we have Grock gets
smarter. It's going to start being able
to make phone calls, search and play
music, adjust to climate, open a glove
box, answer questions about your Tesla,
which is actually pretty cool. Mobile
app upgrades include view and share your
self-driving stats. So, you're going to
have that in the app. Uh, set desire to
arrive energy from your phone. Upload
custom car wraps. No more USB needed.
That's actually pretty cool. Uh, karaoke
fun is uh being upgraded. Now scores
your singing while parked. High score
saved to your Tesla profile. Smarter
navigation. This is uh this I think is
going to be a really big one. Automatic
navigation learns your routines. You
know, school, drop off, whatever, gym.
Prioritizes your preferred past routes.
Like that's going to be a major one
because right now when I come home I go
a certain way but it always routes the
other way. It's freaking weird. Uh
search superchargers by name. So that's
pretty awesome. Uh family features kids
can watch content in the front. Can't
control it. That's uh the rear the rear
display lock. So that's going to be
pretty cool. Other little nice touches.
They added Apple Music songs to cue more
easily.
that preferred Zoom for driving
visualization. So, that's that's a minor
one, but that's still pretty cool.
Browser now supports camera and mic. I
don't even know what that means, but
that's pretty awesome. Uh, new intro
animations for Model 3 and Y. So, for
anybody who's got like a Cybert truck or
the launch series Model Y, you see that
opening animation. The Plaid has it too,
and so does the Beast, but now you're
going to have that on all the vehicles.
Pretty nice.
Yeah, procly working on stuff, man. It's
pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the integration um and well
thankfully like I think going back to
the Optimus, right? You know, they get a
start out with working with, you know,
Grock, but I think our cars obviously
are kind of working backwards because
they're already in the field. But the
more that uh more time goes by, the more
integration we'll have with Grock and at
some point Grock will be like the
assistant that completely guides and
directs the car. I mean, you're see
you're seeing it. So, um I'm loving
seeing this and it'll just make the full
experience that much better. So, um the
all of these things, you know, they're
not the big sexy like, oh, look, you
know, my my car can do, you know, smart
summon. It's not like a big launch like
that, but these are all subtle things
that will play a huge role down the road
in making this an even smarter car.
I will say that 1435, which I got a few
days ago, fixed a lot of navigation
issues for me in town. So, there was
one, you know, a parking lot I go to
four times a week, it would try to enter
through the exit. It no longer does
that. Uh the main bridge through town it
tries to avoid. I think map data was out
of date saying that it was under
construction or it was the old design or
whatever. That's been fixed. And uh and
then of course it drove me around the
back of a building. But uh but it drove
me back around the front again. So
that's fine. It was just a little little
strange.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think the Grock integration is
one of those major things too though.
like people want to be able to ask it
things about the vehicle and talk to it
about about those things. So, that's
pretty cool that they're they're getting
more and more
&gt;&gt; Can you Can you favor the right lane
over the left lane? I don't want to camp
in the left lane. I think Grock will at
some point be able to do that. Can you
pull forward another 10 ft so I can plug
into my charger? I think it'll do that.
All of this is, you know, coming and I
don't and I know people say, "Well, I
want a control that does this now,
right?" But they've almost got the
brilliant one. Why would you want a dumb
one? Why would you want them to stop
working on the brilliant one to work on
the dumb one?
&gt;&gt; Uh, with the changes we have seen over
the three years since I bought my Model
Y, it is a different car today. Uh, I'm
grateful I'm not looking that gift horse
in the mouth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll add it. It's it's just such a
pleasure to constantly see Tesla
improving all aspects of not only their
cars but their business using software.
Um I have an experience yesterday. I I
dropped off my car to get a the low
voltage battery replaced the 12vt. And
so I dropped off the car at 1:00.
Instead of asking for a loaner, I
preemptively booked a a one-hour test
drive because they said it would be
about an hour to replace the battery.
got in a new performance model Y and you
know I I was I took a test drive maybe
two three weeks ago and since then
there's already been some improvements.
So um you know for those of you who
haven't t taken a a recent test drive
when you book an appointment the app
automatically adds this new demo vehicle
to your Tesla app where you can you know
upload your your driver's license. It
will show you where the car is. It will
let you access the car via your phone.
You don't even need the key card. You
can use the key card, but it's not
necessary. Then when you get in the car,
the first thing you see is the um the
MCU shows a tutorial of how to use the
car. So Tesla's now doing remote
self-service test drives. So someone
without talking to a sales rep can book
a car, get in, and the MCU, the screen
will display how you put the car in
drive, how you enable FSD, how you
adjust your mirrors and your seats. So,
it's very intuitive, very easy to use.
Um, for a non non-pre uh Tesla owner,
you know, I went out, ran a couple
errands, I get a popup in my app saying
my my car is complete. Uh, it it
replaced a 12volt battery and my credit
card's been charged. It's like, okay,
that's perfect. I get back, I realized I
uh I had some Tesla credit that I should
have spent instead of my credit card.
So, in the app, I messaged back, hey,
can you refund me so I can pay with my
credit? Within minutes, they refunded
me. And then when I got to my car and
opened it up, I actually couldn't drive
it until I paid. So, like, if you if you
get your car serviced at Tesla, Tesla's
going to collect their money before you
can drive it. And so, I opened up the
app. I applied my credit. And I was I I
wish I had a second phone because I was
really curious. I was like, "How long
after I make the payment will it take
for Tesla to allow my vehicle to to
start driving?" and I hit the tap to pay
and we're talking within like maybe two
seconds my Tesla had updated and let me
drive and I I thought it would take at
least a minute, you know. So, it it just
that level of service and making life so
easy to get your car worked on is is
just a phenomenal experience and it's
great for um you know accounts
receivable. Tesla's not going to have
outstanding bills that they have to
chase people after and you could see a
similar thing happen happening when
Tesla rolls out rentals. you know,
they're adding rentals in different
cars. They're um of course they have
leases through banks, but um Tesla
Financial also can can own can keep the
the contract, right, and lease
themselves and oh, you miss a payment on
your Tesla, no problem. Just make your
payment, then you can drive your car
again, but they can completely eliminate
the need to chase people down for
payment, which is uh you know, great for
great for owners of the company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the the I I mean like I said I
think uh we we talk a lot about this but
today will be the worst that your car
ever will be especially if even if you
have hardware for right because you know
that's kind of obviously the the
bleeding edge but really any of your
Teslas even if it's you know 2018 Model
3 um and you know again Matthew you just
talked about how how quick um you know
the the the reaction is when you do
something simple like paying and But the
integration like our our car is
software. That's what it is at the end
of the day. Every little um aspect of it
um you know can be controlled through
through software. Um I I think you
talked to a company called um called
Plug ex Tesla employee who used to run
the uh used Teslas um for Tesla uh went
and started a company that literally
will give you pretty much an offer sight
unseen kind of like um you know just
those cash offers. But long story short
he you know your car can pretty much if
they get the VIN they can literally run
you know a check off the software and
they get all of the key information that
they need. Now, if you have a little
scrape on the front, I mean, it may not
factor some of those things in, but as
long as the core things of like the
battery, the the the functionality of
car all are good, that that's all that
really matters. Um, but yeah, the the
the integration with the software and
the car is just only going to get
better, especially with Grock. Um, you
know, the time is going to be coming
where it's like all of the stuff that
Brian was mentioning. Hey, I want to
move up 10 feet. Hey, you know, um, you
know, let's go to McDonald's, but park
away from anyone that is parking next to
me cuz I don't want my car dinged. Um,
you know, all of those things, uh, you
you'll be able to experience in the in
the coming future. And, you know, Grock
is is going to be the unlock to a lot of
that. Um, and we are seeing it happen,
right? Um and with that said, right, all
that connectivity, um being connected,
you know, even if the power goes out, um
whatever it may be, you know, they in
the Tesla service center, um or not in
the Tesla Santana Row, um store that
they're actually they just launched this
week, um at 3 p.m. If you're in the Bay
Area, we're going to have a meet up
happening at 3 p.m. Santana Row, but
they actually had images inside of the
actual
um store where it showed the integration
of the Starlink in the back um or really
the trunk of the start of the Cyber Cab
um just to show that you know you you'll
be pretty much connected at every single
point and there's no um you know
cellular coverage will not stop even if
the p there's a power outage there won't
be an issue. Um, so just to see see that
they integrated that. I remember we saw
some of these cyber cabs just with like
you know the white Starlink on the back
bolted on and then next thing you know
when by the time they got to the
production model it was literally
integrated in. So and no one like with
the production ones you just assumed it
was but you know this I think this past
week was the first time with those
images that were in the store
&gt;&gt; was the first time that they had
actually officially confirmed that. I
mean, correct me if I'm wrong, guys, but
um yeah, this is huge um for them. Um
there's not going to be an outage spot.
Um maybe if you're under a parking
garage, but at that point, you probably
can use, you know, cellular coverage as
the other option. Um but with that said,
um seeing Starlink and the Cyber Cab
married together is, uh really going to
set up an autonomous future for sure.
&gt;&gt; For sure.
I would point out that uh in November we
got to see the wiring harness at the
shareholder meeting. We got to walk
through a very limited part of the
factory, see a little bit of Cybertruck
uh the line and then see some exhibits
basically of what the Cyber Cab was and
it was not wired for that at that time
from what we could tell which means that
in the last few months they've made a
big directional shift in the comms and
they're now building them. uh change
that big uh is prohibitively challenging
for most manufacturers. Tesla not so
much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the man the way they make these
moves it's on the fly is pretty crazy.
&gt;&gt; Roboaxi is in the zone. Joe, you want to
hit this one? Tesla has received zoning
approval for the new robo taxi charging
facility in San Antonio, Texas with 56
charging stalls for autonomous cabs. So,
uh, Brian, does this mean
wireless?
&gt;&gt; So, we're not entirely sure, but we know
that this is a dedicated facility. to me
it says that yes it is wireless but I
haven't I don't know anyone who could
leak that to me unfortunately and uh I
don't report leaks un you know single
source rumor but uh I don't do single
source rumors so I would say that but to
me it means it must be it must be
because if it wasn't we'd be seeing a
redesign of the charge report because
the charge port is not ergonomic it is
not OSHA friendly it's not even wear and
tear friendly
What do you mean? Way at the bottom
bumper. What do you mean? That's
&gt;&gt; Come on. What? It's great.
&gt;&gt; Just have to get on your knees,
slightly, and plug it in. It's like
super easy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the angle's weird. It's just
terrible. It's a backup. So, I to me
this means they they are getting it. It
was only in April that the FCC, yes, the
FCC approved uh the ultra wideband
placement antennas that allow the
vehicle to park precisely over the pad,
which is critical to getting the high
90% efficiency. So, to me, this means
yeah, we're we're going to see it. We
you you and I may not see it. It may not
be in a place where it's visible, but it
will be there.
Yeah, you need a lift or something to to
be able to see it.
Um, this was a post that I did earlier
this week. Um, but again, it's just um I
I think uh Elon's made several comments
about just uh how the body is just next
level and um really I think building a
robot has really just given him a a huge
appreciation for the human body. And
most robot companies that I've seen, you
know, they'll they'll pick like three
fingers, two fingers sometimes to pick
things up.
But really, I think what you're seeing
with Tesla and really the change with
Optimus 3 hand is just um all of the
dexterity and flexibility of the hand.
Um and that full motion is is just
something that they're trying to build
out. So um yeah, I don't know. One of
their engineers, it won't even look like
a robot. It will uh look like a human in
a superhero suit. It will be something
revolutionary. So again, it's just uh
one of those things where Tesla is just
really um you know going to push the the
engineering limits here.
One of the most bullish things that I
that I've realized that's a signal to me
for for Optimus 3 is how tight they are
being with the non-leaks and the little
information they're giving which means
it's going to be something
because they could usually something
would leak but man they are being tight
to the vest with everything on Optimus.
Yeah, I think that's because as Elon
said, uh more than more than just let's
say the Y L coming out or you know maybe
even if they had like uh you know a
cyber SUV running around uh what's
happening with Optimus because it will
be the the largest product ever is that
people will then literally copy the
videos and make and program their v
their Optimuses or their robots to do
similar things to showcase it to kind of
like hype their stock or their their
company's valuation.
Um, and so it makes sense that they're,
you know, very secretive about this.
&gt;&gt; All right. Looks like, uh, Cyber Cab was
being hauled by a semi in the wild. Um,
so the the future of trucking, towing,
the future of automotive. Um, so that
was that was that was pretty pretty cool
to see.
All right, Joe, tell us about Canada.
&gt;&gt; Oh, Canada.
So, it says here that the Model Y sales
nearly doubled in Q6, I mean Q2 of 2026,
rising 98%. Tesla delivered an estimated
uh almost 6,000 vehicles, up 28%
year-over-year in the first half of
Model Y. Model Y is just like crazy. But
not to be outdone, the Cybertruck
delivery surged 116%.
So yeah, Canada loves its uh Teslas.
Pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you're starting to see
again, this is probably going to be
another year where the Model Y is the
bestselling car. Um it's really just
taking taking over. And then obviously
with the fact that Elon has not been
part of the the current administration,
you see a I mean people have short-term
memories and um a lot of that drama has
has gone away.
Very true. Very true. And I tried to
tell people if Dieselgate didn't bring
down Volkswagen, people can forgive and
forget on a number of things that they
hold dear. Uh
&gt;&gt; man, I talked to somebody yesterday who
had no idea what Dieselgate was. I was
like, "Are you joking? That's why we
have electrify America." They were like,
"What? Really? What are you?" Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; And even even Elon said himself in that
uh interview the other day, which is
conveniently behind a very thick pay
wall, that he went too far, that he was
that he made a mistake and he should and
he would have done things differently if
he knew how it was going to come turn
out. Uh politics is ugly. It's messy.
And no matter how virtuous you believe
you are, there will be a lot of people
who believe you are not. And maybe
they're right, maybe they're wrong. It
doesn't matter. They're going to hate
you. You specifically, dear viewer, it's
you they hate.
&gt;&gt; Facts. Yeah. I mean, I there's a lot of
I I have not seen the full interview. I
saw a lot of snippets out of that, but
uh I was talking to Joe before pre-show.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
It's true. He was talking to me pretty.
&gt;&gt; He has no idea he froze. He's probably
still talking.
&gt;&gt; While we wait for John to come back,
I'll just mention. So, um I not on
purpose, but I was on YouTube and the
the Elon the full, you know, hour and a
half long economist interview popped up.
I I thought it was from the Economist
channel. It was obviously somebody who
had done a a screen grab and and
reposted it. So, I watched the whole
thing this morning. I thought it was a
you you know a very um very insightful
interview. You know it was he was
challenged. He uh unlike some of the
previous long interviews he he wasn't um
he didn't aggressively come after the
interviewer but he did challenge uh her
beliefs and her questions which I
thought was was um you know a more
mature way to react to a question that
could be a little bit uncomfortable.
But I thought the insight was very fair.
I definitely recommend you know everyone
listen to the entire article. You know
last uh yesterday afternoon and last
night all these clips were popping up on
social media and so you were seeing you
know a 30- secondond clip of uh of a
reaction to a single question without
seeing the entire conversation. So if
you're just watching clips of the
interview, you're missing out on a huge
portion of the context. So definitely
try and try and find the the full uh the
full length interview and and give it a
listen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, context is everything as we know.
&gt;&gt; Hey, welcome back John. Do you want to
join us?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I left I have not been touching
my screen on my car. So my car shut down
and Starlink goes down. That's what
happened to me last week when we were
live streaming is I forgot to keep the
car alive and then I had to deal with my
mics not pairing and Ah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know, man. You guys talk all
this great stuff about Teslas. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Sorry. Sorry about that.
I'm glad I had the right screen up. So,
thanks for covering me on that. Um, but
with that said, um, you know, FSD miles
on miles, probably nothing. 12.6
billion. Um, the other thing is too,
they also mentioned in the earnings call
they have 380,000 robo taxi miles. I
believe that those were unsupervised. I
believe. I could be wrong, maybe not.
&gt;&gt; No, no, you're right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But yeah, huge there. Um, but
yeah, I mean, like I said, um, and
hopefully I think it's what still only
five countries in Europe, so hopefully,
uh, Europe will, um, you know, we'll
start to see more countries
being lit up there. But um FSD just got
uh 123
or sorry 1436
is the latest one I think. Um Brian you
mentioned you got 1435 the other day but
um yeah they're they're starting to put
out these new versions. V15 is available
too. So it's out there.
&gt;&gt; Um it's uh it's something that I think
the the fleet is running on. Um and then
the other some of the other stuff I
think I already mentioned at the
beginning of the call the um 55% of the
car sales are shipping now with FSD
subscriptions which is I think uh really
I think an inflection point. Uh FSD is
the thing that is selling the car. I
mean um and it's it's just something no
one's even close like what other company
is going is selling consumer cars that
can do anything close to what your Tesla
can do? There's none right now.
point to point. And that's that's the
thing is, you know, driveway to
location. Yeah. From the freeway, you
know what I mean? Like pretty much on
par with like everybody can do that
almost. Even lane keep is is pretty
decent. People will feel like they're
experiencing some form of FSD, but it is
not the same. And when you experience
the difference, you you realize it right
away. Yeah. 12 billion miles is no joke.
It's kind of funny that the March of
Nines has put us in this predicament
where we're still not at level five even
after 12 billion.
It's freaking crazy.
Pretty wild.
All right. FSE licensing for all. Elon
says that Tesla will not partner with
ride share providers such as Uber and
Lyft. Uh he said we we will have enough
demand um people will just book rides
directly through the Tesla robo taxi
app. Yeah. I mean it makes I mean you're
seeing it right now. Um Whimo and Uber I
think ended their partnership in Phoenix
for example. Um you know I think that's
partially why Whimo you know ended I
think you know um their fleet there. But
um with that said, Tesla once they start
to I think their biggest issue right now
is still it's the ramping, right? It's
like in the Bay Area, I still get this
higher service demand and it's because
there's a limited amount of cars in the
fleet. It's not because they have this
insane amount of demand. the cars that
they have being used. Um, but when the
time comes to unlock this, uh, it, you
know, it'll be about obviously
advertising and letting people know
that, hey, we have enough cars, get, you
know, uh, take us up on on that ride
and, um, at that point, it'll just be
about general and and broad awareness of
what, you know, Tesla service. Um and
then from there, you know, I think um
their their their robo taxi business
will will continue to grow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And kudos to the analyst who
actually realized this because uh
usually on the call they have the
lackluster questions, but they actually
seem to be well some of them anyway had
a greater understanding of what's
happening in in this space and so they
were asking the proper questions unlike
the say questions this time. So, so that
was a that was a cool turn of events.
All right. So, um I already kind of
stole the on this
robot.
No, sorry guys.
I already got you.
&gt;&gt; Joe, you want to take this one?
&gt;&gt; Joe, you're on mute.
&gt;&gt; I just want to sell my Starling stock
because of uh because of what you're
signaling right now, John.
&gt;&gt; Seconds of low connection.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh V15 is uh is out. you know, uh,
Ashak was mentioning that on the call,
but I I like I like the fact that that
we know that this is out just like we
know that there is an AI 6 chip coming
in. There is going to be a hardware 5
and the hardware six. I mean, these are
all things that we know the improvements
happen. This is tech, right? It just
happens. But the fact that they're using
this software already uh for those and
it wasn't even on the it wasn't even on
Cyber Cap. They're just using this on
the Model Y. So that's a pretty cool
thing to know. It was was on the robo
taxi, not even on the cyber cap. So
that's pretty cool.
That means we'll get it before the cyber
cap gets it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, we knew for the
longest time that they they were running
the robo taxi fleet on uh a 143 variant,
but now that they're literally on V15,
um really just uh it's it's the next
step and they're they're working out all
of the the kinks and making and and
taking things even further.
All right. Comcast is not afraid of
Starlink, says scared CEO. So,
um it sounds like we currently are not
seeing them Starlink as meaningful
competitive um factor in our markets.
But saying that, we don't take any
comfort in that. We are uh we're not
complacent. We fully expect to see them
more as a competitor over time. So,
yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is this a joke?
&gt;&gt; I assume this is a joke. like this
performance art. I don't get it because
clearly they're a competitor and clearly
you're scared because as Starship
launches uh we're going to move away
from version, you know, in into the big
satellites, the version three Starlinks.
&gt;&gt; It's you're it's going to start creeping
into the suburbs, guys. It's going to be
on all the cars. And uh Comcast is uh
well, let's just say I don't feel very
Comcastic about their service.
Well, that and the and like like Elon
was saying on the call, you're looking
at like you can still watch 4K
TV, you know what I mean? Through
Starlink, like once this once this
switch happens, especially to the to the
V3 satellites, like yeah, it's going to
the telecom industry is going to have to
wake up and realize like maybe
maybe we should fear the giant.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's like the B, you know, Balmer
reacting to the iPhone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's like look at what
Starlink has done to like Q's satellite
internet provider. Like you you drive
out, you know, a 100 miles away from any
major city and everyone in the country,
the country. When I say country, I mean
like countryside, you know, rural people
just using Starlink because it's orders
of magnitude better. It's not that way,
you know, here in the city. You know, I
use I've got fiber. It's, you know, 10
times faster than Starlink, but that's
probably not going to be the case in a
couple years. And eventually eventually
it'll be competitive in in urban areas
and then it is essentially game over.
You know, the reason why cable companies
exist is because they have a local
monopoly, right? They pay for the rights
to have a local monopoly. They can
charge whatever they want. Their only
competition was like DSL or satellite or
occasionally fiber. Now they're they're
all gonna have this new competitor that
will, you know, best case just eat into
their margins. Worst case, uh, end of
life, those companies essentially.
&gt;&gt; Blockbuster.
&gt;&gt; Blockbuster. Yeah. For me, um, Starlink,
like I said, I have it here on my truck.
I'm using it. Obviously, my my car shut
down earlier. Uh, but it is my second,
you know, um, it's it's literally my
backup, but it's also like what I'm
driving if I'm in the middle of the
Highway 5, when I'm on road trips. It it
acts as service, but the thing is it's a
matter of time, as Matthew was saying,
once the speed hits a certain point, um,
you know, I'm open to switching my u my
home provider. Obviously, the cost needs
to also make sense, too. So, we'll see
how that is cuz like I think it makes
sense to have like Rome, you know, all
the Rome packages that I have on my
Starlink
uh you know, as my backup, but the as my
backup it costs as much as my home
service. So, but you have to obviously
pay a little bit more when you want
convenience on the road. Um, but we'll
see how that that morphs and changes.
But yeah, it's uh totally a Steve Balmer
moment for sure. the fact that
Oh, looks like I for a second I thought
I I thought I cut off.
&gt;&gt; You're good. You're killing us, John.
&gt;&gt; I know, man. Um, but yeah, that was
totally a Ste Steve Balmer moment. So,
um, yeah, gota got to wake up to the
coffee on this one. Starlink is coming
after your cellular service and your
home connection. That that's where
they're headed long term.
&gt;&gt; Well, that got to keep in mind that was
an earnings call, so he had to say that.
And of course, you know, I mean, he's
you don't want to scare people into
selling their stock and going going to
buy the uh the SpaceX, but yeah. No,
it's
it's GM all over again. It's hella
funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I know MDR, you gota you got
a bounce. Um, so I don't know if there
was do we want to hit I know my
connectivity's been going a little bit
wonky. So, um,
&gt;&gt; anything you wanted to hit before you
take off?
&gt;&gt; No. Uh, another good week. Let's hope we
see a little recovery in the stock next
week. And good luck for the rest of the
show, boys.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, MDR gave predictions. Monday's
going to be green.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll check. We'll check back in
next week.
&gt;&gt; Financial advice he gave.
&gt;&gt; Take care.
&gt;&gt; Later.
It is worth noting that in Korea the
laws about uh about giving unsolicited
uh financial advice are very weak if
non-existent. Uh they and you get these
Korean channels that will absolutely
manipulate the viewers. And one of those
people, one of those influencers was
recently shot by someone he gave
terrible advice to, which uh I I'm not
saying I approve of it, but I get it. Uh
so don't don't do that both sides of
that equation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Always do your own research.
Always um you know obviously there's
people you can listen to who can give
good direction but you still got to
validate the stuff that they're saying.
And you know
&gt;&gt; don't don't invest anything that you're
willing to lose. That's all I got to
say.
&gt;&gt; That you're not willing to lose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That you're not willing. Yeah. And there
are too many people who will tell you
that they're smart who aren't. And a lot
of people who will tell you they're
smart who are but are just mistaken. And
there are too many factors beyond what
we can know today uh that are that will
move the stock. You know, it could be
something like um you know a a bird flu.
could be a change in a the premiership
of a country on the other side of it
could be anything that could have a
negative impact on your investment that
is beyond your control. Uh so don't
shoot Korean YouTubers is the takeaway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Also, so I just wanted to call this out.
We can we can end with this for this
week. Um I I actually drove by. We'll
have a video coming out of me droning
over this location. It is huge. Um, but
I think when you start stacking several
semis, it really makes it look small.
Uh, but it is in the middle of the
French corridor here in the Inland
Empire. uh the Inland Empire and um you
know again Ontario's a couple like a a
city or two away which is got that huge
uh freight corridor or that travel um
that travel stop that travel pilot stop
or whatever it is that or the travel I
forgot the name of it but it's got
several hundred semis but this whole
city Bloomington you you see all of
these Tesla semi-ervice centers you see
a ton of semis
um not Tesla semi-ervice but you see ton
of semi service centers. Um, so it is
just cooking. This is a great spot for
them. Um, it's right, it's going to be
the first public mega charger. So, if
you just own a Tesla Tesla semi, you can
go. It is gated, so you probably will
need a code for the um for the, you
know, inside of the actual semi will
probably have a code to get inside the
gate. Um but with that said, um it
really uh is cool to see. I'm glad they
launched it. But this is in my this is
an inflection point really the opening
of the Mega Charger network that will be
happening for uh the the semi network.
&gt;&gt; I I don't understand the placement of
Bloomington though cuz from from Sparks
to Bloomington
Yeah. I mean, I don't Yeah, that's I
mean, it's cool that they're doing that,
but
&gt;&gt; I would suggest it's not for Tesla. It's
for
&gt;&gt; uh it's for the port of Long Beach
heading out.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; exactly.
&gt;&gt; That's why like when I researched it
when I went um it's in the French
corridor for the Inland Empire. So,
pretty much it probably goes into Long
Beach. They pick it up there. They need
to obviously stop probably in that
Bloomington but it is just a city away
from Ontario which is huge and then you
have what is it uh Lomol Linda and
Redlands right next to it. So, it's just
I think a small town, but yeah, it's a
I'll put it this way. It it really is
like it kind of reminds me of like a
Hemet just like
&gt;&gt; you know just uh you know a drive-thru
town.
&gt;&gt; Not
&gt;&gt; I imagine they're probably going to do
something right there in Texas too on on
that way to Austin. They gota they got
to create their belt for for that for
the deliveries and stuff I imagine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. one of one of the many that are
coming.
&gt;&gt; One of the many.
&gt;&gt; With that said, um we have merch on sale
for the XTO. Go to xtakeover.com, click
on the merch. Um it it's an online only
store. And then Joe will be having some
amazing merch that will also go on sale
exclusively at the event. We've we've
kind of showcased it here and there uh
subtly. Uh people that have picked up on
it have known. But with that said, there
is uh literally 69 tickets left for uh
the X takeover. We sold out initially
and then opened it up for another 300
plus tickets along with more factory
tours. The factory tours is obviously
that's all gone now. Um, I will say
though almost onethird of the people
going to the event will have a
um will actually have a a a factory tour
on Thursday or Friday, which is pretty
pretty big deal. You know what I mean?
You're talking hundreds of of tours
happening. Um, and then also I know
Brian will be um he will be leading one
of the Tesla investor conversations.
Well, actually the only Tesla investor
conversation with Omar Alexandra Galley
um and some others, but it's going to be
uh an amazing show. Again, um May Musk
will be there. Um and then again, shout
out to Site View AI for being our
presenting sponsor this year. Um and
with that said, I think uh thanks for
dealing with some of the brevity here.
Obviously, my Tesla shutting off was not
part of the show. Um, and exactly, it
was not the Starlink service. Um, uh,
but with that said, uh, please
patronize,
um, these wonderful co-hosts, Joe,
Brian, and, um, MDR, and we will catch
you guys on the next one. Uh, Brian, did
you want to say something?
&gt;&gt; I wanted to say it's, uh, crazy that
you're having May Musk as the keynote
when Joe is available. I mean, it's just
he's such a draw.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Joe. Joe, you got to get your new book
out. That's why
&gt;&gt; that's the problem.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I'm sorry. Like, Joe, you're not
a supermodel, right?
&gt;&gt; He's not as pretty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I feel bad saying it, but
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Look again.
&gt;&gt; You're not also not a
&gt;&gt; a doctor of dietitics. So, um you know
what I mean? So, got to go with the the
the the stronger hand on this one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. I guess
&gt;&gt; maybe next time.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, have a good good week
everyone. Um
hopefully a green on Monday. We will
see. I'm not predicting that. But um
what
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. It's financial advice. You
heard it here first, Koreans.
All right, we'll see you guys