Channel:     futureaza
Title:       I Wanted to Recommend the Rivian R2 Until I Saw This
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8mXnqycBwQ
Published:   2026-06-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Rivian R2 is the talk of the town,
but should you buy one? Well, the short
answer is no. The longer answer is not
yet. Maybe if you're a super early
adopter. You see, the Rivian R2 is
instrumental to Rivian's survival. But
it uh doesn't seem to be quite what it
cracked up to be, and there's a bunch of
factors to consider. I apologize in
advance to my Rivian friends and fans,
but there is a reason that people are
having such a hard time getting to see
them, and I'll cover that momentarily.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Now, before we say that uh oh, I'm just
a Rivian hater. I don't know what I'm
talking about. I would point out that I
did very recently, in fact, uh demo an
R1S. Uh Rivian gave it to me for a week.
They were kind enough to extend that
opportunity. I drove it uh drove the
heck out of it and gave it a pretty good
review with only some sour marks for the
sound system not living up to my
expectations, but I acknowledge that uh
I may have not been using it quite
right. So, that's something that I can
consider. Um, you know, it's a good car.
But the R2 I've had a real bear of a
time getting them to uh talk to me
about. Uh so, I reached out to my
contacts. they were not interested in in
talking. I reached out uh repeatedly for
both the the for the launch events, for
the actual uh in-person events uh and
even to find out where it would be in my
area and they wouldn't let me know until
it was too late for me to get to one.
And then I find out through the
grapevine that there is one actually
closer. I could have actually gone and
seen it. That is uh you know uh pretty
ridiculous. Uh, and it's unfortunate and
I don't know why they don't want me to
see it. Unless this is like autonomy day
or their factory groundbreings where I
might ask questions that are a little
too critical. And if that's the case, I
apologize. Uh, that's not my intention.
But let's get into it. Here is the
beauty herself. It's a great looking
truck. It looks like the R1S, but
bigger. Uh, smaller. R1S,
little bit bigger. R2, little bit
smaller. Quite a bit cheaper. But that's
the problem. Let's uh forgive any
delays. Delays happen with the launch of
a new product. You want it to be done
right. But the big delay in the R2 has
been that it was supposed to be built in
their Georgia facility in their brand
new factory and that couldn't happen.
That factory is being delayed. They've
got a cash crunch. That's
understandable. But with that comes the
cost issue. When this was announced in
24, it was going to be a $45,000
vehicle. Well, uh, 24 is two years ago.
It should already be 48. 48,000 is more
money. And I'm not complaining that it
isn't 48,000. I'm saying that it is
$3,000 more difficult to sell it at that
price. And yes, they anticipated
inflation, but they didn't anticipate
record high inflation, which is what
we've seen. The parts cost more. The
wages cost more. The food to feed the
people who make the cars cost more. And
I get it. They don't buy a lot of food.
But inflation affects everything. The
impact is farreaching.
The So, if you can't save that money
because the money's gone or it doesn't
exist or it's been out inflated and you
can't save the money because you're
building it in a new state-of-the-art
factory that's going to be uh much more
efficient, much cheaper. Where are you
saving the money? Not on economies of
scale. So that means that this high
volume vehicle may just be losing money
at high volumes. That's my concern.
That's a real concern. So let's look at
this again. On the configurator, we're
seeing 58,000, which isn't too bad, I
guess, for a launch edition. It comes
with several bells and whistles. That
isn't the landed cost. You're going to
be closer to 59,000.
uh when it comes to 595 I think with the
delivery charge and if you want any
other colors that's going to drive up
the price as well. This one is 60 plus
your delivery charge over 60,000. So,
it's not as cheap at launch as many had
hoped. When Josh West 247 first showed
it, he said, "Look, this I think this is
going to be a winner." And I said, "My
gosh, if they can hit that price, it
will be a winner. This is not
available." Um, it is coming in spring
of 27, so about a year out before we can
get to the 4490,
if that happens at all. It may. I hope
it does. But I have concerns and no one
to ask about uh these concerns. So on
the price front um there are they going
to lose money? Maybe almost definitely.
It's really tough to say. They have
simplified there is better engineering
in it at least in theory. But
manufacturing it in normal versus in in
the new factory means the the volume
will be limited. the cost savings will
be limited. The equipment isn't all new
and fancy. Uh so there are reasons you
build a new factory. Of course, you
could upgrade your wheels as well. I
mean, you could upgrade your interior at
62. Fine. I'm not complaining about any
of that. Um but the reality is they are
not letting people get their hands on
it. And I I thought it might just be me,
but it isn't. Um, based on all
conversation Kyle Connor has had with my
reviewer/content creator friends, none
of us have received an invitation to
configure our vehicles for purchase.
Many of us are multiple R1 owners and
reserved R2 insanely early. I know
people who are in the first 5 minutes.
They have not been invited. It feels
like Rivian specifically deprioritized
the folks that cover them to not show
any favoritism. Speculation, of course.
My speculation is different. It should
make some owners happy to see the
reviewers get pushed back, but also less
content available for those on the fence
waiting for comparisons in real world
testing. Maybe that's the idea. Either
way, can't wait to check ours out. Well,
there is a second theory. They don't
want to punish influencers. Surely, if
you placed a reservation in the first 5
minutes, and you've owned one or more of
their vehicles in the past, it would
stand to reason that you're just
automatically going to get it first,
content creator or not. But the fact
that you're not letting the content
creators have it, tells me you got
issues. And we are seeing those issues.
They are emerging. I was going to pull
up a list of uh software issues, but the
list was too long. It included someone
who was doing an R2 uh demo drive in
Pasadena when they had a software
message come up saying battery failure.
So I don't know I haven't validated that
claim but it is real. So there are
problems with Rivians in the past. I
mean this is one example 19,000 recalls
um due to botched service. That's kind
of weird. Uh but there are other ones as
well. There are other uh execution risk
problems that we're seeing as well.
Rivians uh are a little buggy still.
They've made not that many compared to
other manufacturers. Um and there are
engineering challenges. There are
manufacturing challenges, but now there
are political headwinds, financial
challenges that didn't exist just a year
or two ago, certainly when the vehicle
was unveiled. So that's going to make it
more difficult, make their road more
difficult. If you're an early adopter
and you don't mind paying more for the
vehicle and having a potentially worse
experience because it is a new build on
a new platform, then go for it. But I
would say otherwise, hold back until
until you're more confident that it is
ready to go. Uh so we've got some
existential problems. Declining
deliveries is never good. We have seen
declining deliveries. We've seen
insiders selling off their shares. We've
seen leadership changes, the sort of
things that would give me pause to
consider things like that. We're also
seeing existential threats like just the
cash burn itself. AJ routinely puts out
charts like these where we can see all
the EV automakers. Now, this doesn't
include all of them. Uh it includes
everyone who is a pure play or Ford who
breaks theirs out into a separate pure
play. Rivian, this is as of February. I
can't imagine it's gotten better since
then. Cash burned $24.4 billion dollar.
They do not have infinite cash. They may
not be around to honor a warranty. Uh I
hope they are. I'm doing everything in
my power to promote them, but I can't do
that if I can't see the vehicle or get
someone on the line to address my
concerns. And I did again reach out to
my contacts more than once each and say,
"Look, I I I need to see the vehicle. I
need to talk to someone." And uh they
declined to participate. I understand
it's not mandatory for folks to
participate, but it does make it uh
easier to do my job. Uh and if I'm
getting something wrong, I welcome them
to let me know about that. There are
issues with reliability. Uh, for
example, how reliable are they? Well,
one report ranks the brand dead last.
Consumer Reports put them in last place
behind Jaguar and I mean everything.
Absolutely everything. So, this is uh
concerning. That's the sort of thing
that should give you pause. Um, now,
well, they got they got some great stuff
going on. Their software is very good,
right? I mean, Volkswagen is buying it.
Well, sort of uh they're buying it for
some markets uh but uh for other markets
not so much uh because Volkswagen Group
for next EV push Volkswagen enters into
agreement with Xiaopang. Yes, Xpang, if
you prefer uh for fast joint development
of two smart e-cars with the Xpang
software. The Xiaoang software um is
very good. It's not laggy. It's not
buggy. It doesn't crash. And I'm not
complaining. I had no issues with Rivian
software in the R1S. It was fine. Wasn't
as intuitive as I would have liked, but
I imagine if you own it, you figure it
out in like a day or two and then it's
fine. Uh I'm not going to complain about
complexity of software.
When you've got a car that can do a
million things, you're going to need to
work on it in terms of their
survivability. We also have the all of
the headwinds that every automaker,
especially EV makers, are facing. EV tax
credits disappearing. Industry adjusting
to the roll back of the rules. That
$7,500 credit would have been a big
deal. This vehicle would have qualified.
It would have been 7,500 cheaper. That
would have moved some units. Um, if
price isn't an issue, well, then sell it
for a million dollars. Nobody cares.
price is an issue no matter how much
people say it isn't. And they show
dealers sold uh 30% fewer from October
uh since September. But the policy
changes have been pretty brutal. And
it's not just that. There are other
stories here as well because it's not
just the 7500 for consumers. It also
impacts the um commercial credit. You
could get 7,500 on a commercial vehicle
on much different but in many ways
better rules. You just lease it and then
you qualify. That is also gone. Uh so
it's uh making it more difficult. There
it is. The commercial clean credit
vehicle. Let's see. Could go as high as
well higher. But uh and then the last
one, and this would really really kill
you here, is the ZEV credits are gone.
There are no more ZEV credits, of which
Rivian, and I couldn't find a clean
source on it, has brought in something
like $590 million,
like green ones. That's a whole lot of
cash for a company that hasn't produced
all that many vehicles. There are still
ZEV credits in other countries around
the world, but Rivian doesn't really
sell in other countries around the
world. Not in any way that would make an
appreciable dent uh that that would
qualify them. That's very frustrating.
Um, and another little bit of
frustration on that, Rivian opened up
their network in ex because they could
get money because they could build their
chargers, apply for grants, uh, to get
subsidies to build out their adventure
network. That money is also gone. Uh, so
this is it's a lot of headwind is what
it is. So, uh, no carrots, no sticks,
intense competition. What else have we
got? We've got intense competition from
the other makers, both electric and gas.
And I would argue that Rivian wisely
carved out a little narrow segment of
the market, the adventure market, in
ways that has allowed them to excel
where others may not. I know Tesla had a
Model Y that he had uh jacked up and uh
put a little nose skid plate on it so he
could go off-roading, overlanding as it
were, and he had quite a bit of fun with
that. But that's not for everyone. And I
would not recommend a Model Y for that
use case. Rivian's going to be a heck of
a lot better for it, but uh there are
gas alternatives. Jeeps are still out
there. There are other things that have
off-road capabilities that are going to
be perhaps at least in the US more
compelling. And unfortunately, Riven is
very focused on the US. So competition
is quite tough. If there's no company
left, there's no warranty left. I've
said that, but that's something you need
to really think about. Um, and the last
thing I wanted to talk about is
autonomy. Rivian's got autonomy. They're
going to be right there with with Tesla
and FST and Roboax and all that. Next
thing you know, and I'm going to tell
you right now, I disagree with that
conclusion. I disagree very strongly in
part because I went to extreme lengths
to try and see it in California. I
reached out to them repeatedly before
the event. Uh, they reached out to me
the night before the event and said,
"Just live stream it." And I said,
'Well, you know, I'm going to be there.
Can I see it? No. Said, 'Well, can I see
it over the weekend? They're like, no,
no, no, no demos over the weekend. I
confirmed with them on on the weekend.
No, no, no, no demos. Really? Cuz I know
I mean, this is a small community. I
know people who are doing demos right
now, like influencers are posting about
doing a demo on that day. But they were,
it was an influencerheavy event. And I'm
not an influencer. I'm an analyst. this
face don't sell lifestyle decisions
except maybe to serve as a precautionary
tale. No, what I see is that uh they
didn't want me there because I am
critical. Even when I go to China and
check out Xiaopang's uh driverless
vehicles, when I get behind the wheel
myself, we hit a cone. I say we hit a
cone. They could you don't have to show
that. Yeah, I do. The few people I saw
videos from who got to experience the R2
did so in ways that did not inspire
confidence. I do believe Rivian can have
some great engineers, but what they do
not have is the wealth of training data.
They do not have 11 billion miles. Uh
they do not have a billion miles. They
said, "Well, we'll make it up in
simulation." Everybody does that.
Everybody has simulation. You need the
real world miles. They don't have the
compute. May I see your data center? May
I see it from space? Because some of the
data centers processing this stuff can
be seen from space. whether it's from uh
Huawei or BYD or Xiaoang or Tesla or
Google. You can see the data centers
from space and I imagine maybe they're
just renting out compute from someone
else from Amazon or who knows there are
ways you can do it but we need to see it
and the reality is it's a very hard
problem to solve even though uh you have
the luxury of knowing what a bunch of
the dead ends are to avoid. You can look
at just public records. You can look at
news stories and see a whole bunch of
the dead ends that you can just skip.
But until you actually have a product
that works, you would have to be crazy
to believe that this does. And my bigger
concern on their autonomy is that they
plan to put about 2500 bucks worth of
sensors into it and then sell it for
2500 bucks. Which means if the take rate
is anything other than 100%, they're
going to lose money on every unit they
sell. That's catastrophic. That's not
sustainable. So, their autonomy
aspirations, love it. I mean, go for it
by all means. It is the future. You will
need to do it. But I, as a consumer,
refuse to believe that that's coming
anytime soon. And uh, one last quick
note is I do know a couple people who
work on software for Rivians, but
they've been very careful to tell me
absolutely nothing uh because they are
not authorized to do so. Uh, so I cannot
speak in defense of Rivian or attack of
Rivian from anything I've learned from
those people. Um, they're good people.
They're working great. They're doing
great, but they haven't been able to
bring all of the software inhouse as it
seems to to make the stack truly
vertical the way Tesla has. Tesla's able
to change things on the fly because they
control every part of all the software
for all the pieces. It's like uh a lot
of manufacturers will buy an
entertainment system and Tesla will buy
a screen.
Screen's still made by the same people,
but the entertainment system is made by
Tesla. So, uh apologies to my Rivian
friends. I'm sure they will not be
pleased. But my summary is don't buy
one. Don't buy one. Maybe when they come
down to 45,000, maybe when they've sold
30 40,000 of them and the reliability is
more predictable, better known. I didn't
even touch on the charging. 29 minutes
from 10 to 80%. So 70% of 330. We're
only talking 240 230 mi of usable range
if you're going to exclude those that
third on the end. So, uh, uh, 29 minutes
to get, you know, another 200 to get
basically three hours of driving. I
don't like that ratio. 30 minutes of
stop for every 3 hours of driving.
Doesn't doesn't get me super excited.
And I don't even know if the actual
range is uh 330 as stated. Some cars
these days do a little better, some cars
do a little worse. So guys, what did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? Leave
it. Enter in the comments below. And
everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots awfully darn