Channel:     futureaza
Title:       CLIFF DIVING AGAIN?!? GPS madness masked as AP/FSD Failures. 16 Hot News Items to start your week
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOA4_Ioexp0
Published:   2026-06-01 04:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday everyone. Good Monday to
you. It is June 1st. We've got a whole
bunch of news actually about I know the
title said 16 stories. It's more like
2022ish. So, we're going to scream
through them at the end. You will have
an opportunity for me to answer your
questions and address your comments in
the chat. If you've got questions, ask
them. They will be covered to an extent
to the extent I'm able. Let's start with
what the lead was. Tesla saves its
passengers again. This time after a 300
ft fall from a cliff in Malibu. Uh
that's a pretty gruesome sight. Model 3
plunged roughly 300 ft off a cliff on
Moholland Highway in Malibu Friday
morning. Occupants survived. The crash
was reported at 7:30 a.m. and basically
uh yeah went off the road uh doing some
spirited driving. The outcome's not
surprising considering Model 3 earned
overall five-star rating from Nitsa in
every category and subcategory and
recorded the lowest probability of
injury of any car ever evaluated by the
US new car assessment program. The
absence of traditional engine gives you
all that crumple zone and it's got a
nice rigid structure outside of that uh
outside the occupant home to keep you,
you know, from getting too crunched up.
So, this is big. This isn't the other
one. This isn't from the Model Y, uh,
where the gentleman tried to cause harm
to his own family in a fit of dis
desperation,
but this is, you know, it's surprising
how well-built they are. Big testament
to the engineers. Good job. This one I
got some uh heat over from people who
clearly were not interested in a good
faith discussion. Driver 87 dies after
Tesla on autopilot mode crashes into a
pond. Autopilot is not FSD. Autopilot is
lane keep typically and uh when it comes
to a driver who is 87 uh there is room
for confusion. There is uh I guess they
basically drove into a pond. So left the
roadway, entered a pond. Crash happened
at 8:10 in Tampa. According to local TV
stations, investigators with the highway
patrol said an 87y old man was driving a
Model Y when the vehicle veered off the
road, struck an electrical box, and
continued into the pond. Worth noting
that this is a 35 mph zone, I believe 30
or 35, but the vehicle was traveling
sufficiently fast that it was able to go
through the pole through the electrical
box and still go into the water. That is
uh suggests excessive speed. And then of
course it goes on to say, oh, multiple
lawsuits involving driver assistance
systems. Well, you know, uh 10 years
from now, probably 90% of all distance
will be driven by an AI in a
self-driving car. It will be quite a
niche thing in 10 years to actually be
driving your own car is what was said by
Mr. Musk. It is uh and then of course it
goes on to say a bunch of other crazy
things. So look uh don't mistake
autopilot for FST and don't blame it for
uh human error. This looks like human
error. Reminds me of uh of this little
gem because this is you know uh no
Michael. It's up there. It's up there.
Nope. It says there's a road here. GPS
says there's a road. I'm going with the
road. And we poke fun a little bit, but
um you know, it's not it's not uh not a
joke. Uh this is very real. And if
you're behavior is such that uh you're
going to promote stories like that,
which discourages folks from using what
is demonstrabably the safest driving
system in the world. um you are going to
be a reason that more accidents occur.
Please don't do that. Estonia number
three in Europe. Estonia has cleared
self self-driving for use on its road,
becoming the third European country to
do so after the Netherlands and
Lithuania. Uh so this is very exciting.
Quick to point out, this is still level
two driver assist if the SAPE uh levels
mean anything, which really they don't.
And uh
level two is anything from mild lane
keep to FSD. It's a it is the broadest
band of capability out of all the
systems. The SAPE levels were determined
before any of the systems existed. So
they were kind of guessing what would be
important in the future. It would be
like trying to measure your farm's uh
efficacy and output based on you know
ancient Greek methodology. It doesn't
make sense. Driver remains responsible.
This is a big move. Other countries are
expected to follow suit shortly
thereafter.
Tesla owner keeps using autopilot from
the back seat even after being arrested.
Don't do this. Don't be this guy. He's
super proud of himself. He's had this
happen a number of times. Look at him.
He's so smug. Oh, look at me. I'm
exciting. I'm a cool dude. You're not.
The car doesn't make mistakes. He told
the local news. However, two men
recently died in Texas while sitting in
the back and front passenger seats while
in a Tesla. It drove off the road and
crashed into a tree. Uh,
what? No, that's definitely not a thing.
Is that those drunk guys who crashed
into a tree? It's the drunk guys who
crashed into a tree. No. So, this
article pure pure slop. I should show
you what I see. It's this two drivers
killed. Ah, you could see the picture
briefly, but pay walls, man. Pay walls.
Um, my Tesla Model Y does what felt like
sci-fi 10 years ago.
So, what are we talking about here? Uh,
how good FSD has become. Uh, you get in,
you push the button, and away you go.
Uh,
Tesla supervised FSD has surpassed 10
billion mark mile. By the way, I should
ask, does it sound good? Does everything
sound good? Do I look okay? Forgot to
ask that. My son Jeremiah drove a test a
Tesla Y test. Urged me to do the same. I
ended up buying one. Yeah, for less than
he paid for his new truck. In my view,
it's the most impressively engineered
consumer product since forever. Voice
control. Yeah, you can just uh tap the
mic and say uh you know, play this song.
Play the song. I thought of a song. I
have a song in my head. Play it. And if
you don't remember what the song is, uh,
press and hold. Or just say, "Hey,
Grock." And Grock should come to life,
if you've got the spring update. And if
not, you press and hold. And then you
say, "There was a song and I think it
went something like this. Do you know
what song I mean?" Grock will tell you.
Then you go back to the regular voice.
Say, "Play it." And look, mom, no hands.
It's great. Self-parking also works.
Serving a summons. The collision
avoidance. The charge. I had a Tesla
charger installed at my house. Every
morning I unplug, leave home with a full
tank essentially. No more visits to gas
stations.
People on road trips. Oh man, I don't
want to wait even 15 minutes to charge.
Buddy, stretch your legs. But you know
what? That 10 minutes you may have lost
just now, which isn't 10 minutes cuz you
got to stand there for five holding the
pump and then you got to pee. Please
don't pee in bottles and throw them out
the window. That's terrible. We live in
a society where uh that is frowned upon.
Don't do it. But don't do it even if it
was not frowned upon. Just don't. It's
gross. Uh so then you've got uh you're
not actually losing time, but let's just
pretend you are. Let's say you're losing
10 minutes every time you stop on a road
trip. The rest of the year you're not
standing out in all weather huffing
fumes. If you like huffing fumes, then I
guess I can't argue with you. Uh because
there's no talking sense into you
anyway. Software updates, security, the
the lack of maintenance. Yes, I am due
for my one-year service on the Model 3.
I need washer fluid. That's my one-year
service. No fob. It's just in my pocket.
It's just on my phone. I carry the key
just in case. Don't need it.
Tesla staff admits fake self-driving
sold with fake numbers. Good job, Flying
Penguin. You ate the Reuters nonsense.
Reuters famously unreliable when it
comes to uh Tesla coverage. These are
the guys who said Tesla was going to
build a factory in Mexico City and fly
the cars out. That displays a tremendous
lack of critical thinking. Hundreds of
workers in a Utah office watch horror
films for a living. Their job is to
observe Teslas as they drive, not as
they drive, after the fact. The cars uh
uh tragically hit dogs and deer at speed
breaks untouched. You know, like a
human. The cars miss school buses with
the stop arm out. They come within
inches of some children in the street.
Others are killed. They annotate the
footage. So these are data labelers.
Reuters call this without apology a job
for data labels. What do you mean
without apology? What does that even
mean? These people, they watch copious
amounts of raw video. They built the
product and they describe as unfit for
human passengers. One said he would
refuse a robo taxi even if you faking
paid me. Not actual. Not exactly a high
bar. veteran self-driving engineer who
reviewed the crash data for years called
the safety claims a BS and said don't
trust Elon on this. Well, I don't have
to. I don't have to trust him because I
use it. Well, if it's only 99.9% safe,
that means that millions will die,
right? But we're at 10 billion miles.
We're at 30 mill 30 million miles a day,
something like that. Now, something
outrageous
and there are no wealth of deaths. we
have not seen it because they don't
exist because that's wrong. You're
telling the people who only see the most
traumatic stuff so they can label it. Uh
and pretending that their experience is
uh representative of the whole. They
don't see the other, you know, they see
10 miles of bad driving a day where you
and I experience 30 million miles of
good driving per day. Nonsense. Reuters
does know better. flying penguin
probably too stupid to know better. If
Reutder says it, it must be true. That's
not how it works. You're supposed to use
the big blob of fat in your head that uh
you probably refer to as thinking meat
and uh come up with some of your own,
you know, headaches with pictures,
ideas, see if you can get it figured
out. Whimo's newest robo taxi is
Chinese-made, built to make money, and
now accepting riders. The Zeer, it's out
sort of. It's It's operating uh in
California. Uh it's the Ohigh. Uh
expanding to more riders and cities. And
now we get to see the inside. That's
great. That's what you want. It is
very sparse. There's not much in there
because it uh doesn't need to. You don't
need that. What you need is uh some
something that's easy to clean. This is
easy to clean. Job well done. Extra
screens kind of glued on. That's nice.
It's a nice touch. The idea of using a
Chinese vehicle is not new. They are
going to give you a better value
proposition until you factor in the 100%
import tariff. At which point, if you
could get this for 35,000, let's say you
could get this vehicle all in for
35,000, it's actually 70,000. Even if
they're doing all the sensor integration
and all that, it's an improvement. It's
not great. That 35,000 means that in
order to get the price comparable to
what a cyber cab would be before you
factor in the fact that cyber cab takes
less to clean, uh, less juice to keep it
on the road, less maintenance, even if
you could to get it to the price of a of
a robo tax. You have a cyber cab run by
Tesla. You're talking it would need to
be because of the tariff about $12,000.
This van will never be $12,000. The
upfit for the lidar probably will never
be as cheap as $12,000.
Uh, but you know, Tesla's got their own
problems. Oh, they also have solutions.
Self a patent self-cleing camera lens
with built-in wiper. Other companies
have used a different solution. Just
make it spin so fast that everything
flies off of it. This solution is an
eyelid. Does this mean we're going to
see this soon or ever? No. It's a
patent. Most patents end up not going
into production, but it is a solution.
Better than just doing the squirty
squirt down the side of the car. Not
saying there's anything wrong with that.
Uh different people like different
things. Uh
fine. Uh if you care, how's the stock
doing today? Down 3%. On the fiveday,
we're looking at down
two and a half% up seven for the month.
down slightly six month down slightly
year-to- date way up on the one-year and
magical on the five-year. I don't follow
the daily stock movement. I am not a
stock astrologer. I'm more of a stock
phenologist. Yeah, that's probably it. I
will say subscribe. People say why do I
say that? Because uh once I hit 100,000,
YouTube will treat me differently in the
algorithm. And I also say if you can
support me, please do. Uh because if you
want to know how much a YouTuber makes
from YouTube, look at how many views a
video gets and then figure it's about a
half a penny per view. Uh so if you're
doing, you know, 70,000 views on a
video, you might be making 350 bucks.
That's pretty good. If you're only an
hour or two into the work, uh but if
you're getting 5,000 views, you're
making no money. And I appreciate you
guys when you're able to help. And if
not, just subscribe. 72% of new EV
buyers just traded in a gas car even
after losing the $7,500 credit. What are
we talking about here? Uh EV trade-ins
rose from 67 to 72% between January and
April. Used EV prices have surged.
Analysts urged caution, citing high
rates uh and more expensive gasoline.
So, this is interesting. In January of
this year, 67% of new EV purchasers
traded in a gas car. That number's up.
That means we're seeing more adoption
from people getting rid of a gas car to
get into an electric car. So that means
that it's not just us in the bubble. Our
bubble's expanding, which is also great.
But do the cars last? Are they any good?
Who would even want one? The motors
The motor supposed to last a million
miles? Man hits 360,000
miles on his Model 3. Is that normal?
This is great stuff. 360,000 miles. Very
few cars of any type last 360,000 miles.
Typically, they do when you've got a
second or third transmission, a rebuilt
motor perhaps, or even uh in the case of
some of the vehicles I've had, replace
the head gasket. H I've gone through
probably four of those in my life. And
not because I'm a crazy driver. I just
picked the wrong vehicles.
300,000 mi Tesla. And to answer your
question, yes, I did replace the battery
at 321,000
because it just wasn't uh working.
321,000 mi on a battery on a first
serious generation battery. Guess it' be
the second serious generation. Still
very exciting. And yeah, the motors are
still good. Cost of switching out the
battery can be anywhere from 15 to
22,000. But he did a recondition pack,
got it done for five grand. five grand
to put a new used mo uh used battery in
his high high mileage car to just get
some more years out of it. Why not? Um
and yeah, how bad are the batteries?
Well, think fast charging ruins EV
batteries. Look at this 111,000 mi Tesla
Model Y. Now, 111,000 these days is
gently used. A lot of people will not
want a car that has over 100,000. My
philosophy is more like I wouldn't buy
one over 120 or 30, 111, I don't know.
You've still got some time on it. So,
they checked the Model Y. This is a
prefaceelift one, of course, because you
know, 110,000 mi. Only 36 kW of that
came from an AC charger. Everything else
was DC fast charging and his capacity
remains at 90% 92%
of the range compared to new.
If your car at 110,000 miles has only
lost 10% of its range, I think you're
doing a-ok. Okay. Especially if the
other guy took his battery to 321,000
mi. The idea that you're going to be
replacing batteries all the time is
ludicrous. Very, very silly. DC is turn
turning street lights into EV chargers
and dirty diesel's foot in the bill. I
saw this headline. I'm like, well,
there's more to it. This is clearly not
it. No, it isn't. uh DC went out to use
the existing light poles to fund it with
dieselgate money. That's what we wanted
dieselgate to do. The way this works is
these power pole these light poles were
designed to handle, you know, 400 500
watt uh sodium lamps. They don't use
those anymore. They use LEDs. They're
probably pulling 30 to 40 watts. That
means they've got a whole bunch of power
they're not really using. And there are
companies like Shell Recharge and I
think BP as well uh where they have
equipment that they can jam inside the
pole so that you just have power at the
pole ready to go and then of course you
use your app to actually pay for it. So
this is a great program. Love to see it
especially in congested areas where you
might not otherwise. Oh theirs isn't
even in the pole. Oh this pole looks
like it's uh concrete. So there is no
inside that pole. I can't tell what that
pole is. It's very pitted. Maybe it's
old steel. In any case, they put it
somewhere. Hopefully, the banditos won't
get to it because if they do, they might
fry themselves. So, this is uh a great
solution, especially for crowded areas
where street parking is more common,
where home parking is less common. You
need people to be able to charge. And
they're not going to be super fast
chargers, but they are going to be kind
of in between levels one and two. So,
pretty good. Pretty good. You'd be able
to pick up H, you know, two miles per
hour, something like that. More than
that. Let's see. You get I don't know. I
don't know how much juice is in there.
Hey, it's almost time, guys. We're less
than less than three and a half days.
So, Thursday night, we'll be kind of all
rolling into town. Friday night, we've
got the light show, the VIP meet and
greet. We've got a whole bunch of great
folks showing up to share their wisdom
on stage. We will be recording it. So,
if you can't make it, we will have
videos out covering it. Please join us.
Moskegan, Michigan, Heritage Landing
Park this uh coming Friday and Saturday.
Uh and then I can stop promoting it all
the time and move on to promoting my
next thing which will be in Long View,
Washington in July. This is uh not a not
a paid placement. This isn't a sponsored
segment. I'm going to the event. I'm
speaking at the event and I love the
event because my Michigan peeps are the
best. And Simon will be there. He's not
a Michigan peep, but he is the best.
Hey, uh, good news for GM.
Almost said it with a straight face. GM
clinches NASA contract to build battery
for moonbound vehicle. What could go
wrong? And I know what you're thinking.
Everything. Everything could go wrong.
They're all I guess you could say GM has
been the automotive battery fire leader
in the in the on Earth and uh looks like
they're going to expand that to the
moon. Who knows? Government uh contract
will propel the lunar design. And before
you get thinking, well, you know,
they've got a lot of experience building
uh you know, vehicles maybe for a lunar
buggy. This makes sense. They're not
building the buggy. Two companies are
two companies are building the buggy and
they are uh not let's see what uh
let's see uh on the street anyway
there's two companies in here Astrolabs
maybe and Astrolab there's one and uh
yeah and lunar outpost so there we go
220 million each good gravy for that
price you could have got Lucid to design
half of on
frozen to -22°. BYD's new EV just
charged to 97% in 12 minutes.
That's amazing. The new Denza Z9 GT is
powered by BYYD's second gen Blade
battery, which makes EV recharging as
quick as getting gas. Again, this is
really helpful in places like Eastern
China, where having a driveway is pretty
uncommon. Having a dedicated parking
spot may not always be possible because
it the population density being quite
high. In ideal conditions, BYDs can get
you from 10 to 70 in 5 minutes, 10 to 97
in under 10 minutes, but now even in the
freezing cold, it can get you there in
12 minutes. Amazing.
We are not getting these batteries in
the US. There's a big import tariff that
makes them a little bit cost
prohibitive, though for some uses you
could still do it. It's only about a 30%
tariff according to some battery people
I've spoken to, some uh designers and
integrators.
So, it's not impossible. Uh but building
it here is there's a restriction, an
export restriction on selling the
equipment to make cutting edge LFP. The
LFP factories we're building are using
the old designs and philosophies.
Speaking of old designs and philosophies
getting a new update, AC Cobra is a
supercharged supercar Carol would be
proud of. Carol Shelby of course made
the old AC propulsion into something
magical. This retrodesigned uh little
roadster little coupe is uh it's the
same styling. It's the same. It's You
can see the shared DNA, but it's an EV.
This is going to be great. Um, it would
be 3500 lb, which is a tough tough bit
of engineering. Um, let's see. Oh, do
you not have an electric version? Did I
Did I Did I goof?
Uhoh.
Oh, no. Well, I was just searching
electric cars. I guess I was wrong.
Deeply disappointing. My guys, what are
you doing? Apart from making me look
bad. Ford Escape will return in 29 as an
allect electric vehicle.
Will it? I'm hopeful, but will it? It be
great. This is a form factor people
want. Ford Escape may have disappeared
from showrooms, but it's story
apparently isn't over yet. after ending
production of a longrunning compact
crossover. Following the 26 model year,
Ford is repeat uh reportedly preparing
to bring the name plate back after this
decade. So, this would be possible.
There's already a Ford Explorer that's
electric in Europe, but it's built by
Volkswagen, so I don't know. The move
would mirror the decision to reinvent
the Mustang as an electric Maky using an
established name plate to help introduce
new technology. So, uh, yeah, it's Wow.
Ain't she a be? Nope, she ain't. That's
correct. Uh, hey, design and styling,
that's up to you. I don't have to tell
you if it's good or not. Uh, because you
have eyes. And if you have eyes, you can
look at that and share my conclusion.
Fine. I'm hopeful that Ford makes more
and better EVs. I am not convinced.
Toyota to pull the plug on nextg EV
development because of course they are
this was yeah they're planning to cancel
the development of it the automaker said
Friday it that it will instead allocate
its management resources to develop uh
SUVs which are in strong demand they
plan to scrap development of the LFZ
electric sedan under the uh to Lexus
brand
they've adopted a multi-pathway approach
under which it provides customers with a
wide selection of vehicles range from
gas, hybrid, and EV. Remember, they had
this amazing factory, this amazing idea
where they said, "Here's what we're
going to do. We're going to build this
line which is flexible. It can build gas
cars or electric or hybrid or hydrogen."
Because what we want to focus on is
nothing. We want to focus on absolutely
nothing. How we doing on time? Oo,
running over. Okay. We'll speed it up a
little here.
Ferrari, quick question. What are you
doing? Everyone from Ferrari's former
chairman to Italy's deputy prime
minister has trashed the new luche and
the stock dropped 8%. Ferrari says the
bank transfers are already coming in
from who? Nobody can figure out. And I
know that sounds snarky, but that is the
headline. And they're saying that yeah,
people it's not we're not trying to get
low slung and sleek for arrow. We're
doing it to compete with Chinese EVs,
which is fair because it looks like a
Chinese EV. Specifically, one that would
be priced at about $40,000. It's got a
battery larger than a Cybert truck and a
range shorter than a Cybert truck.
Genius. I know I've said it before, I'll
say it again. Hey man, you can do that
if you like.
Ford CEO Jim Farley's favorite EV
company is officially bleeding cash.
Shia, the uh very fun phone maker is now
a very fun car maker. They are losing
5,600 on every car they make.
That's not great. Uh but I will point
out some people go, "Yeah, China just
dumps inventory. They're not making any
money." Gross margins for EVs. Uh so
this is for the greater Chinese market
dropped from 23.2 to 20.1%. That's the
gross margin, not the net margin. China
is not giving away cars and no one is,
well, they're subsidizing $10,000 for
every car sold from the government. No,
my friend. That would be almost there'd
be there's 80 what is it? Uh 40 million
cars sold a year. 20 million cars out of
40 million out of China. Anyway, the
number is eyewatering. I think it's 33
million. So that would be over three
years a trillion dollars in subsidies.
That's not a thing. Uh how Vinfast
billion dollar bet on a US factory
backfired.
It just did. I'll save you the trouble.
Uh they said they made all these
promises. They went to the extra vetting
step of talking to the embassy to make
sure these guys are legit. And the
embassy doesn't have that information.
So, they said, "Uh, well, here's their
back here. I just looked it up on the
old Googles for you." And, uh, they
never built it. But, they did build
additional plants in Indonesia and
India. Wait, where's ours? You started
on it. Yeah, we're not going to finish
it. They're going to try and claw back
that money. It ain't going to happen.
And this is a just a bit of fun
question. I just bought my EV and what
is this for? It's always at zero. Look
down here, you guys. It says zero. No
matter what I do, that stays at zero.
So, that's a bit of fun for the reading
comprehension. Uh, which of course does
not exist. Um, supercharger location
winners announced. You get to vote once
or twice a year. You get to vote in
North America. Big list of ones.
Colorado, Florida, California, Arizona,
Michigan, Missouri, Oklahoma. got one on
the upper on the not the upper peninsula
but uh on the north end of the Michigan
Peninsula. That's very helpful. And the
last thing I should mention is, you
know, the summer meetup. I know I
already mentioned it once, I'm
mentioning it again. Come join us. Hey,
let's get into the Q&amp;A, shall we? I'm
sure you folks have some questions.
I am over on time, but I'll still give
you as much as I can on this because,
you know, why wouldn't I? It's kind of
my thing. Mhm. Let's see. Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. Uh, it would be great if Oh,
let's see.
Okay, we were talking about someone
received in the mail a USB drive that
claimed to be from the IRS regarding
unpaid taxes. Just plug it into your
computer. Plug it in. Plug it in. Don't
ever do that. That's crazy. Let's see.
Uh, hope the chemical spill is not
affecting you. We had a a chemical
plant, a tank imploded the other day. U
11 dead. It is uh contained a uh agent
called white liquor which is used to
turn wood chips into pulp and uh is
extremely harmful to humans and 11
deaths. So I don't know any of those uh
individuals. Uh but I do have castmates
from the play do who lost friends. What
I did have uh was a dead body in the
lake. So that was upsetting, too. That
was unrelated.
Not very fun. That was on the 28th. Uh
good morning from Mskegeegan. You're
already in Moskegan, Tom. Can't wait to
see you. I'll be in uh Thursday evening.
Let's see. What's going on? Has has Ross
been advocating for Blue Origin against
SpaceX or something? Don't know. the
drunk guys. I don't know what which guys
are the drunk guys. Um, I understand why
autopilot has been discontinued on new
models now. It wasn't good. It wasn't
good. I look fabulous as usual.
I finally changed my cabin air filter.
Easy peasy. I haven't. I haven't. I'm
definitely due on the Model Y. Let's
see. Uh, the foam in my Michelin tires
came loose after 30 13,600 miles. Tesla
service gave me a completely new set for
free.
How do you go wrong? Model 3 hardware.
Uh my hardware 3 Model Y finally
recognizes the flashing yellow lights on
the school zone speed limit and adjusts
the speed accordingly. Yeah. And we're
not I'm not asking for perfection out of
the gate, but some people are in ways
that I find a bit dishonest. Uh my son
nags me to use FST. I have friends who
will drive who are uh the pulsing kind
of drivers where they it's like if you
can't go steady on I require you to turn
on FSD. It is my objective to not wretch
all over your car. FSD technology
advanced enough to appear like magic.
It's so good that I just don't think
about it. I just use it. Uh you're
incorrect. I've witnessed many deaths
with FSD. I've had to clean the remains
off my windshield bumpers and mirror
backs. I would yeah give that was uh but
the flies, the beetles, the gnats, they
had no idea. They didn't see it coming.
First thing that came to mind when they
struck your car was presumably their own
butts. Uh hello from Germany. Good to
see you. Blinking headlights and now
cameras, too. Fernology is a bumpy ride.
Yeah, phronology is uh I have a set of
encyclopedias from 1897 where I checked
fernology to to see what it said and it
said it is completely bunk. It is not
real science but here's how it works and
then it spends pages describing the
lumps on your head and what it
definitely doesn't mean but just in
case.
Please subscribe number 32 thumbs up. I
enjoy the channel. Tries to give all
sides of the story. I try to I do my
best. Uh, and I'm not afraid to cover
other brands, and I'm not afraid to
praise other brands when they do good
work. I'm not afraid to criticize Tesla
when they do bad work. When I first got
version 11 with the purchase of my 23
Model Y, I was deeply disappointed. It
did not function as I expected, and I
was not afraid to say it. People kept
watching my videos to find out when my
FSD got to the point where it was
actually good so that they would believe
it because uh you know Tesla doesn't pay
me to say nice things.
Yes, I finally caught a live. I never
miss an episode. Keep grinding. I've
officially convinced my wife to let me
look into a Model Y. Would you suggest
used or new? The new ones, uh the ride
is so much smoother, so much less
bouncy. The cabin noise is improved. But
if you're looking at value, you can get
a pre-refresh Model Y and then get the
comfort suspension from Unplugged
Performance at 1,600 bucks, probably
another 500 to have it installed. And
for that 1,500 to two grand, you get a
ride that's just as smooth and refined
as the new Model Y in a much cheaper and
a halfpriced Model Y. So, uh, worth
looking at both. I would definitely take
a test drive of a pre-refresh as well.
Uh concrete rebar reinforced poles.
Yeah. Yes. So those do look like
concrete that like Yes. So you can't put
the electronics inside. The solution is
what it is. It's what it is. I'll go a
couple more minutes here. Last two cars.
Uh I had my last two cars last 350,000
on the original engine and transmission.
Very lucky. Definitely not the norm. My
favorite long life car was a Honda
Accord that made it to a million. Front
seat replaced twice. Um, Honda went
through quite a period where they were
exceptionally good cars. They might
still be. I don't know. I don't think
we'll know for another 5 10 years. Um,
Toyotas have had some great motors and
some less great ones. Uh, but their
engines don't always last uh forever. My
friend had an FJ Cruiser and within
weeks of his annual maintenance that he
would go to the dealer for, the engine
blew. And it was very disappointing
because that thing was worth money.
Still ran the battery health test on my
Model Y with 123,000 miles, 81%. H at
90,83
at 60,86.
Wait, so you're saying the older it
gets, the healthier it gets? Oh, I see.
I gotcha. Misunderstood. So, it's I
gotcha.
It's a I can't tell if that's a bee or a
horsefly. I'm basically outside.
Powerpole is actually fiberglass carbon
rod that is actually lowered to be a
boat anchor as it spikes in the ground.
All right. Blue Origin won't need a
lunar battery for a while. Also fair.
Uh, here in good old Europe, driveways
are going vertical with height.
Neat. I'd like to see a full-size EV
van. Me too. It's tricky.
Okay. Toyota on the verge of developing
solid state. Guys, I appreciate you
hanging out. What did I miss? What did I
miss? Understand? If you're catching on
the replay, do let me know. And
everybody else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots in Michigan this weekend.
That'll be fun.