Channel:     electrified
Title:       Wow, Tesla's Next Gen Chip Is NOT What We Thought ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A59LHpQdrSU
Published:   2026-04-15 23:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 07:25 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. So Elon dropped a big one
today saying congrats to the AI chip
design team on taping out AI5. AI6 dojo
3 and other exciting chips are in the
works. And Elon went as far as sharing
an image of what appears to be the
actual AI5 design. Now we will come back
to this shortly, but you have the main
processor right in the middle and then
on either side you have six dyes for
memory. Six over here, six over here for
12 total. And this central SOC or system
on chip and these 12 memory dyes are all
packaged together on this substrate that
you see that has some wording on it. And
as you might guess, there's a lot to
unpack here because this is a pretty big
departure from what we've seen with AI4.
But first, Elon continued, "Thank you to
Taiwan Semi and Samsung for your support
in bringing this chip to production.
It'll be one of the most produced AI
chips ever. And then Elon was asked,
will this go into cars or the robots? To
which Elon said, Optimus and our
supercomputer clusters, AI4 is enough to
achieve much better than human safety
for FSD. So all along the expectation
has been that AI5 will of course go into
the vehicles to make FSD superhumanlike
from a safety perspective. But now with
Tesla rewriting the compiler and the
runtime and everything that we've
covered, they're now very clearly pretty
confident that AI4 is going to be more
than enough for unsupervised, which yes,
is another very strong anecdotal piece
of evidence for all you Hardware 3
owners. I'm not saying I'm now
guaranteeing that unsupervised will make
its way to hardware 3 vehicles, but I
would postulate that Tesla solving for
unsupervised comfortably on AI4 is a
very encouraging sign that at some point
we do see a version 14 or even a version
15 light that will make it to hardware 3
vehicles and be close to unsupervised,
if not all the way there. And I know
plenty of people have already written
off the possibility of hardware 3
running unsupervised. I personally am
not one of those people. Given what I'm
seeing in the world of quantization and
distillation and all of the efficiency
gains that can be made on the software
side, in my opinion, there's a nonzero%
chance that Tesla can make some magic
happen with hardware 3 when it comes to
a light version of the true unsupervised
model. Just remember the good news is
that Elon has already said he will take
care of hardware 3 owners, whatever that
may look like. So in the more likely
event that hardware 3 cannot actually
run an unsupervised model, Tesla has
already committed to making that
situation right when the time comes. But
before we get into AI5 itself, I think
it's important to call this out. Elon
just said March 18th of this year, AI5
will punch far above its weight because
the entire AI software stack is designed
to make maximally effective use of every
circuit. We co-signed our AI software
and hardware. Bear in mind AI5 while it
can be used for training in data
centers, is primarily optimized for AI
edge compute in Optimus and Roboaxi.
There's still significant room for
improvement. in the same half reticle
and same process node. We think a single
AI6 chip has the potential to match a
dual system onchip AI5. So today we're
just focusing on AI5. But I want to be
clear, less than one month ago, Elon
said AI5 would be going into cars aka
robo taxis. And there is a world where
when this post was made, AI5 was
actually already taped out or at the
very least close to at that stage. And
for purposes here, taped out just means
that the design is done. It's locked and
it's actually been shipped to the fabs,
aka Samsung and TSMC. So my point is
whether or not AI5 makes it into a Tesla
vehicle is still very much fluid. I
personally think they will ultimately
make it into the cars. But for now, the
new expectation should be that AI4 will
be the chip in Tesla vehicles for the
foreseeable future, which is a very
strong indication that the Tesla team
right now feels very confident about
what it can do with these smaller
models. And one more comment from Elon.
This one was January 18th this year. AI4
by itself will achieve self-driving
safety levels very far above human. AI5
will make the cars almost perfect and
greatly enhance Optimus. AI 6 will be
for Optimus and data centers. AI 7 and
Dojo 3 will be space-based AI compute.
So again, what Elon just said today
would be a departure from the middle two
bullet points. The way I'm reading this
is that Tesla knows that Optimus is
going to need AI5 and the processing
power and the bandwidth improvements and
so on. So right now that is the focus of
the AI5 program. Tesla knows Optimus
needs it first and foremost. But if
Samsung and TSMC can start production of
AI5 and get that to higher volume to a
level that materially exceeds the
Optimus production, which I think is a
very real possibility, from there any
excess chip capacity could find its way
into the vehicles, if not into the data
centers. And I have to say, I think it
should have already been obvious that
Tesla is expecting to solve unsupervised
with AI4 because AI5 isn't expected
until late next year. And obviously
Tesla is expecting to start scaling
unsupervised much sooner than that. But
who knows, maybe the market did need a
little reassurance that AI4 will be
enough for unsupervised. And now, real
quick before we get into this chip
design, just a few days ago, the FBI
labeled a recent data breach a major
incident and notified Congress about the
cyber intrusion. Meaning, yes, the
agency responsible for investigating
cyber crime, cannot keep its own system
locked down. And Surf Shark, the sponsor
of this video, just added a new feature
for when things like this happen much
closer to home and impact you. And for
those who don't pay close attention,
I'll just tell you it's happening all
the time. Surf Shark OnePlus now
includes up to a million dollars in
identity theft coverage for US customers
at no extra cost. So if your identity
gets stolen, and again the data suggests
it's a matter of when, not if. At this
point, Surf Shark will reimburse
expenses like legal fees, document
replacement, lost wages up to $5,000,
and even mental health counseling. Plus,
you get access to a licensed identity
theft investigator who does all the
heavy lifting of restoring your credit
and records. And of course, the best
part, this is on top of everything else
that Surf Shark is doing to prevent this
from happening in the first place. Surf
Shark's alternative ID lets you create a
completely separate name, email, and
number for new signup so your real
information never enters those
databases. They also recently launched a
content web blocker that lets you block
entire categories of websites across all
your family's devices. And you can lock
it behind 2FA so only you control what
gets through. And one account still
covers unlimited devices. And Surf Shark
just completed another independent
security audit with zero critical
vulnerabilities. So, if you'd like to
support the work I do here, you can go
to surfshark.com/electrified
or use code electrified at checkout to
get four extra months of Surf SharkVPN.
Now, this image was making its rounds
and I think a lot of people are
confused. It was comparing Tesla's AI4
PCB, the entire printed circuit board
that has both of the AI4 SOC's, these
little squares on the overall larger
PCB. That image was mistakenly being
compared directly to just one AI5 SOC
that has a new memory packaging strategy
which was packaged together on this
substrate which looks like the frame
right here. But the reason they
shouldn't have been compared like this
is because this AI5 is effectively one
of these AI4s right here. So the easiest
way to think about it is this image
comparison is taking one of these AI4
SOC's and removing it from the overall
printed circuit board and then blowing
it up to make it bigger and then showing
those changes from there about how AI5
is going to look. And so now we have
people saying that see I told you AI5 is
not going to have redundancy anymore.
It's only going to be one AI5 die. But
I'm just not confident that's the case.
I think people are just reading way too
far into things right now. So, I
definitely still think there's a world
where Tesla's going to have two of these
AI5 packages, I'm calling it, because it
does have the SOC and the memory and the
substrate all packaged together. And
then Tesla will take two of those and
actually place it on a larger PCB
printed circuit board to have two of
those AI5 chips just like we saw with
AI4 for redundancy in case one fails.
Now, we don't have anything official on
that right now. That is just my
speculation. Today, Elon also said a
single AI5 has around five times the
useful compute of a dual SOC AI4,
meaning one AI5 chip has five times the
compute capacity of two AI4 SOC's. And I
don't want to speculate too much here
based on Elon's wording. So, I'm just
going to assume that this number will
stay the same even if Tesla does move to
a dual AI5 SOC for redundancy, meaning a
dual SOC AI5 would still be around five
times the useful compute compared to
AI4. And that's because of my
understanding of how Tesla handles
redundancy. I'm pretty sure that each
SOC has to be fully capable of running
the FSD neural net in the event that one
fails entirely, meaning the useful
compute wouldn't change that much from
having two because they're both running
in parallel at the same time. Now,
looking at AI5, hopefully you've all
been watching each episode so you can
stay up to date. Remember how I said I'd
bring up co-was again, chip on wafer on
substrate, which is an advanced
packaging technique which Tesla plans to
do in the Terrafab, which is partially
what we're seeing here. So this AI5
design has the memory integrated right
next to the main processing SOC. And
then again, all of those dyes are
packaged together on this outer
substrate. And again, this entire thing
is likely going to be placed on a bigger
PCB in the future with another AI5 for
redundancy. But this is a big departure
from AI4 because of the integration
between this memory and the main
processing unit. Now, if you go back to
AI4, you'll see that these SOC's, these
individual dies are separate from the
actual memory, meaning the memory is
placed on this larger PCB further away
from the actual processor. which means
the memory latency of AI5 should be far
superior to AI4. These much shorter
connections between the processor and
the memory means that the neural nets
are going to have much faster access to
that data, which means improved
bandwidth and efficiency and overall
inference performance. And there's
plenty of speculation out there about
exactly what these memory dies are, but
we do know that Elon and Tesla have said
many times that AI5 will have n times
the memory capacity of AI4. And we know
that AI4 had 16 GB of RAM. And so 9 * 16
would mean that AI5 might have 144 GB of
memory. And 144 total divided by the 12
memory dies on each AI5 would be 12 GB
per die. But here's where I think
everybody's getting lost. So most people
think that the tape out means this
entire thing that you're seeing is now
permanently locked, which is not true.
Tape out typically just means that the
transistor layout in the die itself is
what's actually locked. So this middle
portion right here, the SOC, the main
processor, that will be locked with the
tape out. But it's steps after that,
which is the advanced packaging that we
talked about in recent videos where
Tesla will still have plenty of
flexibility to pair this SOC with
different amounts, types, and
configurations of memory on the sides.
Meaning hypothetically Tesla could use
this specific overall AI5 packaging
setup for Optimus and data centers and
then they could have a different version
where the processor in the middle is
exactly the same and the transistor
layout is the same but perhaps it would
have less or a different type of memory
on either side because perhaps to get to
unsupervised they don't need this much
memory whereas again something like
Optimus might and so given that this is
a memory on package setup for AI5. That
memory part comes after the die is
actually fabricated. And guys, if you've
been following along, what has Elon been
talking about time after time? How fast
they plan to iterate through different
design choices with the Terraab? Now,
I'm not trying to say that's going to
happen with AI5, but this is very
clearly the direction Tesla wants to go.
Ultimately, they want to be able to test
different configurations and layouts and
memory types to see what will actually
be best for their specific use case,
which again is one of the primary
benefits of Tesla taking the time to do
all of this because they can eliminate
everything that they do not absolutely
need. But don't take it from me. Late
last year, Elon said it looks like we
can bring the power consumption down
closer to 250 watts, which is a big deal
for Optimus. that talking about AI5.
Important to note that AI5 is a
specialized inference chip for the Tesla
AI software. That said, it'll perform
for our purposes much better than
anything else available. We would not
use any other chip in our cars and
robots even if they were free. And
again, one of the bigger takeaways here
is that AI5 has the memory integrated
whereas on AI4, the memory was external.
And this means a lot of things in
practice, but not the least of which is
that whether it's a robo taxi or
Optimus, it'll have much better context
windows, meaning it can remember more of
the scene at once. And not only that,
but it can then access that data faster.
Reaction times are better, the ability
to understand very complex scenes is
better, the overall efficiency is
better, meaning the power draw is lower
and so on. And there was one line that
Shinaka shared on X that I have to pass
along. He said, "The chip that taped out
this morning is not a product. It's the
physical crystallization of 9 billion
miles of learned physics into
transistors optimized for the exact
mathematical operations that physics
requires. The software trained on the
road. The silicon was designed from what
the software learned and the factory
that'll mass produce it is being built
in the same city where the cars that
generated the training data roll off the
line. The loop is closed. So even if AI5
doesn't actually make it to Tesla
vehicles, the same thing here would hold
true for Optimus. Everything that Tesla
has developed, the neural nets, the
world models, and the simulators. All of
those learnings over a decade actually
dictated what AI5 needs to be. And Tesla
is now making exactly that. And now some
people are saying, "Wo, this is actually
going to be made in Korea because of
this KR2613."
But if anything, it's likely that any
samples and early production might be
made in Korea, but then ultimately
volume production will be happening in
the States. And as Elon said late last
year, slightly different versions of the
AI5 chip will be made at TSMC and
Samsung because they translate designs
to physical form differently, but the
goal is our AI software works
identically. We will have samples and
maybe a small number of units in 2026,
but high volume production is only
possible next year. AI6 will use the
same fabs but achieve about two times
performance. Aiming for a fast follow to
AI5. So hopefully mid 2028 for volume
production of AI6. But I just wanted to
clarify volume production of AI5 will
certainly be happening at TSMC and
Samsung factories here in the US. For
now, it's likely just the samples that
will come from overseas. And just know
there are smart staff members on the
tech powerup forum saying that the DRAM
on this AI5 appeared to be LP DDR5X
memory integrated into the package. On
both sides there are two rows of SKH
Highix LP DDDR5X memory modules each
with three modules which would total 12
memory modules per AI5 chip. Now, those
ones in particular would have 16
gigabytes per module, which would be 192
gigabytes instead of the 144 we talked
about earlier. So, it's not exactly
clear exactly what Tesla is using here,
but truly it does not matter. Tesla's
obviously going to pick what it needs to
get the job done. But sometimes I like
to throw a little bait out there if any
of you want to go fishing even deeper.
And just for terminology before we move
on because I see some people getting it
mixed up. So this AI4 image, this is the
PCB, the printed circuit board that has
the AI4 SOC's, two of them on the PCB.
But then separately, the PCB is actually
part of the bigger ECU or the electronic
control unit. So yes, the PCB is a large
part of the ECU, but it's then the
bigger ECU that actually gets mounted in
the car and has the brackets and some
cooling interfacing and some other
parts. So technically a PCB what you're
looking at here is not the same thing as
an ECU. And one last thing on the memory
before we move on. Late last year Elon
said the decision regarding using HBM
high bandwidth memory has not been made
yet as the ratio of total parameters to
active meaning frequently used
parameters increases. The cost per unit
of useful compute and compute per watt
may favor relatively conventional RAM.
Meaning at the time Elon was thinking
about not using high bandwidth memory.
And that day he also said you can fit
more total RAM on the board if you use
normal memory, not high bandwidth
memory, and it's super cheap. Maybe high
bandwidth memory is still the right
choice, but using HBM is not the slam
dunk many people think it is. And as far
as we can tell, it looks like Tesla has
decided to use conventional industry
standard DRAM instead of the more
specific high bandwidth memory, which is
likely to reduce cost and complexity and
make manufacturing easier because those
manufacturing processes are simpler than
HBM, which means the packaging step will
also be a bit easier. Now, of course,
all of these decisions have trade-offs,
but the overall point is that Tesla has
the ability to make the decisions it
needs doing it vertically integrated.
And right now, Tesla happens to have a
job posting senior process engineer for
dialectric deposition for the Terraab.
The factory houses logic, memory,
packaging, test, and lithography mask
production under one roof, optimized for
rapid iteration. But here it says you'll
develop and own dialectric deposition
processes across three distinct chip
families, edge inference processors,
space hardened chips for orbital
satellites, and high bandwidth memory.
I'd commit those three categories to
memory because they're going to come up
often in the months and years ahead. And
another posting up right now, senior
process engineer for lithography for the
Terraab. I'm only sharing this because
I've seen people out there make the
argument that Tesla's only going to need
DUV machines and not the newer, more
capable, but harder to get EUV machines.
But clearly Tesla is planning to use
both, including EUV. Develop and qualify
EUV and R5 resist processes and qualify
scanners EUV and DUV from installation
through production readiness. So very
clearly Tesla will indeed need these EUV
machines from ASML. But this AI5 tape
out for Elon and Tesla is a massive
milestone. The teams have been working
on this diligently now for months. Elon
said he's been dreaming about it. And
the reality is any early success of
Optimus is going to be dependent upon
this bad boy right here. And I know some
of you out there are still frustrated
with the progress in robo taxi and all
of that, but please just understand the
foundation Tesla is building truly is
special. This stuff takes time and it
won't lead to results overnight. But
there will come a time at some point in
the next few years where we sit back and
look back at Tesla and barely recognize
the company that it is. And that will
only be possible because of all of this
technical design and decision-making and
risk-taking that Tesla undertook. And
Elon was asked what were the best and
worst parts of this AI5 tape out. He
said the best was working with a great
team of AI hardware and software
engineers. It was more fun than going to
parties on Saturdays by far. The least
awesome was that we had to make several
design concessions to move fast, but we
were able to finish tape out 45 days
ahead of schedule. AI6 with LP DDR6
memory addresses those design
concessions and has many new great
ideas. It will deliver a true doubling
of performance over AI5 in the same half
reticle size using the Samsung 2
nanometer fab in Texas. AI 6.5 will
further improve performance using TSMC
2nometers in Arizona. Note both chips
have around half of the trip AI
computation accelerators dedicated to
SRAMM. So effective memory bandwidth is
an order of magnitude greater than DRAM
bandwidth for any calculations in SRAMM
cache. Now not to be that guy, but I'm
going to save this explanation in
layman's terms for the next episode
because there is something else I've
been wanting to tie into this very
point. So if you're interested, you'll
have to stay tuned for that. Alexander,
who follows FSD developments closely in
Sweden, said that the Swedish Transport
Administration restated the EUwide
approval of FSD will only apply to new
vehicles produced after the approval.
They also say they have not yet received
any application from Tesla or the RDW as
of yet for national approval in Sweden,
which makes sense. That's not expected
to happen until early May. And they said
that there's really no timeline for when
this EUwide approval will happen. So,
the oddest thing in there, the Swedish
representative is saying that new
vehicles Tesla makes with support of
that decision can then be registered in
all EU countries. At the EU level and in
the committee, rules for the approval of
new vehicles, not used vehicles, are
handled. That is, updating existing
vehicles is something that falls under
national regulations in each EU country.
So, if you're a current Tesla owner in
one of these EU countries, no need to
panic. I'd imagine Tesla will have a
process to certify any existing vehicles
to send the OTAA update when the time
comes, but I just wanted to put it out
there as something to note and keep in
the back of your mind. And Jonas said,
"I just received an official response
from the cabinet in Belgium." Now, all
the response actually said was that we
are reviewing your message internally
and we'll contact you if more
clarification is needed. But I just
wanted to make the point that while some
countries may drag their feet and wait
for a more official EU committee
process, some other countries might be a
bit more proactive and are looking into
things now. Early reviews of 14.3.1 are
pretty strong. I would expect this to be
the branch that does go wide to the
fleet and it has started going beyond
the early access group. Zach said with.1
everything's polished and smoother
overall. He noticed improved lane bias
and preference changes. Now, I'll
believe this one when I see it, but he
said stop sign behavior is much
improved. It commits and doesn't
hesitate. No double stops that he's
seen. I tell you what, if that's my
experience with 14.3.1, I will be
jumping for joy because for me, that's
still one of the biggest annoyances at
this point. But clearly, as Spencer
shared, it's not all good.
And when you get the spring software
update, here's an example of what Grock
can do.
&gt;&gt; Hey Grock, can you remind me to pick up
dog food when I get close to home?
Got it. I'll remind you to pick up dog
food when you get close to home.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; One eternity later.
&gt;&gt; Don't forget to pick up dog food.
&gt;&gt; Oh, thanks for the reminder.
&gt;&gt; You're welcome.
&gt;&gt; All right, that's pretty cool. And on
Tesla's new safety score V3, there is a
blog post with more information. I'll
have it linked below. Version 3 has a
more accurate assessment of your future
collision risk based on over 26 1.5
billion miles of driving. Safety factors
are now measured against miles driven
without FSD engaged, ensuring your score
focuses on your manual driving behavior.
But again, miles driven with FSD engaged
get a safety score of 100 and are now
included in the calculation of the
safety score with FSD. The risk levels
assigned to the hours for late night
driving have been refined based on the
most recent data. Availability of safety
factors will vary based on your Tesla
vehicle's infotainment system and
self-driving hardware. So with version
3, your safety factors are only now for
manual driving. Meaning when you have
FSD engaged, you're automatically at a
score of 100. And Benny in Arizona
shared this screenshot that shows a
default safety score of 90 is used to
calculate the premium for your first 2
months. So his started at $260 a month,
but the expected future premium if he
was to maintain his current driving
behavior using FSD often, it would drop
the rate down to $180 per month. Now,
sadly, this is still not widely
available, but certainly a sign that
Tesla continues to grow more confident
with the FSD driving behavior. And the
question we were wondering from
yesterday, what about existing policy
holders? If you're insured by Tesla
insurance in any state other than
California, you will be upgraded to the
latest version of the safety score at
the time of your policy renewal. And on
this page, they do provide a table for
each different state and the dates that
are important for you.
And guys, how about Tesla's stock today?
Up 7.62% to 62% to $391.95.
And sure, the NDX was up as well, 1.4%,
but typically we see about a 2x
performance from Tesla to the positive
or negative relative to the NDX, but
today it was a 5.4x outperformance, but
I'm not going to speculate as to why.
There could have been some unusual
options activity. The volume was much
higher than usual, about 78% above the
average over the past 30 days. And as I
mentioned earlier, maybe the market did
need some reassurance that Tesla can
solve unsupervised with AI4. But as I
always say, it's usually not just one
factor. But I think these are the times
when the hype builders are supposed to
say things like, "Hey guys, somebody
knows something, which sure I guess is
possible, but look, only time will
tell." So for now, just enjoy it for
what it is. And don't forget, check out
Surf Shark linked below for anybody
interested. And I seriously can't thank
you all enough for supporting the
channel in that way. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.