Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: Why SpaceX Will SURPRISE Investors
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc_Oi8ttxBU
Published:   2026-06-07 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-07 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I realized the depth of conviction was
not there for most investors and it can
fall on either end of the spectrum. You
can just say I will just do whatever
Elon says all the time which is
generally not a bad idea if you're going
to want to just want to make money don't
want to put a lot of time and effort
into it and then it's the other side
which is if you can't show me the exact
line from point A to B then you're lying
to me and that's also not true. What I
found was for us it made sense to create
a depth of conviction where you can see
the business all the competitive
advantages they have and see the
opportunities for revenue driving and
then be able to then create models off
of that to say here's something you can
do your job as a financial analyst and
be able to walk away and say this is
helpful and I can have depth conviction
and trust them to make an intelligent
decision one way or the other because
there's so many opportunities to make a
ton of money here and it's really about
the infrastructure advantage and
vertically integ tegation vertically
integrating on top of that
infrastructure advantage that gives them
so much capability and you're not just
having to hope and pray and trust that
there's whatever's happening what's
going to happen with it.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is turning out to be the most
anticipated IPO in history. Yet many
investors are looking at it completely
wrong. They hear about AI data centers
in orbit, cities on the moon, Mars
settlements, and think that's
interesting, but that's 10 years away.
Why invest today? But here's the thing.
The SpaceX story may not be about
waiting for the future. The future may
already be arriving. Starlink Mobile
could dramatically expand Starlink's
addressable market beyond broadband. A
public listing could inject massive new
capital into the business, pulling
forward growth that many investors
assume is years away. And then there's
AI compute, a business that may become
meaningful long before orbital data
centers ever launch. Meanwhile, Elon is
making enormous capital allocation
decisions right now. How much goes into
Starship? How much into AI
infrastructure? How much into Terrafab
and next generation chip manufacturing?
Today, we're joined by Aaron Bernett of
Mach 33, who has probably done the most
comprehensive analysis of the SpaceX
business model anywhere. Because if
Aaron is right, investors may be
dramatically underestimating not just
where SpaceX is headed, but how quickly
it could get there. Aaron is the founder
and CEO of Mach 33 Financial Group. They
publish research and make investments in
space and expansion technologies.
They're widely regarded for their SpaceX
financial models and orbital data center
research. We'll also be joined by Larry
Goldberg, a serial entrepreneur and has
been an active venture capital investor
for the last decade.
&gt;&gt; Welcome, Larry. Welcome, Aaron.
Appreciate you both coming back on the
channel again.
&gt;&gt; Thanks to great to be here, Herbert.
So Erin, uh, we had you on, I don't
know, feels like a couple months ago and
you had the most comprehensive business
model for SpaceX. Now we are hot and
heavy. SpaceX IPO is coming on Friday
and uh, but the interesting thing is
SpaceX also dropped a lot of new
information now with the prospectus and
then even an amendment to prospective.
You've got more data to work on. you've
adjusted your numbers and this looks
like that uh that you've you've you're
going to show us that it's not about the
future. There are some near-term
opportunities because that is the
biggest misunderstanding that many
investors have right now. Uh what's your
thoughts, Larry? Um
&gt;&gt; well, last time we had Erin on SpaceX
hadn't made some of its really uh big
moves that it's made, you know, since
March. um you know the acquisition of X
and XAI
the um enormous move to Terraab
the move to you know data centers in the
sky and
I've been a client and a friend of
errands for some time and been you know
absorbing the work that he's doing and I
have to say that as a longtime SpaceX
investor and a longtime SpaceX follower
and a longtime follower of many analysts
in the SpaceX world. There is no better
analyst than Aaron and his team. He's
got an incredible team and they really
understand the company very well. So,
I'm pretty excited uh to to hear what
Erin has to say. And I have to say, I've
had a lot of fun meeting Erin in at, you
know, SpaceX uh at
at the launch of I guess it was 12.
Yeah, we it was just his last launch,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We were down there uh at
Star
&gt;&gt; We had some barbecue. Yeah. Texas
barbecue. Starbase is an incredible
place to be. Everybody should go and
visit Starbase now before they close it
down completely and we don't get the
kind of access we've been getting.
Anyway, over to you, Erin.
&gt;&gt; Well, a a couple points about Erin. Um,
I know Elon Musk loves you. Almost every
single post you make, he replies, he
comments, he forwards. So, uh, you do
the best work on SpaceX modeling. I know
that Arc Invest uses your modeling as
well. You, you collaborate with them and
maybe others as well. So, show us uh
your latest business model, Aaron.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um yeah, it's it's been fun to
uh kind of share what we're working on
and we try and we try and get as good as
we can. You know, when you're predicting
the future, you're guaranteed to be
wrong. Just trying to be less wrong than
everyone else. Um so, yeah, I've
appreciated that. And then, uh ARC will
be doing will be releasing their own
model soon, I I believe. I don't I don't
think I'm speaking out of turn. Um their
model is slightly different than ours.
We will collaborate on some of the
components of it. Ours is a little bit
different. It's a little bit, you know,
we go maybe too in the weeds on some of
our um assumptions and variables that we
try and tweak and and adjust. It's made
for super high customization. Um which
allows, you know, our clients to just
totally, you know, tweak things all over
the place, you know, the institutional
clients that we have. Um so yeah, love
to uh I can kind of show you what what
we're working on, maybe go through some
of our kind of a highle charts. um you
know news is breaking every single day
and and minute it almost feels like. So
TBD as far as you know what needs to get
updated. We'll be working on this for
the next week pretty much solid. Um
hopefully we'll be able to sleep a
little bit. Um what you're looking at
here is really our um kind of the way we
think about our revenues. So um you know
the the green is your Starlink the um
purple the darker purple is is your AI
compute and the customer launch a little
bit small. We do forecast out to 20 240
um because to really appreciate since
the way that um you know the business is
evolving you kind of need to see that
long obviously there's room for
flexibility because of that um when
you're c when you're trying to forecast
out you know beyond 10 years it's very
difficult um but I think this is pretty
instructive on what we expect to see
come from revenues over the next 5
years. Um I think it's important to note
that um just I don't know an hour ago uh
maybe a little bit less or more um
Goldman said that they're estimating by
2030 that their AI we we have it as AI
compute that their AI business um for
SpaceX estimates are like 322 billion
just on the AI side. So usually ours is
like significantly lower than that
today. You know we'll continue and re
rework and kind of reestimate. I do
think our team will be kind of tweaking
some of our AI stuff here over the next
week. Um, but really what we see is uh
revenue a lot more being on the uh the
Starlink side of the business. Uh we
feel that Starlink mobile is probably
underappreciated. Um and uh we expected
to see you kind of get to 2030 you get
to kind of where the IRRa of the
business uh for Starlink kind of shifts
over to AI compute. We run our model
based on effectively like an IRRa. If
you only have so much cash, where do you
put that cash? And um as you put that
cash in specific business, then you can
you know get return and as the IRRa of
that business as you make a little bit
less as you're putting up more and more
uh satellites and you know customers are
paying maybe the the cost of the the the
broadband is coming down then you want
to be putting that money to work
somewhere else where you can make more
money at higher ROI. So, that's kind of
how we've driven all of our models. Um,
and and that's really the logic that
that comes out in there. Um, I don't
know if you if there's anything you want
that I can bring up or questions on
that, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, I I would make one comment here
and it may not be that material, but
launch here is hardly a rounding figure
in your numbers. Um, you know, it's a
very small percentage. I think, um, we
are too conditioned by Falcon 9
experience. Um my own sense of it is
that launch is going to be significantly
higher. I think um launch in Starship is
going to go through the roof uh because
the capacity of those factories that are
planned and that we see and the the the
capacity of those factories are so
great. I think that uh unlike Falcon um
I think and the cost is going to go down
so much that the um the the TAM for
launch is going to expand as its cost
collapses. So I think that's going to
become a really strong business and
nobody's take taking any cognizance of
that. That's my sense of it but I could
be wrong.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. I mean it's it's totally
possible.
&gt;&gt; Okay. If you put your cursor back to
2030, that's four years away from now.
Um, and uh, I'm I'm happy that you're
very conservative on AI compute because,
you know, again, unless you tell me
otherwise, my understanding is 2028
would be when they'd start to, you know,
start putting up AI data centers in
space. But the Starlink is 228 billion.
I can't see the the exact number there,
but that the the Can you speak a little
bit to the margin though, right? That's
the key thing here. It's not just the
fact that the revenue is that high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a it's a fairly high margin
business today. Um, and you know, we
think that, you know, this this might
represent some margin compression as the
RPO and just the the customer cost
starts to come down. Um, but we have
several, you know, several different
things kind of in the works when you're
thinking about how that how that expands
over time. Um, I believe I have another
slide here, but I don't want to get too
far ahead of myself, but this is
probably a an extru an instructive slide
here on how to think about this
expansion of the Starlink business. Um,
based on our models, as you start to see
um, Starship come online for really
starting to put Starlink's V3s in orbit,
you really start to see kind of a fairly
sharp elbow here. Um the green in this
slide is the number of customers. Um and
it's kind of a backwards slide, but uh
we'll iterate on this one. And the that
the purple is the actual revenue. So you
start to see how the stacked version of
the customers, so broadband and direct
to cell, these aren't perfectly mutually
exclusive. They could be kind of similar
numbers. Um but um you know, someone
could also could have direct to sell and
they could also have broadband. Um they
could be you know, a customer of both.
And so this is the way we see those
customers really starting to accelerate.
You see that really starting to take off
in 2829. This was to the point of what
happens when you have money in the
business to invest in building up more
Starships to invest in building out V3
Starlink satellites um and really start
to scale the business faster. This is
where you kind of see the importance of
bringing in capital and using the capex
intelligently. if you put it in the
right place, you can start to see kind
of that pull forward and why it pull
forward and that kind of um you know
customer growth potentially is very
powerful. So this is um right like it's
it's potential there's a potential here
that this actually pulled forward you
know from
&gt;&gt; you know 2030 or 2031 where that elbow
would have been. Um and so this is the
way we think about it. Obviously they
could you know they could see more money
coming from AI compute and shift more
money that way. Our model is driven on
kind of capital allocation intelligently
every year and you know you have money
come in you use that for a certain
amount of things you try and figure out
where you're going to put it between
connectivity launch services
connectivity and AI you then figure out
you know where your starships work you
know how many starships do you have to
facilitate that if you don't have enough
for any one of those buckets the money
goes back and gets filtered back in and
then ultimately you know they generate
revenue and the money goes back in and
and kind of every year it kind of you
know logically kind of sifts through
that that way. Um, so yeah, I'm not sure
if there's any thoughts or or questions
on that, but this is kind of the way we
think about it.
&gt;&gt; Larry, can you put that in context? Uh,
so $221 billion uh by 2030 for Starlink
revenue and then we talked about the
margin even being much higher. So Tesla
investors, are you guys still sticking
with what you said last time, which is
Starlink is equivalent to the robo taxi
opportunity for Tesla in the same time
frame? I think that Starlink margins are
so much greater that even if the revenue
is equivalent, the actual margins are
just staggering.
You know, once your once your
constellation is in orbit, the cost of
maintaining that constellation is a very
very small percentage of the total. I
think with um you know with with your
robot it's probably going to require a
lot more work but it's about equ I mean
220 billion a year
that's you know that's like 10 million
robots equivalent
&gt;&gt; robot taxis
&gt;&gt; robot yeah and so so much more
maintenance so much more you know
supervision so much more there's a lot
more work involved. There's a lot more
overhead involved, I think, is what I'm
saying. That's that would be my guess.
But yeah, and and you know, and then you
still got optimist to come. So, it's
&gt;&gt; the the other thing that I would um kind
of, you know, caveat here, right, is um
I think Goldman's number on this segment
was like 140 billion. And so they really
said okay hey I mean based on you know
their models in in theory they're saying
hey there's a prioritization that is
going towards the AI compute side let's
not forget that AI compute can be on the
ground as as well right like it doesn't
have to be in orbit so they can start
you know let's just say they really
figured out a machine to put more on the
ground today they could actually you
know bring in some some revenue there
today. So I just like, you know, level
set. You know, our numbers are kind of
skewed toward this idea of like an IR
where the the larger IRRa until market
saturation is found is coming from
Starlink and therefore you prioritize it
as you would, you know, a good financial
person, the where's the best IRR there
could be reasons to strategically pull
some of that forward and and things like
that. So I that I like to just, you
know, kind of caveat with that because
obviously the future is going to be
nearly impossible to predict but clearly
Starlink could be you know we believe
could be quite a big a driver of
revenue. It's also going to be required
for the AI compute like a large
connectivity base you know to get to the
AI compute in in orbit as large whether
that's other customers or or themselves
it's going to be a big requirement. So
um they need to kind of do them in a way
that makes sense. They need to balance
that with how the ROI gets decided
between which business gets the cash and
the capital allocation. And we saw in
the S1A recently that hey, they're
probably going to need to, you know,
dilute into the future to bring in some
more capital and that could be Terafab
oriented. Um, but also, you know, it
could be a variety of different things.
Terafab probably the larger one. But,
um, that's the way we kind of think
about it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One one thing we should point out is
that this company is unlikely to pay tax
for a very long time. No matter
&gt;&gt; no matter how profitable it becomes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're they're reinvesting
heavily and they are not um you know
they are not really a it's Elon style,
right? I don't think that they're
intending to you know pay dividends and
and and book that kind of profit.
They're reinvesting into things. So yes,
I would agree.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
you know, with the
the big beautiful bill, everything that
they're putting into the ground,
everything they're putting in the air,
everything they're putting, you know,
into all of these rockets, all of that
gets written off, you know, in the year
that they invested. So, they've got all
of this capital is going to be against
future profits in terms of earnings. So
very very low cap low income tax base
for a long time to come.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Um so like we were
mentioning kind of the capital
allocation decisions that were that was
being talked about. This is the you know
again there's like two decisions being
made in any given year. If it was that
clean you know the world would be nice.
Obviously it's not that clean. they
could be making this on a continual
basis. But um the other main
constricting or constraint that you have
to think about is where are you putting
your launches um right because you
there's money to build the rockets and
then you also need to balance between
the actual money to invest in the things
that are going into the rockets. Um but
they need to have the space and all
that. Every single one of them has a
slightly different um optimization
around mass and you know sizing and all
this stuff. So this is kind of the way
we think about our model how this looks
over time. So if you focus on the right
the red line right now this is like the
way that we think Falcon 9 um is
evolving. We see there's kind of this
you know little kind of optimization. We
see that there's some opportunity to
potentially increase Falcon 9 launches.
This is a bit of a um customer derived
thing. We think that's really as most of
the customer demand moves to Falcon and
most of the internal moves to to
Starship. you could see something like
that happen. Um, as as as Larry pointed
out, the revenue associated with this
kind of thing, if we're wrong on this,
isn't is kind of a blip on the radar. It
doesn't quite matter, but we see our
model kind of saying, hey, look, there's
ways to use the Falcon inventory while
you have it for commercial. We saw the
recent thing with New Glenn, you know,
delaying some of their customer, you
know, launches inherently potentially.
This is how that looks. And then quite
frankly, you have some other small
launchers coming online in that 29 20,
you know, 2030, 2031 time frame where
they actually are able to, you know,
defense and all the other smaller launch
customers are able to kind of, you know,
have other options and then SpaceX can
focus explicitly on on Starlink or
Starship. Um, you kind of see that we
have a lot of these launches being
pulled into Starlink all the way up
until, you know, 2031. you'll see a kind
of a an aberition of it moving down and
then moving back up. That basically the
green kind of chart there that kind of
is associated with large swaths of uh
Starlinks de-orbiting on a 5year cycle.
So you need to kind of go up and replace
them. But it also uh relates to AI
compute pulling more draw um on the um
the total bandwidth throughput as well
as just Starlink itself as um you know
inflation and and uh GNI and all this
other stuff starts to increase over time
you actually are are fitting to that
curve um and and and potentially
increasing your bandwidth and selling
more customers as well. So you kind of
see those the way that happens. Um and
then what you see here is our AI compute
actually it's it's it's an interesting
thing because AI compute is the
computers are computers in in in AI
format on uh in satellite format are um
it's a fairly expensive satellite
comparative to Starlink. Um, so all of
that being said, it might actually look
a little bit like your um your number of
launches, like we could have done upmass
here, but your number of launches is
actually kind of tame from an AI compute
perspective. You saw the revenue that we
were forecasting was a very big
chunk, but the number of launches
probably could be tweaked to go more AI
compute here over time. From the model
perspective, this may be more of an
aberition of like how do we model AI IRR
and the revenues of it all, but it's an
interesting kind of way to look at this.
You actually have decent amount of
customer launches um competing in like
this, you know, 2030s time frame. So, if
you want to look at 2030 itself, clearly
it's a lot more dominated by Starlink um
you know, and and maybe the lunar stuff
starts to take off. Lots of launches in
lunar. It's a little bit sound 69 maybe
sounds like a lot of launches for lunar
stuff but they have to put up a lot for
um refueling and things like that. So
that's why there's that's kind of the
way we think about it. Um any thoughts
or uh
&gt;&gt; well I mean so am I guessing it
correctly that by 2030 you're talking
two a day
two launches every single day. Um yeah,
I guess what it I'm trying to
&gt;&gt; 600 you know 700 and then and then also
is there a way that uh you've separated
a launch for AI compute versus a launch
for Starlink. Would could they actually
have one launch that has uh multiple use
cases?
&gt;&gt; They they could generally speaking it
depends on where you're taking Yeah.
where you're orbital destination.
&gt;&gt; And so it seems unlikely. You know, I
think like if you want to hypothesize a
couple of things, probably Florida is
where
&gt;&gt; most of your Starlinks go.
&gt;&gt; I'll just point out two launches a day
is not a lot. They have they will have
four launch towers in two locations.
So, or actually five launch towers in
two locations. So, two launches a day
would be part of the course, I think.
And and right now isn't it almost like
one every two days kind of thing? It's
not
&gt;&gt; with Falcon. Yeah. But there's a very
big difference between the uh cadence
with Falcon as there would be with you
know Falcon they can only reuse the
booster. They have to manufacture a
second stage with everyone. Now that's
going to obtain for a lot of next year
um before they start recycling the the
the ships. But in the me by by 2030, I
mean, every single piece of that
starship is coming back in one piece.
And so,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's the cadence is going to speed up,
you know, quite dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a um I would I would if Elon
was reading this, he'd say this is way
too conservative,
&gt;&gt; generally speaking, from the buy side
&gt;&gt; from the buy side perspective. Um again,
that's the way we think. We we you have
the the company and they have an opinion
and they like this they give you the the
good opportunity. We like to do a
rigorous optimistic kind of uh review.
But this is part of why we even do what
we do because you don't have to, you
know, just, you know, write in exactly
what someone's being what someone's
telling you. If you do the do the math
from bottoms up, um it it still looks
conservative and still like has a really
strong um valuation. That's why I we
feel like pretty confident in in making
these numbers and putting them out
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you are very conservative so far from
everything I've seen. That's great.
That's I appreciate that you're doing
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we try and then there's other
people that will say we're not
they'll say we're being bullish, but I
think you look at this, you know, what's
coming out from Goldman and whatever. It
looks like, you know, we're definitely
on the on the low end there. Um so, um
one of these this is an interesting
chart. is the the prioritization queue
which I find to be quite quite
interesting. Um it's effectively again
like we we drove these um the way we
think about our model is really driven
by like you know IRR in any given year
you're deciding where to put your money
and you know when you have limited
spaces on your starships or whatever
where do you put that um and so what you
start to see is that the uh you know a
large portion of your starship capacity
in this case it's the starship not the
IRR but in this case you know the
starship capacity is dedicated towards
Starlink and starts to become more
dominant over time going towards uh
compute and then you see a big jump into
the uh you know the kind of the customer
launches that are coming up. This this
is this is the way the model's kind of
articulating this today. The customer
launches you know coming in later makes
sense like um I don't know if this is on
purpose but I think there's a lot of
debate on you know when and Starship
will have a clam shell that works for
kind of everyone. There's like Star Lab
and Voyager out there needing, you know,
basically some kind of version of a of a
clam shell. They can't use the PEZ
dispenser. This timeline aligns with
potentially when something like that
could make sense and could be built. Um,
so I'm not sure that that was it wasn't
hardcoded in our model, that's for sure.
Um, it's more of an aberition of the way
that the IR works. Um but let's be clear
like this they could be putting more
towards AI compute because they get a
lot more of their own uh return um based
on you know for fully vertical stack or
they could be you know sending more
customer launches which could also be AI
compute but it's for someone else. Um so
that's kind of the way to think about
the way this this gets um you know
allocated over time when you have only
so much Starship capacity it gets has to
go somewhere. Um let's see. So the the
AI compute. So right now our model is
fairly this is something well actually
probably the single biggest thing that
we're going to be reviewing over the
next 72
hours or so. um is
AI compute as an external revenue source
and our the module that we have in AI
compute is definitely skewed skewing
towards AI compute externally meaning
selling it as a you know renting compute
kind of like the anthropic deal where
you rent the compute versus actually
using it internally and what you'll see
is this sliver of of kind of AI apps um
sliver still in the hundred billion
dollar range but um you know this the
relative sliver is is not necessarily
there. Realistically, it might probably
start to, you know, inflate the curve a
little bit, but you could also just see
more or less a portion of the revenue
being eaten up by the green as as
opposed to the blue. Um that that's
really I think what we're going to be
spending most of our time over the next
little bit is really trying to make sure
we understand the AI applications now
that we have all the um S1A and A2 out
that we can really start to and we're
getting to see some of the road show
like what is their strategy that they're
talking about externally because the
strategy is quite important here. I
think it's quite obvious that you can
make a higher margin if you own the
application layer. this was a little bit
more fixated and focused on what we kind
of knew in the moment which is anthropic
deal and and things like that like what
what are people willing to pay for
compute and there's more of a direct
infrastructure sort of sales opportunity
um that's the way this yeah
&gt;&gt; if you if you look at their TAM diagram
TAM
most of the TAM sits in the application
layer
&gt;&gt; so you may want to they may want to
focus on that's what macro hard is all
out. So, you know, we shouldn't be
fooled by the anthropic deal because
it's it's just a set
&gt;&gt; it's just a set action at the it's a
short-term action to offset the revenue
requirement to to to get them to profit.
And I have no doubt that they will
expand that deal and continue to sell
time. But I think that, you know, Elon
is fixated on Macro hard and he's going
to get there and, you know, that I think
that's what that's what his focus is.
And so I wouldn't be surprised to see
them flip the switch, flip on you and
really expand that dramatically. Yeah,
this is more of a I would I would
consider this more of like an artifact
of you know the way that the the model
currently allocates IRR to like a known
thing versus a little bit more unknown
thing of like what the margin is like
just expect that that green like if if
the strategy is true and that is the way
it play again this is more towards you
know the later portions when yeah
&gt;&gt; this is 2040 number that we see at the
end here so it makes the 2030 numbers
and all the stuff look tiny um it's a
little bit more of maybe a chart crime,
but functionally speaking that green
could be a much larger portion could be
could be the majority as as we start to
evolve the model and the AI app side. I
would also um you know mention that
historically owning as close as you can
get to the customer is historically
where most of the the value tends to
lie, right? So that's why you would go
towards AI. That's what I'm going to
drive. That's what I was driving at that
you could expand that bright green
dramatically without taking away from
any of the other. It's free money and
that would hugely impact the value
because it's all profit. Every dollar of
that additional green other than the
selling cost is is pure free money. And
so the the potential rack of value, rack
up of value is gigantic. It's one thing
to sell time on your processor in space.
That's there's significant cost in every
hour that you every every
token you sell. But if you can sell the
application built on that token, that's
free money because there's no cost
involved to it. Just adds love if you
guys did an exercise Larry uh and Erin
where you would tell me how many AI data
centers will be in space by when and how
they compared to the existing colossus
that we have now like are we talking you
know one colossus up there by 2028 and
then 10 colossus by whatever and that
gives us a sense of and then if Elon
uses it for his own AI then that will be
enterprise AI that will be macro hard
selling and making all that profit using
those data centers, right? How many data
centers are we going to have by when?
What what is your model? 2028.
&gt;&gt; It's a question of what is the gig? What
is the wattage use the uh by each of
those dates? That's all we need to know.
&gt;&gt; I have the answer technically from our
model in here somewhere, but I'd have to
go dig into my uh
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; my uh spreadsheet, which is, you know,
10 plus tabs and thousands of lines
cumulatively. So, um, it I I would
probably spend an awkward amount of time
trying to find that number. Functionally
speaking though, from the, uh, you know,
28 is when we really you can start to
see this on the on the chart there when
you it's it's revenue focused and what
have you. Um, and and part of the it's
an again an aberition of the IRRa
calculation and and again, it's an
allocation decision. You know, where you
going to put your money? Having said
that, based because our Starlink seemed
to be, you know, the higher returner
early on, what we kind of saw was that
28, 29, 2030 is really when they kind of
flipped and okay, now the IRRa of
Starlink starts to come down and that's
when you start to truly scale this up.
Um, if you look at the actual kilowatt
per ton and all and you know, how many
how much mega wattage can you put up per
Starship, this might be the easiest way
to to realize this. um you're looking at
somewhere between the right order of
magnitude today or let's say like the in
the 5year window is 1 to 10 megawws per
launch. That's the right order of
magnitude framing. One would be, you
know, on the conservative end and maybe
they don't hit all of their metrics. 10
would be on the more bullish end and
they hit all of their metrics and
they're really optimizing and they can
obviously improve that over time, but
that's kind of like the
&gt;&gt; taking the mid-range of that. It seems
to be about 200 starships to get to a
gigawatt. That's what I'm reading.
&gt;&gt; So, how big is a gigawatt, Larry? What
What is that?
&gt;&gt; That's what you've got. That's the name
plate capacity of what they have on the
ground right now.
&gt;&gt; Colossus, it's one Colossus.
&gt;&gt; Colossus one and two gigawatt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Colossus one and two is a
gigawatt. So, did I say 500 launches
would get us to a gig? 200. Sorry,
that's right. 200 launches would get us
to a gigawatt. So all we have to do is
look at what point do we get to 200 uh
launches on on your diagram and and I
think that's the third year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's see. I've got uh
we have 200 2031 we have 210 launches
for the AI compute specifically. So
that's one
&gt;&gt; that's one Colossus one. That's Colossus
one and two per year being launched by
2031.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So So what I'm hearing and tell me
if I'm wrong here, Starlink is a real
revenue driver. It's bigger than people
think. It's actually happening now and
you've shown how how that grows pretty
quickly. That's why you keep saying IRR
because it's the return on investment
there is so high. Well, let's go and
keep making that go. But that's your
short term. But in the long term, you
got these AI data centers and then that
one's a little bit more conservative.
You at least put it to 2028, 2031 before
you actually get the gigawatt. But and
then that's what's going to deliver
enterprise AI. So that's the way I'm
thinking of it at this point. Is that
&gt;&gt; it's a it's a and it is an internal
enterprise decision, right? they can say
hey you know it's like the bigger
opportunity in AI is coming faster speed
like uh one of the things about orbital
compute it's like a huge differentiated
advantage is that the speed to you know
power to chip time frame is is in theory
the fastest especially as it takes
longer and longer to get things approved
and you know more and more banning of AI
data centers and stuff like that so
let's say it becomes clear and evident
you know, two years from now, 2028, that
this is actually becoming a m a problem
much faster and we still have the
demand, then they could say, listen, I
don't really care about the IR technical
IR might be a few percentage points
better, but it's it's more important for
us to, you know, accelerate this because
the opportunity on the AI compute stack
is so much bigger. Like there's no way
around it. Like it is bigger. It's just
about when you start to invest in those
things. So, um that that's the nuance
here of the model. You're trying to
predict things. A so there's just one
issue not just but the one issue we
should be aware of is the chip
availability you know whether we'll have
a sufficiency of chips to be able to
have the luxury of making that optional
choice you know so because it's a very
specific chip and it you know still has
to be developed designed developed and
proven uh so to get something into space
before 2030 is going to be a challenge.
It I suppose it can be done and and I
suppose there are ways to you know
ameliate problems and use what we have
at the moment. So these are very
difficult to divine problem
solutions
um and you know the team the SpaceX team
are bound to come up with better
solutions than we can imagine right now.
But but it looks to me like a very clear
path to putting you know gigawatt into
space every year from 2030 and rising in
in quantity. And I don't think there is
a lack of appetite on Earth for that
kind of uh compute power, no matter how
good we get at at at AI. So, you know,
there's there's no doubt that
at least starting in 2030, we're going
to see, you know, a colossus into space
in the first year and then possibly more
and more until we're getting two or
three colossus into space at a time in a
year.
&gt;&gt; I think I think that's an important
point is the the terrafab of it all. I
don't have a chart uh that kind of shows
the the chipping number of chips and all
of that stuff. Um so I can't like show
something visually that'd be better. But
um when we were doing our Terrafab
bottoms up like cost analysis, we're
trying to figure out hey is it just the
Grimes thing or is there other ways of
trying to understand the capex because
we do take into account terab cap capex
into this. Um but uh functionally
speaking uh what we found was the
hundred like a hundred wafer starts per
month. You know the wafers the you know
the big thing if you've seen Cberus
you're seeing the kind of the craziness
with the server stock. You know they're
saying basically
&gt;&gt; do wafer
&gt;&gt; these these big you know you know one
chip per wafer or something crazy. um
that can happen. But then you have the
you know what what more historically
would be is you know dozens or you know
hundreds of chips per wafer just depends
on you know the what they're doing
specifically. What it came down to us
was we realized effectively if you use
more align with maybe like an AI5 style
of of chip and and some of those and you
probably at 100 wafer starts per month
which is one10enth at least and could be
like 1/100th of a terowatt depending on
how you define these things um which is
like the ultimate terap goal. So like a
small percentage of what ter what Terafi
will ultimately be will produce
somewhere in the neighborhood of like
tens of millions we think you know our
rough estimate was like 44 million chips
I think it was and then you know that's
like you know one chip per Optimus two
chips per robo taxi and you have a lot
of chips left over is kind of the point
so um we think that they'll be able to
get to that obviously it's hard yield
will be lower um that was at like a 70%
yield
yield being lower like 10% to start out
or something really low, you know,
you'll build up into those chips. But
that's one of the reasons our orbital
data center uh crossover cost was kind
of it kind of jumps, right? It's like
whenever these equivalent chips start to
come online, you have this big drop in
cost.
&gt;&gt; The variables are
infinite. Um but you know we have to
make a
we have to make a choice. We have to
make a you know informed choice based
upon our own indivi everyone on his own
individual choice but SpaceX will
probably do it differently um is is
bound to do it differently. The point is
we can see the probabilities. We can see
the possibilities and the probabilities
and we can play with those. Either way
it points to, you know, 2030 being a
potentially blowout well 2031 really
being a blowout year where we see, you
know, SpaceX potentially returning its
entire capital to to investors.
&gt;&gt; I don't think I'm away. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, six years away. Six years away. I
I don't think I'm exa exaggerating.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I love that you did the terapab
chip bottom up. You did the launch
bottom up and all these uh infinity
&gt;&gt; Yeah. bottom
&gt;&gt; capital
&gt;&gt; to help us to help um like like there's
so much going on and so every week we do
an analysis and so sometimes it's a um
you know a small anal relatively small
compared to this like this is like a big
monster model with all these different
you know things and so as we were
building the model we had to ask
ourselves you know what are something we
need to kind of understand a little bit
better and so over the last you know 6
months it's all been analysis by
analysis by analysis trying to
understand what helps just un you know
builds to the mega giga model as what we
call it uh for for for SpaceX and how we
can make it work. Um but like you know I
do I think it'd be helpful to just
visualize that spot the IRR thing I've
been telling you about. um that um this
is guaranteed to change like you know I
wouldn't like fixate too much on the
exact the exact little nuances and
shapes of this but I find this to be
kind of instructive to help un to
visualize what is like how the model
kind of thinks and works in any given
year and try to understand hey if the
IRRa is a lot better in Starlink which
is in kind of the green sides here you
know where do we put the money so in
theory if this was the way the world
actually worked in 2028 they're looking
at it and they can get a 172% IRRa for
every dollar spent then you would put it
there right and you put more money into
those things this is the way that model
is orchestrated and you can kind of see
you know over that 2030 time frame as as
Larry was alluding to when the the the
Starlink IR starts to drop and the AI
comput starts to increase and become
more interesting and then you start to
see customer launch even take off here
this was an interesting aberration from
our models like why is this exactly
happening this way internally. Um, you
know, this is the the way that we kind
of you could think of it this way when
you think about like visualizing why
money is getting put in what buckets um
and how that evolves over time. I I
don't know that it's a perfect again
it's not a perfect example of exactly
what's going to happen, but it helps to
kind of illustrate, you know, um
movements in the model and and where
things are head are heading in such a
complicated business. Yeah, lots to
quibble on this one. Uh because it's
like shocking to me that Starlink would
be the greatest return on investment uh
in the next couple years because if you
hear about, you know, or you know the
billions of dollars you can rent out of
Orable data center or the enterprise AI,
we're already seeing Anthropic making
$50 billion in a quarter, whatever. like
there is like the use for agentic AI is
so much money that is it really ident is
really that much more u lucrative than
&gt;&gt; comes down to the profits. So we did an
analysis a couple weeks ago and actually
the low and again this build out phases
of these businesses just because you're
bringing in a lot of revenue doesn't
necessarily mean you have to kind of
build out upfront and you have to put a
lot of time and effort into hiring you
know really expensive PhDs and all this
other stuff who are who are you know
training models and and that kind of
stuff. So the the model companies are
actually making a lot they're negative
they're not making money yet. So that's
one of the reasons why you can kind of
say okay hey how much money can you make
you know what's the profit and so that's
where the margin comes in and then
that's where this comes in here the
thing is is telco makes a lot of money
from a margin perspective and has
historically um it's because they can
overs subscribe they can sell the same
thing and overs subscribe it 20 30 40
50x and so it is a very
&gt;&gt; um you know lucrative business so again
like I I I'm not going to sit here and
defend the exact numbers
because this is this is an ebing and
flowing kind of um kind of thing. But as
um what we found in our analysis was
that it was actually most of the margin
to date somewhere between 80% or more of
the margin in in AI stack to date is
going to two places and that is your
chip maker so that's Nvidia and the
other is uh your uh your actual
hyperscaling they're getting most of the
actual profit today obviously in over
time that profit starts to move into to
Larry's point to the to the end user
that's in today's moment moment in time
though it is all going to two places.
The vast majority is going to two
places.
&gt;&gt; Well, Anthropic would
contest some of the one of the things
that you said and actually so would uh
so would Open AI. They claim they're
actually making profit now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, you know, if you listen to
OpenAI's CFO last night, uh, on, um,
when you were there, you know, she says
she's making profit now.
&gt;&gt; So, I
&gt;&gt; it'll definitely make profit. It's just
a matter of when and and the time frames
and
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; and right when you're comparing when
we're comparing spot IRS in a given
year, that matters. Um, so like that's
that's the nuance, not that it's has to
be correct. you know, you know, five
years from now.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; And and it's part of why it's part of
why the full stack makes sense because
you if you can compress the the large
some of the largest margins today being
um in chips and hypers scale, then if
you can compress that down to cost, then
you actually get to make a lot higher
margin on the AI side faster because th
those margins will come. come into
Larry, you said this before, you know,
if you you basically have no upper limit
as to what you can charge. It's just a
value calculation, correct? And that
value calculation has no ceiling. So
that's great. And these these guys will
the these AI companies will have that
and then in theory 10 years from now,
we'll look back and say, hey, the tiny
little slivers are just going to the
hyperscalers now because they're
commoditized infrastructure.
&gt;&gt; And Elon is now a chipmaker and
hyperscaler.
Well, he gets to press it and take
&gt;&gt; every where in your model uh is the
revenue from macro from from the current
um deal with say anthropic or or any any
revenue from the current uh um imple
installation because that's that's a big
number.
&gt;&gt; The AI compute is not just uh orbital
data centers. AI comput is terrestrial
and orbital.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So let's look at that again. Let's
look at that again.
&gt;&gt; And it's both rental and their own
enterprise AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's Yeah. So this is what we
have today. Um
&gt;&gt; Okay. I see.
&gt;&gt; Now we say this says orbital and
terrestrial DC. You can see the reason
for the terrestrial is not being small
is because we actually modeled the a lot
of the power going towards training or a
lot of the the DC. Yeah. The terrestrial
centers going towards
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. These
are like again this is one of like you
know three I don't know how many
hundreds of assumptions we have in here
that can be tweaked. So there's a lot of
things that can change.
&gt;&gt; So there's no capital going into new
terrestrial
data centers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. O over time basically the way that
the orbital data center model kind of it
kind of biases towards orbital data
centers because that's the inference and
again like we try to be relatively
conservative on the AI app side again
because there's no ceiling. I'd rather
be on like what's the low end because
obviously
&gt;&gt; profit on top is fair is a big cherry on
top potentially. Um so trying to
understand maybe the infrastructure
layer which is easier to forecast and
things like that but the orbital data
cent's inference which is easier to say
like hey you know what's a cost per
inference um and then and then people
will pay for that. There's the
terrestrial data center is more like hey
we need to train the next big model um
that's driving the rest of it. So that's
&gt;&gt; okay. Yeah, I didn't real Yeah, I didn't
realize that these apps
they were combined orbital and
terrestrial. So the the terrestrial data
centers are relatively small and remain
small even as the orbital
&gt;&gt; drives up. That's what's that's what's
interesting about the model, right? is
is let's say so semi analysis came out
with this thing that said hey you know
it's going to be later when orbital data
centers are are more um you know cross
the curve and they could very well be
right I don't think they will but they
could very well be right and if they are
then what's beauty beautiful about the
spa the SpaceX business is they're
probably at the bleeding edge of the
cheapest earthbased data center so they
have the the decision to make do I put
it here or there so um this isn't this
doesn't kill a business if they're, you
know, it takes five extra years for
orbital data center to be a thing. You
just you're putting more towards the
terrestrial and there's benefits and
disadvantages uh to to any of these
decisions that are being made. So, it's
it's a it's a cash allocation decision
for them and a you know resource
allocation decision which is like, hey,
where are we putting our starships to
work and that kind of thing
&gt;&gt; and their margins will be higher terrest
terrestrially their margins will be
higher anyway
&gt;&gt; potentially. You know what? Uh, this
whole conversation, it strikes me, is is
such a parallel to Tesla. So, you can
see that Tesla has their auto business
and they're launching their robo taxi
and it's becoming a real business now.
You've got SpaceX with their Starlink,
which is a real business. But you can
hear Elon I can hear Elon now saying to
you, Aaron, uh, I've turning a SpaceX is
turning a whole new book. It's it's not
just a page. We're turning a whole new
book. We're no longer going to do
terrestrial data centers. uh and we're
going to go all in on AI compute and
just like he's saying we're going to go
all in on human or robots now people
like you can't model it because it's too
much too many unknowns just too many
unknowns just like they don't with a
human a robot so they're not quite ready
and I'm glad that you did not go crazy
with enterprise AI just because SpaceX
prospectus says$ 26.5 trillion doesn't
mean it's going to happen in the next
couple years I think you guys were
correct to say 2031 one and there's some
significant starts to grow there. But I
can hear Elon say, Aaron, you don't get
it.
We are now a cafe, dude. We're not doing
terrestrial anymore. We're not
&gt;&gt; we're doing this exactly why
&gt;&gt; this is exactly why I I give this like
caveat of hey IRR is one way of making
these decisions.
&gt;&gt; The law doesn't think that way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's not necessarily about
that per se. Um but but it gives you
something to like see like this is this
is the whole reason we do what we do. I
uh realize the depth of conviction was
not there for most investors and you can
fall on either end of the spectrum. You
can just say you know I will just do
whatever Elon says all the time which is
generally not a bad idea if you're going
to want to just want to make money don't
want to put a lot of time and effort
into it. And then it's the other side
which is you know if you can't show me
the exact line from point A to B then
you're you're lying to me. And that's
also not true. So like what I found was
for us it made sense to create a you
know depth of conviction where you can
see the business all the competitive
advantages they have and see the
opportunities for revenue driving and
then be able to then create models off
of that to say here here's a here's
something you can you know do your job
as a financial analyst and be able to
walk away and say this is this is
helpful um and I I can have depth
conviction and trust them to make an
intelligent decision one way or the
other um because there's so many
opportunities needs to make a ton of
money here. And it's really about the
infrastructure advantage and vertically
integration vertically integrating on
top of that infrastructure advantage
that gives them so much capability and
you're not just having to hope and pray
and trust that you know there's
whatever's happening.
&gt;&gt; But answer the burning question,
what's going to happen with the IPO
whether the
&gt;&gt; what's going to happen with it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, uh, so we've we've got
a valuation chart here that and and you
know, credit to the team that we've
done. Um, yes, this one this this is
we've
there's a bunch of different ways to do
valuation. There's different uh
methodologies. There's kind of a per
perpetuity growth modeling, which is
more traditional DCF. Um, there's um
exit multiple modeling. Um, and
effectively there's different reasons at
different times for it to make sense for
when you would use one. But I I I like
this chart. This isn't actually the one
we we did in in a different uh
conversation, but um I like this chart
because it kind of shows the range at
any given time. Um 26, 2030, 2035, 2040
of any given um valuation thing uh
valuation approach, sorry. So um
basically what we have is a range
between uh our our Gordon multiple which
is you just a traditional DCF 2.48
trillion so 2 and a half trillion is is
what we feel like you could justify by
the end of 2026 the valuation would be
based on our models um up to uh a higher
number in like the range of you know
five and a half. Again the argument
would be which one's the right thing to
use at what point in time. Internally,
what we think happens is earlier shorter
time frames. If you're trying to get it
down to today, makes might be more sense
to use the green line. But if you're
trying to figure out what it's going to
look like in 2035, like 2030, 2035 time
frame, it might make sense to use one of
these, you know, the gray boxes um to to
understand what the value could be
because it's just depending on how
things are done. Um and it's really just
financial kind of engineering here. Um,
but there's a there's there is such a
thing as an point in time where it makes
sense to use Gordon and then there's a
point in time where it makes sense to
use when you're trying to value years
into the future to use an exit multiple.
That's kind of currently what we have
and what you'll see is just, you know,
it's going to feel quite big. Um, I'm
trying not to shock people, but this is
based on the model and the revenues that
we're seeing come out, what we think
this could look like.
&gt;&gt; So, when does it become a 10 trillion
dollar company?
&gt;&gt; 2035
&gt;&gt; in this scenario. in this in this one.
Yes, it's in like that 2035 range. Um
but it's actually potent potentially
closer to 2030
&gt;&gt; somewhere between 2030 and 2035. Yeah,
that's
&gt;&gt; So if you're right, um
the 150
uh odd uh stock price on Friday
&gt;&gt; 135 135, sorry, 135 stock price on
Friday will close to 200.
&gt;&gt; It it's it's potentially that's the
case. I um when we're talking about
stock price, you are I I spent a long
portion of my career in marketing and
the reason I did is because I found the
human brain to be the most challenging
rather than spreadsheets. Spreadsheets
don't really change or lie or wildly,
you know, flip. And so
&gt;&gt; they don't have much of a temperament.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, emotions are interesting and
they're interesting challenge because
the things can change and wildly flip.
So, um, with that being said, I
understand not to that it's very hard to
really know what that means, right?
These numbers here are saying like
here's what the value is of what you
know over over a 15-year period. If you
take these and pull back, this is what
the value would be roughly speaking.
We're we're adding more Monte Carlo,
which is what like the baseline of the
way um, you know, ARC does what they do.
Um, we're adding more into this. We have
we have to run custom Python scripts to
do this. Monte Carlo means you Monte
Cara just for our audience means that
you take a probability curve of what
could happen on the upside, what could
happen on the downside for each of the
income lines and each of the cost lines
and you come up with some sort of
probability
uh based upon the variability. So that's
what Monte Carlo means. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this and the the model you're seeing
today and in in the description of the
model you're seeing today is showing
like one of all of the outcomes. But
when you do we have I have dozens of
assumptions that we need to Monte Carlo
and say okay this assumption could be
here or it could be a little bit lower a
little bit higher right and so when you
do that then you have to do you have to
do all of these rand I'm going to
oversimplify you know random simulations
between those two buckets and then do it
100 times and then like a thousand
different and then then you create a
very robust probability distribution of
what could happen. um what we did before
with ARC and what they're really good at
is like, you know, refining to the core
most important variables and then Monte
Carloing, you know, kind of randomizing
those and figuring out that probability
curve. Ours has got a lot more
customization into it and custom, you
know, there is such a thing as analysis
paralysis, but there are people whose
job they're paid to do that exact thing.
So, um that's that's kind of what what
ours is is tuned for. This is basically
just setting one variable and saying
here's what this could look like um that
we feel is reasonable um but it's it's
it's not fully Monte Carlo load and so
with that in mind it kind of gives you
that sense what I want to say here is
like I think the right question to me is
what am I telling my my parents and my
my brother and sister who are asking me
what to do. Um so to them even to them I
have to say it's not financial advice
but um to to for us when I when I think
about it I say hey listen this is a
company that you are if you are trying
to play the trading game you have to do
it in an intelligent way. I think this
is a dollar cost average opportunity on
the core infrastructure of the future
and if you knew that there was the core
infrastructure of the future to be
placed in front of you and you know
let's you just knew this was going to
happen it was guaranteed over 10 years
that you wouldn't be worried about um
you know timing you know one little blip
up and down you would be worried about
dollar cost averaging into that over
time um and then you were thinking about
that in the future so that's what I
believe to be the case I believe that's
the way I would be doing it if I is um
you know I am telling that to to people
that I care about but also not telling
them to put 100% of their you know net
worth into any given one thing and all
that stuff.
&gt;&gt; Um so you know everyone has their own
financial situations but with any kind
of risk that you can take you know
that's the way I'd be approaching it.
Not trying to play up and down in any
given time frame there are going to be
lockups expiring in the 60 to 180day
window. So in theory there's more supply
but there's also going to be more buying
from all the index funds. So the people
that are actually much smarter than me
on the market dynamic stuff are kind of
who we are stuff and then they take that
and then do all this like you know these
these calculations on top of that. I
don't know. Uh I I would assume that
there's some buying opportunities just
like there is with Tesla. Um where maybe
your dollar cost average is a little
heavier when it's goes down and a little
lighter when it goes up. But that's
that's a total assumption on my part.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Thank you so much, Aaron. Uh thank
you for sharing this work. You did uh
obviously the most comprehensive review
ever. You've thousands of variables.
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure if I can was bottom up.
&gt;&gt; I appreciate
&gt;&gt; Yeah, bottom up. Uh which is great. And
then you're seem to not go crazy uh you
know with just enterprise AI is going to
be you know trillions by two years.
You're very careful. you looked at
launch, you looked at uh chips, you
looked at all the variables that matter
and uh appreciate that um you yourself
say this is still flexible. We'll see
what happens, but uh the work you did is
great and a lot of people are looking at
it. So, thank you for sharing that with
the audience and they can kind of decide
themselves what they see in your
numbers, but at least yours come with a
lot more than just, you know, finger and
eye or just some sort of opinion. Thank
you for doing that. And Larry, as
always, you know so much about this as
well. Thank you both.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
appreciate it. Follow Larry on
lumicenti.com. And then Erin, how do
they get a hold of you? Mock3. What's
your website again?
&gt;&gt; You you could just find me on X and my
website's there. Uh, Aaron Bernett is
the best way to kind of get a hold of
me. I respond pretty well to OnX.
&gt;&gt; Outreach there. Yeah, OnX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just like you when Elon responds
to you. Thank you guys. file. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.