Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Everything Tesla Is Building Right Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTTCSAh-Ybw
Published:   2026-07-08 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone. I'm currently away on
vacation and we'll be back Wednesday,
July 22nd. Today your host will be CERN
Basher. CERN runs his own investment
advisory firm called Brilliant Advice.
Enjoy.
&gt;&gt; Hey Joe, welcome back. Let's uh let's
talk uh continue where we left off and
uh give some updates on what's going on
with Tesla and SpaceX. Here's uh some uh
a post from Joe Techmire uh from July
6th. um some Model Y's and the outbound
loss. That that was quick uh in terms of
uh producing Model Y vehicles. Model Y
L's, I'm sorry, Model Y L. Um from
announcing it to actually seeing the
vehicles on the lot, that's that was
pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. And there will be a total
bestseller. That's a very important car,
the Model X replacement. Much cheaper,
elegantly built, and extremely useful.
&gt;&gt; So, how much bigger do you think the
market opportunity is for the Model Y L
versus the X? Because the X didn't sell
that many, right? Between the S and the
X.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's definitely much much much
bigger than X because what's the problem
with X? Same with Cybert truck. They're
too expensive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; everyone loves the X, but I'm not going
to pay 140,000 bucks for a stupid car.
So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh I think this thing is like dramatic.
It's like maximum half the price. Uh I
don't know what the latest for X was
when it started, but um I don't know
what the prices is for the L. Is it
50,000 start price or 60? Something like
that. uh for the Y is like 60 61. I
think that's the the launch version.
&gt;&gt; It'll probably come down from that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think it's going to be it's
going to be much much more much it's
going to sell much more than the Model
X. Yes. But I mean X is also uh was a
very small market.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we continue to see expansion
at Giga Texas. And one of the things
that I'm very excited about is the
construction of the Optimus factory. Um,
in the background here is the main giga
factory for the autos. And this is a one
that's going to be similar looking and
similar in size, maybe a little bit
smaller than the main factory. And we're
starting to see quite a bit of steel on
on site now. Um, and there's a few views
here from from Joe Tech. Um, you know,
this factory is going to take a year or
so to build. Um, and then a little while
to to, you know, outfit and so on and
and be ready to start producing Optimus.
Uh how much of a positive sign do you
read into this Joe that they're starting
the construction of this now with where
the Optimus program is in its
development?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my theory with Optimus is is a
little little different to Roboaxi. I
think Optimus is a different calculus uh
from a business perspective. I think
Roboaxi is this thing where you need to
invest 10 years of R&amp;D to figure out if
you can make it happen. It's a little
bit of Hail Mary and pray situation that
went wrong for 10 years and then at some
point you make it happen which happened
probably last year that they realize
okay this we probably make it happen now
in the next two years so let's build
cyber cap. I think with Optimus it's a
different situation in a good way. I
think Optimus is much more predictable
because Optimus is not a zero to one
situation. Optimus can be faded and you
can just build amazing robots and start
selling them regardless how well they
exactly work because it's a sliding
scale. You know that robots right now
are not there yet where they will be but
you can be guaranteed that they will be
there next year and not perfect but some
form of economic value that is enough to
sell a million to indust industry
partners for pilots while they are
continuously improving. So when they're
already in 2028 or 29, all the partners
have tested them enough to understand
how they fit into the workflows. So I
think it's a much more predictable thing
where you don't have to wait for
perfection, which is very different from
a robo taxi. You need perfection because
non-perfection kills people.
&gt;&gt; With a robot, no one cares. At home,
they care, but not in industrial
settings. You just put this thing there
and make it do things. So once it hits a
certain threshold that's not even
economically viable, but a threshold
where it becomes functional and puts you
on a road to economic viability, you
need to buy a 100 of these like everyone
and test them and adjust your workflows
for a year or two while it's getting
better. And that's means it's very
plannable. I think you can start selling
tens of thousands of them next year
regardless what and I think this whole
his hysteria about like oh is Tesla the
best or is it not the best? Are they
behind the Chinese? Like no one even
cares if the ch if some Chinese company
is 10% better in like assembly of
something. No one cares. Literally no
one cares because it could change in a
month to both sides. And so it's a much
more multivariant complex. It's like the
internet. like the internet works but it
needs to be a little faster to be really
profitable. Doesn't matter. Build out
all this stuff and sell it because
everyone has to buy it.
&gt;&gt; They know next year is fast enough. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, particularly if there's a software
upgrade. So Grace Tal uh Tesla's global
vice president uh said at a conference
that Optimus will officially begin
scaled mass production by the end of
2026. What do you take that to mean in
terms of numbers? Yeah, I did a video on
that on Monday in a live show where I
focused on Optimus and explaining all
the dots that come together. I think
people are underestimating Optimus. They
underestimate the scale and they
underestimate the imminence of this
whole thing. I think we will see a
launch in August or September
where they go into full production and I
think we will see thousands of them
produced by December
and potentially even clients like
pilots. Um, and I think that's
happening. Yeah, I think it's a, you
know, it's, as I said, I think people
get a little confused with robots. They
think it's like cyber cap. It's not like
robo taxi. It's more like laptops, you
know. The laptops might suck. You still
sell them to business people and then
two years later they suck much less and
then two years later they suck even less
and you don't have to wait until they
totally perfectly don't suck. You just
keep selling them. You sell a thousand
then you sell 10,000 then you sell
100,000 then you sell a million then you
send sell 10 million
&gt;&gt; and it's not manufacturing constraint so
much. I think here manufacturing is not
the biggest constraint. I think
strategic supply chains for millions.
That's what you really have to plan long
term. But tactically, it's not supply
constraint. It's more like capability
constraint. But it's a more linear
function. It's not like a one zero
function like CyberCap. It's more like,
oh, this thing sucks a little bit, so
you can sell 10,000 for 50,000 each. Oh,
now it sucks much less. Now you can sell
a million for 30,000 each. Oh, now it
sucks much less. you can sell 10 million
for 25,000 at a monthly fee or something
and then you hit at some point the super
inflection point where it really flips
where you become supply constraint now
now you can say billions but you can't
manufacture billions and so what that
means is we might see commercial revenue
from Optimus in 2027 that's not even
insignificant that's what I think
&gt;&gt; does optimist then scale faster than
roboaxi does that eclipse roboaxi a lot
of us thought that roboaxi would scale
and then Optimus would be there's
another wave that came later. Do you see
Optimus perhaps eclipsing Roboaxi almost
from the get-go?
&gt;&gt; I think there are scenarios where
Optimus can outscale robo taxi in the
beginning. But I think once robo taxi
hits its mojo, as discussed in the
previous show, once robo taxi actually
works, whenever that is,
people dramatically underestimate the
scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. because then you can go all in and
you can deploy millions and tens of
millions of these things in a in short
order and I think the analysts
completely don't understand this right
now
&gt;&gt; is that requires this thing it requires
the robo taxi to work
&gt;&gt; and my concern is I don't know when that
point is because that's a very high bar
that means you can just produce them and
send them into their life and they just
know what to do I mean that's a and
never make a mistake So, I don't know. I
think it's happening by next year.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting though to contrast what
you said on the previous show about robo
taxi in terms of human intervention and
that being the biggest gating factor.
With Optimist, that's probably less of a
concern because if you had one human for
every, you know, three Optimi and then
it's one for five and then one for
seven, you you can you can grow that way
quite nicely. Whereas with Roboaxi, that
that's a problem.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you don't and you don't I mean
Optimus is a is a totally different
thing. You can also you don't need to do
that. The client can do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know like Zmens or whoever buys a
McDonald's they just hire them
&gt;&gt; and then they do stupid things and they
each one have a supervisor in the sense
you at McDonald's and there are like 10
people and they are five optim me and
they constantly do something stupid
maybe in the beginning. It's like what
are you doing? You have to flip the
burgers. I was like, "Oh, like
whatever." And then you make it work and
suddenly all of them work in the
McDonald's,
&gt;&gt; you know, thing. And then, oh, now they
can finally do burger flipping and
French fries, but they can't. They mess
up the apple pies for some reason. So,
no one cares. Like, oh, it does flipping
mistakes. Like, yeah, that's why it's a
pilot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's interesting, isn't it?
Because you can you can keep the robots
sort of separate from humans, whereas a
robo taxi, it's out in the real world.
It's got to be 100% safe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if you have a if you have
a Optimus that's 20% functional, you can
deploy this thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But if you have a Robotexi that's 99.9%
functional, you cannot deploy it. That's
the difference.
&gt;&gt; Lower scale, you can't deploy it because
you're going to have so many issues.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting distinction. Um, and
it's going to be interesting to see how
this this pans out. Um, shifting to a
different topic. Uh Tesla um charging uh
announced that over the last two weeks
they've installed uh 186 wall connectors
across public and private properties and
33 different sites. Bunch of these are
hotels, uh shopping malls, different
things. Uh it's interesting. I recently
was on a road trip, Joe, and uh I would
try to stay at hotels that had uh
chargers, and of course, they would just
say on the on the description that I saw
of the hotel, they had EV charging. So,
I was crossing my fingers that this
would be a a Tesla wall connector. And
sometimes it was, and even for the same
hotel brand, sometimes it was Tesla and
sometimes it wasn't. and my frustration
every time it wasn't it was quite
painful because you have to download
some app and try to make it work and
half the time I couldn't figure it out.
So I can't wait for the day when Tesla
charges are ubiquitous absolutely
everywhere and there are no other
charging companies because it's such a
pain. Um it's nice when you've got the
one app that you need for everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely.
&gt;&gt; So hopefully I find charging still very
magical. I'm a big fan of charging
because it's like you don't have to fill
in this stupid oil. I'm not even the
greenest person, but the idea that you
pour oil into this thing and burn it is
like it's like obscene to me.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. And most of it comes out as
heat. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's obscene. And the charging is
so elegant. So, even when I rent and I
had a nonTesla once just for fun, like a
Bolt or something, it's kind of fun. I
like all of these little vehicles. Of
course, they all suck compared to
Teslas, but even that thing, yeah, you
can charge it and it's all fine. So,
&gt;&gt; I like this one here. The Indianapolis
Motor Speedway Museum has some chargers.
You're you're going to, you know, see a
museum about motorsports, uh, gasoline
burning vehicles, and you can charge
your your EV while you're there. So,
that that's kind of cool. Um, Tesla's
launched Tesla home. Um, this is kind of
interesting. This is this is taking the
idea of what they're doing for Megapex
using Opticcastaster to uh basically AI
optimize your home energy environment.
Um so right now with with uh with power
walls and and so on uh there's an app
and so on that you can track all these
things on but what this is doing is
taking it a step further and basically
creating an AI powered AI optimization
tool to run your energy network within
your home.
Um this this is kind of interesting.
It's turning uh your home into you know
a software definfined system. Yeah, I
think it's very smart and it's I think a
strategic move into becoming an energy
company and I like this patent or
whatever they got with this compute
situation. I think this could be so hot.
What is it called? Mega
&gt;&gt; mega pod.
&gt;&gt; Mega pod.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh
yeah, I think uh I mean energy and
compute
will be just incredibly important and
energy is underrated. You know energy is
very important and it will become more
and more one with compute in my opinion
and all kinds of constellations will
matter distributed non-distributed all
kinds of things and uh intelligence will
also become something that's a totally
different prediction I have uh that
needs to become more private I don't
think you want your brain and your life
and your health and your deepest
financial secrets and psychological
secrets in Sam Alman's living room.
&gt;&gt; And so it's like
&gt;&gt; you want your intelligence at home.
&gt;&gt; So independent of the service component
of Megaport, it's also I I think it's
clear to me that in a few years, maybe
in five years, everyone will have their
own homebrain.
And so who gives you the homebrain? This
needs to be connected to your grid some
like to your energy. I think Tesla is
completely predestined especially with
Terra app to do that. And once they can
box compute for home use
via home cloud private totally safe
uh no cost for compute, right? Because
it's yours 24/7 thinking for you in your
home made by Tesla. So these are all
precursors to that and of course you
need a management app. So this is all
you know that's the longer term vision
you need distributed owned private
compute and energy
and this is I think it's converging into
that
&gt;&gt; it's interesting
&gt;&gt; again
&gt;&gt; this this serves sort of two
opportunities right there's the the
individual and optimizing your energy
usage minimizing the amount of energy
you draw from the grid or even perhaps
maximizing the amount of energy that you
can return to the grid if if you're if
they have a setup that allows you to do
that. And then secondly, when you talk
about what you mentioned on a previous
show about uh energy being the
bottleneck for these AI data centers and
where's it going to come from? Well,
Tesla has this system where you can
minimize the amount of energy you're
pulling from the grid at certain times.
That perhaps allows the data center to
draw on that energy, you know, where
where possible. Um, and Tesla's creating
the whole system basically to manage
that energy flow, you know, and small
scale at an individual house plus at
larger scale with a with a grid.
&gt;&gt; You can also like, you know, there are
there are insane new models like things
you could do in on a first principal
level. For example, we always talk about
okay, you need inference compute, you
need it in the cloud when people use
grog or something else. So where do you
get it from? from giant data centers.
Now the mega pot is why don't we do it
decentralized and let it compute in your
house.
&gt;&gt; But then you could do the next steps
like if you have Grock and you ask Grock
a question why does it send it to Mars
and then back and then redistributes it
and finds out that your house can
compute it. You could just save yourself
the whole mess and just send it straight
to Grock in your house, right? The
request. So
your own compute that you actually
control and own in your own cloud could
be Tesla compute that you get or lease,
but it's yours or whatever. But it could
also even be Tesla's model. Could even
be Grock.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And for most people don't understand the
exact difference, but it could be Grock
running locally in your home on a Tesla
pod and and protects the data so it
doesn't get into main Grock, right? So
there's enormous potential here and I am
not saying this has to happen this way
but it makes logical sense that people
want to own their AI more but they still
need a model which could be Grock they
need compute which no one has at home uh
and they need energy so and that would
of course create modes that could that
no one could ever overcome. I mean
anthropic cannot do that open cannot do
it. Google cannot do it right. So, who
knows?
&gt;&gt; The compute can be in the car. The
compute can be in a box. It's part of
power wall. Maybe that's the next thing
is like a power pod for your house that
has compute and and batteries in it. The
compute can be at a megapod that might
be stationed at a supercharger. Or the
compute could be in a in a cloud in a
data center somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The energy can be from the grid. The
energy can be from your home,
right? And it's it's sort of optimizing
and arbiting all that in real time.
That's that's pretty amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this this is cool. This is a image of a
house and you look at this house and you
say, "Okay, that's nothing fancy." But
in this image, there are two optimists
doing work.
&gt;&gt; There's one up here in the bedroom and
there's another one somewhere. I think
it maybe up here
&gt;&gt; in the kitchen, I believe. Yeah, sorry.
Down here. Right here. I see another
one.
&gt;&gt; Um, so Tesla envisions two Optimus, two
Optima in every house.
&gt;&gt; I would envision the same if I would say
them.
&gt;&gt; At least at least two. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anyway, more on this uh automatically
automatic energy management uh maximize
your savings u automatically monitors
your system and so on. Um, and then of
course, you know, connected. So, at
different times of the day, it's drawing
from your solar and charging your power
wall or it's discharging from the power
wall into your house. Uh, or certain
times of day, you might be drawing power
from the grid or putting power back into
the grid potentially. And then
automatically deciding when the best
time to charge your vehicle is and so
on. And by the way, there's an Optimus
vacuum vacuuming in the corner here of
this house.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and of course connected to the
to the heat pump as well. So yeah,
that's uh I think an interesting thing
that we be interesting to hear more from
Tesla. Uh, next this next one, Joe, is
something that I think is a long time
overdue. Um, particularly if you have
kids when they want to know uh how long
it'll take to get to your destination.
Now in the rear screen, it says arriving
in 12 minutes at 3:00 or 4 p.m.
&gt;&gt; Very cool. It can calm them down.
&gt;&gt; That's right. My my daughter is very
good at reading from the front screen
and little tiny letters that shows when
we'll arrive, but now she doesn't have
to. She can look at the the back screen
uh in the vehicle herself. So, live ETA
on the rear screen. Um and Ryan here
says, "This is very nice addition as my
wife often sits in the second row with
the kids so everybody can stay up
todated on when when you're going to
arrive."
Um and Tesla Australia, New Zealand
says,
"Are we there yet?"
I don't know where the tea went. Are we
there yet? Are we there yet? Maybe
that's Australian.
&gt;&gt; They can see the screen. Before they can
say the tea, they saw the screen,
&gt;&gt; I guess. Yes. All right, let's uh talk
about a sore point. Um not that Belgium
beat the United States in the World Cup.
That's that's another sore point perhaps
for some. We won't won't address that.
That's probably the biggest geopolitical
issue of them all right now. Uh but
Starlink uh aired an advertisement uh
during um
&gt;&gt; trying to predict the future is a
hazardous occupation. The only thing we
can be sure of is that it will be
absolutely fantastic.
I'm thinking of the incredible
breakthrough, the communication
satellite. These things will make
possible a world in which we can be in
instant contact with each other wherever
we may be.
When that time comes, the whole world
will have shrunk to a point.
So, this is not a new ad. Um, but it is
uh something that they aired during the
the World Cup game. Um, it makes sense
that Starlink would advertise. I think
that's kind of a no-brainer for most of
us to say, "Yeah, they've got such a
great product, they should be
advertising it." Um, but I guess the
question is, how do you feel as a Tesla
investor, Joe, that Tesla doesn't make
more use of advertising?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, I'm always not too I know
the whole debate, but uh I'm not so much
into that because when I look at the
margins and in EBIT projections, it's
all about robo taxi. Like if you sell 5%
more cars and you know spend 2% on
advertising, okay, you made net whatever
1%, right? It's like fine. It's a lot of
effort. It's annoying. Um, it's also
very different because your return on
investing advertising is much better
because you don't want to be in car
advertising because it's idiotic. That's
like annoying because you you go up
against the biggest spenders in the
world. Everyone hates car ads because
they're dumb. Staling is much more
interesting, right? It's really sticking
out. It's like, oh, it's you get much
higher ROI on your ads. Competition
doesn't really exist. It's rockets. It
looks very cool. So, you get massively
high ROI. And in Tesla, it's one of the
worst things. It's like soap. Like, oh,
I have an idea. We have a soap. Why
don't we do ads? It's like, yeah, that's
a great idea. Uh, so it's just very
frustrating.
Plus, in Tesla, Tesla's stock price will
be a function. Like, every single robo
taxi is the equivalent of eight Model Y
sales per year.
&gt;&gt; Per year. So, how I mean, you're not
going to do that with ads. Just focus on
getting FSD done. That's my take on
that. Um, so I'm not too much when I do
the math on it. Who cares?
&gt;&gt; And I know how annoying car ads are.
&gt;&gt; What about though? Instead of
advertising cars, you advertise FSD.
&gt;&gt; But again, you don't need to advertise
that stuff. You need to make it work and
you need to get it approved.
FSD, right? And I think then you get
massive PR and you get infinitely more
coverage in media value than if you
would spend money on it. So again, you
know, it's very facts driven and that's
your mode. That's your standout. You
don't need to advertise FSD because if
you're not approved, don't advertise it
because people can't get it. If you are
approved, do PR, which you don't need
because everyone's writing about it.
It's interesting because what about if
there was enough awareness of FSD that
then people started complaining to their
politicians about why haven't you
approved it? Do you think that could be
an interesting tactic from that
standpoint in terms of just instead of
saying, you know, you should approve FSD
because of, you know, because it's so
safe and certainly we see some countries
agreeing that's the case. All the
countries that have approved FSD and
other countries dragging their feet and
other countries seem to be dragging
their feet regarding, you know, issues
issues about FSD that aren't really
there. Would some kind of grassroots
kind of awareness campaign help with
that? Is that worth it?
&gt;&gt; Again, when I put my intuition quant
head on, like launching Cyber Cap for
example has so much more effect on
awareness than anything you can do in
spend that it would absolutely dwarf
something. So if you if you delay cyber
cap because of that indirectly through
management attention blah blah even two
months it would be the dumbest thing you
have ever done because once cyber cap
scales it will have an absolutely
enormous global effect on FSD sales
because everyone's going to say what's h
why like I just saw some what was this
Austrian or something dand I think it's
Austrian some
woman getting interviewed by this
important newspaper thing on online
about Elon and she's like oh it's all
fraud blah blah blah the usual stuff and
then they basically said it's a big I
think Austrian or southern German like
media outlet very mainstream and they
said like yeah people now fall for a
SpaceX IPO I mean think about what Elon
is promising people and she said cities
on Mars that will never happen but the
best thing is he's promising that cars
will drive themselves and that tells you
everything. So people are just
oblivious. I think it's insane. And so
what do you think happens if cars drive
themselves
and FSC is not that impressive because
normal normies don't understand? It's
like well CERN is driving his car. Like
no, he literally doesn't sure he's
sitting. But if it's like a cyber cap,
what are you? It has no steering wheel,
&gt;&gt; right? It's very hard to argue that
secretly the passenger is steering a
steering wheelless cyber cap. So I mean
for you it might sound trivial because
you have it. to know that it works. But
for everyone looking in, it's like,
well, there's CERN. He's cheating. He's
just pretending not to touch the wheel.
But once you have controlless cyber
caps, it's just totally game over. And I
when I saw this interviews like people
literally think it's a fraud. A lot of
people, they think it's a total hoax.
Cities on mass. And so I think the shock
effect of these cyber caps are
underrated. I think people will be
shocked especially in Europe because I
think still 70% of the population who
has heard of Elon thinks yeah he's a
complete con man sure his rockets
somehow land I guess which is kind of
surprise I don't know how to make sense
of that but look at the Teslas and then
he says they can drive themselves
just to drag them up and make them buy
the stock and then he runs away when
these cyber caps actually work it will
be a shock moment that is underrated in
the Tesla community because in Tesla
it's like next week it's going to work
because my Tesla works. No, that's not
what the world thinks and I think that's
underestimated and then people will
think this stuff drives itself. How can
I buy a different car than that? And you
can't with ads no one is going to
believe it's like yeah sure it's like
Elon like con man. So I think that's why
it is so infinitely more powerful to
just launch these cyber caps. Like I'm
not I'm not talking 10x more. I'm
talking a thousandx more powerful and
free because you don't need any ads on
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they are their own rolling
billboard so to speak. It's a bright
shiny golden car that really catches
your attention. Um I've seen now the
cyber cab, you know, parked several
times and I've been able to walk around
one and take photos of it. But it's
another thing when you actually see it
moving down the road, it has a certain
stance. It just it catches your eye
because of the way it looks. Also the
color and the shininess of it. Um it'll
really
&gt;&gt; even for me even for me who knows things
the difference between a cyber cap with
a steering wheel and without is big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because what you know I know it in my
mind but yeah there are steering wheels
there are paddles it drives around
whatever even if no one is in there it's
like whatever steering wheel but if
there is no steering wheel you're like
you're confronted with reality.
&gt;&gt; Yeah that's going to be an amazing
opportunity. Um this is there's no good
transition for this, but um Gwen
Shotwell uh recently announced that
she's uh participating in the Invest
America program and they're gifting uh
some shares of SpaceX uh to a Trump
account for each of more than two
million children across our great
nation. He says, um so every American
child, I think as of July 4th, uh under
18 can sign up for a Trump account. uh
the parents can on behalf of the child
and once the child um turns 18 they get
custody of of that account. Uh it's
essentially like a longer long
longerterm retirement account. They can
access some of the money for sooner. For
example, if they buy a home or
something, they can access some of the
funds. Um but [clears throat] in this
case for Gwen Shotwell, uh the gift
specifically goes to accounts of
children ages 11 to 17 that live in
areas with lower average household
incomes. and a bit more emphasis for
those living near a central Texas home.
So, it's interesting now that we've seen
this from Michael Dell, we've seen this
from Glenn Glenn Shotwell. How much do
you think this is going to become a
thing in the United States for these
superw wealthy billionaire people to
contribute to these kinds of accounts?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't even know the latest and I
didn't know they can give it to older
children. I thought it's only for
newborns or something, but I mean it's
an ingenious idea uh from Brett
Gersonner, I guess. I don't know who
invented this, but I think Brad
&gt;&gt; This is his idea, I believe. Yeah. And
here's a post from him that he posted, I
think, on July 4th, uh, talking about
the accounts. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I think every child that is born
gets an account with a thousand bucks,
which is huge.
&gt;&gt; Born from I think January 2025 through
maybe January of 2028 or something like
that. There's a period of time where
that's the case. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I thought forever. No, right now
it's just for three or four years.
&gt;&gt; Every ch child.
Are you sure? Okay. So, they have to
Yeah. I mean, logically, you want kind
of to give it to everyone
uh when they're born. And if you have
too much money, you can give it to every
one year old and every two year old. But
maybe I'm thinking too logically here uh
to kind of work your way up from the
bottom. And I think it's just enormous
because UBI was always a very bad idea
in my opinion, but universal basic
capital is a whole different story. You
know, everyone should have universal
basic capital in my opinion, but not
income because income turns you into a
slave. Income means you're dependent on
whoever gives you the money. Capital is
the opposite. It's your money. And maybe
some people don't understand the
difference, but if it's capital and you
can't touch it, it's yours and it
generates income, but you are your own
donor. Whereas income makes you
dependent on this government, which is
horrible. It's basically socialism. So I
think it's an ingenious idea. And now I
don't know what they exactly do. They
have these tactical things. I don't know
who decides who gets that, but yeah,
they're raising money and give it to
different kids. Uh yeah, it's
interesting seemingly that these donors
go back to Gwen Shotwell's comments here
is that they can be quite directed in
terms of who get the benefit of these
shares.
Um as I understand it now that when you
invest in these accounts, it's invested
in like an index fund of some sort, like
an S&amp;P 500 fund. But it sounds
[clears throat] like she's actually
giving, you know, a share to 2 million
children.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX. uh which is really interesting,
right? And so other wealthy individuals
that might have a lot of shares of other
companies could do the same and actually
have you know much more broad
participation at a young age of shares
in their companies which is kind of
interesting. Um I think this is a really
smart
&gt;&gt; kind of like yeah it's very like you
know that's the great thing about
America and also the dumb thing about
America that everything gets always
turned from being a systematic idea into
into an unsistatic idea. So, I mean,
great. Congratulations. Now you have
like the random billionaires giving
random shares to random kids and then
one kid grows up as 18 as a billionaire
and the other has nothing and then
that's also dumb. So, whatever. It's the
American way. It's innovative but
chaotic. Uh, fine. I don't like it's
great. I have no idea how this works. It
seems a little skewed because what if
you don't get any shares from her? What
if you get shares from her and the other
one is getting shares from Enthropic and
Enthropic goes to zero. I mean, the
whole point was to give all kids the
same basis of capital. So, the index
fund idea is kind of good. Um, but I'm
not going to criticize them for giving
children like stocks. That's a great
thing. I'm just saying it's a little not
the core the systematic solution of of
the income problem,
&gt;&gt; right? No, you rais a good point. Um,
the core of this program is my my
understanding is it's based on index
funds. If you invested your own money,
if your parents put in, you know, $5,000
per year into this account, that would
go into an index fund. But to the extent
that people want, wealthy people want to
donate to this program, they can gift
these their stocks and then it looks
like they they can sort of direct, you
know, who might benefit from the stock,
right? Kids in central Texas or kids
between the ages of, in this case, 11
and 17. Uh, it's kind of interesting. So
she's trying to, I think, to inspire,
you know, kids of a certain age, uh,
that maybe already be aware of SpaceX
and now they can actually own, you know,
a share in the company themselves, which
is kind of cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, by the way, once you turn 18 and you
get control of these accounts, uh, the
kids then can, uh, sell the index fund
and they can buy individual stocks if
they want to
&gt;&gt; or booze.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, it's a I think it's a
great idea. Of course, in reality, it
just makes the rich richer again. But
that's fine. That's life. Cuz of course,
people who are very savvy with money
will make sure their kids have more in
this thing. Then they will train their
kids to do the right thing when they're
18. And so when they're 30, they're just
going to be even more rich. But that's
life.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Joe, let's close this show
with a very non uh controversial topic.
Uh SpaceX and Tesla potentially merging.
So according to Kelshi uh 50% chance
Tesla and SpaceX merge within the next
year. I don't know how this you know who
knows. Um
&gt;&gt; I mean for me it's a there's this big
debate uh you know Alexander is super
bullish that happens like in a month or
something. I am more on the skeptical
side on the timing because it's an
insanely complex operation. SpaceX is in
the middle of price discovery for the
shares. There are not enough unlocked
right now. Uh the volatility of Tesla
and SpaceX this year will be insane. Um
so I think it's just very chaotic for
something like this to happen this year.
Uh I do think it should happen and will
happen very likely. Uh I also believe
you can't wait too long. Um so there are
pros and cons. I think also if you wait
6 months or 9 months Tesla will
potentially charge ahead by a lot. If
you wait a year, it might be balanced
out, but then you get into SpaceX
exponential stuff. Uh, and these two
turn into total juggernauts, which
doesn't make it easier, I guess. So, I
don't know when the right time is, but
right now it seems very iffy,
like now or August or whatever. Do you
think that if they did announce it, you
know, this month, next month, that Elon
would be able to sell it to Tesla
shareholders who feel right now that
they haven't gotten the returns that
they deserve by holding the stock over
the last 5 years?
&gt;&gt; Of course, it depends on the deal.
That's why I did my ratchet theory and
everything. You need to stabilize that
deal. I think if you do it without
stabilization, it's just not going to
work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because what are you paying with? You're
paying with SpaceX shares. How can you
ask people to make up their mind about
SpaceX shares in literally three months
or four months? Like you don't even know
what you get. So then you're to doing a
total gamble and say uh well you we are
paying that many shares but in four
months whatever they're worth then. So
you might get half of what it is now.
Like that's completely insane because it
introduces massive deal risk which then
massively influences the stock price
because then they the stock price will
not go hand in hand because then
everyone will say well no one even knows
if that gets approved and then you have
a total chaos situation. So if you
propose a deal, you need to make it
simple enough for people to understand,
but you need to make it sophisticated
with some form of ratchet if you want to
do it now. And I just, you know, given
the situation, 5% float, massive
unlocks, massive potential stock price
volatility between announcement and
vote, you're opening yourself up against
insane amounts of lawsuits, of course,
because everyone says, "What is that? A
5% float and then the stock got cut in
half before the vote and then you forced
me to like blah blah blah." at the same
time as a counterargument like is it
going to be better in a year? Who knows,
&gt;&gt; right? Either way, Elon controls the
votes of SpaceX. So, I mean, from that
perspective, that doesn't matter, right?
That's already in in his hands. And I
guess the question is, can he make the
case
that sooner rather than later is
critical for for merging the two
companies if he feels like they should
be merged, right? that we need to get
this done, you know, ASAP that these two
companies futures have converged. Um,
we've talked a lot in today's show and
the show show we did previously about
all the different things where Tesla and
SpaceX are working on together, right?
The the chips that you need for the AI
data centers, the same chips you need
for Optimus and the cars and all this
other stuff. Um, can you know, how
important is that that Elon sells that
vision? cuz right now I feel like he's
done a great job of selling the vision
of SpaceX over the last 6 months, let's
say, and leading up to the IPO that
makes sense. But we haven't really had
so much
him talking about the vision for Tesla.
They've been executing on the things
that he's talked about, I think, in
previous years.
Um
I think last summer I think he was
talking about master plan part was it
three or four. he was going to present
that and that that hasn't happened.
Um, so I'm just curious about your
thoughts in terms of where Elon's at
visav these two companies, the vision
for both of them and then him
articulating a combined vision for both
&gt;&gt; and also combined value and each value
contributor. I think yeah, he definitely
has to do that a lot. And the problem is
very simple that Tesla shareholders have
been flat and are not happy and they
think robo taxi is imminent. They want
to get paid and people generally think
SpaceX just has another three years to
go before that actually gets traction
and in the meantime will drop uh which I
don't think is necessarily true because
of this whole compute situation.
So the bottom line is it would be a
storm. That's what I think. If you just
announce it tomorrow, it's like boom, we
merge.
That is just asking for a lot of
trouble. And so whatever happens between
now and the announcement needs to calm
everyone down, creates a much better
vision of both and a much better feeling
about Tesla's stock and rotaxi and a
much better feeling about SpaceX and
what's actually coming before the
satellites. And if that all lines up, if
you either convince me and I'm already
half coincid
coming in before the satellites, uh that
Tesla gets appreciated more and has
robot taxi priced in more and that the
combined entity is going to make us so
much more money than the separate
entities. If all these things come
together, it's fine. I think right now
it would be bad. That's what I think. If
depending on the deal of course if they
if they tell Tesla shows we buy you for
900 bucks a stock a share that sounds
good then then what what do you mean
like 900 bucks in what currency at what
point in time of course
&gt;&gt; if you say well whatever SpaceX is worth
at that currency at point I would say
sure why not fine in my opinion
&gt;&gt; but if they say we buy you for 435
at whatever SpaceX is worth then then I
would say no are you nuts
&gt;&gt; put yourself now in Elon shoes. Let's
say you're Elon Musk and you've got
these two companies. You're moving as
fast as you can on literally everything,
right? You've got all these roadblocks
that you see and some of them are sort
of self-imposed because you've got two
different companies and boards have to
approve plans for terab and all this
kind of stuff. Just just put yourself in
that mindset. How would you approach
this?
&gt;&gt; I would approach it probably like this.
I would understand that my currency like
everyone will say yes if I give them
tons of money. It's that simple. If
you if Elon says here's 700 per share,
do you want that or not? Everyone is
going to vote. Yes. Okay. So, how do you
make it 700 share? Uh even if he says
600 maybe. Yeah, 600 would be fine. Like
something where you feel this is clearly
fine. If he says 500, it's already
getting iffy. It's like 500. I don't
know. Wait. Like if I was Elon, I would
say my main focus and my currency is
SpaceX. I need to make this thing
valuable. Very, very valuable. I would
build Colossus two and three and blow it
out of the water, which they probably
can. And I would focus on AI satellites
and say like, make this happen. If we
can get Colossus 2 up and Colossus 3 and
make a 100 billion in Ebbit while we
launching these AI satellites and by mid
of next year say boom game over.
All this talk about Tesla doesn't even
matter because it's about I'm rich, I'm
powerful, I'm the buyer. If I'm worth
five trillion,
I can buy Tesla for 2.5 trillion and
still save a lot of money because it's
not one to one, it's like two to one,
right? So, if I would put my super
dealmaker Elon hat on, it's like, well,
you guys can talk all day long. As
everything in life, it's about power and
strength, right? If I just if I'm the 10
trillion dollar company, what are you
going to say? you're going to say yes
because I can give you I can drown you
in money. If I'm weak, if I'm a
weakling, okay, I don't get Colossus, I
don't get Colossus 3, I delay the AI
satellites, the stock goes to nothing,
I'm toast. So, I think it's a game of
strength.
And
I think people overrate this robo taxi
situation. It's like it's it's going to
do what it's going to do, right? It's
going to take some time, then it's going
to scale, then it's going to scale fast.
Even even if we scale to 100,000 robo
taxis
that's only the equivalent of two like
two colossus one
50 billion a bit. So what are we even
talking about? Like even if robot taxi
scales pretty aggressively to a 100,000
by end of next year
SpaceX can easily outperform that if
they do it right. And so I wouldn't hold
back or I wouldn't even care about that.
that was like you Tesla people do what
you want or make it happen maybe launch
a little optimist they are not going to
bring in any significant abbiti might
but 100 is is my base case for end of
next year but it's still very bullish um
I think I don't know the details of
SpaceX I don't know about Colossus 2 and
three but I think given that you just
drove there everyone knows it it's
happening this is not very abstract it's
there if they make this happen and put
black wells in there and than 30% reub
100 billion in annual
margin coming in that's 200,000 robo
taxi equivalent so if that happens plus
you can then put in the next giant step
which is AI satellites with a clear line
of sight to 2028 at scale which I think
is definitely possible you will be
strong so my core thesis for Elon is
focus on SpaceX power because if
SpaceX's is powerful, the whole merger
is no problem because it's an
acquisition.
That would be my first principle
dealmaker approach. Just have power.
It's like a negotiation Iran versus US
or something. If you're a weakling, good
luck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If you surround the entire country with
10 billion carrier groups, then there's
no then you win. Is that simple? So the
question is, do you have these carrier
groups or not? And the answer is like
not yet, but maybe.
And do you focus on negotiating
negotiating tricks or do you focus on
building that stuff? I think building is
the better path especially because they
kind of already have it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so instead of like trying to time it
and all kinds of stuff, you need power.
I think as of today, they definitely
don't have that power. But if they can
pull off giant like launches in three
months and six months, they will have
power. They will have a lot of power.
&gt;&gt; Excellent perspective, Joe. Thank you
for sharing all that. It was uh great to
have you on the Cernberg show. Thank
you.
&gt;&gt; It's always an honor to be with Cernin
Bird's show. Yeah. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joe.