Channel:     electrified
Title:       OK Elon, This Is Getting Out of Hand ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2niPwTJbkQ
Published:   2026-07-31 23:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-01 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. For a few hours last night,
things got very real for Tesla when it
comes to this whole SpaceX merger
acquisition. But shortly after, Elon did
say this is fake news. And in short, the
Wall Street Journal report was that
Tesla was getting ready to sell off Giga
Shanghai so they could complete this
acquisition or merger. But Elon said
this has never even come up in the
discussion ever. Absurdly fake news.
People should assume news is fake until
proven otherwise. This would have been
incredible to dive into because as you
might guess, it would have had huge
implications and would have all but
confirmed this Tesla and SpaceX merger
was going to happen at some point. And
look, I'm aware there have been things
in the past that Elon called out at the
time as fake news that turned out to
have some kernel of truth in them. So,
trust me, I'll be eagerly waiting in the
wings if we ever get confirmation this
is something that's actually happening.
But for now, I think it's too soon to
break down all of the potential
implications. And all I have to say for
now is that Tesla selling off Giga
Shanghai is not the only option to clear
a path for this eventual merger. But
something tells me we will be circling
back to this at some point in the
future. Nitsa just came out with some
updates about how they're working to
fasttrack automated vehicles. So now
Nitsa is working to implement these
changes. One, they have allowed Zuks to
commercially deploy its robo taxis
through that part 555 temporary
exemption, which means they can deploy
up to 2500 vehicles every year for the
next 2 years. And I have to say, it's
painful on X to see how many people are
still seemingly so in the dark about all
of these exemptions and caps that we
have covered on the channel numerous
times. So, it's impossible for me not to
think in my head if these people would
just watch Electrified regularly, they
would already know what's going on. But
if you need to hear it from someone
other than me, Sawyer said he talked to
Lars in person and Lars said Tesla and
the Cyber Cab are not limited by any
type of vehicle cap. And that's because,
as we covered in the past, Tesla has
selfcertified the Cyber Cab, meaning
they said it already meets all of the
FMVSS, meaning Tesla does not need that
part 555 exemption. And as I said
before, in the future, could Nitsa
challenge Tesla's self-certification?
The answer is yes. But as more of these
federal frameworks continue to change,
favoring AVs, the chances of that become
less and less. The second thing Nitsa
will implement, the first ever AV
performance standards through a
partnership with SAPE. This will fund a
three-year, $5 million program, bringing
together experts to gather data and
accelerate creation of the first ever AV
performance standards. This project will
inform a single national standard for AV
safety to eliminate the patchwork
regulatory landscape that has stifled
innovation for years. So, on one hand,
that's awesome. But on the other hand,
this is a three-year test, and that data
is going to be used to create these
first ever federal AV frameworks,
meaning that framework isn't going to be
done for the next few years. But it's at
this point I need you to hear me. This
doesn't really matter that much for
Tesla because of what I just said.
they've already self-certified the cyber
cab and separately I think the easiest
way for everyone to understand this on
one hand we have physical vehicle
requirements that's what we're talking
about right now the hardware
requirements do these cars need wheels
and pedals and so on then separately we
have the other angle which is robo taxis
actually operating which states
currently have a say in so there's been
some proposed legislation like the
self-drive act that has been aimed at
the ladder which would be a federal
framework that would override the state
rules for actual robo taxi deployment.
But so far that has not really made any
progress. So this news right here is
only focused on the hardware side which
again doesn't really apply to Tesla that
much because the cyber cab is already in
the clear. So right now federally Tesla
has zero limits for how many cyber cabs
they can deploy. But despite that fact,
they will still have to go state by
state when it comes to actual robo taxi
operation. And to get a federal
framework that would override the state
rules when it comes to deployment of
these robo taxi vehicles, that's
something different altogether. So yes,
this news is quite encouraging for the
AV industry at scale. And yes, as these
federal standards are clarified, the
chances of Nitsa challenging Tesla's own
ruling go lower. But ultimately, this
news is going to be more helpful for
other AV companies than it is for Tesla.
Number three, Nitsa will implement a
rule that will modernize the application
process and improve access to exemptions
for these companies, including AV
developers. The Nitsa administrator will
have discretion to apply temporary
exemptions to vehicles made before the
effective date of an exemption grant,
which again would benefit a company like
Zuks that has older vehicles that they
could potentially bring in to actually
deploy for robo taxis, even if they were
built before all of these changes. And
yes, this does not apply to CyberCap
because CyberCab does not need the
exemption to begin with. Number four,
Nitsa will streamline the application
process for that part 555 exemption,
which again does not apply to Tesla and
the Cyber Cab. And number five, Nitsa
will be updating its technical guidance
for AVs, focusing on things like
emergency responder interactions, safety
management systems, remote assistance,
and postc crash behavior. So overall,
great for the AV industry and
specifically companies needing that
exemption, but that is not something
Tesla is reliant on right now. So this
federal framework when it comes to the
vehicle hardware still might not be
finalized for another few years once
this new testing program is done and
they gathered all that data. Now that
doesn't mean nothing is going to happen
for the next few years. They'll keep
making incremental improvements but
again Tesla is largely in the clear of
that entire process. The primary benefit
for Tesla now is that Nitsa has a lower
likelihood of challenging Tesla's
self-certification down the line. And
then completely separately when it comes
to the operation of these robo taxis
state byst state. We are still waiting
for news about some federal framework
for that which at this point feels like
it's quite far off. So to be clear, this
is not news about a new federal
framework when it comes to Tesla
actually deploying robo taxis where they
would not have to go statebystate and
follow each state law. We are still
waiting on news for any sort of federal
framework for that. This news only
covers the hardware for the vehicles.
Scott Stevenson posted a non-sponsored
detailed review of Factor earlier this
year, and I have to say he read my mind.
&gt;&gt; That smells really good.
&gt;&gt; It is good.
&gt;&gt; What is that?
&gt;&gt; Factor.
&gt;&gt; No, I know, but like which one?
&gt;&gt; Potato, bacon, and egg breakfast
skillet.
Ow. Oh,
bowl is hot.
&gt;&gt; It's first principles optimization. It
frees up mental RAM. It eliminates
decision fatigue. It could improve your
energy depending, of course, on your
baseline. And it is much cheaper than
door dashing all the time. And Factor,
the sponsor of this video, delivers
meals that are fresh and never frozen,
made with real ingredients, balanced
macros, and at least two vegetables per
meal. My wife has started a business and
unfortunately that means she is not
cooking as much and I'll be honest I
don't love to cook so that's where
factor comes in and it's actually early
in the day but as you can see maybe here
factor also has breakfast. Oh this is a
potato bacon and egg breakfast skillet
and I love how it tells you right on
here 21 g of protein 33 g of carbs 520
calories. I can tell you right now it
smells really good. So here we go. I'm
kind of excited. This is my first taste
test of the potato, bacon, and egg
breakfast skillet. Let's see.
Yep.
I would say
probably like 8.3 out of 10.
Yeah, it's really good. Honestly, I'll
reserve anything nine and above for
like, you know, world class type stuff.
I'd say on a week like this, I'll
probably have two or three factor meals.
actually will probably be the same.
Here's a peek in the fridge. Here we got
our stock. I think we got Yeah, six of
them in there. So, it's not like I'm
constantly having this, but again, if
food's not cooked or I'm in a rush, you
know, it's just super nice to have
available. They have newly launched
salads and globally inspired dishes like
chicken, coinisto, quinoa, and over 70
add-ons like green juices and peanut
butter energy bites, which is perfect
for life on the go. And just be careful
because if you have a sweet tooth,
Factor has you covered there as well.
92% of people say Factor makes their
life less stressful. So if you want to
check it out for yourself, you can head
to factor75.com
or click the link below and use code
electrified FB50 to get 50% off your
first Factor box plus free breakfast for
1 year. That's code electrified
FB50@factor75.com
to get 50% off plus free breakfast for
one year. electrified FB50
atfactor75.com.
This offer is only valid for new factor
customers with the code and qualifying
autorenewing subscription purchase.
Enjoy. But listen guys, the truth is
right now Tesla is not limited by
regulations when it comes to robo taxi
scaling because as Abby Manu did clarify
after I mentioned something this week,
the daily active fleet for Tesla's robo
taxis in Austin was around 30. So as I
said, we'll see fleet numbers and
counters that have the number up over
80, but that does not tell us the daily
active number. And so my point is Tesla
could scale to thousands of robo taxis
in Texas right now if they wanted to
with no regulatory hurdles. So, right
now, regulations are not the limiting
factor. Another quick PSA, Roya shared a
video saying, "Day four Tesla owner and
FSD in a parking garage crashed into a
pole." And there's the damage for
confirmation. So, around those concrete
barriers, shopping cart returns, chains,
just be vigilant. And some actual
limiting factors for robo taxi scale
right now. Arian shared he tried to take
a robo taxi ride at about 8:30 p.m. the
other night and he was in the car about
to start the ride, but support told him
to exit the vehicle and cancel the ride
despite him already being in the car.
And this was in Houston, so Tesla
clearly needs to clean this up a bit and
stop deploying these vehicles if they
want to shut down the service. Ideally,
Tesla would have canceled the ride
before he got in the car. So, weird
things like this Tesla is still working
through. And separately, there was a
video of a robo taxi getting stuck in
Dallas caught in a loop. And the video
was shared of the vehicle trying to turn
around at a dead end. After about 3 to 5
minutes being stuck in the loop,
apparently support had to intervene. And
you can see the message on the screen.
Poor connectivity, which we've covered
in the past as an issue. So, it should
go without saying, but Tesla cannot
scale to thousands of vehicles when they
still have things like this happening.
So obviously this is not safety
critical, but it's definitely something
that needs to get worked out before we
see scale. Tesla manufacturing shared a
video saying 10 million vehicles
produced globally. And don't forget, as
it stands now, milestone number one for
Elon's new compensation package is 20
million vehicles sold. So Tesla's first
10 million vehicles took almost 20
years, but the next 10 million will
likely take somewhere between 3 to 5
years, depending on how things go. And
of course, when they hit that, that
would only be one operational milestone
that would need to be paired with a
market cap milestone, but a topic for a
future video. But milestones like this
are a great time to take a second and
look back on Tesla and really understand
how far they have come. That Contour
Global PPA we talked about earlier in
the week that Tesla just signed. Elon
replied to that saying, "This is part of
Tesla's push for renewable energy supply
to our supercharger network." And it
seemed like some of you were saying I
was redundant in that video, but I want
to be clear, there were two separate
PPAs. One was with this solar farm in
Arizona, and there was a totally
separate PPA signed in northern Texas.
Also, separately, we learned today that
Concord New Energy has inked three power
purchase agreements with Tesla for solar
projects in the US. This for a total of
469 megawatt AC. When in full operation,
the three projects will supply Tesla
with about 1,200 gawatt hours of
electricity in the US every year. The
first project is expected to commence
power supply in the first half of 2027.
And yes, these deals were announced back
in 2025, but today we learned officially
Tesla is indeed the buyer. And just so
you know, these deals are exactly how
Tesla can say on its impact reports. Our
supercharger network has been matched
with 100% renewable electricity for five
years in a row. And again, given the
scale of these deals, I would expect
some of this to be matched with other
electricity use beyond just
supercharging in the years to come.
Tesla said, "Our first mega packs with
made in America LFP cells are on their
way to customers. These domestic sales
are made at our facility in Sparks,
Nevada, and integrated into Mega Packs
in California. This is a significant
milestone for domestic sale
manufacturing and energy security. And
remember, because Tesla is making these
sales in the US, they will now qualify
for that $35 per kilowatt hour tax
credit. And doing the math for the LFP
line in Nevada at around 7 gatt hours,
that would be roughly $245 million every
year in credits. But we have to remember
we have higher manufacturing and
production costs in the states relative
to China. And as we just heard on the Q2
call, it sounds like Tesla's gross
energy margins will be settling in
between 20 and 25%. And I think that
guidance would have had all of this
already baked in. So of course, it's
great for supply chain security and just
American production in general. And as I
always say, Tesla will never get the
credit it deserves for everything it's
doing for American technology. So, it's
an awesome and important milestone, but
I would not be expecting energy margins
to push back up toward 30% barring any
one-offs. I'm very eager to see how this
one develops. Tesla's hiring for a
megapod hardware lead. And this because
Tesla's working on this new hardware for
AI data centers and the big line in this
role, define go-to market approach in
product positioning in collaboration
with sales and commercial teams. So, I'm
not expecting too much from this program
this year, but I think this will be a
very interesting one. sometime in 2027.
As Colton highlighted, some new Cybert
trucks have carbon fiber underbody
panels. Wes said, "It's a new material.
Testing showed it to be more durable
than the aluminum while being lower
weight and cost. Also, slight efficiency
improvement since we can better form the
areas around the bolts to keep the
underbody air flow cleaner than what
stamped aluminum allows." And that was
on a Cyber Beast. And I know there will
be questions about retrofits. We don't
have the answers for now. There have
been a lot of complaints lately about
the Cybert truck's PCS or PCS2, the
power conversion system. Just think of
the onboard charger and the DCD/DC
converter. Basically, this has been
failing and in a lot of cases, it has
limited AC charging. And Tesla said, "We
have made design changes to address this
in newer vehicles. For 2026 existing
owners, PCS warranty is now standard at
7 years and 70,000 mi. And for 2024 and
25, the PCS warranty is 8 years and
150,000 mi. Starting in the next few
weeks, we will reimburse any charges for
those who already required a PCS
replacement and paid out of pocket. And
immediately, they've rolled out a
software update so you can keep
supercharging even if a PCS failure
occurs. And they've enabled free
supercharging for trucks waiting for
part availability. And today, we also
learned Nitsa is opening a preliminary
investigation into roughly 1.2 2 million
Teslas over reports of suspension
failures that could cause a loss of
vehicle steering control. Nitsa said the
reported failures in this new
investigation extend beyond the scope of
those recalls and do not appear to be
related to the production issue that
prompted them because don't forget there
was a separate investigation into a
similar issue years ago. There have been
156 complaints and this is covering
certain 2018 to 2020 Model 3s and 2021
to 2023 Model Y's. And shifting to
SpaceX, Elon said to the right in this
image is mini hard, which will have the
same 220,000 GB300s with 800 gig NIC's
as macro harder, but in an improved,
much denser configuration. And just know
these 800 gig NIC's are really just the
network cards that allow all of these
chips to communicate with one another.
So already SpaceX AI has innovated from
macro hard to mini hard. The latter
being a totally redesigned factory
layout. So everything fits into a much
smaller physical footprint. And the word
is mini hard is roughly 25% of the floor
space of macro harder but with similar
compute capacity. Say what you will
about what SpaceX is or isn't going to
do when it comes to orbital data
centers, but right now they are not
getting enough credit for how fast they
are accelerating things. terrestrially.
So to remove 75% of the factory
footprint means much smarter rack
layouts, much improved cooling and power
delivery and density, tighter spacing,
and as we always say, all of these
lessons learned will eventually trickle
down to Tesla and Cortex. And here is
exactly why this matters. So we have
Colossus 1, Colossus 2, Macro, harder,
and mini hard. And what have I been
saying now for months? do not sleep on
the compute lease deals and how that can
very quickly change SpaceX's revenue
projections. We know the anthropic deal
where they're leasing out primarily all
of Colossus 1 is $15 billion per year in
terms of a revenue run rate. And yes,
all of these deals have short-term out
clauses, but let's just assume they go
on for some period of time. Google is
renting out a portion of Colossus 2,
that's 11 billion per year, and
Reflection is renting out a portion of
Colossus 2 at nearly $2 billion per
year. So already under contract, we have
roughly $28 billion per year of revenue
for SpaceX, just renting out a portion
of its hardware. As far as we know,
Colossus 1 is 100% leased out, and
Colossus 2 is roughly 33% leased out.
And both Macro harder and mini hard are
in the process of being built out with
targeted completion dates sometime early
2027. So when these four sites alone are
done, we should expect SpaceX AI to have
somewhere in the neighborhood of 1.2
million GPUs. We'll call it 220,000 at
Colossus 1, 550,000 at Colossus 2,
220,000 at macro harder, and another
220K at minihard. So just using some
ballpark figures and anchoring to these
deals that have already been done. If
hypothetically SpaceX AAI wanted to
lease all of its compute once these
builds are done, that would be in the
neighborhood of $100 billion every year.
Now obviously they're not going to do
this. They want some of that compute to
train Grock and to use for its own
internal use. But as I will keep saying,
having this optionality cannot be
overlooked. And further, the ROI on
these lease deals can sometimes push
100%. Meaning right now, the economics
are favoring the companies that can
build out coherent compute the fastest.
So before SpaceX does anything with
orbital data centers, we need to be
talking about what they're doing on
Earth. For context, SpaceX did roughly
$18 billion in revenue as a company,
including revenue from XAI for 2025. So,
as you can see, one compute lease deal
could double the revenue from 2025. And
as even Jensen has said, it does not
make sense how Elon and teams are doing
things so fast. And they're bringing
these compute clusters online faster
than anybody else. And it's not really
that close. So, obviously, there are
plenty of assumptions baked into these
numbers. But, anytime somebody says,
"Oh, SpaceX is so overvalued." Just take
a screenshot of this and share it with
them. They'll likely have no idea what
any of this is. So you can go ahead and
explain it to them. And by the way,
look, I'm not trying to make any
arguments about SpaceX's valuation right
now. I'm just saying the Earth part of
the SpaceX story is very overlooked at
the moment. And further, there's a
report out there saying that SpaceX AI
has demand side 8 gawatt locked in. So
this is definitely not a guarantee, but
just so you understand what's happening
here, 8 gawatt could be in the
neighborhood of 3 million GPUs. Those
numbers I just showed on that slide,
that was for 1.2 million GPUs. And Gavin
Baker commented on this report saying 4
gawatt this year and another four next
year per this report. And the spot price
for compute has gone up since SpaceX AAI
signed their anthropic and Google deals.
So crazy numbers. But also in that
report they said regulation is the
biggest uncertainty. Every turbine at
Colossus 1 operates without a permit.
The legal endgame is binary. a
workaround fines and retroactive
permitting a relocation or a shutdown.
And SpaceX just said it will remove the
unpermitted turbines powering XAI data
centers near Memphis as it transitions
to a permanent 1.2 gawatt natural gas
power plant, but the turbines will not
be completely removed until July 2027.
SpaceX said it's currently operating 69
gas turbines to power the Colossus data
centers. And so hopefully this clarifies
why Elon buying that APR Energy recently
was such a big deal. In case you missed
it, that's the company that specializes
in temporary natural gas power. But get
this, the word is APR Energy's turbines
are not likely to be part of the new
Colossus Power Plant. The new turbine
fleet is likely intended for another
unannounced project. So again, that's
not official. But even if that's not
true, it is so clear the speedun is
fully on. So, the near-term Memphis
compute cluster for SpaceX could end up
in the neighborhood of 1.2 million GPUs
between Colossus 1 and 2 and Macro
harder and MiniHard. But the word is the
order book for SpaceX AI has that
pushing up toward potentially 3 million
GPUs sometime over the next 1 to2 years.
And those numbers I showed you on the
screen were just for the 1.2 million
GPUs. And this whole section is exactly
why even somebody like Rob Mau has said
that talking about pricetos sales ratios
for a company like SpaceX is ridiculous
for this exact reason. SpaceX will host
its first earnings call August 4th at
4:30 p.m. Eastern time. And I'll have
their own link below for their internal
investor questions. Tesla stock closed
the day at $31121
up.76%
while SpaceX closed the day at $108.37
down 3.41%.
This while the NDX was up6%. Don't
forget check out Factor link below for
those interested. Just be careful
because their meals are very good. You
might be having it more often than you
would otherwise want to. But seriously,
the variety on the menu is incredible
and we really do enjoy the meals. Hope
you all have a safe and wonderful
weekend. And a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.