Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Hidden Buildout Could Power The Next Decade
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLQCuTbjOyE
Published:   2026-05-31 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-31 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There is a whole lot going on at Giga
Texas. We're going to take a look at the
factory itself, cover all the progress,
and of course, if I'm going to do that,
that means I darn well better be talking
to Joe Tegmire because he is our eye in
the sky, our man on the ground, and our
wisdom in the sea of confusion. We're
going to talk about all the little
things that have changed and the big
things. And maybe we'll miss a few, but
you'll have to tell us in the comments.
Let's do that. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
So Joe, uh you've uh recently begun
flying over this little place in Texas
uh called Giga Texas. That's recent,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How many flights uh flight hours do you
think you've done?
&gt;&gt; Flight hours? Uh
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I'm
well over 50,000 miles of flying
&gt;&gt; of just in the drone. Um number of hours
probably
&gt;&gt; I don't know 20,000 hour. I don't know.
It's just a lot.
&gt;&gt; It's a lot. It's a lot. Uh, lot of
&gt;&gt; Never stop building.
&gt;&gt; What are you going to do when they're
finished? They would ask you years ago.
&gt;&gt; I said, "Guys, that's not finished."
Isn't
&gt;&gt; when they run out of land, it gets a
little bit less exciting. That's it.
&gt;&gt; You know, I was thinking, it was kind of
funny is when I started it, uh, which
was almost six years ago, by the way,
which is hard to believe. Um, but it was
covering Tesla in a factory. And little
did I know that 6 years later, kind of
like the image behind me is it's
becoming the center of Tesla and maybe
SpaceX and all of the stuff that uh you
know we see with Starship and and uh
Starlink and data centers and Optimus
and all that is blending together with
what's going on at Giga Texas. When we
think about AI data centers, Optimus,
robo taxis, autonomy, uh it's it's who
would have thought six years ago that it
would become this converging one
location. It's just it's crazy.
&gt;&gt; If someone had told you they're going to
move their headquarters to your neck of
the woods, they're going to uh build a
new star base. They're going to put the
Boring Company there, they're going to
manufacture u satellite terminals there.
Uh yeah, you'd have been uh Okay, sir.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; that's not what I signed up for.
&gt;&gt; Well, and uh I don't know about you, but
I have more friends now than I have at
any point in my life. Uh which is
unusual. Usually, as you get older, you
get fewer and fewer. And I was asked by
uh Herbert uh from Brighter. His wife
said to me, "How do you how do you
define friend?" I said, "Would I pick
you up from the airport?" And she goes,
"Yeah, okay. I'll count that. Okay,
enough of that nonsense. We got to
mention that if you haven't seen Joe's
channel, first of all, I don't believe
you. H and second of all, check it out
because the longer uh fresher versions
of anything I cover on this channel are
always going to be right over there. So,
do that certainly. Uh now, uh I noticed
something in your most recent video. Uh
bit of a traffic jam. What's going on?
Uh production is hitting another note uh
this week. Actually, they've been
working uh 12-h hour shifts. Uh they're
going to be doing that again uh today
and then tomorrow, which is normally a
nonworking day, they're actually working
10-hour shifts. So, they have brought
all of the production lines up. Uh when
I say all of them, I mean they've uh had
to get the Cybert truck production line
and their suppliers all set up so they
can meet uh what is looking like pretty
big demand for the uh the lower cost
Cybert truck and that production has
begun. Some of the customers, the
earliest ones uh have been getting VINs,
so we should start seeing deliveries
hopefully by probably mid to end of June
is my guess. But you can see that
they're making a lot of them. uh the
Model Y's and all the various uh
different variants of that are all being
produced. Uh you can see that and of
course cyber cabs are being produced.
You can see one right behind me. There's
they're actually starting to intersperse
within all of these vehicles. So that's
not like a group of just one or the
other which is a great sign because that
indicates all of the production lines
are working at the same time which is
sort of something we haven't seen over
the last say 6 8 months. It's usually
been kind of one or the other. So, I
think all of this is really great signs.
&gt;&gt; And when you look at uh the Cyber Truck
numbers, they look uh we don't know.
This isn't a fair representation. This
is the the beginning of those lowerc
cost models that were only offered for a
very short time.
&gt;&gt; But, uh the Model Y uh fairly popular
car worldwide. I think it's fair to say.
I keep having friends uh contact me and
said that another friend of theirs just
bought a Model Y. Um I had my my sister
was helping a friend of theirs. They
were thinking they were going to have to
get a maybe a used Model 3 like 22 23
because of cost whatever. Uh they made
the decision that the incentives that
are going on right now with the uh
leasing and everything and the financing
uh they went ahead and bought a new
Model Y. So, it's just it's I I this is
very anecdotal, but my my feeling is
that they're selling pretty well, and
you can see how many they're making.
&gt;&gt; Well, the Tesla stretch is real. When
the Model 3 first went on sale, Tesla
was under the misapprehension that it
would be Mercedes buyers, BMW buyers,
but overwhelmingly it was car buyers
trading in. Whatever was popular, CRVS,
Accords, Camry's were the most popular
tradeins because people were willing to
pay a little more. If you're going to
save $1,000 a year on gas, that means
you can afford a little bit more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, another indicator is
referral credits and the amount that you
get by using it.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh they have dropped a lot. It's not a
lot uh anymore. And and I think that's a
great sign because they're not having to
incentivize those purchases. Um, and the
other thing I would say is not just
Model Y's, but a lot of people who are
buying these new cars are citing full
self-driving as a reason. And I think
that's really encouraging, too.
&gt;&gt; So, out here we have got uh this is
where they have been storing
manufacturing equipment for the 4680s.
Here we are down by the racetrack. Uh
there's less equipment. What does that
mean? Well, over on the sort of the
northwest part of the main factory
inside there is where they are producing
the 4680s. And uh there was space for I
think it was eight lines uh individual
lines. For the longest time they had
four, but really it was like one and a
half for a long time as they were
working through some of the issues with
the 4680s and the calendaring and the
dry electrode and all that stuff. Um,
but now that it seems like they've got
that resolved and and everything that
we've heard with the uh, you know, the
the financial results meetings and all
the other communication is that they're
pretty confident where they're at. Uh,
they've been doing a lot of expansion
within that uh, entire section. And I
have been seeing u concrete slab
sections being removed. I've been seeing
uh, beams and other steel items going
in. I've been seeing a lot of these
cabinets and other equipment that is
associated with the production of the
4680s going in. And this is just uh one
of the storage yards for all that
equipment. Uh it in several months ago
this particular yard was almost
completely full and this is what's left.
So they have been doing extensive amount
of uh uh production capability increases
within the factory for the 4680s. Again,
again, I think that's a really good sign
because we know Optimus is going to use
them, Cyber Cabs are using them, the
Cyber Trucks are using them, and I
believe that the Semi is going to be
using them. So, the demand for 4680s is
high within Tesla. And the fact that
they are counting on that and we're
putting all this production line
equipment in, I think overall is just
saying that the health of the 4680
production process seems to be pretty
good. And that is the reality is you've
got a few very high volume uh demand
lines that are going to be uh requiring
them. If you look at just the amount of
cells that are needed, the sheer volume
of cells for the semi, I mean it's a
lot.
&gt;&gt; Uh so this does to me at least
&gt;&gt; it's like 10 Model Y's worth for one
semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it might be 11. It's a
lot. And how will you ship them? I don't
know. Maybe we'll use a semi. But there
are It gives me confidence that they
have sufficiently dialed in their
production to get them in motion. Uh now
we've got just next door here right in
the we've got this going on. Now uh when
we saw the early pavement going down, I
was just sure they would be done by now
were it not for you know barring an act
of God. Right.
&gt;&gt; What what h what happened? Well, if you
remember the like the first year of
building uh construction of Giga Texas,
we're having something similar now, and
that is torrential rains and heavy heavy
rains, big thunderstorms, a lot of hail
uh constantly coming through the area. I
mean, yesterday when I flew, I actually
had to wear long pants and stuff, not
because of going through weeds, but
because it was actually cool. I had a
sweatshirt on, which at the end of May
is unheard of here. So yeah, they uh
despite me being gone for about nine
days down at Starbase, when I come back,
the test track doesn't look like a lot
has changed. And that's just because the
amount of water. And you can see
evidence of that on the track itself
where uh some of the dirt is being
washed through. So there's a little bit
of erosion on some of the BMS, too. Uh
it just shows you that it's an
incomplete construction project that uh
doesn't react well with heavy water. Uh,
and it also is a good way of testing out
their water management system to make
sure it's working.
&gt;&gt; That does give you a nice early stress
test. This track will be done soon.
It'll be fine. I uh we now know that the
Roadster is going to be built right
there in Texas. Does that mean um it's
going to be out here sometimes?
Probably.
&gt;&gt; Uh I mean it it is a track and it is a
vehicle. It would be suitable to be used
for it. Um, one of the I don't know. I'm
not sure what to think about this. On
the one hand, people were asking why are
the turns not banked a lot more because
if you're going to be going high speed,
you would like to have bank turns. I
don't know. But on the same token, as
the Roadster is supposed to fly and also
suck itself down to the ground, maybe it
doesn't need bank turns.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Um, and then of course
it'll be for product development. So,
uh, there'll be a variety of different
vehicles. I actually recently got a
chance to talk to Wes Morurell about
this. This is actually his project,
believe it or not. And I pointed out
over where the uh ponds are and that
kind of infield off to the left. That
would really be a great place for a
Cybert truck off-road track. And he's
like, I don't know. And I'm like, you
got to do it. I mean, come to Texas, get
a Cyber Truck, drive it over there, and
go off-roading. I mean, what better, you
know, way of selling the product than
that? So, I don't know if that'll make
it, but uh but yeah, I was interested to
find out that he is the lead for this
particular project.
&gt;&gt; My question to that would be, how do you
not know? Because I can tell you right
now, we all know it would be
&gt;&gt; it would be a whole lot of fun. It
doesn't have to be something that's open
to all buyers. It could be just for
special exhibitions and whatnot. It
could be just with like uh the test
track in Fremont. You and I are never
ever allowed to drive on it, but
sometimes you can get a ride on it with
a professional driver. That would also
be reasonably fun. This will be done in
plenty of time for whatever the next
demand is. Uh there is no scheduled
demand for it that I am aware of. It's
fine. Yeah, I will go I would like to
say I go on the record that about four
and a half years ago I called it out and
I said this would be a great place for a
track, specifically an off-road track. I
didn't know about a track, but I'm like
this area would be perfect for that. So,
I'm glad at least a little bit of my
hope came to to pass. Um the other thing
when Lars mentioned about the uh
Roadster coming here, he implied now of
course it's Tesla and timelines, but he
implied that we're going to be getting
or seeing some evidence of that over the
next coming months. So obviously that'll
be something people want me to keep an
eye out for, but I'm really interested
to find out what is that. And I also was
thinking we may already be seeing some
of that now in the form of permits and
the form of equipment or materials that
are being brought to Giga Texas because
I've noticed um on the other side of the
factory near where stamping is, they've
set up a gantry crane with SPMTs to
bring some pretty large equipment.
They've uh have a a dedicated workshop
to unpack some of that equipment and
it's been going in throughout this
entire that entire part of the factory
and it's way more than what the cyber
cab would need and it is new production
looking like equipment to me. So maybe
maybe they are already starting on that
process.
&gt;&gt; And which part of the factory is that?
Um it's uh on the uh east side uh sort
of the southeast side by stamping and
it's going in through that section. And
the other thing I would mention
&gt;&gt; where where they had all the robots
parked for years.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Yes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the other thing I would mention is,
you know, I I I got a chance to be in
the factory where the production line is
for the cyber cap. There was still a
pretty decent amount of space that could
be used for something else. So,
it's all in that same general area. So,
permits, equipment going into that area,
and I know that there's space. Add it up
and see what you think.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Piece it together, folks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we are at the
&gt;&gt; This is the uh southeast corner of the
main building. The glasses where we find
a a couple of computers might be running
in there. And right here are again a lot
of what Tesla, SpaceX, all of Elon's
companies do is produce things at a
scale that defies reasonable
understanding from afar.
&gt;&gt; This factory is so big that when I
brought my friend to see it one time in
Texas, we approached from the south on
purpose so that it would rise up over
the horizon and just the skinny side was
staggeringly big to him. And then of
course we spent a minute and a half
driving past it at highway speeds.
&gt;&gt; This these uh heat exchangers are
massive. Those are what four stories
tall. Five
&gt;&gt; probably
I'd say four to five because the top of
the fans are about the same height as
the factory. And the factory has about
four floors. But these aren't normal
floors. They're pretty tall floors.
&gt;&gt; Right. When you're in final assembly,
you are on the first floor and it look
your brain says, "Well, that's the
roof." It's not. That's the ceiling.
&gt;&gt; There's a whole you're there's double
that above it.
&gt;&gt; Six of these are spinning, six at
present, six in motion. What does that
mean?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, they are used to cool the
data center, the computers. So, one
would presume that if all of them are
working that there's a lot of compute
going on. And this particular computer
center is dedicated to full self-driving
training. And we all know that we want
to see the full self-driving uh the
latest version which I think is starting
to roll out. I got 14.3 just this
morning. We want to get that out to more
people. But it's also important for the
robo taxi fleet and we're looking to see
what they're doing with the training. So
having all of those fans going full
boore is maybe a good sign.
I just checked. I'm still at 1432. I'll
get it. I'll get it soon. I'll get it
soon. So, this is uh you know, a fairly
large uh bit of compute, a fairly decent
uh bit of data to be crunching. We're
going to skip over the construction site
on the southeast.
&gt;&gt; Go back a little bit. You had a material
staging yard right by the parking
garage. Right. And just a little bit
more right there. if you can just uh
what I'm trying to point out is that
there's some pretty interesting pieces
of equipment there. Some of them are in
crates and it's not this one. It's it's
back a little bit. This is just those
are the trailers and stuff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that
&gt;&gt; right there. So, you can see a lot of
these crates there. And then Yeah, this
is a great shot. So, there's a lot of
crates here. We've seen a lot of
production line equipment and robots
being brought into here and then moved
into the factory. And we're seeing even
more of it right now. And you can you
can tell uh with all those crates. And
at the bottom of the screen, you see
those tanks. They're all listed for body
and white, but we already know that body
and white's functional. So why do they
need new tanks?
&gt;&gt; And Cyber Cab doesn't really do body and
white,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So these are the kind of the signs
or the indicators along with permits
that uh makes me think that some of what
Lars was talking about may already be in
in motion.
&gt;&gt; Uh that will be a tremendous relief to a
lot of people who've been waiting an
awfully long time. So we looked at that
really cool uh computer center, the
whole data operation. And if we go out
we will see there we go. This is a
different data center.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They can't just have one.
They got to go big. It's Texas.
&gt;&gt; Well, we've we can see six more cooling
towers. Six more on the way. Three of
these already in motion, plus all of
these temporary ones, which we assume
may be removed uh as the larger ones
come online.
&gt;&gt; It's Tesla. You never know what they're
going to do. Um, how is this not a liked
video? Like the videos.
&gt;&gt; I'm Oh, you know what it is is I'd
switched accounts. I went back to my
account
&gt;&gt; cuz I've got a premium account that's,
you know, adree that I do everything on
except it's got all my kids suggestions
on.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. So, because I I was just sure
anyway on this uh that's a bit the fact
that we're already seeing the cooling
towers in operation and all of these
temporary uh heat exchangers. Does that
mean they're already crunching stuff in
there?
&gt;&gt; Yes, actually I think it was in April.
Um I I've known for a while that that
was the target to try to get it uh
partially operational. You can think of
this as two parts. You have the initial
part that they wanted to get operational
as soon as possible and then you have
the second part which they're working on
with the goal of probably around end of
summer fall was when they would like to
have that so that they have both parts
operational and uh even in the uh I
think the financial results meeting for
first quarter they talked about the fact
that it did go operational in April.
What they're using this for is training
for the Optimus robot or at least that's
what they have said that it is for you.
I mean it's similar training. Maybe
they're using it for full self-driving
considering that's more you know
&gt;&gt; urgent
&gt;&gt; right now but uh but yeah so so about
half of its capacity is operational. The
cooling the temporary coolers that you
see are to augment the fact that uh they
are they just finished the first part
and they're still working on the second
part and there's a lot of internal stuff
that's still being hooked up and it's
classic Tesla that agile project
management agile construction processes.
Yeah, the walls are still going up, but
we're gonna be producing. So, that's
what they're doing. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, you can That's
&gt;&gt; crazy.
&gt;&gt; It is. It's It's actually um it's very
unique. Uh we see that replicated
through all of Elon's companies. So, if
you go to Starbase, you see the same
kind of thing. Uh if you go out to
Bassrop, you see the same kind of thing.
And it is it it has a lot of strengths.
It has a few weaknesses with that
process, too. But overall it gets them
it's it comes from building software and
the idea is that rather than waiting for
the software to be completely done and
then sending it out you send it out in
release trains and you get a
progressively increasing capability of
the software and they do that with
construction too. Um but uh so that's
what's going on. And right next to the
uh cooling tower, you see those white
boxes right there. Those are some of the
current 130 mega packs just for Cortex
2. And uh if we, you know, we'll move
around.
&gt;&gt; That is of course the next item on my
notes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Is right there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so in conjunction with all of
those cooling systems, and it looks like
they're using mega packs on the east
side, but on the west side is the giant
amount of mega packs. As I mentioned,
there's about 130 that have currently
been installed. And you see the in the
big group in the top right. And you see
the in the middle more being added in.
And there was about 18 more mega packs
that had been delivered. About uh eight
of them had been installed. 10 more are
over on the u the east side next to the
second uh chiller right there. And you
know the first chiller has I think 14.
So this suggests that these are being
set aside to be on this side. So
there'll be a total of 28 on the east
side and on the west side it's going to
be public math I think 20 no 362 more or
something. No 262 more. So the total is
here it's going to be close to about 250
260 once it's completed which and and
they also have two other mega pack sites
here. Uh the total of the other two is
140. So together it's going to be
somewhere around 400 megaps at Giga
Texas when they're all installed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you know why not? Of course it's
uh just a little bit of little bit of
juice. But Tesla understands better than
anyone the demands on that. Uh I'm going
to go through this nonsequentially here
because let me see there will be some
nonsequential parts but I will go to
first there's uh something a wise man
predicted going on in the right side of
this picture.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh what's going on there?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is north of Cortex 2 and the
northern part of the site. This is
referred to as the north campus. And you
see almost all of the permits for this
refer to it north campus. What it really
is is the Optimus factory. And just I
know that some people have been a little
bit confused. They're like, aren't they
building them in Fremont? The answer is
yes, they are. But that's sort of like
the giant pilot line. About a million
per year run rate is the goal that's
being set up now. And that's why they
stopped the SNX production so they could
use that space to get into Optimus
production. But that isn't the factory
that they need. They need something much
much larger. So this one is under
construction to meet the goal of at
least 10 million per year. And they've
broken this one classically and uh like
Tesla does into two parts or two phases.
The one on the top is what's under
construction right now. And it's moving
along pretty quickly. Everything from
the earthwork to the footings to now
even we'll see in a minute steel
erections going up. But then what you
see at the bottom of the screen is where
they have to uh it reminds me of the
early days of Giga Texas where they have
to reclaim all of this old sand and
gravel mine. So you see these linear
hills and ponds, all the trees, some of
the the the other just disturbed soil.
This is because they were mining gravel
uh here and sand. Uh so now they have to
reclaim this. So
&gt;&gt; yeah. So
&gt;&gt; they have to unmine it.
&gt;&gt; They unmine it. Unmine it. So, another
reason why they started with the the
part that you see at the top is that
that particular field was always pretty
flat. So, they had less that they have
to do. And, you know, if you go back
years on my videos, I always pointed up
there. I said, "It would be great to
build something up there because the
land's flat." And so, they're doing it.
But, uh, a couple other things to keep
in mind. Scale is very, very difficult.
I do understand that. But you can see
some of the earthworking equipment just
to get an idea of the size off to the
left uh in the the darker dirt. And you
can see how small those are based on the
size of this. And then you can see on
the construction site those like sticks
sticking up. Those are geop. And the
height of that is probably about 60 70
feet. So those are pretty pretty high.
Um the other thing to keep in mind is
that you know we're only seeing half of
the factory right now under
construction. When they finish
reclaiming this dirt, it's going to
double in size. And when it's done, the
length will be almost the same length as
Giga Texas. It'll be narrower, but it
will be almost the same length. So,
you're going to have two factories
similar in shape, similar in size on the
same site. And that does not even
include the joint SpaceX effort for the
advanced technology chip fab, which is
south of where we're looking here. So,
it's an enormous construction site
&gt;&gt; or Cortex 2, the die shop or the cathode
shop. Uh, if you look in these valleys,
you will see giant uh loaders and dozers
and whatnot that are just dwarfed by the
size of these little hills here. Uh, you
did catch the very exciting uh first
steel uh which is coming into view right
here. Uh that is first steel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. Uh when Tesla starts
putting up steel, I still remember when
they were uh moving north along the west
side of the facility and there were the
three cranes and the big three crane
race. Uh that was a lot of a lot of fun.
It was insane. Every day there was
substantial progress. Steel goes up
quick,
&gt;&gt; right? And I think that's what we're
going to see here too is
&gt;&gt; the the less completed it is, the faster
we're going to visually see changes. And
uh you know I'm planning on flying
Friday the 29th of May and then I'm
going to be gone for about two weeks to
Europe. So by the time I get back I
expect to see quite a bit of steel here.
Um and while I was flying this
particular day it was a steady stream of
trucks coming from offsite loaded up
with steel beams and columns and
bringing it over to a field next to this
where they have set up a temporary
staging site. And uh yeah, you can uh
you you kind of went right by it. It's
it's the darker ground just a little bit
uh
&gt;&gt; there.
&gt;&gt; Right there. Yeah. So, it's already
starting to feel fill up with all of the
steel
&gt;&gt; and uh you know, they need a place for
it to go and then they will move it over
and install it fairly quickly. To to
really install it fast, they're going to
have to bring in some of those big
cranes again. So, we'll have the age of
cranes and then they will do those kind
of windmills with five or so beams
pulling it over and installing them
really rapidly. So, uh,
&gt;&gt; so yeah, it's Yeah, I don't know if
they're going to need to do quite the
Christmas tree because this isn't a
fourstory building. This is a one maybe
twostory building, but I'll let the
steel workers figure out what that's
about. And I did have one other thing in
my notes. I had a question about the
roof of Cortex 1. There's a different
colored roofing material being used just
over that middle part. What's that?
&gt;&gt; Uh I this is somewhat speculation, but I
think it's because that's right over the
data center. So the potential for fire
uh or any other interior issues. So they
wanted to make sure it had a different
material on the roof. And that's, you
know, and that's the only place that we
see that anywhere else on the site. Uh
and if you look at its design, you can
see exactly where the data center is
within that structure. Uh which brings
up another point is you can see there's
a lot of empty space there. Uh right
behind the glass and then over to where
that darker material is. If you if it
goes all the way down to the ground, the
rest of it is right now being used for
storage and equipment.
&gt;&gt; So there is a large part of Giga Texas
on that south end that could be
repurposed for something. And I expect
it to happen. I just don't know exactly
when.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it'll be server racks
because of thermal issues with sunlight,
but it could very easily be cubicles or
admin or any number of things. Uh it
could be a little cafe for all I care.
Uh yeah. So, is there anything I missed
about this site? I went through all my
notes. Um well the the only other thing
that we didn't really look at is where
that SpaceX joint venture advanced
technology chip fab is going to be
built. Uh it's another gigantic uh
construction site. This is looking at
part of it. We see that large water this
one's called a water retention pond
unlike some other ones that are
detention. I I do have some viewers that
tell me uh I don't know what I'm talking
about but I do. And this one's going to
be lined and it's going to have water in
it. And it's also going to be uh you can
see the the the small walls outlining
it. And they're still working on the
western side, but it's very very similar
in construction, although much bigger
than the cyber pond at the south end of
the building. So that's what it's going
to kind of look like. And then on the
left, you see all those uh workshops,
that recycle center, and everything
else. From there all the way to the
north is going to be uh where they are.
They are in the process of reconfiguring
that to build that advanced technology
chip fab and it's going to be starting
approximately where those uh workshops
are and then moving off to the north. So
all of what you see there has to be
relocated and they are in the process of
doing that. The workshops at the bottom
of the screen you can you kind of see
there's a lot of pipes that are being
fabricated. They actually fabricate the
pipes that are used in the cooling
systems uh right now for Cortex 2. And
then the kind of the plastic lined one
at the top left where you can see like
the uh one open door and then there's
that's where they paint them or I guess
paint or or powder coat them. So they
make them all right there and then they
just take them right over and install
them into Cortex 2. So the function of
this is probably still going to be
required for all the other construction
projects, but they just have to relocate
this to allow this construction site to
go on. Um when they're going to actually
start breaking ground, if you will, for
uh building, uh I'm not sure. They've
had a lot of the soil test rigs all
throughout the area. Uh that's a
necessary step for the civil engineers
to make sure that they've designed it
the building foundation and the
supporting structure uh you know,
sufficient to the soil conditions. So
that is now completed. That happened
about a month ago. uh very similar to
what we saw in the Northfield where the
Optimus factory is going to be built.
So, I don't know, maybe maybe another
couple months uh once they get this
cleared out, we'll start seeing that
construction project. But, as we've
talked before, the lead times of
constructing to when you have a facility
that's ready to produce is in the order
of years, even with Tesla's speed. So
this particular fab is important to be
building those AI chips AI what six or
five six I guess five is almost done six
and beyond that would be used for the
SpaceX a data data centers for future
products uh and then it would be what
the eventual terraab which is going to
be somewhere else probably west uh east
of uh here over in East Texas near
station uh but this is the uh the plant
that will build the the tests, they will
do the development, they will make sure
that uh those chips are ready for
production. And uh that probably based
on the construction site right now and
and how long I think it's going to take
to build it, we're probably looking at
28 before they're able to even really
start doing anything. So because of that
long lead time, they have to get going,
which is why you see all this work now
in 26.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And it it does take a tremendous
amount of time. This is the pilot line.
this is where they will get everything
dialed in. I gave someone a hard time.
They said, uh, this the the land that
they're looking at elsewhere in Texas
will be the most advanced chip fab in
the world. And I said, it won't. It
won't. This will
&gt;&gt; because this one will always be one step
ahead of the of the big one. It's where
the advanced stuff goes on.
&gt;&gt; So, you get to watch it grow from
nothing,
&gt;&gt; right? And we've been seeing across the
world why chips are chips and chip
production facilities are very
important. And I think it's becoming
part of our national security strategy
to have chips and manufacturing plants
in the United States. And this is this
is going to be one of well the the the
fab to actually build them is going to
be one of the biggest ones ever. And
this one's going to be uh as you say the
developmental to be develop
produced. So Giga Texas, it's just
amazing how much construction is going
on that expansion. And we started the
video saying, you know, when I started,
you know, how long am I going to do this
and and wait until they're done? They're
never going to be done.
&gt;&gt; No. No, they won't. And that's
increasingly clear. When we saw the size
of the parcel of land and then them
continually adding to it, we had a
pretty good idea that it was going to be
an ongoing process.
&gt;&gt; Uh Joe, I want to thank you so much for
coming and hanging out with us, giving
us all the information. Very valuable.
If you guys are going to be in Austria
on June 5th and 6th, Joe will be there.
And if you're not going to be in
Austria, why? Um, of course you could
also be in Moskegan, Michigan, where I
will be on June 5th and 6th where Joe
and I will have a a very distant
head-to-head uh conversation. We won't
be talking. It's it's the time
difference is prohibitive, but it'd be a
lot of fun. You know, whichever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say one of the
other really cool things about this trip
that I'm going on, it's not just the XT
takeover event in Flacc Austria, but
Tesla's invited me to Tour Giga Berlin.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So,
&gt;&gt; I'm looking forward to that.
H I
well uh yeah, I've been I've been all
over the world to where the Tesla
factories are. I can't wait to actually
get to see one of them. But uh I've
gotten some very abridged tours, some
very uh shorter tours of Tesla
factories. H it'll it'll happen
eventually, one of these days. We'll
see. So guys, what did we miss? What did
we misunderstand? Leave it all in them
comments below. And everybody else, uh
like, subscribe, do what you do. head
over to Joe's channel, watch these
videos in their entirety when they're
hot and fresh. That's the real
objective. and uh everybody else.