Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Quietly Opening The Cybercab Floodgates
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=banF8-YPlFo
Published:   2026-09-08 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm gonna I may be completely wrong on
this. Let me know in the comments below.
But let's start with hardware 5. I
believe Elon said hardware 5 is not for
cars. It is for Optimus. You know,
you're not the only one. I've had it two
or three times on my show just in the
last few days of my lovely co-hosts who
I didn't bother to correct [laughter]
saying, you know, are we waiting for
hardware 5? And I'm like, no, I don't
[music] think so. I think hardware 4 is
it. But maybe not. And we'll see what
happens uh over time whether or whether
there's another announcement. The big
Cyber Cab event happened last week.
Well, was it big? I mean, they didn't
stream it. They didn't invite the
public. It wasn't that big of an event,
but it was very exciting for those of us
who follow it. But did we actually get
any good news out of it? Uh, spoiler
alert, we did. You just have to figure
out what you're looking at. And that's
not an automatically assumed thing that
everyone can just do. That's why I
brought on a specialist. Randy Kirk is
joining me. He's looking around. Who
could the specialist be? You've got
another guest. Uh Randy Kirk is joining
me to help figure out what are the
important parts of that cyber cab event
and [music] uh which parts aren't. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
[singing]
[music]
So Randy, I'm sure you heard the very
good news after the event. Tesla's stock
drops 6% as Cyber Cab update underwhelms
Wall Street. Uh but you know and this
part really annoys me and Nitsa
administration initiated an audit query.
Now I've heard people say it's an
investigation. It's not an
investigation. It's an audit query. Uh
because correct me if I'm wrong on this
one, but Tesla's allowed to self-certify
level four. And an audit query says,
"Awesome. Can I see your homework real
quick?"
&gt;&gt; That's kind of right. Um I've done
multiple shows on this on my channel. Uh
CERN Basher has done a tremendous amount
of work. Kent Kent Marsh uh just did a
video probably yesterday depending on
when this is showing. Uh and and
basically what you're talking about is
SOP. It's standard operating procedure.
Zuks went through it. Zuks ended up not
passing. They they got an F on their
test and so they had to go with the 2500
uh set aside the exemption. Um Tesla
fully expects to pass with flying colors
and it shouldn't really uh interfere
with anything that they're doing. Um and
basically Nitsa is saying, "What do you
mean you don't have a steering wheel?
What do you mean you don't have pedals?"
Oh, well I guess then everything to do
with steering wheels and pedals um the
the regulations don't apply, but the
regulations are still there. So we need
to make some we need to make some fixes.
We just need to
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; we need to double check your math. Um, I
do enjoy the framing that we got though
from uh CNBC. Tesla shares slid 6%.
Um, I'd like to visualize that slide
into a cowboy hat. Uh, the the shares
went up on the third, the event
happened. You know, buy the rumor, sell
the news. One of the responses to this I
saw that was great was uh no that chart
is called the BART.
&gt;&gt; That's good. Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, I don't I think that the NISA
news was if we we went down what six and
a half percent I think that Nissa news
was pro Nissa news was probably about
two two and a half% of that. The market
itself the broader market was down 1.3
1.5 depending on what you're looking at.
So that would normally have Tesla down
three all by itself. Okay. So now you're
up to five and a half. What about the
rest? Oh, maybe disappointment in the in
the show results uh because you know
people don't like to be disappointed.
So that's the thing is I saw a lot of
people uh myself included. See I was
planning to watch the live stream. Uh
there was no live stream which worked
out fine for me because uh where I was
at at the time I wouldn't have been able
to live stream it. I wouldn't have been
able to watch it. Uh so I just assumed
that and then I realized oh my gosh uh I
should check the news and find out what
was discovered and the news said nothing
was discovered. There's no new
information at all. And then I find out
[snorts] that's not true. Uh the motor
has no rare earth materials making it
more affordable more supply robust
supply chain robust than any other
electric motor in the US that [snorts]
feels like it's kind of important. Uh am
I missing something there?
&gt;&gt; No. Am I overstating an important piece
of what was going on? I uh pretty sure I
saw a separate piece that was talking
about how they accomplished this which
was by somehow
engineering the motor a little
differently. Um and uh but you know this
is something they've been talking about
for a very long time and I suspect there
was a day where Elon said I need this by
you know three weeks from tomorrow and
you better do it you know. So [laughter]
so anyway they've accomplished it.
That's very very cool and yeah all the
advantages that you just mentioned 100%.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; And when we're looking at CyberCap, and
by the way, there's no bad angles on
that baby. Uh, no. When we're looking at
CyberCap as a product, how you know, are
you disappointed with the speed of the
roll out? Do you care? Am I
disappointed? Should I care?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm disappointed with
I'm I'm I'm not disappointed with the
speed of the roll out on Cyber Cab. I'm
disappointed with the entire category.
Um, but I get it. Uh recent uh headlines
have suggested maybe the fact we had
cyber cab day was because Elon is over
it. He's like, "Okay, we're safe enough.
We can go." Um doesn't doesn't
necessarily mean true, but that could be
part of what's going on here.
&gt;&gt; Um and then the next stage becomes I've
talked about this also. You got to have
the demand also. So, you can't just drop
a thousand cars, you know, in Las Vegas
tomorrow and think that you're going to
have a thousand riders per couple of
hours or something. So, so putting in 50
or putting in 100 or putting in 200,
waiting for a few days to see how the
how things, you know, uh turn out,
you're going to have your initial rush
of Tesla fans in any particular city.
So, you kind of get that has to get out
of the way. Um and then, okay, do we
need more? Do we need to put another 50,
another 100, another 200? So, that part
I think is going to happen nicely and
smoothly. Um, more cities would be nice.
I know at this point I think we're well
over 20 cities where there's been hires,
second shift hires uh for for people to
oversee the the uh the robot taxis. And
there's been uh cabs cited in CA taxi
robo taxis or cyber cabs and or both
cited in parking facilities. So it seems
like we're on the verge of opening up a
bunch of additional cities.
&gt;&gt; Were you expecting to see announcements
regarding perhaps version 15 or hardware
five or four and a half?
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna I may be completely wrong on
this. Let me know in the comments below,
but let's start with hardware five. I
believe Elon said hardware 5 is not for
cars.
&gt;&gt; It is for Optimus
and and so I'm and you know you're not
the only one. I've had it two or three
times on my show just in the last few
days of my lovely co-hosts who I didn't
bother to correct [laughter] saying you
know are we waiting for hardware 5 and
I'm like no I don't think so. I think
hardware 4 is it but maybe not and we'll
see what happens uh over time whether or
whether there's another announcement but
uh but with regard to uh version 15 as
far as we know the cars that are driving
without drivers are version 15 they are
just not quite finished
so they're 40% of what they're going to
be um apparently 40% is good
Um but over the next couple of weeks I
guess there'll be some more training uh
some more uh tweaking or whatever and
then they will get 100% of the value.
Now maybe some people are saying maybe
the value maybe that other 60% isn't
really in terms of structurally how the
car moves on you all the time. It may be
more sophisticated things like uh
talking to Grock or or uh you know
opportun other places where Grock can be
interactive. Uh it could be just more
memory. I don't I don't know. Uh it's
maybe a little above my pay grade at
this point. I will reiterate what I've
said, which is the problem we're seeing
with pickup and drop off is because the
14 billion miles of training that we
gave the algorithm did not include
pickup and drop off. It included parking
and unparking. And maybe they should
have had a program two years ago where
they said, "Look, if you're an Uber
driver, we will give you an Uber driver
code and maybe give you like some
special
trophy. I don't know. You don't have to
give them much of anything, if any. I
mean, a plaque would make a lot of
enough drivers happy that you could
potentially get that training data. But
um Tesla has asked me not to discuss
their time machine project. So they
can't do that. Uh I will say that the
next best thing to having a time machine
is subscribing to my channel and Ry's
channel. A lot of people don't know
this, but if you subscribe to both of
them, something special happens. You get
to see more of us. So [laughter]
uh so please please consider doing that.
One of the notes in that CNBC article uh
was that the Wells Fargo analyst said um
that they're facing early execution
issues. Uh I think that's pretty fair,
but what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Wow. Um no. Well, if you count pickups
and drop offs, I I really haven't heard
much else. I mean, you're going to have
the occasional, you know, vehicle that
maybe takes the wrong turn and takes a
minute to get back on track. Uh, but
overall, I'd say that the so far what
I've seen at Cyber Cam has been pretty
smooth. Now, if they're talking about
the entire thing, ever since we we we
went unsupervised, you know, several
months ago, sure, there's been, you
know, there's been way more way more of
that both of those two things. way more
issues of uh of navigation and way more
issues of pickups and drop offs
sometimes like a half a block or a block
away.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm trying to find it now. I can't
find it because uh you know the internet
is quite large. I think it was Josh West
who had pointed out that uh the cyber
cabs themselves got really backed up in
terms of wait times and then just uh
were no longer available.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, that happened a lot.
But again, that would be I think not a
technical problem. I think that was a we
need to know we've got enough demand to
put more in problem.
&gt;&gt; Could be could not
&gt;&gt; tough to say. Uh, I do I do think that
sometimes the competition and I'm not
saying that because Zuks is partly owned
by Amazon that they did this, but I
don't know if you saw uh Amazon uh
revealed one of Tesla's staging lots uh
in a pretty dramatic way. Um, as I
understand, no one was injured uh or no
one was seriously injured. So, I'm not
trying to be uh anything other than kind
of a smarty pants here. Um, but it is
wild that a plane overshot the runway
and just about took out a cyber cab
fleet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that is pretty weird. That's
one of the early flaws.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's one of the cracks in the
simulation. It's like they're not even
trying to hide that it's all fake.
&gt;&gt; By the way, in Nepal, I came to the
conclusion that uh I I was looking
around. I thought, you know what, the
Truman Show wouldn't work here because
you'd have to hire too many extras.
There's no way you're going to hire this
many extras just to make Truman think
his reality is real. So I asked my
editor, "You ever seen the Truman Show?"
"No." What's that? I asked other Nepali
people, "Have you ever seen the tr never
heard of it?" I'm like, "Yeah, I bet it
wouldn't resonate."
&gt;&gt; So yeah.
&gt;&gt; So yeah. So before you get away from
this, I thought the most important thing
that was announced uh on Thursday had it
wasn't at the show, it was just before
the show where they put up their website
saying, "Hey, if you want to be a fleet,
um you know, you if you want your own
fleet, just come to this website and
fill it out. You don't even have to
place an order. Just fill it out and
we'll have a representative call you and
we'll we'll have a conversation."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's exciting. Uh, I had
planned to put in my number as two. I
think I'm going to put it in as five to
increase the odds of getting a phone
call. Um, because if they're going to
say, "No, no, no. We two is not enough.
We're not going to up. Talk to me about
five then." Uh, do I have the money for
five? I've got two pretty good kidneys.
So, we'll we'll see. I think you'll be I
think you'll be able to borrow I think
you'd be able to get a uh you know a
regular loan against those cars. So
&gt;&gt; I think you would I think you would.
It's
&gt;&gt; yeah tough to say but uh I think it's
going to be all new where they would say
where it's like well we have to factor
your insurance payment in against you
know the the the cost of the payment.
It's like, well, do you I don't know if
I will have insurance. I think I think
the insurance would be part of it or at
least something packaged entirely
different where it's liability. I don't
know. I'm not sure how that would
&gt;&gt; Let me let me tell you how it works with
Turo because I I did put some of my cars
in Turo for a while. So, Turo has their
own insurance and it's big, you know,
like five million or something like
that. Five million tops. Um, but they
used to recommend that you keep your own
insurance. And in the early days, that
was really hard because my insurance
company was like, "What do I do with I
don't even know what to do with this."
You know, should I charge you more?
Should I charge you less? You're putting
your car out commercially. But yet,
they're going to be first in line. You
know, the Turo will be. So, they didn't
know what to do with it. But they
finally came up with the number and I
paid it. But then later on, Turo went,
"No, you have to, if you're going to be
on this system, you have to have your
own personal insurance as well." So, I'm
guessing that in this case, because the
numbers are going to be so big,
somebody, whether it's Tesla or whether
it's independent insurance companies,
they're going to have to have a going to
have to have a special package for
people that are putting these out on the
uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I just don't know if it would be
something where they would say when
we're I mean, because it's them driving.
I don't know. I'm very curious to see
what the approach is. We are in
uncharted territory. I think it's fair
to say, which is great because my life's
dream was to discovered is was to
discover the undiscovered uh rivers of
North America, but apparently they've
all been found, which I think is very
discouraging.
&gt;&gt; You never you know, they should tell us
these things.
&gt;&gt; They should tell us these things. Yeah.
By the way, Dora the Explorer, uh,
honey, you got a map. So, I don't know
if you know what an explorer is, but uh,
but that's just kind of fun. So, guys,
uh, in the comments, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? What was the
exciting part of the CyberCap event that
we didn't bring up? I think we covered
the motors. We covered the deployment
speed a little bit. We covered the
different the 20 cities where they've
been seen. And we covered the fact that
you are encouraged to sign up uh to
express interest in having some of your
own. Uh and we told you to subscribe.
There's only so many times I can tell
you. When I hit 100,000, I promise I
will cut it to like once a week.
everybody else. Uh, stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I can't wait to hear from you
clever robots on at the flippity flop.