Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       My Big Tesla and Market Call. Am I About to Look Stupid?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1ZGWJCVF1M
Published:   2026-04-13 02:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-13 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm about to make the boldest prediction
I've made in quite some time. In fact,
I'm going to do something that no one
who covers the stock market, no
YouTuber, no person who follows Tesla
would dare do. And I'm going to be very
definitive about it. Now, look, I'm
either going to look like a fool in the
next week or two, or I'm going to be
right, and I will once again be able to
say, listen to people who are right a
lot. Let's get into it.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
So to set the stage and to ground us,
the markets just opened and let's talk
about what they're doing right now. The
Dow Jones is down 1.14%,
the S&amp;P is down 1.18% and the NASDAQ's
down 1.27%.
Let's talk about oil. What's oil doing?
Okay, oil is up. So WTI, West Texas
Intermediate, that's US here in the US,
is up 8% 8.25% sub$8. So it's at $104 a
barrel. Brent is up 7.12%.
It's atund, call it $102 a barrel, and
it's rising. All right. So what I'm
about to say today is so against the
grain, it's so contrary and so
definitive that it's insane to be saying
what I'm about to say. Okay? So, you got
to watch the rest of this video with
that in mind that there's no reason for
me to be saying anything I'm saying
right now. And if I'm right about this,
then damn, I'm good. All right? And if
not, well, you can roast me in the
comments down below. All right? So,
let's start off with what happened in
the last 24 hours to 48 hours because
once again, geopolitics is dominating
everything. And while we don't like to
just talk about politics in general,
I've don't shy away from it obviously,
but I'm here to talk about investing and
mainly investing against the grain. And
the truth is we can't ignore the
geopolitics. So it affects the markets.
It affects our investing. It gives us
ideas for trades. So we have to be aware
of it. Right? In the last week alone, I
made a couple grand trading USO alone
because of what was happening in the
geopolitical world. So this is why it's
important to understand and have that
market awareness. So it's not just about
talking about politics. In fact, we're
not even talking about politics. We're
just talking about what's going on. So
let's get into it. So you can see here,
uh, this was the president. He posted
recently on a truth social saying. So
there you have it. The meeting went
well. Most points were agreed to, but
the only point that really mattered,
nuclear, was not affect effective
immediately. The United States Navy, the
finest in the world, will begin the
process of blockading any and all ships
trying to enter or leave the straight of
Hormuz. So, they're blockading the
blockade of the blockade. Interesting.
All right. So, we got a blockade coming
up. At some point, we will reach an a
all being allowed to go in, all being
allowed to go out bases. But Iran has
not allowed that to happen by merely
saying there may be a mine out there
somewhere that nobody knows about but
them. This is world extortion and
leaders of countries especially United
States will never be extorted. I have
also instructed our navy to seek and
inter interdict every vessel in
international waters that has paid a
toll on to Iran. No one who pays an
illegal toll will have safe passage on
the high seas. We will also begin
destroying the mines the Iranians laid
in the straits. Any Iranian who fires at
us or or at peaceful vessels will be
blown to hell. Iran knows better than
anyone how how to end the situation.
Okay. So effectively they had
negotiations, right? We had JD Vant, we
had uh I forget who else and David and
Kushner, Jared Kushner, I forget the
other guy. Witcock maybe. uh they all
went to Pakistan to negotiate with the
Iranians. The Pakistanisians were the
mediators here and essentially it sounds
like it actually went pretty well, but
they couldn't get to the point where
Iran would say, "Nope, we will not
continue to try to uh enrich uranium
that could get to levels for a weapon."
So, that's a sticking point for this
administration. Uh and it just is what
it is. Okay. So, talks so a deal
couldn't get done. However, I do think
that there is um there there's a reason
to be optimistic here because the deal
didn't get done. However, the White
House is saying that they will
eventually come to the table and on the
Iranians side said no one thought the
deal would get done on the first round
and after that fell apart, it's not like
we went right back into a campaign in
Iran. The ceasefire still seems to be
holding up. So, I think that's
promising. The other thing I think is
kind of encouraging is the fact that the
US has vessels in in there now mind
sweeping and so they're doing that and
they're not being shot at. So this is
constructive is what I would say. Um and
this might be some backdoor negotiations
that have actually led to this because
the Iranians might be like, "Hey, we
have no way to just say it's open
because we don't know how to track where
we laid mines. It was in the fog of war.
We're just laying them wherever we can
just to scare people or there may be
nothing there. It may be like a Houdini
thing where it's like unlock the lock
and the lock's never locked, right? So
there, you know, it's just a fear
tactic. Yeah, there's mines all over,
but guess what? There's actually no
mines. Just the fear of it does enough.
So right now we've got vessels in there
sweeping for mines. And it sounds like
some other countries are coming in to
help. And then they will essentially
establish a a channel if you will that
has been cleared and determined that's
safe to to go back and forth through uh
without you know any issues or worries
of being attacked or essentially blown
up. So okay so that's what's going on
with that piece. And here you can see uh
from US Central Command out of Tampa
Bay, Florida. Let's go. Uh, US Central
Command forces will begin implementing a
blockade of all maritime traffic
entering exiting Iranian ports on April
13th at 10:00 a.m. Eastern. So, I
believe that's tomorrow. Um, yeah,
that's tomorrow. So, at 10:00 a.m. in
accordance with the president's
proclamation, the blockade will be
enforced impartially against the vessels
of all nations entering or departing
Iranian ports. So, that means Chinese
vessels, that means Russian vessels,
that means Indian vessels, right? So
that's a pretty big deal. Uh okay. Uh
SenCon forces who will will not impede
freedom of navigation for vessels
transiting the straight of Port Moose to
and from non Iranian ports. Uh
additional information will be provided
uh to commercial mariners over channel
16, which is pretty common. Okay. So
that's a pretty good sign in my opinion.
It's a good sign that there's
coordination. It's a good sign that the
vessels are in there doing mine sweeping
without being attacked. It's a good sign
that things haven't flared up again.
However, as I mentioned before, the
markets are not liking it. Now, the
markets just opened up. Like I said,
oil's up 8%, right? And seems like it's
climbing. And if we look at the futures
still, uh, actually the futures are Oh,
wait a minute. They just updated. Yeah,
they're still roughly around the same.
So, mainly I like to look at the S&amp;P
500. I think is the best proxy for
what's happening. It's down 1.23%. Okay.
Again, my predictions, what I'm about to
tell you is pretty bold given all this.
All right. So, one more bit of news here
regarding uh this whole situation. Uh
you can see here Saudi Arabia restores
key pipeline to 7 million barrels per
day as Red Sea bypasses rampups. Okay.
So, in order to understand where I'm
going to be coming from with these calls
on the market and Tesla, you have to
understand that how the market works.
The market likes to price in uncertainty
quickly and it likes to price it in and
then it likes to look through it. And I
believe that right now we're getting to
that point of looking through it. All
right. Now, before I get into that,
because it's going to kind of relate to
everything else, I want to just give you
some examples of why I believe in
listening to people who are right a lot.
Okay, if if you look here, this is um
someone who took my zero DTE course,
zero days to expiration
uh options course. Uh this is Kosik. You
can see here he said exactly two
Saturday, two Saturdays ago, he took my
course on ZDTE. He said, "I decided to
first test the repeatability of this
strate strategy. In the first two weeks,
I placed eight trades. It worked every
time. Even though you had a 3% plus
moves on some days, so whether it's down
or up, the S&amp;P 500 moved more than 3%
and it still worked." He said, "I've
already more than recovered the tuition.
Next, I'll test the scalability of the
strategy. I'm bullish uh on where it
will take me." Um, so and then he talks
about some tips for Nick's approach and
personality to help you get the most out
of your class. You guys can go look at
the post. Essentially, what he says is,
"I'm a non-BS guy. I'm going to talk to
you directly. I'm going to talk to you
honestly because I care about you not
losing your money." That's the whole
point of me doing these courses is to
teach you how to fish, is to teach you
how not to lose money doing stupid
things with options. Okay? So, I'm not
here to sugarcoat things for you. I'm
here to teach you. And I'm here to make
sure that you don't make mistakes by
thinking that you know better than what
Mr. Market does. All right. My whole
goal is to make sure you can do things
in a repeatable way that will stand the
test of time. All right. And then he's
not the only one. You can see here, this
is Bone Saw. What a cool uh cool name. I
wonder if he's a surgeon, but he says,
"Awesome. I've had very similar results
so far. I've placed one every day since
the class. Looking forward to getting
more reps under my belt." The beauty of
me teaching these courses for you is
that it's high signal to noise ratio.
Everybody takes what I teach them and
they put into practice the next market
open day. All right? So if it does not
show or prove to stand stand to deliver
the results that I am telling you it
will, people are going to call me out.
You're going to know right away. All
right. It's a high quick testability.
very next day in the market, you can
test it out. As you can see, they've
already made their money back from
signing up for the course. So again, I'm
just saying that to to let you guys
understand like who I am and how I
operate. I believe highly on being
honest, on being right a lot and
admitting when you're wrong. All right?
So, this is extremely important to me,
especially as I go forward to to make
these predictions that are, like I said,
it's it's borderline stupid for me to do
it, but I I just want to share with you
what I think. I'm going to be honest.
I'm not going to sit here and tell you
that, oh, I don't know. And no, I I have
a very strong opinion right now and I
want to share that with you. Last thing
on the courses, just so you guys know,
uh the next options crash course, which
is the first one you want to take. It's
kind of the prerequisite for the zero
DTE course. Um that one is May 16th. I'm
closing it. Okay? I'm closing it at the
end of this next week. All right? So, at
the end of so Friday, end of market, 400
p. a.m. Eastern. I will close out the
May 16th course. So, if you've been
thinking about doing it, sign up now. I
will be closing it. I won't be reopening
it. It's already getting filled up. I It
might be filled up by Tuesday if I'm
like looking at the numbers and
everything correctly. So, please sign up
quickly. I don't want you to miss out on
it. Um if and if you have any questions,
DM me. I can everyone can attest. I'm
very responsive on X. DM me. I'll answer
any of your questions. Um if it's a good
fit for you, join. If it's not, no big
deal. The whole goal is to teach you how
to make 1 to 4% on your portfolio
without having to sell your shares being
capital efficient. I want you to to be
able to make money in down markets and
hopefully we get there soon and my, you
know, we'll see with my calls here, but
I want you to be able to make money on
top of your shares appreciating. All
right? So, I want that compounded effect
for you to be able to do that. And this
is what everyone does. This is what Wall
Street does. This is what market makers
do. I want to teach you how to do it.
That's it. I'm going to teach you how to
fish. After that, you don't need me. You
can go do it the same way Kosik did,
this way Bone Saul did. You don't need
me sitting there with you. I'm teaching
you everything. So, if you want to
learn, go sign up. Like I said, this
Friday, the options crash course, the
prerequisite to do the Zer DTE course
closes this Friday, 400 p.m. Eastern. If
you take it, let me know. You can take
the ZeroDTE course. I have another
zerodt course happening at the end of
May on the 20 uh I believe it's the 25th
or 30th. One of those you I'll leave the
links down below. You can check them
out. So, I took that detour obviously so
I can tell you about the courses. Okay.
Yeah. Obviously, let's be transparent
here. But also to show you that the
things I talk about, they're not BS. You
know, you can go all over my ex. I'm
constantly posting what people are
saying about the courses and they are
high fidelity, right? It's like, yeah, I
took this course. Oh, look, I'm making
this money. Uh, one person said it's the
best ROI they've ever had. Period. A
veteran in the Air Force pilot. Uh,
right. So, the point is I want you to
believe that when I say something, I'm
not just shooting from the hips. It's
not just BS. Now, I'm not doesn't mean
I'm always going to be right either, but
there's high conviction in what I say.
I'm not just saying something for
sensationalism. I hope that's how you
say that word. All right, so you get my
point, though. All right, so let's get
into it. Okay, so here's my bold call.
We'll start first. I think that the
market has bottomed. Like I I'm I'm
pretty convinced the market has bottom
and we're about to see a massive
recovery. Let me line this out for you
because there's no reason for you to
believe me right now based on probably
all the pain you've been feeling. So,
take a look at the top indexes right
now. All right, you can see that they're
off their lows and they seem to be
bouncing back. In fact, it looked like
last week that we were actually going to
be flat for the year when it comes to
the indexes. That was a huge recovery,
huge bounce back from where we were
because we were on the precipice of
being in correction territory. In fact,
we were in correction territory when it
comes to NASDAQ and we were almost there
with the S&amp;P 500. Now, let's look at the
MAG 7. The MAG 7, we see something very
similar. You can see Amazon, Google,
Nvidia, they are all positive for the
year now. Whereas Apple, Meta, Tesla,
Microsoft are still lagards. All right.
Now, mainly Tesla, Microsoft you can see
are definitely lagards especially
compared to everything else. Right. Look
like obviously Nvidia, Amazon, Google
have had a nice bounce and Meta has had
a huge recovery especially last week,
but Tesla is definitely dragging which
makes my, you know, prediction that I'm
about to go into right now kind of
crazy. I think Tesla has officially
bottomed. I think we have seen the
lowest point for Tesla moving forward.
And again, in about two hours, whenever
the pre-market opens, I might look like
the biggest idiot in the world, but I
think we've bottom on Tesla. I think
there's lots of reasons to think that
Tesla is going to move up from here.
Doesn't mean we're going to be 400
tomorrow. Doesn't mean we're going to be
400 by the end of the week, but I think
from here we start to grind back up. I
think now we can get constructive and a
lot of it is not just because of the
market. A lot of it has to do with Tesla
and the things that we're seeing and I
think the market is starting to
recognize what's about to happen. And
we'll talk about that in a second here.
But first, I just want to show you what
I'm seeing from from a chart
perspective. So, I don't like technical
analysis. I'm not a big fan of that. But
I do think that momentum is a real
thing, right? Momentum to me is no
different than current in electricity,
current in the ocean. It has the ability
to show you directionality. And momentum
is the same thing when it comes to
stocks. And here you can see that this
is the BX trender. The bottom here where
you see all these red bars bars going
negative and lower lows. This is the BX
trender. And it's showing you
essentially a RSI, an exponential moving
average, short and long term. takes all
these different metrics, combines them
into one smooth line, if you will. And
so you can see here that we have, and
you can go look at it for yourself, the
longest in the history of Tesla of lower
lows. I would also point you to the far
right, which says -47.5.
Normally, the BX trender bottoms out at
about -45, tops out at about 45. And
when you recognize this pattern and you
see where things are at and the way we
closed on Friday, plus all the news, I'm
here to take a stand. I'm here to say we
bottomed. I think from here we we should
be very optimistic. Um before I talk
about why I'm so optimistic with Tesla,
let's look at the S&amp;P 500 because I have
found that Tesla lags its moves compared
to the S&amp;P 500. meaning the S&amp;P 500 will
sell off before Tesla will. We will see
the S&amp;P 500 recover before we see Tesla
will. And so I want to look at the S&amp;P
500 as a proxy. So here we can see the
S&amp;P 500. You can see that the BX trender
bottom out around that -45 like I
mentioned and you can see that it has
higher lows for two weeks now. That to
me is a signal of a bottom. This is on a
weekly chart. All right. Now, the
monthly still hasn't changed, right?
Because it takes four weeks for the
monthly to change. But this is very
constructive to me. This if this holds,
if this continues, it will flow into
Tesla as well. So, I believe that the
S&amp;P 500 leads and Tesla lags. And so,
right now, I think that the S&amp;P 500, it
started to fall first and now it's
starting to rise. And I think Tesla's
coming up right behind it. I would be
shocked if this is not going to be the
first week that we see a higher low on
Tesla. All right, it's a bold call.
Markets are red. Oil is skyrocketing
right now. We have this blockade. The we
did we have no deal coming out of this
weekend, right? And here I am just going
against the grain or just being a fool.
We'll find out together. But let's talk
a little bit more about Tesla and what
I'm seeing and why I'm so bullish on
Tesla outside of just the market's going
to go back up. Because obviously if the
market goes up, Tesla's going to go with
it. That's obvious. All right, I'm not
telling you anything new here. But what
I want to tell you is Tesla has made
some really big strides in the past
week. All right. Last week we got the
release of 14.3 and I just got done
watching about an hour and a half video
of Tesla 14.3 driving through Manhattan
and not just sitting there through easy
parts manhattan going through time
square going through downtown going
through Chinatown and it worked
flawlessly. The only time the individual
took over was because there was a
pothole. Um and I I will say there's one
other thing. There's a closed road with
the gate. And don't get me wrong, Tesla
did the right thing. It avoided,
rerouted, everything, but it didn't have
the memory in order to remember when it
went all the way around, rerouted, got
back to it. It's like, "Oh, it's closed
again." Right? That's one of those loops
that I talked to you about what, maybe
like 3 weeks ago that happened here
during a parade. I was driving and it's
like it went down one road like, "Oh,
streets closed for the parade. Try to go
another one." And it's like, okay,
clearly the whole street is close to the
parade. Find another route. That clearly
is a memory issue that Tesla still needs
to work on. That I think is going to
come. But that's also why I keep talking
about Micron, Sandis, these companies.
Don't sleep on them. Memory is the
company who has the most memory will be
the leader in AI for the foreseeable
future. Mark my words. It's no longer
just about the GPUs. It's also about
memory. Whoever has the most memory will
be able to deliver the best AI moving
forward. This is probably be true for
the next couple years, if not just for
the foreseeable future. But anyways,
1403 is huge deal. It is so quick. It is
so responsive and it came out on time. 2
days late, that's on time to me. The
other thing, Netherlands just got
approval for FSD. All right. In fact, if
you can see here, here's uh someone
testing it and talking about how this is
the hardest roundabout uh in Netherlands
and Tesla just does it smoothly. You can
see Elon Musk even commented on it. So,
right now we know that FSD is launching
in Europe. Belgium apparently is might
be the next country to to release it.
But I also I can't tell you how I know
this, but there are um there are Teslas
obviously all over the country right
now. We've seen them, the red and black
ones with the windshield wipers uh or
not windshield wipers, but the camera uh
washer. Um and they are they are testing
they're actively working on drop off
pickups in different regions and they
are actively testing in these cities for
a broader roll out. All right. It seems
that end of April, early May is going to
be when these cities actually come
online. Again, I don't want to disclose
any sources or anything like that, but
this could be one of the the big reasons
why Tesla bottoms is because other, you
know, this this type of news, it seems
like a lot of people get it ahead of
time. It's I mean I don't want to say
it's insider information but these
rollouts it seems like a lot of people
know about these rollouts or these
things that happen with companies way
ahead of time and you can see stocks
move. So now again like what I know is
not insider information. What I know is
pretty public knowledge. I guess if you
go and look and do your own research you
can kind of figure it out. But it's
happening. It's very clearly happening.
14.3 is out. Cyber cab production line
is clearly running. Netherlands just got
FSD. All this has happened and we're not
even two weeks into April yet. All
right. So, this back half of April, I
think it's be very consequential. I
think with this new version of 14.3,
we're going to see faster and faster
rollouts of updates and all of this will
start to compound. You couple that and
you put onto the back of it the rocket
that is the stock market trying to
recover out of all this geopolitical
chaos we've we've dealt with for the
first four months of the year and big
good things can happen for Tesla right I
still stand by that we have a chance to
hit $600 by the end of the year I think
that's still possible and I'll be even
bolder and I'll say there's a chance
that we get into the 500s by August
right I really I think that that can
happen, especially with the way Tesla is
starting to move. Now, I've been the
biggest critic, or not the biggest, but
one of the biggest critics that I don't
like the fact that they keep giving out
these KPIs, these milestones, and they
don't hit them. All right? Don't give it
to it and not hit them. Or if you're
going to not hit them, explain to us
what happened. Give us something, right?
Communicate with us. Don't just
communicate the hype. This is what I
don't like about a lot of YouTubers that
they'll do. They'll communicate the hype
and they won't have the intellectual
honesty to be like, "Hey, we're wrong."
Or, "Hey, they screwed up. We should
call them out on it." It's why I talk
about my winning trades and my losing
trades. I like to be honest with you
guys. I I think in a world of AI and,
you know, these these thumbnails that
look AIish and everyone is starting to
not even be on camera anymore.
Everything's perfectly scripted. I I
think in a world of that you need more
authenticity. You need some more
humanization. And so that's what I lean
towards. And to me to do that, the best
way to do that is to show our flaws and
our errors, which is probably what
commits me more so to come out and just
make this call that I think the market
bottom. I think Tesla is bottoming this
week, right? It's just to be more human
in a world that's seemingly less and
less human. I think there's something
special about that. All right, two more
things I just want to call out here. Um,
one, if you are and one of these is or
two of these are a public service
announcement, too. So, I probably should
have said at the beginning, but one, if
you are taking or if you have taken the
options crash course or the zero day
course, uh, we have a Slack community
that you can only join if you've
attended one of the courses. All right,
so that link's down below, too. Uh we've
got a very strong community, lots of
people engaging, teaching each other,
showing what's going on, talking about
mistakes that were made that broke some
rules, but also learning from them and
nice trade ideas. It's amazing to see
everyone sharing their wins and how
they're being profitable in a whole
market that has just been down. It's
pretty incredible. It's pretty
incredible. Again, a reminder, the link
for the Slack is down below. You can
register there if you want to take the
options crash course. That's May 16th.
I'm closing it out this coming Friday.
We're filling up. And if it's fills up
before Friday, I'll close it ahead of
time, obviously. So, if you want, and if
you've taken the options crash course,
you can take the zero day course. All
right? Why do I gatekeep it? I gatekeep
it because I care. Obviously, if it was
just about making money, I could just
open it up to everyone. I don't want to
do that. All right? I want people to do
things safely. I care about you. I care
about The whole point of this is for
education. It's not a money grab. It's
for education. I make plenty of money.
Money is not an issue in my life. I'm
very fortunate. But I want to teach
people. I want to help people towards
financial independence. I want to help
people make money on top of their
retirement. This whole 4% BS. There's
another way. There's a whole another way
where you can do it safely, reliably,
consistently. I want to teach you. All
right. Two PSAs. Number one, public
service announcement. I have a very,
very dear friend, very smart friend, not
someone who's easily fooled. He's an
entrepreneur. He owns his own
development company. Okay, so like this
is someone who's techsavvy, very there.
This past weekend, he got taken
advantage of. He had Apple support call
him, sounded like Apple, very clear
English, very well spoken. Called on a
number that was Apple's phone number.
They told him, "Hey, it looks like
someone's trying to hack into your
account. Uh, we just want to make sure
everything's safe." And he even asked
him, "How do I know you're not trying to
hack into my account?" And they said,
"That's a great question, sir. Please go
look at our website, validate our phone
number, all this stuff, apple.com,
exact number, everything." They spoofed
it perfectly. They spoofed it perfectly.
They were able to give him all the
correct information. They were able to
tell him things that he could see.
Everything checked out. It was Look,
we've all had those people call us and
like, "Clearly this is fake. Clearly
this is, you know, someone trying to
scam me. This was not like that. They
have upped their level. They've upped
their game. All right? And so if this
could happen to a friend of mine who I'm
telling you is very tax-savvy, very
aware. He owns his own development
company. All right? He understands how
tech works. He understands he he
understands I mean he's not he's not
just some person who is not techsavvy
and just gets abused, right? That's not
him. And he got taken advantage of. I
have another uh client of mine who got
tricked into uh downloading the WhatsApp
stupid Nicholas Gibbs person who keeps
commenting on my all my stuff. She
downloaded WhatsApp and she messaged me
saying, "Hey, I can't figure out how to
or why you're not responding to me on
the WhatsApp or you're responding
weirdly." I said, "Hey, that's not me.
Don't I will never message you on
WhatsApp ever, ever, ever. I will never
tell you to download anything. I will
never sit there and tell I'm going to
give you financial advice. I'm never
going to tell you, "Hey, I'll look at
your portfolio and give you whatever."
I'm not going to do that. If you're my
one-on-one client, I will text you. I
will DM with you. If I am talking to
you, it'll be through X. All right? But
I'm just here for a PSA to tell everyone
it's time to tighten up. Go change your
passwords. All right? You should be
changing your passwords. Ideally, once
every 90 days, but that's not realistic.
At least once a year. Change up your
passwords. Don't have the same passwords
for everything. Uh, make sure that you
are only responding to people who are
verified on X. All right? And if you
ever ever have anyone calling you or
texting you from a support person, the
IRS, taxes, a late payment, they will
not call you and they will not text you.
Know that no support person is going to
call you like that at all. That's not
how it's going to work. That's not how
it's going to happen. So, be cautious.
Be paranoid. Look out for one another.
All right? They're getting good and
they're only going to get better. All
right? And they're they're evil,
nefarious people out there and I want to
make sure that you're aware of it. The
second PSA, a little less serious. I had
a subscriber reach out to me to talk to
me about this. This is a decanter.
Apparently, a lot of these glass
decanters uh are met made with some type
of lead inside that will eventually seep
into the bourbon or whatever alcohol you
have in there. So, go check out what
your decanter is. A lot of decanters are
made talking about being lead free and
all that. I got lucky. Mine happens to
be one of those. Go check it out,
though. Uh it's it's it's kind of crazy
when you go down this rabbit hole. It's
like, why do they even make these? But
make sure that whatever decanter you
have, it's not one that is made with
lead that will seep into your alcohol
cuz that could be bad for you. All
right, so those are my two PSAs for
today. And if you're still here, cheers
to you. Today, I'm drinking another
oldfashioned. And this is made with the
Hemingway bourbon. So, it's it's become
a very nice bourbon. Um, I'm a big fan
of it. It's not just a straight bourbon.
I believe if off top of my head, it's a
mix of like a 12-ear age and maybe a
five or six year age uh bourbon. But,
it's just lovely. It's a really good
old-fashioned bourbon, you know. I don't
know. I haven't sipped it just on its
own. Um, so I don't know if it's a good
standalone without, you know, all the
the bitters and sugar and all that that
makes an oldfashioned. But, um, yeah,
it's it's pretty tasty and, you know,
got to have the the proper cherries here
as well. All right. Um, one other thing,
I guess, uh, if you haven't, uh, do me a
favor. Um, let me know down below
anything that you might be concerned
about or would like me to cover on the
channel. Uh the comments always help me
try to iterate on what you want. At the
end of the day, I'm not on here for me.
I'm here to try to provide value. That's
why I do these every week. Um I just try
to provide value. It's um I don't know.
I guess it's like a passion of mine to
help and disseminate what what I see out
there. And hopefully uh I don't want you
to just listen to me, but hopefully it's
a data point that you can put along your
journey uh to start off the week and
see, you know, which way things are
going. So, with that said, let's look at
the markets one last time here. Okay,
looks like they're coming down a little
bit. S&amp;P is down only 1.12% now. Let's
look at oil. Uh, let's see how oil is
doing. Oil. Okay, still it's a little
off. Okay, so it's only down 8.28% now.
So, only Okay. So, we'll see what
happens. Uh, I'm like honestly tomorrow
I'm probably going to be placing a zero
day trade. Uh, I'll probably I mean,
we'll see what the market gives me and
then I'll probably be putting another
trade on USO. I've been, you know,
fading all these up moves on oil. I've
been fading all these down moves on the
market and it's worked out really well
for me. So, that's all I got for you
today. If you stuck around, thank you. I
appreciate it. I love you and I'll talk
to you guys later. Peace.