Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       SpaceX Just STARTED Tesla Stock's COUNTDOWN
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC-mPVUq95M
Published:   2026-06-12 18:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A for the history of capitalism and the
history of technology just is coming to
an end at least on the trading floors of
NASDAQ, Wall Street and wherever you are
trading the shares of SpaceX. It was a
momentous day where probably the coolest
and most important company of our
lifetime was launched into the public
sphere. People bought shares like crazy.
It was overs subscribed. It was
incredibly difficult to get these
shares. The retail allocation went down
from 30% to 20% which was an indication
that we actually also were
oversubscribed on the institutional
side. Now the distribution among retail
shareholders was designed to get as many
retail shareholders in as possible and
minimizing the allocation to each
shareholder which then maximizes of
course the total number while also
getting institutionals even more share
than initially planned. And you know
which shareholder
I am retail and institutional at the
same time did get nothing. It was MUA
because I did not participate as you all
know. Not because I don't believe in
SpaceX. I think it's literally the
coolest company. Not the second coolest,
but the coolest company ever.
However, I'm not in a rush. I explained
it yesterday in a video where I outlined
my case for doubling down on Tesla and
not going into SpaceX for a very simple
reason, despite this being so cool. And
despite me being very bullish on SpaceX
and despite me agreeing actually with
James of invest Answers for example
saying that we have a very good chance
of 10xing this stock in the next five
years [clears throat] but the
probability
that we see the following you have
probably all seen this chart by now uh
it was created I don't even know by whom
someone on X great job uh this was
basically the quick
pitch for what's going to happen. So
what we actually see here is the
predicted qualitative
understanding of the SpaceX IPO.
We will have IPO excitement euphoria.
People going crazy retail buys the top.
I'm not going to bash retail too much by
the way. I'm both I am institutional.
I'm a retailer. It doesn't matter at
this point. There are many many
institutionals who are also behaving
like retail. There are many retail
investors who are big, who are more
rational and more strategic than many
institutions.
There are hedge funds who tend to be on
top of their game. There are mutual
funds who are a little dumb. There are
index funds. These are all institutions
that behave very differently. So, let's
not get sucked into retail. But
what is the case here is that this chart
is with incredibly high likelihood
correct. I'm actually predicting not one
to two years, but this trough phase of
SpaceX trading probably below the IPO
price being very likely to happen being
very likely to happen probably even this
year.
But then we are getting into the
surprise positive bull phase where I
believe we are getting to this part of
the equation, the exponential trajectory
upwards earlier and faster than people
will think in the future. In other
words, I believe it's bad to get into
SpaceX right now. Unnecessary waste of
money. Of course, I'm never completely
sure about that. Maybe I will be wrong,
but who cares? And I'm going to buy this
thing at 160 in December. Who cares?
But I'm not looking just at the share
price. I'm looking at the valuation
right now that is basically running on
fumes because in order to justify this
valuation, you need this here. This
exact thing you need. Everything else is
noise. I understand people are excited
about Starink, but Starink is just very
hard to get to a $2 trillion market cap.
If you're completely rational about it,
you can. I think it will be huge, but
it's going to take time and you need a
$28 trillion TAM in order to justify an
out-ofthegate $2 trillion market cap.
So, in other words, nothing matters
here. Nothing really matters until we
get to space compute and that will take
some time. This is not going to happen
this year. That I can guarantee you. I
think it will happen at scale
potentially faster than people think.
End of 2027.
But the way Wall Street works is they're
hyping it up today. They want to get the
fees. They got the five biggest banks or
most important banks to be the book
runners on this IPO, which means Goldman
Sachs, Mong Stanley, JB Mong, they're
all hyping the hell out of this thing.
There's not a critical voice to be
heard, which means we are hyping it up.
We getting the price high and then there
will be a rugpull, of course, because
that's what they love to do. And there
will be FUD and everything. And the only
thing that will save SpaceX and get the
stock actually up again and then beyond
where it is now is when the forcing
function kicks in, but it needs to be a
real forcing function. And the only real
forcing function is orbital AI. The risk
that this doesn't happen is very low. It
will happen sooner than people think.
But it will not happen now. And it will
not happen in the first half of 2027.
And that means from here it is downhill.
That is what I'm predicting until the
forcing function kicks in. And therefore
my strategy with SpaceX is very simple.
And don't get nervous. We are getting to
Tesla in a second. Let me conclude this.
My strategy is very simple.
I want to own SpaceX. Right now I don't
own it. Right now we are at an
incredible
169 as we speak. 25% up. Actually
slightly below expectations. I heard
175. I don't want to bash it. It's
great. is a great success for everyone
who was in SpaceX before and of course
everyone who bought bought or got
assigned 135 IPO issuance. So that is
great but that means we are right now
here at the peak. Maybe we go a little
higher with the index inclusion but I
don't see a way how this is not going to
drop and drop and drop and drop at some
point until we see the forcing function
coming in.
That is the moment. That trough is the
moment. The valley of fear and tears.
Tears and fears. The valley of tears and
fears is the valley where I thrive.
Where I'm happy. Uh, not if it's my
tears, but if it's other people's tears,
not because I mean, but I'm going to buy
the tears
down here when it's dropping because it
will be a perfect goldilocks moment of
confluence of value confluence when
people lose faith. We see the air gaps.
The forcing function is missing. We are
too highly valued in the eyes of Wall
Street at that point. Probably end of
the year, probably end of the year.
There will be a little market crash here
and there where it will hit this thing
so hard because nothing can stop it from
falling because there's no cash flow.
And that is the moment in time where you
buy SpaceX. Because when all hope is
lost, probably in 9 months, maybe in 12
months, all hope will be lost
and then everyone will forget about
orbital AI exactly when it starts to
happen sooner than people think. And
then we will go on an insane trajectory
and then we won't make 11x from here to
2030, but we will make 20 or 30 or 40x
because the stock is so much down. That
is my theory. Very likely to become true
one way or the other. What does it all
mean for Tesla and why am I so excited?
Let's take a short quick and deep look
into what happened today.
So, what I like about this whole
situation here a lot is
SpaceX started trading at 11:46
a.m. Eastern time.
And where is that in this chart? Let's
zoom in. Let's take a good look. Tesla
was under pressure the whole time. You
know, we had terrible, terrible,
terrible five days. Oh, no. It is broken
again. But this is down a lot. 8% or
something. I mean why why is it not
switching here we are down
what is this one month we are 7.7% down
and especially here in the runup to the
IO look at this it's horrible it's hor I
lost a I have a lot of book losses here
but I'm very confident right now $442
we are down nearly 8% brutal brutal
brutal uh what do I like about this year
the last 5 days. You can see this. But
what do I like about today?
SpaceX went live at 11:46 a.m. ET. Look
at this. Look at this. That is exactly
when it went live. Okay.
When you look at options pricing for
today, we saw crazy premiums on the puts
expiring Monday, expiring Wednesday,
uh, or Thursday, I don't know. Um these
puts had crazy premiums on that. We were
basically priced like an earnings close
to an earnings call. So much premium, so
much risk, so much fear what Tesla will
do in this whole IPO. Now I thought we
suffered so much against all evidence
that Roboax is going to scale. Maybe
even Optimus is getting revealed in you
know 30 days or something. Maybe 45 at
least that was the plan. Let's see. But
robo taxi, we have all these indications
and Tesla just falls down like a stone
into the most exciting period of the
company's history. Very likely SpaceX
had a role to play. And so here is
exactly $394
per share June 12th today at 11:46 when
SpaceX started trading. I will show you
the SpaceX chart in a second. Tesla
crashed. I was a little nervous because
you never know how bad this goes. The
theory is very simple. People actually
when SpaceX started trading selling
their last little pieces of Tesla shares
to jump on the crazy train SpaceX and
that drove the stock down. I expected
some volatility. So I was a little
scared. I don't know when this actually
stops. But see this it sold off very
quickly. Boom boom boom. Hit this very
low of the day around 387,
right? 38731.
very quickly within 20 minutes. Very
steep drop even though it was already at
the low. Boom. And then look at the
recovery. Totally uncorrelated with
NASDAQ at this point. This was all here.
It lost the correlation with NASDAQ and
just did its own thing. And this is very
likely the last gasp of oh yeah give me
the last beating SpaceX. Yeah, beat me
one more time. I will enjoy it because
it will be the last time. I don't want
to sound too German here, but last
beating. Yes, beat me one more time
because I know it's going to be the last
time. And then this happens. And I love
this chart. I love this chart because it
tells us something. It tells us that
this in fact was the last little piece
of pain that SpaceX inflicted on Tesla
stock and that we are now liberated
finally from that mini curse of SpaceX.
I love SpaceX. I'm just saying as a
Tesla shareholder, this was annoying.
Uh, and that gives me a lot of hope that
with that IPO,
with SpaceX actually trading and giving
us the last little sucker punch, this is
exactly how Tesla fell opposite this
thing went up. You remember 1210? Look
at this. Exactly 1210. Then the Tesla
drop was over and we inverted. Now then,
SpaceX still goes up, but it's not
anymore on Tesla's expense.
So, what does it all mean? I think the
pain might be over. The tactically
inflicted pain
of Tesla stock based on SpaceX, in my
opinion, is finally, finally, finally
over. Everyone who wanted to sell and
buy SpaceX has done it now. And this is
a good indication. This is a very good
indication that this exactly happened.
And now we are free to run
because don't forget what I said. I
stick exactly to what I said. Here is
December 16th
last year. 489 490 all-time highs of
Tesla. If you go five years back,
this is December 16th. Boom.
Roughly somewhere here. This is all-time
highs. And when we reached all-time
highs, that tells you something. It
tells you something about a company. It
tells you that this is the point that
has maximum the maximum value Tesla can
extract from the market as a stock based
on where it was December 16th. All the
hope for Robo Taxi, all the hope for
Cyber Cap. And today we are a company
with Tesla that has made good on
basically everything that people
imagined. On December 16th of last year
we launched Cyber Cap actually in time.
Cybercap is scaling now. It has probably
close to a thousand cyber caps produced.
People lost track a little bit but I did
not lose track. We are roughly at a
thousand cyber caps produced or we'll
get there in June. Where are these 10,00
cyber caps? I'll tell you where they
are. They are, for example, in Dallas.
You know, all this excitement about
SpaceX and I'm not a SpaceX. You know,
you know that
these cyber caps are all over the place.
They are getting their little wheel
caps. They're golden. And we will be
golden too, very soon. So, that is
happening. And that is why I believe
Tesla is finally free to run. It's
finally free to run. This is my theory.
I stick to my predictions. I don't know
if we hit 490 in June, but the odds are
we will. If we see cyber caps, if we see
24, 36, like a few dozen, 60 cyber caps
or something on the road unsupervised,
there is absolutely no reason we're not
going to 490
in June. And if you are a doubter, don't
forget this is Tesla. Tesla goes loves
to go crazy and loves to jump like a
crazy stock. Look at this. That was just
in April 9th. It was at 345.
And guess where it was?
Two weeks later at 440.
So from here, don't forget it takes only
two days at 10% plus and you're at 490.
So
it's not a guarantee it will happen, but
I think now the ballast that was SpaceX
is gone and we are ready to run. So
let's see what everyone is thinking.
Let's go into the comments.
and see what you guys are all about
today. You probably we have some new
SpaceX shareholders on this call for
sure. Let's see what everyone is saying.
Happy IPO day, Matt Weiss. Happy IPO day
back. Street Crate Zero. I just put in
an order
155 and got it. Wow, that's pretty good.
I did get one share from Robin Hood.
Wow, one share. That's a good starting
point. My wife applied for 58 shares and
got 12. Good ratio. Uh, audio is low. I
know. I never can figure that out. Tesla
is going to $700 by end of the year.
That can absolutely be the case. I am
also planning on DAC into the trough
DCA. I was wondering DAC. Um,
Matt Vog 100 says, "Meta going to buy
Tesla?" I don't think so.
Uh, Joe, fix your volume. It's It's low
volume on your end. Sounds about half
volume.
I don't know. What about my volume? You
guys can tell me what's going on. But
that's like a YouTube live stream issue
because a lot of people tell me there's
no problem and then some people tell me
there is a problem.
So, I never know what's going on.
Let's see. We know Tesla is more likely
to pop in the near future than both
Tesla and SpaceX. I don't understand
that sentence, but
we know Tesla is more likely to pop. My
wife heard I put the in the order for
SpaceX and she called me undisiplined,
spanked me, and told me to go and mop
the floor. Well, spanking is not always
a bad thing.
Um,
so DCA, oh yeah, DCA, yo, your audience
is telling you to wrap your lips around
the mic. I should get closer. I didn't
like what is even the problem. You guys
let me know if there's any problem or
not.
Do you think when SPX crashes it will
affect Tesla too?
It depends if Tesla has a solid support
solid like forcing function of real
cyber caps being deployed. No, there
will be no problem. If Tesla runs on
some sort of fumes, sure every
everything will affect it. Are you going
to buy SpaceX? I just explained my
strategy. Pray 86 Sable. I will buy it
when it's low and when it's getting
close to an inflection point to the
upside, not the downside. Jared says,
"Your volume is fine." That's what I
mean. There is no problem, Joe.
Uh, says Andreas Peterson.
Uh, so yeah, I don't know. Probably no
problem. Let's go up more. Will Tesla
hurt if SpaceX falls? We had this. I'm
all into Tesla. And I do mean Tesla. I
have like $200 on my account every
month.
Let me give you all a tip. If it's low
on your end, increase your volume on the
speakers. Andrea Peterson, this was the
hack everyone was looking for.
Chop says, "Joe, I have uh 15th of
December 2860
strike leaps trying to understand how
merger examples with SpaceX could impact
to the downside.
So there are different approaches or
theories on what happens if you have an
outofthe-oney high strike and let's say
SpaceX acquires Tesla for 700 and you
have an 860 stripe leap.
As far as I understand it, the most
likely thing that happens is is that
your Tesla share uh Tesla options will
be converted into SpaceX options. Right?
Because
from a legal perspective, you have the
right to buy whatever Tesla is, the
assets of Tesla, the representative
company for Tesla assets at a 860 strike
price, right? If there's a merger, you
still retain that right kind of and it
needs to be converted into the new
entity. So if it's a onetoone merger,
you are basically after you do the math,
you are allowed to uh you know buy the
merged entity at at the uh projected new
strike price.
What are your thoughts on Rivian?
No, I'm not bullish on Rivian. It's it's
it is very hard to survive as an
electric car company. I would be
extremely not bullish on anyone outside
Tesla to pull this off. So I'm not
bullish on Rivian. Different for the all
the space companies. I think you know
there we have a different situation. Uh
and some might actually make it. There's
space is there's a lot of space in
space.
Uh I tend to think SpaceX will rise
until December.
Well 26 due to indexes buying early 27
it may drop again. Thoughts? So Mark
Mark vanosen bugan bugen that sounds
very not actually Dutch that sounds
Flemish. What about this Mark? Let me
know. Did I get it right? Are you
Flemish and not Dutch? Mark van Oen.
Uh I want to know that now.
So yeah this is a very good question but
no I don't think so. You have to be
specific with the index inclusion.
The inclusion in the S&amp;P is not going to
happen. It's going to happen in one
year. So, forget about S&amp;P. The
inclusion in the NASDAQ is going to
happen very soon. I think in two weeks,
something like that, three weeks. Then
the
the recalibration, what is it? The
rebalancing of the index funds is going
to happen shortly thereafter.
Which means the drive, the push, the
demand push up for SpaceX is happening
now. It is happening in July, but then
they're running out of fumes. That's
what I think. The index inclusions
should be completely wrapped up by
August. So then what? Then you're
hanging in there at August. Probably go
a little higher or hang in here with the
index inclusions. And then comes just
endless relentless selling pressure from
all the expiration of the previous
lockups. You know, they expire all the
way down to 180 days. So by December
15th, the last person is, you know, not
locked up anymore outside the major
shareholders in Elon. They have to wait
366 days. Uh but by mid December,
everyone can sell and into December more
and more people can sell. And who's
going to buy? You know how the markets
are. They're going to get frustrated
like, "Oh, where's the money? Where's
the money? You're trading at 400, you
know, EIDA. You're trading at 100
something revenue.
So that's the problem.
Uh Sofa says many of us with you with
you on Tesla. Yeah, I think you guys are
smart.
My grandfather immigrated to the U as
from the Netherlands. So it is Dutch.
Mark Vanosenber.
Vanosen Van Oenberen. Very good.
Um also I need to tell a bad joke in
good faith. How many Germans does it
take to change a light bulb? One. They
are efficient and have no humor. Very
funny. Nordic men. We got German jokes.
Um, street grade zero. When are you
going to tell the joke? You guys are
very funny. Uh, will a merger shorten
that one to year one to twoyear low
trough? Brian,
that is a very good question. Of course,
it's going to shorten it, but we don't
need to worry about the merger because
if the merger happens, then you're
better off as Tesla anyway because other
Tesla goes up. Like Tesla, it's its own
thing. And if there's a merger and
SpaceX is higher, that's good for Tesla
anyway. So, you're always making in all
situations, you're making more money
with Tesla. And the trough of course
gets shortened if you merge with Tesla
because Tesla has its own forcing
functions. Sorry, I have to use the word
again. And so then we shorten it but uh
that's it.
Uh I love the German jokes.
Uh Rivian we had already that
sound is totally fine.
We are not going to scale cyber cap
until FSD version 15 says vault dweller.
I listened very closely to what Elon
said and he was very clear that they
don't have to wait for version 15. He
also said super scale will happen when
version 15 is out. But what does super
scale mean? Not 10,000 or 20,000. Super
scale means millions. So
um there you have it. We had four three.
This is pretty good. I'm recovering some
of my paper losses. Uh but it's
important to stay firm when you have a
thesis like this. I stay pretty firm and
uh that was very good.
Do we have more questions? What's going
on here?
They're still laughing about the German
joke.
Yeah. So, this is the situation. Uh, we
are working on a major major major
addition to Pioneer Lens. I don't know
if we can get it done by Sunday, but I
will present it to you guys on Sunday in
the live stream and we'll represent to
you what we actually revamped with
Pioneer Lens daily. We will be more
essay and analytics concentrated and
downgrade the news a little bit. So we
will have great publications of very
smart essays and more analytical
insights into the future of AI into our
major stocks. Of course, we will have
great financial models, but then we will
add a little bit more cultural insights
and political insights and we'll have
these essays because what we saw from
you guys, from the feedback is we want a
little bit more clear delineated opinion
on the three central pillars of
politics, culture, and of course, money
and AI. By the way, just saying.
Um, Yazir Baras Baray Yas says, "Hey
Joe, I really like your content and the
vision you stride by. I do have a couple
startup ideas
when I lost it and was wondering if I
could share them with you and go from
there." Yazir, you should join Pioneer
Lands and you we can discuss it there.
That's the time to do it
and uh and we can discuss all the great
stuff there.
I do not think FSD will ever come for
hardware 3. Why should they? It's better
to just focus on the future. You know,
I'm not a hardware 3 guy. Like, I don't
care too much. I feel bad for the people
who have hardware 3. I think they will
deploy some light version of it, but
that is not too big. Um, 21st Century
Knight
says, "You got 116 shares of SpaceX
of the 3,600 you asked for." H, that's
not too many.
Okay. Oh, now we have too many comments
here.
Has anyone thoughts of the optimist
making deliveries in the cyber ball?
This This can all happen, of course. If
the majority of SpaceX future TAM is in
enterprise applications, ideally
wouldn't it be better if SpaceX requires
enthropic? Oh, you can't you can't buy
Enthropic. That's a little expensive.
Uh, no. I think they have Cursa and
Grock. And I think people underestimate
how powerful this is. The acquisition of
the Cursor team will happen soon. By the
way,
60 billion. Technically, that's
dilution. By the way, I hope maybe the
market is just bullish on it, but
there's another little dilution of 3%,
right? 3%.
I don't know.
Uh, Andreas Peterson says, "Oh my god,
you should absolutely add like five
minute standup comedy with Joe." Me, I'm
not a stand-up comedian. I don't even
know how to do that. Like every Friday
you have to tell us some German jokes. I
can tell German jokes. That's like very
low bar because Germans are not funny.
So maybe I could be a German stand-up
comedian. Maybe this was asked earlier.
I just logged on. But why are all other
space stocks tanking today?
Well, sell the news event. I mean, they
went up like insane and I thought it's
very weird, but especially Space SPCE,
that's so stupid. This Richard Branson
thing, this total joke company went up
so much and then dropped 30%. I think
people honestly like confused it with
SpaceX. This is how bad it is.
Uh MKSK84 says, "Not like Derry will
sell. You can't buy anthropic is not for
sale. They're too big, too powerful. You
need to beat them. You need to be cursor
and beat them, which is possible.
I'm actually very bullish on this. But
again, I'm bullish on all these things.
I'm bullish on cursor Enterprise AI. I'm
extremely bullish on orbital AI. I think
people totally underestimate what's
going to happen. But this will take
time. And in this time, the stock will
drop because people are impatient.
And especially the people who hyped the
stock so much, they are a little evil.
They are literally Goldman Sachs and
Mong Stanley and JP Morgan. They're just
abusing everyone.
Uh
so GBC Y5HS says, "Yes, and Optimus
making deliveries in the semi and new
van when it comes out." Yes,
that is perfect. M42601
says, "Joe, I love the honest
perspective you bring to Herbert's
channel. No sense in being overly
optimistic." Yes, I think, you know how
it is. The I'm doing this as an
investor. I just share my thoughts here.
I'm not a real I mean, I love YouTube. I
love you guys. I love doing YouTube, but
that's not a business for me. I don't
rely on or like depend on this whole
thing. I'm just doing it for fun to get
some feedback. So, I don't need to hype
anything. I'm just trying to say
interesting things, but only if I
believe them and it helps me to reflect.
So, I'm maybe a little bit more straight
with these things. And I'm never going
to say anything that I think is not
exactly what I think. And sometimes
people get carried away with being
fanboys or girls of stuff. I'm even
though I sound sometimes like a fan of
Elon, I have a deep appreciation what
Elon is doing. I think he's taking some
serious risks, but he's also making a
lot of money of it. So, I have great
admiration for Elon. I think he's doing
a great job. I think sometimes he's
wrong. Sometimes he's a little genius.
Uh we just have to be realistic with
people and be of course appreciative of
people who take so much risk and give us
so much. But that doesn't mean you have
to just believe everything and you can
be a little critical when it's
appropriate.
Leonardo
Fier, I made it to the live show.
Congratulations, Leonardo, and welcome.
Joe, if there's a merger between Tesla
and SpaceX, when do you expect the
announcement? Well, that's the trillion
dollar question. I don't know, but I do
believe the announcement could be as
early as July or as late as July next
year.
Okay, so we need to have a broad window
here and you know it can happen early.
There are reasons it could happen early
but there also reason it can can happen
only next year. Leonardo says good day
from Los Angeles, my old hometown. So
Leonardo, where do you live in Los
Angeles?
Give me the street. Give me the give me
the the hood.
Street credit zero says you have the
equations wrong. we will get 453.
What? I didn't follow that conversation.
I believe you were 100% correct with a
whole $750 per share wedge. Yes. So, it
can't go under but above. Well, let's
see. But I think that's the only thing
that actually makes sense. Otherwise,
you introduce all kinds of risks that
you don't want. SpaceX
uh just sold my SpaceX is 165. That was
probably a smart move. We have some real
traders here. I hope you're not on Robin
Hood where you get penalized for that.
Uh, have 348 shares of Tesla.
Oh, I'm losing this thing. Uh, what
price would I add more? Only got 20
shares of 1,000 requested on Schwab.
Uh, you mean of SpaceX? I think Tesla is
a total buy down here. I mean, I'm I'm
maxed out.
M4760
says, "Oh, also don't tell ex Alex
Alexander, but I thought you won the
debate." Oh, I will not tell her. Uh,
she got a little worked up, but you
remained objective. Thank you. I
appreciate it. You guys can always tell
me when I win. Don't tell me when I
lose. I'm just kidding. Tell me when I'm
weak. Tell me when I'm strong. It's
helpful to get the feedback. The shape
of the new symbol for the Roadster is a
symbol of Superman's chest. What does
Superman do? I hear you ask. He flies.
Of course, the Roadster is going to fly.
Uh, yes, Andre. And Andreas. Uh, I won't
yet. I I won't vote. Yes. Otherwise,
exactly. And we still need votes. In my
opinion,
in my opinion, there are two reasons why
SpaceX cannot just piss off Tesla
shareholders. Number one, the votes are
not secure. I think Alexander is wrong
on this. They're not secure. If you do
stupid things, both institutions and
retail, you have fiduciary duties
towards both of them and they are going
to get pissed. You cannot just do this.
And second,
you cannot open yourself up to lawsuits
like that if there's anything anything
fishy going on.
So giant giants among men seven says I
own I like it that it's giants among men
77 which means like there probably 76
additional giants among men. Think about
it. I own 53 shares of Tesla and four of
SpaceX. If they merge, will I own 57
shares of the company or is it not that
simple? No, it's not that simple. When
you look at share prices, always forget
the share price. The share price, you
can split the shares, no one cares. You
have to look at market cap. Market cap
equals share price multiplied with the
outstanding share number. 3.5 billion
roughly don't roughly 3.5 billion shares
of Tesla roughly 13 billion shares of
SpaceX. If SpaceX is at 160, you have to
multiply 160 with 13 billion. That gives
you the real market cap, the real number
that you have to compare to Tesla. And
you multiply Tesla at 400 times 3.5
billion. And then you see SpaceX is
worth more than Tesla. That's how it
goes. So forget share prices. This is
really stupid. It doesn't matter what
the share price is. Share price, forget
it. Doesn't matter. There's no such
thing as share price. You have to look
at market cap and you compute the market
cap by multiplying the share price that
you see in the tickers with the
outstanding shares. I don't even know if
you see the shares here.
No, you have to like ask AI then you can
see the outstanding shares.
Elsie Gando.
Elsie Gundo. Elsie Gundo. That is where
all the rocket science is.
Silicon Beach. Elsie Gundo. Very nice.
What about crypto? I don't know. What
about crypto? Crypto. I'm very bullish
on crypto. I think we saw a great bounce
of Bitcoin. I think uh we are actually
in pretty good shape on that side of
things
and uh I am quite optimistic to be
totally honest. I know people are all
nervous about that stuff and uh think
it's the end but this draw down has been
very tame compared to the previous uh
draw downs. You see that Bitcoin is at
63,000. We saw a very very nice bounce
from the 60,000. the important 60,000
uh floor, the previous floor in
February. Look at this. Bing. It bounced
again and again and again. So,
I don't think I I'm actually pretty
bullish on this whole situation, right?
When you look at this, here's the floor
before it was around the 60,000 or the
first like, you know, when it ran up in
2024 and then it took a breather before
it went super high and now it's back
here head and shoulders and stuff like
that.
So, I think the 60,000 holds pretty
nicely and we see a lot of fundamental
buildup for Bitcoin. So, I am not very
concerned. I'm actually pretty bullish.
I'm just more cautious than with Tesla
because with Bitcoin, who the hell
knows? They have to be a little more
cautious.
What are your thoughts on AGI? That's a
very good question. I love this. Yaz
baras. Uh what are your thoughts on AGI
in the moment we displace 99.9% of jobs
or do you not think this will happen? I
think
that this is a long story but I think
AGI is here. I think this stuff already
works. I think from here it's all about
the harness. I think the actual models
are very effective. the actual models
are probably at 130 IQ and will like
maybe we we hit some kind of wall at 140
150 IQ maybe maybe that could be but we
already at 130 we at 130 IQ and the
question how good these things become in
terms of human percentage
that is not a question of the models
that's what people get wrong it's the
question of the hardness around it it's
what you do with the models is how you
instruct your open claw systems and
stuff like that how they these MD files,
how you manage the agents and
everything. In other words, this is not
rocket science. It's very easy. We will
figure it out. Which means by end of
this year, I guarantee you most white
collar jobs
are at stake. They can be replaced and
then it's just a question of execution
and that execution will happen much
faster than people think. So I am not
bullish on jobs. I think there will be a
major major wave of job destruction and
I think we're getting gas lit on a
tremendous scale by all these people and
I think that's going to happen next
year. I said it for a long time. I stick
to my projections. I think next year we
will see massive job elimination.
And this idea you create more jobs than
you destroy. Like definitely not in the
short term. That's the dumbest story
I've ever heard. And whatever you see
right now in the data, people talk about
the data. The data doesn't matter when
you have disruptive moments in time
because the data changes all the time.
Forget it.
What was this IPO so just so Elon can
pay a massive premium to acquire Tesla
and finally retain majority voting
rights? No, Matt. I think that might be
part of the reason, but the main reason
is they needed money. They will need
much more money in the future and being
public makes it much easier.
Uh,
what about Amazon?
Amazon. I'm more bullish on Nvidia to be
honest. Nvidia is just the steel of the
century because Nvidia is like so cheap.
Nvidia has a completely controlling
market dominating position. I think
Amazon is like midfield of the Mac 7.
It's definitely better than Apple or
something. It's probably better than
Microsoft. It's probably not as good as
Google, even though I hate Google as a
company, but as a stock, it's pretty
good. I think Tesla is the number one.
And I think Nvidia is the number two.
Uh,
wow, we have so many questions today.
Kieran Rice says, "Joe, if the merge
between Tesla and SpaceX is inevitable,
and I own quite a bit of Tesla shares,
at least over 5,000. Congratulations.
Should I still get SpaceX shares if my
Tesla will eventually become under SP?
No, I would not.
Just my take on it. I think you make
more money by having more Tesla shares
in case of merger. Tesla will not get
more than 5 to 10,000 robo taxis before
H2 2027 earliest. We will see about
this. I think we could easily get more.
Green eggs and turkey bacon. That sounds
yummy. Says Fable is an incredible
model. Well, I hate I hate anthropic
right now in terms of writing. I'm using
it mostly for essay construction writing
and it totally sucks. Deepseek is much
better by the way. I'm a big Deep Seek
fan now just based on what I experience,
but I have a very specific use case and
uh in coding I heard Fable is absolutely
incredible. Unfortunately, as
pedestrians can have only until June
22nd. Well, after that you can pay for
API.
Yensen is gaslighting everyone of I mean
that's his job. We shouldn't be mad at
Jensen. Of course Yensen like what is he
supposed to say? We all losing the jobs.
No, he's going to say it's going to be
amazing. Buy more Nvidia and then when
it happens like no one could have seen
that coming. Is he going to say all I
want to know is what happens to Tesla
stock if they merge.
So my expense when they merge,
forget the share price by the way. You
always have to first look at market cap.
If it's a onetoone merger and SpaceX is
at is at two trillion, right? And Tesla
is at 1.5 trillion for example.
So we at 2.2 trillion right now. If you
would merge today, just let me explain
how this works. If you would merge today
for one to one, which is the minimum
they have to give us, I think otherwise
it's it's not going to work otherwise,
then that means Tesla would go to 2.2
trillion. Okay? If you have Tesla shares
and we merge and it's a one one merger
one one it's not one to one shares it's
one to1 market cap so that means SpaceX
would pay 2.2 trillion in SpaceX shares
to Tesla and what does it mean for Tesla
look Tesla is at 1.26 26 trillion. So it
had to go up nearly 100%. So you're
dealing with a share price of roughly
750 as I predicted before. So your
shares would go up to 750 which is a
pretty good deal. I think most people
would would yes on that. If I would give
you $750 per Tesla share, would you give
me your shares and exchange get the
SpaceX shares? That's the question.
We have so many questions today.
Uh will it be like Tesla and Solar City?
Well, different numbers but same
principle. Why do you think MSE is mid
tier of the Mac 7? Because I think Tesla
has the highest potential. I think
Nvidia is the best value. I think Amazon
I think Google is stronger than
Microsoft. And Microsoft still has to
show us that they still have it under
control, that they can manage tightly. I
mean, Google is managing better than
Microsoft right now to get uh to get uh
value out of this whole thing and Amazon
is also doing it better. So, I think
Microsoft is just a little bit above
Apple.
How do you feel about Intel?
Also, big fan. Thanks for the videos.
Thank you so much, Daniel Chadwick. uh
Intel I have to look at the latest that
thing went up a lot. Intel has a very
strategic positioning because it's the
only American chip maker. So they are
benefiting from the Trump focus on
keeping America supply chain integrated.
Same with Micron Technologies. So they
have this enormous
put option kind of that not much can
happen to Intel. So that's good. So they
have a lot of shots on target. So, it's
they're in a good situation, but they
went up a lot.
So, valuation wise, I didn't do a deep
dive, but strategically, it's definitely
in a bullish situation.
Mother of God, 750 sounds good.
[laughter]
Yeah, [snorts] right now that would be
the case.
Uh, Intel going to grow like hell
probably. As a retail investor, I could
say no. I think Tesla is worth more 600,
but what options does an institution
have to turn down above market price
offer?
Yeah, good question.
MP materials and rare earth USA stock.
Yeah, I mean all of them are bullish.
You just have to watch out for
valuations. Look at Micron. I mean
Micron is getting a little up there,
right? Uh, and so things can go wrong
from here. Okay, we need to wrap it up.
Uh, it's getting late, but I hope this
was interesting. We having a nice nice
uh move into the close. That is the
topic of this video. So, as you can see
here, Tesla doing pretty fine after this
drop. And I think remember this drop.
This is the point in time where we were
we we were relieved from our little
curse. That's exactly the last piece of
the curse. And now we are off to the
races. Don't forget this is a
ridiculously low number for Tesla. Tesla
got slaughtered with a SpaceX runup
here. Don't forget we were just at 440
not too long ago. And don't forget 490
is coming. All we need all we need to
get to 490
is 50 cyber caps unsupervised. And that
can absolutely happen
even over this weekend. I'm not
promising anything. I don't know about
it. But these things are in the wild.
They are being deployed. The time is
now. We will see what happens. But I am
very bullish here.
Okay guys, thank you so much
and uh see you tomorrow.