Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       How Tesla Thinks Differently Than Wall Street
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxr_dkyv6Kg
Published:   2026-04-25 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-25 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The market looked at Tesla's Q1 and
decided expectations were too high, so
the stock dropped. Here's the problem.
That reaction might be based on a
misread of what Tesla actually said. So
today, we'll review all the key parts of
the call and decipher it. Because if you
go back to the actual transcript, a very
different picture might emerge. One
thing to keep in mind is Tesla conducts
itself very differently than any other
company on Wall Street. Tesla doesn't
manage the quarter like other companies.
It builds for stop function changes. And
if you misunderstand that, you may find
yourself extremely frustrated. Our guest
today is Cernin Basher. He's a chartered
financial analyst running his own
investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome, Ser.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. Uh we're going to talk
about expectations today. And uh as
William Shakespeare said, uh expectation
is the root of all heartache.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it sure is. And
misunderstanding, right? Y.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what you've done prepared
today looks like is you've took the
actual transcripts and we're going to go
word for word and try to uh see how some
people interpreted them, how others
interpreted them, and then try to see
what we think it might have been, what
it meant. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's important to be as
objective about this as we can. Um, and
and I think to go to the transcript is
the most objective way to do it because
you're looking at what was actually
said. um assuming that there's no
material error in the transcript. I
guess that's always a possibility, but
let's let's assume it's good. Um but
perhaps if we can just kind of level set
with this topic of expectations and I
put together a list of various quotes
about expectations and this may seem
kind of silly but actually I think this
is important just to talk about this
&gt;&gt; as I mentioned you know William
Shakespeare quote right expectation is
the root of all heartache
&gt;&gt; and I think we know this from a sort of
personal relationship standpoint
um if you have high expectations or
certain expectations of somebody
particularly somebody you might have a
relationship ship with and they do
something that disappoints you, then
that can create a lot of pain. And so,
one of the key things certainly in
interpersonal relationships is to make
sure that your expectations are
appropriate for that that other person.
Um, and not everybody's going to behave
exactly like yourself. People are going
to behave differently. And so, just
because they're different than you, does
that mean that they didn't meet your
expectations? And does that mean that
they've disappointed you? Well, maybe
the problem is the expectations that you
have. So, that's one thing. Um, and then
some other quotes. Um, you know, trade
your expectation for appreciation and
your whole world changes. Tony Robbins.
And this one is when you think about
Tesla and what they're doing, the the
scope of what they're trying to
accomplish here. This is the first
company that is building products,
AI products for the real world.
No one said this was going to be easy.
No one said this would be delivered on
time. Or maybe some people said that it
would be delivered at a certain time,
aka Elon. But you know what? This is
hard. It's never been done before. And
maybe we should have a bit more
appreciation for what he and the Tesla
team are going through and just be kind
of in awe of where they're at right now.
Now again, I'm not I'm not saying we
shouldn't hold them accountable, but I'm
just saying that having these specific
date sort of expectations for certain
things may be very foolish on our part.
And of course, when you think about it
as a financial analyst, well, I've got a
spreadsheet to put numbers into. I've
got to put numbers that are time bound.
And so, of course, I have expectations,
and of course, I'm constantly changing
those numbers. But I think just at at a
higher level, it's important to
understand what Tesla is trying to
accomplish here. None of this is easy.
Um, and then a similar one, sometimes we
create our own heartbreaks through
expectation.
Um, unrealistic expectations are
premeditated resentments.
We've seen this, I think, from a lot of
very bullish people in the Tesla
community that have these high
expectations and suddenly they have
flipped and become some of the biggest
detractors of the company.
Um, I think we can all probably name,
you know, several people. I'm not going
to name names here, but there are a lot
of people now that are very, very
negative about the company. And to me,
to me, looking at their history, many of
them had very unreal realistic
expectations.
Now, they might blame Elon for what he
said and Elon for being late, but at the
same time, I think their expectations
were unrealistic.
Okay. Um, another good one, expectations
were like fine pottery. The harder you
held them, the more likely they were to
crack.
Um, and then you know why does Elon talk
about some of these things in the way
that he does? Well, part of it is is
kind of motivational I think for his
team and this next quote I think speaks
to that high achievement always takes
place in the framework of high
expectation.
And if you're running a company like
Tesla where you've got a a lot of very
very high performing people, very very
intelligent people, you want to keep
expectations very high to motivate them.
And I think maybe Elon
does that for his team, but he's also
doing it publicly. And of course, that's
one of the ways he communicates to the
team is is publicly. And I think a lot
of investors perhaps confuse that with,
well, what should investor expectations
be?
So I think we have to be sort of careful
about expectations for the company and
where he wants it to go versus really
what they should be for the stock and
for for the company itself in terms of
terms of its um financials. And then the
famous Warren uh Benjamin Graham quote
in the short run the market is a voting
machine. In the long run it's a weighing
machine. Everybody always talks about
after these quarters they disappointed.
They they they missed analyst
expectations. They did this. They did
the other. But you know what? That isn't
going to matter in the long run. No one
cares whether Tesla disappointed
expectations 15 quarters ago. That is
not relevant to anything anymore. It's
only relevant in the short term. So it's
important, I think, to keep that in
mind. And then, you know, for Tesla,
this last one, when expectations get too
high, even excellence looks like
failure. So here we are with version,
you know, 14.3.
It's an amazing piece of software and
yet it's late and it's it's a failure
because it didn't fix everything that
people want it to fix. So we we find
ourselves in this weird spot I think of
navigating the collective expectations
of the Tesla community and of course
you're always going to have some people
that are very disappointed and you have
other people that perhaps are willing to
say well you know what yes this takes
time. I'm willing to shift my
expectations a little bit. You know,
it's it's an interesting thing to
navigate and I think that with with you
and your channel, you're you're right in
the middle of it. Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; So, thank you for putting all together
those ways to think about this. Um, it
it just to be clear though, right, Elon,
Musk, and Tesla themselves are the ones
that are causing this expectation. In
some cases, in many cases, Elon would
set this target and then everybody
believes that that's a target that's
going to be happening. It does not
happen. And he does it time and time and
time again. He missed expectations. He
misses performance. He misses his own
targets. And I know you've explained it,
everybody explained it. He's doing that
to motivate team. Uh and and so just to
be clear, we you know, for me, and I
think you as well,
I'm not an Elon Musk psychopath. So
people accuse me of that. And I'm not
here trying never saying negative things
about the company. People accuse me of
that. It's about Elon himself saying
things and then you we say he did not
hit these targets. He did not hit the
50% mark. He did not have the 500
doubling of robo taxi growth each month.
Those are just two recent examples. He's
had many many of these and we point them
out. But people think that if you're
being um if you pick, you know, you you
got to be very very critical of the
company. And I think that that is fair
to be critical about that. Right. Well,
I I think it's fair to be critical and
it's easy for us to sit here and be
critical because we're not we're not in
the thick of things, right? We're not on
the battlefield. Now, if you think about
the way that Tesla conducts these calls,
from my experience,
these earnings call for Tesla are very
different than almost every other
company and the way they conduct the
earnings calls. Most earnings calls are
highly scripted. It's clear that the
executive team have planned for it. They
know what they're going to say. they
know exactly what they want to
communicate to analysts. They've got a
list of, you know, five to 10 points.
The CFO in many cases has a document
that's already preprinted, pre-prepared,
and they essentially just read this
document. Now, I think in the case of
Tesla's call, the CFO is prepared. He
knows what he's going to say. I sort of
view Elon as showing up five minutes
before and saying, "Okay, let's go." So,
if you think about it, Elon is on the
battlefield all the time. And now four
times a year we take him out of that
battlefield and we stick him in a room
and we make him speak to investors.
Elon's mind he's not worried about
necessarily about that. He's he's
thinking about all the things he has to
think about to move this company
forward. And now we're forcing him to
sit down and we're asking him questions
about what he thinks about this that and
the other. And I think they are kind of
snapshots in time about where what he
thinks is going to happen. And of course
that's constantly changing.
And it's almost as though Elon doesn't
remember what he said last quarter and
how we've anchored our expectations on
what he said.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, he said we're going to be in
enough cities that's 50% of the
population and we're not. This is a
disappointment. This is terrible.
They're behind. What's wrong? And I
think in Elon's mind, he's he's kind of
forgotten that. Although there's there's
certain things he repeats like all the
time, you know. um for years it was the
uh robo taxi was going to be the biggest
wealth unlock ever like we're going to
activate the fleet and he kept repeating
that I think for a good year good year
and a half and now that's clearly
changed as as they're in the middle of
it and they recognize that now they
don't necessarily want to activate the
fleet all at once or at least they're
not ready to at this point there's some
things that they have to do as they as
they're closer to that point so I I
don't know I I just think It's important
to understand the situation that Elon
finds himself in when he's in these
calls because
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is not something that he's really
focusing any of his time on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, and that's another criticism
and it's absolutely fair, right? These
calls where he's leading them, it
they're not good. They're terrible. They
could be done better for investors
because he did not give clear. He will
make statements what it depending on
what's ex scale means. Well, we don't.
We're all like in baited breath going,
"What? What? Give us give us a number.
Give us a number." But then on the other
side, last call he would say specific
dates and he misses them. This time he
said it's impossible to know how many
optimists we're going to be able to
create by the end of the year. But last
year he said 5,000.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, okay, that is really poorly done.
And of course, his tone uh you know how
investors do it. Institutional investors
run an AI. They've been doing it for
years too by the way on every word that
a CEO says on these earnings calls and
the stock rises and drops because of the
sentiment of those words that that CEO
says and that's what's happening. So
anyways that I think we also agree is
that these are poorly run. I I don't
debate that and that they are badly
calls. They could have been done better.
I I completely agree with that. If we're
judging it by the the gold standard of
earnings calls, and maybe you could
point at Nvidia or other companies that
do, I think, a remarkable job of setting
expectations and being extremely
consistent about how they go about that.
Uh Nvidia, for example, tells you what
their revenue expectation is for the
next quarter, and then they beat that by
a few billion dollars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And they do that quarter after quarter,
and analysts absolutely love it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tesla doesn't do anything like that.
Uh, Nvidia tells you what their gross
margins are going to be. They give you a
range. Tesla,
they talk about a little bit, but
they're not giving any kind of guidance
about that. Elon, I don't think, cares
about that kind of stuff. To me, it's a
bit like you've got a a highly skilled
surgeon with a terrible bedside manner.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Would you rather have a surgeon that's
not as good, but he's has a great
bedside manner?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think investors need to
realize that we've got somebody very
special in Elon in many ways, but he's
not perfect and he's not great at
everything he does. And if you're
judging him on the quality of his
earnings call and the way he conducts
that, you might give him a low grade on
that.
&gt;&gt; But you know what? He's the best surgeon
that we can find. Who else would you
want to run the company? He's not
running it for the short term. I don't
think he cares at all about what the
gross margins are quarter to quarter or
even about the revenue or the free cash
flow. I don't think that's even in his
mind. Sure, you would like a CEO to be
aware and focused on all those things
and trying to optimize everything, but
that's just not where his head's at and
I don't think it ever will be. And the
good news is he's got a great team
around him that takes care of all that
stuff, but that is not that is not his
focus and it never will be. And so from
an expect expectation standpoint, we
should not have the expectation that
he's going to change.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. in that regard. Now, I think to
your point, I think he's taken some
feedback and maybe now he's not giving
some numbers. He's not no longer saying,
"Oh, it's 5,000 or 10,000 robots." He's
just being vague about it. And I think
that's maybe him taking the feedback and
saying, "Hey, Leon, you're giving us
these numbers that that aren't turning
out to be accurate. Why are you doing
this?" And so now he's he's kind of gone
the other way and saying, "Okay, I'm not
going to give you anything."
&gt;&gt; And and now we're frustrated by that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Some people are absolutely
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, let's go through the the
transcripts. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, there's a lot of important topics I
think on the earnings call and capex is
one of them. Um, and I think a lot of
ink has been spilled about, you know,
how capex expectations have changed. So,
here's here's what he said. Uh, thank
you. So, I think we've got a very
exciting year ahead of us with 2026.
We're going to be substantially
increasing our investments in the
future. So, we should expect to see
significant a very significant increase
in capex. But I think well justified for
a substantially increased future revenue
stream. Um and I think you showed a
quote by by Bill Aman saying that if you
have a company that is spending more
money on capex because they've got
future revenues that they see in the
pipeline, by all means that that's
exciting. That's good news. They're not
spending capex because they've got to
they've got to redo the factory because
they built it wrong the first time. That
this is for new business opportunity.
And he says obviously Tesla's not alone
in this. And I think you've seen most if
not all. Certainly the major technology
companies are substantially increasing
their capex. Uh we're going to be doing
the same. I think it's going to pay off
in a very big way.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; He's not saying it's going to pay off
next quarter, this year, even next year.
This is long-term thinking in Elon's
mind. And Elon is probably the most one
of the longest term thinkers I've ever
seen. And here he is running a public
company where people want quarterly
results. Right there there's a
disconnect. And so as investors, I think
you just have to realize that. Um, and
then by Bob, uh, the CFO says, uh, you
know, he's setting expectations on free
cash flow. We ended the quarter with
just over 1.4 billion. As Elon
mentioned, we're in a very big capital
investment phase. We're going to start
now. It lasts for a couple of years, he
says. And so, they're saying current
expectation for 2026 is over 25 billion
in capex. Now, historically, when uh
Tesla sets a capex expectation, they've
always underspent. In this case, it may
well be more than what they're saying.
We'll have to see. Just to remind you,
we're paying for six factories which
were going which which were going into
operation. Some have already started,
some would go into operation later part
of this year. Okay. Um and he goes on,
he says uh in the middle of the next
paragraph, while this may seem a lot and
we'll have the impact of negative free
cash flow for the rest of the year. So
every quarter from now on, next three
quarters, we'll have negative free cash
flow. He's setting that expectation for
us and he says we believe it's the right
strategy to position the company for the
next era and we'll make investments in a
very capital efficient manner. And this
is what sets Tesla apart. You and I did
a show on this versus some of the other
mag 7 companies. They're very capital
efficient. They get much more out of
every dollar they spend on capex than
many other companies do. So this to me
actually is very exciting. So personally
my take on this is this is great.
Accelerate your capex now. Spend the
money. Why didn't they build the Optimus
factory two years ago, for example?
Well, here they are building it now. Why
didn't you invest more money in compute,
you know, a year ago? Here they are
doing it now. And and they did. They
have been building compute throughout
this whole period. I'm not saying they
didn't, but this is for me an
unmitigated positive that they're
expanding capex at this point.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I agree with you. In fact, I
want them to do more. And I I was
already saying again last year, spend
more and go to negative cash flow now.
and and they're doing it now. But of
course, uh the what happened to the
stock absolutely dropped like a rock and
the the attacks on Tesla being not no
longer profitable.
Spending too much money. It's like,
dude, we're an AI. These guys need to
spend the money. We're about to roll out
Robotex, a bots and all that. They need
to spend money.
&gt;&gt; It's a good thing, not a negative, but
okay. Different perspectives, isn't it?
About short-term versus long-term. And
also too, let's not confuse
profitability with negative free cash
flow.
&gt;&gt; Profit is an accounting uh metric that
factors in all kinds of non-cash
charges. And free cash flow is actually
looking at cash on the books. So in some
way, you could have a very profitable
company and you could have a free free
cash flow negative company or cash flow
negative company if you exclude capex.
In this case, we're taking the cash the
company brings in and we're looking at
what they're spending on investing and
they're saying it's going to be
negative. That is not necessarily a bad
thing. That doesn't mean that the value
of the company has gone down because
they're in that situation. There are
many companies in history and Amazon's
one of the more famous ones who have
famously spent as much as they could on
capex and were free cash flow negative
for years. If that gets you to a better
place long term, then you should do it.
And by the way, Tesla wouldn't have any
problem raising capital if it needed to.
&gt;&gt; Not suggesting they sell equity. They
could, but they could also borrow some
money. And when you're as large as
Tesla, you can borrow money pretty
cheaply. So if you can borrow at, let's
say, 5% and you're developing something
that's going to create billions, if not
trillions of economic value in the
future, you'd be almost a fool not to.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So this for me is very encouraging. This
I I take this this part in a very very
positive way.
&gt;&gt; Very positive way. Yep. But in fact the
stock fell when he said this. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; which is yeah that's short term
&gt;&gt; and I think that's the algorithms that
you were speaking about when when
companies raise capex the the initial
thing is sell
&gt;&gt; just immediately sell automatic
&gt;&gt; yeah okay terapab there seems to be
confusion around this and so we had a
question from William Stein um is asking
about terapab and so Elon goes on and
he's being I think very truthful here
they got a lot to figure out he says
we're still working out the details of
the terapab deployment
In the near term, Tesla will be building
the research fab on our Giga Texas
campus. And we we've seen the
groundbreaking with that. And he's
saying it's about three billion for
that. Um capable of a few thousand
wafers per month. Uh it's really
intended to try out ideas. Okay. And
then on the next paragraph on the right,
he says SpaceX is going to take care of
the initial phase of the scaled up
terra. So some people have read into
that that well Tesla's not involved.
This is this SpaceX. SpaceX is going to
get all the returns from from Terapab.
No, he's saying SpaceX is going to take
care of the initial phase.
&gt;&gt; This is a partnership between the two
firms. And then of course he goes on and
talks about some of the pains they're
experiencing in terms of working
together between the two firms which is
further fueling the expectation that the
two companies will will merge at some
point. And he's sort of telling us how
difficult this is and just a simple
partnership between the two companies
and just making sure that both sets of
shareholders are treated fairly.
you can see you can see the pain that
he's going through on on this where he
wants things to move much quicker and
now you've got the different sets of
boards of directors having to discuss it
whereas normally it's not an issue. Um I
think for me this is a very strong
signal that he wants these two companies
to be to be merged at some point. That's
separate from the whole issue that Tesla
investors might have in terms of okay
how does this work? What's the
valuation? That's a whole another
discussion that I think the likes of
Larry and Alexander I think have has
have shared a lot of good thoughts on.
But just on the issue of terapab and the
investment, Tesla's making the initial
uh investment in the research fab and
SpaceX is going to make the initial
investment whatever that is of the of
the terra fab itself
&gt;&gt; which we don't yet have a location for.
We don't know where that's going to be
built and and you know when even
&gt;&gt; well that's part that's why SpaceX is
going to go IPO raise that money to
build the terra fab as one of the
investments that they're going to do. Uh
great explanation of terra fab and uh
yeah again a lot of mis misunderstanding
of what it is that they he actually said
um but it's good yeah this is it that
Tesla is involved with the research fab
that is fantastic. Okay, let's shift to
production. By my read of this call, uh
Tesla's in a really good spot right now.
And let's kind of share with what Elon
and what Bob has said. So Elon says, "So
on our vehicle side, it's always I think
worth noting that a Tesla car is
incredibly incredible value for money
and they're all autonomy already
depending on what part of the world you
live in. The supervised full
self-driving is getting extremely good.
We've just started production of
CyberCap and we'll begin production of
the semi-trucks soon. Now, what does
soon mean? We'll see. And I should say
whenever you have a new product with
completely new supply chain and all
that, he talks about, you know, it takes
a while to ramp up production. But he
says ramping up and going kind of
exponential
&gt;&gt; towards the end of the year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, we should expect a slow ramp
on both of these cyber cab and semi. And
he says it would be very slow. He says
this. So we shouldn't be disappointed in
my in my view if it is very slow and we
only see you know a few dozen cars a day
or something like that from Cybercap. Uh
they they will no doubt have some issues
to work through. Okay. But he's he's
setting expectation here of exponential
by the end of the year. Now the question
is is that a time frame that we can
bank? Well, I think it depends on what
problems they find as they begin to ramp
up production particularly with the
semi. I to me that's a maybe more of a
complex situation. Um, that's a big
vehicle. Um, so, you know, again, from
an expectation standpoint, is this time
frame the right thing to anchor on?
Well, we we'll have to see. We'll have
to see. And then he says, in fact, we'll
be ramping up production of all vehicles
in all facettories to the best of our
ability through the balance of this
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's encouraging. By Bob goes on. He
says, on the order backlog front, we
ended the quarter with the highest Q1
order backlog in over two years. That's
fantastic news. if Tesla was just a car
company, the Wall Street analyst should
be thrilled at this. And he says, "With
the recent increase in gas prices has
had a positive impact on the order rate.
This improvement started before the
uptrend in gas prices." So he's saying
this is an additional factor that should
help us.
Um and then he says um talks about model
3 and adjusting for inflation. But
towards the end of that uh paragraph um
he says given the setup we focused on
increasing our overall production volume
something that we already started in Q1.
This volume increase is evidenced by the
Giga Berlin reaching a record output of
over 61,000 units in Q1. We plan to keep
growing volumes further not just in
Berlin but across all our factories. So
he's repeating what Elon said. And then
he goes on to mention an issue. the
biggest limiter continues to be our
battery pack capacity. Not batteries
themselves, but the battery packs. And
he says, "We're actively working on
resolving that." So,
this is important to realize, too,
right? This it's not just a matter of
saying, "We've got this great order book
and we're going to produce more cars."
There's stuff that happens along the way
that causes problems. And so, even the
these guys can sit here and say, you
know what, we we love what we're seeing.
The growth is good, but you know,
there's certain things I guess they can
do about this, but there's a lot of
things that are probably out of their
hands. And this is one example. Any
thoughts on that, Herbert? In terms of
production,
&gt;&gt; it's I mean, first of all, like you
said, as a car company, things have
turned around uh across the board. Uh
EMA, China, and a little bit here in the
US. That's very encouraging. They're
going to increase production everywhere.
That's encouraging. But yeah, the the
most important statement we need to look
at is this one right here. Cybercap
production it is ramping up slow going
kind of exponential towards the end of
the year. So that's the big question.
How many cyber caps are we talking about
here? Are we talking 2,000 by the end of
the year? 10,000 or 20,000 or more?
And that is the question because when
you then say well then they're going to
be used for robo taxi.
You have to ask yourself what does that
mean? is robo taxi just you know my
number right now is likely 10,000
and uh that's that's my go my my my my
estimate right now just 10,000 but some
people were saying 50,000 and higher and
that's where the expectation is that's
why they thought that this is a bad call
because they thought the robot taxi is
now just going to be under 15 under
under not the 200,000 that they were
expecting
you know and and I'm like well why did
you expect that because but anyways I
think the cyber cap production is very
telling that will tell you how many cars
there will be in the network by the end
of the year now
&gt;&gt; yeah it's clear to me that that at some
point all those cyber cabs will be put
to use there's no point making them and
storing them they're all going to be
rolled out um so watching the cyber cab
production rate I think will give us a
nice early signal to where robo taxi
network will be in terms of total
vehicles yeah
&gt;&gt; speaking of robo taxi so let's talk
about that. So Elon says we've expanded
robot taxi to Dallas and Houston uh
using the same software source is in the
Bay Area. It doesn't mention Austin.
That's kind of interesting. And the
limiting factor for expansion is really
rigorous validation,
making sure things are completely safe.
And we've seen now over the last few
weeks a lot of cyber cab engineering
prototype vehicles that I think they're
using probably for validation in all
kinds of cities all over the United
States. We've seen them reports of them
in many many places and he's just saying
we don't want to have a single
accidental injury with the expansion of
robo taxi and we have to the credit of
the team not had a single one to date.
So they are being extremely extremely
cautious here
uh to me more cautious than Whimo has
been. Whimo seems to be had been at
least historically willing to take more
risks
and Elon is just saying I guess that
it's just not worth the risk. Let let's
make sure that we're putting the safest
vehicle we can out there and if it means
you know delaying things further so be
it.
We don't want to cause any problems if
we know that we can avoid them.
&gt;&gt; And I think because they
&gt;&gt; Go ahead. I was just going to say
Herbert, I think because they have
visibility into FSD development and
what's coming down the pipe, I think
they I think they constantly say, well,
let's just let's just go slow and put
this new version in. Um,
but go ahead. You wanted to make a
comment about
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So expand limiting the factor is
extreme is really rigorous rigorous
validation. And then down here, Ashok
says that we are increasing the amount
of our QA fleet, but we also want to
increase the customer fleet to give us
the useful metrics back so that we can
scale it safely. We're absolutely
focused on safety. So, they have flooded
the market as many QA fleets and these
rigorous validation to really be sure
before they roll it out. But then later,
they say that safety is not the issue.
They've had zero incidents and they're
not concerned about safety. They're
they're they're trying to work out these
final steps, right? You'll you'll talk
about that. But safety is when when he
talked about that we want another
version of the software to to have even
better safety. It's he said degrees of
safety, right? Magnitudes of safety. I
think he was referring to there global
like like millions of cars cuz honestly
I if you honestly to the 14.3 today
could theoretically be rolled out to
every single person all around the world
right now
&gt;&gt; because it works. But now you're not
going to do that because you don't want
even one accident. And so you want to
wait till the next version because you
know that there's going to be a
magnitude change in safety then and
let's do that one to go global like
millions. But does that mean that we're
no longer going to roll out robo taxi
beyond, you know, 500 cars, thousand
cars? And I'm saying maybe, you know,
10,000 robo taxes by the end of this
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, a good good question. I don't
think we know. And I think whatever
expectation you you have or anybody else
has, we run the risk of being
disappointed because that expectation
may not be the one that we should have.
The problem is we don't know what the
expectation should be because the
company isn't telling us. They're using
words that we can't we can't quantify.
And look at the the last couple sentence
there of that second paragraph for Elon.
He says, "I think probably unsupervised
FSD or robo taxi revenue would not be
super material this year." Well, what
does supermaterial mean? Now, material
has a meaning in accounting speak, but I
don't know that Elon's aware of that or
using that. He's just saying it's not
super material. what whatever that means
is super material a billion dollars is
it 5 billion is it 10 billion we don't
know but then he says I do think it'll
be material it'll be material probably
in a significant way next year again
there's no quantification of numbers
there so it leaves it up to the rest of
us to sort of develop our own
expectations
which again are going to be wrong
&gt;&gt; you know I'm going to do a show that I'm
going to break this down what is
material and it's a billion dollars
Well,
&gt;&gt; says who?
&gt;&gt; Right. Material. You know, you need at
least
&gt;&gt; Well, material for me is 500 million.
So, who's right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Material for somebody else might
be, you know, 5% of the company's
revenue might be 5 billion
&gt;&gt; on on a financial basis though, right?
This is we're talking revenue like true
financial. What would an accountant say
is material?
&gt;&gt; 5%.
could be,
&gt;&gt; you know, and and is anyone thinking
that though when he's saying this?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. We don't know. I mean,
there's that word material which is
again the most important word of the
entire transcript. That one and scale
like I think you'll probably show us
that quote that he talked about, you
know, when we go true scale like
depending on what your definition of
scale is. Right
&gt;&gt; now, Vibob does say there in the top
paragraph, he says, "We grew the robot
taxi fleet quarter over quarter and we
expect to keep ramping the fleet
&gt;&gt; as we accelerate."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And get into other geographies.
&gt;&gt; Keeping the fleeting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is it like we have two cars now,
we're going to ramp it up to three?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or is it 10, 20, 50? And and I think
this is where people took the comments
that they said and then they said, "Oh,
everything's delayed." Well, wait, is
that what they said? And what do you
mean by delay? Like, what were again
expectations? So, I had did a Cyber Bull
show and I'm getting lots of comments
and people did not hear what I said. I
said, "Okay, number one, yes, Tesla has
missed expectations over and over and
over again. Yes, Elon is bad on the
call. He has said that we're going to
have 50% of the US market. We did not do
that. He said that we're going to double
each month. We did not do that. Okay, so
I have to repeat myself here because
people think I didn't say these things.
What I said was I personally already had
my own expectation had already changed
prior to this call that I was not
expecting that we were going to be
doubling every month. That that was the
expectations. Um, and then so when I
heard him say that we're still going to
have 12 states, um, now the question is
what were you thinking? You know, were
were people thinking it was going to be
50,000, 100,000 cars, a million cars?
Then yeah, you're right. It's a delay.
&gt;&gt; But for me, I never I was thinking 10
15,000 cars. I said that months ago. And
so I feel like for me it was like, yeah,
it's still probably 10 15,000 cars at
this point. It's interesting too because
you and I did a show a few weeks ago
about the impact of a delay on robo
taxi,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; If you shifted everything back, what
what does that do to the present value?
Well, think about it. If you're valuing
a company on a PE basis, you lose a lot
of value if you look at the PE on this
year's earnings because now this year's
earnings are lower than you expected,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But if you just delay it in a present
value calculation, the value drops by
like 2 or 3%. It's not material over a
long period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is again an issue between
Wall Street, I think, and and retail
investors. It can look longer term. Um,
everybody on Wall Street is much more
quarterly focused. Excuse me. Continuing
on robo taxi on the next page. So, Colin
Colin Langan um asked a question. He
says, "You removed the safety driver in
Austin. Now you're expanding in Dallas
and Houston. You know, what are the key
safety metrics you're tracking and and
so on? What gives you confidence that
Robboi is safe enough to expand?" And so
on. and he's looking for some metrics
and Ashok says uh we track basically all
the metrics you mentioned doesn't share
any with us um we have a pretty large QA
fleet spread across all of the United
States and we've seen evidence of that
then we look at any intervention that
could happen and then uh sort of
simulate both in practice and also in
our simulators that are very very good
nowadays using neural networks as to
what would have happened and then based
on all these analysis we make the call
to expand
And so my guess is because they haven't
expanded a whole lot that they're still
working through lots of issues.
&gt;&gt; But and then Elon came in and said,
"Here's what the issues though are.
They're not safety issues."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think this is important. I
highlighted this here. He says, "A lot
of what limits wider deployment of robo
taxi are actually not safety issues, but
convenience issues where the car
basically gets paranoid and gets stuck
like sometimes." and he talks about it's
programmed for maximum safety. Um, and I
experienced this recently as well. Some
some road construction, a road was
closed and so the car routed around, it
found itself back in the same place
again and continue to make the same
mistake.
&gt;&gt; It's an infinite loop.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So those kinds of things need to be
ironed out. It's not a safety issue.
It's just that I don't want to spend,
you know, six hours in the car when it
could take me 30 minutes for the
destination. So can you answer the
question then that people are asking
which is okay so if this is the issue
infinite loop and all these kind of cons
these three things he just said here
right these three concerns is that
something that you have to wait for
version 15 for or is it a version 14.3
&gt;&gt; my answer
&gt;&gt; version 14.3 yeah
&gt;&gt; yes because a couple things unless I'm
really wrong on this but if I just kick
it forward remember when they launched
14.3.1 they said that reasoning is
available now, but it's only applied to
the end destination parking.
&gt;&gt; Uh, which means implies that they're
going to add reasoning to more things as
you move forward. This is the kind of
stuff, let's say, railroads, reasoning
when it gets scared to cross a railroad,
they should add reasoning to that to
figure out what to do there. Or
reasoning when it's stuck for so long,
like a red light. Do I stay here or I
don't stay here? Those kind of things is
reasoning. And I think those are point
releases to the 14.3.1 series, not
something you have to wait for 14 for
15. And
&gt;&gt; that would be my understanding.
Obviously 15 is going to make everything
better at some point, but but yes, the
14.3 uh series. And Elon goes on, I
mean, he takes quite a bit of time
actually here to talk about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um he says the single biggest thing is
the car is being scared to move or just
getting kind of stuck in situations like
that. We've also had literal infinite
loops, right? and I've experienced this
personally. Um not in the robo taxi but
my own my own cyber truck. Um you know
and then he says uh those actually the
very last sentence those actually those
are by far the issues that we have had
to resolve as opposed to direct safety
issues.
So this is a good spot to be in I think
for Tesla
&gt;&gt; and the question is how quickly can they
resolve these issues. So if if you think
uh interpreting these exact statements
that they said that it is about uh 14.3
can resolve some of these um operational
issues not safety issues then why aren't
they going wide
&gt;&gt; again depends on your definition of
scale
&gt;&gt; when you cuz that's I think we're going
to go to that next statement right he
was talking about 14.3 but that's uh
&gt;&gt; like when he says wider deployment this
is why we haven't done wider deployment.
Well, what is wider deployment? I think
I think he's ref this is his answer to
why why did you only launch in Houston
and and um Dallas with one car each? Why
haven't you launched in half in seven
cities already? Why haven't you done 100
cars in each city?
&gt;&gt; This is why
&gt;&gt; I think so. I I think it's also
encouraging by the fact that the cars in
Dallas and Houston are unsupervised
&gt;&gt; because it's not safety.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's not safety, right? But
unsupervised. That's great. And then I
think I'm further encouraged by the fact
that cyber cab production has started.
&gt;&gt; It does not make any sense to start
production if you're not going to put
those cars in the robo taxi fleet.
&gt;&gt; May maybe you wait a week or so or
whatever time period. Yeah, you can have
a few build up, but it doesn't make
sense to fill up every parking spot at
Giga Texas.
So far, all those cyber cabs that have
been produced, they're they've been
moved off. They were engineering
prototype vehicles. They're they're now
in the QA fleet in cities all around the
country. Uh including a lot of rural
areas that are being spotted. Um that's
a good sign. But now we've got started
production of these new shiny golden
cyber caps. And I'm pretty sure that Joe
Techmire's drone videos as he does them
will show that those vehicles are being
moved off a lot as well. And they should
start showing up fairly soon. I think at
least this is my expectation. Could be
wrong. Will start showing up in these in
these cities whether it's San Francisco,
whether it's Dallas, Houston. Well, I
guess it can't be San Francisco yet, but
it would be in Austin, Dallas, and
Houston for now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If if they had steering wheels,
those could be the QA fleet. But if they
don't have steering wheels, and there
was like 14 of them that was seen
recently, I don't know. Maybe they're
more likely to go right into an
expansion.
&gt;&gt; They have to. There's no other place for
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. We'll see what happens to those
14.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we'll learn here in the
next week or so. Okay. So, on FSD
itself, um Elon says for full
self-driving and robo taxi. A lot of
people missed this.
&gt;&gt; Yes, full self-driving and robot taxi
version 14.3 was a major architectural
update. We have had a whole pipeline of
major improvements to full self-driving
that we believe will lead to
unsupervised full self-driving being
available anywhere in the world that it
is legal to do so. Okay, so that was all
about 14.3. Okay, that was
&gt;&gt; and then later he says somewhere that
the uh unsupervised full self-driving
should come by the end of this year as
well in certain regions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we'll get there in a
second. Okay, so now he's shifting
though and to version 15. He says then
there's a version 15 hopefully later
this year. Okay, he's hedging a bit.
Hopefully by the end of this year, he
says, but certainly by early next year,
that'll be a complete overhaul of the
software architecture and it'll run on
AI4. Okay, so it'll run on AI4. A lot of
people have said, well, version 15, do
we have to wait now for AI5? No, he's
saying it's going to run on AI4. Now, of
course, things can change,
&gt;&gt; but right now, this is what he's saying
at this point in time.
Um, and he says at that point, we're
really just increasing the safety level
of FSD above human safety level. Well, I
think it's already there, but he's He
seems to make this statement that they
don't quantify that it's twice as safe
as a human or something. It's just
always above human level.
Um and he says meaning I think even with
version 14 we are significantly safer
than human
but with V it says V13 I think is meant
to be V15.
&gt;&gt; V15 will take that to another level.
&gt;&gt; What's your interpretation of all that?
&gt;&gt; First of all this is the part that I
really liked. I absolutely love this
part. Version 14.3 series is enough to
take us to unsupervised.
We don't have to wait for 15.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And and then number and and 15 can take
can run on AI4.
&gt;&gt; So those were the two big like that's
like pretty good news,
&gt;&gt; okay, that the 143 series can take us
there. And then of course combine that
with it's not the safety issue, it's
these operational issues which may leads
me to believe that by the end of this
year you could have a roll out of robo
taxi and they're they did say 12 states.
The problem that people have is they're
now assuming it's going to be five cars
per state
and that's the debate is okay well what
does scale mean?
&gt;&gt; Well again it ties back into robo into
cybercap production. That's what I'm
saying. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If that's to me the leading indicator
for how many vehicles are going to be
put in robo taxi because they all are
going to be put in robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And
&gt;&gt; that's why right now I'm at 10 or
15,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but so then then it becomes are you
not disappointed? And I go well that was
what my number was 6 months ago.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; I was already disappointed six months
ago three in December when they did not
hit their 50%. I was already
disappointed when we did not see
doubling.
But on this yesterday's call, it was
like actually this thing you just said
143 solves this problem. We're going to
be okay with this. We can we can scale
this.
&gt;&gt; Just on the on the topic of
disappointment again, I'm just reminded
of this. Uh I'll share a quick personal
story. My youngest son uh didn't speak
until he was five. Was I disappointed
when he wasn't speaking earlier? Sure.
Am I disappointed now that he's 10 and
won't shut up?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So, we like to think kind of in linear
terms and have these expectations, but
at the end of the day, he's in the same
place.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Same thing can be true with Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Just because they have a couple of
vehicles in Dallas and Houston, you say,
"Okay, that's not really that's just a,
you know, a prototype, you know, fleet.
It's not it's not a service in those
cities. It's two vehicles. Come on."
like you didn't roll out in those
cities. You just put two vehicles in and
you're calling it a roll out. I get that
criticism, but that could change very
quickly and it will at some point. We
just don't know when. And so any
expectations you have around that are
likely not going to be met. But are they
making progress on these things are the
reasons that they're giving us as to why
they're not rolling out faster? Does
that make sense? Well, yes. I think
we're seeing it in our own personal
cars, parking and and and different
things. There's there's issues with some
of these things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so they have to fix it because
you want that experience to be good for
people before you start rolling out
thousands and thousands of vehicles.
&gt;&gt; I want to make another point that you
just triggered which makes a lot of
sense. Um one is you know when they said
we're not going to show you the Optimus
version 3 reveal as we've been promising
for months that was going to do it by
April. Kept delaying it. Delaying it and
now it's August. But is that a
disappointment? Well, he said that we're
going to show it to you as close as
possible to production
&gt;&gt; production.
&gt;&gt; So production was not delayed. I mean,
you know, uh it's all definite, but it's
like it's not like this thing that
happened. Oh my god, Optimus is even
delayed even more again. It's more like
we're not going to show you the product.
And in the same way, remember when
initially we thought, oh, how come you
haven't shown me more robo taxis? That
means that when they do launch it to
another city, we're gonna have to wait
three months with uh actual drivers in a
seat and then drivers in the side seat
and then remove them because Elon
himself said they were going to have
that. But then when they launched it,
they didn't have that anymore. So it's
like this thing where even if I don't
show you that that one, it's not 50 cars
yet today, which we all thought by now
50 cars and by thought we thought we'd
have seven cities by now. It doesn't
mean that on the ninth month they then
can easily throw. It's like they don't
have to go through the the the path that
you thought they were going to go
through. One first, 10 first, 20 first
because once they solve these
operational issues and they're feeling
very comfortable with the safety
concern,
&gt;&gt; they could throw 50 cars, boom, they're
all ready to go. It might happen just
like they did where they just have a
an unsupervised car immed uh
immediately.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean again as they as they took
great pains on the call to talk about if
you if you have an infinite loop
situation occasionally then scaling that
only makes it a bigger problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So let's resolve that now. We've got a
small fleet. You you keep those vehicles
going. You watch them very carefully.
Solve these known issues. Make the
customer experience that much better.
And then as you have fewer and fewer of
those issues, you get more comfortable
at scaling. Again, I believe that the
that the start of production of cyber
cab is the first sign that they're
seeing that they're getting on the tail
end of some of these issues because it
does not make sense to start producing
those vehicles on mass if you can't
deploy them at least within a reasonable
period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; You wouldn't want to park them for six
months before you start using them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe a couple months, but
certainly not more than that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let's go.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um so just on the right side there
then uh this is one of the things I was
most encouraged about and this is really
interesting. Uh by Bob says on the FSD
adoption front we continue to see
improvement reaching nearly 1.3 million
paid customers globally. The bulk of the
growth came from subscriptions which is
interesting because we had this last
chance in the US to purchase FSD. And
he's saying well upfront purchases only
increased 7% as we move removed the
purchased option in some markets in Q1.
Now, there's some debate about what
increase 7% means. Um, but any anyhow, I
think he's saying that that the growth
came from subscriptions mainly that the
the last chance to buy it wasn't
necessarily the biggest needle mover
here, but there's some it's not totally
clear. Um,
and he's talking about then receiving
approvals for FSD in the Netherlands.
Uh, sets us up well for EUwide approval
later in Q2. Um, but he says we're gated
just by how the regulators go about it.
And so that's his expectation, but that
may take longer.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And then he says, "Additionally, we've
also received approvals in China. The
broader approval is still not there, but
we're working with the regulators in the
country, and we're hoping to that we can
get approval by Q3." So to me, I read
that as by July 1st. Now, you could read
that and say, well, it's sometime in Q3,
I suppose.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, summer maybe. Um and then he
says and this is really important with
these approvals coming through we expect
a broader adoption of the software in
the existing fleet and incremental
demand for our vehicles. With this in
mind we've evolved our vehicle sales
strategy where we now emphasize FSD as
the product and the vehicle is only the
delivery mechanism i.e. FSD now is a
demand driver for Tesla's vehicles
&gt;&gt; and not just a demand driver but it's
actually so good now that it is actually
the product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
It's what you're saying.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you're promising that now,
&gt;&gt; like, yeah, if this doesn't work, you're
going to get sued to hell because the
product doesn't work. As opposed to
here's a car that happens to have all
these different features, one feature
you might want to turn on is this thing
called,
&gt;&gt; you know, full self-driving. No, it's
now this what you're buying is
self-driving
&gt;&gt; and and there's some features called a
car. You want to hear stereos, those
kind of things. That's, you know,
&gt;&gt; that's that's how they're positioning it
now. And the good news is that Tesla
makes beautiful cars. So that's that's
fine. But um it's not just a you know a
lot of that they're giving as a as the
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Um so here's some of my my charts on
this. So this is based on data that
Tesla has shared. The dark blue lines
are the actual data that they've shared.
The light blue is me filling in some of
the gaps on some of the quarters
&gt;&gt; uh just in a linear way because we don't
know you know where they are. But just
to give a reasonable picture and you can
see an acceleration here
really beginning in Q4 of 2024
and this is when I think they started uh
giving out sort of free test
u free subscription period right I think
in that time frame if I'm not mistaken.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh and you can see last quarter uh
visibly the uptick uh it's 180,000 more
uh subscriptions and I'm calling
subscriptions here the combination of
purchases and subscriptions. We don't
know exactly what the breakdown is. I've
seen some estimates of the numbers but I
haven't seen a source for it yet. Um
so then when we look at the the take
rate on the next page um fleetwide if we
look at the total active SF FSD
subscriptions it's 1.28 million over the
total number of vehicles ever delivered
by Tesla which is about 9.2 million at
this point the end of Q1 it's about 14%.
Now this is understating it because
there are you know older vehicles that
don't that aren't even existence
anymore. So the cumulative take rate
probably is closer to 15% maybe even
higher.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And you can see that in the early days
that was uh you know higher and it it
came down and it's really started to
pick up again. This is a really good
sign.
&gt;&gt; Why why was it higher? Just because
there was less cars
&gt;&gt; perhaps and and the people that you know
were buying vehicles back then were were
you know the true Tesla believers. They
they believed in FSD. They wanted FSD in
their cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and then over time it's become
much more of a mass market car. And
maybe fewer of those people really even
aware of FSD. They were just buying a
Tesla because it's a great car.
&gt;&gt; And now people, I think, are starting to
become aware again of of FSD and how
great it is.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
This is really interesting. This is
looking at the incremental FSD take
rates. So this quarter of the vehicles
that were delivered, the 358,000 if I
recall, what percentage of those
subscribed or purchased FSD? It was over
50%.
Now this doesn't mean that precisely
that 50% of those vehicles or those
buyers got FSD because we're also
looking at, you know, there might have
been somebody who bought a car a year
ago and is now subscribed to FSD.
So, just be clear on what this means.
It's just looking at the quarterly
incremental and you can see a massive
uptick, but again, it's it's people that
might have already owned a Tesla for a
while. This is astoundingly good news.
&gt;&gt; And as they say now, this is a demand
driver for them in a massive way. Now, I
expect that this was spiked up a little
bit by that that one time the last
chance to buy FSD. So the Q2 number I
think will be interesting because
that'll be normalized with that out. Um
but I would expect that it would be
above the previous high of 26%.
Um this is this is really fantastic.
FSD's become the product.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. 50% of all cars that were
sold in Q1 has FSE. Now, like you said,
it could have been a transfer all that,
but uh still that's at some point it's
going to be 100% or let's call it 90%.
&gt;&gt; And it's going to be fun to track this
over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, the other piece of fantastic
news and again I wish Tesla would
actually highlight this instead of
making us do these calculations.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um they give us this chart which you
have to figure out a quarter in, you
know, where the numbers are and so on.
Um, and then you can calculate the
number of miles per subscriber per day.
&gt;&gt; So in Q1 of 2025, a year ago, the
average FSD subscriber was driving about
11 miles a day. Okay. Where is that now?
A year later, it's over 18. Almost
almost 19 miles a day.
&gt;&gt; 18. Almost double.
&gt;&gt; It's almost doubled.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, the average American, as I
understand it, drives about 30 uh maybe
25 to 30 miles a day. something like
that. But of course with averages, you
know that, you know, that blends some
people that drive, you know, 100 miles a
day and other people drive almost none.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; In my case, I don't drive my car every
day. I don't need to. Uh, you know, I
might just drive on weekends. And so,
you know, you get some weird weird
things with the numbers. But either way,
this is an unmitigated positive for
Tesla. Not only are they getting more
FSD subscribers, but the usage of FSD is
accelerating rapidly. And we're hearing
a lot of anecdotal evidence uh on X.
People are sending us their screens and
showing what percent of their miles are
in FSD. And many people are above 80 90
in some people close to 100%. This is a
great sign that FSD now more and more
people are relying on it. They're using
it for more and more of their miles. In
some cases almost 100%.
This is a fantastic signal that in the
coming quarters FSD is going to help
drive results for Tesla.
Yeah, I think there's two points to make
here. One is that people are using FSD,
which is a good point and increasing
usage because the FSD is getting better.
But the second point is that people will
actually start using it almost all the
time as opposed to just here or there.
It's not just a feature. It actually is
a solution like a like it is it is what
the car is. It drives me all everywhere
all the time. You know what I mean? like
some some things you you use you'll use
it occasionally and you'll still still
find value in it that it appears that
the FSE is turning into as you see these
numbers skyrocket it's going to be
turned on more and more by almost all
more time than just for certain periods
of time like I'll only turn it on if I'm
going to some you know to to go to a
highway and go far or I'll only turn it
on if if I'm going to a restaurant
that's in my neighborhood. It's not the
case. They're turning it on no matter
what all the time. That seems to be the
the trend and that's where it's going to
go. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's meets with my own
personal use and my wife's personal use.
We use it absolutely all the time.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; but a lot of people have reached out on
X and said said exactly the same thing.
&gt;&gt; If you use it, you'll end up using it
more and more and more, not just for
certain times, but then how there's I
have my daughter and my wife who won't
turn it on yet.
So, I'm studying this. I'm looking at
them going, "What is it about them that
they won't turn it on?" And it's fear of
the unknown.
&gt;&gt; And despite they despite the fact that
they've seen me use it all the time,
every day, they know it works. They know
how how what I do, but they won't do it
yet. So, that behavioral change is still
something that I'm trying to understand
the logic of why somebody won't do it
yet. But it it certainly exists, right?
because yeah, it's right there in front
of me.
&gt;&gt; And and by the way, at the point that
Tesla decides that this can become
unsupervised, you're going to see those
usage numbers skyrocket.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, that's that's the thing
for sure.
&gt;&gt; Now, this is kind of interesting. This
is kind of a little aside, but you know,
I'm comparing uh FSD subscription
revenue as though all of the 1.28
million
&gt;&gt; is at $99 a month. Now, we know a lot of
them are pre- purchased, and we know
that when Tesla sells a purchased um
receives money from a purchase purchased
FSD, they might book a good chunk of
that revenue that quarter, but some of
it is deferred and it's recognized over
time. But just just to level set things,
if if all of the FSD subscribers, the
1.28 million currently, pay $99 a month,
this is a $380 million run rate
business. And by the way, that's exactly
the amount of regulatory credit revenue
they took in last quarter. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, Wall Street likes to ignore the
ignore the blue bars, but they can't
ignore the growing subscription
reoccurring revenue business that is
FSD. And I think just this quarter, it
happens to be the same as where the red
red credit market was. And
&gt;&gt; this is just FSD in the US and certain
smaller markets, not yet in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not yet in uh you know, globally in
China or in Europe. So again, I'm not
suggesting that Tesla's actually booking
380 million a quarter. I'm just using
this as a proxy for kind of the growth
of FSD and what that revenue would look
like if everything was on a $99 a month
subscription.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, okay, FSD adoption.
Um, Pierre Farra sort of asks this
question of of the 180,000 new FSD
users, he says, I compare that to your
installed base. He says it might be 15%.
I I had calculated 13.9 but so 15%. And
then he says if I shrink that to the US
or North America where most of them are
it's probably more like 30 to 35%. And
he says I'm trying to compare that to uh
the 100,000 cars in North America sold
in the quarter. He says so you're
winning twice as more FSD users than
you're selling cars. Then if I add to
that picture the fact that I guess that
mostly hardware 4 owners who subscribe
to FSD, it sounds like most drivers in
North America who have hardware 4 would
already be using FSD. And he says, "Is
that the right way to think about this?"
And Vib says, "You're thinking about the
right way." So this is actually pretty
encouraging. Um if all hardware for
vehicles in North America pretty much
have FSD, that that's awesome.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um, again, he doesn't really break it
down. He just sort of glosses over the
question. Um, but then then he says, you
know, he goes on and he talks about
seeing the churn of subscribers coming
down. So, they don't report that. We
don't know what the churn is, the people
that tried and then cancel. Um, I'm sure
that happens with some when we don't
know what the rate is.
Um, and he says, uh, we're seeing
customers driving longer. Um, which is
good. if the more you drive, the less
likely you would be to to to cancel your
subscription because you're finding it
more useful. And then he goes on with
his own personal behavior, and I I can
say it's exactly the same thing for me.
I'm using it for literally everything.
Um, so I thought that was an interesting
exchange. I I wish that they would have
been perhaps a little bit more clear uh
in answering Pierre's question, but I
think they gave us enough there that
he's saying that Pierre is thinking
about it in the right way and that a
good portion of the hardware for owners
uh have FSD subscribed now.
&gt;&gt; Sir, what do you say to the people who
are saying look 99 bucks a month is not
cheap. Not everybody can afford that and
it's not like extra money that everybody
has.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's true. How much do you pay for
insurance a month and what's your life
worth?
Um, I believe that FSD has probably
saved uh, if not saved my life, it
certainly helped me avoid an accident or
two. So, what would the cost of that be?
Uh, in my wife's case, I believe it
saved her life and perhaps my kids who
were also in the car at the time,
&gt;&gt; right, that happened.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, the question is again,
what's that worth? So, yeah, 99 bucks a
month for some people is is a lot of
money. Uh, at the end of the day, it's a
it's a value judgment in terms of what's
that worth to you in either a potential
accident or even saving your life.
&gt;&gt; I know, but you know, I think it's just
fair to say that yeah, not everybody,
even if they want to and they know all
that can can afford to do it.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's three bucks a day.
&gt;&gt; It's a hundred bucks a month. That's
significant.
&gt;&gt; But $3 a day. Like, are you spending $3
a day on on stuff that maybe you don't
need to? Like, what does a cup of coffee
at Starbucks cost?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And people say, "Well, I don't
want
&gt;&gt; clearly people are realizing this and
they're buying it more and more and if
you can afford a $35,000 car, then you
know, but I'm just making the point that
this is an extra payment that they
didn't have to pay."
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; However, if insurance goes down, that's
the key thing and that is starting to
happen
&gt;&gt; depending on insurance.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And I believe uh Tesla now or will be
soon be taking into account that every
mile driven on FSD basically has a
safety score of 100.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so that should help decrease
insurance costs. Yeah. Okay. Now, on the
topic of FSD 14 versus 15, uh, so Travis
here, um, I think this is maybe a
say.com question. Um, version 14.3 is
still the last piece of the puzzle to
enable large scale unsupervised FSD or
robo taxi or do we have to wait until
version 15? And Elon says, I think
version 14.3 is the last piece of the
puzzle for unsupervised FSD. That's
exactly the point.
&gt;&gt; It's a strong statement, but he does say
I think. He doesn't say it is.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I think um and he says now the question
is the degree of safety like like safety
and convenience. I suppose we have a lot
of known improvements like major
architectural improvements that we would
know that we know would improve the
probability of safety significantly. So
he says I think it's not going to make
sense for us to deploy unsupervised FSD
robot taxi large scale when we know that
there are major architectural
improvements to the software that can
improve safety. So they have this list
they're working through it and once they
do then I think they may be ready to
deploy it at wider scale. The question
is when okay and he says we're going to
want to finish writing that software
validate it and release it before going
large scale unsupervised FSD. Again, no
time frame here depending on what large
scale means. And this caused some people
some problem. It's like, well, you tell
us, Elon, tell us what that means,
please. He doesn't. Um, and then he
says, I mean, we are, of course, I
mentioned earlier doing unsupervised FSD
in three cities. And he says, we'll
expand to, like I said, probably a dozen
states or more later this year. So, it
kind of depends on what your definition
of large scale is. Well, please tell us,
Elon, but he says, "I do think it
wouldn't be right for us to go to the
very large scale unsupervised FSD when
we know that there are software
improvements in the pipeline that would
improve safety." That is the hang-up
right now.
And and of course later, I think he he
talked about not just safety, but it's
also the the customer experience or the
infinite loop issues and that kind of
stuff that aren't really safety related.
Um, and then a shock says, um, I'd like
to note the version of robo taxi that's
running in Austin, Dallas, and Houston,
etc. Those are essentially 13 14.3
variants,
and it's obviously safe.
That's why we were able to launch in
those cities
and we continue to expand based on the
version 14.3 base for a while until
version 15 lands. 15 is going to be a
major upgrade.
So this is, you know,
they're giving us some good information,
but then they always mention version 15,
how it's going to be the next best
thing. And of course, eventually
there'll be a version 16 that's even
better. So that that causes a lot of
frustration, I think, for people. And
they try to read between the lines and
say, well, we're not going to get, you
know, an expansion of robo taxi until
version 15.
I don't believe that's the case as I
read that. But how do you interpret
this, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; This is the most important deck uh the
part here. uh other than the other parts
I said was most important. Okay. So this
is the the the the issue of the delay or
not delay. So this is 14.3 is the last
piece of the puzzle and 14.3 is being
used now. So it's obviously safe. But in
order for us to go large scale, what
does that mean? And we're clearly going
to do 12 states. But to go very large
scale, unsupervised, that's when we want
to have probably the 15, which won't
happen until the end of this year and
up.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; what does that mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Does that mean,
&gt;&gt; right, that's what I'm saying. Is it Are
we talking 10 cars per city,
&gt;&gt; uh, 12 cities only because they're not
going to go beyond the 12 cities and
then 15 comes and then we're going to go
millions? or does this mean we're going
to have 10 to 20 30,000 cars in those
tall cities and then we go s real large
scale to Elon is million
you know the way I think of him when I
when I hear what he's saying somebody
goes is 14.3 the last piece of the
puzzle yeah it's the last piece of
puzzle but he go to truly go like
anywhere in the world global anybody
just go to sleep and have not only robo
taxi but actually you have your car and
drive you anywhere that's happening
I don't think that we're going to do
that until we have 15 global like
millions of cars, every car.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's go to the next slide.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; on the topic of unsupervised FSD, uh,
when do you expect FSD unsupervised to
reach customer cars?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm guessing probably in the fourth
quarter.
&gt;&gt; So, but then he then he walks it back
and saying, well, we're going to do it
like you know, basically I it's what
I've been saying, right, which is
Austin. Okay. Okay. Once you've got robo
taxi in a certain geography in Austin,
&gt;&gt; they're going to say to you, sir, you
live there. They're going to say to you,
hey, when you go into this geography,
you can sleep.
&gt;&gt; Why would they say that? Because that's
exactly what you are doing now. If you
hail a robot taxi in the same geography.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But only you. I I can't do it. I won't
be able to do it anywhere else except
for that geography.
&gt;&gt; And that's what he says at the last
sentence. So, I think we would release
unsupervised gradually to the customer
fleet as we feel like a particular
geography is confirmed to be safe. So
that's what I'm saying. But you don't
need to wait for 15
&gt;&gt; for FSE unsupervised. He said that
several times.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And that's where it's like, okay, well
then that means what is your definition
of scale? Like what are we talking about
here? 10,000 cars. Uh is that are we
talking hundreds of cars or are we
talking, you know, 10,000 cars or we
talking millions of cars?
&gt;&gt; Depends on your definition of scale. I
think we need to get some t-shirts made
up with that on there. Yeah. And that's
the frustrating part. I think that's if
I had frustration with anything that
Elon said on this call, I wish he would
have at least quantified that for us to
some
&gt;&gt; even if it was a magnitude which is he
loves to do. You don't have to give us a
number. He said 1,000, 10,000, 100,000
or million. What are you talking about?
&gt;&gt; Because he has something in his mind. I
just wish he would have shared that. No,
I think again he's taken the feedback
from previous times where he's said
numbers and people have probably given
him the feedback and says, "Elon, please
stop doing that." And so here's what
what we have now. I mean, they did say
12 or worse.
&gt;&gt; And when you see when you hear 12
states, are you hearing 12 cities? I'm
not. I'm hearing probably 15 at the
minimum 20 probably.
&gt;&gt; Well, if you're California already has
three in all the major metro areas. I
mean, there's already have three, maybe
four. You got Florida, it's going to
have three. So, 12 states does not mean
12 cities to me,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then if you have a city, what are
you thinking? 50 100 most likely just
just just carrying it forward in my mind
it would be at least 300
&gt;&gt; oh I think 500 plus
&gt;&gt; and that's not scale right so 500 plus
times 20 cities
which is 10,000 cars
and I think that that's reasonable if
you think you can get to unsupervised by
the end of this year with the 14 series
and what he's talking about is true
global uh every car unsupervised and
going to global like millions of cars.
So that's where I'm at. I'm I'm like
thinking 10 to 15,000 cars is going to
be unsupervised by this year and that's
why I'm going. I wasn't disappointed
because that was my number before the
call.
I got a lot of heat for that.
Now, let's talk about the longlost
hardware 3 cars. And they address this
on the call. There's quite a bit of
information here. You know, when will
hardware 3 reach unsupervised FSD? And
finally, um, they tell us that
unfortunately, I wish it were otherwise,
but hardware 3 simply does not have the
capability to achieve unsupervised FSD.
So, there was some hope, I think, on a
conference call or quarterly call one or
two quarters ago about this. Um, but I
think they've reached the conclusion
it's not going to be possible. So now he
goes on to say, well, we're going to
offer essentially a tradein, like a
discounted trade, this last paragraph
there, for cars that have AI4 hardware.
Um, is that right? AI4 or AI3?
&gt;&gt; AI4. No, you can trade in your cars so
that your car, the new car will have
AI4.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, and then we're offering the
ability to upgrade the car to replace
the computer. So you you also need to
replace the cameras. unfortunately
hardware for okay and he says to do this
efficiently we're going to have to set
up a kind of like microactories or small
factories in major metropolitan areas in
order to do it efficiently uh because if
it's done at the service center it's
extremely slow and it's inefficient
&gt;&gt; okay now my my point with this is why
not centralize it why not bring it back
to some central location instead of
building these microactories whatever
that that means
&gt;&gt; um
&gt;&gt; well the co maybe the cost of
transportation to take it from Chicago
to Austin is going to cost you $3,000
for transportation, you might as well
just
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe. I guess they've done the
math on this in terms of what it would
be to set up these micro batteries. Um,
you know, when he says factory, I think
of something with a whole bunch of
robots in it, maybe it doesn't need to
be that complex.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, and he does say, uh, for what it's
worth, in the meantime, we're going to
also release a version 14 for hardware
3.
Uh it's a distilled version of the same
ver version 14 software that released
for hardware 4 and people should be able
to drive from park state and basically
have all the features a v14 for hardware
4 has
&gt;&gt; just not unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So for me this is the best of all worlds
honestly. So I don't know I I own a
hardware 3 car. I have one car of my
cars is hardware 3 and I prefer this. If
they came up to me says, "Your hardware
3 car can get unsupervised as is." Uh, I
prefer you're going to give me the
chance to actually upgrade the computer,
upgrade the cameras,
uh, or buy a new car and get discounted.
So, let let's ignore the buying new car
part. Just fix my car, upgrade it. I
prefer that than they, you know, and I
have version 14 point V14 light in my
hardware 3 and then I can upgrade the
things for free. So anyways, for me it's
like that's better. I'd rather give me
upgrade because when they do the
upgrade, I don't think they're going to
they're going to give you the best that
they have at that time. It's most
likely.
&gt;&gt; The other thing that's interesting is a
lot of people now have tried to run the
numbers on okay, what's the liability
for Tesla in doing this in terms of the
cost. And one of the things I think to
consider is how many hardware 3 cars
remain out there with purchase FSD that
haven't yet been transferred.
&gt;&gt; What's your guess? Million.
&gt;&gt; Uh I I don't know. Um
there's some estimates that it might be
half a million. I don't know that it's
that high. I I would be surprised if
it's that high.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um but either way, if you think
about it, you know, let's say it cost
Tesla what5 or $7,000 to retrofit these
vehicles.
How much are they going to make by
putting them in the robo taxi network?
&gt;&gt; Some some portion of them people will
put into robo taxi, especially if you
can make money. You've already
calculated this. I'm happy. The reason I
bought a Model 3, so I bought a Model 3
a long time ago, whatever. And I I've
kept upgrading it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; To the Harbor 4. Then I took my Harbor 3
and I gave it to my daughter kind of
thing, you know, like that. just like
um anyways is that I had promised her
that this will be able to be added to
the fleet and you will make money out of
this
and this is happening now I'm they said
this summer and I'll say next year it'll
happen next year but it's like okay so
as you know some people don't have the
luxury of time because they've already
waited five years so they're pissed I
get that but
&gt;&gt; the the other thing I think it's kind of
interesting is they can create some
incentives they and say, "Okay, we will,
you know, fully cover the expense if you
agree to put it in the roboexi network
for a certain number of hours a month."
&gt;&gt; Well, I guess they haven't told us the
deal, but I was assuming it was going to
be free. But, okay, if I'm going to be
charged to upgrade the cameras and all
that, I'd be pissed. Well, the other way
they could do it is say, "Okay, we're
going to do this for you." Uh, either on
the condition of that or they're going
to say, "Okay, if you put it in the
rootex network, we're going to reduce
our take rate,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; from 35% down to 20."
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see.
&gt;&gt; That's probably the easiest way, isn't
it? So, I have to pay for it up front,
but then
&gt;&gt; No, not not even that. Tesla might pay
for it, but this is one way to ensure
that they get a way to earn the money
back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because if if they if
they pay for it and you just keep the
vehicle and you drive it around
personally and you're just using it
yourself, right?
&gt;&gt; Then that that upgrade cost as money out
the door. But if it goes in the robo
taxi fleet and they incentivize you to
do so, then they make that money back
and more
&gt;&gt; and more. That's why he's doing this.
&gt;&gt; I think Tesla could approach this so
that it's not just this massive cost
that some people are calculating it to
be.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It's going to be a money maker.
That's the whole reason Tesla's doing
this. be a money maker for them once
they're in. You have to encourage people
to put in RO taxi. So, you're saying
just give them more money,
&gt;&gt; bigger takes rate, you know, you can't
you can't refuse this thing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Um and then um we're getting close
to the end here. FSD approval um you
know, and this issue of of you know,
when the rest of Europe um you know,
they don't know. He says, "We can push
as hard as we can, but it's ultimately
up to the governments in Europe and the
EU to decide what to do. Um, we expect
to be approved in a lot of other
countries."
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And he says, you know, supervised FSD
goes to Brussels for EU review in May.
Um, so, you know, that's not that's not
in their hands. Um, and then he's
saying, "We're aiming for unsupervised
self-driving robo taxi in Europe." and
he says, "I actually don't know what the
time frame for that is and it'll be
somewhat at the mercy of regulators."
So, they've kind of punted on that for
now.
Um, and then a shark just chimes in and
says that the architecture they've
deployed in the Netherlands and Europe
is the same exact architecture, uh,
except they have more European data to
train it on.
Um,
so I I don't anything that we didn't
know, but that's that's great.
&gt;&gt; I think he was referring to the Robbo
strategy. That's too early, right? Yeah.
jumping the gun on robo taxi. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; They would like to run a robo taxi
service in Europe, but you know, they're
just getting supervised FSD approved, so
it's a little bit too early to think
about that.
&gt;&gt; And they have plenty here in the US to
keep them busy. Um, finally, Herbert,
this is kind of this this uh events,
milestones, and catalyst chart that we
put together. Uh, just kind of updated.
Uh, I think the last time that we did
this, we we might have had um, you know,
a couple check marks on here. Um,
but we've got uh a few things that we
can check off. The reason that I didn't
put a check in the Europe uh supervised
FSD for Europe, I've got a green box,
but not a check is only the Netherlands.
It's not all of Europe. So, it's
&gt;&gt; agreed
&gt;&gt; kind of in progress.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, but the Netherlands part was
certainly a key a key milestone.
&gt;&gt; Uh, we've since then we've got, you
know, a quote unquote roll out in Dallas
and Houston with a couple of vehicles.
Um, we've gone through the Q1 earnings
release and we've got the Cyber Ke
started production, which for me again
was a fairly significant milestone
because there's no reason to produce
those cars if you're not going to put
them in the fleet.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh, they could have just kept uh
producing the engineering prototype
vehicles, for example, if there was
further delay,
&gt;&gt; but they've they've stopped doing that.
&gt;&gt; So, we've got a number of other things I
think to continue to look forward to in
in Q2. uh potentially roll out in other
cities, although perhaps that's been
pushed back a little bit until they can
work out some of the issues that they're
trying to resolve on 14.3.
Um I think in the previous disclosure
that they had the the first half of 2026
for those other cities. Um, and I think
now the language changed a little bit to
um, you know, preparing.
Um, so the time frame might have got
pushed back a little bit there
&gt;&gt; or it could have been pushed forward.
&gt;&gt; Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Because they're saying that they're
already preparing for it as opposed to,
&gt;&gt; you know. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, the 10 billion FSD miles,
we're on the cusp of that. I now
calculate that it'll be on May 6th, if
not earlier.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that's just around the corner, a
couple weeks from now. Uh again, that's
just kind of a milestone is that's not
really anything necessarily that that
critical. It's not like the EU or
China's looking at that number and say,
"Oh, okay. You're at 10 billion. Good.
We're good now." It's just kind of a
milestone. Um they're they're, you know,
that's going to be at some point, you
know, uh 10 10 billion a month will be
the number that we're looking at. Um
Cortex 2, I think ramping up that and
having that at 50% capacity is a is an
important milestone as well.
uh particularly as it relates to the
development of Optimus.
Um and of course now we're actually
seeing the ground uh being moved uh in
in Texas here for the Optimus Factory.
Um and then of course the nextG Roadster
reveal to look forward to
um and they're starting to sunset the
SNX line and build the Optimus
production line and Elon took some time
on the earnings call to sort of set
expectations around that.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Um, but it's nice to see some things
being checked off of this list. Got some
green check marks there.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Okay. Well, first of all,
fantastic show. Appreciate the actually
rereading and relisting. I've clipped
all these things and heard him say it
again and try to, you know, you know, ch
decide what the definitions are or what
did you hear, what didn't you hear, and
so forth. Lot is misunderstood, but also
truthfully, it's we don't know. We don't
know what he meant. So, it can go any
other way. They can still be just 1,000
cars by the end of the year, a robo
taxi, or it could be 20,000 cars, or it
could be even higher, but unlikely at
this point.
&gt;&gt; I think there might be one outcome with
this that could be positive is that
because expectations now have been
completely blown up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. that everybody's sort of thrown up
their hands and said, "Okay, I don't I
don't know anymore." And now everything
that comes is just a positive because no
one's expecting anything anymore.
&gt;&gt; Well, what what did you think about
that? Because I I couldn't believe some
people were uh criticizing the earnings
call when they said, "How come Elon
didn't give me specific dates and like
last quarter you just said that you
don't want him to say dates that he
misses?" And so it's actually very good
that he said, "I do not know how many
human or robots there will be. It's
impossible to calculate. I'd rather him
say that than give me a number. So, I
don't know. How do you feel about that
where he did not give us numbers that we
were demanding just right now?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's fine because again, I
don't know that that he can really
determine what the numbers are going to
be when because there's so many
unforeseen events and things that come
up they have to deal with. So, just to
give us some numbers off the top of the
head, I think was interesting, but
people were getting frustrated with that
because
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; those expectations weren't being met. I
think the fact remains with Optimus in
particular, he's he's still saying this
is going to be the the biggest product
ever. And I think that still stands.
This the question of of the ramp and the
timing of everything,
&gt;&gt; we have no idea.
&gt;&gt; But is that such a bad thing? I I don't
think so.
&gt;&gt; No. And I think the big thing is the
factories are being built. That's that's
good news because once you get going and
the same thing with the infrastructure
is being built for robo taxi, that's
good news. Cyber capab is being built
and that's being rolled out. So all
that's all good. It's just whether or
not the roll out is as big as people
expect. Okay. Thank you for going
through this. Expectations was the
biggest debate uh for this earnings call
and rightly so. And I appreciate your
thoughts. Thanks CERN.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Bye-bye. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbert.com.