Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Elon Just Unlocked MASSIVE New Cash Flow for SpaceX AI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WolZwzEWlvs
Published:   2026-05-27 19:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-27 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today we are going to take a little bit
of a strategic strategic excursion into
the world of AI to be more specific into
the world of AGI because a lot of things
are happening and I just realized
probably 48 hours ago that something
incredibly big is happening in AGI that
impacts Tesla, that impacts SpaceX, that
impacts Anthropic and OpenAI and Google
and most importantly all of us on a
massive scale. And what that is has
something to do with a cursor deal. And
the fact that Elon made one of the most
ingenious decisions in quite a while,
which means something in Elon Land
because Elon from time to time makes
pretty smart decisions, but this one is
a banger. So, in order to start this, I
want to just share a little presentation
I'm working on. Not the whole
presentation. I just give you a little
excerpt of basically three slides to
kick this off to give you a bigger
picture of the age of AGI and why this
might be a very important moment. So you
see it right here. I you know this is
the slide where I start this and I'm
basically saying AGI is here. I said it
I remember exactly the place where I
recorded that video in beautiful
Vancouver, Washington. But I recorded
this probably in January 2025 was
definitely in January 2025 and said AGI
is actually here. The singularity has
started recursive self-improvement not
100% recursive AGI only but recursive
improvement has started and we on the
track of AG to AGI and I predicted in
2025 that this has started and will be
completed economic AGI the complete
replacement of all white collar human
work and with all I mean 95 99% because
there's always some tail end but it has
started and will be completed by 2027 in
2027 and as things stand. Back then,
most people thought I'm crazy. Now, I
would say I was probably overestimating
the amount of time it needs. I think we
will be there potentially in the next 6
months. So, in 2026, economic AGI means
that you can replace basically all
mid-level and even higher level white
collar jobs. All doctors as long as
they're not doing blue collar stuff or
like physical stuff, which doctors of
course do. the doctors are a little safe
as long as they have some patient
contact and that patient contact is
actually necessary but all the
intellectual work forget about it all
lawyers all accounts and sorry to all
the doctors I'm always starting with the
doctors because I have like a lot of
doctor relationships and you know
backgrounds with a lot of doctors so uh
I like to bash doctors a little bit even
though I have great appreciation but and
they are considered one of the highest
level white collar jobs but lawyers same
thing and then everyone below that which
is basically everyone else gone Why?
Because AGI has that capability and we
are crossing the Rubicon as we speak.
Okay, this is happening. This is very
big. Now the job replacement actually
will happen not when we cross that
Rubicon which is now in the next 3 to 6
months. Not the 99% Rubicon but the 50
60 70 80% Rubicon 50 60 70 80% of jobs
affected. It will happen once this
Rubicon of capability of AGI is then
also extended into deployment because
there's a difference between having the
capability and deploying that capability
which is an infrastructure problem. It
is a change management problem. It is
the problem of being in all Fortune 500,
all Fortune 1000 companies, all
mid-level companies uh and actually
going through the departments and
actually replacing everyone by training
the AI to do that. But in case you
thought, well, Joe, maybe you're right.
Maybe economic AGI is here end of this
year, but then it takes 10 years to
implement. No, because when you think
about the massive investments being
done, why are these trillions of dollars
being invested in AI for one simple
economic reason? Because AI is defined
and is destined and it is intended to
replace all human labor. That's the only
reason why people invest now infinite
amounts of money. And that means these
are not dummies. In fact, these are the
smartest people on the planet who have
the most money and the best technology
understanding and they are betting on it
now. And they're not just betting, they
are doing stuff. We'll get to this in a
second. So the deployment, the mass
deployment of that capability that will
be completed in my opinion latest by
December of this year, absolutely latest
and in many many areas is already being
completed by July
is then being deployed at scale and that
deployment is being prepared across all
companies with more than 100 employees
in the United States right now. Okay. If
we look at some facts here, if we look
at some important facts and we get to
cursor now look at Anthropic, look at
the massive massive scale. They are now
at $45 billion revenue run rate and they
are doubling. Let that sink in.
Currently, they're doubling the
annualized revenue run rate every six
weeks. As an example, if they continue
doing that, anthropic alone will be
larger than the Swedish GDP by end of
this year. I said 2027, but by end of
this year, just picked Swedenberg
because why not? So, they will overtake
Sweden not in enterprise value. That's
always a dumb comparison. You can't
compress uh you you can't compare market
cap with the GDP. But in terms of
actually comparable things, GDP is
revenue of a country kind of this is
revenue of the company. They will be
bigger than Sweden. One startup and
Sweden is a pretty strong country with a
pretty good GDP. That is completely nuts
and that shows you this graph how
exponential these things are now
developing. And now we are getting to
the point of this video. So we have to
understand this is exponential growth.
There's unlimited TAM because first you
replace all human labor which is a 30
to40 trillion opportunity
uh including blue collar but white
collar is actually a bigger chunk of
that opportunity and that's happening
starting this year at absolute scale and
what does anthropic and open AAI the
leaders in that space clear leaders much
better than Grock by the way they're
both completely dwarfing Grock in
capabilities and I know we have a lot of
Tesla fans among you Guys, a lot of Elon
fans. I like Elon. I think he's very
smart. As you will see in this video,
he's actually incredibly smart. But we
also have to be realistic on this
channel. This is Pioneer Lance. We are
not a Tesla fanboy channel. We are not
an Elon fanboy channel. We are a fanboy
of the pioneers, which is all of us. It
is Elon. It includes many people,
everyone who wants to engineer the
future and take steps to do that and
continuously improves themselves on the
iterative engineering uh cycle. We are
all reality engineers here. Constantly
learning, constantly understanding the
future, constantly predicting the
future, and constantly calibrating our
mental models to be constantly more
right than we were before. That is what
makes a pioneer plus a little
determination to get things done. But so
we are not just fans here. We
criticizing Elon too. And Elon clearly
built a great LLM with Grock, but as an
AI AGI, it totally sucks because they
basically have no product team, right?
There is no product team. They're bad at
product. And they were bad in building.
Now I get to a very important point
there. They were bad in building what I
call the scaffolding
other people called it the harness
around the LLM. Okay, when you look at
anthropic secret, how did anthropic
outperform OpenAI so much? And of course
Google, but Google is not even a real
player in the space. Google is
constantly falling behind. They have
problems with LLMs and they have
problems with all kinds of stuff,
productization and being just smart
because they're too large. So, it's
Entropic versus OpenAI and now versus
SpaceX AI. What was Anthropic's true
secret? And now listen very closely
because this is very very very
important. What was Anthropic secret
last year when they crashed OpenAI
suddenly out of nowhere? Don't forget a
year ago cursor was the hottest kit on
the block. Maybe 18 months ago, maybe a
year, maybe 15 months ago, Cursor was
the hottest thing. The second hottest
was OpenAI. OpenAI was the best model.
and cursor had the highest adoption
rates, right? It reached two billion in
sales faster than any business software
before it. So, cursor was hot. And then
suddenly both OpenAI and cursor got
killed. They became incredibly unhot
because Anthropic took the crown. How
did Anthropic do that? Well, no one knew
at that point. It just worked better.
You use claude, you cla
very recently, and the minds were blown.
what is h why is this thing so advanced
so smart
and then they had some leaks and I had
to think about this a lot like what is
actually happening why are they so smart
and the answer was found not in the LLM
not in the level of intelligence but in
the scaffolding it was found in the
surrounding prompt system of anthropic
where enthropic basically was able to
understand that the LLMs only are
intelligence and int Intelligence is
overrated. Surprise. Now comes my big
insight here. Intelligence is slightly
overrated. If you have a model with 150
IQ and another model with 130 IQ, or
even more important, if you have a model
with 165 IQ and another model with 145
IQ, it says nothing, or at least not
much, nearly nothing about how good that
AI is for you to deploy. You can have a
145 IQ model that easily beats 165 IQ
model on all kinds of metrics. You can
even have a 120 IQ model, Kimmy. I will
get to this in a second because that is
what Kursa is using and beating everyone
right now with Kimmy that has probably
125 IQ. I'm just approximating IQ's
here. Some lower IQ than CHPT or Claude.
So, how is this all possible? What is
the secret? The secret is the
scaffolding because here is where the
analogy with a human brain breaks. If
you have a human with 165 IQ and a human
with 145 IQ, or let's make it more
realistic, a human with 145 IQ and a
human with 120 IQ, the 145 IQ human,
assuming a similar, you know, emotional
functional structure will kind of beat
that 120 IQ guy in most cases across the
board because he's smarter. With LLMs,
it is very different because an LLM is
not a human. And here's the key. An LLM
is not one singular entity with one
singular IQ. An LLM or let's say an AI
structure that you use, your chatbot,
your agent, all that stuff that you're
using is basically a giant organization
of agents, each one with that IQ because
you can run many instances and that's
exactly what everyone is doing now for
like a year. OpenAI, Anthropic, Claude
and of course Grock. They are running
multiple of these many many many of
these things in parallel. Okay. And that
introduces another dimension. Hey, on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze, understand
and predict capital, AGI and politics.
Not just to beat the markets and make a
lot of money, even though that's
important, but also to build a new
society and make the future good for all
of us, the pioneers. If you want to help
me on this journey, you can do that by
doing a very simple thing. Like and
subscribe. It helps me a lot. Thank you
so much for your support. And let's get
back to the video. Here I explain it the
first time very clearly what the
difference is. If you have an IQ only
person, that's one thing. But here
you're dealing with a giant organization
that is self-organizing all the time and
the code the culture of organization is
the scaffolding the harness the prompts
that we cannot see when you type
something in the chatbot what is open AI
what is enthropic what is gro what is it
actually telling itself after you type
this thing in and some of that stuff
leaked from enthropic but there's a
giant complicated question what actually
is this thing now doing why is claw
design infinitely more capable
than claude code in designing your
stuff. Why? It's the same model. Claude
code is infinitely inferior to claude
design in designing stuff even though
it's the same IQ and the same model
because the scaffolding is totally
different. And why is entropic so
superior to OpenAI and to Grock? Because
the scaffolding is more uh advanced. You
can if you want an analogy or a metaphor
more analogy. It is like instead of
hiring a human, you are hiring an
organization. And if you have a
perfectly organized, highly functional,
very good culture organization and
everyone has IQ of 120, that
organization will beat the other
organization where everyone has an IQ of
145 easily. If that 145 IQ organization
with, let's say, a,000 people is badly
organized. So IQ becomes a little bit
less important. Of course, if you have
an 80 IQ organization, they can never
compete with 120 IQ organization. But
120 versus 140 doesn't matter. The
culture takes over. Much more important.
So in a way that's the key. Now to build
that what I call culture here, the
scaffolding, the prompting, the secret
sauce, what you instruct that thing to
actually do, how you organize all these
agents. That is where Enthropic wins.
That's why they're winning. And that's
why the LLM where I'm pretty sure
Enthropic doesn't have the best LLM.
Probably OpenI has a better one.
Probably Grock has a better one, the raw
LLM. But Enthropic shows how important
that is. Okay, now let's get to cursor.
What is the ingenious thing here that
Elon just did? The ingenious thing is
that cursor of all these players had by
far the worst position on IQ. Cursor had
the lowest IQ. Sorry, Cursor founding
team, the founding team has a very high
IQ, but cursor itself had no IQ. They
don't have an LLM. They were just piping
this whole thing, frameworking,
scaffolding. But they showed recently
that even using Kimmy, which is a low IQ
model, they can nearly beat or
approximate the other guys. Like look at
this thing. Look at just this thing. Um,
so here Composer 2.5, which by the way
now is using rock. Now they're mixing it
up because they just had this deal with
Elon. I will get to this in a second,
but they are basically beating OPUS and
CHBT,
which is crazy. Which is crazy. They're
even approximating now the max and extra
high chbpt and ous 4.7 which is
absolutely nuts. So what is happening
here? What is happening is that cursor
is the one company in the world when you
understand the secret sauce you need an
LLM with higher IQ and then you need the
framework around it and these two make
together the power. cursor had by
definition the best the world's best
framework because if they can use a
lower IQ model to actually get to better
or the same results as the higher IQ
models it by definition means their
framework is much more advanced. Elon
saw that and Elon also understood that
with Grock they might have a very good
LLM but a sucky little harness and you
can't build that harness if you don't
know how and Elon probably knows he's
not great in hiring these teams from
scratch. So what Elon saw is hm if
cursor is the best but the worst on the
LLM side and the worst on compute
anthropic is like in the middle open is
better than LLM and anthropic probably
but worse than anthropic and scaffolding
and then Grock is pretty decent or good
at LLMs but totally sucks at
frameworking if
Grock and XAI Space XAI would partner up
with the best framework they could
leaprog everyone and that is how this
crazy looking deal came together that
Elon is offering or did pay $10 billion
with SpaceX to cursor as an option. It's
just a call option and a collaboration
strategy and has a call option that he
needs to use within 60 days after IPO
which is probably by August. By August
he has to pull the trigger and buy
cursor for 60 billion which is peanuts
if you have a $2 trillion stock with
SpaceX which you probably will have by
then.
So, if they combine, and here's the
point of this video that is so
important. If they do this successfully,
and of course, everything we see, these
preliminary results you're seeing here,
they show this equation is absolutely
working.
If this all works out the way I think,
it could be that SpaceXi will leapfrog
anthropic
and land next to it, maybe a little
behind or even a little before.
Anthropic in no time and the deal they
just struck with Enthropic SpaceX
compute with Anthropic you have probably
heard about that where Anthropic is
paying 1.5 billion per month to SpaceX
for compute for Colossus. That deal can
be cancelled I think within 60 days or
something. So it has a notice period
that's pretty short and they could kick
out Enthropic if they figure out that
they can actually beat Enthropic. And
now we get to the final piece of the
equation. Okay, the final piece of the
equation here is it's about deployment.
How do you get then once you have the
superior white collar digital human
digital human? How do you get that thing
into
the companies? And here's another huge
advantage that
uh cursor has. Cursa has actually the
widest far-reaching implementation
status across Fortune 500, right? They
are the company because they were the
first uh one to do that that has the
biggest adoption across Fortune 500
companies. So that is absolutely crazy.
Curser is in all these companies
already. They have tremendous adoption
across America's largest and most
important companies. I think they're in
all of them at this point. I read
somewhere.
And that is absolutely crazy because
that means this is not just a sales
force for the digital human that XAI or
space XAI will then have the white
collar mega replacement tool, but they
now have a deployment infrastructure
where they not only can sell to all
Fortune 500, but they have an existing
standing infrastructure and are inside
of all of these already with account
managers and huge cash flow into Curs.
That makes this whole thing absolutely
crazy. And you know, of course, when you
look at the numbers because people
discuss about SpaceX 2 trillion dollar
valuation wherever we get to 1.5
trillion then going up to 2 trillion
probably quickly before then dropping.
That's my prediction. But some somewhere
around two trillion at some point.
Uh how does the cash flow evolve?
Everyone is looking at Starink. But now
look again look again at the anthropic
annualized revenue. This is much bigger
than Starink and it's growing
dramatically faster than Starink. And
I'm always bashing Stalink, don't get me
wrong. Stalink will make a trillion
dollars in revenue relatively soon in my
opinion cuz they will get to a billion
users in the next 10 years. So it is a
giant cash cow, but nothing compared to
Space AI and probably nothing compared
to Space Xai, the actual digital human
deployment system. Because if Anthropic
grows to hundreds of billions of dollars
of revenue in the next 12 months, pretty
assured that they will and cursor can
overtake them, we will could look at a
situation where SpaceX AI is on track of
making hundreds of billions in revenue
just with their new anthropic competitor
starting next year or in 2028. So tens
of billions next year and hundreds of
billions in 2028. That is a completely
unrecognized revenue stream with
enormous margins. And I do think when
you put together these pieces, this is
more likely than not to happen. What
exactly? That SpaceXi, the combination
of Grock as a very strong LLM in
conjunction with cursor, the world's
best scaffolding system, which in my
opinion is even more important than the
LLM and will be more important in the
future. the way how you organize, spin
off, manage and improve the agents and
in conjunction with cursor's massive
market access that might beat anthropic
as early as next year. Now I have to
think this through more and model it out
more. And this is not something easy to
model because there are lots of unknowns
here. But the strategic first principle
understanding that I just developed over
the last 48 hours is that these are the
two components
and that these components are
represented by Grock and by cursor.
Enthropic is only so strong because it
has the cursor component inhouse and the
Grock component in-house. But anthropic
might be inferior on the cursor side to
cursor and on the Grock side to Grock
and only wins right now because no one
combined these two things successfully.
So if this is all true,
Elon might be sitting on the holy
trinity perfect scaffolding in the
world, best harness in the world,
cursor, which is proven to be the best,
probably one of the best models, maybe
the best model Grock as a pure LLM. And
third, of course,
last but not least, this thing, the
crazy space AI situation.
Uh, this is a little like maybe
forwardlooking that we have a moon base,
but you don't need a moon base to have
massive amounts of orbital AI
satellites. Elon promised to present the
AI satellite very soon. I always said
since the onset of this discussion in
November 2025, November last year, I had
the first video out first on Pioneer
Lands in the world where I outlined the
whole orbital AI business and why it's
so hot and why it's much faster coming
than people think and why it will
replace terrestrial AI build out very
very quickly before 2030 at scale. uh
this is all happening and that's the
holy trinity of course scaffolding
LLM superiority and then the compute
buildout and the scaffolding is probably
the most important piece and the fact
that you can buy the world's best
scaffolding company cursor for 60
billion is an absolute bargain of course
no one else would do that bargain only
Elon can do it and it just proves again
Elon is very very smart he doesn't he
understands what he's bad at he was bad
at product he was bad at scaffolding,
but he understands he needs it. What
does he do? He goes up to the guys who
are the best in the world, who right now
don't look very good. Now they look good
again, but before the deal, they look
just, oh, everyone's forgetting about
them. Elon saw it, took them on, boom,
has a brilliant team.
So very cool. And then here, of course,
uh
that is the translation of this whole
thing into revenue for SpaceX. So we
will look at this more. SpaceX Starlink
revenue is interesting. Then of course
the the bare compute lease out that by
the way within a week surprise week
doubled SpaceX's outlook because it's
now as big as Starling just the
anthropic deal but now we're looking at
the really big deal the new digital
human business. They call it digital
optimist I call it digital human. This
is a direct shot at the anthropic core
business which is basically infinitely
large. So, I hope that was interesting.
We have all these things being discussed
on Pioneer Lands. Go there and check it
out. And I hope to see you very soon.