Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Owns 48.7%… Look Who Owns The Rest
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1jHSmLJdu8
Published:   2026-08-18 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-18 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's been a big week for SpaceX. For the
first time, we now know exactly who owns
SpaceX. Elon at 48.7%,
Google, Nvidia, and the Saudis with
massive stakes. And that's only the
second biggest story of the week. First,
Cursor is officially part of SpaceX, a
$60 billion deal paid in stock, and the
team's first assignment is making Grock
the world's most useful AI. Second, the
filings revealed the owner list. Elon
holds 48.7%.
Google has 77 billion worth. Nvidia 17
billion dollars and Saudi Arabia's
wealth fund disclosed a $2 billion stake
as its biggest Q2 buy. Third, Peter
Demandis called memory, not compute, the
rate limiter of the AI era, and Elon
answered, few realizes. Remember that
line when we talked terap. Fourth, a
model that ran 5,000 AI futures puts
compute at $3.2 trillion a year by 2040,
90% of it in orbit. Elon says it will be
much higher with orbital the only way to
scale by 2029. And finally, Grock 4.6 is
landing as Frontier Intelligence at
open-source cost. And a Tesla AI
executive ran his work through Grockbot
for days, came away a believer. Jeff
Lutz here is with us. Uh he's a
multi-deade supply chain executive and
chief quality officer, now CEO of his
own high-tech manufacturing consulting
firm. Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, yeah, this is the topic dour, so
it'd be good to get into it. There's a
lot of good information here
&gt;&gt; and we're talking to SpaceX uh the whole
time here. SpaceX uh finally, well, not
finally, but this was probably going to
turn out to be the acquisition of the
decade. Acquisition, maybe the best
acquisition ever. Uh SpaceX closed his
$60 billion acquisition of Cursor
Company was called Anisphere effective
today, August 14th, is now wholly owned.
SpaceX's subsidiary that's taken care of
and um so that's all finally done.
Cursor is now part of SpaceX today. We
have officially closed our acquisition.
We will join the SpaceX AI team to help
make Grock the world's most useful AI
and improve Grock Build, Grockbot, Grock
API, Cursor and more. I think they were
probably the builders of Grockbot, but
they called it Grockbot. SpaceX has
built some of the most inspiring and
impressive technology in the world.
We're grateful for the opportunity. And
Elon said, "It's an honor to have such a
great team join SpaceX." What's your
expectations about Cursor?
&gt;&gt; I I mean, if you talk to people in the
AI community, Jensen Wong, Kevin Baker,
uh many people that are looking at this
and this was a huge huge
uh move for SpaceX, probably one of the
more consequential ones. Some some were
comparing it to Google's acquisition of
YouTube
uh in terms of just its overall
importance going into the the future.
And you know, SpaceX probably has some
more acquisitions that could be even
greater uh coming up potentially. So,
this was and is one of the biggest of
the year for any company and certainly
the biggest for uh SpaceX uh at this
point. Grockbot, Grock Build, this this
foundation in coding. Remember when the
AIS came out, LLMs, you had Grock kind
of going down this media,
anime, helpful kind of uh route and but
also, you know, trying to understand the
universe. But then you had you had uh
Claude Enthropic going after the coding,
going after the enterprise and you had
kind of chat GPT kind of being the the
personal
um home use but then also going after
these things. So everybody's kind of
realized wow there's a big there's a big
TAM as it relates to the enterprise and
as it relates to coding. So, this puts
Grock and SpaceX, SpaceX AI literally in
the pole position. It looks like they've
been working on stuff together for a
long period of time leading up to this.
You don't get Rockbot and some of these
other things out so rapidly without it.
So, this is a huge move. This is a huge
pivot. And when when SpaceX is talked
about in terms of this year's and next
year's financials, almost nobody talks
about Groc and if you look at the uh ARR
movement of an anthropic this year and
how it's grown monthly and on by by
quarter and same for OpenAI, you can see
that a lot of this isn't modeled into
the upside uh for SpaceX. The all the
conversations around compute and
Starlink. Yeah, that's what I want to
ask you. Exactly that. So, here's the
story to get everybody up to speed.
Cursor was number one. It was the best
in coding. Uh, then it kind of faltered
because it doesn't have its own LLM. It
doesn't have any compute and then
Anthropic takes over. OpenAI, of course,
as you described the history, they've
they've risen up to the top. Grock is
nowhere to be found.
SpaceX AI buys Gro uh cursor, gives them
the harness to wrap around Grock as the
LM and all the unlimited compute. Now
Grock 4.6 comes out and shocking
everybody. It's it's close to the top
three. Grock bot comes out. It's
equivalent to it's people are shocked
how great it is. It's equivalent to
openclaw and the agents being able to
use agents and cursor still sitting
there. And so people are saying, and I
agree with this, which is if Anthropic
goes public later this year at a $2
trillion
market cap, that is what they're
expecting because they're projecting a
hundred billion per year run rate and
they're going to be at two trillion,
which is going to be the largest IPO
ever, bigger than SpaceX at 1.75
trillion. Then why would you not price
SpaceX if if An entropic is two trillion
and then you know Grockbot Gro cursor
all can be a 100red billion just that
alone and then you add space and oh by
the way we got Starlink oh by the way we
have you know orbital data centers we
have all these other things
&gt;&gt; yeah and equivalent Grock to Enthropic
remember anthropic's working on their um
they're they're working on their next
thing so that's
&gt;&gt; right they'll leave at the end, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, well, these guys
will go back and forth, but you're
seeing I would say this a tremendous
move up by Grock, but if you the way to
simplify what you said is it's almost
like if Grock and Enthropic are, you
know, head nose to nose and almost
indistinguishable and they for two
trillion, that means the rest of SpaceX
is essentially you're getting it for
free. And then now you're going to put
if if there's a merger with I mean it
just it just really makes the SpaceX
portfolio just stand out more and more.
And this is why I go back to when
everybody talks about SpaceX it's about
compute in Starlink and of course the
launch business 90% of the Earth's
payload. The fourth thing that gets
talked about if it gets talked about at
all is Grock.
&gt;&gt; Well they they to be on to be fair they
still got to prove it. Uh we don't know
but there's early signs saying Grock
could leap frog. It's early signs that
cursor with Grock could actually be
equal to Enthropic. We don't know yet.
We don't even know Digital Optimus and
whether or not that's going to be a
competitive advantage. All of that is
still unknown. SpaceX. So now we know
who owns it. Elon owns 48.4% of SpaceX,
6.42 billion shares. And Elon replied
saying, "Well, look, a bunch of it only
vests on extremely crazy good outcomes
for SpaceX. So actual full vested
percentage is lower." So when you see
that it's only it includes a lot of uh
stock options that we'll have to vest
first which is you know if only all good
things happen. He achieves what he
expects to get that he'll get that just
to be clear about that. But uh we now
know who's buying. Here's the Saudis.
Saudi investment fund discloses their
largest buy in Q2. 154 million shares of
SpaceX. We don't know exactly when they
bought it. preipo, post IPO, but we know
that 25 billion, they say 65% of the
fund, but that's been proven to be
false. Uh I'll I'll share that shortly.
25 billion position makes sense to be
honest. To be honest, uh they don't they
don't do anything short-term. They look
things positive. There's probably going
to be a really big deal. I'm pretty in
certain about it with the Saudis large
data center there or something. And then
uh community notes said the Saudi public
investment fund manages over 900 billion
dollars making this SpaceX investment
just 2.7% of the fund not 65%. Of the
900 billion the public investment fund
reports a US equities portfolio is 37.9
billion of this portion 26.3 is reported
SpaceX which would be 69% of US
portfolio but not 65%.
Just to be clear, Saudis,
&gt;&gt; yeah, they invest for the long term and
you just look at the institutional
holders of SpaceX. I mean, there's a lot
of stability there. At the same time,
the float's going to increase and
there's options trading. There's all
kinds of things that I think will drive
some movement. But I go back to this
Grock conversation versus compute
conversation and the whole talk of next
year was, you know, going from hundred
billion dollars of AR. Remember we were
just talking about $18 billion of AR
just you know a couple months ago now
going to 100 exiting the year at 100 run
rate and potentially doubling or
tripling that the next year. I mean this
is one of the reasons that SpaceX has
tremendous support in its stock price.
uh you know obviously it had the IPO it
moved down but if you look at how
clearly they laid out that the following
year uh you know they've set it up very
again and then you have the you have
these option you have this option value
of Grock being amazing ARR driver
potentially and then what if they put up
their first prototype space-based data
center in the following year and then
all of a sudden you get signups for that
so there's just a lot of things on the
horizon coming and if you look at I know
there's a lot of talk of in Nvidia's
investment and when was it done and was
it done in pieces or so forth but
there's tremendous faith in what SpaceX
is doing and how they're doing it. I
think it speaks to that Elon and SpaceX,
they're signing the deals and then the
big boys, the countries, the government,
they're all lining up. So, he is doing
something right and it's looking more
likely it's positive than negative. Here
are the big ones. Google, Nvidia, and
AMD disclosed the following ownership
stakes of SpaceX stock today. According
to the new SEC filings, Google has $77
billion worth. Wow. Nvidia 17.2 AMD 463
million um and uh
Nvidia Fidelity I think I even heard
that Harvard dozen top funds just closed
their SpaceX uh stakes so we talked
about this already Elon holds nearly
half 48.7 but again needs to be vested
among other outside among outside Google
Disclo 4.18% Antonio Gra's Valer 3.82%
22% Fidelity 2.3. Then you got Ron
Baron, Nvidia, Seoia, Andreas, Harowitz,
Vanguard, all reporting stakes. The
percenters are based on SpaceX, 13
billion public shares. Here we go. So
this is the breakdown. Google has
probably the second largest at this
point and so forth because they were so
early and you know just how odd things
are. Do you expect uh Jeeoff that there
will be other Google um kind of deals
with Tesla, Elon or SpaceX or
&gt;&gt; I do again it you have to look at who
has access to space and and how is this
going to play out? I I I I mean we don't
know. We're all obviously on the outside
reading the same information everyone
else has access to. But it would it
would lead you to believe that what
happened in June wasn't just a one-off
thing. And remember, Elon's going to get
a lot of both early access and a lot of
share of Ver Rubin as that ships from
Nvidia next year. So, everybody knows
like when you're shipping a new
platform, you're going to have to get
resources from Nvidia, from all the
partner companies on site to bring this.
Where's all the resources going to be
pulled to? It's going to be pulled to
the biggest and earliest customer, and
that's that's SpaceX. So people want to
get in line. They want to get on that
hardware as soon as possible. Their
token efficiency is going to improve.
Their costs are going to improve. So the
earlier you get on these arcs, the
better you are at driving your cost
structure down. And everybody knows from
looking at the data that the US model
providers have got to do significant
reductions in in their cost per token.
This is another reason why Grock 46 is
so good. It's one thing to just measure
it on a paro basis of the various
performance benchmarks. It's another
thing to say that it hit these
benchmarks at this cost per token. And
when you pull those two two concepts
together, you have a business. And it's
such an important theme because this
theme ripples through all of Elon's
businesses, which is not just scaling
for the sake of scale, but scaling for
the sake of the best business model and
profitability.
&gt;&gt; That's a good point. Yeah. Yeah, I
always shake my head when when a
competitor like Google that is a
hyperscaler has their own chips, has
their own data centers and then yet
they, you know, rent out from Tesla or
SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Well, their chips don't do I mean
there's there's differences in what TPUs
are good for and what they're good to
train on. There's a lot of early there's
a lot of talk from, you know, that's
supposedly from people inside of, you
know, Google saying, "Hey, we want to
train on these these other platforms. We
want access to these other things." So
there's things that our TPUs are
purpose-built for. Uh and there's things
that you know Nvidia system is more
purpose-built for. So and that's why
you're seeing them going and buying this
compute. The other thing is they want to
scale like they don't want their
services to be limited. They they can
get services out and different things
faster than they they can bring up their
compute. Uh Google seemed to have a
implosion with leaving of demis
going up to this chairman losing their
top AI. I don't know what's going on
there but um okay Nvidia is interesting.
I've been covering Nvidia with Larry
Goldberg and CERN Basher and Nvidia is
of course they partner with everybody as
that's their strategy. They will you
know um sell them chips but they'll also
invest and be part of their business.
But also, I think they're even striking
revenue sharing deals after they use
those chips. So, they're being smart
about it. They're not just a, you know,
I'm selling a product and I'm one and
done. They're going to go and invest in
you and make you succeed. And they are a
big $20 billion worth of SpaceX, Nvidia.
Uh, that's a lot, but you can also see
that they have huge, you know, amounts
in other companies as well.
Um, and then Larry believes that Nvidia,
Elon, and Jensen are striking a much
deeper partnership with Terraab than we
first hear. We've we've heard Elon say
that we've committed to buying just
Nvidia chips and Nvidia said we're going
to give you a significant share of our,
you know, latest chips as they come out
via Reubins. But, uh, there's probably
more. I think the theory could be that
that Nvidia would be a partner of
Terrafab and Nvidia would be um selling
those chips that are created by Terafab
to customers.
So, we'll we'll see what happens. Um
&gt;&gt; well, there's so much non-Taiwan
capacity that needs to come online. Like
the Arizona
uh capacity for TSMC is just a mere
fraction of what they're doing out of
Taiwan. So companies are going to be
eager to get in line for this capacity.
Uh whether it's Terapab the the
interesting thing about Terapab is just
doing everything on site including
memory other AS6 and then packaging and
then you can prototype with them and do
that and get the market faster too on
your design. So there's something about
what they're doing rather than going the
discrete route. If you can get the
market faster and then they have all the
capacity for you when you get the market
that's very remember people don't
realize Nvidia is fabulous. Nvidia has
to go to TSMC they have to go to other
foundaries to get their chips built. So
striking a deal with Terafab there'd be
nothing wrong with Nvidia doing that
because they're differentiate on their
product. They just need capacity at the
best cost structure to get product out.
Yeah, they they need they he sees a huge
TAM as well that's going to grow that
it's going to TSMC Samsung's not enough
to provide. So of course any any chip
fab I'll partner with you uh for sure.
So this comment that you made about
memory uh Peter de Manis said something
similar memory not compute is the rate
limiter of the agentic era. Elon said,
"Few realize this." Um, and do how many
people actually understand that uh
SpaceX, Terrafab and Tesla together with
Terapab is actually making their own
memory as well. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's going to be limited for
the foreseeable future and the it just
just not well understood. I think people
are applying
10 and 20 year old
uh cyclicality measures to to something
where if you look at the fundamental
demand drivers from going from training
compute to inference to chatbot AI to
physical real world AI, these things are
extending the cycle. So if you want to
call it a cycle, you can call it a
cycle. It just doesn't mean that the
music's going to stop in 12 months like
everybody thought. And this is why these
things are running at single and low
double-digit pees and throwing off
tremendous amounts of cash. They're
going to Anyway, we'll see. I just I
just see there's so many things that can
extend this cycle. The competition will
also ramp up and like you said with with
Terrapad, but you're you're talking, you
know, years uh into the future to get
there. So there's a lot of runway for
memory and it is the rate limiter at
this point.
&gt;&gt; So a number of research uh um firms are
now calculating all the need for compute
infrastructure. AI comput infrastructure
is a lot bigger than everybody's
realizing. Keystone came out with their
own report. Uh Mach 33 of Aaron Aaron
Bernett came out with his. We're
projecting AI compute infrastructure
will crunch 800,000 quadrillion tokens
by 2040 on 500 gigawatts of dedicated
infrastructure and generate 3.2 trillion
from the infrastructure alone not
including model and apps layers. Um our
AI compute keystone runs 5,000
simulations across more than 400 source
bare bull assumptions. That's our own
version of psycho history. Da da da da
da. He explains that and um you know I'm
not going to go through all this but
basically they have all these charts of
all the different possibilities of what
can happen 5,000 futures you know
they're doing their own Monte Carlo I'm
sure probability analysis and in their
analysis look how quickly this rises
this is how much they want and Elon
[laughter] says nope it will be much
bigger it will be much higher than all
that even all that analysis is still not
enough that's crazy do you believe
&gt;&gt; one of the best one One of the best
examples of this was
uh Chris Camilillo and his comparison he
did I did on another podcast talking
about when electricity was invented did
we know the full extreme of where did we
know about electric cars we know about
no of course we didn't know all these
things
&gt;&gt; so to say that you can call the if
you're an AI bear you I mean you have
things to hang your hat on. There's no
question about it. But to to have like
the forward to to say like you can call
the end of like you can see like AI is
done here. Like this is it. I think
that's a very rich statement. It's very
it's not informed by history. It's not
informed by the capital allocators that
are putting that are investing this
capex. At this point, I'd have to you'd
have to put a little bit more emphasis.
It doesn't mean don't question it. It
doesn't mean don't take the other side
of it. It doesn't mean don't spend a lot
of time trying to understand the other
side of it. But if you're just going to
read a Substack or read a a a hot take
post on X and like you got to look at
the source like what have these people
done that would inform and say like
there's a higher probability of them
being correct than the seven biggest
capital allocators in the world would
all have to be wrong. So, I just I I go
there, but it doesn't mean that you're
not constantly looking at it and trying
to understand the other side of it. It's
just I just think it's absurd to think
that you know the other you can see the
end of AI.
&gt;&gt; Uh I mean, yeah, Elon's very bullish and
he probably is too bullish. Uh
especially with time frames. Let's get
that straight that that we agree on
that. But, uh you know, the TAM is huge.
And here he is replying to somebody
else's comment which we'll walk through.
But he says, "Orbital compute will be
the only way to scale AI probably
sometime in 2029. I mean like we're
talking 3 years from now due to power
availability and permitting problems on
land." Okay, that's he's he still stands
by that. And this Owen Lewis said
there's a ton of good stuff in here, but
to me this is the part that everyone
mainstream is overlooking. It's
literally the most important part. It's
ironic that today orbital data center
comput is considered a niche because the
model suggests it will be a necessary
condition for AI continuing to scale in
the 2030s. So if if all of these futures
that we just walked through is so true
and the target is so high, you cannot
create enough data centers in on Earth,
you cannot make enough chips and memory.
That's why Elon's creating terafab.
That's why he's doing orbital data
compute and it's just like a like he can
see clearly see the future and yet
people are thinking it's still a niche.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's it's hard to um it's
hard to say that anybody knows the
future and how it will play out monthly
or how it will play out yearly. Elon's
talking in five and 10year chunks. I
think that's what people need to
understand. And I don't know if he's too
uh I don't know if he's too bullish on
this one. This is a really difficult one
to size up. And if you look at the bets
that TSMC are making and you look at the
bets that ASML are making, these these
companies that also have to move in
three and fiveyear plus increments,
they're not making bets that this is
slowing down every soon. And to me,
that's the main arbiter in all this that
is so seldom discussed. Everybody
fixates on what did Mark Zuckerberg say
or what did Michael Bur and his
substacks I don't know why, but this is
what people are doing. I think you
should understand the bare case, but the
the people that have to make these very
long-term decisions upstream in the
supply chain, the people that are making
the next 12 month decisions on wafer
loading, the people that are making the
next 18 months decision on uh machine
buildout, the next three-year decisions,
these are the ones you need to study and
spend more. This is what semi analysis
does. This is what some other a lot of
lot of hedge fun a lot of companies do
this analysis alone because the upstream
supply chain will is more telling than
the confusion you see on social media
and in fintech that that is just a
confusing you will see every side of
every issue discussed every way and
there's you have to put waitings on
things in terms of their importance and
their relevance I put waiting on
waitings on seven best capital
allocators in the world proven and what
is the upstream supply chain doing.
That's where I put my primary waiting
&gt;&gt; and take a look at Nvidia and Jensen
Wong where he I just showed the chart
where they're invested um how much money
they invested which companies are
invested in and why. Now you can say,
"Yeah, that's his customers. Of course,
he's going to support them." True. But
also, you know, they're that big of a
company that money is required as
important to you, and you're still going
to take that bet that this is going to
be the place to go. Uh, I put my bet
alongside Elon Musk or Jensen Wong
versus people who have never done
anything like Michael Bur.
&gt;&gt; They just extended the 2020 launch of
the A100 GPU to 2029
for on these are things that were
supposed to be old. years.
&gt;&gt; Uh and and now they're going out and the
rental rates are high.
&gt;&gt; Uh so
&gt;&gt; the costs are high. I sorry the the rate
the costs are are still high and then
the availability is still extremely low.
So there's a lot of leading indicators
and metrics out there. And I would
implore people to be informed on all
sides of this because as this continues
to move, you see these unbelievable
earnings. You're just going to get a
bigger and bigger chorus of people. But
you have to question like what are they
saying and what what what backs up if if
they start going back to do and dark
fiber, you can go back and say, well, I
see the rental rates. I see the
availability being super low. Like this
is not fiber and this is not dot. These
are well- capitalized companies with
great balance sheets. But I it's okay to
keep looking around corners and trying
to understand everybody should do that.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk Grock 4.6 and Grock bot.
Yasai, one of the top AI engineers at
Tesla in charge of Optimus and uh
Roboaxi. He says he's been using
Grockbot and he goes, "You're the CEO.
So hiring the right team to adopt your
workflow is important because with
Grockbot you can create many different
agents. They can be your team members.
Letting the bot use a computer like a
normal human allows many legacy software
bridges to the agentic world. The only
thing it cannot automate yet is make a
phone call or texting for me so I don't
need to fight with those horrible
telephone automated systems that that
will be coming very soon I'm sure. I
think a lot of oneperson companies will
be empowered by this tool at least
making a day-to-day operation with human
fund. So we known openclaw has been out
there uh made a wave but really it's
less than 1% of people using it. very
difficult and Grockbot comes out and
they've made it user friendly very easy
for somebody somebody to just have
agents to control. Elon said Grock 4.6
will work best with Grock build harness.
So um it's best to use the harness
around it. The experience will be
significantly worse without it. So best
to evaluate using build
even from my use so far 4.6 seems highly
optimized for Grock build and that is so
let's take a look at this. Um, and the
and the thing that's been shocking
everybody is Gro's version of their LLM
is is now frontier level intelligence
but at open-source cost. That that is
such a critical thing for people to
understand. It's low much priced lower.
Uh, and what will it do to the business
models of anthropic when they've got to
lower their prices. They got to compete.
And same thing with Open EI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if if you look at what
what 46 is doing and you look at where
Elon is spending his time,
[clears throat and cough]
it appears that he believes that he can
meaningfully grow the monthly ARR
with Grock and and the associated work
that's around it. So, I think he wants
to spend time he is spending a lot of
time here. I think people should just
understand that integrating the cursor
team, getting these teams working
together, and then he's going to get the
plan in motion, which probably is
already mostly done, and he's going to
move back and he's he's got probably got
to go deeper into Optimus. He's got to
get robo taxi to scale. But I think if
you look at where Elon has been spending
his time, I think he's been lining up
compute business left and right. And now
he's built a hundred billion dollar AR
business that nobody saw coming even
four months ago. And and now that
business could double or triple in the
next year. So now he's okay. Well, how
do I add and layer onto this? Like what
happens if I'm only at the 5 gawatts of
compute? Well, what if Grock is gets to
it gets to be its own 50 or 100 billion
dollar business? I don't think anybody
saw that coming. So he's just creating
more and more option value to really,
you know, push SpaceX up into this
valuation. So this is great to see. I I
but I I see this is the landscape for
Elon. Get these companies integrated,
get Grock to the the frontier and pull
back, make sure there's a mechanism for
it to continue to lead and and move
ahead. And he's going to drop back into
I think Optimus and in getting robo taxi
scaled
&gt;&gt; next. Yeah. So, Claude Opus is made by
Anthropic and they're the best right now
according to this. Uh, this is
intelligence on the left. They have the
most intelligence. The high the higher
you are, the more intelligent you are.
But the lower on the left side, that's
the cheaper you are. So, Claude is still
the best. But look, Grock is now
equivalent to GPT 5.6. So, like you say
though, they, you know, performance
wise, intelligence wise, they will they
will go and
&gt;&gt; but it's so much cheaper. they will uh
you know GPC will come up with this
version. They will leaprog each other
and all that but it's now up in that
level of intelligence with the threes
and then but then they're so much
cheaper. Look at it's 1,000 let's say
versus 4,000. It's like a third I've
seen even onetenth cheaper. The question
is then what happens if this is worth $2
trillion company and then open AAI goes
out and they're you're two trillion
dollar company just Gro alone could be a
trillion$2 trillion company now do you
believe Jeff when Elon says just wait
till 4.7 because 4.7 is going to have
the SpaceX engineering database and he
believes it's that will make it go
higher and it will leaprog everyone and
then at some point because of their AI
their access to compute that others
don't have access to that they will just
stay ahead that's his promise or no I
guess he's
&gt;&gt; so I don't I don't I I think it's these
investment banks that are putting this
two trillion out for anthropic I don't
think it goes for that we can come back
to this in a month or two and say oh
you're wrong it actually does um I think
it goes for something a little bit less
but I think it's going to be north of a
trillion maybe a trillion and a half I
don't think open AI go for I don't think
Open AI goes this year and and I don't
think they're going I think they're
going to struggle to get to a trillion
but to your point this does position
Grock is you know basically it could be
most of the arguably the current if
those go out for that and Grock is that
performance at remember at a fraction of
the cost
you can see what's going to happen to
the adoption curve it's going to go
through the roof and you have to look at
what is anthropics move because their
access to compute is most is a lot
through SpaceX. You know, it's not like
they have the kind of ability and same
with open AI to make a big move on
compute as part of their cost structure.
They're going to have to do it all in
their their algorithmic and their model
development to take their cost structure
down. I just think the delta is so big.
it it's going to take a while when you
when you fact again everybody just looks
at which model is the best but they're
not looking at it in association with
its cost structure and I think when
those two when you start seeing people
saying look I can't afford this stuff
and and they see that there's an
alternative with Grock you're going to
see that adoption rate just go way up
and Grock's ARR is going to go way up so
&gt;&gt; well it's not a given that u so anthrop
as you said
&gt;&gt; they're not still
&gt;&gt; yeah but it's yeah they're not signing
so but you you positioned it well which
is anthrop Tropic is incredibly well
adopt, you know, by the corporate
America enterprise compute. They're all
using it, paying them thousands of
dollars a month. And then you got GPT,
which is used by people, consumers. Like
it's hard for Grock to it's nowhere near
competitive there. And then so Grock
becomes better, but it's still a huge
challenge and a leap for to use this for
anybody to say that Grock will now
become competitive with these guys. It's
beyond just intelligence. right now. You
got to get consumer marketing ease of
use. uh opus is still very claude
[snorts] opus is still very much more
integrated into and I've already
committed to it for example like I'm
going to switch to Grock Bob uh this
weekend but I'm I'm willing to do that
whereas I think a lot of people once
you're already connect you know once you
got your early adopter thing it's hard
to move somebody off of they've got all
their skills already set up and all that
uh integrated into their system so it's
still a locked way but if they do leave
&gt;&gt; it's still early days so there's a lot
that's that's coming.
&gt;&gt; It's true. Very interesting. We'll
follow this. This is uh
Daario of Anthropic does still believe
that they will be the artificial super
intelligence and he still believes
there's only going to be one. It's his
company.
He just said it this weekend, right? He
thinks that there's going to be one
leader. It'll be it'll be them. Yeah,
they're doing great now, but you know,
this is very competitive and we we've
seen this summer that companies are
like, "Hey, look, like I've maxed out my
token budget. Now, what do I do?"
&gt;&gt; So, you don't want companies using less
AI because you can't get the
efficiencies that they need. So, but
like I said, I agree. They're not going
to stand still, but it looks like the I
think Elon is starting to outpace
people, but this is going to go back and
forth. A year ago, we were we weren't
talking about his anthropic as much. It
was all chat GPT and Gemini.
&gt;&gt; They won they won the game, and now it's
like, uhoh, [laughter] we're watching,
you know, Elon running fast. Okay, thank
you, Jeeoff. That was fun. Uh, lots of
updates on AI and SpaceX and others. The
investors are there. It's very similar
to what's happening with Tesla in a
mirror image almost. Uh follow Jeff on
his ex account at the Jeffoff Lots.
Thanks everybody.