Channel:     futureaza
Title:       BYD Charging Just Got Serious - FLASH Charging
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymQ1sHjdXVY
Published:   2026-04-06 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-06 12:54 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's fun to think about is the other
batteries. There's a lot of batteries
out there that charge really, really
fast. BYD's got some. A bunch of
companies in China do you can charge at
speeds in excess of a million watts.
Yeah, not just a neighborhood, but a big
neighborhood of charging. Uh, but how
does it work and does it even matter?
That's what we're going to discuss
today. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
I got Jordan Gizigy joining me for the
first time in oh so long. It's been so
long since I've seen you, Jordan. How
are you, my friend?
&gt;&gt; Fantastic. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; That's great. I'm so glad you're here.
By the way, we are recording this on
April 1. I don't know if that's
relevant. I don't know if you've heard
this, but uh we've got BYD's second gen
blade battery 10 to 70% in five minutes.
This isn't experimental. This is in
deployment. These are out in the public.
People can
see them, buy them, use them. I don't
know. I don't know who it's for. So,
this is a LMFP as I understand. This is
uh not BYD's website. So, this is uh you
know, generation
here is not quite as reliable. But even
at 30 below Celsius, the battery can
reportedly charge from 20 to 97 in 12
minutes. So, it's got great cold weather
performance. It's And it can charge up
to 1.4 1.5 megaww,
which is insane. How do you do that
without setting everything on fire?
There's a few ways that I've suspected
that, for instance, Shan Shing works.
And um so looking at the cathode, you
can add carbon nanot tubes to the
cathode that just improves the contact
conductivity all around. Um for the
electrolyte, you can use kind of a
thinner, more less viscous electrolyte
that allows the ions to flow more
easily. Typically that would cause
increased degradation, but it sounds
like they've probably found a solution
for that. You can do surface
modification of uh the graphite or add
silicon to the anode which both uh
accelerate that you can uh charge the
battery and perhaps something with the
separator as well an improved separator
technology ceramic coated something
thinner uh potentially. So there's a
number of ways that they can do it that
are now available off the shelf and I'm
not sure if they're using LMFP or not. I
haven't looked into this battery that
much specifically, but if they are using
LMFP and they've seen a significant
increase in energy density, they can
trade a little bit of that energy
density increase for uh thinner
electrodes that allow faster charge and
discharge speeds.
&gt;&gt; And it's possible they're doing all of
the above.
&gt;&gt; Oh, and there's also sorry, one more is
a gradient gradient electrode where they
put two layers of electrode material.
Like for instance, when you coat the
cathode of the anode, you put a layer of
material that's like thin and porous and
then you put another layer of material
that's compacted. So you have a layer
that's devoted to fast charge and
discharge and a layer that's devoted to
high energy storage. So you get the best
of both worlds in the same pack. Oh, so
we saw people early on theorizing that
uh they that Tesla might be using uh
Maxwell, was it Maxwell's uh capacitors
as like some kind of a hybrid? Maybe
they're going to do them both. And we
have seen in China some companies that
have two different battery packs in the
car that operate differently for I don't
I don't know if it's for charging speed
or or how it's optimized. I think one is
able to do fast discharge for when you
stomp on it or need regen and the other
does slower discharge for when you're
moving quicker. I don't recall now, but
there are some options out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct. You can put two
different battery cells in the same
battery pack or you can essentially put
two different battery cells within the
same battery cell, which I prefer.
&gt;&gt; It does seem to be more of a contained
solution. Um, and then we've got uh some
other exciting stuff here. This is uh
just speaking of solid state, seven
solid state battery ideas that may boost
EV range safety and charging speed. And
I'll just go over the high level.
Lithium metal solid state batteries. I
don't know, maybe that's a thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the most people who are
doing solid state, that's the route
they're going. They're pairing it with a
lithium metal anode. Uh because uh a
solid state separator should be more
robust to lithium metal dendrites.
Should be. Okay. Sulfide, solid state.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so that's not necessarily
differentiated from the one before.
Sulfide is just a a a type of um solid
state separator. There's like oxide. Oh,
there we go. Oxide, ceramic, solid state
batteries.
&gt;&gt; So, what they're saying is there's seven
ways, but they're all the same.
&gt;&gt; It's just different options for the same
technology.
&gt;&gt; So, um
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Once again, polymer. Yeah. So they
they've divided something out that
doesn't necessarily need to be divided
out. The the it'll be survival of the
fittest when it comes down to it. Just
like sodium ion chemistries, there's
half a dozen of those or a dozen of them
or hundreds actually. And uh the best
one will win, but it's all sodium ion
battery.
&gt;&gt; You just got to just got to label it. Um
&gt;&gt; now did you know CL commands this is
saying 45% of the global market? I've
seen numbers as high as uh 52%.
Um, but this is the global uh battery
market share. Did you realize CL was
that big?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I hope so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm just surprised others is as small as
it is. I was just sure there was a long
tail that would make up 20 30% of the
whole market. CHL pretty big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's uh once you become a
tier one or tier 2 like qualified
supplier, uh that throws a lot of
business your way.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it does.
&gt;&gt; And CL batteries appear in just about
everyone's cars as this chart clearly
indicates.
&gt;&gt; And as like like the mining industry,
it's a matter of scale. The bigger you
can get, the better margins you can get
and uh the more likely you you are to
survive. It's that paro curve thing. I
think that's the right word. I'm not
familiar with that curve, but I believe
it.
&gt;&gt; Basically, everything in the universe,
uh, there's this rule that applies where
it says, you know, like 20% of the
things make up 80 or um represent 80% of
the total.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; oh, I see.
&gt;&gt; So, like a you you'll get a few rich
people that are super rich, you'll get a
few companies that are really
successful, th those sort of things. a
few stars that make up most of the mass
of the universe
&gt;&gt; and our sun which makes up most of the
mass of the solar system and the
emptiness of space which makes up
everything. Uh we've got a surprising
amount of it uh at least from what I've
observed anecdotally. I might need a
citation for that. Uh so on these uh
when you get a company as big as CL they
can afford to do outrageous amounts of
research and what you end up seeing is
for example China puts a sodium ion
battery into an EV that can go 248 miles
on a charge. Uh would you explain real
quick the difference between gravimetric
energy density and volutric?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um volutric energy density is how
much energy you can store for a given
volume like how much uh space is under
your vehicle. Gravimetric is how much
energy you can store for a given mass.
Uh so uh how light do you want your
battery to be? And uh should I continue
explaining what that means for sodium
ion?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I thought you might be going there
where going there next. Okay. So uh
although sodium ion batteries have the
same or similar gravimetric energy
density to LFP batteries, they tend to
have much lower volumetric energy
density. So that's why they always
advertise the gravimetric rather than
the volutric energy density because
typically at at best a sodium ion
battery, it's going to have 30% less
range because you can fit 30% less
batteries under the vehicle. And um in
other examples I've seen the battery
pack is even 50% smaller.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, that's what happens is your
vehicle people say, "Well, then just put
more in." Great. Where where should we
put them? Um I guess you could make a
weird shaped battery that takes up an
awkward space behind the second row of
seats. I'm not sure. But then you got up
all kinds of cooling, you know, thermal
management complications. Maybe on uh a
school bus uh it would make sense
because you've got a much longer space
that you can occupy with batteries more
space generally where you can figure out
where to put it. Having the low weight
is nice. You know it it's going to make
your suspension cheaper, your brakes,
your tires, your wheels all cheaper. It
has less capacity means less uh thermal
management is required I assume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, do we have any winners and
losers on roundtrip energy efficiency?
I've seen uh I know I went to a place
that makes flow batteries and uh one of
the concerns with their approach is the
roundtrip energy efficiency was quite
low. Well, not not great compared to uh
conventional lithium-ion batteries.
&gt;&gt; That's this is a really good question.
I'm glad you brought it up. uh because
lithium-ion batteries typically at the
moment they're uh they're at the top of
the heap or towards the top of the heap
and but it wasn't always like that. Uh
as they improve manufacturing processes
and improve the chemistry just making
slight tweaks sodium ion will get there
up with lithium-ion batteries but sodium
ion batteries tends to be a little bit
lower. I think like lithium ion
batteries tend to be like 95% plus and
sodium ion batteries are getting close
like maybe 90 to 95%. Or maybe they're
there already but I I haven't seen any
evidence of that yet. But what people
need to take into account with roundtrip
efficiency it it depends on um
the requirements of a given use case and
it's although it's a factor it's not
something worth obsessing over. For
example, if you have a battery with a
roundtrip efficiency of like 80%, but it
does twice as many cycles and you're
using it for grid storage, then it
doesn't matter so much because you're
going to be making up a lot of those
energy losses with the lower cost of the
battery. So that's why we have things
like levelized cost of storage where you
take everything into account and that
gives you a total cost per kilowatt
hour. So there's no sense obsessing over
specific metrics when what really
matters is uh the combination of
strengths and weaknesses.
&gt;&gt; And that's a good point. The levelized
cost does take all of that into account.
Um I know there are fans of certain
types of energy that prefer to ignore
that uh number and just look at well and
every form of energies fans has its own
oddballs like people on solar advocates
who only look at uh installed capacity
rather than generation is is an easy
example. Uh but then again, solar
detractors have their own uh assortment
of mental illnesses. Uh but uh you know,
I'm not here to diagnose, just to judge.
Uh and I'm quite good at that. Um hey,
uh did you know, Jordan, that uh this
summer on June 5th and 6th, there's a
big event that uh I'm going to Have you
heard about that?
&gt;&gt; I too am going.
&gt;&gt; Hey,
tickets on sale now. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tickets on sale now. Uh you can
there's a uh yeah, Friday meet and greet
uh with separate tickets for that
because the event is desperately
underfunded and we don't want to
bankrupt the organizers though we might.
Uh it feels like we're trying. Apologies
to the folks in Michigan. It's going to
be a lot of fun. Uh, y'all should join
us um on on batteries because we've
still got a few minutes here. What am I
missing? What's going on? What's
exciting? Where I know what to ask.
Where are we at with that 4680 dry
cathode?
&gt;&gt; It's all looking good. And based on
based on the information out of Tesla,
um, in my view, it's the issue is now um
seeing how quickly they can ramp it. U,
but they've they've we've confirmed it
through Elon. we've confirmed it through
Bonnie Agelston that they do have it
solved and they're very optimistic about
it. It's now let's get this thing ramped
finally. But after they get it ramped,
I'm so excited about all the potential
of the dry electrode process for
improving performance. Uh because in my
mind there's three overall goals with
the 4680. One was to stabilize Tesla's
supply chain so nobody can wag the dog.
Number two is to reduce the cost which
is a nice benefit. And number three,
further down on the list was
performance. But performance inversely,
that's what everybody gets excited about
in the public.
&gt;&gt; I get excited.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On most cathodes and anodes are still
coming from China today. That's uh as as
I understand it. And Tesla is working to
not just domesticate but bring all of
that inhouse. Is that correct?
&gt;&gt; That is correct. Tesla is the only
company in the world or it's put it this
way. It's the al only alternative in the
world full stack to the battery supply
chain monopoly that China has. So, and
that's that's so huge because China is
an entire country and Tesla is just one
company.
&gt;&gt; It uh I'll have to double check your
your math on that, but I think that's
correct. On uh the graphite also
primarily comes from China. I know
there's uh companies in Canada that are
trying to get in on that. Have we seen
any moves to domesticate graphite?
&gt;&gt; There's a lot of people trying it and
Tesla claims that all the components for
the 4680 they're sourcing every they
have supply chain sources outside of
China. Now the 4680 is at such low
volume at this point that that's
entirely feasible. The question is those
graphite supply chains, how big can they
ramp them within the United States? Uh I
don't know anything about that.
Well, graphite's just carbon, Jordan.
How hard could it be?
&gt;&gt; Years and years, years and years of
qualification, but there is many
feasible routes to scale to enormous
volumes in the United States if the
willpower is there to do it.
&gt;&gt; So, I I for at the moment, I'm taking
Tesla's word that they have um
multissourced, as they put it, uh the
battery materials for the 4680
specifically. But the the 46 only the
4680 makes up less than 1% of their
total cell supply at the moment. So it
wouldn't be a it's not a high bar in
terms of um meeting that it not to say
it would be easy to do what they've done
but
&gt;&gt; uh also true and that's um I am also
inclined to believe them. uh replacing
1% of your cell supply pipeline is not
that challenging but we are going to be
seeing as we've been told semi cyber
cabab cybert truck optimus
semi alone is a couple of cells I don't
know if you've seen but it's
&gt;&gt; yeah well that's equivalent to let's say
400,000 to 500,000 vehicles when it's
fully ramped at 50,000 units a year and
at that point you're to some serious
tonnage. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah, it's it's 7 to 10 cars
depending on which cars per vehicle. So,
yeah, that's about right. And we do uh I
made a video a while back, I don't know
if you saw it, uh exploring the puzzle
of where cells are coming from and where
they're going. And uh it was it is very
dependent on 4680 production. It does
look like there's some external 4680
production uh from Panasonic in what was
it? Oklahoma or
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Kansas, I think.
&gt;&gt; Kansas.
&gt;&gt; Uh but they had there's been plans for
both Oklahoma and Kansas, so I forget
which one won out, but yeah, I think for
a 4680 for Panasonic in particular, it's
Kansas, but I'd have to double check.
&gt;&gt; All very exciting. uh as is the
excitement of April 1st, which is for
those unaware today. There's no
misinformation going on. There's no
malfeasants. There's no lies being told.
There is a joke. Uh and depending I
mean, you could subscribe. This picture
is kind of a joke. I think it's very
funny and adorable. Uh and of course,
you could uh uh also support the channel
in any number of ways. You could also
support Jordan's channel because Jordan
doesn't make 5 million videos. Jordan
researches like crazy, does gets the
animation, gets it all done. It's all
about quality over quantity. Uh policy
that strikes me as incredibly foreign. I
don't understand it. I strive for
quality, too. Uh but not in the
animations, which is very timeconsuming.
So, I appreciate you putting in all that
hard work to do all that. Um, anything
we should be looking for on the battery
horizon?
&gt;&gt; Um, I feel like we're at the moment
we're just in a holding pattern after so
many announcements for solid state,
sodium ion, 4680, all these technologies
over the next one, two, three years. Uh,
it's going to be exciting to see how
fast each of them scale so we can get a
bead on um where the entire market is
going. I mean, I have my views on
things. I think
um sodium ion is going to scale rapidly,
but not as rapid as a lot of people
think it will. It's not going to be in
every vehicle within 3 years,
particularly in the United States. Solid
state batteries, they might actually be
able to ramp as fast or faster. Backing
up a bit, we had solid state batteries
since like 2011. I think um there was
companies that were producing solid
state batteries for their own uses, for
their own products back like 15 years
ago. So when people say solid state
batteries are coming, I'm like, eh,
we've had solid state batteries for over
a decade now. That's not the hard part.
Um anyhow, rant over.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, I understand. And uh I get
comments I get littered with comments
saying, "I can't believe Tesla's still
using lithium ion because I saw this
miracle battery yesterday and the whole
world's going to be on them in a year."
I'm like, that's not that's not how it
works.