Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why YL Takes the W - Live at 8:00am Pacific - Tesla Beat Podcast #150
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2wZENrZOcM
Published:   2026-07-03 06:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-04 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? Happy Living Free
anniversary, 250 years of America. Um
hopefully you all have a safe weekend,
especially firing off those fireworks
this weekend if that's what you do. Uh
but with that said, what a wild week uh
in the Tesla universe. Um more more
things potentially even coming next
Tuesday per Lars on the Herbert
interview. Um, but you know, we've had
also a full day to digest the numbers.
So, we're going to get into all of that.
Um, but how is everyone doing?
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. So, I'm out at uh the Go Fourth
Festival in Long View, Washington. Today
is the last day that you can meet David
Moss. Come to Long View, Washington,
have some fun. Ask us some EV questions.
Easy ones, hard ones, it doesn't matter.
And uh get a picture with me and David
Moss and then crop me out and you'll
have a great day.
We are going to be uh our club is been
invited again to do the parade in for
the city of golf. So that's going to be
pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Neat. Always a banger. Um with that
said, quick shout out. If you want to
look good as living free and futurazza,
um you should check out the link to 2C.
Uh it's by Insta 360. Uh really good
companion. um AI uh camera as well. So,
but with that said, let's jump into it,
guys. Let's get into it. All right, we
by the way, this is episode 150. So,
we're crazy to think that this has been
going almost three years. Um with that
said,
&gt;&gt; I know 150. So, with that said, um Tesla
stock is up day um is up a week over
week, but with that said, uh it was
hilar was at like probably like 420 um
as of
&gt;&gt; uh probably Yeah. Wednesday.
&gt;&gt; It Yeah, literally earlier this week and
then next thing you know, they they they
destroy destroyed the the analyst
numbers at 406 and produced what was it?
480 something or uh delivered 480
something like that, right? Or was it
460? Either way, uh let me get it. I
have I'd have to check. Oh yeah, 480.
They literally delivered 480. So they
destroyed it by 70,000
uh 80,000 and the stock goes down 8%. It
was everyone was like what? But that's
Tesla stock for you. Um and with that
said, also too, SpaceX
&gt;&gt; investing 101.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um, uh, SpaceX stock is up
about 8% week overw week. Um, so before
we get into some of the delivery
numbers, um, Joe, tell us about Y L.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, the Y L is here in the United
States. So, yeah, this is pretty cool,
man. Um, we knew it was coming. It was
inevitable, but it's still pretty good
that they did it around Fourth of July
weekend. So many people bought it
already. Uh, $61,990.
The launch series includes a year of FSD
supervised
a year of supercharging. That's pretty
cool. A year of premium connectivity,
plus your choice of any exterior paint
color, interior color, wheel option at
no additional cost. Yeah, the they do a
lot with these launch editions. That's
pretty cool. Uh Danny got one, our uh
our vice president of NorCal Reno. It's
got a usable third row, six seat layout,
the captain's chairs, 325 milesi of
range, vehicle to load, which is
actually a pretty awesome thing. Premium
front seats, power thigh extenders,
18 speaker audio system.
Yeah, it's it just
&gt;&gt; Joe, tell people what vehicle to load is
who may not know.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. So, when you go to the
bathroom, I'm just kidding. So, uh,
vehicle vehicle to load is, uh, when you
can power things externally from the
vehicle load out, right, Brian?
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right. You've got, uh, an
outlet. You've got a SE, you know,
outlets in the back, so you can just
plug in 110 one, you know, 120 and, uh,
especially if you're a contractor who
doesn't need a truck, but you do need
power tools, you can leave all your uh,
chargers and stuff back there so your
drill can juice up while you're going.
And if you've uh you know, if you've got
anything you want to do like camping,
you can plug anything in without goofy
adapters. It's great.
&gt;&gt; What did you guys think about the
announcement? And how do you think that
the YIL will do in the US?
&gt;&gt; The U the US is going to love this. I've
been saying this since last year. I've
been saying this is definitely coming.
And then when said, well, it'll come
out, you know, the end of next year if
ever. I said, h it's going to be sooner
than that. is probably this form factor
in is tailor made for the US. Have you
seen how big Americans are? It's
embarrassing. Uh so and I said, you
know, the retooling for the Model Y's
included some retooling for the Y L's.
So that it could just be built
everywhere. We saw samples of it in the
US. We saw uh samples of it in Germany.
So of course they're going to build it.
And especially with all the excess y
capacity we have in Texas, I said as as
recently as probably December, I said
it's going to be built. It's going to be
built in Texas. And then uh so when I
said it's definitely come to the US and
sooner than the end of the year and much
sooner than if ever. Uh I lost
subscribers say, "How dare you say
you're smarter than Elon?" I'm I never
said I'm smarter than Elon. said, "I
know what words mean and if ever has the
word if in it." And that's how you keep
people buying the current Model Y and
not waiting 6 months or 8 months to buy
a Y L. It's wonderful. I'm excited. It's
a heck of a car. I got to check it out
in China um this year, last year, this
year. And it works, man. It fits. So,
I'm excited.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is one of those things that
for China to have gotten first, it was
you could People were jealous, you know?
I mean, it was like it's a great
vehicle, especially with the hand
raising, the arm raisings, and it's the
thigh support like it. I mean, it's just
really, really well done vehicle. And
&gt;&gt; having a third row that you can actually
fit in. Kyle Connor's 6'2. He sat he
positioned all three rows where he could
sit comfortably and he fit. And you can
get into the third row without folding
seats. You can just climb back there if
you're sufficiently, you know,
&gt;&gt; awesome.
&gt;&gt; Have you guys sat in the third row of
the Model X, a six-seater? How does that
compare?
&gt;&gt; I haven't.
&gt;&gt; I have, and it's not as comfortable as
what the Model Y L seems to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. With the Model X six-seater, you
know, if you got decently long legs, you
kind of have to have your legs in the
middle between the second row. You
can't, you know, I can't sit in the
third row and have my seats behind the
captain's chair. So,
&gt;&gt; I think this will be a better
&gt;&gt; better fit for the third row.
&gt;&gt; And I wouldn't be surprised if this
becomes the most popular selling kind of
configuration of the car. You know, we
have the the launch version out now. In
a couple months, there'll probably be a
premium, you know, all-wheel drive
version for maybe 40, 53, 54, 55,000.
Uh, and we could even see a rear wheel
drive version for maybe 49K or something
like that. You know, I could definitely
see this being a great great family
vehicle for Americans who love big cars.
And um I imagine the cost the extra cost
to Tesla to build the longer, you know,
add the extra battery and build the
longer wheelbase is probably in the what
two $2 and5,000 range. So it it doesn't
there doesn't seem to be much of a
reason not to offer this in, you know,
the the standard or the the rear wheel
drive trim as well.
&gt;&gt; The biggest reason they were going to do
it, they were definitely going to do it,
is because the engineering is already
done. Yeah. We're all holding out hope
for a cyber rescue. Uh, it'd be great. I
think it would crush I think it would
out sell the cybert truck substantially,
but we haven't seen the engineering near
completion for that. Maybe that comes
out soon. Maybe that comes out next
year, but the Y is ready to go.
Ready to go. But yeah, I I think it's um
especially so I have not I've only seen
videos um you know several of the you
know US uh content creators have gone
out there and made some really good
content. Uh Brian, you've had experience
with it as well. Uh, so I haven't sit in
the third row, but honestly, um, seeing
the size comparison, it's like I think
it's only like 3 in smaller than the
Model X. And if the seating
configuration is better than the Model
X, like I said, Matt MDR said, um, that,
you know, in the third row, when I've
sat in the in the Model X third row, you
have to put your feet in the middle. So,
and already I've heard from multiple
people that the second row of captain
seats in the Model Y L feels better than
the X, which is kind of, you know, it's
disappointing cuz the the Model X was
such a great car for such a long time.
Uh, but with that said, um I'm I have
some really high hopes. Can't wait to be
able to do like a video on one and get
get in the back of one and and see it.
But it's definitely going to be a really
good option for people who, you know,
cuz when you think of some of these like
like a bigger version than a CRV, you're
talking like the Highlander, you're
talking um potentially the um some of
the like the 4Runners and if not bigger
than that, right? Rivian R1S. And if you
can't get up to some of those numbers,
this is going to be a great option to
get you the the full six seats and
comfortably. And you can also fold down
the seats. That was the other issue with
the Model X. is six-seater. You could
not fold down the second row. So, you
literally only had the middle to to kind
of stick um you know, large objects
through where you know with the Model Y,
you can fold two full rows down and use
that full back space. And again, you're
only talking probably 3 in. So, there's
a lot of great use cases for being able
to use um you know, uh it to like you
know um be able to be a utility vehicle
as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the Model X, John.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing to note, you know, while
the Model X is what, two or three inches
longer than the Model Y L, the wheelbase
in the Model Y L is three inches longer.
So, that 3 in is in the area, the very
usable area of um, you know, the
passenger compartment for the second and
third row. So, I think it's actually
might be, you know, slightly shorter,
but I think inside it, it's not really
going to feel any smaller than a Model
X.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. That's That's great. I
think I think that's because you know
you look at what 2016 so that means the
the Model X was developed probably in
2013 2014 so they've learned a lot since
then and that's why the the X is what it
was you know what I mean for it was
great for for that time period but the Y
you're looking at years of development
and tooling and figuring out spacing and
those three inches just made a
difference huge
huge.
Well, with that said, let's get into the
delivery numbers. Um, and I would love
to eventually pass this to Brian. U, but
just at the top, what do we have here?
So, Q2, this so this was actually the
largest uh record-breaking quarter for
Tesla. Um, you know, I think you have a
perfect storm here with gas prices,
um, with the end of the the line with
the S and the X. Uh but again, a lot of
reasons, but this was literally the
best, uh Q2 that they've ever had. So,
uh and a lot of people were sleeping on
it. Um and so I think um and with the EV
tax credit being gone, but they
delivered 480,000, they produced 452,000
and energy storage as well. I believe uh
this was the best energy um or the
second best energy either one of those.
Uh it was a huge storage uh deployment
quarter as well, but I'm going to pass
this to to Brian um about your analysis
and where you ended up on your your
forecast.
&gt;&gt; So this was a crazy quarter. Uh Wall
Street was saying 406 and even that
number a lot of other Wall Street
analysts were saying that's too high.
You really think they're going to grow
50,000 units in one quarter? Yes, of
course. Q1 historically the weakest
quarter. Um Q2 is better, but it's
nothing like Q3 and four. You've got
your summer bonanza sale. Everyone's
thinking about car buying in the summer
and into Q4. They want to finish out the
year strong. So this was uh 406. That's
a good number. All of us on YouTube and
X who actually analyze and crunch the
numbers had numbers much higher. We're
saying at 406, what are you talking
about? I was in at I think 431 in change
and I was the third highest on the list
that was surveyed. Um, and James
Stevenson was way out there. He was at
like 482. It came in at 481. He look got
to look like a genius for a day. And
James is a very, very smart guy. We were
not hyping. These are the numbers that
we see. Sometimes we're below others.
Sometimes we're above others. This is
fantastic. And what you had was in Q1 a
big buildup of inventory. 50,000 extra
units were made that were not sold. How
terrible is this? I've got a perception
that Tesla demand is dead. Right?
Because you're an idiot. That's not what
it is. They're just restocking inventory
that they drew down from the IRA
expiration. They got to get back up to
having something on the lots or in
transit so that if something happens and
demand spikes, they can sell it. What
would that be?
No one knows. Maybe gas prices going up.
Oh, that happened. Okay. So, we're going
to draw that inventory back down. We're
going to sell more than we made because
we made them last quarter because that's
just how the business works. So, we saw
very strong numbers out of the US, very
good numbers out of China and China's
exports continue to grow, entering new
markets, topping charts in markets. We
saw in Europe in many countries they
were up a bit and in some countries they
were way up. How on earth you get to a
number lower than 431, I don't know. And
of course, 480 is what we hit. Second uh
fourth best quarter of all time, best Q2
of all time. And the year is just
getting started. We're no longer
distracted by SNX. We could just move
units. And Y L is coming. That's going
to move some units as well. And uh who
knows, maybe we get more units. Maybe we
start counting big numbers of CyberCap.
We've got a big announcement coming July
7th. the story that this is over.
We knew it was nonsense. The numbers
back it up finally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My thought on these numbers was um
you know, it's been the perfect storm.
Um you know, obviously a lot of the
politic hangover is gone. The EV tax
credit has been gone since Q3 of last
year. Gas prices are at all-time highs.
And again, you know, FSD, like I said,
maybe there's a lot of people who may
not be buying full self-driving and like
I have a bunch of buddies who buy it
when they're on long road trips. They're
spending that extra $100 because um it
completely changes the game. So, they
may not be able to. But people are uh
it's not truthful to say that people are
they have no idea about FSD.
I would say that a lot of the people
that are jumping into these cars know
that that's why they're buying it and
they will you utilize it. um you know,
come those circumstances like where long
road trips. But either way, it's I think
there's several perfect storms that are
happening here. I'm I'm super bullish on
what they're going to be able to
accomplish the rest of the year,
especially, you know, um the the truth
is here even, you know, the Y is being
already produced and it seems like it's
probably only going to be at Giga Texas,
maybe potentially. Um I I have not heard
anything from Fremont, but the fact that
it was already produced at Texas uh
tells you that
um they're just just way ahead of it and
they've been tooling it and setting it
up for probably weeks if not months now.
Um so super excited to to see these
things on the road.
&gt;&gt; Fremont's going to make robots, John.
Stop being ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; Well, Fremont's already maxed out. Why
retool to produce fewer of something
you're already doing really well? Texas
has space. Texas has capacity. Put it
there. Uh, okay. So, we only have one
factory in the country making them
instead of two. I think we'll be okay.
&gt;&gt; We will be just fine. Um, so with that
said, um, this also dropped as well.
Joe, I'll pass this one to you.
&gt;&gt; Yes, steering wheels are optional. You
don't really need them. So, uh, the
engineering test of the first production
cyber cabin has begun in Austin. Like
Brian was saying earlier, it looks like
they're going to have some, uh, some
candidates out there and that's going to
be pretty awesome. But the other part of
that was the you knew it was coming
because they had a published first
responders guide for the cyber cab and
uh, Spencer
had went through and and uh, had
highlighted some things. It was a pretty
it's a pretty extensive booklet. Did you
go through it, Ryan?
&gt;&gt; I sure did. Um, and people Well, why are
they doing this? They didn't do it with
the Model Y robo taxi. Yeah, they did.
It's also on You can find it. I've read
that as well. Yeah, it's fascinating
because I don't know why they have to
reveal so much, why they're revealing
the voltage architecture and all the
other little things.
&gt;&gt; Uh, but the exciting stuff was seeing uh
what the structure of the vehicle is,
where all the strength is because they
need to know, they have jaws of life.
they need to understand what the
structural capacity is on all these
different uh elements of the car. And
yeah, it was pretty pretty fascinating.
Uh so yeah, I don't know how nerdy to
get on it, but uh folks can read it
themselves or ask Rock to do it. He
loves that stuff.
And actually, I think there was um
&gt;&gt; I think someone posted a photo, I think
uh where Tesla actually went out to I
think it was somewhere in Florida,
right, where they're actually meeting
with first responders to to walk them
through it. Um and you know, we'll get
into this later, but you know, Tesla
just expanded the robo taxi network to
Miami. Um, but with that living free of
course, uh, Tesla's celebrating 250
years. They have a Cyber Cab and a
Cybert truck wrapped. Um, and it looks
like even Yeah, that's a Model Y. Um,
and I someone I think it was David Moss
who saw the 250 uh year anniversary wrap
for the cyber cab. Looks super cool.
Like literally like a shark uh in the
front, which is pretty pretty bad.
Um,
&gt;&gt; I asked him about that. I said I said,
"Did they did they set that up for you?"
He said, "No, I was almost trespassing
when I saw it go by, so I jumped in the
car and chased it."
&gt;&gt; That makes more sense.
&gt;&gt; That freaking David, man.
&gt;&gt; All right, so um, anyone want to take
this one? Um, MDR, I know you have a uh
a hardware 3 as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, th those of you who have
a AI3 and an AI4 vehicle, you definitely
notice the difference in quality. The
last week, I've been driving an AI4 car
and the the FSD is far superior to to
what you get in in AI3. So, um,
releasing this uh V14 Lite to the AI3
vehicles is something that we've been,
you know, desperately needing for a long
time. So, I I have not received it yet,
but it sounds like it is going out. And
the initial initial reviews seem pretty
strong. So, I'll kind of reserve my
judgment until I can use it. But, we
know uh we know AI3 has to catch up. We
also know all those cars will need a
hardware upgrade at some point, and that
could take, you know, multiple years.
So, this is a nice little kind of stop
gap uh between now and then. what what
I've been saying to people about
hardware 3 before 14 light. I spent uh
three days with hardware 3 in December,
another four or five days in June uh
before hard before version 14 light.
What I told people who are telling me
it's terrible, it's disappointing, I
hate it, is you're right, it's only the
best system in North America and maybe
the world apart from hardware 4,
&gt;&gt; guys. It's really good. Uh so, uh
campaign problems, man.
&gt;&gt; And and version 14 light is the worst it
will ever be. It will get better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Put the list back up, John. So,
notable things here that are missing.
There's no Mad Max mode, no updated
visuals. They didn't update the visuals.
No parking visual squares. Uh no bigger
neural network. And it looks like uh no
FSD streaks or or uh it's not on the
FSD. uh the app is not updated. So,
those are little things, but for what
you get, like Brian's saying, like I
mean, choose your battles, right? This
is you don't have any other car that can
drive itself like this. And yeah, it's
not it's not V4, but guess what? It's
also not going to be I mean, it's not
hardware 4, but it's also not going to
be hardware 5. And people are going to
be upset when hardware 5 comes out and
they just bought their hardware 4
vehicle. It is what it is. I mean,
technology moves so fast and Tesla is
just moving at a clip that's like break
neck speed. So, it is what it is. Kudos
for for Ashak and the team to be able to
to give something that nobody else would
even give. You go buy a Toyota from from
18, nobody cares. You know what I mean?
Like, Toyota is not going to try and
update you later. They they leave you
alone. You bought it. They got their
money and and that's Tesla's doing
great.
&gt;&gt; We had a gal come by the booth yesterday
who had a Hyundai uh what did she have?
I don't remember. A Kia maybe. Uh
anyway,
&gt;&gt; garbage and she was on the highway
assist, but she wasn't on a proper
highway and it went ahead and just
rubbed into the barrier for her. And we
had to explain, uh yeah, that's not
really a good system. don't don't put
your faith in it. And so she's uh
looking to replace it. We're trying to
convince her to go electric, but she's
in an apartment, so it's not as easy. Uh
yeah, this is Oh, my gold is so heavy,
you guys. It's a great system.
Complaining is a perhaps a little out of
place. It doesn't have streaks. It
doesn't have some of those things. Were
those ever promised? Was that ever part
of it? That's a little add-on that we
just found out about like a month ago.
Uh, so it's okay to not have everything.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not. I need everything right
now. MDR, were you gonna say something?
&gt;&gt; No, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I thought you were
&gt;&gt; weak in their self-driving vehicles. Uh,
poor the struggle.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, uh, this was awesome,
too. Um, I I remember like I literally
did an interview with Andre who runs
Gigab Berlin um 3 or four weeks ago and
they had only publicly announced the
jump from 5,000 vehicles a week to
6,200.
Now um literally this month um and with
that jump it um allowed for another
thousand jobs. So they announced in the
past week that uh Giga Berlin will
actually be increasing the the volume
from their projected 6,200 to 7500
adding another thousand jobs in um in
October it sounds like. Uh so with that
said, you know, they're they're chiming
out and um Brian, you mentioned it
earlier, uh I think I've done four or
five posts now on like specific
countries like Germany, uh which
actually tripled the the sales there.
Sorry, quadrupled. Um went something up
insane. Um there are several other
countries like I think France um that
are just Europe is Europe is cooking
right now with with buying Teslas.
Sweden as well. Um, so, you know, again,
you know, I think people have a
short-term memory. Um, there's not a lot
of that hangover from last year and
you're seeing it happen and and I will
say that, you know, once FSD uh, you
know, gets to the 14 country adoption,
you will see people who it it's just
going to be a natural transition, right?
Because right now, if you go to Europe
in some of these countries that don't
have it, I think there's only five
countries right now. Maybe it's
increased,
but there's no difference between a
Tesla and, you know, a BMW as far as
like, you know, the the autopilot
capabilities, right? Because it's been
overregulated. Everybody's caught up to
where Tesla was 7 years ago. And so,
it's been a bottleneck and, you know,
strangulation by overregulation. And so
now FSD, you know, you go to um the
Netherlands, Estonia, Lithuania, again,
Denmark,
um and all I think it's Belgium too, but
either way, all these countries um and
now with FSD supervised, I mean, it's
just it's just, you know, nothing else
is going to make sense to get right. And
the biggest issue that Europe needs
right now, uh their biggest issue is
data. So, and that will come over time.
So, um it's really really exciting um to
see um as as uh you know, Giga Berlin
ramps to 7500 by end of the year from
5,000 today. Um and yeah, we'll see
where they end up. What impresses me is
when you get to a country that has a
very strong, long history of building
automobiles, Germany, Japan, even
France, these countries have domestic
cars that they've been brand loyal to
for generations. And then you're telling
me this new guy is going to show up.
Tesla's going to what? Go into Korea and
sell big numbers? Yes, that's what I'm
telling you. And it's happened in Japan,
in Korea, in Germany. And if you can
sell in your enemy's backyard, you got a
lemonade stand right on your worst
enemy's curb and you're doing good
business, that means your product is
exceptional.
Exceptional.
All right, Joe, tell us about semi
incentives.
You're on mute. You can get a semi for
for pretty cheap. These incentives are
pretty crazy. If Grock is to be
believed, the uh the semi is going to be
about 260 and some change. So, you're
looking at $120,000 off just in
California. I mean, there's there's
crazy rebates in New York and in New
Jersey I listed over here, but in
California alone, the the clean truck uh
and bus voucher is 120,000. the clean uh
fuel rewards is another $120,000.
&gt;&gt; It's like what? Even if this was a
$300,000 truck, that's $240,000. That's
pretty pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; The the Gro is pretty much right on.
What it is is it's 290 and then you can
take uh 240 off of that. I was going to
get a Y L, but I couldn't afford it so I
got a semi.
&gt;&gt; Good luck with Parkco.
Yeah, I I mean I imagine there's some
caveats where you have to use these for
commercial purposes, but how cool would
it be to build a like an RV or something
on the back of one of those?
&gt;&gt; Just need to make sure there's a mega
charger. Um, yeah. No, it's it's pretty
wild. I mean, with California already
being 50% cheaper to drive a semi than
other, you know, gas trucks, diesel
trucks, um, this is going to make it
even more affordable. And, you know, um,
yeah, so hopefully they can they can,
um, we already know they're producing
them, so hopefully this will just get
more of these on the roads. And
hopefully they'll build out this the
Mega Charger network, you know, quickly.
Um, I know there's a lot of companies in
California testing, so we'll be
interesting to see how this rolls out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right.
So, the the standard Cybertruck, I'm
starting to see them all over the place.
Um, I think it was the Cyber Rodeo where
Tesla actually brought one for them to
test out. Um, but um, the quick call out
is dry cathode. So, um, did you know
that the all-wheel drive dual motor um
ha has the actually 4680 cell? So, that
was I think pretty pretty shocking as
well, right Joe?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't I didn't know that Tesla
had posted that and and Brian shared the
uh to let you know that you have you
have the smugglers bay. It exists. You
just have to cut into to your truck bed
to get it. But, you know, I'm pretty
sure you could find some at like some
junkyard or whatever where they have
been trucks have been totaled and you
could just add that in because it's it's
pretty. There's not there's I think
there's only like six bolts and that
that whole thing comes out. So, it's
&gt;&gt; people on on Reddit somebody ordered the
parts for that. I can't I can't remember
the cost. I think it was a little over
$1,000 for the cost. So, I would imagine
we'll see see some people converting it.
Well, and the more of these they sell,
pretty soon you'll have an aftermarket
for them for the parts. So, you know,
who knows? Maybe it's 500 bucks from
Joah in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've already seen people install
the railings just buying some rails off
Amazon for like 70 bucks and installing
those. So, we'll see a lot of uh a lot
of aftermarket support for this vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can put in your own your own
the the tracks. Pretty sure that's what
they're called.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly what they're
called, Brian.
Elrax C.
&gt;&gt; All right, guys. So, what is pretty wild
is the uh Elon on I believe it was
Wednesday posted a photo of the him and
the whole um I think it was like the
people that are essentially building
out. Rushi here on the right from our
perspective if you're looking at this is
the uh general manager for all of uh
free the Fremont factory. Um and either
way they were they it looks like they
did like a walkthrough of the production
line and
um Elon commented about you know how how
they will ramp and he said no Optimus
production will be extremely slow at
first. Again this is not shocking with
any vehicle they do they say it's a very
slow ramp and then as everything uh you
know ramps it will get faster but this
also is new muscle memory for them.
They've obviously built, you know, a
bunch of cars, but for them, this is,
you know, uh, really going to be the
first time that they're building the
humanoid robots. So, that's why they're
testing it out because the talent, you
know, typically they they'll build the
things in Fremont in some form before
they ship it out to the rest of the the
um the other factories. Uh, but this is
not going to be turned on like
overnight. So, uh, we will see how this
this goes. But what did you guys think
about, you know, this update this week?
&gt;&gt; As expected.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I don't think there's any
surprises. I think uh the greater
public, you know, you start you see all
these things from Unitry and and all and
all the other uh humanoid bots that are
out. But what you don't see is is what
we know Tesla's capable of, right? They
just they manufacture at a higher clip.
They they do things that people aren't
able to do. And we already know the
hands are better than than everybody
else in the industry and the brain is
Grock and Grock is just crushing it. So
nobody really has the brain. So there's
a lot of things that that this is the
robot's going to be better than anything
else. But you have everybody that's
making their videos and doing all this
stuff and and oh, we're working for
Amazon and we're doing this and and all
these things are great, but the, you
know, the sleeping giant is is optimist.
And I think I think they know it and
they're aware, but they're trying to put
out whatever they can and get whatever
sales they can before, you know, the
Optimus becomes like the Model Y of the
robot industry. The highest caliber
haters I'm encountering in the comments
on social media on X are saying it's no
Boston Dynamics. And I say that's a good
thing. Boston Dynamics spent 20 years
building an amazing parkour demo whose
only purpose was to raise additional
funds and it succeeded. But SoftBank
just sold their 10% share back to
Hyundai at a valuation a market cap
valuation of only $3 billion. That's
quite a bargain. No one would pay over
that for SoftBank shares. That's
correct. Because as good as Hyundai's
manufacturing is, as good as this
prototype is, what they do not have is
the AI brain. And without a brain, it's
not worth anything. You can train it to
do a single task, but it's not
versatile. If you want a singlepurpose
robot, buy a singlepurpose robot.
They're wellestablished, extremely
robust. they'll last you forever instead
of trying to get all this use out of
this guy. And I don't know, man. It's
just like if you don't understand the
value of the AI, of the brain, of the
ability to do a variety of tasks, you
are not qualified to be part of this
discussion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the biggest takeaways that
I took um from the Herbert and Jeff Lutz
interview, I was sitting behind the
scenes just filming it. Um, but were
three three things and I think I
mentioned this last week, so sorry if
I'm being a dead horse. The three things
that will continue to keep Tesla ahead
from a robotic from an Optimus humanoid
robot is they own manufacturing and
supply chain already. They are the the
the leader in real world AI. They do it
with cars. So now they're they're doing
it with, you know, what is it like to
walk around in a factory? What is it
like to, you know, walk the streets?
What is it like to walk, you know, a
business center? all all of those
things. And then the third thing was the
actuator, the manufacturing for the
actuators. They're already doing it for
the car. So those three things alone
where they're already kind of building a
robot on wheels, they're going to be
able to utilize that same supply chain
manufacturing that talent, the
actuators.
Um, and they already have, whether it's
Grock or the, you know, pure vision that
they have, the Tesla vision, they're
going to be able to use all of all of
that to tackle um all um really building
human cumoid robots. And as Brian said,
if you don't have the brain, if it's not
going to be able to grow, then um it
really means nothing. And the crazy
thing is, you have two things, right?
Tesla, it's the pure vision and then you
have Grock which is also going to be
able to be those two things paired
together is going to make it really
unstoppable and nobody is going to be
you know they have one aspect they might
have the you know the the chatbot AI
they don't have you know the real world
AI that's deciphering you know oh it's a
stop sign or oh there's a dog walking
and all those things so I think that
alone is just going to set them way
ahead
All right, Joe. This is a more of a
SpaceX update, but what's happening,
man?
&gt;&gt; They're uh they're doing some static
fire of Starship 40 getting ready for
man, dude. Freaking SpaceX is just like
so awesome.
I mean, they've been crushing it for
years. I was talking to somebody
yesterday about like uh they were
talking about investing and and how
SpaceX has been doing this and I was
talking about how uh Wall Street just
doesn't get it until they are hit over
the head with it so long and luckily for
them SpaceX have been doing it for like
a decade before before it IPOed so then
everybody was like yes
whereas you know you see Tesla is I mean
they sell cars now but I mean they are
is evolving to such a bohemoth of a of a
company that I don't think people really
grasp it. And so that's why you have
this flat of the stock for the past like
what what's it been what's it been five
years freaking crazy
since 2021. Wild.
&gt;&gt; All right, last section but u we flew
through this but um the upbeat what is
this Joe? This is our fast rapid news
segment. We only got MDR for five more
minutes. He should go first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we'll hit them maybe we'll hit
him with two topics then. All right. So,
Tesla launches in Uruguay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you can now buy Teslas in
Uruguay. It's a pretty small uh market.
One thing about the Uruguayan market is
they're already selling a lot of EVs. I
can't remember the percentage, but I
think it's high teens or or something
like that. So, um that's primarily with
Chinese-made EVs. So, people are already
adopting them. Um, so yeah, we'll see.
We could we could see small number of of
sales out of Uruguay, but you're
talking, you know, singledigit thousands
a year, but more countries the better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, seriously. All right, we're going
to hit you with one more. Robo taxi now
in Miami.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so Miami is a great town for robo
taxi. I was just talking to one of my my
friends this morning who who lives in
Fort Lauderdale who's going to drive
down there this weekend and and try and
take one. Um, you know, the nice thing
about Florida outside of the, you know,
the hurricane season, the weather is
always good. You can, it's pretty flat.
You know, it's an easy easy city to to
map. Um, you know, obviously Tesla
didn't hit its goals of of releasing
robo taxi, and I think they projected
like five or six new markets um at the
end of in the in the Q4 earnings call um
that would be re that would be available
by um you know, June 30th. So, they
didn't hit that, but they they did add,
you know, Houston and Miami, and we'll
see hopefully by the end of the year
more cities. Per personally, I don't get
super excited about each individual
city. What I what's going to get me
excited is just having a lot more
vehicles in in the cities that are
already in.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, around here in in Seattle,
we've seen cyber cabs being tested in
Seattle, Belleview, Kirkland, Redmond,
uh, which is huge. I I mentioned this I
don't know half dozen times on this pod,
but Seattle is the most expensive ride
share market in the world. So we've had
the World Cup here the last couple years
and uh you know I've talked with a lot
of Australians, Egyptians, um people
from Bel uh Belgium and Qatar and they
cannot believe the cost of an Uber. Um,
to put in perspective, I was at my
sister's house in in Seattle in Queen
Anne, which is essentially downtown,
just, you know, quarter mile north of
downtown. We took an Uber to the stadium
for the World Cup game, which is a
quarter mile south of downtown. We're
talking less than a mile or maybe mile
ride, and it was $38 for an
&gt;&gt; And that's that's normal. That's not
surge pricing.
&gt;&gt; That is not normal. Is that Well, my
question is, is it because there's a
bunch of taxes that they're added on top
or is it
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Uber drivers get the the city
council passed these regulations where
Uber drivers are treated as employees.
So, they essentially get they're
guaranteed at least minimum wage just
for being logged into the app. Um, so it
was designed to pay Uber drivers more.
The thing that's happened is we the
number of ride share rides has actually
decreased. So, fewer people are taking
ride shares. Um, so the Uber drivers,
even though they get paid more per ride,
the average Uber driver is making less
money. Um, and it's, you know, obviously
it's not good if people are not taking
ride share and they're, you know, aren't
going places and spending money or
driving when they're tired or distracted
or whatever the case may be.
&gt;&gt; And that guaranteed minimum wage is like
$18 bucks.
&gt;&gt; I It might even be more by now. I think
Seattle minimum wage is like $23 or
something. I I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and also uh could you I'm
going to turn around the screen. It's
just going to ask you a question real
quick.
&gt;&gt; How dare you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm paying you more than my plumber.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you know having robo taxes
in Seattle is going to be very positive.
You know, the the average Seattle person
is pretty anti- Elon uh these days. And
that will change really quickly when you
can take an a robo taxi for $10 to the
airport instead of paying $120 to Uber.
Uh it's very common that people post
online that their Uber from, you know,
Seattle to the airport costs more than
their flight from the, you know, Seattle
airport to wherever it is they're going.
&gt;&gt; Crazy, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it's it's one of those things
where um and you guys can have differing
opinions of this, but it's also it's
like the false advertisement. Oh, we're
going to guarantee you something. But
then you realize like when you sign up
for those regulations or those those
things come through, they're they're not
as good as it was advertised, right?
Like sometimes when you unionize
workers, right? Like what's happening
with Tesla, uh especially in Nevada, it
was, you know, they were trying to
unionize them, but those workers make
way more money if I mean, you're talking
multiple X's, like two, three times
Yeah. 2x the uh typical union worker.
And so, you know, again, let let the let
the let the numbers just define what
they should be versus being like forced
to do something. Uh, but it's really,
you know, I I'm I'm not shocked that's
that's happening in Seattle, but
we'll see. And the one thing
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Matthew. We'll see you
later, man.
&gt;&gt; Take care, guys.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian. This one is to you.
The Lion's Den, man. The lion's den
legend speaks to Dan Odow.
&gt;&gt; So what David did is uh gave him all the
rope he wanted and said, "Hey, if you
feel like uh pulling a David Keredine
and dying the way you live, uh do dying
doing what you love. Uh then you could
do that, I suppose." And uh David just
let him talk, which is uh great. David
doesn't have all the intimate details of
all the Ross Gerber incident, but James
Stevenson does. James Stevenson tore
this apart. Uh Dan Odow told David it
the vehicle ran a stop sign. It was
going 37 miles an hour. We had to
screech to a halt. Zero parts of that
are true. The stop sign is 30 ft back
from the stop line. The vehicle said uh
stop, you know, slowing to stop. Ross
Gerber's foot was on the pedal so it
would skip the stop sign and just go to
the stop line. All of that not true. So
it's uh ridiculous. And Dan knows he
knows that he's playing a character.
It's clear because anyone who's
interviewed him will tell you he's a
normal dude until the camera's rolling
and then he puts on the grumpy McGrump
face and uh tells you that the sky is
falling and makes this false choice that
you have to choose between imperfect
software and perfect software. And
anyone who knows anything about software
knows there's no such thing as perfect
software. Well, well, Dan Doubt sells
the perfect software.
&gt;&gt; When you start project,
&gt;&gt; yeah, why did he call it the Dong
Project? No. When you start with a lie,
I have to assume everything else you say
is a lie. And that's where Dan starts.
And it's unfortunate, but uh he told
Tesla early on, "You must buy my
software. Everyone buys my software. And
if you're going to build it in house,
you will fail." And it feels like he's
saying because you didn't buy my
software, I'm going to prove that you're
a failure by making you fail. And that's
like, you know, I've seen mean streaks a
mile wide, but I don't know if I've ever
seen something like this. That's what's
going on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The bitter the bitter.
&gt;&gt; Well,
shout out to uh David for jumping in and
doing that. I mean, he's just went
straight forward. I wouldn't even be
wasting my time with something like
that. But shout out to him for taking
the time hearing him out um and for the
others jumping on top of it to kind of,
you know, share the history or share
some of the facts of like the Ross
Gerber drive for example.
All right, Joe Whimo, no Phoenix.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, no more no more Phoenix, Arizona
Whimo. It's pretty cool. But
&gt;&gt; don't worry, robo taxi is coming.
&gt;&gt; Why? What happened?
&gt;&gt; The Waybo robot tax are no longer
available in Phoenix on the Uber app,
ending in the early nearly a three-year
partnership. Both companies confirmed.
&gt;&gt; Right. Oh, right. Right. The Whimos are
still there. They're just not on Uber
because we don't need you because you
didn't bring anything to the party
except your markup. Goodbye. Goodbye,
Uber. Thank you for joining us.
&gt;&gt; And now everybody has a download of
freaking Whimo.
Yeah, it was all right, Brian. Doll
heads beware.
&gt;&gt; Maybe that's what it's for. Uh, so this
is when I saw this is like, well, we've
got this patent that does facial
recognition. And I'm thinking, are you
going to try and make it so wives and
nephews and my buddy who's never tried
FSD can't try it? It can't be that
because I paid for it for the car. It's
tied to the car. Maybe it's to allow it
to unlock the car to know who's driving
rather than just who has their phones in
the car. Uh maybe it's to prevent to to
look who's in the seat and prevent uh
you know a 10-year-old from trying to
take the car. Maybe it's trying to
prevent theft. Uh but maybe, just maybe,
it's trying to prevent those people who
have found that tiny 3D printed
figurines of themselves may be able to
trick the camera. I don't know what's
going on. Uh there are a lot of options
and I'm confident they'll do something
that isn't terrible and stupid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I can't imagine it that uh it's
for anything other than uh facial
recognition for maybe getting into the
vehicle or whatever. China has been
doing that for for a while now and I
could see something like that because if
anybody's ever been to a Tesla service
center and or showroom, they want you to
try FSD. They're not gonna make
everybody create a profile and put their
photo up to have them be authenticated
for this. So, I I don't think it's for
the doll thing. I think that just made
really great headlines. Uh Mars did say
that he had talked to somebody and it
looks like they are going to tie it to
the profile FSD now instead of the
vehicle. So, that's going to be pretty
cool.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it will be. Um, but yeah, with that
&gt;&gt; Brian's not sold.
&gt;&gt; Well, we have multiple drivers in the
house. If they want me to spend $400 a
month on FSD, that's I we would just
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think they would do that. I
I think they would probably a lot for
multiple driver, multiple profiles under
an account because you would there's no
way.
&gt;&gt; They'll have to. My my assumption is
it's mainly it's kind of like as they
potentially um you know I think if you
think of like Uber and t Uber andyft
they do check-ins as well. So I would
assume that they're going to have to do
that but there's no way I mean I hope
they don't do like if I buy a vehicle
that they literally charge uh FSD per
person but we'll see. There's clearly
you know Tesla is thinking about this
stuff. It's good that they're doing the
facial recognition because um that may
happen. They'll need it. It all of the
companies do it in some form for
check-ins. So,
&gt;&gt; we'll see what they end up doing.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, with that said, we um
you know, with the crazy week uh right,
Robo Taxi launching in Miami, Model Y
Lunching here in the United States in
Puerto Rico along with
&gt;&gt; crazy delivery numbers for 480 versus
406.
Optimus check-in from Elon as well at
the Fremont factory. So, a lot lot going
on. Um but with that said, you know,
funny enough, we blaze through stuff.
So, just a quick upcoming things as
well. Um, you know, check out our weekly
Substack, um, also too, um, looks like
Northern Drone Lights, um, you know,
will be doing our, um, XT takeover drone
show. So, that that's all coming. Uh, we
had about 800 drones um about, uh, last
year. They're going to target about
1,100. So, last year we had $2 million
worth of drones. This year it's going to
be 3 million. Um, couple of quick other
things. Check out the uh TOSSV swag and
OITE. Um, I don't have my flashlight.
It's literally out this door. Um, but if
you want a flashlight that looks kind of
like Joe right now, um, that literally
has the stars and stripes. It's a
special edition. Super cool. You can
kind of see it. The Arc Pro Ultra.
really cool um utility to just carry in
your Tesla, especially for the
summertimes and late nights in case
something happens. They're great. Uh but
with that said, please patronize MDR,
Matthew DR, Futurazza, and Living Free.
Um they spend time every single week
being here and they're um again, crazy
to think, you know, we've been here 50
episodes. Uh, so we love, you know, kind
of giving you the latest beat on the
things, the pulse of what's going on
every Friday. Um, and crazy how
everything drops on Thursday. So, but
with that said,
&gt;&gt; do not blow your arm off, people. Be
safe with the fireworks.
&gt;&gt; Please be safe.
&gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. Please be safe. And we
will catch you guys all on July 10th.
Um, and who knows, we'll be discussing
whatever is going to be announced July
7th. So, have a great week everyone. And
we will catch you on the next one.