Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Germany Political Period
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WEosCNIHG8
Published:   2026-07-08 20:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Germany is in one of its most important
and decisive political periods
since 1945. It goes through a transition
right now that could change everything.
And I want to make the point today that
Germany's fate might get decided this
September in a very decisive election
that can have huge ripple effects. So
let's get started and go through this so
you are up to date what's happening
there. So first of all, we all heard
about the disastrous mistakes that this
person Muti Merkel uh the chancellor of
Germany did in n in 2015 when she opened
illegally, by the way, the borders of
Germany to millions and millions of
Middle Eastern refugees. She did that
against the law, by the way. It was a
weird decision that pushed Germany into
turmoil. And since then things are
looking pretty bad. So that was a very
very bad thing. And in addition to all
of that, besides the disastrous
migration policy that's now haunting
Germany and of course all of Europe, but
also Germany, there's a second dimension
that puts Germany into a very very
difficult position and that is energy.
So here you see household electricity
prices, Germany versus France versus
Sweden. And as you can see, Sweden is
the red line. So Sweden is much much
cheaper. Right here you see 20 cents per
kilowatt hour approximate in 2026 and
Germany nearly double that. Like let
that sink in. Double the electricity
cost for an enormous industrial economy.
And as you can see here why that peak of
course Ukraine and the Russia war and
then the pipeline attack on Europe's
largest pipeline Nordstream to Germany.
Russia connected where Russia
exports gas into Germany. That pipeline
was destroyed in a terror attack. Now it
turns out it was Ukrainian military
doing that in German uh waters in the uh
Baltic Sea
and very likely with approval of the
United States that is being investigated
right now but the government of Germany
tries to not investigate it. So it's an
absurd situation that the opposition of
course is using. But the end effect of
all these things is exactly what you see
here. A absolutely disastrous situation.
Sweden much better managed in terms of
energy. France of course famously having
a lot of nuclear energy and Germany not
just blowing up or allowing to blow up
their gas imports but also blowing up
their own nuclear power plants for
ideological reasons. the Green Party. By
the way, Merkel, she is she was in the
CDU. She's still in the CDU, the
Christian Democrats, the so-called
conservatives, but she used to be a
Green Party member. Most people don't
know that. So, she's very ideological,
and she was all for blowing up the power
plants, which they literally did. So,
Ukraine blew up with US permission their
gas imports, and the Germans blew up
their nuclear capabilities with, of
course, predictable outcomes that energy
is going through the roof. And now this
is the situation pushing the German
economy into turmoil. And you see here
an estimated uh an estimated uh
prediction or projection how energy
would look like uh if
we would have nuclear in Germany if we
had cheap Russian gas and with gas and
nuclear. So the price instead of 20 38
cents would be 24 cents. That is a very
massive difference. One-third lower
prices. Okay. Then we have of course the
also disastrous policy that is connected
to the energy problem where Germany is
on the front lines, no pun intended, of
pushing its military preparedness
against Russia. So the spending of
Germany is going through the roof,
literally through the roof. Massive
increase, doubling of military spending.
And that is of course not very smart for
the economy. Then you have things like
everyone knows like the world champion
in regulations. That's not very good for
the economy. Then you have the wokeness
problem. I'm just going through all the
problems in Germany. This is the German
parliament. And if you think the United
States and the Democrats are woke, look
at these people. That is the left in
Germany in the parliament. They're
dressing in rainbow flags
wellcoordinated just to drive it home
what's going on there. So people are not
happy and all of that is now culminating
in Mertz. Chancellor Mertz being the
least liked chancellor in the history of
Germany, including the bad Austrian
painter, of course. Uh I mean, no one
knows what the approval for him was in
1945. Probably low, but probably not as
low as Mr. Mertz. So, an unbelievable
13%
approve of this chancellor, which is
abysmal. If you think Trump was bad or
Biden's numbers were bad, I mean, 13%
must be the lowest in the world. And no
wonder he is the crying chancellor. This
this image was a big deal in Germany. I
don't know where he was. I think he was
in Israel and started crying. Not very
good. You don't want a chancellor who
cries around in public to show off his
tear tearing capability. And the results
from all of that is Germany is now in
absolute term oil and in a cultural
moment that is challenging for the
country. Here you see the percent of
immigrants in German cities and you see
what's going on right you see in ofbach
for example next to Frankfurt 66%
twothirds of the city are immigrants.
Frankfurt, the most important financial
hub in continental Europe, now over 50%
uh foreign people. And you see that all
over the map. You see it even here in
Munich, very important hub. in Bavaria
of course in Nuremberg nearly 50% here
over 50% in Berlin and the capital 40%
and only the east some parts of the east
are uh not that bad but even in Dston
and Leipik you have close to 20%
foreigners so of course Germany is not
an immigration uh country never was and
that is not something anyone is prepared
for and it has massive consequences here
you see an overview over the uh
different states in Germany and the
percentage of people with migration
background you see a clear difference
between the east and the west of course
that is well known so the east has much
lower rates for many reasons but the
west you see Hessen for example Benwood
very important very very important uh
states here is Porsche Mercedes and so
on here is Frankfurt in the banking
system uh the airport one of the largest
airports in Europe is here 31% of the
entire population is now non-German
non-German ancestry
interesting problems at the same time
and that's what many don't know because
often the politicians say well we need
all these crazy amounts of immigration
because we need specialized workers
first of all the people who are coming
in the vast majority are not specialized
workers they're illegal immigrants and
asylum seekers who have literally no
skills in average and also the median
has absolutely no skills bills. But at
the same time, all of that, the bad
economy, but especially also the
cultural shift that leads to a lot of
people who are not German being in
Germany, crime, of course, absolutely
skyrocketing, sexual assault
skyrocketing,
and the conflict in the population
skyrocketing. So, it becomes a very
toxic atmosphere and all of that leads
to people leaving Germany, for example,
me, but also many, many others. And
these people tend to be not the people
you want to have your country leave. It
tends to be entrepreneurs. Tends to be
younger people. It tends to be high
performers. And it needs to be the
famous special
special purpose workers and specialists.
Exactly the people that Germany doesn't
have enough and therefore claims it
needs all the migration leads to exactly
these people leaving the country. And we
have record numbers. Record numbers uh
this year a record year. And here you
see who is actually moving you know the
dark blue line is the net effect the net
immigration of Germans from Germany. And
here you see the age. Okay. And what you
basically see so here's positive people
moving into Germany who are Germans and
people moving out of Germany. And this
blue line here is tells you the net
effect on Germany. And what you see is
where is the peak? Well, between 20 and
40 years old. That is exactly who you
don't want to have move out. These are
the people who are net contributors to
the system. 20 to 50, 20 to 60. And
that's exactly the peak. So it's not
retirees. It is 20 year olds to 50 year
olds. So that is the problem. Now all of
that has led to this revolutionary
moment in Germany. As you probably have
heard, the AFD, the alternative for
Germany, for Deutseland, is now at 29%.
Let that sink in. The largest political
party by an enormous distance is now the
one party that all the other parties say
is bad, bad, bad, bad, cannot be voted
for. You see down here the election
results of the last election in Germany,
20.8% for the AFD, now up to 29%.
That is pretty huge. You see the CDU and
the CSU, the union, not a union, not not
a union, not a labor union. This is the
basically the Republicans or the Tories
if you're in UK of Germany. They have
shrunk from 28.5%
to 22% under Merz, which is the absolute
worst result of the CDU and CSU since
1945 or since 1948 whenever they were
like re-established.
Uh the SPD completely devastated also
used to be that's the Democrats kind of
here's the Republicans, here's the
Democrats, SPD's labor, the union here.
This is the Tories.
Tories, Republicans, SPD's Labor,
Democrats. That's what you're seeing
here. They are getting annihilated. The
Greens, uh, this is a German specialty.
So, the Greens, that's the crazy party.
That's drive, that's the most
ideological party, the most radical left
outside these people. We'll talk about
the link in a second. The Gruna and SPD,
they are always doing things together.
Of course, the Republicans here, the the
CDU is also uh in a coalition with the
SPD and also likes the Greens because of
Merkel. Long story, but it makes no
sense as you can imagine. That is like,
you know, the Republicans being big
Bernie Sanders fans and AOC fans. It
makes no sense. And that gave rise to
the AFD that is now absolutely dominant.
Then you have the linker. Very
important. Delinker is a special
phenomenon. Delinker are hardcore
communists.
Not in the sense in the derog derogatory
sense that some Republicans call
Democrats commies. They are actual
communists. They are proud to be
communist. They're singing the communist
hymn. And most importantly, Delinka is
the successor party of the SED which was
the single party of the communist
dictatorship in East Germany. So I'm not
kidding. That's the successor the direct
successor party. It's not like a
conspiracy or something. That is
literally what it is. The SED when the
wall came down was rebranded to
Delinker, which means the left. And they
have all these old people in there who
order to shoot people in the back when
they leave Germany. And they still talk
about shooting people. So they are a
little hardcore. Um, and they are not
like the SPD and Greens. They are true
radicals in the real sense, not in a
American AOC sense or something. These
are like commies.
Then you have the BSW. long story but
they are not important anymore. You have
the FTP which used to be the
libertarians but now they're
marginalized and that is the situation
and that is explosive because there is
this theory in Germany. I'm giving you
the full context and then we go to why
this is so decisive. Now there is this
theory it's not a proven theory but the
theory is once the AFD reach reaches
30%. And the CDU reaches 20%. the 2030
flipping point, tipping point. That is a
very big moment, very likely in German
culture and politics because we have to
understand that all these parties,
they're called the old parties versus
the AFD. All of these parties are
ganging up on the AFD and say the AFD is
not democratic. Now, there's zero basis
for that. It's simply saying we don't
like these people and we want to shame
everyone who votes AFD by just saying
they're not democratic. Which is a weird
way to say if you vote wrong then you're
not democratic. It sounds more like the
people who say you're not allowed to
vote for certain people are the ones who
are not democratic. But no one cares
about logic here. That is what it is.
And that strategy, it's called the
firewall, that everyone can form
coalitions with everyone else, but
you're not allowed to form a coalition
with the AFD because why not? There is a
firewall because the AFD is the only
party that actually wants things to run
fundamentally differently from the
consensus of all these other parties. So
there's a lot of hate going on there,
but that has driven the AFD from 20.8%
8% to 29 because the population of
Germany thinks why am I swamped with
migrants that no one wants here? Why are
we getting destroyed on the economy? Why
are we preparing a war against Russia
that literally no one wants? Why is that
happening? And all of these parties
except maybe for the Linka, the CDU, the
Greens, the SPD, the FDB, they're all
saying we need the war. We need to
destroy the economy and we need to swamp
Germany and migrants. This is just
necessary. and there can't be a
discussion. So the FD is saying, "No,
that makes actually no sense." The other
parties then say, "You're all Nazis." Of
course, without any kind of argument,
it's just what it is. Uh, and that's the
situation.
Very interesting. By the way, if you
split Germany up into West Germany and
East Germany, West Deutseland and O
Deutseland,
including Berlin, the picture is even
more clear. East Germany and West
Germany are still different cultures.
The East Germans went through communism
after Nazi Germany and then in 1990 the
wall came down. They were reunified. But
the East Germans have are the only
Germans in history in in recent history,
last 500 years history or maybe in all
of history that actually had a
successful people-driven revolution. And
that is very important for the mentality
in East Germany. They went on the
streets and said we are the people
famously and they helped bring down the
wall by starting these mass protests
against the communist regime and won
importantly right that's the point it's
not that no German ever tried a
revolution but that never ended well
that was the first generation and part
of Germany that was successful in this
revolutionary attempt they also had very
direct comparisons of a totalitarian
state versus a kind of every state in
the west. And so they have a higher
self-esteem. They have a feeling of like
maybe we are in charge of this country.
Maybe it's not totally solid, but they
think more like it's kind of our
country, you know, it's our states, our
cities. And they also know propaganda
much better than the West Germans
because they have experienced propaganda
firsthand. propaganda media, media that
colludes behind the scenes to bring
certain messages out that make actually
no sense. They went through devastating
economics when the media told them, "No,
no, you're just crazy. It's amazing. Our
little communist state, we have
everything we need." But then you go to
the store and it's all empty. So they
are used to being propagandized and they
are much more aware. And so the East
Germans say, "Wait a moment. You're
telling me everything is fine. There's
nothing to see here. Russia bad,
migrants good, economy bad, I mean bad
to have money. I don't think so. I think
that's wrong. Whereas the West Germans
are a little bit like, okay, if that's
Yeah, if Russia is bad and migrants are
good and money is not good for me, I
mean, makes sense. The media says it.
And that explains why we have such a big
difference between these two regions.
Look at this. 40% that's a lot. 40% is
the FD in East Germany in average. That
is a very big deal because it's
basically becoming at at at probably you
don't need 50% for the absolute majority
by the way because if these people have
under 5% they are not in the parliament
and many of them don't have 5% in the
different state parliament. So you're
talking about the absolute majority
around 43%. As a rule of thumb and so
the AFD is now extremely close for to
create a single party rule in East
Germany which is huge. It would be the
first time someone can actually do
something and completely democratically
very scary for the other parties and
even in West Germany they are the
leaders but of course not by that much.
So that is the big picture situation. It
is dramatic. We have to understand this
is dramatic. The AFD is also an
interesting party. It's a very complex
party. It's not the same as reform. It's
also not the same as Restore. It's
definitely not the same as Republicans
and MAGA or just MAGA or it's also not
like America first. This is a highly
organized political party that is kind
of on the same page internally. Of
course, they are like debates, but this
is an effective party, not a chaotic
thing. And
it is a very interesting situation.
They're also probably less willing to
compromise compared to the Sweden
Democrats in Sweden, for example, that
they're accused to be more too moderate
and like doing all kinds of things that
no one who votes for them really liked,
which is expected, right? You get into
the government in Sweden, for example,
and then you water everything down. Here
the situation is if the AFD would rule
alone, it doesn't need to do that. And
second, the structure of the party, the
seriousness of the German situation and
the seriousness of the people in the
party implies that there might not water
the whole thing down too much.
So that is the situation. And now we get
to the point of this video that is so
important. There is an election. There's
an election. Hey, on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. Here I
have a nice little children's map for
you guys so we make it more fun. This is
Deutseland and here are the different
states
and here you see this is Meckllinburgg
for Pomon. Here is the border to
east and west right you have Tingia
Sonia you have Brandenburg you have
Berlin you have Meckllinburg for Pomman
and then you have West Germany here and
here this
lilac state Makdeborg Vittenber and Hal
this is the state of Zaken anhal Saxonia
I don't know anhal anhal uh so it's like
a little saxony this is s this This is
the real Saxony and this is Saxony
unhalt and that state has an election on
September 6th of this year which is very
soon. It is very soon. It is in 8 weeks
or something like that. Uh so what is
happening there? First of all, let me
tell you a little bit about Zaxa. We
make it very quick. This is Vittenber.
This is a beautiful church. Why is this
so important? This dude here, his name
is Martin Luther. You might have heard
of him. Martin Luther is the inventor of
Protest Protestantism. So, he's the guy
back in the day in the 1500s who wrote
his 95 thesis. Do I have them here?
Yeah. The 95 thesis. You can't read
them, but it's 95 sentences that say
certain things about the Catholic Church
and Christianity and faith which were
not supposed to be said about the
Catholic Church. He took these uh thesis
and nailed them on the door of this
beautiful church in Mark Debborg in
Vittenberg sorry in Zaxon Anhal and
that's depicting the scene. This is the
actual door. This is a photo of the
famous door where Christianity split
globally. I mean there was Orthodox but
that's a different thing. But in the
Europe central and western European
sphere including then later America and
England and all these places that is
where it happens on this door he
invented Protestantism and said maybe
the pope is wrong and so this is a very
important state you could argue there
you know they created problems before in
case you don't know religious history it
was a major problem to invent
Protestantism it had giant effects on
the world you know that American America
is not Catholic mostly. So Martin Luther
is an important man and he came from
there and that revolutionary spirit
maybe is a little bit still there in
that state. That's why I like East
Germany. They have a great history. They
have Prussia. No one is allowed to talk
about that. They have of course the
amazing state of Saxonia. They have
Tingia, another amazing state. G Shilla,
they're all from there. Johan Sebastian
Bach, maybe you like music from Dston,
they have this amazing history. But
Zakan Anhal is the homestead of Martin
Luther, a very important man in the
history of humanity and the West. And so
here's what's happening there. The
surveys, the polls show that Efd and Sax
Nanal is now at 42%.
Let that sink in. I told you 43% is the
absolute majority. They're 1 percentage
point away from absolute majority. And
if the SPD, by the way, falls below 5%.
So 1% to go down then 40 42% is already
enough because these 6% drop out of the
equation and so you can tell how severe
the situation in East Germany is
specifically in Zakanhal because all the
old parties are done. If you are under
5% you're not in parliament. You're out
you're not part of the not just of the
government. You're out of parliament.
And so if SPD is also out you only have
three parties remaining. the
conservatives or fake conservatives, the
CDU, the AFD, the alternative, which is
by the way pretty much the same
program-wise as the CDU except for
Russia and EU. But on all other things,
they're pretty much the same
only that the theory is the FD is not
lying. And the CDU is definitely lying
as we see with Merz. So they're both
conservative. They're saying less
migration, remigrate everyone who
doesn't belong to Germany, which is
millions of people, make sure we have a
good economy, make sure we have lower
taxes, lower regulations, make sure to
not be insane. The problem is the CDU
promises it and does the exact opposite.
Not like in the United States where
people lie a little bit and then they
give some money to their relatives and
stuff like that. If you're a politician,
the CDU is very extreme. They say enough
of the spending. We need to cut hard.
when when you elect us, we will cut
spending. They come in and the first
thing Merz does is the greatest
explosion of debt within weeks that
Germany has ever seen. So, it's not just
a little bit lying. It's shocking.
Delinker, of course, complete nut jobs,
but you have to give it to them. They
are not liars. They say, "If you elect
us, we're going to shoot the top 1% and
it's all going to be fine." And we seize
the property and we have paradise again
like back in the days. So, they're
pretty frank. I don't think they're
lying. So that's the good thing about
them. Not lying. Uh the bad thing is
well it would be communism. So that's
the problem. Now in the east you only
have a handful of parties or less than a
handful left and the FD as you can see
is very big. So that's the situation. Uh
you see if that happens right
that is how the seats in parliament will
be distributed. The absolute majority
would be 49 seats. At 42% you have 48
you have 47 seats I think. So all they
need is two more seats.
And if they you can do the math right if
these people fall drop out seven seats
get redistributed. Think about this. So
if the SPD would fall under 5% it's game
over anyway. If they maintain more than
5% then they have to get to 30 43.5%.
And the CDU is not looking very good.
And now interesting things are happening
here. You see uh also the uh gains and
losses in comparison to the last
election. And you see the the AFD has
massive gains, insane gains, 18.2%.
Um and you see here what's going on with
the other guys. So now let's talk about
more problems. More problems. Of course
the CDU I told you a little bit about
the linker. This is of course the
linker. So that's what you're dealing
with there. I don't need to comment on
that. You probably know these kinds of
people. So they are ready. Well, you
probably don't know these kinds of
people. She looks like a loony Democrat,
but she is much more extreme than a
loony Democrat. A looney Democrat might
shoot you maybe, but not in the sense
that they seize control of the
government and then have you shot
legally. That's the big difference. And
he, these are the guys, right? Tax the
rich. They're singing the internet, the
hymn of the communists globally. So,
it's complete nut job land. And the
problem here, by the way, one last thing
and then I will explain what the problem
is.
Uh this is a report
uh where the linker in the Bundes tag in
the federal parliament in Congress when
they had a strategy meeting there was
leaked what they're discussing and one
of these guys who is a parliamentary
like a member of parliament of the link
literally said so you know I'm not
making this up he literally said and
when we have shot the 1% of the rich
shot like dead
uh we still need to heat somehow at
home. That's what he said. And then the
boss of the link of that party told him,
well, we are not going to shoot them. We
will use them for useful labor. So he's
referring to labor camps. So that's the
moderating voice. He says, well, let's
not shoot everyone right away. Let's put
the rich people into labor camps. Just
so you understand, these are not
Democrats. It's a little more gone.
And the problem is going back to so
these are bad people and the problem is
here when you look at these surveys that
now of course the CDU including Mertz
the entire CDU of Germany has now to
discuss what am are we going to do here
this is crazy we cannot allow the FD to
win says Mertz and so what are we going
to do if that is the result if the AFD
is actually at 42% cannot form cannot be
the only party to rule they need a
coalition are we going to do a coalition
with them as a CDU because in theory we
have the same program but in reality we
can't do that or are we forming a
minority government? Yeah, that's kind
of what they're saying. The CDU could
also instead of supporting them, which
they don't want, form a coalition with
these people. But I just explained to
you who these people are. Now imagine
the Republicans, right? The Republicans
would have a new party that they hate
that's also Republicans. and they would
say, "We cannot cooperate with these
people." And then instead of cooperating
with the other Republicans, they would
say, "Oh, we have to cooperate with this
new communist party that literally wants
to shoot rich people instead because
it's so important to maintain this
firewall against these dangerous
far-right extremists here who have the
same program as us. And instead, we
cooperate with the people who say they
want to shoot rich people." And now
think about what that does to the
average CDU voter because that's what's
being discussed right now. And if you
know the average CDU voter, they're the
that's the prototypical German. Super
conservative, very common sense,
probably Catholic or Christian. These
are very conservative family men and
women. They don't like the idea to form
a coalition with communists who say they
want to shoot everyone. So it's
absolutely toxic what's going on there.
And now there's basically debate in the
CDO. Should we try to actually make the
FD win? So we are not in the predicament
to make a decision if we have to
actually collude with the communists
because if the AFD wins, yeah, we look a
little dumb. They take over, but at
least we don't have to do this. We just
say oops, so bad we lost. So these are
the tactical decisions that have have to
be made now in Zakanhat. Why is this
also important for Germany? You might
think, who cares about a little Martin
Luther country here? By the way, this is
the CDU guy, Zakan Anhal CDU boss and
that is the AFD boss in Zakanhal. And
that was a big scandal because they were
joking and they had a good time on a
podium where they had a discussion and
that's a big no no for the bundes the
federal CDU that their CDU man here is
getting friendly with the AFD guy
because fundamentally they want the same
thing and he got a lot of hate for that
because like you cannot collude with
these evil guys. They're so evil because
they say this, they want the same thing
as us. And so that was a big scandal
because locally in the states the CDU
says like, "Dudes, hello, we have to
actually govern. What's so bad about
these people who just literally want the
same thing as us? We are just not
allowed to do what we actually promised
because of the people on the federal
level of Mertz, the chancellor." So
that's the situation.
There was a big scandal like the buddy
photo. It's called buddy photo. Like
this was a scandalous photo where
Ziggmund this guy and Hoya this guy were
too friendly and you know and then Hoya
the CDU boss said oh I never liked the
concept of the firewall. I never like
the concept of firewall. The CDU guy
says I never like the idea that we have
to separate ourselves from the AFD as
the chancellor says. So he punched Mertz
in the tummy said dude I'm not going to
do this anymore. So they're starting to
distance themselves from Mertz more and
more. Here is a report that Mertz is not
very welcome. Of course in uh in the
election in the state. So the CDU in the
state says chancellor you can stay home.
We don't like you here because people
really don't like you. But it's his it's
their own party of course and their own
chancellor. So that is going on there.
You see that this is a very lefty uh
left-wing media outlet, but it's fine.
So, they're having a field day mocking
the CDU. So, all of this is happening
and the CDU might be trying to lose.
What does that all mean? Why is this so
important? I explained to you guys why
it's so important that the AFD is taking
over East Germany and might just win
win the election in September. If this
happens,
if it happens, it might be the beginning
of the end of Mertz. This will have
enormous ripple effects because at the
moment where the AFD can govern a state,
especially if they have the total
majority, if they are a single party
rule in the state, they can actually
start doing things. And of course, it's
not hard to turn Germany around.
Everyone knows how to do it if you
wanted it. Germany is still a very
strong country with very smart people
who can do amazing things if they would
be stopped if someone would stop the
people who try to destroy it all day
long. So if you say to the Germans, you
get your borders back, you can deport
everyone who doesn't belong here, you
can import Russian gas, we will manage
your regulations so businesses can
actually do something, you are now
allowed to attract foreign investment,
your people are allowed to be happy and
have children. All of these things are
not that hard to figure out if you want
to. And what the parties, all the other
parties are so afraid of, if the AFD is
allowed to do that, if the AFD is in
charge of a state, within 6 months, you
could see massive changes.
Suddenly, you know, women don't get
raped anymore. People can go maybe even
swimming in, you know, swimming pools.
All these things, maybe the cities
become safe again. That is all not
rocket science to figure out. And once
you do this in one state, what do you
think all the other German citizens
thinks? Like, wait a moment, why are we
not doing that? And then it's game over.
So there is a very clear theory. If the
AFD wins, Mertz is over. The government,
the federal government will implode and
there will be new extraordinary
elections because German federal
elections for the chancellor are
normally scheduled for 2029. But if they
win, it is very unlikely that Mertz is
going to survive it. And then we get
elections in 2027 in Germany. And if
then the AFD would win with 30% or
something, the CDU would be forced into
a coalition very likely. Or if not,
something terrible would happen. And the
big picture here is if the AFD would win
on the federal level in 2027, now you
can connect the big picture dots. it
would be game over for the entire
European disaster that we are
experiencing because Germany is the one
country that could force the EU to
change whatever they want to change
because if Germany quits the EU, if
Germany stops paying, the EU is
immediately dead. So Germany is the one
country that can force the EU to change.
And that is why everyone of the ruling
elite is terrified of this. And even
though that's just one small state in
Germany, the ripple effects could be
dramatic. And so it's very important to
watch that 6th of September and see
what's actually going to happen. And
even if the AfD doesn't win, it could
destabilize the government because what
is the choice then that the CDO creates
a co coalition with the communists?
That's also going to be the end of
Mertz. So in a way, I think an AFD
victory would lead to the biggest ripple
effects. But if the FD is stuck at 42%,
it probably also is the beginning of the
end of the Mertz government. So there
you have it. That is the situation in
Germany. It's very dramatic and things
are definitely going to change. Change
is in the air, but the situation is also
dire. So it remains very interesting.
I'm going to report on that more when
new things happen. We also have new new
surveys and polls out. But I will keep
you updated and I hope to see you soon.