Source:      electrek
Title:       Tesla is recalling 14,575 Model Ys because they may be missing a sticker
Author:      Jameson Dow
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/05/22/tesla-is-recalling-14575-model-ys-because-they-may-be-missing-a-sticker/
Published:   2026-05-22 09:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 10:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla is recalling 14,575 Model Y vehicles, produced between November ’25 and April ’26, due to a possible missing certification label.

NHTSA sent out a Tesla recall notice today, indicating that the affected vehicles could be missing a weight certification label, potentially causing the vehicles to be overloaded and become unsafe.

14,575 vehicles are potentially affected, though Tesla estimates that only around 45% of the vehicles are missing the label.

Every vehicle comes with a label, on the inside of the driver’s side door, showing the maximum loaded weight of the vehicle. These labels will also show useful information about tire pressures and the manufacture date of the vehicle.

 
 
 

While it may seem minor and you may have never looked at these labels (I have! often!), they’re there for a reason – to ensure that you don’t overload the vehicle. If you overload a vehicle, it can become unsafe, either by making the vehicle less maneuverable, causing the suspension to bottom out, increasing risk of tire blowouts, straining the powertrain, increasing braking distance, and so on.

Weight certification labels, required by 49 CFR Part 567. The left one is the label in question, but the right one is more readable.

So, it’s a simple and standardized way of communicating this information.

But it turns out that Tesla’s machines weren’t working at the factory, and this was only caught months later.

Between November 17, 2025 and April 21, 2026, an “automated vision-scanning tool” at Tesla’s Fremont factory was “performing inconsistently.” It was the job of this tool to confirm that each car had the label.

Tesla only caught the problem on April 17, when it noticed a missing label on a car. Then it traced it back to the malfunctioning tool. It fixed the tool and now has workers manually double-checking that the sticker is there during the production process. But that didn’t happen until 14,575 cars got through the factory gate.

The fix for the problem is easy – just print out new labels and affix them to cars. Tesla says there have been no field reports related to this recall as of yet. And, frankly, given that cars generally have two labels with pretty redundant information (see above), and it seems that only one of them is missing, there’s really not much of a problem here… except, well, rules are rules.

Unlike most of Tesla’s “recalls” you hear about in the news, this one can’t be fixed by a software update. Tesla has gotten quite good at patching software issues before a recall notice is even filed by the NHTSA, but for a physical issue like this, you’ll have to bring your car in for an inspection and a sticker.

And it’s a pretty substantial amount of cars. Nearly six full months of production is a long time to leave an issue like this unnoticed. It may be a small thing on its own, but cars are a collection of thousands of small things that all have to work together, so it’s not great that one of them went wrong for so long. The stickers won’t cost Tesla anything, but the labor of checking 14,575 cars will cost a chunk of time for its service centers.

Owners with a Model Y produced between the above dates will be mailed a standard recall notice on July 17. Owners can also contact Tesla at 1-877-798-3752 about this recall, which is filed under number SB-26-19-002.

Charge your electric vehicle at home using rooftop solar panels. Find a reliable and competitively priced solar installer near you on EnergySage, for free. They have pre-vetted installers competing for your business, ensuring high-quality solutions and 20-30% savings. It’s free, with no sales calls until you choose an installer. Compare personalized solar quotes online and receive guidance from unbiased Energy Advisers. Get started here. – ad*