Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       IRAN CEASEFIRE - Is This the Green Light for Tesla and AI Stocks?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3wtOVgO5as
Published:   2026-04-08 11:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-08 11:56 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Wednesday and the deadline for
Trump's ultimatum has passed. And are we
in total war with Iran? The answer is
no. We had a real taco Tuesday and Trump
decided to extend the ceasefire and
actually agreed to a twoweek ceasefire.
More importantly, Iran agreed to it.
Trump was pretty obvious that he was
going to do something like that. Even
though I warn everyone there is a real
tail risk here. What we have seen now is
the White House coming up with this
thing here based on conversations with
Prime Minister Shibbas Sharif and Field
Marshall Aim Munir of Pakistan yada yada
yada. We received a 10-point proposal
from Iran and believe it is a workable
basis on which to negotiate. Almost all
of the various points of past contention
have been agreed to between the United
States and Iran, but a twoe period will
allow the agreement to be finalized and
consummated. So we have a twow week
delay. I want to comment on that. What
does it all mean? I'm not going to
comment too much on the political
situation. You guys see it on X and all
over the place. Everyone is chipping in.
I give you my quick very highle
nononsense rundown of the situation and
what it means for us as investors in the
market. What which whichever you are,
retail investor, institutional investor,
we all want to make the right decision
here. As you remember, I said this is
too much risk for me. I'm to I'm taking
stakes off the table. I did that when
Tesla was around 360 365. Now in
pre-market or post market, we are
already back to that level. So I'm
pretty happy about that. I was able to
derisk without any kind of damage so
far. Let's see. But it's time to go a
little risk on. First of all, let's
assess the political situation quickly
so we can triangulate if this is fake
news. if he go into war right again away
again in two weeks. If this is just
something Trump says and then he
reverses course or if Israel re reverses
course or if it's more serious this
time. A first little hint I want to give
everyone for what I'm going to say next
is look at this. This is an official
White House tweet. This is a Donald
Trump tweet. This is from the White
House account. And you will notice the
whole format here and the language is
very different. It's a very stark
contrast from that extremely unhinged
Easter post of President Trump where he
threatened the end of civilization and
used the F-word. Well, he didn't
threaten civilizational end on Easter.
He did that on Tuesday, but on Easter
very unhinched tweet with the F-word and
praise to Allah, mocking uh Allah and
all kinds of stuff, very uncristian,
une.
president is losing his marbles and
whichever it is it definitely looked
like it and so this is a very stark
contrast and I think that's very
important someone in the white house
probably everyone has told the president
dude you can't do that anymore and we
see a clear attempt to be a little bit
more disciplined which means the
situation is extremely serious for the
United States for specifically Trump I
do think what happened here is that
there was an extreme outcry in the
United States and around the world about
this Easter tweet and what happened on
Tuesday. I think there's enormous
pressure on President Trump to not do
that again. Uh especially also
internally. We have something between
the lines. You can read it that JD Vance
was very active. He was probably mostly
in charge of make getting this done,
finding Pakistan as an excuse how we can
now get to the ceasefire because Iran
basically didn't want to talk to them.
So I think these are all signs that a
further escalation of this war has
become much less likely with this move
because what we have now is a two week
ceasefire. The bears would say, "Well,
good luck with that. Israel or whoever
or Trump is just going to cheat on them
and then bomb them again and start the
whole thing from scratch." I actually
think the probability for this is very
low at this point or let's say at least
low. It has gone from 50% of escalation
to less than 5%. That is my assessment.
Why? Because the US is in big big
trouble here in case you didn't notice.
And we have a lot of little pieces of
evidence for that. First of all, when
you look at the 10-point plan from Iran
that was put forward that we basically
have now here on the table. Look at
that. This is the 10-point plan the US
has effectively agreed upon for these
two weeks. The US must fundamentally
commit to guaranteeing non-aggression.
That's quite something. continuation of
Iran's control over the straight of
moose. That is crazy. That is actually
the old plan. We have a new 10-point
plan. Let me pull this up. Where Iran
basically says they are going to charge
$2 million per vessel that goes through
the straight and Trump is okay with
that. Which is an enormous
win for Iran because they effectively
now seized the right to charge tolls on
the entire street of Hormuz. And that is
quite astounding and quite the win.
Let's see here. That is the latest
guarantee that Iran will not be attacked
again. Iran would impose a $2 million
fee per ship transiting Hormuz. Iran
would split these fees with Oman. Iran
would establish rules for safe passage
through Hormuz. So these are all
indications Iran is now controlling the
street state street of Hormuz. Not as it
did before the last two weeks in terms
of militarisms, but now baked in
long-term the right to charge fees. And
you can also tell that Iran has a bunch
of pretty smart people there because
they didn't say they wanted cease
control. They split it with Oman. Oman
of course on the other side of the
straight and together they have a much
more defensible case because Oman is
friendly to the west as part of the GCC.
And that means now it sounds like a much
more reasonable proposal. They're saying
look we are at the straight here. Here
is the actual map. Um, this is the
straight. Here is the United Arab Emir
Emirates. Here's Dubai. Here's Ras Al
Kaima. Here is the capital of Oman. Uh,
here's Iran. And then Oman is basically
also up here, this little thing.
And it's very elegant that Iran
basically says, I'm charging 2 million
per vessel now, new fee, but I split
with Oman. So, because we too have to
keep this trade open or control it,
which is of course bogus. No one has to
do anything. It's kind of a threat. So
the fact that we are seeing all these
things and Trump agreeing to that is a
very clear indication what's going on.
There was a very huge problem on the US
side to continue this. Uh and the idea
to start this all over again does not
seem very appealing. I think behind the
scenes there are significant measures
taken now in the United States
administration that Trump will not do
that again. That is my take on the
situation. That is why I'm decreasing my
risk significantly. Israel was rumored
in the beginning yesterday night to
actually be part of that agreement. Uh
but already it seems like they're uh of
course not keeping up to it. I think
Iran also shot at them before they
agreed. So I think the Iran Israel
situation is going to keep being bad.
But that's not the worst thing because
Israel can't do much without the United
States. They cannot threaten the whole
street state street of Homus. They might
try, but Israel is also getting
extremely isolated. They're losing a lot
of leverage. And I think as part of that
overhaul in the White House that's going
on behind the scenes, I think there will
also be a massive loss of influence from
the Israel side because the political
costs are just ridiculously high for the
GOP, for JD Vance, for Rubio, and of
course for Trump. So that is my
assessment. That is why I do not believe
this is just a ceasefire and then they
are starting all over again with some
excuses. I think the pressure on the US
is very serious to stop this whole
situation both internally from the GOP
from other people in the administration
from the American people and especially
from the American right. I don't know if
you have seen Takson commenting on this
whole thing total disaster for Trump. So
there's enormous pressure but also
globally you can be guaranteed that
Europe that China that India are now
taking all necessary measures to prevent
this from happening again doesn't mean
it can't escalate again but the cost
would be ridiculous for Trump. So I do
think this is lasting. You can never be
sure but I decreased my risk 50% down to
5%. Which means for me it's now a little
bit risk on again
you know not withstanding any comments
on Tesla I have but for the portfolio as
a whole I think we should be in a good
position now
and uh the Iran situation. We also
should not underestimate the power of
the people. The power of the people. I
have another video coming out actually
on Germany and then referencing also
what happened in the Netherlands. Very
surprising,
very promising news that the German
government has actually now taken off
the table. They are completely insane
requirement for all German men between
17 and 45 to register if they want to
leave the country with the army. So they
basically wanted to start building a
wall so no German can leave to then
recruit them all and send them to the
eastern front or something because why
not? They're viewing the German people
as cattle and you can just use them as
whatever you want. And the resistance
and the outcry on social media on ex
especially from the right-wing but then
even from even from mainstream media at
some point when they couldn't hide it
anymore was so large that the German
defense minister took it off the table
again. What I want to say with that is
we see that the people actually have
power. You have power. I have power. We
all have power. They can't do whatever
they want. it's still a democracy or
these are still kind of democracies or
not kind of we shouldn't even be so uh
dismissive about this whole thing. We
live in democracies in the end the media
also depends on us. We are also the
media and so massive resistance can work
even in Germany even in the Netherlands
which is in a very bad shape when they
wanted to introduce the non-realized
capital gains tax. I mean complete
insanity. Some left-wing politicians
said, "Oh, why don't we just tax
everyone, the rich, like you, on their
gains that they didn't realize." And of
course, it's the end of an economy. And
what was very encouraging, too, is there
was such a huge outcry that he put he
took it off the table. So, we have to
learn there is real power. And I think
when you look at the United States,
what's going on on the ground, the
resistance against this war is through
the roof. Of course, if you only watch
Fox News, you might not really get it,
but even for Fox News, there were some
doubts. But the other mainstream media
that is anti-Trump of course is is
against that. Not really because they're
also pro-war. But mostly the alternative
media. Look at Tucker Carlson. Look at
Nick Fuentes. Of course, look at Megan
Kelly. If you hate any of these guys,
doesn't matter if you hate them. They
are the most influential people on the
right in terms of steering opinions.
Then look at the super mainstream guys.
Theo Juan, Joe Rogan. They are really
the base of Trump. Without them, Trump
cannot win. The GOP cannot win and
increasingly the Democrats might have a
problem without them. So these people
are militantly opposed to this. So Alex
Jones of all people. So the resistance
is just overwhelming. And if you think
Trump can just rule against his own
people, the American people, and
especially the Trump people, you're
delusional. This is not how it works.
And if there's one person in the world
who is super sooked with public opinion,
it is Trump. There was actually an
interview by Trump where he said,
"Unfortunately, I can't put boots on the
ground or something like that because
the American people don't like it."
That's what he said, I think three days
ago in an interview. So, he knows
exactly what's going on. He knows the
resistance is too large. It's not even
about all the rational points that the
economy is going to break down and all
the strategic implications. I think this
doesn't even matter. What matters for
Democratic politicians and the media is
if you stand up, you the people, they
will lose. They will do what you want.
It is just needs to be enough of us and
we have to be effective enough to voice
our opinion and then things will happen.
That's very important to understand in
Europe, in Germany, in the Netherlands,
in Scandinavia, in UK, maybe we have to
see about UK, but especially also in
America. And that is why I'm confident
this is kind of ending. Now to the
bears, to all the people who are now
wanting to be smart and saying, "Well,
it doesn't matter. The supply
destruction leads to demand destruction.
The damage that has been done cannot be
fixed. You know my channel. You know
Pioneer Lands. This is bogus. We live in
the age of AGI. Do we really think all
that stuff cannot be fixed? No one
cares. Of course it can be fixed. If the
war doesn't get inflamed again, oil can
be fixed. All these infrastructures can
be fixed. There can we can reroute
stuff. No problem. So I would not
overestimate this. Of course, we have
elevated oil prices for a long time now,
but not that elevated. maybe 80,
whatever, 70 instead of 60. No one
cares. Literally, no one cares. So, this
means I am positioning myself for more
aggressive uh more aggressive portfolio
stances. I am under 100% invested.
Normally, I'm significantly over 100%
invested because I'm fundamentally
bullish on the age of AGI. And if you
look at Tesla, we are now back to 360.
Let's see, post 364. So that's still a
massive massive drop from where we were
before even you know a week ago or two
weeks ago. Let's see where have we been
here. Yeah, even a week ago. Look at
this. We peaked at 380. Can you believe
that? And here's where I dest
I got out as much as I could. Uh and I
think that was the right move because we
were entering huge risk. And I'm very
happy if you can manage a trade like
that. You take risk off the table. You
completely derisk it by 45% and you're
back in where you left. That's a huge
win, by the way, in case you don't
understand how risk works. So, I'm happy
I did that. I got also a little off
here. I was like still leveraged
uh I was still leveraged here or
something at the 390 range and then I
realized this is all getting out of
hand. So, I'm pretty happy how I handled
the whole thing. But, we have to also be
quick on our feet. This is about
investing and some of the not long-term
part of my portfolio is about trading.
And we are now in bull territory. So
don't be scared of these 5% up. Uh and
say, "Oh, did I miss the train?" Are you
kidding me? You didn't miss the train.
The train is here is at 480. That's the
train. So we have
$120 to go up before we even are where
we were in December. Uh robo taxi is
probably coming or not. We have to
discuss that. Uh if you are interested
in other stocks, it doesn't matter. This
what I'm saying is basically true for
all stocks. Look at Nvidia. Uh Nvidia is
up five points to 183. I think Nvidia
took me through that whole crisis
nicely. I shifted some from Tesla to
Nvidia because Nvidia is much more
fundamentally backed right now. Nvidia
should be through the roof. Nvidia
should be at 210 220. Let's see if we
get there. I think we are sitting on a
coiled spring. That's what I said
before. I think now the resistance that
kept this coiled spring coiled is more
or less gone. We have to still watch out
a little bit what's happening but I
think it's pretty much risk on now and
uh I will position myself accordingly.
You know put back a lot of additional
Tesla Nvidia micro strategy. I think
crypto is absolutely going through the
roof recently. Let's see where we are
at.
Um 71,000. So we went up dramatically
obviously. look at this and crypto held
through this whole thing very nicely.
So, it's time to uh also look at that. I
think we are preparing for a huge run in
crypto in Ethereum and Bitcoin. I'm only
looking at these two uh as part of a
larger theme AI blockchain. Uh that is
all happening. So, in general, I think
April is now ready to run. Be cautious
what you're doing. Of course, I'm just
sharing what I'm doing. You always have
to watch out. These things can change
very quickly. keep a core position long
term, then you're safe with key stocks
like Tesla, Nvidia, and so on. Uh the
tactical trading needs a lot of
attention. I hope that was interesting.
Go to pioneerlands.org
where we discuss all these things in
real time and see you tomorrow.