Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Big Investors Are BUYING Tesla Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lgYFwXENKo
Published:   2026-06-08 19:53 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-08 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several news items important to Tesla
and future SpaceX investors dropped this
weekend. First, great news for robo
taxi. Tesla officially applied for an
autonomous vehicle network company
permit in Nevada. What's shocking is
Tesla seeking approval for up to 5,000
robo taxis during the first 12 months
after the permit is granted. If that
isn't a sign of an intention to scale, I
don't know what is. This comes as
reports from the DMV in Texas that says
there are now 51 vehicles registered as
robo taxis there. Second, SpaceX has
announced yet another mega deal. This
time, it's Google of all companies,
renting compute capacity for $920
million per month. Anthropic and Google
are now paying SpaceX a combined $2.17
billion per month for compute capacity.
That's a revenue run rate of 26 billion
per year if it's not terminated
beforehand. Of the Mag 7, Google was the
one you think would not need to rent
compute. And Elon Musk predicted this
last year when he posted his strategy
was to buy a ton of GPUs. Third, big
whales are buying Tesla stock. Dwan
Yongpin, also known as the Chinese
Warren Buffett, has bought nearly 1.3
billion in Tesla. He's been buying since
the first quarter. Dwan was previously a
skeptic of Elon, but now has had a
change of heart. Similarly, JP Morgan,
famously at war with Elon and who has
had a permanent bare position for years,
has also now upgraded their price target
from $145 to $475, a massive 230%
increase. No doubt it's got something to
do with being included in the SpaceX
IPO. And Morgan Stanley is also now back
in the game, also doing a complete
reversal by buying 1.26 billion worth of
Tesla stock in the first quarter. Big
money is pouring into Tesla. We got Jeff
Lutz here with us today. He's an exs
supply chain sea level executive from
Motorola, Google, Lenovo. He's currently
running his own consulting firm serving
mega cap tech in supply chain design and
manufacturing. Welcome Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Uh heyert. Yeah, a lot of news just came
out over the weekend. Uh just like a
super bullish news flow and I just it it
feels like these milestones are just
getting closer and closer. A new week
comes in. So just looking forward to
going through these. There's a lot of
lot of things that just flipped on Wall
Street and and as well as uh
fundamentally.
&gt;&gt; Well, the question I'm going to ask you
and we'll get to it is is the Tesla
buying the stock buying from the big
whales. Are they doing it because of
SpaceX or is it because of Tesla
potential 6 months coming up? Uh, one of
the big signs is robo taxi. A lot of
people are pretty disappointed with the
progress. We're pretty well in June now.
June 22nd was the big launch date of
Robo Taxi last year in Austin and today
it's not as uh you know widespread and
as many cars as people had hoped within
a year but this is really good sign
here. Uh over the weekend Tesla
officially applied for an autonomous
vehicle network company permit in Nevada
seeking approval for up to 5,000 robo
taxis during the first 12 months after
the permit is granted. The filing covers
Clark County, including Harry Reid
International Airport and Henderson
Executive Airport, according to a new
public notice from the Nevada Transport
Authority, Jeff 5,000.
I mean, is it just, hey, go ahead and
shoot for the largest number or do you
think this actually has, you know, real
intentions of that many?
&gt;&gt; No, you wouldn't shoot for the highest
number. And I've dealt with regulatory
before in many different aspects. That's
the last thing you want to do is just
put a high number in and and rush
through the process because what could
happen is is it could cause more
scrutiny uh on the number and and just
more back and forth. You you want to go
in with the most you think you're going
to do, but also uh something that isn't
going to just cause all kinds of um
holdups uh during the approval process.
To me, this is representative of the
kind of scale that Tesla's going for in
robo taxi. Yes, we know the difference
between a permit submission and reality.
We know how many cars are on the road
today in Texas. But this this to me and
this is over the first year. This really
starts to to me really shows the the
relative comp to I mean the the the
highest
uh robo taxi vendor today. Whimo has I
think 3,700 cars across the nation
across the entire country. And so this
says two things. One is Tesla has the
economics to to do this to put up this
capital to get this fleet out there and
also says that those economics will work
very quickly cuz what you would wouldn't
want to do is you wouldn't want to put a
bunch of stuff out there that doesn't
have a time to break even that's
relatively quick. So this tells me that
they can get profitable very quickly.
They have a very high ceiling on the
number of vehicles that they can put in
a specific area and the economics work
for them. And I think this is this is
what's holding other robo taxi vendors
back. They would put more cars out, but
there's only so many people that are
going to that are going to call these
rides at $3 to $5 an hour, you know, $8,
$10 an hour. There's only so many of
those that they're going to do. And
there's only so many of those vehicles
that they can actually fabricate and get
put out on the road because they're
quite frankly they're losing money per
ride. So if you take their the
competitive unit economics that's
limiting the number of cars and you take
Tesla's unit economics, they're going
for a much bigger number in a smaller
concentrated area. I I this was very
surprising to me to see actually that
number that size going for this permit
submission and it was is also very
encouraging.
Jeeoff, you've done this before. Uh when
you submit a permit like this for some
authority, in this case the uh business
and industry Nevada transportation
authority, do you think that Tesla would
already kind of you know have felt them
ahead of time got them to say, "Hey,
what if I approve 5,000 or if I threw
2,000? Would you how would you guys
react? Would he already kind of know or
No,
&gt;&gt; there's there should be conversations
happening uh in advance. It doesn't
necessarily mean that there's an
explicit conversation about certain
factors, but likely they wouldn't put a
number in there that they think they
could not get approved. Um
&gt;&gt; and there is there is also some time
element to it being over the first year
and of course if something goes ary you
know I think what Tesla has done over
this last 6 months is shown that they're
very judicious and very careful with the
rollout and I actually think that that's
going to be part of the submission
uh that's going to be part of the
evidence for the submission is is the
Nitsa data and how well they're actually
performing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you're a regulator in
Nevada and you've got high cost issues,
you've got you've got, you know, these
really peak these huge peak demand
cycles that occur during these
conferences, events, and and and
holidays. This is this is the perfect
solution, a lowcost solution that can
scale quickly. Mhm. Yeah. They probably
are what is it June and so they July
they have six months of data now and
which is so far submissions to NITS it's
looking like u there's very few major
accidents in fact if anything it's minor
if in fact it's zero that is the best
data to present to them. Uh, it looks
like that in Texas, Texas DMV data is
saying that Tesla Robbo taxi LLC added
four more Model Y and now the registered
fleet is 51 vehicles. Yeah, that's how
we know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; By the way, uh, the robo taxi tracker
that we've been using for a while, um,
Evan, the the guy in charge of it, he
was hired,
&gt;&gt; Ethan Yeah. he was hired by Tesla. And
so he actually publicly told folks that
you know you can't he's not been
updating he cannot update it u uh for
the next several months until past
August when he might in he's just for
the summer intern I think he is.
&gt;&gt; So just FYI that data that we're seeing
robo taxi tracker may not be as accurate
as as it used to be or it would never
was accurate but you know being kept up
to date and so forth.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh other news quickly quickly
here. Robo taxi demo is now expected in
August according to reports and I think
that even um Fron was interviewed over
the weekend at the Tesla takeover in
Austria and he had said that it's coming
soon. Tesla has pushed the nextG
Roadster demo to August. Uh that might
make sense according to the information.
What do you think about this? It makes
sense because it's after the June um
IPO. Maybe that's when they'll want to
do it.
Well, I they're not supposed to be
connected, but there's a lot of
catalysts that are coming up for Tesla
and this I think this permit submission
to Nevada was a a nice signal to start
that off. It looks like we're starting
to add a few vehicles in Texas, but
that's that's not a meaningful number uh
yet. But it looks like we're getting
very close. If you just look at it, like
again, this is like to me any product
ramp up that you're doing. When you're
getting all of your factories set up,
you're getting material put into the
factories. To me, that's these robo
taxies that are being deployed and
parked in all these various cities. And
then you're hiring people for the
factories. I view that each of these
cities as its own little factory. and
you're you're hiring people. You look on
the job boards, there's Tesla's hiring
hundreds of people for robo taxi
management type positions to manage
these fleets uh across the country and
assume across the world. So to me, this
is all part of a a roll out of a the the
production of a product. And to this is
this is what it looks like to me. It
looks very similar to it. It's funded.
The requisitions are funded. They're
posted. The job postings are in the
system, everything's funded, and which
to me the funding would be cut off if
the engine if the engineering team said,
"Hey, look, I don't have a solution
that's going to get there." Finance
would come in right away and pull those
requisitions. That's not happening. So,
to me, this is a setup. The Roadster in
in August is part of a number of
different catalysts that are just
building up for Tesla. So you have the
roll out of robo taxi. You have
potentially a Model Y introduction in in
North America. You've got the reveal of
Optimus. You have the Roadster uh
reveal. And to these are these these
milestones are both they hit the
economics of the company like the ramp
up of robo taxi but and then with the
roadster optimist reveals they're
they're really showing the extents of of
the uh of of the tech that is available
at Tesla but it's also in combination
with SpaceX. Roadster is a SpaceX and
Tesla product. It's mostly a Tesla
product with some SpaceX tech in it.
Optimus is a Tesla product with a SpaceX
brain in it. So, there's a lot of these
these milestones coming up. And then
you've got there's some great uh video
footage this morning uh from
SE
um who who published the an aerials of
of the Houston factory for the mega
block and it looks like the exterior of
that factory is done for mega block mega
pack production in Houston. That's going
to be a 50 gawatt hour factory. Looks
like the exterior is done and now they
have to of course facilitize and and and
install the capex inside. We don't know
what's going on inside. they may be they
may be very far along. So you have that
milestone coming up for the energy side.
So you just have a lot of catalyst
building cyber cab roadster robo taxi
rollout model y l optimus reveal uh mega
block uh factory startup. There's a lot
of catalyst building up for Tesla uh
just on its own. So I think when we
start hearing about what these analysts
and they're starting to pile in, I mean
these things every day, every day that
goes by is a day that these catalysts
get closer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One more thing. Sorry, one quick thing.
Q2 looks to be
really strong. I mean, every indication
we're getting on every monthly delivery
metric, it looks like net net and some
countries are lower, but most countries
are a lot higher in deliveries. looks
like it's a net 28% higher through May
of auto deliveries and then you had this
slow uh energy in Q1. So there may be a
big Q2. Anyway, Q2 is another catalyst
that we'll hear about in the third week
of July. So you have a lot of things
coming over the next call it four to
eight weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh SpaceX and Tesla are definitely
intertwined. Imagine if something
happened with Tesla that would impact if
something happened with Tesla's robo
taxi that would impact the SpaceX IPO.
Maybe that was one reason. We had a deep
discussion about this at our last Cyber
Balls on Friday. Uh so SpaceX, good list
by the way. Thank you for that great
list of the things that are coming up.
SpaceX quietly amended their S1 and
there's another mega deal. My god.
Google is apparently a new customer of
SpaceX AI. They're paying $920 million a
month, almost a billion dollars every
month from October 2026 to June 2029 at
three years. But of course, Elon had
already made me mentioned before he
wants both anthropic and Google deals to
have an easy out. You can terminate
either party can terminate the agreement
within 90 days notice because I think
Elon is saying, "Well, maybe we might
need it. Kick them out." But $920
million, that's huge. The question, of
course, is why would of all companies of
the MAG7, Google's the one that you
would say would not need this? Um, this
is the filing, the amendment. They just
keep doing these amendments to the, uh,
this is amendment number two to the S1.
Uh, I'm sure there's more to come. They
want to kind of build up the news prior
to Friday. This is a big one. So
combined, Anthropic and Google are
paying 2.17 billion a month. Now if you
do a revenue reneion
a year, fourth of Tesla just like that
uh big money and then this guy was
saying wait Google's paying SpaceX 920
million per month for GPUs. Google the
company that builds its own TPUs that
runs one of the largest cloud
infrastructures on Earth is renting
110,000 Nvidia GPUs from a rocket
company. I'm not sure how to make out of
this. Google's the one that should have
been able to do this. Should be the one
to rent things out and uh and then um
Elon Yeah. So Elon knew that this was
coming. I'll get there shortly. But
what's your reaction to this uh Google
announcement as a customer?
&gt;&gt; My reaction is is the reactions are
strange. They're not renting GPUs from
Nvidia. Let's be very clear. And Google
doesn't make TPUs. Broadcom makes TPUs.
Google designs TPUs. It's important. And
the reason it's important is
te SpaceX a XAI and SpaceX call it
SpaceX now Elon and his SpaceX team they
started this flywheel by taking chips
from off of TSMC's doc who makes the
chips for Nvidia and building out their
coherent clusters to be bigger and
building them out faster than anybody
else does it. And so when you every time
I see these deals come through, I'm
like, everybody's looking at the revenue
and I'm looking at the revenue, too. But
what I'm looking at is, wow, the
utilization of their cluster is going to
go through the roof because you've got
two of the two of the top two or three
frontier model providers in the world
are want as much of your capacity as you
want to give them. So the utilization,
the fixed cost absorption is going to go
through the roof, which is good. The
utilization is going to go through the
roof. And SpaceX, their costs are their
costs per token are just going to go
down, down, down. So this flywheel is
turning because Elon and his team can go
from these disparent chips and system
components that are all over the world
and build it out into a coherent cluster
faster than anybody else running it at
appears to be a lower cost. These
companies have like they said with
Google, these companies have options.
They didn't have to do this. And it
looks like there could be some other
things connected to these deals as well,
which is like, look, if you make these
terrestrial deals with me on capacity
and you help drive up my utilization,
then maybe I'll I'll I'll give you an
early ticket to space when cuz right now
I have the only vehicle that's getting
data centers into space on, you know,
accur accurately and something you can
depend on. So this is a very very
powerful flywheel that is starting from
the very you know ele small elements of
the supply chain all the way to how how
much capacity Starship has and how
frequently it's going to be able to make
these trips to put data centers in space
and Google Anthropic they want to be in
the front of the line for that and it
looks like it's helping their cost per
token. Anthropic and Google have two of
the top three costs per token right now
in the world. Uh, OpenAI is up there. I
think Grock is like fourth or fifth,
maybe sixth. And then you have the
Chinese models below it. So, this helps
Anthropic. This helps uh Google's cost
per token. This helps SpaceX cost per
token. And of course, it's this huge
revenue driver. So, this is this is
brilliant. This is going to bode very
well. And when you have these businesses
that are connected,
I I I guarantee this is an early
anthropic and in and Google won an early
ticket to space-based
&gt;&gt; data space. Yeah, I think that's the the
right point. I'll I'll share you a
interview of this the CF uh the CFO or
the co-founder of Anthropic saying
exactly that. I think that that's a key.
My prediction is I think Microsoft is
lined up. Now, I don't know if they have
enough space in Colossus 2. Maybe they
don't, but if they did, you know, Coloss
Microsoft can't trust OpenI anymore.
They were like partners. I don't think
they are. I think they're going to feel
like they're left out. They're going to
That's going to be a huge bomb if they
come out and say, "I've got another
billion dollar per month deal
for Microsoft been there because the top
of the building says macro hard."
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Yeah, they're making fun of
them for that reason. But I think at the
end of the day, dude, listen, some
people are saying, why did Elon partner
with Google, right? Google was
&gt;&gt; it could
&gt;&gt; Larry Page, the guy that was e, you
know, was evil
&gt;&gt; and now he's giving him data center to
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. to eliminate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. It it doesn't as
long as each company feels that there's
a benefit, it's ethical,
uh, that they'll make a deal. They
don't. They'll let bygones be rock.
SpaceX and Open AI may make a deal.
Don't don't scoff.
&gt;&gt; I don't know about that one. Okay, that
you're pushing it there. You're pushing
it. All right. Okay. So, uh Elon knew
that this was happening. Look at this.
September of 2025. So, that was like uh
you know, eight months, whatever ago. He
said, "Buy a shitload of GPU. Step two,
I don't know, but step three, I know
I'll profit. I'll know I'll profit." And
this guy said, "Xi master plan was right
under a nose all along." Elon, this is
his post at the time. Elon said,
"Hardware is hard. Hardware is hard.
Hiding in plain sight." The strategy was
always hiding in plain sight. Um, you
know, so it's not just buying, like you
said earlier, it's not just buying the
chips. It's actually creating a coherent
data center. And that's that's that's
why these guys are struggling and the
cost and utilization all that that
you're talking about.
&gt;&gt; By the way, it's the same it's the same
playbook for robo taxi
&gt;&gt; the the the cost structure of Tesla robo
taxis and allow them to drive up really
high utilization and where Uber can't do
that. They won't be able to compete with
the cost structure. It's it's not only
the cost per vehicle and the cost of you
know cleaning and so forth. those in
unit economics it's the it's the rate of
fixed cost absorption and this same
playbook is is going to play out in robo
taxi
&gt;&gt; yeah okay operations cost all right uh
you mentioned earlier that you you one
of the suspicions you have is that these
guys are lining up because they want
first dibs if one space data centers
become a thing and that's true so
anthropic the uh Daniela Amod president
and co-founder of anthropic I think
she's the sister of
&gt;&gt; Dara Dario. Thank you. Anthropic is
interested in SpaceX data centers in
space. According to her, Thropic
expressed preliminary interest in using
potential SpaceX data centers in space.
Uh while playing down the near-term
timeline, she doesn't think that you'll
be able to do it until 2027, which
actually in our in our to-do list in
2027. That's kind of earlier. I thought
it was 2028 or even longer than that.
Let's listen to what she said. next
year.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX Anthropic expressed preliminary
interest in using potential data centers
in space. Uh what do you think about
that? Is that a reality? And how far out
are we from that?
&gt;&gt; I don't think that data centers in space
are something that will be uh will be on
our our to-do list in in 2027. But I you
know, I will say AI is the field that
has surprised me the most. It's probably
surprised the world the most in terms of
just what new things are possible are
made possible by the advent of this
technology. So, um, no immediate
immediate plans for, uh, for working
with the astronauts to to get Space
Center, uh, data centers going, but you
never know.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. So, she actually it's the
opposite of what I I guess what I was
thinking. She said, "No plans doing it."
Uh, I certainly won't be thinking about
it's not on our to-do list in 2027.
&gt;&gt; It's not ready, so it's it's fine. And
it's in a couple years out, but the get
in in supply chain there's things like
for example this lithography equipment
to make chips. There's things that you
have to reserve three and 5 years in
advance. And don't think that these
companies, back to our previous
discussion, aren't going to be lining up
to get a ticket on Starship. Don't don't
think that that's not going to happen.
And don't think that that's not going to
be tied to a bunch of deals. hardware is
Elon has has taken this capability in
hardware and manufacturing and turned it
around into a massive competitive moat.
This is why Teslas are made profitable.
This is why robo taxis are going to
scale faster including of course FSD and
Tesla's endtoend approach. But it
Tesla's hardware approach
it which is the same you know ethos
inside of SpaceX
that is creating a tremendous moat for
both of these companies
uh that just these other these other
companies that are purely just have
these pure software skills that are
dabbling like Enthropic Anthropic is
hiring chip designers. They've got a
team. Open AAI's got a team. Like
they're trying to get into it. they're
trying to do the hardware side of this.
It's not going to be easy. And you can't
just do hardware. You've got to you've
got to really have a competitive
advantage cuz if you just do it and you
get something out there, you may erase
that that margin you were paying to an
Nvidia or whatever. But it's not in the
end, you're not going to have an
advantage because they're going to be
able to move faster. You're going to
have to do something that they cannot
do. That's why the size of terraab and
the collocation of terraab and and
everything that's inside of a terapab is
so unique to like what a TSMC fab is
like. When Elon takes these things on,
he approaches them in a different more
holistic manner than than just doing
what Terraab is not another TSMC.
teraf yeah you know this this concept of
hardware expertise and experience takes
years and then it shows up and here just
one more point about SpaceX then we're
going to talk Tesla stock you know this
is another example you know you're
you're you're competing against LLM
which is a software intelligent AGIS and
then Elon says okay you need the
hardware so I'm gonna buy this data
center so I'm gonna get it up sooner I'm
gonna buy more than everyone else now
they're renting out to the other players
the came and then all of a sudden the
revenue comes like that. And that's my
point that people were not even thinking
that these revenue were existing and now
they're $26 billion per year if it was
if it was a full year run rate just like
that. And you know Rob Mer said remember
a couple weeks ago when everyone was
saying a 100x price per sales was crazy
for SpaceX and all of a sudden in just a
couple weeks it's now like 39x. Shows
how dumb that type of analysis is. And I
think that's the same kind of you know
fallacy with Tesla.
Now Tesla's has taken four years. So
people are you know given yes you're
right it has taken a long time but at
some point all of the preparation the
infrastructure the it's not just the
cars the operational that they're
working on and you pointed out it's
going to show up and it's going to show
up and it's going to be scale and then
it's like that all of a sudden massive
revenue massive earnings. So
&gt;&gt; put a pin in something Herbert one
before we jump into the next topic
because the other side of this debate is
Elon and SpaceX built out too much
compute. Grock is not good enough
&gt;&gt; and does not need the compute and
therefore he's got to go sell it.
&gt;&gt; First off, he's not selling this compute
for pennies on the dollar. He is getting
a very good rate for for what he's for
what he's selling. Second, if you you
have to be literate and you have to read
the even the the short contractual terms
that are put out. He's he gives a le a
90day or less notice that he could pull
the capacity back.
&gt;&gt; This is totally a utilization play. This
is going to take SpaceX cost per token
way down and he can pull the capacity
within 90 days. You can't get Nvidia
chips. If you put an order in, you are
not getting Nvidia hardware within 90
days. Much less are you then receiving
that hardware and building a new data
center. So Elon has given himself the
the flexibility in his company the
flexibility to turn on and off this
leased out capacity faster than the
other companies or his company can get
chips and then certainly faster than
they could actually build out a new data
center. So tell me who's actually in
control if he can do that inside of the
lead time for the actual physical
hardware to be made. Who's actually in
control? So this take and this take is
out all over CNBC and it's all over uh
traditional coastal media is oh Grock
isn't good enough. He doesn't need the
compute. He overbuilt it. So now he's
selling it. But if you look at the
contractual terms, he is totally in
control of this and both financially and
to to take the capacity back for himself
when his next, you know, multi- trillion
models parameter models are ready.
&gt;&gt; And yeah, it's a good reminder that
there Grock is running seven models on
Colossus 2. So it's not like uh they're
using all of it, but they're already
running seven. One of them is 1.5
trillion, which is more than everyone
else. So, it's crazy. He just overbuilt
like significantly. And then wait till
he uses it. Wait till they use it. Then
you're talking about a magnitude
difference in intelligence. All right,
let's go back to Tesla. Uh big whales
are buying Tesla. Now, you can say
they're buying it because they're
preparing for robo taxi scale next year.
You went through a massive long list of
all these great milestones that are
coming in the next six months. Or they
could buying it because they want to be
in good graces with Elon for SpaceX IPO.
make a lot of money that way and
certainly Morgan Stanley JP Morgan I
would put in that category but this guy
Dwan Yungpin he's considered to be the
Chinese Warren Buffett he's built a 1.27
billion position Tesla in a Q in Q1 um
so he owns 3.4 million shares market
value is 1.27 27 billion. It's 6.3% of
his total portfolio, fifth largest
holding overall.
&gt;&gt; He bought Yeah, that 6% not just 1%. And
uh reported price of $371. So it's not
like it wasn't cheap, but it also
obviously it's not it wasn't expensive.
He's been buying over the last year. um
widely recognized for his highly
concentrated ultra disciplined value
investing philosophy
uh his and what makes it incred
incredible was that his complete change
of heart historically he was a vocal
skeptic of Elon he shifted his stance
after experiencing Tesla's efficacy
firsthand yeah people just don't believe
it until they try it he recently praised
the tech as truly remarkable completely
separating his personal opinion of Musk
from the objective economic and product
disruption Tesla is driving. Kudos
legendary value whale deployed this much
capital. Tesla provides massive
institutional validation for long-term
autonomy thesis.
&gt;&gt; That's going to make all the uh Tesla's
at too high a PE people their heads
explode. They look these these people
are seeing things and they're timing
things. You know, sometimes they get it
right, sometimes they get it wrong. But
you what you want to do is whenever
these companies are making a move, you
just want to understand why they're
doing it and kind of how big is the move
relative to their portfolio. But they're
not always right and sometimes they're
wrong. You just look at the reasons. I
heard that he took a recent FSD ride and
I think a lot of people are getting
hooked. A lot of people are getting
hooked to buy the car off of just off of
just a single FSD ride. And I could
imagine it also driving investment. I I
remember the first time I test drove a
Tesla. It it was this was over gosh 13
years ago, more than 13 years ago. And
you know, I was ordering it the same day
and I was in it was on a Saturday and I
was investing on Monday when the market
opened. It it was that meaningful of an
experience for me and just that one test
drive. And again, this was no FSD. There
was nothing at the time. It was to me it
was just the the performance and
capability of the vehicle and how it
drove. And now look where we are now 13
years later when you get in the car and
you just have to say, you know, hey
Grock, I want to go here and everything
is it's one button press and you're and
the car is driving itself. So some of
that is happening. I think there's a
there's a huge word of mouth eye opening
thing happening with FSD2 because it's
so it's so good at this point and now
other countries are experiencing it that
it's also going to drive some of this
activity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Here is his portfolio two 20
billion. This is as of Q1 19 19 stocks
and then uh Tesla is in the top five
holdings but his biggest holding is
actually Apple 36% Birkshire Hathaway
21% Nvidia 12% company called Pin Dual
Duel and then Tesla. So uh but that if
you look at the change percentage change
in portfolio in Q1 Tesla's actually
number one 6% growth in how much he
invested in that. Yeah it's good list. I
like his list. Uh, makes sense. But he
just did a complete reversal and so did
JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley. If you
guys know JP Morgan was a perma bearund
and whatever dollars hated Tesla
&gt;&gt; $50 car. Yeah.$145
&gt;&gt; for years
and now they changed. Now they've
upgraded to a buy underway to neutral
sorry but now 475. It's crazy. 145 to
475. 227% increase in there. I mean,
three major factors. I don't know where
he where this guy got this from. Um, AI
and autonomy shift, market and reality
check. Yeah, they've had it for years. I
don't think that's it. Burring the
hatchet. And we know that Jamie Diamond
just hosted Elon Musk last weekend, last
week. Uh, and actually interviewed him
and his mother. I honestly feel like
Jamie said, "Hey, can we have May Musk
here so that you know he'll like me
again?" You know, like I'm gonna be nice
to the mom. Uh but we know that and and
so so is pointing out that this price
target wasn't because oh they became
bullish all of a sudden. They they they
basically got rid of the old analyst.
They got a new analyst and the new
analyst is saying this now clearly from
my perspective it's because they want to
be part of the SpaceX IPO and so now
they're making good and trying to you
know make amends have a new analyst fix
this. Elon says fine you're part of the
IPO and that's what happened.
&gt;&gt; But at the core of it the old analyst
wasn't accurate. That's to me the core
of it.
&gt;&gt; If if he was bearish and accurate, I
would have tremendous respect for that.
I always want to hear the bear case, but
whether you're you're bullish and not
accurate or bearish and inaccurate
and that's why he's not there. So, I
think that's I think that's actually
more of the driving case, but I I can
see these other ancillary things uh
stepping in. it they're not it's not
supposed to there's supposed to be a
wall between these things but like I I
get the story about a wall all the time.
There's a wall at the ad you know the ad
buyers for these there there's no way
that they're buying ads just to get
favor with the of course they are. So
yeah these walls really don't exist.
This is what this this this example is
showing you that the other analyst
wasn't he wasn't accurate.
Yeah. Uh it's embarrassing actually and
they just did it because I think a spite
and of course he was wrong. Uh Morgan
Sally they've also are now back in the
game and they're buying. So they've in
the Q1 again everybody's was buying in
Q1. Another $1.26 billion of capital
back into Tesla. Big money stacking
again. You know this is the thing about
uh what's happening is now institutions
own over 51% of Tesla stock. Retail,
which used to be over 50%, is now down
to 31%.
So that's it. Big money is buying Tesla
now. This is we've been waiting for
this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Stock is flat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I
&gt;&gt; retail getting scared out because of
Robbo taxi too slow, right? Like the
wrong timing for retail to get scared
out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, we're not giving anybody
advice what what or when to do do
things, but
uh it just looks like a table's being
set and and dinner time is like it's
it's around, you know, 6:30 7 like it's
close. We don't know exactly when dinner
is going to be called, but you can smell
it like it's close.
&gt;&gt; Uh but at the same time, you know,
people can do whatever they want.
There's other there's other stock
there's many other stocks like there's
so many other themes that are happening
in the market right now. uh people can
do whatever they want but uh you I mean
we're showing data both the the banks
the institutions
and these these mega hedge funds are
starting to to I don't think it's enough
by the way I don't think it's like it's
not across the board like if you look at
some of these across the board they just
look like mag seven uh these hedge funds
just holding to just a ton of mag seven
stocks but I think there's going to be
this here's where I predict is
happening. There was a shift from chips
and just mag 7 a year or so ago. And I'm
not saying those stocks are bad. They're
they're obviously doing very well. The
earnings growth is great. But then
there's clearly been a shift over the
last year to the AI AI ancillary stocks.
The stocks the companies that are
that feed power into the data center for
example and so forth. They're those are
going cooling and so forth. Those have
been going through the roof. I think the
next rotation there could be many
rotations but one is definitely into
physical AI. I think Tesla's going to be
front and center and I think the moat is
going to be very large but I think
you're going to see two things
happening. One is a shift in emphasis on
Tesla as the only public company with
tremendous physical AI assets and then
you're going to see a bunch of startups
be be go public. Uh I think that's the
other though the the next wave that's
happening in physical AI.
&gt;&gt; Well Jeeoff thank you for uh sharing
your time for the audience. You are the
expert in physical assets. I mean and
it's that is Elon's playbook isn't it?
It's hardware is hard and he doesn't
just do it for Tesla which is bots and
cars and people can see that and that's
why things are taking forever and
operations too by the way. It's not just
hardware and operations uh efficiency.
He's doing it for Tesla but takes so
long to show up. He's doing it for
SpaceX too and actually and he's doing
it for AI as well. People are like just
don't realize it's the same playbook.
It's pretty obvious he said but no one
can really do it. That's the difference.
And then you've got the experience to
actually uh guide us here. Thank you
Jeff. Follow him on his ex account at
the Jeffoff Lots. Thanks everybody. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.