Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Escalade IQ Seat Design Teardown | Materials, Cost, and Build Quality
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od_6QQnNc1Q
Published:   2026-04-23 20:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Monroe Live. So, we are
taking the opportunity today since we
have the Cadillac Escalade IQ. We have a
physical sample in front of us, we've
been able to do an exterior review and
interior review, but thanks to our
partners with A2 Mac1, they were able to
provide us with the torn down components
that are into the seats. And I wanted to
kind of talk about some of these
specific features. Now, this is a three
row vehicle, but we only really have the
components for the first row laid out
here. Otherwise, this video would be
very, very long. Now, as I said
previously, second rows in three row
vehicles, I think, are the most
inefficient seats. Um, so it would be
interested to do a deep dive in those,
but we're not going to do that today.
So, we're paying attention to the
driver's seat. Now, the driver's seat,
the primary seat, you are the owner.
This is the comfort. This is the luxury
that is being provided to you. So there
are a few features in here that I wanted
to show. One, you'll notice when we look
at the physical seat that we have a
fairly high seatback. So that high
seatback foam, you'll notice that there
are areas where they integrate features
into the seat. Now what these actually
are, this is for the massaging function.
The massaging function in the seat
is done by these little pods
that have a air pump to fill them up.
Now, you would expect or you would
normally think when you think massaging,
you think of vibration. This is actually
moving and expanding for pressure points
across your back. All of this being run
off of a pump. Now, we see this type of
features also with lumbar supports.
Within the lumbar support, you have
these bags that will go across the back
of the seat on top of the suspension mat
structure. These will inflate to push
out for the lumbar. This is very, very
traditional.
This, not so much.
So, this is the mat that spans across
the heat structure. This is what the
foam sits up against. the lumbar the
little lumbar bags would normally fit on
this and push from behind the foam. Now
this is a integrated two big wires with
an injection molded panel. They've done
these in multiple different ways.
Sometimes this will all be made of wires
like this sample here.
This is the same type of structural
support from another vehicle. But you'll
notice this is just made with a bunch of
bent wires. This would be more of a low
cost. But I want you to think about
this. All of these wires, there's a lot
of flex. There's a lot of give. This
type of a lowcost seat sometimes can
actually to some be more comfortable
because it has more flex. This is fairly
rigid. It's going to prevent your
movement. So sometimes the lesser
expensive material actually provides you
with more of a comfortable feel, more of
a luxurious feel than what someone would
anticipate as being the more high-end
feature. So here's my actual seatback
structural frame. Now, we've torn down
many seats, but really in the past few
years, we have not had too many seats
from General Motors. So, I don't know if
this is unique to Cadillac, if this was
a unique design for this vehicle or if
this is their corporate common seat
structure that they will put into
everything. Now, I'm looking at the
welding. You'll see that these are
basically a bunch of MIG welds. When we
compare that to what we saw from
Hyundai, which also makes the S
structures for Rivian, all of those
welds were laser welds. The only time
where they actually had MIG welding is
when they would try and make that
structure fit some feature that they had
in Rivian that did not exist in Hyundai.
Those features would be MIG welded on.
So, I don't know if this is their
corporate common, this is their high
volume for every vehicle and they're
doing the MIG welding or if this was a
lower volume unique to this vehicle. I'm
looking at the stamping. I mean, all of
this looks fairly rough. I'm not
entirely sure if this was from the tear
down or if this is what's left over from
the stamping process, but since it
exists on both sides like that, I'm
assuming that this is left over from
stamping. I was very curious about these
brackets. Now, the reason I'm curious
about those brackets is because we don't
really see cross supports like this on
any of the other seats that we've torn
down.
Now I was trying to understand well
maybe there is some feature that is
being supported by this. You'll see a
round hole then an oblong hole. That
would be the primary locator and then
this would be the anti-rotation feature.
More than likely this is for fixturing
for when they're welding this together.
I don't believe anything actually
attaches to this. So why would they weld
in this type of a cross support? Here is
what I assume. I assume that this went
into testing and they found out that
they had some sort of an issue when they
were pressing on the seat from one side
to the other and it was either
collapsing or deforming. They threw
these in as a band-aid to stop that.
Now, this is my own assumption. I don't
know if that's entirely true, but let me
show you this other seat structure.
Here is a seat structure from a very
high volume vehicle. As you can see, all
of the laser welds. This has been a seat
structure that has been tuned to be very
efficient and it's used in many, many,
many vehicles. But what I want to show
you is this section here.
You will notice that if I look at this
lower stamping, it's fairly straight,
fairly thin coming from side to side.
But if I come to this,
you'll see it increases up. There is
this natural gusset that's being formed
in here, creating a larger section on
the side. What I assume is the shape of
this stamping creating that gusset is
giving them the strength that they need.
But this narrower profile was not.
Now when this went into testing, you
have a limited amount of time to respond
from any type of a failed test before I
have to go into production. So these
structural supports I would almost want
to say is the kitchen sink method. Throw
whatever we can at it to make it work.
It's going to pass. We have to pass in
the next round of testing. We can't tune
it. I'm assuming that that is what this
feature is. It does not need to be this
big. It could have been smaller, but
they did not want to take the chance of
having another failure if they had a
failure and make something more refined
just to this tight area. They
went all in to make sure that they're
not going to have an issue. Now, again,
this is my opinion. I don't know if
that's actually what happened for the
seat, but it makes sense to me. So,
moving over to the seat back panel. This
is the rear of either the driver or the
passenger front seat. Now, this panel
has trim attachments integrated into it.
So, this panel would be in place. Um,
they can lock into these side features
here.
This panel has actual live stitching on
the cover just down the center line.
Now, if I flip this over,
you'll see where they had to do all of
the edge folds. Anywhere where you have
what I would call this is an outside
corner, you have too much material, so
they would clip it out. But anywhere
where you have an inside corner, there's
not enough. They had to slice these in
order to try and get it to stretch. This
is always very difficult because as you
slice them, it have the uh possibility
of having these cuts being visible from
the other side if you're not able to get
it to stretch and lay down properly.
Now, the other wrapped back panel that
we really talked about was the Rivian.
The Rivian back panel used a
solventbased spray adhesive. They only
sprayed on this side. When they had to
do the edge fold, we could actually see
the brush marks. They hand brushed a
solventbased adhesive to do that fold.
This one, this is a spray adhesive along
the edge fold. This color and this
texture, this is a water-based adhesive,
not the solventbased adhesive. Now, the
difficulty with the water-based adhesive
is if you are trying to glue to a TPO.
TPO has poor green strength, meaning
that this type of glue can peel up
before you can even get it to secure and
bond. Um, lots of times you end up
having to do some sort of a uh process
to fling treat. It's a big headache
every time that I'm working with a
customer that insists on a piece of
plastic being TPO. They want it for the
cost. They want it for the flexibility.
If I want a piece of plastic that I'm
going to glue to, I don't want to have
to spend the money flame treating. I
want an ABS part. And you'll see that is
what we have here. This is an ABS panel,
which means that the glue is going to
stick to it. Now, we saw from the
vehicle that we have for display that
they have a video screen on this upper
shoulder. Well, we don't have one in the
headrest area here. How are they
actually doing that? There's a couple of
possibilities.
They may have a completely different
tool, a large back panel that has that
type of a cutout that they then have to
wrap around inside of this edge to
accommodate for that screen. However, in
my opinion, and if I were developing
this, what I would do, I would wrap this
panel, and this would be the same panel
for every vehicle. When I have a vehicle
that has a screen, I would create a
punch tool and I would punch out this
section. You can kind of see this line.
I'm almost assuming that that would be
the line that they would punch. Now,
let's try and look at our static sample.
This plastic bezel sits proud of the
surface and this is what is supporting
the screen.
In my opinion, you would punch and cut
out this panel and you'd have a small
section that is then being covered up by
this base.
To me, that would make more sense. It
prevents you from having to have
multiple injection molding tools and
other issues within your process. I'm
only wrapping one back panel and cutting
them as needed. So, you see the width of
this seat back. Um, what we call these
areas the shoulders of the seat back.
This is quite wide. Whereas our seat
back panel gets very, very narrow. But
this gets narrow below the foam height.
Well, we don't want people in the second
row seat being able to reach up, grab a
big piece of foam, and having it deform
in your hand. We want some stiffness
here. So, how are they doing that?
This is a plastic structure that is
secured to the metal seatback frame. Our
foam from the A surface
mounts into that cavity, giving us the
strength that we need to pull on. When
we mount the seat back panel,
you'll see it bites into this groove.
So, our cover is being stretched over,
being locked in place, and then we have
a what we would call a bite to STTO
locking this back panel in place. that's
giving me the strength that I need, that
grab point, um, but still being able to
make it very, very smooth. It's not
going to deform. Uh, it's going to be
much cleaner execution over time.
So, this would be the cushion structure.
Now, this structure would have some
connectors, some legs on it. This is
just the main part of the frame. I
wanted to show you this to show how the
seatpan would mount and integrate into
that frame. This is what it's actually
taking the load from you sitting on this
seat. Uh there may be some other
suspension mat area down back here that
would have more flex, but this would be
locked. You'd have a pivot point here
and if you have an adjustable seat, this
could ride up and down to provide a
little bit more comfort. Now, one thing
that impresses me, which I have seen on
a couple of other General Motors
vehicles, this pan
is incredibly thin, incredibly
lightweight.
Now, because of that, if I hold it, you
can see how much I can flex this pan.
Question is, is that a problem? How much
would this deflect during a crash
situation? I'm not entirely sure. I
don't know how their testing is done,
but I have seen this type of a very thin
metal on several vehicles. Now, this pan
and this structure more than likely
would be common for many GM vehicles,
not just the Cadillac. But there is a
feature of this seat that I want to
point out that they had to address
separately. You'll notice this wrapped
cushion. Now, you see how it goes all
the way down to the bottom. Most of the
time, we would see the plastic come all
the way around this front edge. All
right? So, we would see plastic seat
cover stopping up, but this is a
Cadillac. This is premium. They're
taking that nice wrap material and
running it all the way down. Well, how
are they doing that? How are they
securing this? And how are they holding
this shape? Let's show you.
So, this piece of plastic would sit
underneath the seat and provide that
extra support going all the way down,
allowing that cover to reach down. The
foam would fit over top of that. And
when I trim out my cover, I'm trimming
all the way down to that plastic.
Here's the problem. If I'm talking about
this from a cost perspective, all right,
normally we would have a plastic side
panel. We don't have the plastic side
panel, but we still have this plastic
structure. So, I'm still paying for the
plastic either way. And normally, if we
had that plastic side panel, our trim
cover would stop much higher. But I am
paying for extra foam and I am paying
for extra synthetic leather material to
cover that edge. So, I've doubled the
amount of material that I have to pay
for because of that feature. This is a
$150,000 vehicle. I expect that some of
the money that I'm paying for the
vehicle is providing me a look and
providing me a comfort, providing me
something that is different than a
traditional plastic side panel. So, to
me, that type of an execution is worth
it for the price of the vehicle. Now,
there is something that I do want to
point out that I don't think is worth
it, and it is the plastic side panel of
the second row seat. Um, special
mention, we're not really getting much
into the second row seat, but this is
something I feel that I have to call
out. You'll notice that this has very
sharp parting line edges. It looks very
glossy. And then look at the grain. That
texture is the same thing that you would
expect to see in a very inexpensive
vehicle. It almost makes you think that
the word play school goal should be
written on the side of it.
So here's that piece from a torn down
example. Now that is from the second
row. This is from the first row. These
are actually different resins. If you
look at the texture, they're actually
different grains. Um,
and I don't understand that. Why would I
have a different grain? The grains cost
the same no matter what. This provides
more of a matte surface finish, which in
this vehicle I think would be more of a
luxury type finish. When we look at the
Rivian, all of the plastics in the
Rivian R1T had a matte finish. They were
also painted, but they also had this
very, very light grain. This very thick,
very, very heavy grain,
I would say, would be from a very
inexpensive vehicle and does not make
sense in this Cadillac.
So, for the first row seat for the
driver, we are looking at the seat back
cover and the seat cushion cover. Now,
there's a couple things that I want to
point out here. One, this is not
leather. This is synthetic material.
Personally, I prefer leather. Now, some
people make the argument that, "Oh,
leather gets so hot." That is not true.
Most people don't realize that what they
think of leather in their car isn't
really leather. I want you to think
about this. If a welder is welding
something and they want to protect
themselves from heat, what do they use?
Leather gloves. Leather is actually an
insulator. When I used to make leather
parts for vehicles and I had to do heat
bonding, I had to turn up the heat and
extend the cycle times of anything that
I was making out of leather compared to
anything that I was making out of
synthetic material. Synthetic material
sucks up heat and dissipates it quickly
into your backside. Leather does not.
Since it is a natural insulator, um I in
my opinion and in my experience,
true leather seats should not be hot.
Also, it depends on how you finish the
leather, but a true leather seat should
not be glossy. When I look at this and I
see this type of gloss,
um I automatically think artificial
material. Now, if you're looking in an
older vehicle and you have very, very
glossy seats, that's because it's most
likely body soil, body oils that have
collected on that leather over time. If
you do a deep cleaning, that leather
would matt right out. So, this type of a
synthetic material, I'm not really sure
what it is made out of. We say
artificial leather, but in truth,
artificial leather means everything. It
could be PVC which would be like the old
nogahhide that you would see in vehicles
from many many years ago. Then we
started going to PURs and the PURs PU
materials would be much more plush uh
more luxurious higher cost. To my
knowledge, which I'm not really sure if
this is it, General Motors has been
switching to a siliconebased material
for their artificial leathers.
Let's look at the material itself. Now I
have a bunch of blue material. Then I
have blue material with um perforations.
Do all of these come off the same roll?
Well, let's look at the back.
You'll notice that this material has
different foam that's applied to it.
Those foams are applied
um as a lamination process before the
roll ever comes to the company that's
going to be cutting these apart and
sewing them into a seat cover. Which
means that this company for that
material must have three different
materials on hand that they have to use
to cut all the parts. Which means my
utilization is hurt by that. This
material with pink can only be cut from
the material with that foam backing. If
I have extra, I cannot cut these pieces
out of this material. I am stuck with
these pieces are only coming out of that
roll. These pieces are only coming out
of that roll, which may increase my
scrap rate. So, I have my phone. I have
my attachment points for the seat cover
into the foam. So, I would take this
cover.
I would apply it
and I would lock my cover into all of
these attachment points. So now I have
this flap hanging off the side.
In this flap, I am now sticking the
airbag and the posts are coming out of
this edge.
I'm pulling that around the foam. Then I
am applying this to the structure.
So again, my airbag is in this little
pouch. My cover is being stretched
around. I have to then feed my airbag
through the airbag bolt holes. I have to
come in and access with the foam in
place and bolt my airbag into place.
When the airbag goes off, this material
acts as a reinforcement material which
forces the deploy bag to go forward and
tear out.
Almost every one of my North American
OEMs, this is the method that they use.
But this is very very labor intensive
and cumbersome to install the back. When
I look at some of my Asian OEMs, they
will actually secure the airbag into the
structure before they put on the foam,
before they put on the cover. They still
have this material sewn into the cover,
but they will have it open on the back
side so that when the airbag goes off,
it's still being driven forward, but I
no longer have that cumbersome assembly.
So from the aside of this cover, you'll
see the perforations. And we've talked
about this before. Look at it. These are
not all the same hole.
They are offset differently. They are of
different sizes. They have areas where
there are no holes where they have these
uh lines going top to bottom. So how are
they doing that? I'm not just buying a
roll of material with a bunch of holes
on it. I am perforating all of these
holes.
Several years ago, we did a video at the
Interior Expo and we showed some of the
machines that do this. They actually
have different punch heads and they can
come through here and punch out that
material. It's more of a CNC process.
So, I program where I want the punching
to be. And the exact same machine can
come in and do this stitching. That is
what these lines are. Those are
embroidered seams. And if you get in
really close,
you can really see all of the holes from
that stitch material. That is just a
line of embroidery from top to bottom.
Understanding these materials and
understanding these processes is what I
do when we are consulting with our
customers. If it is an OEM, they are
designing the outside of the seats, but
they often don't design the components
that are inside. they have a supplier
that would normally be their tier one or
their JIET supplier and they're managing
everything else. We can help our
customers understand these are all of
the steps that are going into your
product. These are all the steps that
are going into your seat and we can help
them rethink are you putting the value
where it needs to be for your customer.
Do you have costs that we can cut out of
the process and save you money but yet
still provide the luxury, the feel, the
comfort that the customer may have? This
is what I do and this is what I enjoy
doing. I almost tell people that my
career has turned into graphical
mathematics because I'm trying to
understand where all these costs are,
what are the effects, how can we do
these things better to save our
customers, which would be the OEMs
money. And then the final customer, the
people that are purchasing these
vehicles every day, how can we give them
the product that they want, the comfort
that they need, and coming in at cost
that is beneficial. So, within Monroe,
that's what we do. That's what we like
to do. Um, so if you're interested in
our videos and our reviews, please um
stick around uh subscribe. But if you're
interested in our process and how we
bring value to our customers, you can
also contact us and we can help you.