Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX’s Secret Weapon Is NOT Elon
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxP7gvkOsN8
Published:   2026-06-14 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-14 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The person next to Elon Musk, who is
most important for SpaceX, is President
and COO Gwyn Shawwell. She was the 11th
person to join the company at its
founding in 2002. Today, we'll watch
several interviews of her. One in
particular that is most exciting for
Tesla investors is her answer when asked
to respond to the rumors of a SpaceX
potential merger with Tesla. Her answer
was definitely not a denial. I would
personally love it if Gwyn becomes the
COO for a combined company and she helps
manage Tesla. Gwyn is one of the best
executives out there. Gwyn also shared
her thoughts on their ability to build
AI satellites and the need to build a
lot of chips. She also shared that
SpaceX is going to not only be building
its own natural gas pipelines, but also
extracting it itself. And she said that
other potential companies SpaceX might
acquire other AI companies. Finally, she
goes on a tour with Morgan Brennan of
CNBC. We got Larry Goldberg here with us
today. He's a serial entrepreneur and
has been an active venture capital
investor for the last decade. Check out
lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; I know you and I are both fans of Gwen
Shotwell. Um, we if there is in the
future, we don't know, but if there is
an acquisition of Tesla, we would
welcome Gwyn. She's an incredible
executive, steady hands, calm. I want to
show some videos of her being
interviewed and you can decide for
yourself. Uh, but she seems to be uh
just one incredible executive that's out
there. Uh, she was interviewed several
times by Morgan Brennan of CNBC.
Fantastic interview, great questions,
great answers by Gwyn and obviously the
first one I want to go right up to the
bat is the question that she was asked
about, is there a potential for a merger
with Tesla? We wanted to know what she
says. Listen to her answer. Very
interesting how she answered this. could
merge with its sister company Tesla. Um
this is just one example of some of the
notes that are circulating right now.
This is Dan Ice from Wedbush continue to
believe that SpaceX and Tesla will
eventually merge 80% plus chance in his
view into one company in 2027 and that
the groundwork is already in place for
both operations to become one
organization. Your response?
&gt;&gt; Uh that might make Elon's life a little
easier actually.
Um there's no question that there's
synergies between Tesla and SpaceX and
our futures. Definitely there's a
convergence uh of kind of what we're all
trying to accomplish in the future. But
right now I'm focused on keeping the
lights on here, keeping rockets in
production, flying rockets, flying
people, getting to the International
Space Station, and critically providing
broadband to folks that don't have
access to that critical capability. So
I'm really focused on that. that I'm not
focused on that part of the future at
least.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; does she hear what she just said? I'm
not focused on that part of the future
at least. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And she goes, it certainly would make
Elot's life a lot easier. And there's
clearly a lot of synergies. To me,
Larry, this is the most obvious answer
that was not a what would you expect an
executive to say? Hey, I have no idea if
that's going to happen. I I don't think
cannot comment whether or not it is even
something we do or not do. [laughter]
She says no. This is the clearest
example that this is going to happen.
Larry, this is it. Listen to what she
said.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think you'll remember my white
paper of February when I said this is
going to happen and kicked off all the
excitement. A lot of people push back
very hard. Tesla stock wasn't doing that
well. You know, they got really bent out
of shape. But it's a natural. It is so
necessary and so natural that it's going
to happen. Winshot Will is the
absolutely ideal COO of an enlarged
group. She just seems to naturally, you
know, expand her breadth of reach on a
very relaxed basis. She's incredible at
employing people. She channels Elon so
well in terms of the quality of people
she employs. And then I will add another
to your uh list of pointers towards a um
merger in terms of people. Brett
Johnson.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Brett Johnson is the CFO of SpaceX and
he has done a magnificent job. He's been
the handson driver of this public
process, this process of taking them
public and uh he has steered the company
through round after round after round of
financing in an almost seamless fashion.
And they make such a team, two of them.
you know, there's such high respect and
high regard for each other and for each
other's position and their relationship
with Elon and so yeah, I think that it's
it's a given.
&gt;&gt; You know, I still hear people say that
it's not a given. uh but it was very
clear in the S1 amendment that they
already said that we may you know we're
increasing our uh shares uh available so
that we can maybe but do a massive you
know large acquisitions um so regardless
&gt;&gt; what was my favorite white paper
inspired by
&gt;&gt; oh what was it
&gt;&gt; it was inspired by the very poor
performance
of the company's
senior staff
at the
&gt;&gt; at the earnings call.
&gt;&gt; At the earnings call.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I thought to myself, it's so clear
what's what the problem is here. It's
so, you know, and I'd been to meetings
where Brett Johnson had presented
before. And I'd followed Gwen Shotwell.
I mean, going back 12 years, 15 years,
16 years. [clears throat] Yeah. 16
years. So, it was very clear to me. It's
very clear to me.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And I I want to need to clarify to
the audience, we need to wait until we
hear what the proposal is. What are the
conditions of a potential acquisition
before you can decide if you think you
will vote yes or no on the shareholder
meeting? We've got some people out there
now saying that you should vote no. How
do you say that if you do not even know
the details of this yet?
&gt;&gt; That's so silly. Look, one of the
reasons, one of the reasons why I
decided this is not going to happen
immediately and why it's going to go
into next year is we want Rover Taxi to
catch the attention of the public.
&gt;&gt; We want uh Rover Taxi to drive the share
price of Tesla up.
It makes no difference to Elon what the
price is they pay for Tesla stock.
really he could care less whether his
net value his current net worth is 1
trillion 1.1 trillion 800 million he
doesn't give it continental what he's
trying to do is find the right meld to
satisfy you know the company's mission
number one and number two to make all
shareholders you know comfortable
and number maybe number two is actually
to make sure that the people that work
for him are comfortable and number three
is to make sure the shareholders are
that's what drives him. He doesn't give
a rest ass about
&gt;&gt; what his own net worth. Exactly. You're
right. All right. Just to clarify, uh
you you just said it. You believe that
there will be an acquisition offer, but
it won't happen until I think you said
January or something like that. Sometime
next year as opposed to Alexander. Yeah,
Alexandra's talking about it happening
right away. I don't think so. I think
they've got a lot of fish to fry between
now and early next year. A lot. You
know, they they've got they've got three
things to take care of.
A lot of things I don't want to start
now because everybody will argue about
they have a huge amount of work between
now and next year. Number one. Number
two, Tesla's in the roll out of robo
taxi. We need clarification. We need
clarity. We need the path that that is
taking to dis to determine the value of
Tesla and and we've got this huge
lockup. People with test with SpaceX
stock don't want a massive
merger before their lockups expire. So,
all of these things are really important
to consider.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Very wise words. Appreciate that.
Let's move on to Gwen Shotwell. More
things that she actually said. Phil
Trouy pointed out um first of all, he
thought it was one of the most
intelligent interviews. Uh kudos to
Morgan for asking great questions, good
follow-up questions. Um and uh some of
the nuggets he pointed out, one is
SpaceX is going to not only be building
its own natural gas pipelines, but also
extracting it itself. It sounds like a
very similar story all the time. you.
&gt;&gt; That was an announcement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was an announcement. We
haven't heard about them extracting it.
And she didn't say extracting it. She
said possibly extracting.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I listened to that again. Uh I think she
said possibly extracting it.
&gt;&gt; Uh Gwen called out AI companies as
potential companies for SpaceX to
acquire with their newly minted public
stock. With respect to Tesla, I'm not
focused on that part of the future.
Yeah, that we just saw that part. uh
acquiring AI companies. It's codecs
maybe more, right? That's the whole
point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I'm very excited about uh the
the acquisition. Um it it seems to me
that curs is a huge product. It is a
great um fit with Grock. Uh it will
inform Grock's build product. Um you
know, they are on the very forefront of
technology and I think they would bring
a lot to Grock. So we'll see. It has to
be a cultural fit.
&gt;&gt; Uh Gwen also talked about AI satellites
are to some extent simpler than the
Starlink satellites. Uh and she said we
have to build a lot of chips. Let's
listen to what she said there.
&gt;&gt; Than the Starlink satellites. I think
the technology on the Starlink
satellites was far more it was harder to
achieve. Um AI satellites are simpler.
I'm not saying it's a it's a slam dunk
by any stretch, but I'm not worried
about the um the the development of the
AI satellites. We do have um we've got
some supply chain challenges in front of
us. We've got to get solar cells right.
Um and we have to build a lot of chips.
Not because we necessarily want to build
chips, but I don't think the chip
manufacturers are thinking about scaling
in the same ways that we're thinking
about scaling or they don't believe us.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that's very important to hear
because uh the the the whole you know
business model for uh SpaceX is AI data
centers in space. People think that okay
when Elon says we're going to get 1
gawatt of compute up into space 2027
and he pulled it forward a year. That's
shocking to people and they said yeah
you need to have 500 plus you know
Starship launches to be able to do that.
How how are you going to do that? Okay,
so you know I think this is important to
be very conservative and say okay they
maybe they won't get their Iron Bernett
Mark 33 is very conservative. When you
hear Gwen Shotwell talking about this a
she says it that it's actually simpler
to create because they they know how to
create Starlink satellites. She feels
like okay AI data satellites we're going
to need to make them but it could be
simpler and not harder which is you know
what so much debate on online about
that. So that's good to hear from her
whether or not this is achievable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I just want to say a word about
the debate online. Debate online is
truly dismal. [laughter]
I mean it is truly dismal.
&gt;&gt; Some random goes up and says radiation.
Don't they know a flask has this vacuum?
Whatever. It's like you're not even a
science expert. Stop it.
&gt;&gt; Come on. Jerry Jerry rig everything can
build anything. So he should know,
right? I mean some of the comments look
it is not a solved problem.
It is a sol problem and we already have
uh GPUs up in space. We already have
GPUs being trained up in space. Um we
have many many many
chips in space. Thousands tens hundreds
of thousands of chips in space. We know
all about cooling in space.
um you know and and by the way people
are confused between training chips and
you know and inference ships and we're
not going to put training chips in space
at least that's not the plan currently
uh the plan currently is to put
inference chips into space people get
confused between those two so cooling in
space is actually easier than um these
people make but it is an engineering ing
challenge. Um, and one of the ways the
challenge, so there's a lot to talk
about, but it's all it's engineering,
it's not physics. We're not breaking any
laws of physics. In fact, we're using
the laws of physics because space is
very, very cold. And when you have such
a cold environment, then there are
straightforward engineering methods to
get that heat to dissipate into the so I
don't think there's anything to be
worried about. And I'm told by engineers
who really know the stuff as opposed to
me who who can bluff about this stuff.
Um I'm told by him that this is assault.
&gt;&gt; It's good to hear from Gwen though
because she's obviously the person that
you want to hear from
&gt;&gt; and she's an engineer.
&gt;&gt; Oh, is she? Okay. So obviously Elon uh
is is amazing. He's brilliant. He knows
his stuff. But there's a there's uh too
many times he has now given time frames
that have slipped. So I always prefer to
hear directly from the executive
[laughter]
that is responsible for uh here's
another clip where she's actually giving
a tour to Megan and Megan is actually
taking a year off. So
uh she's she's pretty wonderful. Let's
listen to this
&gt;&gt; tour. So it largely depends on the FAA
actually. Um, we have done an inspace
um, Raptor lighting, so we feel pretty
comfortable, but we want another
suborbital shot on the next flight and
then I hope we at least attempt an
orbital uh, injection on flight 14. Um,
and then from there on out.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What do you think's a reasonable
timeline? I realize a lot has to happen.
&gt;&gt; A lot has to happen. I think we're So,
what is it? Beginning of June, maybe a
monthish away from flight 13.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then we should fly every
month.
&gt;&gt; So we could actually see a starship that
is in operation by the end of this year.
&gt;&gt; Oh, in orbit?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes.
&gt;&gt; I love it. Is that great? I love it.
First of all, I think I called her
Megan. Her name is Morgan. Uh isn't that
great to watch her walk down this
massive factory? She's in charge. She
knows her stuff. Uh flight 13's one
month away. Yes, we'll be in orbit one a
month, but by next year they would need
to get to one every two days. So,
&gt;&gt; I don't know that they'll get to one
every two days before the end of next
year. I think that that would be a
challenge. But, you know, they say
they're going to, you know, I we'll see.
Time will tell.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is that great?
&gt;&gt; I mean, if they do one every five days
by the end of next year, I think we'll
be winning. particularly if they're able
particularly if they're able to return
at least the booster uh in that time.
&gt;&gt; Put it this way, I did not in my you
know forecasts have orbital data centers
until 2028 uh because a I thought it was
going to take them a long time to
actually design it and b you'd have to
get it up there and you might do some
tests pilot test but everything is now
pointing to yeah they might not get to a
gigawatt by next year but they'll get to
maybe half of it by next year and that's
and it's operational, you know,
&gt;&gt; know that they'll get to half a gigawatt
by the end next year, but listen, a year
here or there is not going to change the
the arc of this business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the key thing is flying and
she's pretty confident it's going to be
orbital next year uh this year.
&gt;&gt; Amazing the confidence. Amazing the
&gt;&gt; she's like no. [laughter]
Okay, I want to share uh when she was at
the actual IPO itself and listened to
what she told the staff.
&gt;&gt; Excited to be here today. We make
history again.
We have a history of making history.
So, I want everyone to know that we did
open this morning in a rather exciting
way. We launched Falcon 9 launched
Starlink satellites to orbit.
So what company would do such a thing on
the day that they open in the public
market?
SpaceX would. Right.
&gt;&gt; I want to pause there, Larry, because I
want to get your thoughts on that
because that is very, very telling.
Right. What company would actually
launch a rocket the morning of the space
of the IPO? You you can already hear the
executives of any other company going
that is too risky. This company, that
doesn't stop them. What matters more is
the mission and two risk is their middle
name. Let's go for it.
&gt;&gt; I watch every Falcon launch. Every
single Falcon launch.
&gt;&gt; You're not bored. It's like every other
day now, right? As it is.
&gt;&gt; I've watched of the 400 odd Falcon
launches
or 600, sorry, 600 odd Falcon launches,
I probably watch 400 of them. I
sometimes have to miss it and then I'll
try and c catch it after the fact. It
only takes three or four minutes uh if
they're sending up um they're sending
Starlink up because they cut off the
feed once they're uh in a circular or
once they're in an orbit with the second
stage and the first stage has landed on
the barge and uh yeah I mean there's no
other company that would take that risk
but these guys have dialed it in so
well. Um, but I will tell you what's
even greater that really shocked and I
was very worried about.
They did a Starship test launch
&gt;&gt; less than three weeks before the the the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that one. The one we all watched.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that was incredibly high risk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because they expected an explosion.
It was the maiden launch of the V3 which
had already exploded on the test parts
of which had already exploded on test
stands. I mean talk about risk. This
company doesn't I mean
they are rewriting the risk book.
&gt;&gt; They are let's listen more to what she
says.
&gt;&gt; I am so proud of this team. Today we're
24 not today. This year we are 24 years
old. Elon founded this company in 2002.
initially to build rockets and
spaceships that will take humans to
Mars, the moon, and even beyond. We've
done We've not quite gotten to Mars.
We're almost at the moon. But let's just
quickly run through the amazing things
that you guys have accomplished.
2008, six weeks after a failure of
Flight 3 Falcon 1, we got the first
liquid fueled rocket to orbit from a
private company. Yay. Yay.
By the way, I should have prefaced this
with everyone said we could never get to
orbit. Check. But it was a little
rocket. Then it's everyone said, "Well,
you can't get a real rocket to orbit."
Two years later, we got a real rocket to
orbit. Falcon 9. Oh, well, you'll never
you'll never get to the space station
because that's what we really want to
do, right? We want to take humans
outside the bounds of Earth, but you'll
never get astronauts to the space
station. Check. We did that, too.
doubters, right? Oh, you'll never fly
Falcon 9 enough. You'll never get to
production. Uh 165 launches last year.
Check.
[laughter]
[applause] You'll never build a rocket
large enough to take humans to the moon
and Mars. We build one. We've flown it.
And this year, I believe we'll get to
orbit with that vehicle. and we'll
recover the first the second stage.
We've already recovered the first stage
and refflown it. So, good good on you
all for that too.
With the merger, the acquisition of XAI,
we now as a group own the largest
coherent gigawatt class compute on the
planet, which will help us truth seek
and understand the universe. So,
congratulations to all of us for that.
[applause]
So, we're about 22,000 strong. I'm super
proud that over half of us actually
bought additional stock in this opening
totaling almost a billion dollars.
[sighs and gasps]
&gt;&gt; I don't know what it is. I love her.
She's great. Uh she's organized. She's
thought easy to understand. Uh she
understand she knows everything she
needs to say. um all the accomplishments
very inspiring.
Uh and then I love that she's actually
talking AI. This is it. This is under I
think a lot of people still don't
realize SpaceX is an AI [laughter]
company.
&gt;&gt; I'm just sitting here imagining the
first Tesla
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; quarterly call
with Brett Johnson
and this magnificent lady.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it would change the world.
&gt;&gt; Just be straightforward. Just say the
facts uh and then uh you know good tone,
the right tone sentiment.
&gt;&gt; So thank you for that too.
But really the thank yous go to all of
you for hanging in there for keeping a
straight spine as the doubters doubt to
achieve historic things sometimes every
day multiple times a week. Thank you all
of you for doing this and I hope today
is a day that you feel great about and
that you're celebrating. Take a moment.
Now, the Falcon Recovery Team can't take
a moment today. Um, but everybody else
can and I hope Falcon recovery team
could take a moment a little bit later.
Yeah. And also thank you to the
families, the the partners, the plus
ones, the children, the brothers, the
sisters, the parents that have lived
through long nights, that have seen
launch failures, that have seen uh AI
compute go down, um that have seen kind
of the trials and tribulations of this
incredibly difficult business. Thank you
so much for hanging in there. I know I
can't do this without my incredible
partner and husband, too. uh and uh I
know you all have been a great source of
support for all the SpaceX team and you
are a huge part of this success too. So
thank you for that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, she's so thoughtful. What a great
boss. She's uh aware of what her
sacrifice of her employees have done and
she's you know reached their families.
Uh this was very stressful for SpaceX
and they finally get to celebrate. Yeah,
amazing leader and um just uh you know
it speaks about the quality of the
people in general from the top leaders
all the way down and it's true of Tesla
too by the way. It's absolutely true at
Tesla. They they tend to be a little bit
geekier at Tesla. They tend to be a
little bit more introspective at Tesla.
How Elon reached out and hired this,
you know, gregarious
person amazes me. I mean, she's in her
early 60s, so it doesn't have a long run
to long, you know,
line to run, but certainly good for
another 10 years.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; she was the 11th employee and I think
she's now $2 billion uh worth not worth
if you count all of her shares and
SpaceX uh which she deserve because
that's over 20 plus years of of you know
doing what she's doing but boy she is a
uh you know I think the richest
self-made billionaire whatever uh she
deserves every one of it but here she is
working night and day seven days a week
for SpaceX because of the mission not
because if you're a billionaire What do
you think other billionaires are doing?
Not working.
[snorts]
&gt;&gt; So, what a great boss.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; she's inspiring too. Actually, I found
her that her speech is actually not a
different way of inspiring people,
right? This is what they doubted as. We
did it. We did it. We did it. We did it.
Here's what we're about to do. It's
fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And she's been very loyal to Elon.
That's been very important. when
everybody else started him, she stuck by
his side. So
really important. Really important.
&gt;&gt; Gwen Shotwell. Yeah. COO, president. Is
there a president? There's no president
CEO of Tesla right now, right?
&gt;&gt; No, there is.
&gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter]
Go back and listen to her answer to is
there a merger with Tesla? Go listen to
that again. You tell me if you hear
something I did here. [laughter]
Thank you so much, Larry. That was fun.
As always, uh, follow Larry on his
website, lumisenti.com.
Thanks. I've created a website that is
the most comprehensive resource for the
Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.