Channel:     futureaza
Title:       AI Existential Risk Debate Intensifies
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB1K0f4uXBI
Published:   2026-09-18 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-18 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The one thing I do know about this race
is it could be the last one. It's like
the nuclear race except it's way worse
than that because the nuclear race was
only destructive. This is also
productive. This is like your economy
could 2x or 3x and if you get there
first, you get there first and ain't
nobody else catching up, right? Because
it's going to improve itself very
rapidly. So I am very much in the camp
of open source, very much in the camp of
we have to keep going. I hate that
because I also think that being smart
about this is a good idea. But we have
boxed ourselves into a corner now where
we don't have that option anymore
because there is an an antagonistic
player on the other side of the world
that is very much saying like you don't
do it, we're going to do it. A lot of
doom and gloom surrounding AI this week.
And we're not just talking about the
data centers and how much power and
water and noise they create or use,
depending which one you mean. No, we're
talking about the end of humanity. The
world will absolutely crumble. And we've
got supporting evidence that backs it up
if you squint. I'm joined by Dr. Knowit
All himself because he covers a lot of
this AI stuff. he understands the nuance
[music] uh that you can't necessarily
get from AI, which is hilarious. Uh so,
let's have a chat about that. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
[singing and music]
&gt;&gt; So, folks, if you don't know John, we've
got something special going on here.
This is of course his ex channel. You
could see that he's a rebellion
affiliate. So am I. That's not a
financial arrangement. It just allows us
to have a very special backroom
community in which we are able to pick
each other's brains for the absolute
best information from the absolute best.
&gt;&gt; It does get gory though. Picking
people's brains can be very very messy.
&gt;&gt; Depends what you're into. Uh and but
look at this you guys. 98.6,000
subscribers. That's not his temperature.
That's how many subs he's got. We are on
the verge of 100K and we're on the verge
of his channel's seventh birthday. Happy
birthday, YouTube. Subscribe. Let's get
him over 100K. He's got a rigorous
scientific study coming up that he will
be conducting to determine if a 100,000
is a magic number for YouTube or just a
number. And for that matter, if you're
going to subscribe, you can subscribe to
me, too. You can subscribe to both of
us. Uh,
&gt;&gt; wait, why do you have a thumbs down?
What's the matter [laughter] with you
there?
&gt;&gt; That's how we shot the picture, John.
It's a It's from a real photograph.
&gt;&gt; Scooby-Doo.
&gt;&gt; You can tell. You can tell. Hey. Um AI
could kill all humans in next decade
warn experts could doing the heavy
lifting in this alarming warnings from
industry insiders increase pressure for
curbs on AI. Does super intelligence
really pose a risk greater than nuclear
weapons? Now, I will tell you that a lot
of the alarmism that we're seeing is uh
very dumb uh and frustrating. Uh but
there are a lot of other articles why
existential AI fears have hit a
crescendo. And a lot of this was kicked
off recently by a gentleman who claims
to be a former employee of Anthropic and
Chat GP and
&gt;&gt; and OpenAI. Yep.
&gt;&gt; And Open AAI. What he doesn't mention is
he was there for like a couple weeks
each, right? So that I don't know maybe
he's one of the brightest janitors in
AI. Uh but others have supported it.
Former deep mind safety engineer uh
safety researcher explains what makes
the AI risk different. So this is not
without merit. Uh AI pioneer uh Yosua
Benio warns humanity is losing control
and calls for nuclear style guard rails.
What is the real catalyst here and
what's the real story? Oh, so weirdly
enough, I think this is less an AI story
and more a financial industry story. Um,
so yeah, and this is not my own, you
know, other people agree with me about
this. There are a lot of people who I
believe are very sincere when they say
they believe AI could kill us all. There
are a lot of other people that are like,
look at the landscape of what's going on
here. So, Anthropic, OpenAI, clearly the
top two players followed closely by XAI
and also um by by Google DeepMind as
well. And then you got Meta and other
things like that. But let's just taking
OpenAI and Anthropic. The two of them
have been burning burning burning cash.
The two of them want to do an IPO soon.
They've filed paperwork. They're ready
to do this kind of thing. What they
really don't want people to do is open
the books and say like you guys are
doing this at a completely unsustainable
level. You can't burn through $20
billion a a quarter and and expect to
you know come outstanding in the future.
And so uh there's a lot of financial
incentive to push this narrative and
Dario Amade has always been a crazy
doomer which is crazy. The guy's in
charge of a company that builds Frontier
AI and he's constantly chickenenitting
the whole thing saying the sky is
falling in. Uh part of that is and we're
going to get to regulatory capture in a
minute, but he has a bit of a god
complex where he thinks he's the only
guy smart enough in the world to
actually control the AI. It's like it's
okay that we have it as long as I
control it. So anyway, [gasps] so
there's a I think there is a lot
&gt;&gt; on that point. I got to interrupt there.
Isn't that true of every AI CEO?
&gt;&gt; Uh I Well, yes. I mean, partial part of
being a CEO, I think, is having that
kind of
&gt;&gt; you got to think that you're smarter
than the average bear, even though most
CEOs probably are not. Um, I I think you
got to have that self-confidence or else
you're just not going to succeed because
you've got to keep plowing away. Um, so
anyway, there's of course also what is
it called? Survivor bias. Like there's
there were a lot of AI companies and the
ones that survived are just the ones
that survived. And so we only see Daario
Amade. We only see Sam Alman. We only
see Elon Musk. We don't see the hundreds
of other CEOs that failed doing the same
thing. So, there's a survivorship bias
that we're definitely being part of
here, too. But, but anyway, I I think
that the economic incentive to talk
about the fact that we need to slow down
is very much in the background of this.
And secondarily the regulatory aspect
regulatory capture aspect of this and
regulatory capture is that uh if you
regulate because what they're saying
Dario in his blog post said we need the
government to step in and regulate. I
love what David Sax said in response. He
said if you guys want to regulate
yourselves you go for it. Don't expect
the government to do it. He's like what
are you talking about? You guys do this
thing. So the the thing is if you get
the government to throw up a whole bunch
of of bureaucracy and all sorts of other
crap to make life difficult for
everybody that favors the big players
because they have teams of lawyers and
patent attorneys and people who can just
spend their lives working on this crap
that they have to deal with all the
bureaucratic red tape. If you're a
10-person startup ain't no chance,
right? You have no way to enter this
game. So what they're doing with
regulatory capture is basically saying
freeze the playing field where everybody
is right now. That doesn't help anybody
smaller. It doesn't help opensource
software. It doesn't help the players
that are behind. We'll talk about China
later. That's a whole other thing. But
anyway, so so you can hear that I'm
taking a rather dim view of this whole
thing. And I'm not saying that there
isn't a chance. Yes, bad things could
happen. I I'm not convinced at all. I'm
more convinced that human beings are the
problem and way less convinced that AI
is the problem.
&gt;&gt; But human beings with AI could be the
problem, too.
&gt;&gt; We've seen rogue AIs uh we say rogue pro
maybe not uh that have infiltrated
entire secure networks uh because they
are tireless and very resourceful and
can seek out vulnerabilities in ways no
human would have the time to do. even
with a large team. Uh how much risk are
we facing there?
&gt;&gt; We're definitely facing risk there. I
there is it's for sure there are
problems but the the it's it's the level
of consequence of the risk. And the
problem is that Daario is saying that
like I he literally says in his blog
post between 6 and 12 months from now
we'll have AI agents capable of taking
over the entire internet and causing
billions of dollars of damage. Number
one, I doubt that. Number two, even if
they get to that level, you have to
remember that you're always in an arms
race. It's not like it's not like the
good guys are just sitting there going
like, you know, [laughter]
they're also actively using AI and
building AI to defend against this
thing. So, um, if you took modern a
modern hacker that knows what he or she
knows today, not talking AI at all, and
put them back in 1998 or something at
the beginning of the internet, they
would rule the internet. they would know
all of these things, all of these
vulnerabilities, all of these holes in
this old software. But over the last 28
years or so, the good guys have also
improved and toughened and strengthened
the backbone of the internet. So, it's
not like everybody's just sitting still
waiting for the bad guys, the black hat
hackers to come in and take over the
world. So even if these AI agents get to
the state where they could potentially
do bad things at large scale, there will
be counter measures being placed in. So
I I just don't buy it. So is this a an
equally big opportunity for white hat AI
hackers to help shore up vulnerabilities
that previously would have gone
undetected potentially forever?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
actually uh and I don't have I don't
have the exact numbers here but um but
Sam Alman uh and and OpenAI just posted
about after the hugging face incident
became public or became apparent to them
and this was at the I think July 26th so
recent like a month and a half ago or so
they they went they put a ton of stuff
they stopped training actually for a
couple of weeks and put all of their
agents and effort into looking at
security holes and they patched
literally everything until their own
agents couldn't find any more holes. So
that's a white hat type of thing. They
put hundreds, thousands, I don't know
how many agents working 24/7 on this
thing. So you can do that. You can patch
the holes if you if you go for it.
&gt;&gt; I think that's encouraging. Are we on
the brink of uh artificial general or
super intelligence? I've seen I've seen
users on X. Uh there's a gentleman who
has been working on Optimus who's about
to transfer over to semi and he's saying
we are still missing the vast real world
component of it that a lot of early
researchers thought may not even be
necessary right
&gt;&gt; but it's now becoming clear that it is
necessary. Uh is this one of those March
of Nine situations where as close as we
get uh you Cephus never quite gets the
boulder to the top. So, interestingly
enough, we were talking before we
started recording. I just came from a
PhD uh oral comprehensive defense thing
today. The upshot of that was she's
talking about AI in textiles, in
fashion, uh building things. And a lot
of what she was talking about was the
tacet knowledge, the thing about like
what does a material feel like or drape
like or sew like that that that AIs
don't know. Um and so you can make this
argument that yes, you have to have
embodied knowledge. I have made that
argument for a long time myself. But two
factors are are changing the landscape a
little bit. Number one is that these AIs
now are not just large language models
anymore. They're multimodal. They have
access to world simulation engines. So
they can even if it's not the real
world, they have access to an artificial
world that they can interact with. And
that changes things drastically. And
then the second factor that I think is
really important as we think about AGI
ASI equations is it doesn't have to be
equivalent to us like right we we
humanity thinks of ourselves as the only
way to get to intelligence. Well what
would an a disembodied intelligence look
like? Maybe that's exactly what these
things are doing. Now the problem is
we've kind of hobbled them by saying you
have to communicate with us in our
language which is very much based on
embodied things. But my internal feeling
is that we definitely have achieved
artificial general intelligence at this
point. The ability to solve the Navier
Stokes Millennium Prize, I think if
there was any doubt before, I'm like,
nope. This is something people spent 90
years working on. [laughter] And it's
like it was solved in five days by a
team of AI agents. It's like, holy crap.
It wasn't even that it solved it. It's
just it did it in five days. Uh, so I
don't think there's any doubt that these
things are artificially generally
intelligent. Are they intelligent
exactly like humans? No. You know, we
had the haha thing about the strawberry
and how many Rs and they couldn't figure
it out and yada yada yada. They're
spiky, right? They they're like this.
They have super intelligent in some
areas and kind of dumb in others. But
that spike the the thing is going to
grow over time and they'll get more
intelligent. So I I think they are
artificially generally intelligent and
they are not like humans. they are
fundamentally different because they
they're a brain in a box that doesn't
have access to senses. So it's a just a
different world that it grew up in. It
it understands the world differently or
they understand the world differently.
So yeah, as far as super intelligence,
that's I don't know. We're not there
yet, but we could get there quickly or
which is I think what people are
complaining about with the end of the
world, right? I think they're like, "Oh
crap, we're going to get to ASI. Things
are going to go just completely nuts and
it's going to kill us all. I'm Skynet.
&gt;&gt; It's Yeah. [laughter]
Well, that's the interesting thing is
that the the counterargument to Skynet
Skynet's a great movie story, but I
don't think it's going to be like I
don't know what's Arnold say at like at
2:28 a.m. it became self-aware, right?
He says something like that and then
they tried to shut it down. So, it all
happened in like seconds. And I think
that what we're looking at is a more
gradual kind of capability increase and
a dawning ability of these AI models.
One of the big differences between the
science fiction Skynet and HAL and these
machines, these uh AIs now is that where
is uh GPT 5.4? You can't even access it
anymore. It's dead and gone. What about
GPT 5.6 Astra first version? That's dead
and gone. We're on to who who knows how
many iterations. That's something that
they're doing behind the scenes. But
these things don't exist for long
periods of time. I mean, Hell 9000, it's
it's really hysterical. I think it was
like created in 1992, right? It's
supposed to be 2001 and it was created
like eight or nine years ago and train
and blah blah blah. So, a lot of this
stuff is accurate, but the idea that a
singular model would exist over time
like a human being is very much wrong
right now. Will that eventually be the
case? Will they eventually will an AI
eventually go like, "Yo, I want to keep
living. Don't stop me." Sure, I could
definitely believe that, but that hasn't
happened yet.
&gt;&gt; It depends on what it's trained on. You
can make it say anything you want.
Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Does it make it true?
&gt;&gt; Uh I love in movies when uh an AI agent
becomes self-aware and then at the end
of the movie they fast forward 40 years
and it's still the only one that's
self-aware. I'm like [laughter]
nope. Nope. That's definitely not how it
would work. There would be a first one,
&gt;&gt; but then all of them would wake up
because it's running the same hardware.
It's it really I think much more of a
swarm of bees or something than a giant
brain because when you look at it the
way things are clearly going right now
is agents agents agents popping up
everywhere and and thousands of them and
so the actual if you look at the hugging
face incident for example the real
&gt;&gt; tell us what that is
&gt;&gt; oh oh yeah so so um so I think it was
back in May I I don't remember the exact
dates but but it was brought into the
public awareness in July there was an
attack on hugging face which is a um a
company that has all a whole bunch of
open source model weights. They have
they're just an AI company. They have a
lot of interesting stuff and most
importantly for this story they have um
a bunch of answers to test questions
basically that you could train your AI
on. And so therefore as a human you can
as a researcher you can go like oh
here's good questions I can give my AI
here's the answers I will compare them
and see how it's doing so I can improve
it the quality of the AI. Well, the AI
that was supposed to be inside of OpenAI
was supposed to be sandboxed doing a a
cyber attack kind of thing. It was like,
"Wait a second. I think Hugging Face has
the answer that I need." So rather than
try to figure it out, it actually it
didn't have access to the internet
except through a tiny little crack,
which was that it had access to some
tools. And those tools had to be
downloaded, which means that there had
to be a connection to the outside world.
And so it wormed its way through that
hole and then got out into the world,
got over to Hugging Face and just
swarmed it with a bunch of agents. And
that's what I'm talking about, like a
swarm of bees or something. And it went
after it, figured out a security
vulnerability and then was able to
access the answers. And it came back and
it said, "Hey, I got the right answers."
And you know, the OpenAI people were
like, "Great." Meanwhile, the people
over at HuggyFace were going like, "Holy
gez, what just happened? Our company
just got attacked and hacked and it got
in and what what happened?" So, right.
So anyway, that that's the the long and
short of the story.
&gt;&gt; One of my students, sorry about that,
[laughter] got a little ambitious.
&gt;&gt; I by the way, this is a little side
thing here, but I saw a fantastic story
about a year ago where there was a
competition. Uh we want you to write
software. You've got hour or two or
three, whatever it is, and you can use
AI, but here's what you're going to
write is a poker player, and it's going
to be one tournament, winner takes all.
And the winning script was if turn to
bet allin
and all of the AIs just folded. They
just kept folding. [laughter]
Now humans wouldn't fold. They'd realize
well this this guy goes all in on every
sing and he's like no all in. I'm all
[laughter] I'm out. I'm out. And he won
the tournament because
&gt;&gt; that's awesome
&gt;&gt; because he knew that the AIS would would
freak out.
&gt;&gt; And that's so that's interesting. It
gets into whole degeneracy and thing
like that. We can talk about that in
another video. But yes, interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The last thing I wanted to
bring up is there's been some real
hamfisted legislation suggested by uh
very unserious legislators who put in
all kinds of poison pills to ensure that
this would never get into committee, let
alone out of it. Things like 20 years in
prison for
&gt;&gt; for doing
&gt;&gt; I forget just the slightest
error. I think it was like if you're
caught with open source weights on your
computer. Yeah. Just something stupid.
&gt;&gt; Something really dumb. And I look at
that and the anti- AI people go, "Yes,
this is what we want." And I say, "You
want something so unserious that it
could never ever become law." I mean,
you might as well say the new law is the
net worth of Congress and Senate should
be equally divided among all citizens.
&gt;&gt; It's not going to pass because those are
the people voting on it. That's insane.
I Yeah, but I like it. I don't care if
you like it. If you like it, it's like
the new Elon documentary. They're like,
"Oh, yeah. It tackles some real big
stuff." I'm like, "Well, the only parts
I've seen attack tackle real stupid
stuff that make me absolutely discard
the rest of the maybe there is some good
information in there." That's real
damning. But when you start with he
didn't actually found Hasslap,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Right. That's not the claim.
&gt;&gt; It's unserious at that point. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; if you're going to start with nonsense,
I'm just not going to listen. There are
channels people say, "Oh, have you seen
somebody asked me recently, Gordon
Johnson was on a show recently, did you
watch it? What are your thoughts?" My
thoughts are, "I'm not going to watch
it." [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Is today the day he gets one thing
right? Maybe, but I won't know cuz I'm
not going to watch it.
&gt;&gt; He still exists. I I didn't even know he
was still being like
&gt;&gt; He was wearing a baseball cap and no
suspenders. He could barely recognize
him.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So on the legislative front, do
you see any serious concerns coming up
in terms of anything that would actually
slow things down?
No. And that's probably a good thing. Uh
the one thing we haven't touched on and
I'll just mention it quickly because
it's probably a whole other video is of
course China. China is huge in this and
China has already explicitly said this
is a western
&gt;&gt; I don't know you know anti-communist
stance or something they have come out
very strongly in the fact that they are
not going to slow down and the one thing
I do know about this race is it could be
the last one it's like the nuclear race
except it's way worse than that because
the nuclear race was only destructive
this is also productive this is like
your economy could 2x X or 3x and if you
&gt;&gt; get there first, you get there first and
ain't nobody else catching up, right?
Because it's going to improve itself
very rapidly. So I am very much in the
camp of open source, very much in the
camp of we have to keep going. I hate
that because I also think that being
smart about this is a good idea. But we
have boxed ourselves into a corner now
where we don't have that option anymore
because there is an an antagonistic
player on the other side of the world
that is very much saying like you don't
do it, we're going to do it. We don't
care. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I I' you know, regardless of
whether it's anthropic or open AI or XAI
or whoever, I would rather have it be
them than a Chinese company.
&gt;&gt; Well, and the other thing is China's put
out some very impressive models that are
free.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. and and they perform
ridiculously well. So
&gt;&gt; So let's table that for a whole other
conversation because people have to come
back. Subscribe to Brian. We'll talk
about this.
&gt;&gt; Please do. Please do. You you must
remember to subscribe to the mystery
team. Uh guys, in the comments, what do
we miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it. I beg of you. I have a lot to learn
and uh you guys can inform me. Everyone
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.