Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Why Tesla Is Still Hiding Optimus
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5_oH6waH7U
Published:   2026-09-11 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-11 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Even with the first line in Fremont, I
think being able to manufacture hundreds
of thousands or a million is a pretty
significant moment cuz I don't think
there's anybody in the industry that's
even preparing for that kind of scale,
not to mention the scale that we're
looking at in Texas.
&gt;&gt; This was not an event that was
announced. We're talking Optimus at this
point. Um there has been no event
announced about Optimus, something that
many of us have been waiting for. Elon
initially said it was going to be we're
going to show you the demo version 3 in
December, then it was first quarter. And
then all of a sudden it became we're not
going to show this at all until after
it's near closer to the start of
production so that we know that others
won't be able to steal and copy it. But
here's Jason Calacanis who says that he
from All-In podcast and he's a good
friend of Elon and he's visited the
Tesla Optimus factory at you know lab
before and he says that he was there
recently and he says that it's much
better both hardware and the brain. Uh
let's listen to what he saw.
&gt;&gt; one of the latest Optimus demos. So
teased it at the beginning of the show.
Can't say what I saw.
But I can tell you what I saw
is better than anything I just saw at
these uh World Games.
Optimus is going to be the greatest
product ever made by humanity. It is
next level.
It's being built
by Tesla. You know they ripped out the
Model X and the Model S factory lines
and they're building these. If Optimus
came to these games, I would predict
Optimus wins 35 of 51 contests.
&gt;&gt; I mean what what specifically like why
what puts Optimus so far ahead of like
Unitree or or X humanoid or these
companies that we're showing off at
Beijing?
&gt;&gt; I think you know in addition to the
hardware that I think is
one and a half generations beyond these
I think the brain is like five
generations behind these. This is not to
diss anything happening in China.
They're building legit stuff, but I
think Optimus is
going to be
the greatest selling product in the
history of humanity. It will sell
and provide more value than the iPhone.
I will
guarantee you we will be sitting here in
10 years and there will be 1 billion
Optimuses in the world.
&gt;&gt; Woo, he said a lot there. Do you guys
believe any word he just said? Did he
just say
&gt;&gt; how he recently
how he checked his notes?
He knew damn well what he was saying.
I I always have this feeling that the
All in brothers
brothers of Elon, I mean, you know, are
very well instructed of what they know
and what they can let go. I'm not saying
that they always know exactly timing.
They know exactly how much they can say.
This from Jason
was prepared. Watch it again, you will
see he checks his note at multiple at
multiple occasions. The the billion
number. He wasn't invited to say that.
He chose the topic, he brought the
facts, he compared it to those bot
Olympics, which I watched. I mean, I'm
no bot specialist, but I forced myself
to now watch more shows on on on bots
because there are some really good
people including Scott Walker who's
really good in in this and I think they
communicate very well. I think nobody
was really impressed
by the Olympics. I mean, some of it was
really bad, some of it was as expected.
I don't think there was one bot maker
that really convinced them of having
gone through and been out a
particular leader in the field, at least
from what I hear. Again, I'm no
specialist, it's just from what I take
from from listening to others.
And I understand now very clearly why
Tesla does not want to present much.
Because giving how many, especially
Chinese, are running for it and have
visibly in a certain level stalled, and
now hearing that Optimus is so much
higher, you don't want to give that away
too early. You you know damn well you
will be immediately copied.
&gt;&gt; And so the Gigafactory is Optimus
factory. This is the one that's supposed
to have 10 million
uh human robot or Optimus per year line.
And uh it started in March. And over the
first 5 months, you can kind of see his
the progress. And he goes, I think at
this poise pace, there should be at
least 6 to 8 months yet to go fully
assemble the full structure. But if you
look at his uh photos, this is the
building being put up. And it's getting
closer.
It's getting closer. There's progress. I
mean, the whole point I'm trying to make
here is that name me another human robot
company that has built a factory this
large or started to build a factory this
large. There might be some in China, but
you know, the whole point is
manufacturing. Get get it up, build it,
and then later train it. AGI, you know,
having the generalized AI task, any task
should be able to do. That's the the
race. And that you need to have data
centers.
And you need tens of thousands of human
robots to learn from.
&gt;&gt; Well, this this is leadership in in
conviction.
Tesla believes that Optimus version 4
can be the start of filling up that
facility. That won't be 10 million, you
know, in 2028 or something. It will take
a series of years to get to that. But I
this is this goes back to again the the
China philosophy, many many many OEMs,
many many many different models. And
then see if one sticks or just ship a
lot of models and lean back on your your
your labor cost and and low cost of of
having localized materials. But this is
leadership conviction and vision to
build a facility of that size and
knowing that you don't you don't have
the product yet. You have to make the
product that's going to be in that
facility, but this is
how these decisions are made. If you
look back at the history of Tesla and EV
the ramp-up of the supercharger network,
battery production, all these different
things
were things that were in advance of the
vehicle or the product that would
actually need them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a couple of thoughts. I
think we've covered this pretty well,
but
at the point that Tesla
gets to the ability where they can
manufacture at scale
then obviously
being public with the design and the
capabilities at that point it doesn't
matter because the differentiating
factor is that they can make these
things in tens of millions
and others won't be able to. That's
going to be an interesting moment.
That's a few years away I suppose, but
even with the first line in Fremont, I
think being able to manufacture hundreds
of thousands or a million
is a pretty significant moment because I
don't think there's anybody in the
industry that's even preparing for that
kind of scale, not to mention the scale
that we're looking at in Texas.
And of course Elon's also talked about,
you know, 100 million robot factory at
some point. Um,
you know, that's interesting. The other
thing too just from the world games uh
robot games
is there was one robot in particular it
learned to run in a different way. It it
instead of swinging its arms from the
shoulders it held its arms in front of
itself and rotated from the from the
waist.
And that was more efficient for that
robot and that was really interesting to
see that that robot was learning to
optimize its performance based on how it
was designed. Um, so that's interesting
to see because I think a lot of that
stuff normally would just be discovered
in the lab and the engineers would say,
"Okay, we like that or we don't like
that. Let's change it." But this was a
an opportunity for us to publicly see
some of this
development kind of in real time between
these different companies. Um
so as an interested party in this whole
industry that was great for me to see.
I I wish we could see more of that in
the United States with the development
that's going on and some of the trials
and tribulations of different ideas.
I think that would be cool, but I
totally understand the competitive
reason not to share that.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I've heard uh both Elon say this
and the Figure CEO, Brett Adcock, say
this, which is we are building robots to
become useful at work.
Uh to do useful work.
So, this is a distraction. This is a
distraction to build it for an Olympics
game, for boxing, for dancing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're not as unrelated, perhaps
as you might think, but but yes, I mean,
I think the the focus should be on
having the robot do useful work.
Um it's cool to see a robot jump higher
than a human, farther than a human. It's
cool to see a robot run faster than
Usain Bolt.
That's amazing to see.
Uh I've enjoyed seeing that.
But if US companies went down that path
and if it meant that that they were
designing robots,
uh
you know, for different purposes and not
being useful in a factory or in a home,
uh that that would be a waste of time
and energy for sure.
Uh
like Jeff said, I think China's playing
a little bit of a different game.
They're they're trying to create a whole
new industry. They're trying to create
kind of a competitive pressure to let
the cream rise to the top.
And then there'll be some choices made
about, "Okay, these are the top 10
companies. We're going to anoint them
and from here we're going to fund them."
And maybe at that point the focus
changes.
So, just the way that they're going
about this, I think is different, but I
I know I'm not convinced that's
necessarily bad or it's not going to
work out for them. I think they're going
to going to develop some amazing
humanoid robots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and I actually think it's a great
way to involve the public much more than
the Americans do. I think this exciting
tech, look and watch, see them succeed
or fail or whatever is
much more playful and much more
you know, associating everybody with it.
Everybody starts having a favorite and
whatever. There there is some good into
it. And here the topic is
first of all political, which really
makes me sad, but it's also dry. You
know, you talk to anybody that's not in
the Tesla or SpaceX universe about
manufacturing or orbital data centers,
they look at you as if you're completely
out of it. So, it's um I think China is
doing this right, but it's also serving
its public. I do believe the Chinese
public is much more open to tech. I I
mean
it drives me crazy that in America EV
adoption is at 10% only.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and and it's just such a
failure
by America to transmit the message. Also
Tesla, I'm I'm not taking Tesla out of
this equation. Um because it still isn't
an engineer's product. It still isn't a
large public
product accessible. And I really hope
they're getting it right for Cybertruck
because it you know, it deserves to have
also this easy adoption.