Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Cybercab Could Be Far More Profitable Than Expected
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWnzwHsINE4
Published:   2026-08-22 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-22 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

But we're hearing more and more stories
about, you know, the car is in these
infinite loops or it doesn't pick me up
or drop me off exactly where I want to
go. Those aren't lawsuit material.
That's a reputational risk kind of
material. And so if you scale robo-taxi
and tell people how great it is and then
they're stuck in the car for 20 or 25
minutes waiting to get dropped off,
they're not going to be happy with you.
So they've got to balance out the
revenue opportunity, which is enormous,
versus the cost of lawsuits and the
reputational cost. And I think right
now, obviously, we're seeing them air on
the side of caution. They're trying to
get some improvements so that both of
those things, the lawsuit side and the
reputational side, are uh vastly
improved. In my view, that's that's the
big hang-up right now.
&gt;&gt; Cybercab is coming. Robo-taxi, in some
ways, is already here. I've seen
projections that say it could be the
cheapest thing on the road to operate
and it's not even going to be close.
I've seen other estimates and analyses
that say it's
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; and
not even close. And I think the reality
might be somewhere in between, but who
knows? I could be wrong. You know who
they always tell me I got to talk to
when I'm talking cybercab financials?
It's this guy, Sern Bashar, uh the
spreadsheet wizard extraordinaire who
has made a number of uh projections
about its profitability, about its costs
and operational costs, and about uh how
much money we're all going to have to
count as we sit in our mansions filled
with doubloons. That's what we're going
to talk about today. I'm Brian, welcome
to Future Ozo.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
&gt;&gt; So for those who do not know, uh did you
know Sern Bashar actually has a channel?
I I did not realize that until today. I
have gone ahead and subscribed because
why wouldn't I? Uh and uh yeah, it's
visible enough that uh my one really
good uh stalker has already found me
there and I left some real nasty
comments about me. So, that's cool. He's
also on X much more prominently. I can
find him there and I said, wait, oh
yeah, I'm already following. Yeah, good,
good, good. I thought I was I thought I
was crazy there for a second. And I am
crazy, make no mistake. So, that is who
we're talking to today, co-founder,
chief investment officer at Brilliant
Advice, not financial advice on X. If
you want financial advice, I'm sure he'd
be happy to work with you as a client. I
don't know. I don't know. You can
you can figure that out on your own.
brilliantadvice.net, check it out.
Cybercab, you ever you ever heard of it?
What's what's that about? More more
accurately, why don't we just say
welcome to the show. Where would you
like to start? Brian, it's great to be
here.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for that intro.
Cybercab is something that I've spent
quite a bit of time thinking about
and I'm very excited about and I hope
that Elon makes good on his promise
statement that they would make them
available or sell them to people.
&gt;&gt; That's been stated and reiterated. At
that point, I think it qualifies as a
promise. It's more than an offhand
comment.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And there are reasons I can see why we
would want that. My market, too small. I
don't expect Tesla to have find the
value in coming here, but I can do the
maintenance. I can do the cleaning. It
would work here and I wouldn't mind
having a much smaller slice of pie if it
means I'm helping my community with
their mobility needs.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And you and I did a show,
I want to say maybe a month ago now,
about all the reasons why they should
sell them and make them available to to
the general public.
Although that said, I don't think
they'll do so anytime soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think they will deploy them at the
company level, work out all the kinks,
and then at some point make them
available to the public.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and there's nothing wrong with
that. I'm not going to kink shame them.
The thing is, if you've got full control
of the network, if you own all the cars,
you can determine how many go out today.
If we've got if there's some reason why
we don't have enough a correct ratio of
supervisors Monday from 11:00 to 1:00,
they don't have to worry that I'm going
to be sending a ton of them to some
event in my town when there aren't
enough supervisors. Let's get it ironed
out first. So, talk to me a little bit
about what your expectations are
specifically on what could be the lowest
cost that a consumer pays to ride in a
robo-taxi, specifically a cyber cab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a tricky question because
I think we have to talk about the time
frame.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um if we're starting at today,
if if ride share is at about 280 a mile
on average. Now, obviously, there's a
huge range. There's We've seen data from
San Francisco where it's, you know, 7 or
8 dollars a mile depending on how far
you're going.
It also obviously depends on how far the
trip is. So, there's
there's a range wide enough to drive a
bus through, but let's just work with a
number of 280 as the average.
Okay?
And and again, recognizing that there's
a big range. That's where the market is.
Tesla could undercut that if they wanted
to from day one, and they may. And they
they currently are with where robo-taxi
is being priced, although I would say
robo-taxi really isn't a a viable
competitor right now to Uber necessarily
because it's such a small service. But,
from an economic standpoint, it wouldn't
make any sense for Tesla to undercut
Uber by that much. If the market's at
280,
then maybe you come to market initially
at 250 or something like that if you
want to undercut them a little bit.
There's no reason to drive it down to,
you know, what Arc Invest says
eventually could be 25 cents a mile.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, there's a time scale to this. As
they put more vehicles into service, as
the service scales,
you reduce your operating costs on a on
a per unit basis. It allows them to
offer lower and lower costs. Also, if
you want to tap into demand beyond just
the ride share customer,
you're going to have to do that anyway.
If you're going to convince me to get
rid of my car,
or in some cases second car for a
family, or in some cases a third or
fourth car for a family, if you want to
convince those people to get rid of
their vehicles, you're going to have to
offer it at a pretty reasonable price.
Some of the data that we've seen in
terms of of cost per mile for ownership
for owned vehicles, again, I think
average is around like 75 to 80 cents a
mile. That data might be a bit old now,
maybe it's a bit higher than that. And
again, there's a wide range depending on
what kind of vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Does that include gas?
&gt;&gt; I think so. I think that's the operating
costs. Yeah.
And again, some of that data, I'm not
sure exactly when that time frame was.
So, let's just say it's still 75 to 80
cents a mile. You're going to have to be
competitive with that, whatever that
number is, in order for those people to
make that economic decision to switch.
So, it's a long-winded way of saying,
Brian, this is going to happen over
time, at different points in time, at
different levels, and depending on where
the customers are, what cities, and so
on. Supply and demand,
and it'll come down over time as the
robo-taxi, specifically cyber cab,
begins to scale.
And then really scales, the price will
can really come down.
&gt;&gt; There are people who don't drive very
much. There are people who drive 10, 15
times a month. My cousin bought a car
once, and they said, "Bring it back in
at a thousand miles or 500 miles, so we
can do a quick service on it." And they
call her a month later and said, "When
are you coming back in?" She said, "I'm
at I'm at like a 86 miles. I haven't
driven it. I take the bus to work. I
only drive it on weekends if I need to
go somewhere." For those people,
even at 17 bucks a ride,
it would be cheaper than the insurance
on a car.
So, there are people for whom this is
already
uh
looking like it could work. There are
people for whom Uber might work today if
Uber was more reliable, more consistent,
you know, there's there's a lot of
problems that a lot of very reasonable
people have with Uber and the way they
do business. Do you think at scale 25
cents a mile is possible?
&gt;&gt; I think it is possible. Based on the
work that I've done, I think it is
possible. The question is when. I think
it requires a pretty decent amount of
scale and the question is again, what is
scale in that sense?
Uh but I do believe it is possible.
Uh
some of the biggest costs uh for uh
cyber cab particularly would be
charging. So, if you can get a low cost
of charging
down, that that's important.
Uh certainly the cost of the vehicle and
the and the lifetime of the vehicle is
also another critical factor. That's
also a scale question.
They're not making cyber cabs right now
for $20,000.
Those are much more expensive vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. But if you get to the point where
you're making a couple million of them
or maybe a million or even something
less,
you you're getting the cost of that
vehicle well down.
And that that would be
pretty important in order to get to that
25 cents a mile number.
&gt;&gt; One of the important differences that
introduces additional savings for Tesla
over, say for example, Waymo or Zoox is
that Tesla builds chargers and runs
charging networks. So,
whatever the markup is charged by
Electrify America or Tesla to charge
your your Waymo vehicles, whatever it
costs to buy the chargers, that markup
is erased. That markup is now part of
your uh profit. It is it is in there.
And uh the reality is, I don't know if
you've seen the energy consumption
numbers for the competition, but nobody
is anywhere close to the 165 watt hours
per mile that cyber cab does. Not
project.
Does.
&gt;&gt; Does.
&gt;&gt; Because when it comes to a commercial
product, you use real numbers. Like when
Semi was announced to have 500 mi of
range, people said, "Okay, so it's
Tesla, so what? 300?" No, commercial
customers will not tolerate that. You
put the real range on there. There's no
one they're trying to fool. It has to be
real world. So, the charging costs are
going to be vastly cheaper than the
competition. The car is going to cost
less than anything else on the market in
the US today to build. And if they're
keeping it in-house, the build cost is
the only cost that actually matters.
That's what Tesla is paying for it. If
they sell it, they can sell it with a
significant margin and it's still
cheaper. Tesla's not paying for the
ongoing FSD subscription. It's their
product. That's just part of the margin.
So, at 25 cents a mile though, is the
owner of that vehicle, you or me, going
to make money?
&gt;&gt; Yes, and just just before I address
that, just let me say that
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; if you look at utilization, which is an
important factor here in terms of cost,
on my model for the low end at 30%
utilization, which is not a whole lot, I
can get down to about 36 cents a mile on
that. In order to get to 25 cents a mile
up in that range, you're looking at 60,
70, 80% utilization rates.
So, it gets it gets tough, right? It
it's it's hard maybe to hit that that 25
cents a mile number. Of course, we have
to factor in inflation. I think the 25
cents a mile number came, you know, some
years ago. So,
if you look at the inflation-adjusted
value of that, it's probably higher.
But, anyway, I think we're in the
ballpark. The other thing I think too
that's that's important and I'm not
answering your question, but another
tangent is when we look at how this
vehicle can make money.
While the cost per mile
from a vehicle rolling down the street
is going to generate certain costs, the
reality is this vehicle can also make
money by just sitting there. Now, we
don't yet know what the economics of
that actually looks like. And what I'm
talking about is distributed inference.
It can be used as a way to provide AI
services. That's another very
interesting revenue source that doesn't
really generate a whole lot of cost.
There's some little cost of electricity
and so on for that, but that's another
one, too, that's not really factored
into my model that could help sort of
bring the the cost down when you when
you look at it from that perspective.
&gt;&gt; I've seen a number of So, I've talked to
two different people in the space who
shared with me concerns about how that
sort of distributed compute could be
problematic, specifically for my car.
Not my Cybercab. I don't have a
Cybercab. We have a Model Y in the
household. We have a Model 3 in the
household. But for my traditional car,
one being data security. Do customers
really want it being beyond the
company's physical control? And the
second being a network availability.
Because But start But Cybercab could
address those. It has a Starlink on
board. That's already as fast as a
space-based system would be. And
and you could have
security protocols built into it from
day one. So, it mitigates that a bit. My
model's also include nothing for compute
value. I know some models do.
But at 25 cents a mile, and especially
if you're getting up into the 60 to 80%
utilization range, you're probably
talking about taking things other than
people. You're probably talking about
cargo as well at that point, which is an
even tougher sell.
So, that you certainly
wouldn't necessarily command a premium
moving things around at 3:00 a.m.
But at the at that 25 cents, it's only
grossing $25,000
or 25 What would that be? $10,000 What?
$25,000 over the course of 100,000
miles. And at that utilization rate, you
could hit 100,000 in a year. That's only
300 miles a day. You would only need a
brief, a couple brief stops to charge to
go
60 to 80% of the day.
But is that is that enough money to
offset, you know, the wear and tear, the
maintenance, the Would you actually be
making money at that point?
&gt;&gt; Well, again, it all depends on
the revenue per mile, the number of
miles traveled,
the the percent of those miles that are
kind of non-revenue miles, deadhead
miles. So, it's
um
There's also things like base fare, you
know, there's so many different factors
in terms of how you price this. So, it's
it's really hard to generalize. But in
my model, for example, and by the way, I
just want to correct something I said a
minute ago in terms of that 25 cents a
mile
uh utilization of 60 70 to 80%. I'm
sorry, it was 55 60 to 65%. 65% is my
highest utilization number.
&gt;&gt; I think that's reasonable, more
reasonable at least.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I misspoke about that. But if if
we go, for example, let's let's look at
a hypothetical. Let's say you're
charging a dollar base a dollar uh base
cost, so a dollar to get on the in the
vehicle, okay? And your cost and you're
charging a dollar per mile, okay? In
that scenario, at at 30% uh utilization,
okay? So, the vehicle's only
being used 30% of the time for this. The
vehicle itself is generating a close to
$50,000 of revenue. That's before you
split it with Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, now we have some assumption about
what Tesla's take rate is. And I've
looked at a whole bunch of different
scenarios, and this particular model
I've got 35% as the take rate. So,
Tesla's taking about 17,000, and you get
about 32.
&gt;&gt; Huh.
&gt;&gt; And the question is is that enough? You
know, what what's what's the economics
look like on that? And I have uh just in
my model here, just scrolling down,
um so, on revenue of 32, your gross
profit is about 14,000 a year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That's at 30% utilization. As we move up
the utilization curve, I can get to
gross profit numbers into the 30s and at
the high end $41,000.
&gt;&gt; Add a buck for the drop fair and a buck
for the mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; See at the at a buck a mile, we get into
a territory where it starts to make
sense to not park at the airport even
for short trips. The fares that I've
seen lately
on all the different services, not that
they're available where I live, they are
not, none of them, not even Uber and
Lyft are in my town anymore. Uh the cost
to get to the airport, I would have to
be moving out of the country for it to
be cheaper than parking at the airport.
And
and that's insane. That's genuinely
insane. I get it, that's the prices they
have to pay to attract drivers, but the
drivers are paying too much for the car.
Their cars are meant for humans, human
operation, and all that, and that
creates costs, that creates new
barriers. Fun fun little side note for
you. Uh do you have in your model an
expectation for how long the tires will
last?
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. So, my assumption for that,
and by the way, I have a cost of the
Cybertruck in there of 30,000 per
vehicle. So,
&gt;&gt; Reasonable, more than enough, I would
say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and expected useful life of
600,000 miles.
&gt;&gt; To be determined. It depends how much
the ongoing maintenance is. It could be
It could be I mean, you can make
anything last that long if you're
willing to pay enough, but go ahead.
&gt;&gt; of 60,000 miles.
&gt;&gt; I think that is a minimum. I think
60,000 is a minimum. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I have a cost of four new tires of
3,000 for four tires. So,
&gt;&gt; More than enough. I think that's I think
that's even likely too high by double
because they're going to be manufactured
at tremendous volume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh
and they again, today, that's probably
accurate uh because they're low volume
tires, but Tesla will not be buying them
by the truckload. They'll be buying them
by the trainload. And the only downside
is they do last a very long time. In
part because there's no rapid
acceleration, there's no hard cornering,
but also because you can if you're
custom ordering a tire from scratch, you
can tell them how much tread depth you
want. And it's cheaper to add tread
depth than replace tires.
And also the circumference of the wheel
is very large, which reduces the number
of revolutions per mile. So, these tires
are I know people who've gotten 60,000
out of their stock Tesla tires, mostly
driven by a human. And humans are I
don't know if you know this, they're
really bad at driving.
&gt;&gt; They they tend to be, yes. So, if you
think about that, then if you think that
my tire cost is is you know, too high by
by twice as much, then you can add an
extra $1,500 onto that lower
uh gross profit number of 14,000. So,
you're now at 15,500. On the high end,
when I was at 41,000 gross profit, I'm
assuming two tire changes per year. So,
$6,000 a year. Reduce that by three, and
now you're at $44,000 of gross profit.
So,
I've tried to be really conservative in
a lot of different factors in this
model,
and you can still end up with some
pretty crazy gross profit numbers
even at a dollar per mile fare. And
again, this does not include any revenue
for package delivery.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And it includes a sliver of revenue for
sharing advertising, a sliver of revenue
for, you know, entertainment
connectivity. I'm assuming basically
that Tesla takes that all that revenue.
But, it's in my model as a tiny little
sliver. So, it doesn't even really
impact things, but there's other
potential revenue sources that are
there.
Just in this particular model, they're
basically almost zeroed out.
&gt;&gt; So, in in my analysis, what I would say
is
if you're looking to get
uh utilization up, and I don't mean
deadhead miles, uh those are easy to
reduce uh when you don't have a human
operator, uh then it is
the package delivery, the non-human
delivery, the off-hour deliveries must
be
must be counted because they're because
humans still sleep at night. And yes,
there are taxis that can run 24/7, but
even the companies that run those also
have, you know, eight times as many cars
that only run during peak hours.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Because that's how peaks work. Um I will
remind the audience, for those who
didn't catch it in the past, I do make a
lot of videos, it's hard to catch them
all. When CERN was first working on this
model, he let me look at it, and I gave
my feedback, which was, "You know you're
on the low side on all of these, right?"
And I don't know if you remember, but
you'd said, "I know, but when I put in
the real numbers, I look insane."
And it does look insane when you look at
the numbers. My last part on this, and I
will say that, guys, if you enjoy this
kind of analysis, you can uh you can uh
help out. You can help out. This is how
I'm able to do my trips in Nepal,
Ethiopia, all the places I go. Uh but
you can also subscribe to me, subscribe
to CERN, and Grok gave me this image of
us subscribing to each other. Uh so,
that is deeply concerning and
terrifying, even, but that is, I don't
know if you know, what we look like
to a robot.
&gt;&gt; image of me. I'm not sure about you, but
it's an improved image of me.
&gt;&gt; See, I was I was going to say it's not
terribly insulting on my side, but I
thought I thought it could have done
a lot kinder service to you on your
side. My big question is, and I've asked
this of Randy Kirk, and he gave me
answers that I found unsatisfying, which
is
why is it that Uber takes such a
monumental slice out of the revenue
and does so in very gross and dishonest
ways and still barely make a profit.
Randy had said, well, they've got the
cost of vetting all those potential
drivers. I go, yeah, but they pay it off
in one day. That's I don't see that
being the billions that are just kind of
missing. I don't know where the money
goes. They do have insurance costs and
there would still be insurance costs
could reduce it by the whatever holdback
they have for assaults from the driver
or on the driver. Those are
a real consideration with humans
involved.
Um I don't need to ensure you are safe
from the person you brought with you.
That's on you.
But
the platform fees that Uber collects are
astronomical and they don't go straight
to the bottom line in the ways I thought
they would.
How is Tesla going to mitigate that? How
can they avoid that whole dollar a mile
that just seems to evaporate?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's a good question and I
haven't studied Uber's business model
enough to know to give you a definitive
answer right here and now in terms of
all the things that don't pertain to
Tesla that are part of Uber's business
model and maybe that's something I
should refresh myself and and take a
look at. But I think in my model I've
included, you know, everything that, you
know, from the operating standpoint of
the vehicle. I guess the question what
you're asking is are there costs at
Tesla's level in terms of supervising
the vehicles?
And what does that look like?
And clearly there are and I I when I run
the cyber cab or the robotaxi model as
it pertains to Tesla, I build in what I
call a healthy number on that side.
Um but it's it's kind of a black box.
It's kind of one number that is a catch
all for everything.
And so until I think that they operate
this business and they start reporting
on what this looks like, it's going to
be very difficult to really model that
out and truly understand what the
different components are.
But certainly, as you can imagine,
there's also going to be some legal
challenges with Tesla. And I think this
is actually one of the things that's in
their mind right now that's {quote}
delaying the rollout of robotaxi. Yes,
it's true that FSD is amazing. When you
and I supervise FSD, it's incredible.
It's a whole 'nother matter when you
take FSD and make it unsupervised and
put it out in the real world and scale
it, you're going to have problems.
No matter how good FSD is. And so, it's
a question then from an economic
perspective, from the at the company
level, how many lawsuits do they want to
deal with?
Do we have enough lawyers to deal with
them all?
And what's the cost of these lawsuits
going to be?
Are we at fault? If so, what's it going
to cost us? Or if we're not at fault,
still, what's it going to cost us to to
beat back all these lawsuits?
That's a scale issue. And you have to
run the calculations on that and say,
"Okay, if we get one lawsuit per
thousand rides, what does that look
like? If we get one lawsuit per ten
thousand rides, what does that look
like?"
And that has to factor into the equation
here.
And so, I would say in my model that I
don't really include that
for Tesla, but it needs to be included.
And at this point, it's not only that
issue,
but we're hearing more and more stories
about, you know, the car is in these
infinite loops or it doesn't pick me up
or drop me off exactly where I want to
go.
Those aren't lawsuit material.
That's a reputational risk kind of
material. And so, if you scale robotaxi
and tell people how great it is, and
then they're stuck in the car for 20 or
25 minutes waiting to get dropped off,
they're not going to be happy with you.
So, they've got to balance out
the revenue opportunity, which is
enormous,
versus the cost of lawsuits and the
reputational cost.
And I think right now, obviously, we're
seeing them err on the side of caution.
They're trying to get some improvements
so that both of those things,
the lawsuit side and the reputational
side, are uh vastly improved.
In my view, that's that's the big
hang-up right now.
&gt;&gt; I think we've covered this well. The
There's
obviously going to be a lot of
disagreement in the comments. Please do
share those, guys. I'd love to hear your
feedback.
What should we address additionally? I
think the approach that you have
observed and and explained is the best
one.
Let's go slow and steady. Let's not do
anything stupid. I've been saying lately
that the reason pick-up and drop-offs
are so bad is because there's no
training data. All of our drives on FSD
have not prepared them to know where I
would like to be dropped off. They have
to figure it out. If you release the
Tesla app in my town for robo-taxi and
put a little note that says, uh be
patient while we learn where pick-up and
drop-off is,
I'm fine with that. Just understand
that's a limitation. I've gone to
countries during monsoon season on
purpose. I know it's going to be
miserable. I'm prepared.
But, I think the real solution to all of
that is Grok. And I think uh the next
build, version 15, will have Grok
integration in a way where you can just
tell it things. I'd like to be by the
door. I'd like to be parked out where
there's nobody to ding my door. I'd like
to, you know, it's not in this side of
the mall, it's on the other side of the
mall, take me around. And it'll just
handle it.
Uh so, I think all of that is quite
possible, quite doable. And uh yeah, uh
any closing thoughts, sir?
&gt;&gt; No, I think we've covered it well. Um
&gt;&gt; We we have. In the comments, did we
cover it well?
Everybody else, you know, like,
subscribe. You saw the button. Come back
in a couple days cuz we're doing another
video, and the subscribe buttons get
even better, or worse, depending on
whether it's me or CERN you're looking
at in the picture. Everybody else, stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots when you
come back for the thrilling conclusion
of this video series.