Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Robotaxi Has ALREADY Reached The Inflection Point
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTjOfiuKaOU
Published:   2026-04-29 21:01 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-29 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A lot of conversations are happening on
X and in the Tesla investor community as
well as on YouTube. What is actually
going on after this earnings call with
the central question that is the
alldecisive question for the stock and
also for the future of transportation?
Is robo taxi happening? Is it now
totally delayed or is it absolutely on
track? and the influencers who believe
we are going to scale to 10,000 plus
like Herbert for example are correct. So
I want to take a little bit of time
today to look at these questions and
look at the evidence on the ground that
has accumulated since the earnings call
which is only a week less than a week
and what we see on the ground happening
and why I believe people are not seeing
the forest between the trees. So here is
a great post by Christopher Dungeon who
has a aggregated some photos and made
some commentary on the latest. Let's go
to that. So first here we have Nick Cruz
actually uh showing the cyber cap from
the side and he shows the cyber cap
where you see look it has these weird
wheels. It has steel wheels in the front
and then aluminum wheels in the back.
And also these caps are coming on later
and a lot of the production versions we
see now rolling off the uh conveyor belt
or the unboxed uh production line don't
have these caps.
What is going on with these wheels? And
does it tell us something about the
actual plan of Cyber Cap? And does do
these little things, these little signs
of engineering prowess or strategy
actually reveal something about the
greater picture of Roboaxi rolling out
and cyber cap being the central
indicator of progress. And I think the
answer is yes. And I will explain to you
why and what we can learn and deduct all
the way to potentially understanding the
production plan. So here is what we see.
You know we have smaller wheels in the
front, larger wheels in the back. In the
front we have steel. In the back we have
aluminium. Very unusual. What is
actually happening? And I found this
great post by Christopher Dungeon where
he actually explains a little bit more
what is behind that and I will tell you
what I think that actually tells us
about the greater plan. So he summarizes
why do we have these different wheels?
Steelies like steel-based wheels in the
front and aluminum in the back. And he
starts with efficiency gains, smaller
18-in front wheels with a narrow tire
reduce the frontal area and overall
rotation rotate rotating mass at the
front where aerodynamic drag and
steering inputs matter most. Smaller
diameter means less material to spin,
right? Smaller spin less. Lowering
rotational inertia mass farther from the
axis has an outsiz effect via L uh what
is this is I inertia equals mass time
radius squared. My physics is not the
greatest after all these years. This
cuts energy used during constant speed
cruising. Okay, which is a big part of
robo taxi routes. Narrow front also
minimizes rolling resistance for added
efficiency gains. Now he goes to number
B. Larger 21in wheel on the rear
increase the overall tire circum
circumference meaning fewer rotations
per mile which can reduce bearing wear
and heat buildup combined with high
aspect ratio 60 series tire tall
sidewall. It will maintain low rolling
rolling resistance and prioritize energy
minimization which is critical for a
vehicle expect to drive 100,000 plus
miles per year. I think more than that
mixed material steel fronts are heavier
but cheaper and steel holds shapes well
for hub caps. Alloys in the rear cut
unsprung weight and rotational inertia
on the drive wheels where torque is
applied. So that's where the motor is
making acceleration more efficient
because it's more stiff and reducing
energy loss to wheel spin up especially
important in rear wheel drive setup
which instant with instant EV torque
right you want to translate that torque
directly to the road so right comfort
larger rear diameter wheels tall tire
sidewalls
act like natural shock absorbers
smoothing out bumps blah blah blah B
front steelies add a bit more unsprung
mass which can help filter high
frequency road noise and then
durability. He goes into handling rake
stance rear higher due to larger
diameter wheel tire combo shift center
of gravity slightly forward. Right? You
go up in the rear and slides center of
gravity forward promoting stable under
steer safer for autonomy and better
weight transfer under acceleration.
There you have it. Why is this all
important? Because it tells you
something. Let me go back to what I
said. I commented on this too long to
read, didn't read. People tend to vastly
underestimate the level of engineering
prowess that goes into Tesla Cyber Cap.
Not, and here comes the point, not as a
car, not as a car, but as a fully
integrated system of autonomous
transport. what Christopher elaborated
here and explained why this setup that
Nick so beautifully showed from the side
this setup why this is so special very
unusual setup you don't see any other
cars looking like this with different
like steel and aluminium in the back and
different size and then center of
gravity pushed forward and all the stuff
you just heard Christopher say which is
much more sophisticated than what I
could ever have said I'm not an engineer
I'm a financial engineer but not a
mechanical or car engineer.
It shows you one thing that when Tesla
builds something, they're not
engineering a car. They are engineering
a new reality. And as you know what we
are doing here in Pioneer Lands. Go to
pioneerlands.org. It is free. We want to
accumulate the best investors and
engineers and innovators to have a
discussion about the future where we
discuss these things. But why I love
Tesla, why I love Elon and his approach
to reality is because they are not just
engineers of things. They're not just
engineers of rockets. They're not just
engineers of robots. They're not just
engineers of electric cars or of robot
taxis. They're engineers of new
realities. What is the difference? An
engineer looks at a target scenario, a
target reality they are envisioning and
then they're aligning their engineering
power, their math, their simulative
capabilities, their economics towards
that new reality.
Okay? And then they try to make that
reality happen. If that reality is a
car, you optimize everything, the supply
chains, the technology, the designs to
that car. You might want to make it very
fast or you might want to make it very
fuel efficient, but you're just
optimizing it towards a car. If you on
the other hand are a reality engineer
like Elon, you're saying, "I'm not
interested in a car. I'm not interested
in a rocket. I'm not interested in a
robot.
I'm interested in a new future reality."
In that something civilizationally and
fundamentally changes.
And what changes fundamentally in that
civilization on the robo taxi vertical
is that all transport becomes
autonomous.
Cutting out the human suffering
connected to driving for the pure driver
and also for the victims of that
everyone gets killed all the time. but
also the costs associated with that and
freeing human ingenuity from behind the
wheel to doing whatever humans can do
better than just driving.
That is the new reality via engineering
here and that is the purpose of FSD of
autonomy and cyber cap plays just a role
in this whole plan. So what can we learn
from that? What we see here is that this
car is not engineered as a car. It is
engineered for playing a crucial role
and being a crucial component in that
new future.
And that new future is not just cyber
cap. It is a future where you're sitting
somewhere, standing somewhere. You're
saying I want to go from A where I'm
right now to B. And there is a new
solution that does that much cheaper.
Does it constantly does it automated and
cuts out a lot of costs for everyone?
Brings down the cost of transport.
brings transport to many more people.
Cuts down the time from deciding you
need transport to getting to your goal
to your target destination. Replaces
public transport. Replaces all ride
share. All taxis. Replaces many trains.
Replaces buses. Replaces cars. Replaces
car ownership. Then goes into freight
transport. Replaces truck driving.
Replaces delivery vans. Everything.
And cyber capab is the first pillar in
making this happen.
So that explains why the cyber capab is
engineered the way it is. It is not just
optimized as a car. It is optimized as a
component in the greater plan and it
plays its role. It brings down cogs the
operating costs but also the
manufacturing costs for that component.
It optimizes the entire car for playing
that specific role as a small part in a
greater system. And what I said the
other day is it also explains what Tesla
is doing right now. They are assuming
FSD is effectively solved. The safety
problem is effectively solved. We have
heard that in the earnings call. From
here is just fine-tuning of convenience
without compromising safety by leveling
up the FSD system. But what most people
don't recognize it is also about
optimizing all kinds of other things. I
just saw the other day shared I think by
electrified by Dylan Lumis. Amazing show
where Dylan talked about things that go
wrong on Cyber Cap and Roboaxi right now
that have nothing to do with FSD. It
loses connection. Screen goes black.
Cars stop because some connection is
broken. Not the actual AT&amp;T connection,
but the AWS connection, the server
system of Tesla for a few riders. Is
that good or bad? It's part of the
course, but it tells us what Tesla is
doing right now. It is rolling this
thing out step by step all over the
place and it's optimizing all these
different components that are necessary
to make the thing actually work. And
cyber capab is only a small part of that
but it is an important part. FSD is only
a part of it but an important part. The
cloud infrastructure and connectivity is
another part. The maintenance is another
part. None of these parts at this point
in time represents any serious obstacle
anymore. Fundamentally all different
things have been solved. And that is a
revelation I had just the other day when
I looked at the facts. There's nothing
here anymore that is in any way a
frontier type research problem. All
components in principle are now in
place. Everything has been fundamentally
solved. The only thing we need to do now
is fine-tune and calibrate all the
components to play together. So we don't
have blackouts. We don't have cyber cap
suddenly stopping. We don't have them
going in circles. But the crucial
things,
full self-driving works, full safety
works,
convenience can be better, can be
improved, blackouts need to be
completely removed. You still can't have
like five or 10 people sitting there.
Now we are going into the optimization
phase. And in this optimization phase,
every incremental progress and
optimization will lead to exponential
scale.
And that is where we are at with Cyber
Cap. I believe we have already passed
the Rubicon. We kind of have already
passed the inflection point.
I predicted April May will be 1,800
cyber caps or whatever robo taxis. I
don't think we hit that number, but we
should remember that we are at 642
instead of my predicted 1,800, which is
not that far off if you look at the
growth rates. In my 1800 I always said
it's April May April/May. I don't didn't
always say it. I moved my goal post a
little bit from April to May probably
six or seven months ago.
But when you look at it, we are now at
643
at a growth rate that is pretty
impressive. Down here you see the
unsupervised growth rate which is crazy
because this is at just January 30th. So
on that growth rate when you look at
that see the trajectory saying Joe you
promised us 1,800 by May well it's not
even May we had 643
and everyone says oh my god the world is
falling apart we have completely missed
everything FSD is not rolling out we
have cyber cap being optimized being
rolled out and being manufactured in the
glossy little paint we are at 643
probably hitting 900 or whatever ever
800 I don't know how many let's say 800
by end of May maybe 900 we would be 50%
behind my goal
at a growth rate of what 50 to 100% a
month which means we are like let's be
generous we are three to two maybe two
months behind my original goal for the
most transformative technology and
infrastructure ever built in
transportation since the invention of
the
and then maybe the invention of the
automobile.
So two months behind schedule that I
told you the schedule is a year ago.
That is not very bad. That is no reason
to panic. In fact, it's the reason to do
the opposite to say wait here's
something huge going on. That is my take
on the situation. I remain totally
bullish. I don't know what's wrong with
people and mostly retail investors. the
institutions just reaffirmed their price
targets after earnings. They say we are
on track. Everything is fine. So this
time the institutions seem to be a
little bit ahead of the uh retail
investors. I think we are well
positioned. I'm bullish on the stock
even short term as you all know and I
think people panicked a little bit too
much and we on a very good track. So go
to pioneerlands.org
ask me your questions. We have Sunday
coming our Sunday live seminar on
pioneerlands.org on the pioneer academy.
you can ask your questions and then we
go from there. I hope that was
interesting and see you tomorrow.