Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       SpaceX Reveals Insane New Project!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOCtcov28_w
Published:   2026-08-25 23:22 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-26 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, I have an amazing team, but they are
in trouble because I don't want to
follow Governor Landry uh in speeches in
the future. So, I go first next time.
Okay,
Governor Landry, thank you so much. What
you're going to hear from me is not
necessarily new. You've saw the video,
and I think videos are worth a million
words, and you've heard Governor Landry
speak, and but what you're going to hear
is our commitment. I'm speaking on
behalf of SpaceX to talk about the
partnership and the great things that we
want to do here together. Okay? So,
you're hearing repeat, but you're
hearing my commitment.
Governor Landry, you and your team
welcomed us to your state and you worked
tirelessly, your team worked tirelessly
to make this project a reality. And I'm
so excited for what we're going to build
together here. This will be a project
like no other. Another piece of science
fiction transported into reality or what
I call sciencebacked.
SpaceX was founded to make life
multilanetary. You heard Elon talk about
it on the video. And we've known all
along that fulfilling that mission meant
pushing the boundaries in the most
complex engineering field in human
history.
Don't just make a better rocket. Make a
rocket that can do its mission and come
back to land quickly and fly again.
Don't just make a bigger engine or put
way too many of them together on the
back end. Make it more powerful and able
to run over and over, not just once.
Don't just fly more often. Fly so
frequently that something as awe
inspiring as a rocket launch can maybe
feel mundane. That's a little bit of a
fib. Rocket launches never are mundane,
but it sounds good in a speech.
It will never stop feeling like a thrill
ride, honestly. But this is what we're
here to do. We've been developing
Starship for several years now. We've
had our bumps and our bruises. Starship
is revolutionary, not just in size, but
it's in its design to be fully and
rapidly reusable. Like airplanes, you
don't use an airplane once and toss it.
Rockets are used once and then they're
thrown away. This rocket is fully and
rapidly reusable. You can launch it
again and again right here in Vermillion
Parish, multiple times a year. But
that's what it will take for humans to
truly fly and go out and explore the
stars.
Starbase Louisiana is going to make that
future possible.
And now is the right time to build it.
In the last few years, we've given
ourselves a lot of practice. We've
learned from every single launch. We've
invented new systems, new technologies,
and we've honestly found out the hard
way when something wasn't up to the task
of withstanding some of the most
powerful forces on the planet. We
learned from these tests and now we're
building for actual repetitive
operations.
We currently have one active launch pad
for Starship in Starbase, Texas with a
second one in active build. And we've
got three different stages of pads in
construction in Florida, part of the
most active launch complex on the
planet.
But for the missions we have ahead of
us, we need more. And we want to do it
here.
Starship at its core is designed to make
it possible for life to be multilanetary
to make it so humans can live and work
on other worlds. In the more near term,
just a few years, Starship will enable
us to return Americans to the surface of
the moon along with NASA and build a
permanent moon base.
I'm personally very excited about that.
I want to go to the moon. I don't want
to go to Mars, but I want to go to the
moon.
Star Starship is going to launch the
next generation of our Starlink
satellites to bring even faster and more
reliable internet to anyone anywhere on
the planet and to move supercompute to
space. So as AI continues to advance, it
can take advantage of the limit
limitless resources that are off planet
instead of here on planet. Put all of
this together and these tasks will
require thousands of launches. Starbase
Louisiana is being designed from day one
to support this dramatic increase in
launch cadence. By starting with the
clean sheet design, we're planning to
build a self- sustaining spaceport with
its own propellant production, power
generation, deep water shipping
capabilities, vehicle processing
facilities, and probably an airport. And
thanks to the abundant resources here in
Louisiana, we have ready access to the
natural gas that fuels these rockets to
get to orbit. But that is actually not
the only resource that we're excited
about here on the Gulf Coast. It's the
people of Louisiana where you have a
storied history of building large
complex infrastructure projects which
this will be at scale and we're looking
to you for help. As part of our
commitment to the state, we expect to
create at least 3,000 permanent jobs.
Elon said 10
Based on our experience in Starbase,
Texas, it's probably closer to 10 than
three.
And like, as I said, and likely far
more, between 60 and 80% of new hires at
our Texas sites are local residents,
something that we will repeat here in
Louisiana.
We need people with all sorts of skills.
Not just rocket scientists and
engineers, but technicians, welders,
builders, people that work in
restaurants, people that will help us
operate the airport and operate the
spaceport. Effectively, it takes a small
city to run a site and that's what these
will basically be. And as we build, we
want to become part of your community.
In the months ahead, you'll see us
engage very heavily. me personally as
well. I love Louisiana. Um, holding town
halls and and finding other
opportunities where we can meet and chat
and make sure we understand what you are
looking for and make sure you understand
what we're trying to build. It has been
a privilege. My team talks about this
site a lot and it's been a privilege
getting to know everybody so far and
we're really looking forward to
continuing that. We're very motivated to
listen. We want to make this a great
project, not just for Starship and
SpaceX, but for Louisiana as well. And
we're really excited to work on that
with you and build this future together.
One of the things that doesn't get
talked about much, but SpaceX invests
incredibly heavily in the communities
around our sites. We talked about a
hundred billion, right? It's a lot of
money. It's a lot of money. Um, but we
do this investment in the communities
because that's where our great employees
live and work, right? We want this to be
a great experience for everybody that's
supporting.
We have an incredible resource as well
called Starlink. I don't know, does
anybody have Starlink internet? Yes.
Lifechanging. I have one in my on my car
um in central Texas. There are a lot of
no uh cell coverage between my home, my
ranch, and my work. And um I think I
dropped a few too many calls with Elon
on that commute. I thought I need a
Starlink on my car. So, I have a
Starlink on my car. And we're going to
make Starlink available to everybody
that wants one or needs one at far more
affordable pricing even than you see
online.
We're also working with Louisiana on
ways to leverage Starlink to improve
resiliency for the state's emergency
response systems as well. It's Yeah,
I mean Starlink can provide fun in games
through streaming and gaming, right? But
ultimately it survives storms, right?
because the satellites are up in orbit
in this quesuscent area while something
is raging here on Earth. So, it is saved
many lives and it's been incredibly
helpful for people to stay connected
during emergencies.
And last, but certainly not least, it's
obvious to anyone privileged enough to
visit here to see this part of the
country. It is beautiful, and we are
committed to doing our part to ensure
that this land doesn't disappear. This
site is a one-of-a-kind chance to both
fly the world's most advanced and
powerful rocket while strengthening
Louisiana's coastal resilience and
wildlife.
Yeah,
you heard from Bobby Peyton, who by the
way is the mayor of Starbase, Texas on
the video. Um you heard from him that
one of the first things you're going to
see us do is start working with uh the
state to ensure that the coastline
survives. So you're going to see th
those projects start immediately. The
coast is disappearing at one of the
fastest rates in the country. In
Vermillion Parish, the shoreline is
eroding. Sorry, this is you know just
the reality part of the speech today.
Between 3 and 23 feet per year coastline
disappearance. Left alone, this
shoreline will continue to erode and
basically eliminate the beauty that we
have. SpaceX is partnering with state
and federal agencies to expand
Louisiana's coastal master plan,
including shoreline protection, marsh
restoration, and wildlife conservation.
The work includes thousands of acres of
marsh creation to reconnect fragmented
wetlands, and help restore the natural
storm buffer that this coast has lost.
Pan Island and the surrounding wetlands
are high value habitat for migratory
waterfall, shore birds, waiting birds,
and other coastal wildlife. Now, the
birds might fly away during a launch,
but I guarantee they come back.
And and they come back right away, by
the way. As soon as the rocket's gone,
the birds come back. It's not like
months later. SpaceX is committed to
keeping very large portions of this
125,000 acres untouched so that high-v
value wetlands stay habitat and don't
become infrastructure.
We will help fund protection,
restoration, and stewardship while we
build.
We'll work with wildlife agencies, land
owners, and conservation groups to help
reverse the losses from both this
natural erosion and careless industrial
use of the past. We have a long history
of partnering of partnership with
wildlife refugees to ensure launch
activity and wildlife can both coexist
and both thrive. At every existing
SpaceX launch site, waterfile,
shorebirds, and other local birds have
continued to occupy the habitat
throughout launch operations, except
just the really noisy part. And to be
clear, I want to be very clear. We are
not developing 125,000 acres of land.
Just enough to do the work that we want
to do and have sufficient outside of
that because it's beautiful and it makes
people want to be here and happy to work
here.
Areas near the coast will be developed
for launch operations, but we're also
preserving the wetlands for wildlife
habitat activities like hunting,
fishing, birding, and boating that are a
part of this coast's rich culture. In
short, we don't want this land just to
survive our being here. We want it to
thrive while becoming a launchpad to
humanity's greatest adventure. And I do
want to note this is the second large
project that we've announced in the last
couple months. Uh the last one was
Terrafab where we'll be manufacturing
chips on US soil instead of relying on
other countries to provide our
technology.
also creating thousands of jobs to build
a more exciting future between Starbase
Louisiana and Terraab in Texas.
Sorry, I already said this part. Go.
That exciting future is being built
right here in America. And I'll close
with one additional round of thank yous.
Once again, Governor Landry, your
support was incredible. Everyone got
calls from you. You didn't work through
people. your words directly and they
appreciated it. And everybody else in
Louisiana that has helped us get this
far and for those that will also help us
reach new heights. My team at SpaceX,
the reason I still come to work every
day because I couldn't imagine not
working with these incredible people.
They approach every impossible problem
which we have daily
and they just get it done. It's just as
if it was on their normal to-do list.
And we're here to do we're here to build
something that will open a pathway to
the stars for today's future
generations. We are here to stay. And
I'm really excited for us to get to
work. Thank you very much.
We know how to make the rockets. We know
how to make the rockets at rate. We know
what the rocket needs and how to make
the things that the rocket needs. We can
put all of that together to fly
thousands of times, but none of that
matters if you don't have a place to do
it.
We are in southern Louisiana on the Gulf
Coast in Vermillion Parish and more
specifically in the coastal marshes just
south of Pan Island. and we're here to
build a spaceport.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX started looking for a high rate
launch site in earnest probably 7 years
ago. And there's kind of a few places on
Earth where we can do what we need to do
to launch Starship fully reusable at
rate, meaning thousands of launches a
year. You got to have a place that's on
the coast, um that there aren't a lot of
folks near where you're going to build
your launch pads. You need ample gas and
you need the right trajectories to do
all of the missions that we want. And so
there's really few places on Earth where
you can do this. And Louisiana happens
to be a perfect candidate for that.
&gt;&gt; What do you think?
&gt;&gt; Great.
Yeah, it seems perfect.
&gt;&gt; This road basically. So, this is this
all serviced offshore oil and gas,
right, since like the 1950s. And it's a
this used to be what they call
freshwater city and and so that's where
the old dock space was. And and so
that's that's kind of the bones of what
you're seeing.
&gt;&gt; This place will truly like truly change
the world. At what point does
civilization get, you know, a life in
the stars?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You can't do that launching.
&gt;&gt; You need serious tonnage. see the
serious tonnage or you know scale
&gt;&gt; if if you want to go out there and and
make life multilanetary and not just be
a tourist uh you know send a few people
and come back and you know if you want
to go there and like actually build a
self-growing civilization you need
serious tonnage we're we're going to
bring I think probably more than 10,000
uh really exciting uh jobs to Louisiana
and um you know it's kind of jobs where
that are so exciting you can't wait to
go to work in the morning
&gt;&gt; you know it's a super inspiring And uh
we believe in having a really fun work
environment and it's
&gt;&gt; yeah it's hard to beat Rockets frankly.
&gt;&gt; I didn't know you were employing so many
people in Louisiana.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; We talk about Louisiana is like this
mechanic shop. Right. And the the
interesting part about the whole project
is that the project is actually built on
the foundation that built Louisiana
which is the energy industry. Right. So
you're just laying a great project on
type of something that Louisiana
is ready for.
When people think of SpaceX, they think
of a lot of engineers and and scientists
and things like that, but actually the
most common job at SpaceX is technician
or welder or tube bender. These are
actually the people who add the most
value from going from raw material in
the door to finished rockets out the
other door. They're passionate about
their craft. They're excited to come to
work every day and they know that
they're doing something that makes a
difference both in the lives of people
that are here today and and for many
generations to come.
&gt;&gt; 70% of our workforce at Starbase, Texas
is local to the Rio Grand Valley. Um,
and we're really proud of that fact and
it's something that we will replicate at
even a larger scale here in PCON Island.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's been incredibly
exciting uh for the people of Louisiana.
uh we'll make it such that the public
can come and see you know uh like they
do at Cape Canaveral you know it's a
people go see go to see Disney World but
then they'll go over to Cape Canaveral
to watch the rockets launch
&gt;&gt; all of our launch sites are actually uh
nestled next to wildlife refu refugees
whether it's Vandenberg or Cape
Canaveral or Bokeh Chica and so we're
good at managing both of them
in order for us to build our
infrastructure to bring the launch pad
to bring the rockets here we're going to
have to literally shore up um the
shoreline it's going to be a historic
coastal restoration in partnership with
Pakan Island and the state and
Vermillion Parish to bring the marsh
back to make sure we have proper storm
protection.
&gt;&gt; That's actually some of the first work
that you will see happening on site is
gaining access to the property so that
we can get equipment in to start
restoring the wetland and making sure
that we stop the erosion on the
shoreline.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be a fantastic partnership
with Louisiana. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Wonderful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And thank you for your support
again.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no, not a problem. We haven't picked
a name yet.
&gt;&gt; I think Starbase is cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it.
&gt;&gt; Starbase, Louisiana.
&gt;&gt; All right, you heard it here first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't We can't wait to serve you
all the first pot of gumbo.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good.
I think one of the most inspiring things
that one could possibly imagine, most
one of the most inspiring futures one
could imagine is one when we're we're
out there among the stars and perhaps
meeting alien civilizations or exploring
the ruins of civilizations that lasted a
million years but died out 10 million
years ago. Um I think that's when I wake
up in the morning and think about what
what is inspiring because we need things
in this world that are inspiring like
life cannot just be about solving one
problem or or after another. They have
to be things that make you look forward
to the future. And a spade being a space
fairing civilization I think is the most
interesting thing we could possibly do
for the future. It is making Star Trek
real. Well, this is how we started out.
Yeah. Um, but this this was all of
SpaceX in the beginning. Just a a small
warehouse in Elsagundo and then Falcon
1.
And we really had no idea at the start
of SpaceX how to actually make rockets.
And obviously we we blew up a rocket
three times before finally reaching
orbit. It looks almost really cute at
this point. And then we went through the
the long effort of trying to land an
orbital booster. So, it wasn't easy
figuring out how to land an orbital
booster and then refly them, but then we
got we got good at it after a while.
Took many attempts from from a very
talented and dedicated team. And now
we've got to the point where we take off
and and uh land and recover a booster
every few days. Because when we were
trying to land the booster, no one
really believed that we could succeed.
And I was told by so many experts in the
aerospace industry that uh it's you're
not going to succeed in doing this. And
even if you do, no one's going to buy a
a rocket that was, you know, a used
rocket essentially. Um which really
makes no sense because
uh airplanes are reflown all the time.
And um frankly, I'd rather be on the the
thousandth flight of an aircraft than
its first flight.
So uh we changed the the nomenclature to
to flight proven booster which is true.
So managed to do Falcon Heavy which is
the most powerful rocket in the world
before Starship operational at least. Y
and uh yeah it's amazing to think that
we've we've got our 700th flight coming
up. So, uh, just a a huge testament to
the incredible work of the Falcon team
and the launch team, manufacturing team.
I just like to give everyone a hand for
doing such an amazing job. And of
course, this is classic. I I I fully
expected this flight to fail, by the
way. Um, so that that's the car that I
was driving around LA for like 3 years.
Um, and because I I thought, well, it's
first light of Falcon Heavy, probably
going to fail. Uh but we don't want to
put something boring on it like you know
I think Boeing or whatever would put
like a concrete block which is extremely
boring. Um so we put Starman flying
around and he's still up there. Uh the
car is orbiting between Earth and Mars.
So and we'll be up there I think for at
least 10 million years. And then of
course Dragon
um first privately developed spacecraft
to dock with the space station. Um and
uh first commercial astronaut. We've
done now done many astronaut missions.
Um I think it won't be long before we
get past uh 100 astronauts uh to orbit
and back. So uh Dragon has been an
amazing vehicle. Um, so we've we've
flown 78 crew members to date and it's
um it's been an epic success. So I'd
like to say congrats also to the Dragon
team. Excellent work. And then Starlink,
it's like well if you've got a rocket
that can fly a lot, what do you fly on
it? And so the Starink team has built
from nothing an entire global internet
system. and and it's the first high
bandwidth global internet system ever to
exist. And I actually think that down
the road it will probably be I I think
it'll probably do a majority of the
internet. In fact, I think it it might
end up doing
over 90% of all internet traffic on
Star. So, which is really incredible to
think almost 11,000 satellites in orbit.
That's more than twice as many
satellites as everyone else combined.
And with the Starink B3 and beyond,
we'll go to 100,000 satellites. So
that's really quite remarkable. It's
quite difficult to build the internet in
space, the entire like rebuild the
entire internet in space, all of the
hardware, all of the software. And uh
and yet the team has has done