Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon Wants Something Bigger Than Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQoYJC-yIuQ
Published:   2026-07-12 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-12 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Why would investors want it? Well,
investors would want it if you believe
that 1 plus 1 is something greater than
two. So, so part of it then results in
the time frame issue, right? I think a
lot of people are saying, I want a
return on my stock in the near term. I
don't necessarily want to add all these
future things and offplanet uses of
optimist. Great. I don't care about
that. That's something for my kids or my
grandkids to worry about. I get that.
And I but if you're running a company,
you'll always have to try to position
your company as best you can for that
future, however long it is. And right
now, no one's building terrestrial data
centers faster than SpaceX does. And so
that is something actually that can spin
up more revenue faster potentially than
robo taxi can, even if you, you know,
really ramp up robo taxi. So there's
just different perspectives, I think, on
where people sit, but depending on where
they sit and looking at the combination
of the two companies.
There's been a lot of talk lately since
the IPO of SpaceX that Tesla and SpaceX
could merge, that one could acquire the
other, that SpaceX could devour Tesla or
vice versa. Who knows, maybe even just a
merger of equals. I've seen a number of
suggestions why it might be a bad idea
and some very very vague answers as to
why it might be a good idea. Yes, I know
why Elon would want to do it, but for me
as an investor, I'm less clear. So, I
figured I'd bring on someone who studies
this kind of thing, who has some strong
opinions one way or the other. CERN
Basher is joining us to discuss what the
possible upside of a SpaceX and Tesla
merger could be. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; All right, CERN. So, first, uh, give us
a quick minute on what a merger could
look like and then we'll talk about why
it should or shouldn't happen.
&gt;&gt; Well, this has become a bit of a hot
topic in the Tesla community and one
that's become a bit divisive. Um, I'm
not here to advocate it necessarily. Um,
you asked me to sort of present the some
of the reasons why it might be a good
idea, why why it makes sense. The number
one thing I think to think about is it's
not going to happen unless one man wants
it to happen, and that's Elon Musk. So,
no matter what we all say, no matter
what the community says, in the end,
it's his decision to pursue this, of
course, with the support of the boards
of the of the companies. That's the most
important thing to say. Why would
investors want it? Well, investors would
want it if you believe that 1 plus 1 is
something greater than two. It's as
simple as that. And I think that a lot
of people struggle with perhaps in the
short term because they see maybe Tesla
at one when they think Tesla is really
at should be at four and they don't want
to necessarily give up what they
perceive as their upside that's due to
them in a merger with SpaceX. Now, I
would also say that a lot of SpaceX
shareholders may feel the same way about
their company, that the one on their
side may be worth four, right? So, that
feeling may be mutual. And so, it's
going to be important for Elon to
consider that. It's going to be
important for them to structure a deal
in a certain way that makes both of
those sides feel like they're getting
the value that they they deserve.
It's a little easier on the SpaceX side
because Elon has voting control. So, he
doesn't have to worry too much about
perhaps what the other shareholders
think, although he'd be wise to. But
certainly for the Tesla side where he
needs more support, that becomes a
bigger part of the equation.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, retail when you said it's it's not
up to us, it's up to the board and
really it's up to all shareholders.
Retail doesn't have the votes to stop
it. If 90% of retail said no, but the
institutionals all said yes, and Elon
and the board all said yes, that's more
than enough votes, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it likely is, although I
don't see it in necessarily those terms.
I think that if it's so bad that most of
retail or all of retail, as you put it,
vote against it, then a lot of
institutional investors would see the
same issues.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. And can Elon vote on this?
&gt;&gt; I believe so. I believe so, too. All
shareholders can vote on an emergency
situation. Yes. And even the SpaceX
shareholders that have their shares
locked up, they can vote as well.
&gt;&gt; They can't sell them, but they can vote
with them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's my understanding because it
would not make sense to preclude the
largest shareholders from the ability to
make a decision of this scale, whether
for or against it. If those huge
investors said, "Boy, this is a terrible
idea," but couldn't vote against it, I
think that would be problematic. In
terms of the vote, if the companies
merged, would retail ever get to vote
again?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's just it. I mean, this is
the whole issue. One of the reasons, I
think, for Elon pursuing this is that
here's an opportunity to write what many
see as a mistake that he made.
uh when he took Tesla public and he
didn't have voting control and this has
become you know a very common thing for
a lot of uh tech founders to maintain
voting control of their companies no
matter what their economic ownership is
whether it's the guys at Google whether
it's Zuckerberg at Meta etc and some
other examples Elon has that at SpaceX
with I think 85% voting rights that he
has with his shares he does not have
that at Tesla and so here's an
opportunity to for him to put that in
place. The question is as shareholders,
do we want that? And I can see that on
one hand you say, well, that seems kind
of risky to put, you know, to to give up
our our voice forever. Elon and so on
would would have that. On the other
hand, Elon has said that he's very
worried about, for example, building a
billion robot army essentially is what a
billion robots would be, and losing
control of that. And so part of it is
are we more worried about what Elon
might or might not do with his voting
control or are we more worried about
what could happen if Elon doesn't have
voting control in terms of someone being
able to take away you know control of
Tesla from him from us. Um that's an
important issue to think about. I don't
have the answer to that but I think
that's the issue that that's the most
important one. There are a lot of people
who are very afraid that Elon having
control is the worst outcome, but none
of them are shareholders.
&gt;&gt; It's like when we saw the revote on the
second compensation plan. If you only
read social media, you would be
absolutely convinced it was going to
lose by a landslide. And there are
reasons it could have lost. I mean, he
already did the work. Why bother paying
him if we got it for free? But those
aren't the reality. Those are people who
would never buy a share. And what I had
told those people is, look, if you want
to stick it to them, uh, buy as many
shares as you can and then vote. And of
course, they couldn't and wouldn't, so
it didn't really matter. Here's a
question I have that's a logistics
question on stock. Let's say Elon owns
this share and this share has five
voting rights. If he sells that share,
does that person get those five voting
share rights?
&gt;&gt; Um, I think it depends on how it's
structured. It might be that those
shares are ever sold, they revert back
to, okay,
&gt;&gt; a share where there's one voting right
or something like that.
&gt;&gt; Didn't know if there was a deed on the
individual share.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think those different class
shares I guess do persist. So for
example, the one thing to think about
is, you know, upon Elon's, you know,
death,
&gt;&gt; who gets those shares with those voting
rights,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um that is one thing I suppose that
could be dealt with that you could have
a situation where Elon says, "Okay, upon
my death, all these, you know, class B
shares or whatever they are,
&gt;&gt; they all revert to class A shares,
&gt;&gt; right? Because that doesn't impact the
value for anyone except him." Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he would have the choice of selling
or uh or the or just make the best
choice and don't die. I mean, have you
have you considered that?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's that. But the thing I
worry about is was when that happens,
whenever that is, right? Whether it's,
you know, 10 years or 100 years from now
if he if he discovers the a way to
lengthen his life. Um that eventually
his family then would do you really want
his family and all his kids to have
control of the company?
&gt;&gt; Kids we know nothing about. Yeah. uh
kids who will no matter how amazing or
terrible they could be today could be
completely different people in 10 years
let alone 20 or 30
&gt;&gt; and there might be infighting in the
family like there might be three or four
that are great and there might be a
bunch that aren't and therefore they're
constantly fighting with each other and
then the company suffers because of that
&gt;&gt; yes that has happened to other companies
so it's a very real consideration a very
real concern I imagine he has done some
estate planning that would mitigate that
if he hasn't, Mr. Mr. Musk, please
consider doing that. Um, I am not Elon
Musk and I have done estate planning.
So, it's just good practice. I do not
have my calendar as you know is very
full. My dear departure is not on it.
Uh, so
fingers crossed. Uh, so make the case
for why it would be beneficial to Tesla
shareholders. Well, again, it comes back
to this. Is 1 plus 1 greater than two?
&gt;&gt; Is it? Can it be?
&gt;&gt; That that's the issue. That's the
question. Um, and that's up for debate.
And I don't know that we can resolve
that debate here. Certainly, there's a
couple things to think about, right? We
do know that there's some
cross-pollination of employees between
the two companies. Does it make it more
or less likely that employees stay if
they can easily go back and forth
between the two, if it's one, than it is
now? Does it make it easier
administratively within the company?
Probably yes. Right now, when Tesla
sells Cybert trucks to SpaceX, that
revenue gets booked as revenue for
Tesla. They pay tax on the profit. In a
combined company, that that transaction
of SpaceX buying Cybert trucks from
Tesla doesn't result in taxes
immediately. So, there's definitely some
savings. And and by the way, last year
uh SpaceX uh purchased I think about 500
million in megapex
&gt;&gt; um and 147 million in other uh goods and
services. So there's there's a
reasonable, you know, exchange of
revenue between the two companies. Not
not massive compared to Tesla's 100
billion or so revenue. Um so that's one
thing. And then the biggest thing I
think and and Elon voiced this on the Q1
call is whenever there's a joint venture
or joint effort of some kind, you've got
to get the independent directors of both
companies involved to bless it, to
review it and bless it. Elon's a guy
that likes to move as fast as he can.
That's got to be very frustrating for
him.
So, we run the risk of if you're Tesla
investors and you reject a merger
proposal,
does Elon kind of look at this now as
Tesla as kind of your difficult child?
You love that child, but your child is
so difficult. It's kind of like, you
know what? I'm not going to give that
child quite the same opportunity as I
might give my other child who is more of
a star child and easier to deal with,
right? He loves his kids,
&gt;&gt; but if there's one that's easier to deal
with and allows him to move faster, you
might present those opportunities to
that child. And that's the situation
that I worry a little bit about. If
Tesla investors just reject it on face
value, then you know, and the two
companies remain separate, SpaceX may
get more of the future opportunities.
&gt;&gt; Okay? Because on things like Terapab, on
things like uh Digital Optimus or Macro
hard, it's unclear yet what the split
is. Is it 50/50? Is it is it 60/40? Is
it something else between the two
companies? And so if they're not one and
Tesla proves to be difficult to deal
with, then maybe more of that
opportunity goes to SpaceX. Things like
that is something I would worry about.
&gt;&gt; So all from my perspective, I'm an
investor in Tesla. I'm not an investor
in SpaceX. cuz I was unable to get in at
the preIPO price or ever before that.
Um, and I wasn't going to pay 152 when
the market opened. Uh, that turned out
to be a pretty reasonable choice on my
part. I love SpaceX, uh, but I don't own
it. If they have to pay some taxes to
buy some mega packs or Cybert trucks, I
don't think that's something that
impacts me as a Tesla investor. And if
Elon's going to not give us love for the
half trillion dollars we've given him,
that sounds like a really horrible thing
to do to investors. I know he said he
would take care of of Tesla investors in
the SpaceX uh IPO. That didn't happen. I
knew it wouldn't. It couldn't. I don't
know of a legal mechanism by which to
make that happen. So, if it's all about
give me what I want or else, I think
that would not be that would be to me a
reason to start getting division heads
who are in charge of things the way Gwen
Shotwell is at SpaceX. Gwen is going to,
as far as I can tell, continue running
launch operations,
but not be involved in, you know, the
building of AI models or the building of
data centers. I think that
compartmentalization is very healthy and
helpful. Tom J is running basically the
entire eastern hemisphere. I think he's
doing a magnificent job. Maybe we need
more of those departmentspecific,
you know, mini CEOs. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And I'm not suggesting that Elon
leaves Tesla out to dry if he doesn't
get what he wants,
&gt;&gt; but I think it's kind of human nature
that when something is more difficult
&gt;&gt; versus something is easier, you just
kind of gravitate towards what's easier
because that's it's easier, right? Like
why beat your head against the wall to
get something accomplished when you
don't have to beat your head against the
wall over here?
&gt;&gt; Or in the case of of Optimus. So, one of
the things, of course, is Optimus has
this incredible future, but one of the
biggest customers probably of Optimus
long term is likely to be SpaceX for
offplanet uses.
&gt;&gt; There's no guarantee that Tesla makes
those robots. At some point, SpaceX
could start their own Optimus program
&gt;&gt; and make robots that are designed for
use in space, which I'm sure will be
very different than the ones that we use
on Earth.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; So, and you know, Yeah. But I'll I'll
tell you, we're going to sell the market
is potentially we, you, me, and also
Tesla are going to sell billions of
these on Earth. Certainly millions if
not hundreds of millions. And off the
planet, we're talking thousands and
thousands. Not not a big enough concern
to me. Uh but
&gt;&gt; so so part of it then results in the
time frame issue, right? I think a lot
of people are saying, I want a return on
my stock in the near term. I don't
necessarily want to add all these future
things and offplanet uses of optimist.
Great. I don't care about that. That's
something for my kids or my grandkids to
worry about. I get that. And I But if
you're running a company, you'll always
have to try to position your company as
best you can for that future, however
long it is. If Elon sees an opportunity
to invest now for a return that might
come in in 15 years, I think he's going
to do that. but he's also hopefully
focused on the the projects that he
invested in years ago that are now on
the cusp of of really producing results
like Robbo taxi and Optimus as they
stand now. Um the other thing too just
to point out another issue um
increasingly
um Grock is going to become part of the
the feature set of the vehicles.
Gro is owned by SpaceX, SpaceX, SpaceX
AI. And so the question then is how much
value is being contributed by that? And
how much does Tesla have to pay for
Grock?
Right now that value might be small, but
over time the value probably increases a
lot.
&gt;&gt; Aren't I paying for Grock, though?
Because I know people who don't pay for
Grock and within minutes it says, uh,
you're going to have to come back later.
You don't have enough tokens or what,
however it phrases it. Well, sorry. I'm
talking about a robo taxi environment
where I see, you know, it's a service
that SpaceX AI is providing to Tesla as
part of robo taxi
&gt;&gt; and you've got to allocate then the the
cost of your ride that you just paid
for, say $5. How much of that now is
going to go to SpaceX AI
&gt;&gt; because the whole time you're on your
ride, you were talking to Grock or you
were using AI in some way that that
SpaceX AI was providing,
&gt;&gt; right? It's not just a transportation
service anymore. So, there's those kinds
of things I think that become more
complicated as time goes on.
&gt;&gt; Well, then they should buy Netflix
because you could make Netflix available
in the car or buy YouTube because
YouTube's available in the car. I just
don't see the need to pull everything
under one umbrella. And I'm concerned
that when if should the two companies
merge, we're looking at a market cap of,
you know, three4 trillion dollars. Um, a
lot of people will look at that and say,
"There's no headroom. I want a 10x. I
want a 20x with a price to earnings
already at in the hundreds. Uh it could
be decades before the price to earnings
makes sense on a traditional balance
sheet and future revenue is going to be
uh hard for a lot of people to imagine.
You know this you've made uh charts that
show robo taxi revenue that show uh FSD
revenue and people look at it and go
you've lost your mind. Now, when I
looked at it, I think you'll probably
remember what I said to you is, you
know, all of your assumptions are on the
conservative side, right? And you said,
I tried it the other way. It looked
crazy.
And it did. Not everyone can see that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I worry that if the two companies
merged, we'd be looking at 10 years of
trading sideways uh while while all of
these revenue streams spin up. whether
uh Optimus is in sight. We can see the
land from here. Robo taxi is on the
ground. We are already in that port.
We're just waiting to disembark. When it
comes to other things like Grock in the
car, it's still over the horizon, but we
know it's there. We can see the smoke.
Uh when it comes to data centers in
space, that's still a ways off, but
we've already got Megapod proposals
which could do something similar on the
ground. It's what is a megapod if not a
space-based compute but terrestrial. So,
there's a lot of things there. Um what I
would want to know before we get too
much further is in the comments, I want
to hear from you guys. Why should or
should not Tesla and SpaceX consider
merging? And uh and would you vote for
it? Bonus points for if you have shares
in either of the companies with which to
vote.
&gt;&gt; The one thing too, Brian, that I would
observe is as uh Tesla focused
investors, people that have been
investing with Tesla for years, they
know this company inside it out. They
know they have an understanding of what
the future is that's coming. Now they're
looking at SpaceX, which they are likely
less familiar with, right? They may not
have the same appreciation for that
massive opportunity that SpaceX has. And
this has been a learning curve for me as
well. And all I would say to those that
are so focused on Tesla's opportunity
and say, I'm worried about merging the
two and then having this decade, this
lost decade while the company has to
catch up. They're viewing SpaceX as kind
of a drag. They're viewing it as an
anchor on Tesla.
There's also the perspective that if you
were a SpaceX investor and now you're
looking at the prospect of merging with
Tesla that you see Tesla as that anchor
because you understand SpaceX so well
that you understand that the Starship
opportunity and the Starlink opportunity
and the orbital data center opportunity
is huge. But even before all that, the
terrestrial data center opportunity that
we've just seen in the last few months,
the revenue generation that's been
possible there. And right now, no one's
building terrestrial data centers faster
than SpaceX does. And so that is
something actually that can spin up more
revenue faster potentially than Roboaxi
can, even if you, you know, really ramp
up robo taxi. So there's just different
perspectives I think on where people
sit, but depending on where they sit and
looking at the combination of the two
companies. I would argue that the only
person that understands the two
companies better than anybody else is
Elon and he's the one ultimately that'll
make the decision to try to merge them.
And also he's going to have to he's
going to have to sell us all on the
idea. He's going to help have to help us
all understand Tesla investors and
SpaceX investors. He'll have to help us
all understand what the opportunities
are as a combined company.
&gt;&gt; If he can do that, then the merger will
go through. If he can't, then there's
going to be problems.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; For me, it comes down to that.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. I understand why it benefits
him. I still don't understand why it
would benefit me in the comments. I
definitely want to hear that from you
guys. Uh there are a lot of
opportunities that are visible and uh
mega was one that too many investors uh
too many analysts and wall street hedge
fund managers didn't see me coming. They
didn't see Shanghai coming. Giga
Shanghai US company's going to build a
big factory in China. That's that's a
bad idea. worked out not just pretty
well, but I would say the company might
not have survived without it, especially
during the unexpected shutdowns of 2020.
The factories were all closed at
different times. They survived. Exciting
stuff. So guys, in the comments, what
did we miss? What do we misunderstand?
Leave it. I beg of you. Everyone else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots.
When you subscribe, definitely do that.
And then leave a comment.
Thanks, Brian.