Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Powering the Future: GM and Peak Energy Collaborate on Grid-Scale Sodium-Ion Storage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEHcZQ9si6o
Published:   2026-06-12 20:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Heat.
And so today, I'm excited to share that
GM Energy's birectional chargers are
officially now ready to support BAG.
Starting next year, we plan to deploy
Second Life battery packs at our own
operating plants starting at the site in
Michigan. And by combining Peak system
expertise with GM's battery experience
and industrialization stream, we have an
opportunity to shape the next generation
of sodium ion and grids scale energy
storage technology and help Americans
expand energy access to practical,
scalable energy storage.
Hi everyone. Uh welcome to Monroe Live.
We're here at uh the GM Empower event.
I'm with Andy Ary who is the battery
engineer um that is talking about all
the things on the floor here today.
There's a lot going on, a lot of really
exciting like news, metrics, stats, like
different things that GM is approaching.
You know, Andy, one of one thing that
took, you know, beyond the technology
side of it that I really took away from
those conversations is the level of
partnerships that GM is endeavoring to
to establish, fortify, and announce like
that as as someone who's supporting all
these industries is very encouraging to
me. So, I want to talk to you a little
bit about that, but obviously the
technology on the floor, but thanks for
taking the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks for having me here. Um, we
are really excited today. I I mentioned
uh earlier when I was talking during the
presentations how excited I am. You
know, this is it's kind of uh nerdy, but
this is one of the most exciting days
for me in my battery career cuz we're
talking about sodium ion battery
chemistry today, which is a chemistry
that's uh safer, more durable, and made
of abundant raw materials.
&gt;&gt; GE system harnesses the strengths of
sodium ion. And together, we're
advancing that foundation with a next
generation cell that we're developing in
our labs to deliver even greater value
for utilities, data centers, and other
power providers.
That matters because advances at the
cell level can translate into meaningful
system level benefits for stationary
storage.
Sodium can form across a wider range of
temperatures and for longer than
incumbent chemistries with the potential
for less cooling and less complexity
than other grids scale batteries. Well,
and the thing I think all that is like
very palpable if you digest what you
just said for a second, but it's also
that it's like domestic and accessible
and there's like benefits even on you
know the anode cathode materials you can
use like there's all these other things.
Why uh would sodium ion be the best
solution from GM's perspective for
energy storage in particular?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question because
when you look at what it costs to
purchase, install, and operate an energy
storage system, this system here has one
job. Okay, its job is to take energy
from the grid when there's too much and
to give energy back to the grid when
there's not enough. But the problem is
most systems to do that basic function
you actually need to feed them
electricity to keep the battery cells
happy inside the system. Uh and that's
usually as part of a cooling system.
What we realized about sodium ion
chemistry working with peak is that
because sodium ion chemistry lasts
longer and can operate across a wider
range of temperatures. Um those aren't
just great battery qualities. Those are
the exact qualities you need if you want
to simplify a system like this. Because
if the battery lasts longer, it can stay
on the job longer
&gt;&gt; and it can supply energy to the grid
longer. If the battery can withstand
more extreme temperatures, you can
actually eliminate the cooling system.
So all of that electricity that you
would have to feed into a system like
this for care and feeding of the
chemistry, you can take away almost all
of that in order to lower your operating
cost and have a lower uh cost energy
storage system on the grid.
&gt;&gt; So if I'm hearing you correctly, it's
kind of like we we laid out the criteria
where it's like this would make for a
great energy storage battery chemistry
and then sodium ion was like check check
check.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's it's uh it's our
relentless focus on delighting the
customer. And in this case, it's not uh
the auto buying public. It's it's a B2B
and uh customer and it's a utility
customer. But that's exactly what
they're looking for. They're looking for
the lowest cost electron and the lowest
worry electron. And we think that's what
we can provide them with sodium ion
chemistry.
&gt;&gt; Our next generation sodium ion cell
development will drive energy density
higher and cost lower with the potential
to outperform more mature chemistries
over time.
that long-term potential matters. Sodium
is one of the most abundant elements on
Earth. It's in table salt and that gives
us pathway to more affordable materials,
lower cost, and greater supply chain
resilience as we build storage at scale
over the long term.
&gt;&gt; Now, I I wanted to spend a little bit of
time looking at the pack and the
architecture. I mean, these are these
are monstrous packs, but they've got a
big job to do. How did you guys land on,
you know, separate from the chemistry
architecture, but the physical
architecture, the mechanicals, like how
did you guys make those material
selections and and maybe a little bit
what are we looking at on the floor
here?
&gt;&gt; Well, you talked about partnerships and
so I'm going to give credit where
credit's due. This is Peak uh Energy's
system. And so they have engineers on
their team that have already engineered
multiple ESS systems at other companies,
but they decided they wanted to start a
new company and do it better themselves
with that fundamental premise that a
passively cooled energy storage system
is the way to win.
&gt;&gt; And the way to do passively energy
storage is to have sodium ion. But this
system is really neat because if you
look at, for example, um they call this
a battery module. This giant black box
they call a battery module. It looks
like what we would think of as a battery
pack in most EVs. Um and what they do is
they stack nine of them on top of each
other.
&gt;&gt; There's a gap in between them that
allows air to flow through it. And all
of these modules are on a tilt. That's
not that's not a display thing. That's
actually how they're built in
production. So, just like uh when you
warm up the chimney in your house and
heat rises and it continues to pull air
through the chimney, this system as
temperature rises will continually and
gently pull air flow between all the
packs to keep them cool uh in order to
keep even temperatures throughout the
battery. And so you're using very basic
or fundamental elements of
thermodynamics and you're just saying
don't let the heat stagnate, let it
escape naturally, right, which is going
to take something that would be very
passive and make it slightly active just
using the laws of thermodynamics.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And we're trying to make these
batteries more like what consumers are
used to. You don't have a liquid cooling
system on your iPhone battery or uh your
power tool battery or your flashlights,
right? So we want to get batteries back
to the point of being silent stationary
objects that sit there and do their job
reliably and no one has to worry about
them.
&gt;&gt; With uh the number of cycles, I think
one of the graphics that you had showed
was on and on on the order of 3 to 4x
the number of cycles over its life
versus some other chemistries that that
are in GM's portfolio but not tailored
to the storage piece of it.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. So uh energy storage
systems a lot of times people use cycles
as a proxy for uh time because many uh
energy storage systems are being cycled
once a day. Uh so these systems are
designed to last for 20 years or more uh
which takes 10 to 20,000 full cycles.
Whereas um a typical electric vehicle
battery um you know after you've driven
1,000 full cycles on a battery on an EV
that has 300 miles of range that's
300,000 miles, right? So, um, you
actually don't need nearly as many
cycles on an EV battery as you need for
grid energy
&gt;&gt; because everything around the battery is
going to collapse first. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Theoretically, correct? Right. Right.
Yeah. No, that makes perfect sense.
&gt;&gt; Now, I I mentioned in the beginning, you
know, a bit about this partnership and
what GM's been able to accomplish. I've
found in my own, you know, personal life
or professional life, those things only
happen when you've got really good
people with really good focus at the top
and saying, "Hey, we're gonna we're
going to find compromises. This is the
mission. We're going to work with
partners."
&gt;&gt; What do you find has, you know, in in
GM's example here and all the partners
that are represented here? What has been
the enabler for GM to pull all this
stuff together? Well, in this
partnership, what Peak brings is this
novel passively cooled um energy storage
system. And what General Motors is
bringing is uh the ability to develop a
next generation sodium ion cell that's
going to take that system. That system's
already simple and it's better than most
of what's out there. And we're going to
make it even better with a next
generation sodium ion cell. So what
you're looking at on this table is are
these are tangible examples of what we
were able to build uh at the facilities
we have in Warren, Michigan. Uh we're
going to use the same uh tools that we
have to build better electric vehicle
batteries to make better energy storage
batteries. So we have a battery R&amp;D lab
where we can synthesize new battery
materials and chemistries like this. And
then we've got a battery prototype lab
where we can bring that to life. So this
is a General Motorsmade cell that I'm
holding right now. We didn't have to ask
anyone for help. We did it ourselves on
our campus in Warren, Michigan in
walking distance to our R&amp;D lab. And
then what we also have is you have to
actually manufacture these things and in
a bunch of different steps including
very sophisticated steps like uh coding
the active material on an electrode. And
that processing um we perfect at our
battery cell development center where we
can make a couple thousand of these
types of cells each day at production
speeds and that helps get us uh bridge
the gap between prototyping and
gigascale manufacturing. So, so that's
what we bring to this relationship is
the recipe and the process to make uh
best-in-class en uh energy density
sodium ion cell
&gt;&gt; and then you plug in as you mentioned
the integration and the system level
architecture that that they've developed
y and it's a dovetailed fit.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; That's fantastic. Now, some of the
things that we talk about on the anode
and cathode, you look at similar
architectured cells but with a different
chemistry, you'd find copper versus
aluminum. you'd find difficulties in the
carbon piece of that whereas these are
uniquely suited to less costly
materials. Why why is that? Where was
the thought process here?
&gt;&gt; Well, so uh one of the things that's
neat about sodium ion is that you can
use aluminum foil on both the anode and
the cathode, whereas in a lithium ion
cell, you have to use more expensive and
heavier copper on the anode. Um the only
downside of it is when you're walking
around the lab, uh you have to really be
careful about how you label your
material because now it all looks the
same.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Um but yeah, so you have a more
affordable uh anode foil and that's
driven by the fundamental chemical
reactions that are happening inside a
lithium uh ion cell. If you tried to use
uh aluminum on the anode in a lithium
ion cell, you would have chemical
reactions that would immediately degrade
the battery.
&gt;&gt; You'd get an alloy and that's not good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't have that in uh sodium
ions. So that's one enabler for uh cost
downs. And then you know the um sodium
uh material itself is ubiquitous. It's
uh the entire state of Michigan is
practically on top of a giant salt mine.
So um now it's not battery grade and
that's always the problem with battery
materials is you've got to take dirt and
rocks and you've got to turn it into
fancy dirt and rocks through processing.
Uh but that's something that we can do
here in the United States is we can
process these raw materials into useful
battery materials.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is fantastic. You're
you're touching on a lot of things that
in the lithium space, certainly in
automotive, and I'm sure you've
experienced this, we're constantly
looking at what are the alternate
materials. We're balancing cost and
performance and crate and packaging and
weight and all these other attributes.
And there's like standard metrics that
we'll all use to get there and
standardize the way that we look at
those things. But it's a different set
of metrics to a degree when you're
looking at the storage solutions.
&gt;&gt; It is. It is because it would be very
difficult to take a sodium ion cell and
put it into an EV and get for example
300 miles of range. That would be really
difficult to do today. But in an energy
storage system, you're not worried about
300 miles of range. You're worried about
will it last 20 years? Can it handle
higher temperatures? Um is it safer so
that you can have a totally passive uh
system.
&gt;&gt; Sure. No, it's it's I I love the
creativity and the unique approach.
We're really excited to see where this
goes. And you know, uh, Andy, I'm really
just excited to see, you know, as we as
we're trying to help, you know, I was
recently at the Meno Policy Conference,
we're talking to to policy makers and
and corporate leadership and all sorts
of industries and walks. We're trying to
figure out ways to support from from the
profitability side and the connection
and networking side to get more
companies to develop partnerships much
like GM has done with Peak, PG&amp;E, uh,
Charge Point, etc. And um we're really
excited to see that.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Thank you for taking the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you very much for the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Good luck. Thanks. Thanks
everyone.