Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Raised The Bar Again
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dl6F9rEia28
Published:   2026-07-02 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We call it full selfhearing.
&gt;&gt; Nice. But like why not? Why not?
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; It is now intelligent enough to
understand what's going on on hearing.
So it's got eyes and it's got ears and
it's got a brain. It's like truly a a
sentient thing and then it tells the
factory, hey, I've got to squeak and
rattle.
Tesla vice president of engineering Lars
Moravi had a sitdown chat with friend of
the show Herbert who is there to make
him brighter as well. Well, now it's his
turn to make us brighter. Herbert's uh
had some great questions, got some
fantastic insights and uh did so in a
way that we all found kind of fun and
refreshing. Uh let's have a chat about
that. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
So Herbert, I wanted to start off the
video the normal way, which is by
playing your video in its entirety while
we sit here and just look at it.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; For for an hour. No, of course not.
&gt;&gt; I can do a playbyplay of
&gt;&gt; No, not play by play. We'll just let it
run for an hour.
&gt;&gt; Give me Make me some more money. Sure.
Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then uh No, no, we're
not going to do that. What we'll do is
we'll play it back at 5x speed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's worse. That's a worse idea.
Why don't I just ask you some questions
about it because you had a chance to go
down uh meet with Lars and some of the
other folks there at Tesla. Uh there was
this Jeff fella next to you that you
jammed into a bush. I thought that was
hilarious. Uh and you can't say you
didn't because he's like he's like
knocking into it. It was hilarious.
&gt;&gt; Let me tell you that story, I guess.
&gt;&gt; All right.
Uh so first of all very very uh
fortunate that Laura said yes and
invited us to come down and initially it
was going to be just a 30 minute meeting
and Jeeoff and I said okay well we'll
still worthwhile come down there and do
that but uh they saw our questions and
when he saw our questions uh he
appreciated them enough that he turned
into an hourong meeting and we thought
that that was kind of cool and then he
also said you know um that he actually
took notes first time he's ever done
this he took notes and he prepared
because he thought the questions were so
great. So that was uh you know you can
imagine Jeff and him are basically
finishing each other's questions. Um
they they've lived the factory launch
fight engineering to launch kind of
experience both of them at the highest
level. Of course Lars is the highest
level. I'm not you know trying to say
but Jeff is like you know at least he's
there right? He he understands that
space. Um, and then when we got there, I
had in my mind I wanted to have this
interview where instead of a conference
room, which is what they, you know,
reserved, which is very typical, big
giant table, I wanted a smaller table
and just something a little bit more
intimate. And what I was saying to
people would be ideally it would be like
the Cheeky Pint kind of podcast. I don't
know if you've seen that, Brian. Um, and
and what it is is Elon was interviewed
one time. It's a It's a It's in a bar
and it's a booth and then the guest and
Elon was on one side of the booth and
you have the people interviewing on the
other side and they're looking each
other in the face and they're very close
to each other and they're drinking beers
and they're just like relaxed.
That's what I wanted. And go there and
it's a massive conference room. But
fortunately, they were so kind. They had
several people, four people that were
there to support us and they said,
"Anything you want, move the big giant
conference table, we'll move it." They
brought us two other smaller tables that
are too tiny. Said, "That won't work."
And finally, we found the right size
table. And then I said, "Oh, can you get
me some plants?" And they went around
found these plants. And that's why
that's why you see
&gt;&gt; and then you jammed jammed into one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's why it's like that because
it was like, you know, we're trying to
you know, like it's so tight. Yeah.
Yeah. It was my fault. I thought, well,
he's cutting a corner. Even even uh
Lawrence was cutting a corner, but I
wanted it to be very intimate. So,
that's why that is.
&gt;&gt; And then when we got there and I said,
you know, this is my uh ideally it would
have been great if we kind of like I
wish I had you come to a barn and we
drink. He said, "Oh, all right." And he,
you know, gave me another 10 minutes and
he got somebody to go up to his office
to get me to get those beers. And so, it
was wonderful. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's great. That's great. Let's talk
about the engineering. We learned
something new, Herbert. Well, I learned
something new. I assume we all did. Full
selfheing.
What is that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so like
&gt;&gt; those are really cool.
&gt;&gt; You know, our our cars drive themselves
from the end of line to, you know, to
the logistics yard now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They also go over the bump, squeak, and
rattle track, listen to the noises, and
document them back and tell the the the
people what to fix.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; we call it full selfhearing. Nice. But
like
&gt;&gt; why not?
&gt;&gt; Why not?
&gt;&gt; Wow, that is cool.
&gt;&gt; I asked them the question of how are you
guys using AI? You're clearly seen as
the best in manufacturing, uh,
best-in-class in manufacturing,
best-in-class in physical AI, real world
AI. And so we're expecting you to find,
you know, be leading edge of how do you
use AI in manufacturing? And he said,
you know, he, you saw his reaction, he
got so excited. Can I give you an
example? Uh my favorite example got very
excited and he shared this idea that
when the cars self-drive out of the t
the factory and they do they supposed to
drive to the parking lot they will get
them to go over the speed bumps and as
they do they've got speaker they've got
uh microphones the ones that they have
in side the car already to listen to you
know to hey hey grock and and those kind
of things and they turn it on and they
can listen for any kind of squeaks or
rattles as it goes over the speed bumps.
And then they have to train it because
that's what they are experts in big data
and machine learning. And they go okay
does that sound like a sound that is
coming from the car. It's coming right
in that location. And then they
understand that that is a squeak and
rattle. So where what part of the car?
So the car's not only driving itself, it
is now intelligent enough to understand
what's gone on hearing. So it's got eyes
and it's got ears and it's got a brain.
It's like truly a a sentient thing. And
then it tells the factory, hey, I've got
a squeak and rattle and then they fix
the line. That's the other thing he
said, by the way. He said before it was
just communicate, but now there's actual
intelligence between the two AI systems.
So the AI and the car tell the the AI in
the factory, hey, that's the problem.
And then they go and they figure out
what's the problem and then they fix it.
And so this speed of iteration will be
faster and faster and faster. catching a
problem before it gets delivered to a,
you know, to the to the field if it's a
cyber cab or if it's a real car to a
customer. Um, so he called it and they
call it full self-heering.
It's really funny.
&gt;&gt; So, let's talk about that real quick
because the way it works right now is at
most manufacturers a car rolls off the
line, someone drives it over to the
little NVH track, runs it through it
once. If it sounds good, they're done.
If it doesn't, they take it over to the,
you know, polish up shop where they say,
"Look, I hear something rattling in the
front corner." This does it
automatically. But there's a second
benefit, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; The second benefit is no one's ever
going to drive this car. How would you
know if it develops a rattle at 1,000
miles or 20,000 or 100,000? One of the
ways that you know that something is up
with your car, truck, or SUV is because
you can hear it while you're driving.
Now, if you could feel it, the car could
feel it, too. It can detect things like
that. But my car can't hear a rattle. It
can. And if you get just an egregiously
loose interior panel that's that's
rattling at 41 miles an hour and only
41, that's something where it could go
into the shop and say, "Look, I know
you're not going to duplicate it because
you have to go 41. Just fix it."
&gt;&gt; You know, one of the things he said
about the Cyber Cab was, "Not only are
we producing the cars, and it's we're
testing it for full self-driving. It's
got to be self-driving. Perfect. Safety
is number one, but the experience is
something that we're now really focusing
on. We were have been focused on when we
designed it, but now this is going to be
the area. And so if you have a cyber cab
and it has a squeak and rattle, it's not
going to be a good experience for the
customer or who's, you know, riding in
there. So they want to catch this before
it becomes an issue. So it's just it's
just one example. And he said there's
like many many more, but this one was
his favorite. And it is it's a fun
story. Uh, but it's so cool. It really
is so cool.
&gt;&gt; Burnin track. What is that?
&gt;&gt; Isn't that You're the one telling me.
Isn't that the the big track that they
built outside of Giga Texas where it's
like a race car thing and we've been
watching all the cyber cabs out there
and they're racing each other and
they're driving around and around. So,
what he said uh that's happening now.
So, first of all, cyberc cab
manufacturing line is 90% automated.
that is much uh further ahead than he
himself were expecting because he
thought that there would be a lot more
problems but the team has suffered
through past issues knowledge and
experience that they were able to do
this faster than normal and not having
those same issues. So that was good.
Meaning that they're producing now when
they produce these cars. Uh he said that
they are production level but they're
still testing and they're n the vast
majority of them are being tested for
FSE. We'll talk about that. That's one
reason why it's not yet been rolled out
for robo taxi. But they then go and
bring these cars to this test track to
to really make sure that you know their
own testing. So that's why one reason we
see these car cyber caps all over the
United States. They're being tested not
only for vehicles integrity and quality,
but also for full self-driving. But the
test track, right, you told me that it
just accelerates how fast they can just
go, look, I'm going to go 1,000 miles,
go around this thing for 1,000 miles,
and then we'll see what happens to the
car. At that point, they can really test
it at that point.
&gt;&gt; They could absolutely do that. The way
this is currently done when you're
testing a a new vehicle in Detroit is
they hire crews that drive the vehicle
in a very specific loop around Detroit
24 hours a day. I know this because I
was driving with a Ford engineer. We
were on that road and he goes, "Oh,
look, there's a convoy now." I'm like,
"A convoy of what? Those are just" He's
like, "No, no, they're they're burning
miles. They're just burning miles.
Wouldn't it be great if you didn't have
to have drivers in all of them and the
track was inside your location in a
controlled environment? It's uh
fantastic. It's going to save time. It's
going to save money. It's going to give
you a lot more. But even for the ones
that are being produced
&gt;&gt; because these cars drive themselves,
right? They're just driving themselves
and just go go around the circle and
they they uh they make sure they don't
hit each other. So that's a
&gt;&gt; I think that's helpful.
&gt;&gt; I I think so. And they instead of doing
a half mile of traditional NVH, do 5,
10, 20, 50 miles of actual driving.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Do the NVH track one, two, three times
during that course. Why not? Uh, okay.
So, that's what that is. Hey, he did
mention, you know, in the early days,
Tesla was famous for their panel gaps.
Oh, panel gaps you could see from space.
I've seen some of those early cars.
There were concerns. And the reason was
they brought in the best steel stamping
guys in the country to stamp their
aluminum. It doesn't stamp the same. Uh
so there were issues out of the gate.
They got those fixed. My car is a 23. My
son's car is a 25. They're both from
Fremont. They're both straight. They
both look great. There's no issues. The
difference here is that uh the
reputation hasn't gone away even though
the quality has improved drastically.
Lars shared that according to JD Power,
they've got the third best panel
alignment fitment
&gt;&gt; in the in among all cars tested.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's that's really good.
Uh any thoughts on that? Well, the
reason how they got that and that is you
know the conversation of where we got
there was how do you use AI in your
manufacturing process and the most
obvious one is is using your vision
cameras looking for panel gaps and as
soon as it's built takes a snapshot of
the car se you know the the AI with the
vision sees it and then it goes and
tells the people at the back you know up
the line saying what did you do
instantly did you see him go like
Yeah, it was like like click clack like
like that's how fast it was. As soon as
you find it, they find out what
happened. The same car went just went
through.
&gt;&gt; Why did this happen? And then they if
they know they'll figure it out and stop
it from happening in the future. That's
how quick it is. And it goes all the way
back to stamping. It doesn't just go
back one step or two. And by the way,
the snapping as a former waiter, I just
assumed he wanted another beer. I I was
mistaken.
&gt;&gt; I don't get them all right, Herbert.
Sometimes I make mistakes. Now, this is
uh one of those overnight successes.
Like so many overnight successes, you
see a celebrity an overnight success.
They've been working at it 20 years, but
it was the one night that made the
difference. Unboxed uh has been in
conceptual development since 2014.
&gt;&gt; Uh that is uh 12 years for an overnight
success is about standard if you believe
it or not. that is it's not the it's not
the one hour of performance that you did
that made you who you are. It's the 10
20 years that you practiced to get
there.
&gt;&gt; Uh so uh
&gt;&gt; what do you see the future of unboxed
being? Do you think this will catch on?
Do you think other companies will do it?
&gt;&gt; Well, I hope they do because they they
do like to copy T Tesla which they
should copy Tesla. In fact, Tesla
recommends that they do. For example,
gig casting. First one to do it was Tes
Tesla. Now it's now standard, isn't it?
Like we saw a few companies kind of roll
in say, "Yeah, we're going to copy it,
too." And then now it's industry
uhwide standard. You got to do giga
casting and unboxed. I mean, these guys,
you know, the question that Jeff asked
was, why is it that you know that to
make a decision like this takes guts?
because you've got this proven line that
you've you've optimized for decades,
some cases hundreds of years. You've
optimized the line. You know, remember
the Ford line? It's been optimized since
Ford, the actual guy, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh he was famous for doing that. And
then now you're going to just start from
scratch and go, okay, you know what?
Instead of a line, we're going to do
this unbox model. And but that's a huge
risk. And they took it. And why? That's
that's what um that you got to give him
credit for taking that risk. Now the
cool thing is that it's 90% automated
and he's saying that it's happening and
it's working. There's no way at this
point they're going to go back because
what did he say that something like um
so so first of all it's vertical. So
this the the he was I said to ask them
what is the thing that you're most you
think that people have completely
underappreciated about the cyber cap and
it's he called it efficiency but it's
not the efficiency that you and I have
been talking about which is the battery
efficiency right this car can drive from
500 miles uh but he's talking about the
efficiency from raw material to cyber
cab out the um the end how just
efficient that is so they they use all
you know the square footage required is
I can't I don't know what the number is.
I think it's I felt like saying onetenth
of what it was before.
&gt;&gt; It is about that there are in a
traditional automobile manufacturing
setup there are about 200 cells. What
Lars disclosed was that this is 20 to
25. And the fact that he's got a 25%
variable in there tells me that we might
be thinking of cells in the wrong way.
It might be something a little bit
different because it's all going to be
just about all lockout space. So it
doesn't have to be individual cells per
se. So yes, the it is efficiency. It is
an efficient design. It is designed to
be manufactured efficiently. Of course,
you are getting your 165 watt hours per
mile giving you tremendous 3 400 miles
of range on a fairly small battery. Uh
so that is all
&gt;&gt; did you hear say uh that even so Wells
Fargo is completely under analysts like
Wells Fargo is completely
underestimating this that's fair it's
Wells Fargo they're like the they're
like they've been like the dumbest
analyst that there has been but he then
say also Arc Invest so even the most
optimistic
most
&gt;&gt; super bullish Tesla bull out there who
an analyst of ArchInvest and he's saying
that even their They don't even have I'm
I'm sure they're being conservative.
They don't want to assume what Laura
said is uh you guys haven't figured out
yet how efficient this is to create a
cyber cap.
&gt;&gt; We're going to be making at a scale. He
repeated this several times in interview
that people don't realize the scale. So
this idea that they're going to get to 2
million per year, it's almost like a
given, but he's thinking maybe more. And
that that aligns with when Jeff asked
him, "Is this a platform?" And his
answer is well the cyberc cab that's
called a line is a platform on itself
because of the sheer number of how many
we're planning to build for this now in
the future would we then use it to
create different form factors probably
but at the end of the day this is this
is so huge the cyber form factor is the
the one that I think he thinks is going
to be not only 2 million but maybe 10
plus million
&gt;&gt; just this one car. So yes, we'll create
different variations of it, but we don't
really need to. This one car is going to
fill the fill the coffers for a long
time.
&gt;&gt; I have lost my confidence in Arc Invest.
&gt;&gt; I uh had had reached out to them about
uh getting some understanding of their
philosophies. Uh they were not able to
accommodate the request. I can't see the
vision and I and I can see the returns
and they're negative for a long time.
So, I'm uh I'm I'm
&gt;&gt; sure
&gt;&gt; I haven't I'm probably not making a
video about it, but I'm planning to sell
off all my
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm I'm a fan of Archbass, but and I
understand their thesis.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't and uh but I understand
their results and it's been unfortunate.
My timing wasn't great, I guess, when I
bought six, seven years ago. So, uh, the
last thing I've got a question about is
you got the inside scoop of something
coming up in just a matter of days, July
7th. Herbert, um, what are they going to
what are they going to tell us, uh, when
they reveal what I assume you you're
going to now tell us is the Model Y L?
Is that what they're supposed to?
&gt;&gt; No. Uh, first of all, I do not have an
inside scoop. You all heard what I
heard.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no.
&gt;&gt; And, uh, as soon as he said I cannot
talk more about this at this time, I
didn't press him on it. I'm not going to
go and say, you know, come on, spill the
beans.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. So, it's a cyber cap. Got it.
&gt;&gt; I will say I mean, if you watch the
video and uh, you know, the video is
what it is. He said that statement after
a lengthy discussion about Sarcap.
That's how we ended this conversation
about CyberCap. So, it has something to
do with CyberCap. Not the Model Y, not
the Roadster. Some people are uh you
know, just guessing it is something
about CyberCap. Now, I don't know what
it is. It could be I mean, he said it's
cool news. So, it's not could be
you and I were joking around about it,
right? It could just be like, oh, we're
going to have a big race. Uh you know,
we've got the the track out back. We're
going to have this fun, you know, summer
party because it's July 4th. We're going
to do a so July 4th party. It's July
7th. Maybe they'll do a and we've seen a
Sarbocab decked out in the American
flag, right? So maybe that's what this
is. A big giant celebration of America
and you know that's what this could be.
But um but he did say it has something
to do with scale uh regarding scale. So
what could that mean? Like we're going
to build a new factory. We're going to
double down in cyber cabab production.
Right.
Mhm. So what you're saying is they're
going to announce on July 7th that
Berlin is getting a cybercab factory.
&gt;&gt; No, no, he said well no he said it's
around Giga Texas, right?
&gt;&gt; Oh, so what you're telling us is that he
told you that on July 7th he will
announce
&gt;&gt; it
that Optimus is entering production.
&gt;&gt; I I'm I'm going to get it out of here.
&gt;&gt; You're gonna get
&gt;&gt; The trick is that you don't actually
know, but I'll still get it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll get it. I do have a theory
and you you you helped me come up with
this theory which made me uh which you
know I pieced it together because of a
conversation I was having with you. So
my theory is just simply that you know
they missed they missed hard this
promise that they were going to expand
to five cities by the end of this um
June 30th right by the end of June. Now
we're in July. So I think in July 7th
they might just kind of say okay we're
we're ready to launch in these multiple
cities. Um, I don't think it's a cyber
cab. I do think it's uh I think I think
it's just simply we're going to do robo
taxi launch in multiple cities and
that's what the kind of cool news is,
right? Cuz they're they're they're late.
They're late now. Uh but if they do it
by July 7th, I think that they can um
they can redeem themselves and say,
"Yeah, I did it." And the reason why I
think they might have been late is that
well, July 30th was a Tuesday, so they
they should have done it basically on
the weekend and they didn't. And then
this weekend coming up is July 4th
weekend, which is probably for some many
reasons you may not want to do a launch
during the July 4th weekend. So then
they may decide to do it on July 7th.
Although it's not a Sunday, which would
have been the best time to truly launch.
So I don't know. That's that's my guess.
It's just that we're going to launch in
multiple cities. Here we go. You know,
&gt;&gt; well, I will tell you they don't need
redemption. They said the first half of
the year. It is still the first half of
the Chinese New Year. So,
&gt;&gt; we've got some flexibility. Uh, here's
my question. Let's name the five cities.
We know there's cars in Dallas.
&gt;&gt; Miami.
&gt;&gt; We know there's cars in Miami.
&gt;&gt; Well, just in Texas, we've got Dallas,
Houston.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Austin, and maybe Well, Austin isn't a
new city, though.
&gt;&gt; And maybe San Antonio.
&gt;&gt; But, but that's three right there.
Before you even talk about Vegas, I did
see a comment on X that Nevada is
expected to approve their final permit
on the 7th.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; they applied for 5,000. So, we know for
sure they applied for 5,000 robo taxis
in Nevada.
&gt;&gt; So, Vegas, Phoenix, we we just heard we
just reported yesterday that Miami fire
department or has been
&gt;&gt; Paul Gabes or whatever it is has been
training
&gt;&gt; in uh in training in uh cyber cabab. So,
it's Miami.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; M. Yeah. Miami, Phoenix, Las Vegas,
Dallas, Houston, and more. There are
more possibilities. It could be more
than five in this the first half of the
Chinese year. So, guys, uh, in the
comments, what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you. I
have got so much stuff to get done
because uh as of this video's release,
it is July 2nd, which means I've got uh
I've done just a little bit ago the uh
live production and delivery numbers
drop. Thank you for watching that. You
definitely did. And then I've got to
head over to the uh Fourth of July
festival at Lake Sack Jawia Park in Long
View, Washington, where I'm hosting an
EV info booth. David Moss will be there.
Is that not reason enough to join us,
you guys? I mean, what what more do you
want from me, I guess, would be my
question. So, um yeah, like, subscribe,
stay tuned and Juicy, and I cannot wait
to hear from you clever robots there.
That place. Let's do it.