Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Waymo Has No Answer For FSD’s Move + 20 Top News Stories - Live 9am Pacific
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_8l4fZSbdA
Published:   2026-05-18 05:32 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-18 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday. It is May 18th. We are here
for the news and we've got a whole ton
of it. If it's your first time here,
hey, uh what we do is we go through 15,
20, 25 news stories as quickly as we can
so you're all caught up and at the end
there is time typically for a quick
overview of uh your comments to answer
them. So, if you have questions, get
them in the chat as early as you can.
Early thumbs up also helps. Let's get to
it.
Uh yeah, price increase on the Model Y.
Get them while they're hot. Rear wheel
drive uh premium up a,000. All-wheel
drive up a,000. Model Y performance up
just 500. This is actually adjusted for
inflation, lower than the price was
after the last price increase, April 1st
of 2024. So little increase in the
price. doesn't even keep up with
inflation. If your job hasn't paid you
6% more since then, which typically it
hasn't, we're getting we're falling
farther behind as a people. That's not
great. Tesla's introduced two new paint
colors for Model 3 and Y in the US.
Here's why Canada only gets one. It's a
question of where they import them from.
The two colors are marine blue and frost
blue. Actually, sorry, deep. the frost
blue expands, but the marine blue uh is
uh deeper. It's a deeper than the
regular deep blue metallic. It's a
little bit darker. So, some new colors
out there if you like. Hey, let's get
into the biggest story. Crash data. Oh
my gosh. Tesla finally reported
unredacted information about its robo
taxi. We don't know why it was released.
It may have been an accident, but
looking at the data, it's not that bad.
17 crashes. Oh my gosh, you guys.
Meanwhile, Elon saying there's been no
real crashes. Well, uh, stopped at a
stop sign, truck behind it, rear ended
it. How is that your problem? Getting
hit by something. And it was a very
small ding. I don't know if you or I
would have reported it to the police.
Stopped at an intersection, left turn.
Uh, a passenger vehicle had been stopped
behind, proceeded forward, rear ended.
Tesla was proceeding straight on a
street where parking was limited. Uh,
the human took over. No, wait. Oh,
sorry. As the ads uh left side mirror
touched a truck, touched a truck. Would
you have reported that to the police?
Probably not. Started reversing. Uh, the
the vehicle started reversing after
encountering a blocked alley. Rear end
made contact with a wooden electrical
pole. Just contact. It didn't like
damage the pole that you and I would not
have reported. Tesla ads was reversing
in a parking lot uh into an empty space.
The right rear tire made contact with
the corner of a curb. It touched the
curb. We're calling that an accident.
So, this article really tried to make it
sound worse than it is. I'm going
through this going, where are the actual
accidents? A metro bus hit the robo taxi
with its bike rack. How is that? The car
stopped uh proceeding straight on a
street. Safety monitor requested support
to assist the vehicle with uh
navigation. The let's see the tea
operator took over control and that's
when it happened. So I mean you can go
through all of these. There's the list
is not that long. But stopped at a red
light an SUV that had been stopped
behind crept forward rear ended. Guys I
I don't know what to tell you. Th these
are
all quite normal. These would not
concern me in the least. Not quite as
true of Whimo. We're going to start with
a funnier story here. Uber's been taking
direct and indirect shots at Whimo. Uber
executives have been publicly dissing
Whimo. Uh, one executive called them out
directly or criticized their AVON
operators model. So, this is a great
story because it highlights the fact
that Uber has no soul, no morals, and if
there um was uh a tenth ring of hell,
maybe that's where they'd be. Um they're
warning that you're trying to scale your
own technology. Well, well, while while
ignoring us, why why don't we get a
chunk of your money? We have an app.
Look guys, Whimo has an app, too. Taken
together, Uber statement show how
delicate uh the role it's trying to play
as an orbiter between two competing
forces. Uh despite the incredible
progress AVs are making around the world
and enormous potential they hold, they
are still far from capable of meeting
the level of reliability and ubiquity
that c customers and city and cities
expect.
Well, yeah, but so do you, Dra, because
I'll tell you, there's no Uber in my
town. None. There used to be. It was
outrageously expensive. Now it's gone.
Whimo expanded its service without Uber
in five more cities. How dare they? How
dare they? In San Francisco, for
example, AV operators have expanded into
some of the wealthiest neighbors while
remaining absent from nearby cities like
Oakland. Yes, that's because a Whimo is
the most expensive way to get around.
I mean, okay, maybe Rick Shaw is up
there, but I don't really see many
people commuting on Rick Shaw. And for
the same reason, it's too expensive. You
need a lowcost option if you want to
serve the not wealthier neighborhoods.
And you're trying to pretend you've got
the moral high ground, Uber. You've got
the moral high ground. Please.
Man climbs into Whimo's driver's seat.
Then he gets a call. Thanks for doing
this so I don't have to. Misleading.
That was a comment by someone who read
the story. Not
not by Whimo. Not by the driver. Yeah.
Guy just as perhaps a bit under the
influence and he hops in and they say,
"Yeah, you are no longer a rider." But
what the article brings up is this is
just uh you know confusing. Why is there
even a seat there? Why is there even
controls if not for some drunk jackass
to hop in and commandeer?
They did point out that there was a time
when someone tried to carjack a Whimo
and Whimo just popped on the on the
communications and said, "You need to
get out." And he's like, "No, I'm
stealing this bad boy." And they're
like, "Well, you're not." And then the
police showed up because the car ain't
going nowhere.
So, that's fun. Whimo software recall
issues uh issued after vehicles swept
away by Texas floodwaters. This is the
example of why a neural net is better
than handcoded.
You see, there's a problem. These cars
don't want to go into water. There's a
video here. Maybe I can play it without
too much trouble. But it is uh in the
video, which is now There we go. We'll
be right back. You need to not do that.
Okay. Ads
to heck with them. So, in the video, the
cars are just parked. they won't go near
the water. But the problem was that they
would go near the water and so they uh
what do you do? There are cars going
around it and it doesn't want to follow
them. So sometimes the cars plot into
water because they were told to and
sometimes they won't go near the water
because they were told to and both are a
problem. You need to exercise judgment.
There's a car. You can see with a neural
net the other car, it would have seen
the other cars going around it and said
it's safe for me. If it's safe for them,
it's safe for me. But instead parked. So
they fixed that by saying it's okay to
drive through standing water. And one of
them got washed away. I don't know how
this recall is going to fix anything.
This is a more exciting one. I saw this
the other day. Uh away just decides I've
been at this red light long enough. You
know what I should do? I should just run
it. I'm going to just run this red light
on a left turn. Oh, so that's
terrifying.
I don't know how you fix this. And uh it
appears neither does Whimo. Least of
their worries. Hey, let's go block an
entire uh neighborhood. Let's go to a
neighborhood every morning, send in 50
cars, and just drive around empty. What
are you doing? training data. Getting
training data for one little culde-sac.
That's a great idea. This is what
happens when they put up a little uh
slow children present sign. I assume
there's a comma there that it doesn't
say slow children. If it does, all the
more reason they shouldn't be there. Now
they're all stuck having a little
congregation. So that's, you know,
not as scalable as you might hope. You
would almost think that they have a lack
of compute. They don't have a lack of
perception. That's clear. But a lack of
compute certainly. How do you fix that?
TSMC
uh planning a 20 billion expansion of
their Arizona facility.
Project faces water and labor shortages
complicated by visa rules.
Yeah. Yeah. That's not great. But hey,
man, we do need more chips. So, let's
see what we can do uh with that. Uh lot
of fun on the Tesla side. Uh very
exciting. 1433 started rolling out and
it comes with the spring update. We have
one car with FSD 1433 or 1432
and one with the spring update. So
that's weird. Uh actually smart summon
top speed has been increased to 8 miles
per hour from 6 miles per hour. By the
way, would you like to know uh what the
top speed of FSD is? 85 miles an hour. I
hear you saying doesn't have to be. You
can make it 87 if you want. You just got
to switch your readout to kilometers
because the top speed in kilometers is
140. That's 87 miles per hour. Next
cannonball run record. Guys got to do
that. That'll that'll save you a little
time. I did want to mention that. H get
them while you can. Ultimate experience
X takeover 1010 is going to be a big
deal. And the tickets are a third sold
out, half sold out. There's not very
many tickets. It is not a traditional
venue. You get the number of tickets
Tesla permits you to have. May Musk will
be speaking. Others will be speaking. I
assume I'll be speaking. I don't I don't
know. That hasn't been announced just
yet. But that but I'll be there either
way. And if I'm not speaking, I'll be
wearing a shirt that says band in Texas.
It's a lot of fun. We have some fun.
How's uh this how's the old ston doing?
Uh not great. Down two 2%. I've noticed
that since the China trip, a lot of
companies that are dependent upon Taiwan
semiconductors have fared poorly. Nvidia
down. Um but some others have been down
as well, but Intel was down. I mean all
anyone who makes chips or uses chips
extensively
did not care for the news. It felt that
uh there might be some policies
forthcoming that are a little unfriendly
to Taiwan where chips are frequently
made. Hey, do you like bad advice?
Because there is some bad advice out
there. Model Y price reduction drags
Tesla stock down 2.78% on Tuesday.
The price went up, dummy. What are you
talking about? It went You think it
went?
All right. uh don't follow them, but uh
follow me. Yeah, you can do that.
Doesn't cost you anything. You can also
support the mission. Uh I appreciate it.
Don't have to, of course. I'm here the
way. Got a series of uh posts from Fault
Bugs. This is all China related. China
Tesla FSD related. There is a bunch of
data uh data labelers being hired.
Interesting. And then you see, well, uh,
they're actually also, uh, hiring for
intelligent driving testers. The
position may require flexible travel to
various locations domestically and
internationally, conducting on-site
vehicle testing on public roads, test
tracks, validation sites. It immediately
reminded me of available to fly
nationwide. Whole lot of roles coming
up. Highly motivated motivated
individuals. Uh, doesn't feel like
loading. That's fine. I've got 9 million
tabs open. Probably only about 200.
Oh my gosh. They're hiring technicians
for specific city smart driving tests.
Real vehicle tests. Too crazy. Can you
guys even handle this? That's a lot of
news, you guys. We're breaking the news.
See if we can fix it. It might be under
warranty. BYD says battery supply is
tight as a fast charge EV demand
accelerates.
Specifically, what they're talking about
is their new flash battery and uh flash
charging. Uh recent uh launches included
all of these models. And there's some
discussion about battery temperature,
putting a megawatt into one car. Battery
supply discussion comes shortly after an
online debate in China over thermal
management with the ultra fast charging.
a live stream test that recorded battery
surface temperatures at 76 degrees C
during high rate charging sessions.
That's toasty. I don't know if that's an
issue. I would argue most of us do not
need megawatt charging.
Congress has introduced a bill to
permanently block Chinese vehicles from
the US. I don't know if this is going
anywhere because this was this is
bipartisan, you guys. a Democrat and a
Republican from Michigan introduced it.
From Michigan, you're not concerned
about data's privacy. You're worried
about
US uh you're worried about the big two
and a half is what you're worried about.
uh bill introduced by John Muinar and
Debbie Dingle,
whose names sound like I made them up,
is aimed at expanding restrictions on
Chinese cars, effectively ban vehicles
from Chinese automakers if they contain
China developed software or connectivity
systems.
Got to just sequester the data and move
forward, guys. Just got to just got to
do that. I don't know if this would go
anywhere, but you know, hey,
Toyota plans to build a $2 billion
assembly plant in Texas. This would be
going into San Antonio. It would be an
expansion of their existing facility um
up to two billion. Um could be even
more. 2,000 new jobs. That's not as many
new jobs as I expected because it's not
a whole factory. It's just the edge of a
factory that exists. Uh Volkswagen um
Volkswagen backed Goan launches Ganent
I'm going to just call it that. It's
probably designed by Gary Gnu. Sodium
ion battery up to 261 watt hours per
kilogram with mass production ready. I
don't generally cover miracle
breakthrough technology batteries
because they're generally not real. Go a
real company. Uh and the claims of this
are not outrageous.
62 W hours per kilogram on their um on
their one that can actually do extreme
cold. That's pretty darn good. High
energy version 261 low temperature
version 162 watt hours per kilogram. The
real problem with these isn't that
they're heavy, it's that they're bulky.
While they are light lighter, comparable
in weight to performance to other
batteries, they are much bulkier. They
are large.
It's fine. Mazda's EV delay is barely a
pivot. They just announced we're going
to be two years late with our EV, but in
doing so admitted, "We never actually
started." Oh my gosh. Are we Do we have
a due date coming up? Push it out. Push
it. So that's fine. 100 miles of range
for 35,000. That's
the MX30. I don't know if you remember
that. I think it was Kyle Connor who got
to see one. And the test drivers,
because it was at an event, the test
drivers weren't even they didn't know
anything about it. They're just like,
"No, I'm just here to Can you tell me?"
No, I can't tell. They didn't tell me
anything. I'm just letting you drive it.
If you want to drive it, drive it. I
don't know why, but go for it. Mazda
never really had their head in the game,
which is, you know, a place your head
should be
if you hope to win. GM found a
surprisingly simple way to make the 2027
Chevy Bolt better. Yeah, it we've got an
idea. We're going to make 30 at a time.
Yeah. Same color, same trim, 30 and then
switch it up. That's what we're going to
do. Wow, you guys just discovered the
assembly line. That's amazing.
Fine. Fine. That's great. And I mean, I
could read you the whole thing, but why?
It also cuts paint shop downtime because
equipment does not need to be cleaned as
often between color changes. Ah, I Okay,
so I get it. Leroy Marion does not.
That's the news editor. You don't know
how paint shops work. You don't paint
them. You don't change paint every core.
You put them in the body bank and leave
them up in the rafters until you need
that color. Leroy. Leroy.
Terrible.
Delta rejected Starlink over branding.
And now United's fleet is years ahead.
There's a recent survey that showed
Starlink on planes is basically just the
internet. Very high speeds, ton of
connectivity, and it's cheaper than
everybody else out there. Delta said,
"No, no, no, no. What we want is a Delta
portal." And Starlink said, "Just I
mean, just the internet? Is just the
internet. Okay? Can we put Starling?
Nope. Nope. It's got to be Delta. Look,
no one thinks Delta's got satellites.
What? Okay. If you Hey, if you have a
problem with that, we'll go to other
airlines and you, my friend, shall fall
behind. Don't know if I mentioned this
already, except I do. Hey, you could
subscribe. That'd be cool. We've got um
this is an interesting story I've been
following. Ethiopia leads revolution in
Africa. They imported a record number of
vehicles in 2024 from China in the
electric form and now they've doubled
it. Uh the original number in 24 was
19,000 and now it is 44,000 for 2025.
Energy security is national security.
If you can produce the juice you need
and not rely on oil that two countries
who are not you that you have no control
over decide to start fighting over,
avoid it. Avoid that as much as you can.
So they have hydro dams coming online.
They've been increasing their
electricity production. They can make it
all happen. So Ethiopia very exciting.
Uh, California announces billion dollar
rebate program for electric trucks as
Trump seeds global clean vehicle market
to China. This is important. A billion
dollars, a lot of money on a per vehicle
basis. This is important because uh it
allows Tesla to take the lion share of
it. No one else will have the volume to
actually move on this the way Tesla
does. and everybody else is too
expensive in the first place. So, this
is very exciting stuff. Two more stories
and then we will get to the Q&amp;A. Have a
little bit of time for that. Fleet of
hydrogen trucks set to hit the road in
New Zealand.
Why? Why is my question? Heringa and
heavy vehicle leasing group TR Group uh
have faced delays getting their model up
and running. You don't say. But now they
say they are now close to getting a
dozen hydrogen fuel cell trucks on the
road. But why?
They and other advocates for sustainable
transport say they offer a helpful
alternative to battery electric vehicles
for heavy freight.
Yeah, it's a it's an alternative. It's
not a viable alternative. Not everyone
sees hydrogen as a good way to
decarbonate decarbonize. Decarbonate.
That's what I did to my sod pop.
decarbonized heavy vehicles because
you're still using fossil fuel.
Hydrogen,
commercially available hydrogen is
almost exclusively made from uh reformed
natural gas.
Hydrocarbons, it's got hydro in the
name.
And just kind of a fun side story, you
know why these went away? Why the
cabover engine design died in the US?
Regulation change. They said, uh, look,
see, we had these up until like 80 82
because, uh, the rules said total
length, and they changed that to say,
look, just do trailer length, whatever
the cab length is, it is. These were not
as comfortable or spacious. The larger
cabs won out. That's it. That's all
there is to it. So, let's get into the
Q&amp;A. Do you have questions? I bet you
do. And if you don't, I mean, I don't
even know what to say about that, man.
Make this a little bigger. Nope, I was
already there. Good stuff. How is
everybody? How's the sound? I guess I
should have asked that. Have you
remembered to like the video? All of
these things. Very important. Going to
unpin that so we can see better. By the
way, uh Frederick, thank you so much. Uh
so what nets you more money, membership,
Patreon, or chats? Patreon has the
lowest cut. They take the lowest cut by
a good margin.
Um, I've seen people, oh, X takes no
cut. Uh, okay. Subscriptions on X takes
over a third. Over a third. They take
the highest cut. And I don't know if
it's their payment processing
inefficiency or what it might be, but X
takes the highest cut. And I I don't
know why people say otherwise. It's very
weird and it makes me trust them less.
Uh, let's see. Okay. getting this is all
pre-show stuff. If you have the
questions, ask them. Ah, Elon Smart,
we're going to collect ice from the
tanks when launching to to water the
server farm in space. Kevin, it's just
good planning. It's just good planning.
Did you know during a light show, my 22
Model 3 actually displays the word Tesla
out of both headlights? Only problem is
you have to be pointed at something to
see it. I didn't know that your 22 Model
3 would do that. I know that if you have
the adaptive headlights, certain
adaptive headlights at least, it's
supposed to do that. I think a car or
two that I have would do that, but I
have never pointed it at something that
would allow it to show. Very cool stuff.
I mean, we're all here to watch Brian
show us all the EV watered down data. Am
I right? Correct. I'm actually on time.
Nice. I was 15 20 seconds late because
for some reason it was just not
connecting. Who knows, man. Let's see.
I'm sure all Teslas do that, but it has
to display on a wall to be seen. So, not
all uh you you have to have the adaptive
headlights. Basically, a projector where
your headlight would be and then it
works. Awesome. Model Y does not seem to
have those sort of lights. H, but I saw
many other cars at Chattanooga that did.
Was it like 10 feet from a wall? It
would need to be. It would need to be 10
20 at most. Uh LFG batteries. Mhm. Yep.
Let's go iron batteries. Yep, that's
right. There were cars around me that
were painting it on my car from only a
couple feet away. Yes, I'm shocked. What
next? Large potholes are an accident.
So, that is one of them. A pothole
destroyed a tire and that is listed as
one of the accidents. And it shouldn't
be an accident report. It should be an
incident report. Those aren't accidents.
Those are incidents. Those are things
that just happened.
Uh, so it's
I've had FSD stop quickly because it was
confused by a pedestrian. If I were
rearended, it technically wouldn't be my
fault, but it kind of is. Not trying to
say FSD is bad, just playing devil's
advocate. Fair. But on so many of these,
you see that they're stopped at a stop
sign or stoplight. The That's If you're
not stopping for stop lightss, I think
you're the unsafe driver. Um, yes.
slamming on the brakes inappropriately,
especially not so much on a Model Y, but
on a cyber cab where another car could
see past you and see that there's no
obstacle would definitely be an issue. I
have a friend named Jared Shaw. Should
have named his son Rick. Mhm. Yep. I'm
waiting for Uber and Whimo to put
drivers into the car as a new thing.
Would you like a friendly chat? I don't
know. That that sounds like a liability
nightmare.
Made it at the end. Trolling half sold
out. Does that make you an optimist or a
pessimist? Means the event's too small.
Uh, good morning. The news means uh
meant that shares I sold at 451 were
reacquired today at 410. Added a couple,
too. Sometimes I wish I was braver, but
I know one day it will fail. I've seen
people do that. I'm like, you know what?
It's going down. We saw was it chicken
genius do that? I'm going to ride this
to 100. When it gets under 100, I'll buy
all my shares back. He got to what? 107
108. Never got back in. Lost a lot of
opportunity.
Uh, does Doughnut Lab still exist? They
sure went quiet. Look, I want unicorns
to be real, too. They're not. They're
not. And if someone says, I have a
unicorn, I go, great. May I see it? No.
No, but I will show you a picture of
just its hoof. Okay, that that could be
a horse. That could be a donkey. That
could be a zebra. That could be all
kinds of things. Okay. Well, here's a
picture of its gums.
Show me the whole here's a picture of
just the tip of a horn, guys. Hot, first
of all, but no, you've got to show me
the whole thing.
I can't believe you wouldn't. Why
wouldn't you want the world to have a
unicorn? You just love horses. so much
that you hate unic guys. Unicorns don't
exist.
Two and a half automakers love it.
Yeah, the big two and a half. I mean, is
Stalantis really the US big three's
third leg?
I too am a coward. I've done the trim
and buyback once. Came out ahead by
grace and luck that it didn't go the
other way. You know, I'm still waiting
for someone to avant the Tesla. What's
that? Does that mean like make a super
premium version? What's Avanti mean? I
thought they had different jets, one for
each color. I don't know what we're
talking about. Like number 42. Hey, get
them likes in. It's not too late.
Painting like a Coke machine dispenses
drink flavors. No clue, but made me
think about it. Hm. Yeah, if you want
the cars to start one color and finish
another color, definitely change the
paint nozzles between each unit sprayed.
We had the cab over design until
Terminator came out.
Sound is good. Thank you, Frederick.
Okay, sound is great and the timing is
about perfect, you guys. We did it.
Don't forget we've got Michigan coming
up. Michigan, whole lot of fun. Uh June
5th and 6th. Yes, in Moskegan. Join us,
won't you? XT takeover 1010. I have some
little things going on between now and
then. I will announce them as best I
can, but I'm not sure exactly which ones
I'm going to. You know, local things.
and uh and there and in July there will
be a 3-day event at Lake Sakajawia in
Long View, Washington where I'll be
helping the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Owners Association give out information
at the booth. Come to Long View. You can
hang out with me for hours if you want
cuz I'll be stuck there. So guys, what
did we miss? What do we misunderstand?
Leave it in them comments below. And
everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps at an event. H