Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       What Ron Baron Just Said About the Tesla SpaceX Merger
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wqSkgLZWjM
Published:   2026-05-19 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-19 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now that we know SpaceX will be going
public next month on June 12th, new
reports are showing this frenzy is just
now starting. SpaceX shareholders just
approved a 5for one stock split ahead of
the IPO, bringing the share price down
from $527 to 105. Betting markets are
now forecasting SpaceX market cap might
even get as high as $2.2 trillion. When
asked, Elon Musk said he will not be
selling any of his shares. Black Rockck
is reported to be preparing to invest5
to10 billion and Ron Baron will be
buying another billion. So what about
Tesla investors? Will you be wanting to
get in in the action or do you believe
that Tesla stock itself will rise as
much as SpaceX especially if the
likelihood is that they will be merging
over the next year anyways? But not so
fast. Ron Baron says he would not bet on
a SpaceX Tesla merger. We'll watch that
interview today. Jeff Lutz is a
multi-deade supply chain executive and
chief quality officer and now he's CEO
of his own high-tech manufacturing
consulting firm. Welcome Jeff. I know
this topic is on the minds of a lot of
Tesla investors, SpaceX investors. So
yeah, let's jump into it.
&gt;&gt; Let's jump into it. I'm very curious
your uh reaction to this and your
thoughts because I actually haven't
asked you that. Haven't had this
conversation with you. Um we'll watch
Ron Baron and he'll explain his thinking
about this. Uh SpaceX of course is about
to go public. What we know so far is
that it's going to be on June 12th and
it's in the NASDAQ and the ticker is
going to be SPCX.
It's going to be one of the most
anticipated IPOs. It's going to be
massive. Um, Anthropic, SpaceX, and
OpenAI are all supposed to go IPO this
year. I'm not sure if OpenAI, but
certainly Anthropic and SpaceX are. And
the estimates are that these three mega
IPOs could hit this year. And if they
do, it's going to raise more than all US
IPOs in 2025 combined. Now, it's he he
they calculated 1.6 trillion combined
valuation. But I don't know, man. I've
heard SpaceX could actually be at 1.75
just by itself. And uh some some people
are saying it's going to be 2.2
trillion. SpaceX shareholders approved a
five for one stock split ahead of the
company's PPO and they just did the
split now to 105. Um, yeah. What's your
anticipation what might happen, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's coming quickly. I think the
S1 is supposed to be released tomorrow
and I think we'll know a lot more. I
think there could be some surprises.
There could be. So, watch out for that
and, you know, let's set aside some time
to analyze it and understand it. This
has been a long time coming. I I think
you know SpaceX is the most valuable
private company out there and it's
combined now with XAI and X and
you can there's rumors out there in
terms of this IPO being overs subscribed
by doubledigit percentages.
That's why this, you know, is it going
to be 175, is it going to be two? And
then there's these um illlquid markets
where they just they basically put the
ticker up and say just trade it. And you
know these some some of these markets
can could have 10 million $100 million
in money trading. And it's there's some
of these markets have it up at 22 and
2.4
the equivalent uh of 2.2 or 2.4 uh
trillion IPO. So this is a culmination.
There's clearly there's liquidity that's
going to be needed here. You have
shareholders and you have an audacious
uh roadmap that this company has. I mean
space-based data centers, the amount of
payload that they want to send to orbit,
the number of starships that need to be
created and of course um interplanetary
life. I mean what other company has a
portfolio uh as rich and as such and
with I know is it 85 90% of the earth's
payload going up today through this
company they have a proven track record
of of execution. So I think you're you
are going to get investors lining up
behind it. I'm not a big fan. I don't
subscribe to this like there's not
enough liquidity in the market or
everybody that owns this one stock is
going to sell these stocks to buy this
stock. I think you could see some of
this happening. I also think you could
see a lot of SpaceX shareholders
diversifying too that they've held these
things for they've held it for so long
they've had a essentially a 10x in the
last year year and a half. So I I also s
could see some liquidity being created
where those shareholders are buying
other things as well. So I think it's
hard to sit back here and I I think what
we're trying to do here is just lay out
the data, the variables and the
thinking. I think it's hard to say I
think this is going to happen. I think
people are going to sell all their Tesla
to buy this. And you've seen some
surveys online of people just like it's
it's a very small percentage if that um
where that may occur. But I think people
should be open-minded to a number of
things happening during that time frame.
But the IPO size, the reason for the
IPO, the amount of capital that's going
to be needed to take on what the roadmap
of this company has. You have super
intelligence and you have um
interplanetary life and you have
space-based data centers. That's
essentially
everything this company, this combined
company is going after. So, it's a big
deal. I think it's going to capture a
huge valuation. I also think, and I was
listening to CNBC this morning,
unfortunately, you're going to see a lot
of FUD
between now and then. And not to say
that you can't criticize the company.
You should read the S1. You should be
critical. You should try to understand
what the bare case is. There's no issue
doing that. But it's just the way that
some of these things are described. They
they literally used
um some other space companies in kind of
the same breath as Tesla. And I think
they should quantify it like you know if
they're doing 0.1% of the mass to earth
the earth's to to orbit then they should
say that because SpaceX is doing 90% of
it or whatever that that number is it's
very it's it's way up there. I don't
think some of these company they were
mentioning Eric Schmidt's investment
they were mentioning of course Bezos um
as mobile they were mentioning
um even open AAI uh can that was looking
at various companies potentially an
acquisition anyway so you're going to
hear a lot of FUD between now and then
the whole the whole premise of this
segment on CNBC is why space-based data
centers may not perk. I think that's
fine. I think you should pressure test
any everything, but they they maybe they
want to include in the same sentence
like everything that SpaceX and Elon has
accomplished in the last couple of years
cuz it's I think everybody said
everything that's been recently
accomplished
uh couldn't work either. And now if you
look where Starlink is and you look at
the payload going to orbit and you look
at the capability of Starship, I think
we're we're just at a different level
than we've been before. Uh Jeeoff, uh
just for transparency, I do not own any
SpaceX shares.
&gt;&gt; Either do I.
&gt;&gt; And you do not either. U and I would ask
you, would you consider buying SpaceX?
But I know I kind of guess what you're
going to say, which is well, we need to
know more. I need to look at the
prospectus, which is going to drop on
Wednesday. Let's take a look at the S1
first when that comes because we don't
know. And two, we actually don't know
what the if there is a Tesla SpaceX
merger and we don't know what the
valuations would be. So people are
getting a little ahead of themselves
uh you know getting all worked up yet.
Let's wait and see what the deal would
be before we decide.
Would you buy? Are you buying?
&gt;&gt; Um I yeah I would consider buying SpaceX
but not at the expense of of Tesla. I I
would I I I I always like I like rank
stacking companies. I like having some
amount of diversification, but actually
not a lot. And I there's a lot of
companies that Tesla is ahead of um that
I own today that I would I would take
liquidity out of there or I would take
it from somewhere else. I'm not selling
Tesla to buy SpaceX. But again, I'm not
buying SpaceX yet until I I see I read
the S1 and I understand it a little bit
better. But I am inclined to uh to be an
owner of the company as long as uh long
as that S1 checks out and I understand
it. Um I understand it in detail.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I'm in the same boat.
Okay. Uh Elon said when the SpaceX does
go IPO, a lot of people are saying, "Oh,
he's going to sell his shares." And he
confirmed, "I'm not selling any of my
shares." This guy was coming up with
this incredible theory that Elon would
be a crazy tax idea for him. and he
could uh when the IPO is triggered, he
can sell some of his shares and then uh
take advantage of some of these uh
opportunity zone rules that take effect
in January 1 and whatever. He said, "I'm
not going to sell my shares." Black
Rockck is investing 5 to10 billion.
That's what they've already announced.
And they did not invest in Tesla's IPO
and they wish they did. And so now
they're they want to do that. And then
even um Ron Baron, he said, "I'm going
to invest another billion dollars as
well." So there the big money is out
there wanting to buy. And um Alexander
Mertz put out a post, a poll asking, and
of course most of her followers are
Tesla investors, if you're planning to
buy SpaceX shares, how will you pay for
it? Sell Tesla, 15%. Sell many,
including Tesla, 6%. So let's say 20%
people said that they'll sell Tesla,
sell many not Tesla, which is what you
said, 10%. And use available cash, vast
majority. Now it's a small group. Only
400 people voted at this point when I
took a crap at this, but it's I mean the
seems like it's pretty clear where the
direction is headed now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I just I go back to what do
you think of SpaceX? Well, if you look
at XAI and you look at the largest
coherent supercluster and the speed at
which that came up and then you look at
SpaceX with the Falcon 9 and with
Starship in the amount of payload going
to orbit and so you have you have the
most amount of payload going to orbit at
I'm assuming the best price and you have
the largest coherent terrestrial data
centers today are made by the same
company SpaceX. And so if you're if
you're thinking you're Black Rockck,
well, who's the best at making big data
centers very quickly? SpaceX, XAI,
SpaceX. Who's the best at getting the
most payload into orbit? Well, SpaceX,
if you think that this is going to be a
big deal, and you think energy is going
to be a huge bottleneck, which it is,
uh, you're these people are going to be
lining up for for miles to get into
this.
&gt;&gt; That's very well articulated, Jeeoff. I'
never not heard somebody say it that
way. I like that. very clear and simple,
right?
&gt;&gt; It is, but the way you said it was uh
very clear and easy to understand, but
also Yeah, I just I just liked it. Uh
we're going to watch a little bit more
of what Ron Baron said. Um because he he
he does actually he said, "Don't bet on
a SpaceX Tesla merger." Let's listen to
how he thinks of it.
&gt;&gt; Company over the next 10 or 15 years is
going to be worth 10 trillion, 20
trillion, 30 trillion. And I could be
very low. Tesla when you read about all
the things that they're doing right now,
now is the time for Tesla. And I think
that Tesla, you know, I think it's gonna
be 2,000 or 2500 over the next 10 years,
one and a half or one and 3/4 or a
little bit more IPO 10, 20, 30 times
that amount. You should try to figure
out for your families how you can get to
own some SpaceX. It will be the largest
company on the planet. One of the
directors said to me, "Ron, if you're
asked that question, because they think,
you know, and you don't know anything,
and I really don't know anything, just
say you don't know." So, I don't know.
I'm not betting on that. They're able to
accomplish a lot the way they are
structured right now. Pluses and
minuses. I think there's good reasons
why you should do it and good reasons
why you shouldn't do it. And whatever he
decides is the best thing to do when
you're worth trillions of dollars
ultimately for him, uh, he's not doing
this to make as much money as he can.
He's doing this because he has some
feeling about the planet. Maybe it makes
it easier to operate, which is true. I'm
sure. Then you get a different valuation
on the company, which is also true. So,
I don't know what he's going to do, but
whatever he does, I'm sure there will be
good rationale for it. And whatever he
does, it's very unlikely that I would
say it's not a good idea. How do I know?
They're getting you into space. And the
things they're doing in space are
different than anything anyone can do on
this planet. It's really nice that uh
the stock is going to be priced higher
when they get public. I'm buying. So at
the IPO price, I've got an order for a
billion dollars. I'm doing it because I
believe deeply that this company is a
major game changer. You know, I was
talking about infrastructure. The
Starlink, they are going to be the
internet for the entire planet. The
internet for the entire planet. Nobody
can do this except for them. So Starlink
alone I think can be worth 14 15
trillion dollars. Starlink alone they
have 10,000 satellites now. They're on
their way to 20,000. They have 9 million
customers last year. They have 15
million this year. They're going to grow
50% a year. They could have 300 million
customers in 10 years. Then they got
enterprise and they got the government
and there's 8 billion people on the
planet. Three billion don't have the
internet. can't compete with a guy who
has all those satellites up there
already and all those customers and
already serving and he's going to be
like a virtual network and and sooner or
later one of these big telos is going to
sell them access to the city. If you
have more than 50% of the people doing
business with you on the internet, you
are the internet. I think
&gt;&gt; wow that's uh he he's that's huge. I've
never heard somebody say that. Starlink
could be worth up to 14 15 trillion
dollars alone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can you believe that?
&gt;&gt; Um potentially if if it becomes the
internet and and it becomes the mobile
phone network, I don't think there's any
question about that. And I think there's
been this convergence happening over a
number of years to enable that. We'll
see. We'll see what what they're
ultimately able to achieve. And in the
background that factory in Beastrop,
Texas that's making
Starlink um antennas
that is a very compelling factory and
approach to manufacturing the the m
literally the the thing you touch when
you pull out of the box that that
composite casing any of the metal that's
coming in as raw material as blocks of
metal and as resin dust uh coming into
the factory and they mold and do
everything in that factory. Everything's
automated and what comes out is the
satellite connectivity right out of that
factory. So I think they've got
something very special on the hardware
side in terms of building it and of
course they have the ability to get
these satellites in space and they have
their software and connectivity for all
this and you see the performance now.
you've seen the performance if you were
a Starlink user a year ago, 3 years ago
to what you see now and you can see what
they're building towards. So, um yeah, I
think it's I think it's possible and it
go it's the same recipe, the same
vertical integration recipe. He's not
buying rockets from he's not buying his
engines from you know JPL or he's
everything is vertically integrated from
an engineering side and a manufacturing
side and the same recipe from Tesla
through SpaceX it transcends and it gets
him the lowest cost structure and and
the most amount of scale and allows them
to garner these valuations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, owning everything m makes a
difference. Uh so wow he I didn't like
the way of course um you know it was
edited and they cut each of the most
important parts that Ron Baron said he
went through rapid fire all sorts of
things. So before we move on uh Starlink
worth up to 14 trillion. You answered
that SpaceX will be worth 10 to 30
trillion or more. He's going to put in a
billion dollars IPO order. And then when
he said that he would not bet on SpaceX
Tesla merger. I think what I heard him
say was more like uh I do not know and
if I do not know I would say no I would
just say I don't know and then he said
but I would not bet on SpaceX as a
merger. So I don't know if he he's
downplaying that part. Uh don't know
what do you what's your thoughts on any
of these
&gt;&gt; points? He's not on the board. He's you
know he's a major investor. Um you know
this whole thing about you know these
wild these numbers sound wild 10
trillion 20 trillion. I remember a
couple years ago when there was a
countdown on fintech TV for the first
trillion dollar company or the first $2
trillion company and now I just look and
Nvidia is almost at 5 1.5 trillion.
Apple's at 4 trillion in change. So
those have depending on when you look at
it from a few years ago they they're
either 2x or 5xed
um or or two to 5x higher than they were
just a few years ago. The size of these
companies now they're selling a lot of
product too. So the sales have to be
there from a SpaceX perspective and the
margins and I believe they they will
remember he's he's engineering
everything from the silicon all the way
up to the the the the delivery and this
time the distribution of product is
actually a space vehicle to get you um
product uh get your product distributed
and that's very special thing because
not everybody has a space vehicle and
has the ability to do that. So that
makes it unique and it makes it it's a
kind of a smaller community which gives
it more value and and higher margins. Um
so I could see those numbers happening.
I could see us having a $10 trillion
company in a couple of years whether
it's SpaceX or another company. Just
look at the growth of what's happening
with Nvidia right in front of us right
now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's true. Good point. Let's
listen to the rest of his interview. The
opportunity is somewhere around trillion
dollars of annual revenues for him.
Maybe making 70 80% profit margin that
could be worth 14 15 trillion alone.
Just startling.
&gt;&gt; His advantage is he innovates faster
than anyone else. So the culture
innovate fast and perform and do things
better than other people. And then when
they look at how much things cost, he
knows how much everything costs. And if
it doesn't, if he's not being charged
the right amount and if they're making
too much of a profit, then he's going to
do it himself. They need terapab. So he
needs to have 50 times the number of
chips, the number of compute that's
available right now. 50 times. So he
goes to TSMC and it goes to Samsung.
They got great businesses. They're why
are they going to take a big risk
building a factory they don't know that
he's got this huge demand for? He can't
get enough chips. So he's going to build
a factory called Terapab. The chips that
we're buying from Nvidia, he'll never
stop buying them, but the chips he buys
from Nvidia, he uses 3% of what Nvidia
provides. 3%. So he says, "Gee, and and
they make an 80% profit margin." So gee,
I can do that. I'm a good manufacturer,
and what I can do is I can I have ideas
and how we can make them faster,
cheaper, simpler, and I can do that. And
when he does that, he's going to build
this facility. is going to make the
chips at a fraction of what's going to
cost to make 50 times as many as the
whole world is producing. So it's
Starlink, it's Starship, it's Compute
AI. Grock is like Anthropic.
&gt;&gt; And so Anthropic just Anthropic invested
in compute and they've done amazing.
They've grown from $9 billion of
annualized revenues to 40 billion in
four or five months. N billion to 45
billion. the opportunity is something
like uh 27 trillion a year and they're
at 45 billion and Grock is the same
thing. Grock what Elon thought is what
we need is compute. That's the limiting
factor compute. So he invested in
compute. The other guys all invested in
software. Now they just announced a
deal. Anthropic is going to use the
compute that we've built in Memphis. We
build it cheaper, faster, and better
than anyone else. Super fast. That's us.
So the idea about betting against
someone, yeah, you never bet against the
guy with superpowers who would never
give up. That's him.
&gt;&gt; Never bet against the guy with
superpowers, never gives up. Boy, those
numbers he's throwing out there are
massive 27 trillion market for AI.
That's the first number I've heard
somebody put a number like that. That's
a crazy number.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he sees things pretty clearly.
You don't have to agree with everything.
I don't agree with everything in terms
of some of the numbers and some of the
magnitudes, but he certainly sees the
whole picture very very clearly and this
is going to come down to execution and
risk. A lot of these big companies will
not take the kind of risk that Elon
takes. Remember that. Uh
and it started all the way from his
taking his PayPal returns and investing
some in SpaceX and some in Tesla just
you know around 100 million or so each
and that was an all or nothing thing and
those companies were on the brink of
complete failure and complete
bankruptcy. What I think what
differentiates Elon in this situation
and his companies is that they take
those kind of enterprisegrade risks many
years later and continuously.
And I think I you won't find
Apple doing that. You won't find Google.
You won't find other companies doing
that. They take risk in certain areas,
but nowhere near the magnitude of what
you see Elon doing. So when you see
these opex numbers that are coming down,
you see what's happening in these 90-day
quarter conference calls, just know that
he's pulling he's pulling the rubber
band back and he's about to snap, you
know, just about to something's going to
come out of the slingshot here. And it
depends on your time horizon. If your
time horizon's a couple of months or 3
months and I'm trading, I'm in and out,
you're going to be frustrated because
it's going to be hard to guess where
this thing bounces and lands. But if
your time horizon's a little bit longer
and you can see some of these things
play out, uh remember they're extremely
difficult tasks. If he if we were
approaching robo taxi like the other
companies do, we'd have a robo taxi
service out there. We'd have a couple
hundred vehicles, maybe a a couple
thousand, and it would probably not be
profitable. But I I think all the people
that are all worried about why why
aren't you there on the day you said you
were going to be there. Um maybe they
would be satisfied, maybe they wouldn't.
I don't know. Uh I don't I wouldn't be
satisfied. I want the company building
the system that has the the best cost
structure and that will stand the test
of time and compete and um and that's
what he's doing. So yeah, these are big
numbers, but again, we thought 1
trillion, 3 trillion, 5 trillion were
big numbers too, a couple of years ago,
and now we have a $5.4 trillion company
and Nvidia in front of us that could,
you know, be seven or eight in in a year
or two. So I I don't think it's going to
be totally unheard of, but but SpaceX
has to put up the numbers, too, to
support this.
&gt;&gt; I don't know about the numbers. they
seem to be too far out. But the the
point being that these are the largest
TAMs, largest markets ever, AI, data
centers, robots. So uh you earlier you
talked about, you know, that SpaceX is
uniquely able to send um things up to
orbit is absolutely dominating the
entire planet in orbital mass as of
2026. Total global mass orbit 969 metric
tons. SpaceX of that was 87% of that.
841 tons of that that went up was almost
all SpaceX. That's almost 90%. Rest of
the world 13%. SpaceX alone has launched
over 86%. No one else is even close or
even all of them combined. And then Elon
says Starship is designed to transport
over a megaton of payload to space per
year. This is the separation. So even if
somebody like Blue Origin does catch up
and they start putting something up
there by that point has doubled or
SpaceX has doubled and so forth, this is
the comparison right here. 876 87%
versus 13%. Huge difference.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This isn't I mean this is this
isn't close. And this is part of what
you're paying for uh in the IPO and and
you're paying you're paying for the fact
that you have a service, you have
willing customers, and you don't have a
lot of competition. Now, they'll again,
like I heard on CNBC this morning,
they'll rattle off a bunch of names of,
"Oh, Eric Schmidt is thinking about a
rocket." Okay, so what? Elon's been
thinking about a rocket company for
&gt;&gt; 25 years plus and he's put the work in
um to get what what is operating today
which will get to a megat ton of payload
per year and these other people have
have nothing. So, in terms of in terms
of accomplishments in this in this
realm, they're very accomplished people
else otherwise, but um anyway, not
everybody can do this and Tesla won't be
the only one by the way, but I just
there's a multi-year advantage here and
it's we're starting to see a very
consistent theme occurring. Whether it's
EV, whether it's autonomy,
you know, you're going to get a lot of
FUD, a lot of confusion, a lot of
reality distortion fields, but at the
end of the day,
profitable, scalable,
and you know, the best product. It's
really the the it's really starting to
show that it's it's in the case of
Tesla, it's a Tesla. In the case of
Tesla Energy, it's the Mega Pack. In in
the case of SpaceX, it's Starship and
Starlink. But you're going to hear a lot
of competitive names. You're going to
hear about people he's thinking of this
because guess what? This IPO is going to
get so many eyeballs. So many people are
going be talking about it. And I can
tell you that Silicon Valley, these tech
titans, they're all hyper competitive.
So somebody's going to want to rattle
off, oh, he's looking at this space
company, this this other one. So I think
the whole space is going to no pun
intended is going to heat up but just
you know there's a there's a track
record of results being driven and
delivered by someone and not others.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Okay. We just spent the first uh
segment here talking about SpaceX being
incredible investigate uh investment.
Black Rock says they're going to put 5
to 10 billion. Ron Barren isn't going to
put another billion. The same with Tesla
by the way. um Woodline Partners,
they've they've been buying more Tesla,
adding 68,000 shares and then Yeah. So,
why don't I ask you, Jeeoff, I mean, so
yeah, what's your thinking about Tesla's
timeline? What's your answer to that
where the shareholders Tesla
shareholders going, I don't want to, you
know, emerge that we're just now about
to get our robo taxi due and we're going
to 10x the company just by robo taxi
alone. I like I said I I want to I would
want to have a data driven conversation.
You can think about it up until that
point. There's no there's no law about
thinking about it. There's no law about
talking about it. but to like like to
throw a gauntlet down that says you must
merge or you we we can't merge until
this or I think those conversations are
premature because the pace of innovation
at these companies is outstripping
the external view of that we have of
them. They're they're moving so quickly.
You really need to assess and understand
like what's going to be in this S1 from
from SpaceX. What about some of these
deals that are being discussed with
Google and other companies potentially?
There's some mega deals that are being
discussed. Anthropic that just occurred.
Anthropic may be one of the top five
biggest companies this time next year,
by the way. Just to just think about how
quickly this whole space
&gt;&gt; with more.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And they'll buy more. And
so and unfortunately we just have these
two I would say on both sides we have
these reality distortion fields. you
have this pro
Elon, pro-Tesla camp,
uh, and you have people that are going
that are just we're sitting down, we're
talking through it objectively.
And then you have this everything's
perfect and nothing's a risk kind of
things being projected. And of course,
that's not the case. And I don't think
there's that many people like that, but
there are. And then you just have this
other side of this where it's just like
none of this is going to work.
Everything's overvalued. and any kind of
merger would be premature.
Um, I want my money for robo taxi kind
of thing like well you know the 350p I
guarantee you is not for selling cars
and mega packs. So the question is and I
don't have the answer to this in terms
of what what does endstate valuation
look like. I guess what it depends on
what Tesla's able to achieve. they have
to execute. And for people to think that
there's no execution risk on the Tesla
side, I think is completely naive. To
think that there's no execution risk,
there's no regulatory risk um on the
Tesla side. Um I think that's a naive
thing. So I think I think what people
should do is they should step back from
if they have if they've already made
their decision. I think everybody should
step back and you should study the S1
from SpaceX and gather as much objective
information as possible and then you
should really step back and understand
where you think Tesla's at on robo taxi
and Optimus.
And I think both of those fields by the
way have unmet demand for many years if
not measured in decades.
So, it's not an it's not a zero sum
thing of like I think this company's
going to get there faster or Tesla's
number two or number three. I think the
the the amount of demand is enormous. I
think you have a really good problem on
your hand. But to try to to try to like
you just say I'm I'm all in do this or I
I think it's too early
&gt;&gt; and we're lacking data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're lacking data. And the
what I've been trying to do for myself
is trying to understand when would we
actually know the actual deal structure
if there is going to be a Tesla SpaceX
merger and it from everything I've all
the people I've asked it sounds like we
won't even know for a year. So SpaceX
goes IPO
&gt;&gt; they would announce according to Larry
Goldberg they would announce they might
announce that there's intention to
merge. the board members of both parties
will say, "Hey, we want to merge." But
they apparently don't need to tell you
the deal structure yet. So, it could be
until 8 months, a year from now before
we actually know the deal structure. So,
by then, lots of time for Tesla to have
robo taxi gain because of robo taxi roll
out, those kind of things. It's not like
it's going to be set in stone tomorrow
that we need to like, oh, Tesla's only a
1.3 trillion and they're a two trillion.
We're going to mer. It's not what it's
going to be. And even according to
Larry, SpaceX and Tesla doesn't know yet
either what the deal's going to be and
they don't know what relative size
they're going to be at that point. I
don't know. So that's what I'm trying to
understand what when is the earliest we
might actually near the actual deal
structure. So I'm not worried about it.
At the end of the day, I'm still in
favor of having my hands into AI and
SpaceX data centers. And so I agree with
you. If I could, I would invest, but I
would not sell my Tesla at this point uh
for that at this point. I I'm still at
that point. The other point I want to
make is a point you've been making uh
several shows you've been talking about
how Tesla's AI is not being given
incredible like people are just kind of
glossing over what Tesla's AI, we all
look at the LLM, OpenAI, Anthropic, look
what they're doing to the world. You got
XAI competing with them and now they
have access to the AI data center. So,
they're clearly a leader in that part of
it. they have to prove themselves. The
Tesla AI itself is a massive incredible
AI that's even better as you've been
saying than the LMS because Tesla's AI
cannot make mistakes. LLMs make mistakes
all the time. So Yantasai, who is one of
the top Tesla AI executives that works
at Tesla, said this, making seamless
real world agents is a lot harder than
digital world agents, especially since
the compute and energy budgets are
extremely frugal compared to an H200. I
have great respect for Tesla AI
engineers pulling rabbits out of the hat
over and over again. It may not be
considered a frontier lab, but it is
truly frontier. It really is. It is
crazy that a car can think for itself
and basically become almost sentient
having reasoning with such small
inference chips uh in a in a car and and
you know all that in ability and not
make mistake. You cannot make a mistake.
Not like an LM every once in a while.
will hallucinate and say something.
Imagine if your car hallucinated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know what I don't know
what the definition of a frontier lab
is, but if I don't know of anybody doing
physical Exactly, Herbert. I don't know
of anybody doing physical real world AI
better than Tesla and at the scale that
Tesla is doing. So I think
I think Yintensai, you know, again, he's
he's being
um magnanimous about this a bit and and
just trying to not, you know, be too
much in the in the foreground because he
is on that team. But the Tesla AI team
is very special. Uh there's a lot of
companies that are building LLMs, a lot
of them all over the world, multiple
countries, dozens all over the place.
There's not a lot that have that are
building what Tesla is building and have
it out there and actually running and
working and at the scale. We have now
1.3 million cars running Tesla FSD.
People are spending money per month for
this. So I I agree with him that this is
these are two different worlds and this
is the world where in the physical real
world AI where your car is being
controlled and there's millions and
billions of decisions they they have to
be right 99.9999%
of the time. But if I ask Claude, hey,
have you know what are your thoughts on
applying the latest tax bill to this
potential purchase and should I
capitalize it or or not? I'm not
necessarily getting that 99.9999%
type answer. I'm I could be getting the
completely wrong answer, by the way, if
I didn't prompt it correctly. And that's
the other thing. Oh, you didn't prompt
it correctly. Well, that that it's not
you don't have that choice in the in the
Tesla vehicle with FSD. It's got to take
in everything in the environment and
prompt itself correctly and make the
right decision. So, I think what is
happening with Tesla real world AI and
physical AI, there is a moat there that
we talked about yesterday. I don't know
if others are going to get to anytime
soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One point I want to make is
Tesla's real world AI you call it the
physical AI which is in the first uh
form is going to be a car driving itself
which is huge robo taxi is a huge
business market that's why they went
with that first the second form is
humanoid robots which is massive as we
talked about but people uh underestimate
that it's anything it's any physical
device with a chip that has a camera can
now be made intelligent
It it I believe very strongly Tesla's
not just going to do a car and a human
or robot and that's it. They're done.
No, no, no, no. They're going to be
rolling out, I don't know, let's let's
call it a Roomba, but it's smart and it
could talk back to you. Uh they'll be
rolling out uh you know, swimming pool
cameras that is smart and and and it can
actually do things, can actually
interact with the world if it needed to.
You know, it just it's endless what this
can be. all sorts of form factors. any
any device that can move.
&gt;&gt; Well, any any piece of machine any any
machine
&gt;&gt; on the farm, any machine building
something and then any machine in a
factory
&gt;&gt; could be given a chip and a camera and
become smart and that's where I mean
what TAM do you put on that? We talk
about billions of robots and 8 billion
people in the world and 10 billion
robots, but what do you put on the
equipment in the factory and how big
that could be? And that's, you know,
Prometheus, that's Jeff Bezos startup.
He's talking about how do you take
existing factories and automate and AI
them essentially and and make them smart
and then change their cost structure as
a result and make them more profitable.
Um, this is a big industry and Tesla's
lead with physical real world AI puts
them in the kind of on the in the perch
to be able to really, I think, execute
on these other opportunities at a
different level.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeeoff. That was good. Great
conversation. I wanted to better
understand SpaceX opportunity, Tesla's
opportunity are who's buying SpaceX
shares, should I buy SpaceX shares, do I
care if they merge? And then like we
said, we don't know the deal terms yet.
So cool your jets guys. Uh find out
more. The S1 drops on Wednesday. First
step, learn that. And then the more we
can understand the potential pathway
here, when would the boards actually
announce a potential merger? And when
they do, are they going to share you the
details of the deal already then or is
it come even later after that? And then
by then, what is the Tesla market cap?
What is the SpaceX market cap? I don't
know. lots to uh figure out still. Thank
you, Jeeoff. This is it big. We need to
have this conversation because it's
important. But the good news,
&gt;&gt; don't assume. Yeah, Herbert too. I mean,
just don't assume these people online
that are like, "Oh, all Tesla bulls
think this way and they want you don't
know what I think. I haven't said that.
I I I mean, I think I think we need data
and I think we need to need need to have
a data driven. I'm not in one I'm not on
one extreme or the other. I don't think
either you are um either, Herbert, but I
think just don't assume on online
because if you do, I am going to I am
going to snap back uh on that. Um but
just don't assume that just because
somebody's bullish on the company or
bullish that they're just they're pro
that they're pro merger or if someone's
bearish on it, they're just necessarily
against it. I the best position to be in
right now is waiting for data and and
not just like killing yourself at night
trying to say well what if this happens
what I mean understand what if scenarios
that's fine but like just I like the
cool your juts comment from you
&gt;&gt; thank you Jeff follow Jeff on his ex
account at the jeff lots thanks
everybody
&gt;&gt; bear down
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor please check it out simply go
to my website at herbalon.com.