Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Challenge Isn’t Technology Anymore
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgZc4_-2Sf0
Published:   2026-06-18 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-18 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's biggest challenge isn't
technology anymore, but instead it's now
politics and misinformation. Because
while new data keeps showing FSD getting
safer, the push back is actually getting
louder. Tesla just submitted FSE
supervised for approval in Taiwan,
officially entering the review process.
That's another major market moving
toward deployment. And Tesla says FSE is
now approved or available in 12
countries and regions worldwide. And to
top that off, the latest Nitsa robo taxi
data continues to look remarkably
strong. The newest reported incident was
a stopped Tesla robo taxi that got
rearended by a truck. According to the
deck, Tesla has now gone roughly four
months without a robo taxi incident
where FSE was at fault. But not so fast.
Just as this safety data improves, we're
seeing increasing resistance. Proposed
legislation in New Jersey could severely
restrict autonomous vehicle deployment
despite evidence that autonomy may
improve safety outcomes. Meanwhile, road
eaters published an article questioning
Tesla's safety claims in Europe. Good
news though, Dutch regulators fought
back, saying that their approval was
based on independent testing, road
trials, and customer ride alongs, not
Tesla's numbers. The story is becoming
clear. FSE safety data keeps improving.
Regulatory approvals keep expanding, but
the fight is increasingly shifting from
technology to narrative. Today, we got
Brian White joining us. He's one of our
only true Tesla journalists. Check out
his YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Good morning, Herbert. Yeah, this is uh
I mean inevitable. Uh when the uh facts
are on your side, you bang on the facts.
When the truth is on your side, you bang
on the truth. And when uh nothing's on
your side, you just bang on the table.
Just bang on table. Okay, I'll have to
think about that one a little bit more.
But uh so first of all, good news here.
Uh looks like there might be another
country this time is Taiwan where FSE
supervised is being submitted for
application and uh the vehicle safety
inspection center has received it and uh
has been officially submitted will
discontinued I don't know oh the onetime
buyout that's always a good sign
whenever they remove that the ability
for you to just buy FSD one time now
just subscription only starting July 1st
it might show us that Tesla Taiwan is
about to launch FSD there anything you
know about this?
&gt;&gt; Well, let's look at the process
generally. Um, Herbert, I've invented
something brand new that's never existed
before, and I need you to approve it for
use. You step back and say, where do I
even start? I don't know where to cut in
on this bit of painting this room, but
it's already in 10 12 countries. You can
look at what they've done and say, what
was their process? Can we replicate
that? And the answer is yes, because
some of them used different process. You
know, the US was the wild west. if you
want to put it out there, I mean, I
guess go for it. And Europe is saying,
"Oh, no, no, we need to, as you said in
the introduction, uh, have our own,
sure, we'll look at your marketing
materials, as they cynically put it, and
still approve it because we did our own
independent testing. There are a bunch
of ways we can approach this that will
all get us to the same conclusion. Yeah,
it's safe. uh as long as it has the the
verbiage needed to remind you that it is
supervised, why would we not approve
this? So, in Taiwan, I'm confident they
will look at it and say, "Yeah." Uh, do
you know what percentage of the chips in
this car were made right here at home? I
trust it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All right. Appreciate that.
Yeah. After the formal submission, it
still needs to go through the technical
committee and road testing. Uh they'll
convene again in 2 to 4 weeks. If it's
deemed feasible, the vehicle safety
center will submit it to Ministry of
Transport for approval. All right. So
the process has started.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So the only way that's a bad thing is if
for some reason the road tests go
poorly. Do you think that that is a
likely outcome?
&gt;&gt; Well, so far it hasn't been. So
&gt;&gt; right in every country where it's been
rolled out, it has worked as as
expected.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we're good. uh just a good
sum on this article talked about the
effic
countries or regions right so US Canada
Mexico Puerto Rico South Korea Australia
New Zealand Netherlands Lithuania
Estonia Denmark and now Belgium in Japan
it's also conducting road tests
metropolitan areas such as Tokyo
Yokohama
&gt;&gt; Tesla Taiwan say cited the Tesla vehicle
safety report this is yeah that's for
them so it looks like it's all going to
be approved soon all right so that's
great another additional
area. And then I did report yesterday,
I'm sure you did as well, Nitsa came out
and said this is the latest data for
Tesla robo taxi in Austin. Guess what?
One incident in last month, but was not
Tesla at fault. So what happened was
there was a stopped robo taxi. It was
going to turn take a turn left and it
was stopped, but a truck hit it, rear
ended it. Not at fault. Uh so the
previous report already listed two other
incidents in March in which the robo
taxi was also stationary and rear ended.
This means that since February that's
four months now robo taxi was not at
fault. Zero incidents where robo taxi
was at fault. Zero incidents for four
months now. Um thank you for Jenma for
putting this together. And then Sawyer
said, "It's pretty ironic that the only
crashes involving Tesla's robo taxi
fleet in recent months have been humans
in other vehicles rear ending them." And
that is Elon said indeed. So the data is
looking really good for safety. I just
wanted to set the stage that that's the
case before we get to the attack.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Well, the cynical take on that is
and I have seen this from the people who
hate everything all the time
professionally. Well, they're not even
doing any rides, so how can you have any
crashes if you don't have any rides? To
which I say, but they are doing rides.
Like the people I follow who go to
Texas, uh go to Austin specifically to
take the rides are still getting rides.
So, I don't know how you how you square
that circle there. But like just last
week, Josh West uh after he was in
Moskegan with us was headed down to
Austin for the Cyber Rodeo hosted by the
uh Tesla owners of Austin. and he of
course immediately hopped in a in a in a
robo taxi, rolled around town, took
pictures, all that. So I don't know if
the number of miles is lower, but if the
number of miles is lower, that just
means the accident rate is lower. It
doesn't make the accident rate zero, and
they have to be out there in order for
one of them to get rearended. So,
&gt;&gt; all right. So, that's good uh news so
far. And then uh but here's a pretty
scary or pretty alarming development
here. New Jersey is looking to block
autonomous vehicles. And then uh Tesla
sent out this email to New Jersey Tesla
owners. Wants them to take action. So if
you are in New Jersey, please take
action.
um proposed legislation moving through
Trenton right now would impose
restrictions so severe that true
driverless deployment would remain
illegal. Your voice is critical to
ensure New Jersey remains at the
forefront of transportation invasion. We
urge you to contact your state
legislators today. Tell them to fix this
this legislation.
Support autonomous vehicle policy. Uh
autonomous vehicles are no longer a
futuristic concept. The driverless
technology exists and is already making
roads measurably safer in states that
have welcomed it. Instead of positioning
itself as a leader in transportation
innovation, New Jersey is about to go in
the opposite direction. So, it's
significant enough that Tesla actually
put out a request for Tesla owners in
New Jersey to to act. Uh, why do you
think this is happening? Is it a taxi
lobby?
I can't make heads or tails of it. I
can't, you know, the cynical side of me
says, "Oh, it's a protection rack. It'd
be a shame if something uh bad happened
to your robo taxi there." But uh that of
course, I don't know how relevant that
is in the modern world. Uh but it's
clearly somebody scratching someone's
back because it doesn't make any sense.
uh you want to prohibit something that
you haven't even looked into that you
don't that you know the claims are that
it's much safer, much cheaper, much
better uh doesn't road rage, doesn't uh
get intoxicated or distracted and you
want to ban that without even examining
it. Come on, that's that's ridiculous.
So, uh I don't have a a quality take on
it, but I don't think quality is even
possible in this scenario. I I'm very
very disappointed when I see things like
this. We are now at the point where
people who are delaying the autonomous
vehicle kind of being tested at least or
being rolled out have blood on their
hands
&gt;&gt; and you are the one that is now killing
people. It's like it's like you've
they've discovered a treatment for
cancer and you say nope not going to
roll it out. I mean if it's already been
proven like you've you know like u I
think you saw the article that was
written by two doctors and they
basically said if we had seen this data
that Whimo has shared we would stop the
study we would immediately offer this to
everybody because it's so overwhelmingly
obvious that is now so much safer than
humans. You are now killing people and
so then they as doctors you would you
know would stop the clinical trial and
move forward already.
&gt;&gt; Right. Um the the so the safer roads
delayed last year. 578 people were
killed in traffic accidents in New
Jersey. Just New Jersey alone. This is
unacceptable. More than 94% of serious
crashes are attributable to factors
caused by human error, impairment,
distraction, fatigue. Yeah. So you just
talked about that. So there you go. Uh
we already know. Okay. So So that is New
Jersey. So, if you are, please know
somebody who lives in New Jersey, you've
got to take action. So, I we will I'll
put that link to engage.tesla.com
on the article and that's where you go
and take a look, okay, in our
description. The next thing is, you
know, European approval of FSD as we've
been following that going along. Well,
Reuters wrote an article again, just
these frigin people can't believe
they're doing this. Uh, Reuters today
said Tesla use misleading US safety math
when talking to European regulators.
Reuters says Tesla counts only serious
crashes for its own cars. Then compares
that to all US crashes, including small
ones. It also says Tesla's 32,000 lives
saved number. Assumes every truck and
motorcycle in America gets replaced by
new Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not the Tesla, but astronomy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. FSD.
&gt;&gt; At some point in the future, this is the
technology. Seat belts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Airbags. Uh, and that 32,000
figure right there is the comical crux
of the silly Reuters article. Yes, we
are comparing the deaths of uh non-FSD
users to FSD users. It's not my fault
that only Teslas have this today. Uh,
what else? How else would I compare it?
And Reuters is being, you know, uh, what
they're doing is in journalism writing a
defensible article. They will not be
sued for this because they didn't lie.
They just didn't paint the complete
picture. They left out key details that
make it relevant. And when they're
saying, like you said again in the
intro, the Dutch regulators did not rely
exclusively on Tesla's marketing
material, they said, "Great, I hear you.
Now, we're going to go do our own
independent study." They didn't ask
Tesla to perform a study. They asked
Tesla to perform uh to provide what data
they had, and they did. Tesla's not able
to gather the kinds of data that Reuters
is asking for. the other manufacturers
don't provide it. If the other
manufacturers wish to provide it, great.
If you want a genuine applesto apples
comparison, you need to mandate that
other manufacturers provide that data.
They don't in many cases they can't.
They don't have the machine. They don't
have the the connection to the internet
that would provide that and they
certainly don't have the interest in
doing so. So, you're angry, Reuters,
that uh Tesla did the best they could
with the information available, and
you're not angry at the people who don't
provide information. You're mad at the
wrong people. And I don't know if it's a
later slide, but then I posted this on X
yesterday. Reuters said, "Uh, can you
believe it? You guys look now Senate's
opening an inquiry based on our
article." That's terrible. You're
standing next to the building you just
burnt down saying, "Wow, arson, you
guys. Look at what I did." That's That's
worse. You shouldn't be bragging about
making the roads less safe. Or so the so
your point is that RDW Dutch when they
approve this, they didn't rely on
Tesla's data. They did their own that's
why it took so long. The Dutch
regulators says they responded. We'll
walk through that, but they basically
did not rely on Tesla's numbers. They
ran their own 18-month review. 18
months, 1.6 million km of road tests,
4,500 track tests, 13,000 customer ride
alongs, post approval, Tesla recorded
zero highway collisions across 23.6
million kilometers of FSE driving
Netherlands.
So this is their article presented
misleading false self-driving. Jeez. Um,
and then the Dutch transportation
defended Tesla's FSE approval, came back
out there. said, "No, that's not the
case." He added that Tesla's used FSD
have driven 24 million miles on Dutch
roads without any noteworthy incidents.
By the way, this is FSE supervised,
&gt;&gt; right? This is supervised. This isn't,
oh, it's how dangerous it is. We This
is, you know, it's like an advanced
ADAS. It's like saying, oh, I'm driving
my car, but oh, don't put that emergency
braking there. That's bad news. It's
like, no, it's like you're driving and
then if something happens in front of
you, you want to stop really quickly,
but now you've got
&gt;&gt; technology that can help swerve, that
can help stop quicker than you can
react. That's what this is.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. For the last 30 years, we've
been putting safety layers between the
human operator and the potential
collision. Uh, emergency braking is a
new one, but what about anti-lock
brakes? That started ages ago when it
first came out. I knew a number of
drivers who swore I can stop quicker
than the ABS. And in the early versions,
maybe that was true, but today it's
definitely not true. Should we get rid
of anti-lock brakes? Of course not. No
one's arguing that. Forward collision
warning. Sometimes it's a little
oversensitive. Maybe your uh the
manufacturer of your car doesn't have it
quite dialed in. Uh but this is just one
more layer of safety. And this is a big
big layer. Uh, if you're using FSD
supervised, you already know what it's
capable of. And I can't name more than
maybe three or four people I've met out
of the, you know, I go to these events.
Hundreds and hundreds who say, "Yeah, I
tried FST. It's not for me." The only
people I talk to who do that are the
ones who say, "I just love to drive,
baby."
And even even then sometimes they get on
the highway and they're like well this
is boring.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's people that that's fine
but it's like we're you know for this
article to come out and then just so the
good news the Dutch vehicle authority
responded the RDW carefully assessed and
tested this driver assistance systems
driver assistance system that's what
you're fighting against
&gt;&gt; before approval was granted. As part of
this process we analyzed and evaluated
data from vehicles that had been driven
in Europe. We also collected and
assessed our own data and continued to
monitor performance of this system on
the road. Okay. That over a period of
more than 3,000 hours, testing took
place both on test tracks and public
roads, blah blah blah, wide conditions
and all that.
Uh
yeah, so they responded safety is the
priority. Okay, there you go.
This is an example of something that
happened to This this guy model Y driver
started experiencing a medical emergency
with chest plane mid drive called his
son. His son re remotely routed the car
to the hospital. So because you can use
the app and say hey go here's a new
direct here's new um uh directions go to
the hospital instead. And that's what
happened. So this is uh
I wake up. It's 3:30 in the morning. I I
look at my phone and and my dad's
calling and I was like, "Something must
be up." So, I answer the phone and he
says, "Jack, I'm in trouble."
Thursday and Friday, I was having
heartburn. It was really bad. And I've
had it before. I would drink some water,
maybe some apple cider vinegar. It would
be fine. So, I knew it was something a
little bit different here. But once it
started to hit pain scale, I'm probably
at like an eight or a nine out of 10
now. And I'm like, "Okay, I'm in
trouble." My first question that I asked
him when he called me was, "Are you on
FSD?"
&gt;&gt; And then then the pain kind of went to
the next level. Kind of like an 11 out
of 10.
&gt;&gt; We kind of just jumped into planning
mode. I pick up my phone, open the Tesla
app, and I search the hospital and I
press it, boom, navigate, and
immediately the car was able to just
reroute and turn them around. I was
sitting there processing. It got off and
it took to left it and got me back going
to Atlantic. knew what the capability
was and it was going to do it. I just
knew it.
&gt;&gt; Having a system that is able to drive so
well and safely and get there in in in a
timely manner was so crucial because in
talking with the medical team, this was
a second mattered situation that if he
had gotten there minutes uh later, this
could have been a totally different
story.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I had
&gt;&gt; a heart attack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To explain how that feature works,
if you've got uh I was my friend said,
"Hey, will you take my uh Tesla up to
the supercharger for me? I got to deal
with deal with something." So, yeah,
absolutely. I jumped in his car, drove
to the supercharger, plugged it in, and
then realized I'm in valet mode. I don't
know his address. I can't get back to
where I'm going. So, I'm going to just
kind of eyeball it and try and get back
there. And he pulls up his phone. Sorry,
his phone. I don't know who says it that
way. His phone. And uh and while I'm
driving, he just Oh, he can see. Oh, I
made a wrong turn. He puts in his
address and the car just reroutes uh
thanks to his phone.
Okay.
I'm learning new things every day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I am, too. About you. All right,
Dad. Uh, so what where are you expecting
FSD and where it's going to go next? Um,
what's your forecast for where it's
going to go in Europe, other countries?
Is this going to be a is this a major
concern? What's going on with New
Jersey? I think we also even heard
Boston at one point. I think they they
did a city council did ban. You know,
this is it. It's a battle, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It is a battle. So, let's start Europe.
It's going to just kind of keep
spreading. We may see EUwide approval,
but in the meantime, we're seeing
country bycountry approval uh with no
sign of it slowing down and no serious
opposition. Nothing's really pushing
back on it. In Asia, yeah, it it there's
a lot of countries that defer to the
regulatory guidance of other countries.
It's so much cheaper. I don't want to
set up my whole crash testing and if
it's approved in Europe or it's approved
in Australia, it's approved here. So as
we see it uh go wider in Europe, as we
see it go wider, I mean it's already out
in Australia and New Zealand, additional
countries will just sign up. It'll just
happen. U and in terms of the areas, the
regions where it's being prohibited,
those are not seeing a lot of success.
So I think um while we may encounter
pockets of resistance like New Jersey,
like Boston, uh I don't see it being an
effective delay strategy for very long.
And it's such a small percentage of the
overall drivers that it isn't
necessarily material to Tesla or the
mission or human safety generally. I
just uh if I lived in a place where my
legislators were actively campaigning to
make my life more dangerous, I would uh
probably vote differently is is what I
would do. So, I don't see meaningful
roadblocks coming of this. And the
reality is, and you and I have said this
forever, if it works, it works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we are at the point where
this is uh pretty clear who's going to
be on the wrong side of history.
And uh you know technology can keeps
improving and we're already here with
the data to prove it. You've got these
people that are articles, you got the
city, you got the state coming in trying
to prevent something from happening. Um
but it's not it's not going to end up
stopping it because like you we just
kind of set the stage here. FSE is being
approved everywhere, many many
countries. And so okay, fine. You'll
have a bunch of cities and countries
saying no, but vast majority will say
yes. What do you think is going to
happen eventually? They'll flip. There's
no doubt about it. Just a delay tactic.
And let's talk about the revenue real
quick. This is a a revenue rising tide
as it were, a tsunami of revenue because
uh especially the cars that uh in
markets that don't have the ability to
subscribe right now. New Zeal was it New
Zealand you said is saying get it while
you can end of the month to purchase or
it goes to subscription only. That is a
big sign of confidence and there
&gt;&gt; you know if you if you want it get it if
you don't I understand uh but it's not
it's not going to be something you can
purchase forever in any market. Uh so
once you've got a million cars doing a
hundred bucks a month, five million uh
ultimately what is it? 10 million is the
is the target for Elon's next
compensation plan. Uh because that poor
fella needs his Mars money. Uh so we got
to and if all of those targets are met,
the world becomes a little safer. So
let's uh if we're going to get mad,
let's get mad about a safer world. I
don't know.
&gt;&gt; You know, is this pissing me off even
some more? just by thinking about
Reuters article. I mean they're they're
complaining that Tesla presented
misleading FSD. So they're basically
saying you lied to the regulators
instead of saying here's the data.
Here's my data. Okay. Reuters should
have done their own data saying no no
Tesla FSE is dangerous and they lie to
you. If you show data then we can have a
debate. But this is just simply saying
no they lied to you. Okay. Where's your
data? Well, I don't have to produce
data, it's much easier to identify
something than it is to actually do
something. And they know that the data
that they're asking for does not exist.
Uh so, and if they were to say that uh
Teslas are unsafe, that would be a lie.
They would get sued for that. But if
they say that this data doesn't paint a
complete picture, that is true. And you
can say that in stronger terms, as
Reuters did. A lot of the biggest uh
negatives that I see against Tesla are
from very smart journalists, people who
know where the line is and do not cross
it. If you were to come out and say uh
for example that the cars are going to
kill you, uh then you've got a much
bigger problem and the pe the very very
few people who have done that uh have
not been victorious against Tesla
because that is um dangerous
misinformation. I I did want to address
because I after I posted about the
Reuters article, I had a number of
people saying, "Well, this is just
politicization by Reuters." Reuters is
not political. They are famously down
the middle. Their objective is to get
eyeballs. Reuters used to be a newswire.
Their job was to sell the highest
quality product so that everybody would
want it. And then they put up a payw
wall, which means that now their
objective is to make money. So they will
say the most sensational things. They've
turned very tabloid since the addition
of the payw wall. These were the guys
who said with certainty that Tesla was
going to have a factory in Mexico City
by the airport and fly cars out by
plane. They knew that was BS. That
doesn't even make sense, but they had
one or two sources who confirmed it. So,
as hey, if these guys are real, if these
sources exist, we can publish absolute
lunacy because we know it's going to
sell.
&gt;&gt; And that's not political. just uh
&gt;&gt; it's not political. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's just stupid.
&gt;&gt; Irresponsible, stupid. But
&gt;&gt; opportunistic term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In terms of um New Jersey though,
this is political.
&gt;&gt; It feels political to me.
&gt;&gt; Specifically bans Tesla from the New
Jersey market.
&gt;&gt; And um that is that is you know that is
where the fight is. So,
&gt;&gt; so you so I can use Blue Cruise, I can
use Super Cruise, I can use ProPilot,
all of which are
maybe a tenth as capable, probably less.
Those are all fine, but FSD, no, we
can't have that. Come on.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Brian. Appreciate it.
Follow Brian on his channel, Futurazza.
That's where you get deeper dives. This
guy's brilliant. Love him. Thanks,
everybody. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.