Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       FSD Signal or Noise?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GecObTjqcmk
Published:   2026-01-15 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 07:05 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is going off the rails.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's get back on the rim.
&gt;&gt; All right, here we are, guys. Big
breaking news. I guess I wouldn't call
it breaking news, but let's call it uh
news about Tesla possibly doing a pivot
and how they're selling full
self-driving. So, just a few hours ago,
Elon posted this. He said Tesla will
stop selling FSD after February 14th.
That's a month from now. FSD will only
be available as a monthly subscription
thereafter. Lots to unpack here to
figure out what this all means. Uh
Joshua said, you know, if you were
paying 999 a month, it takes 80 months
to pay back that purchase. If you or
sorry, if you paid off that purchase
Yeah. Uh $8,000, it would have taken you
at 99 a month, 80 months. The average
length of time America's keeping you car
is 8.4 years. Uh you know, does it
really matter if you bought it or didn't
buy it? Uh but
&gt;&gt; you have to assume that FSD is going to
be 80 or $99 a month for eight years,
which uh I think is delusional.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Omar found this, which is uh
do you guys remember that California had
this little bit of a a thing where
they're lawsuit against Tesla because
they claimed that Tesla should not have
called it full self-driving. Well, it
says here that the DMVs can appeal.
Tesla can appeal it or seek a court
review by February 14th. That could be
why. And uh Omar said, well, that's why
they might have done it. They could
appeal on that grounds that they're no
longer selling the package at that
point. I think it's way beyond just
that. I think it this was planned all
along and there's a lot of reasons. So,
let's uh let's unpack that. What are you
What are you guys thinking?
&gt;&gt; I want to hear Nick's thoughts first. Go
for it.
Why Why do I go first? I never go first.
I go last.
Um
I I don't know if there's more, you
know, to it. I before Omar posted that,
I would have thought that there's more
to it. Um but once he posted that, it's
like the dates were just too much of a
coincidence, I think. So the I'm just
trying to be cautiously optimistic. Uh
my thoughts before Omar posted that
though was this is huge signal that this
is them. I mean Elon has said for a long
time we will stop selling this once we
are ready to go full FSD unsupervised
FSD robo taxi he has told us that over
and over again. So when I saw that post
I think that was last night that I saw
her this morning whenever he posted it.
Um to me it was big signal big signal
that while we don't see all of the robo
taxi out there we don't see all the new
cities all the expansions that like Hans
said it's it's big indication that we
are getting ready to do a huge push to
really launch this bigger than what the
what I call the MVP minimal viable
product that we've had as of late and
now we're going to go into full general
availability
And as we do that, as normally is with
the MVP product where you get kind of
better pricing, early type adoption
benefits, uh, now that's ending. Now
it's GA time. Now it's subscribe or you
don't get to use it. And I think this is
pretty bullish if that is the case.
However, in the last hour, I think Omar
posted that and it it's just hard to
ignore that the dates are so exact. So,
I don't know. I'm hoping that my I I
wish I wouldn't have seen that so I
could just sit here and be just really
optimistic like, "Okay, here we go."
But, uh, the truth is he posted that and
now I know it. And so, now I'm a little
more grounded, I guess. So, those are
kind of my working thoughts. I'm as
always open to change my mind. So,
please guys, put me back on the hype
train.
Well, I think one possible way to get
back on the hype train is to think, hey,
this is something that they were
planning to do and maybe they shifted
the rollout date a little bit just in
order to
&gt;&gt; I'm back on
&gt;&gt; match up.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean we we can't know being
outside of Tesla. One of the things that
I'll say is that, you know, quite some
time ago, I came up with a model for,
you know, an intermediate FSD as a
service business model that Tesla could
pursue just kind of as an option. Um
there was supposed to be like a base
case that hey if we're not ready to roll
out you know robo taxis in the late
2020s we can still make a ton of money
on just FSD unsupervised on customer
cars and not even at the point that
we're operating a robo taxi as a service
business model. And so in that whole
exercise, the assumption that I made was
that we were absolutely going to stop
selling just these permanent uncapped
upside licenses for people and that it
would go to subscription only or pay as
you go, one of the two. So we'd
completely change the the pricing model
for it and then that there would be
differing options for different types of
consumers. So you know there would be
pay as you go like pricing per mile um
and that would probably be the highest
price per mile if you're actually using
it in any significant amount of
quantity. And then there would be, hey,
like if you want FSD supervised and you
don't want to be able to text while you
drive, well, that's okay. You can still
subscribe to that. Um, but you're still
going to have to sit in front of the
driver's seat. You're still going to be
liable, all those things. And, you know,
that'll be $99 a month or $79 a month or
$150 a month. Who knows? Like, whatever
they feel like is the right setting for
that long term. And it could it could
start out lower and then move higher
over time. It could start out higher so
they can push people towards
unsupervised. It's really all going to
depend on whatever Tesla's in-house um
dashboards are saying metric-wise and
where they want to push the business and
how the software is progressing at that
point in time. Um, and so I think this
is huge signal that this is the
direction. Like even if Omar is right, I
don't see Elon two months from now going
back and saying, "Okay, we're, you know,
putting it back on sale for $8,000 a
month." Like I think this is a permanent
shift in the way that FSD and autonomy
is sold to the public. And um it really
you know this is a fundamental change in
the business model of Tesla like we
talked about that moving forward Tesla's
going to make the vast majority of its
revenue and especially its gross profits
from selling transportation as a service
instead of selling miles. And that is a
huge fundamental transformation. It
necessarily goes with a rerating of the
business. um from a stock valuation
perspective and you know that can be
either positively or negatively like if
the whole value of Tesla is based on its
ability to deliver on robo taxi services
and then it's failing to deliver on robo
taxi services in accordance with the
expectations of the market then that can
be extreme volatility to the downside or
on the flip side if you're no longer in
auto business and you're not um tied
whatsoever
to that extremely low margin business
model, then
there is a lot of justification for
significant upside. Especially when you
think about the fact that, you know,
transportation is something that has
elasticity of demand. If you can lower
the price, you greatly increase the
number of miles that people want to
travel. And so you can even with a
smaller overall market share, you can
still have huge upside for growth. Um,
and so all of those things I think are
things that Tesla investors really need
to be thinking about at this point in
time. And yeah, like I don't think very
many people who've been paying attention
are surprised to this. Like Nick said,
this is exactly what Elon said we would
do when we get to basically this level
of maturity of the software. Um, and so
yeah, like the Tesla bulls understand
this. We know this. This is what we've
been anticipating. And now we get to
finally live in this endg game that we
have been hoping for for, you know, a
quite a number of years at this point.
And uh, it's really exciting that today
is the day that we're, you know, finally
getting that end date of the last $8,000
FSD sales.
Wow, that was a lot. Thank you for that.
That was great. I um yeah, so let's
let's break this down. Number one, I
think that that California lawsuit
against Tesla because of the term full
self-driving, it's absolutely weak. That
was not going to win in any way at all.
So, I don't think that, oh, they moved
up the subscription, so they stopped
selling it so they can address that.
It's a nice little thing, but it it
really wasn't something that I think
that Tesla was very concerned about.
They've got disclaimers all over the
place. It really was more of a political
move of, you know, trying to just little
needle pokes at Tesla. This idea that
Tesla is now moving, as Elon just said,
and, you know, to catch up folks earlier
today, he said Tesla will stop selling
FSE after for February 14th. It's only
going to be available as a monthly
subscription thereafter. There was a lot
of signs, a lot of signs. Let's count
the ways, all the ways that they've been
showing us that they're moving to a
subscription model, right? Uh they've
they've started to do the um you know
allin the rental program first of all
testing out how to do a monthly a sort
of weekly daily subscription all in
bundled in. They did they did a package
right for some sort of a premium package
for the premium cars where you can just
pay for it uh all in bundled as well.
They started to sell you windshield
insurance, tire insurance all as a
monthly price. Everything's coming
together. insurance. Uh we've been
reporting just in last week that it was
stuck at 12 states for three and a half
years and all of a sudden last month
three new states were added. Florida
&gt;&gt; and and same thing with rental by the
way. The same thing with rental. We
thought that they launched it. I don't
remember how many. I think eight cities
they said they were going to do it in
and in the last week all of a sudden you
know this city, this city and this city
uh were added to that. This is where
we're going. I think February is more
likely the reason why they're doing it
now instead of January is because
that's when I think FSD the version 14.3
would have been launched by then and
Elon's been hinting and Ashra Kaself
saying that this next version of FSD is
basically the the final version or the
version that will prove you know get get
most
&gt;&gt; first final
&gt;&gt; the the one that's finally going to get
people to realize it's you know
&gt;&gt; the first beta.
&gt;&gt; I don't know even know what words to
call it, but
&gt;&gt; it's the the end of the beginning.
&gt;&gt; I like that. The end of the beginning.
So, it's kind of lined up, right? Cuz he
said it's somewhere in January, February
that that next version is going to come
out. And so, at that point, it's going
to be a in magnitude better than what
14.2.3
is. And that is already so good, then
why sell it direct? We're going to
switch everything to subscription. Now,
we don't know what the monthly price is.
So, let's debate that. Like, what's the
structure here, guys? Is it going to
stay 99 bucks? He didn't say that. He
just said as a monthly subscription
thereafter. He didn't say $99, right?
I think at the beginning it, you know,
might stay the same at that $99 a month,
but give it any significant amount of
time and we'll start to see multiple
options available here that will split
out. Like I said, functionality and
pricing per mile. Um, it's just a matter
of time. Like that's that's where this
ends in a mature market. I I would also
say, you know, I've I've long said that
I think if they do FSD supervis
unsupervised for the lay person, which I
will still say I don't think that's
coming soon. I think their priority is
robo taxis, but if if or when they do
that, I'll say when they do that, I
imagine it will probably be in states
that have Tesla insurance to Hans's
point. That way they can say, "Hey, FSD
now is $150 a month. Your insurance is
only $100 a month. That's $250 a month
you pay us, and it's still cheaper for
you, right, than just your normal
insurance alone. But your insurance will
go up when you're not using FSD, right?
Like I I think there's lots of creative
ways they can do that. And I think the
fact that they're continuing their
progress with insurance, finally
launching in Florida, Tennessee, I don't
know if the other state was, but this
shows that this is, I think, a path that
they're going to go towards because it
only makes sense,
&gt;&gt; right? It's they're going to be the most
profitable insurance company in the
world if they can have the safest
software in the world for driving and
still be able to get good premiums
because their risk is going to be so
low.
Look, I'm going to make a huge
prediction. And again, you guys have
already heard this before, so I don't
think anybody's going to be shocked.
Tesla will stop selling cars to
consumers, but they will do lease.
Everything will become a lease
&gt;&gt; and it'll be a very low monthly lease.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; Low monthly lease that is bundled.
&gt;&gt; You got you got insurance. You got FSE.
That's why they have to switch FSE to a
monthly fee, a structure, monthly tiered
subscription model. You got FSD, you got
insurance, you got insurance for the
car. Maybe it'll include cleaning,
whatever. But there's a lease. Why
leasing? Because if you have low monthly
leasing price, you get Tesla as a
company gets somebody paying you money
for this new car. After 3 years, 36
months is done. They take it and they
put it into the robo taxi network
because Tesla owns the car. They make 30
bucks $30,000 per year afterwards. If
you're making $30,000 a year in the
fourth year, why even charge that amount
of huge amount?
&gt;&gt; You just lease as crazy. Low the low uh
make the monthly price so low that
everybody will buy it and then you just
get a a bunch of cars coming into the
network paid for.
&gt;&gt; Why lease then? Why even lease?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, maybe not. Why
&gt;&gt; why would you lease at that point? So
when I
&gt;&gt; I think one of the big uh reasons here
actually to answer that question will be
one of the big factors in the you know
is there going to be a compact car with
a steering wheel and pedals question. It
will be especially important in markets
that have not yet opened up from a
regulation standpoint that you can go
ahead and have a lot of vehicles that
are sold in a specific market um that
you're basically pre-placing for when
you actually get to roll out robo taxi
in that jurisdiction.
&gt;&gt; That's fair. But what Herbert's talking
about is
at maturity. So my question is at
maturity, why would you even lease? Like
as an individual, what would be my
benefit to lease? And let me just frontr
run what I think the answer is for a lot
of people. Well, what if I want to keep
something in my car? All right. So,
you're telling me you're going to have a
reoccurring monthly bill that's a lot
higher just so you can have a closet?
Like, that's insane. That makes no
sense. Car seats. Let's call it the
boomer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Car seat. What do you mean? Sorry.
I I don't understand what
&gt;&gt; because someone like Farzod would be
like
&gt;&gt; someone like Farzod would be like, "Hey,
I want to keep my basketball, my
football." And or who am I kidding? He
want He wants to keep his microphone and
his uh
&gt;&gt; his wand in the back.
&gt;&gt; I hope he's watching.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm trying to make fun of
him. His guitar. He'd have his guitar
back there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with the theory that at
some point Tesla will do a monthly
price. I would pay monthly a monthly
price and I can decide what car I want
in my garage. I want a Model 3 in my car
this whole week, but this weekend, oh,
you know, I'm I got a wedding to go to.
I want the Roadster. And then next
weekend I've got to move house. I want
the lease. And then the next weekend I
want to my family's coming over. I want
the Model Y. So I It's a It's a lease,
isn't it? It's the same thing. It's a
monthly payment that I don't own the
car, but I'm
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that sounds more like a
membership. Yeah. Like a subscription to
to Transportation as a service. Like if
you're changing the car, then to me
that's not a lease anymore. um like the
lease, you own the same car, you know,
for the entire time that you're doing
the lease. So, yeah, if you do have the
option to say like,
&gt;&gt; you know, over this 36 months, you have
this car except you then have the option
for like three months out of the 36 to
upgrade to other vehicles. I don't know
that maybe you still call that a lease.
That's a very interesting business
model. Um and something that I'd be
interested in.
&gt;&gt; It's it's a software model. Okay. So,
the way software and tech sales works
would be you have spot pricing which
would be what Uber is right now right
Uber spot pricing so that should be your
most expensive paying per mile but then
if you want to have a one-year
commitments you're telling Tesla hey
I'll commit to you for one year you get
a better discount on a per for the per
mile basis if you say I commit to three
years you get even better if you do five
years you get even better and normally
people do their upgrades or updates
every 3 years at most in the software
world. But in the software world, even
then it's gotten down where people
really don't like to do more than one
year commitments uh because it's just
not worth it. Maybe for software it'll
be worth it. Like if you have your octa
subscription or crowd strike, but if
you're working with like a HPE or Dell
and you're throwing VMware on top of
that, that's where it makes more sense
to do three to five years, right?
because there's a hardware component on
there that's long-term licensing like
with VMware that is just like you're
it's essentially hardware in a sense
they virtualize the hardware but it's
like you're you're not changing that
right octa there might be things you
want to change crowd strike you might
want to leave crowd strike to another
security vendor but so I think it'll
it'll fold into that type of consumption
but as an individual I would want to
switch out constantly I don't constantly
want to switch out my I my um my my uh
authentic authenticator. I don't always
want to go, oh, I want octa. Oh, now I
want Google off. No, now I want to go
back to ad. You know, you're not doing
that. But with a vehicle, you might, to
your point, say, I want Roadster. Oh,
now I want Model 3. Ah, I need a Model
X. I got family coming in.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I got to move this fork uh this
pallet. I need a Cybert truck. So,
that's where I think the lease paradigm
doesn't
&gt;&gt; doesn't exist. Okay. So, I I agree with
you in the monthly. So there's the
there's a rental program that Tesla is
expanding. Then there is the robo taxi
program. Look at this. Uh a Tesla is
hiring the senior software engineer for
robo taxi platform. And guess what? Look
at this. The job description suggests
the robo taxi service may offer a
subscription model.
&gt;&gt; So I mean it does sound very similar to
Uber does that, right? So you come in
&gt;&gt; robo taxi growth. That's what they're
meant for. So when you when you want to
rent the robo taxi, you pay per mile,
but at some point like you're saying,
you would pay a monthly subscription and
you get a certain amount of miles or
rides you can have that that and at some
point,
right, you could even take it a further
and said, you know what, I want the car
available to me at all times. I want in
my garage. So if you want that, you can,
but you just pay a monthly pay payment
for it.
&gt;&gt; But everything's bundled. everything
bundled in it.
&gt;&gt; Just just look to how cloud works. It's
the same thing because cloud you can
have um instances that you get as
they're available, but if you want
guaranteed available for a certain
instance, then you pay for that
guarantee and it's going to be more
expensive, right? It it's going to be
the exact same model. I guarantee it.
Everything has fallen to this model.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah.
Even even things like Netflix have
fallen into this model, you know, just
literally everything. And it makes sense
because you're trying to do the most you
can to entice the people that aren't
using your software yet. And then you
want to entice the people who have to
have less churn. And so you you know, it
it makes sense. It just does.
&gt;&gt; It's just a pricing model for every
different type of consumer is all that
it is. Like so you have something for
everyone.
So, right now it's it's it's not a shock
so far because you've got Tesla selling
cars, making a margin on the car, five
to seven grand per car sale. Then
they're trying to upsell you on an FSD,
monthly subscription. And the places
where they offer insurance, you can buy
that separately. You can buy windshield
insurance, you can buy a premium
package. These are all just separated
things. And then they're playing around
with these bundling of a one monthly
price for a bunch of things. When they
do this, when does the Tesla stock
realize that this is the case? It's
reminiscent of what happened with Apple.
They used to sell you hardware. You buy
a phone and they make money. Then they
said, "We're going to start moving more
to a subscription model and you pay them
monthly to to get the the cellular
package. Everything is pack." And then
they said they started to sell you the
the phone on a right. They have these
packages where you can just pay monthly
and then swap it out every several
years. services included, all these
things. And then they started selling
you huge monthly packages. I pay Apple
some ridiculous amount of money. I can't
even remember what it is. 60 bucks a
month maybe for you know terabytes of
storage. Apple one everything.
Uh but it took test Apple stock three
years for people to even believe that
this was going to happen that they were
going to move to subscription. And once
they do, the stock jumps because
investors love subscription. It's almost
all margin. You got a g locked in
customer base. When when might that
happen for Tesla?
&gt;&gt; I think they have to
s like show data on their ability to
convert customers into
subscriptions. like if the take rate
just stays at what it it's at right now,
I don't think that it moves the the
stock at all. And so, you're going to
have to see some inflection in some of
those types of metrics before Wall
Street's willing to. But I actually I
wouldn't be surprised if we see the
stock respond pretty quickly to those
types of things. Um I think you know
based on the PE that we're trading at in
Tesla today that
tech forward AI forward investors you
know they're not in full control in the
market but I think they have significant
influence and I think that their opinion
is reflected into the stock fairly
quickly these days.
So, I kind of agree. Um, but I think the
bigger adoption is going to come just as
people see robo taxis out there. Um,
it's just going to be it's the lowest
it's the lowest friction that will
Here's why Chad GBT moment can't happen.
I know we've talked about that a lot,
Herbert,
&gt;&gt; but Chad GBT moment can't happen as of
today. Because with Chad Gabbt, there's
no friction to using Chad GBT. Everyone
has a phone, everyone has a laptop,
everyone has internet. So it was free to
try it. So the barrier to entry was
essentially nothing. But with FSD right
now, the barrier to entry is buying a
30,000 plus vehicle and then paying a
subscription or $8,000 for it. Right.
That's extremely expensive. That's
really hard barrier to entry. But with
Robo Taxi now, the barrier to entry, a
couple bucks,
&gt;&gt; an Uber ride.
&gt;&gt; An Uber ride. Exactly. if not less. And
so that will be the unlock. So then
people be like, "Oh my god, I tell I
can't drive my next car. I'm going to
need to go buy a Tesla. Of course, I'm
going to get the subscription. Why
wouldn't I? It's like Uber, but now I
don't have to pay Uber. I just have my
own Uber." And I think that's what will
be the unlock for FSD. But it I think
it's going to work backwards, not not
the way we always thought it would.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with that. And I think
it'll be really interesting to see what
the FSD take rate numbers show as cyber
cabs start to become ubiquitous. Like I
think there are lots of people who are
just normie Tesla drivers who have no
idea like people who even drive brand
new hardware for cars that just have
literally no idea what the car can do
and would be happy to pay $99 a month if
they even had the first clue. And once
you start seeing these Tesla cyber cabs
around, it'll be like this big flashing
sign like, "Hey, dummy, your car can do
this, too. Maybe you should try it."
&gt;&gt; What do you think, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; What What do I think about what
&gt;&gt; about your question?
&gt;&gt; When does the stock uh actually reflect
the
&gt;&gt; it took improvements in years in the
business? really really long time. Uh
investors are dumb. I don't know. I just
don't know. They don't get it. They
don't see it ahead until until it's
right in front of their face until like
you said uh cash is flowing in on a sub
subscription model significantly more
than just the cash coming in from the
car sales.
&gt;&gt; Herbert's Tesla stock enthusiasm is my
inverse Kramer indicator.
When Herbert is excited this gonna go
&gt;&gt; to the moon this year, I'm like, I don't
know about that in 2022, 2023. And then
now he's like, h
investors are dumb. I'm like other side
of that.
&gt;&gt; Buy leap
tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; but let me add some nuance to what you
just said, Herbert. Uh, one, non-Tesla
investors are dumb.
Uh, and then two, uh, I don't think, or
my opinion is that I don't think we need
to see things show up on the P&amp;L sheet
for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I just think that we need to get
exposure out there. Same with Chat GBT.
Chat GBT didn't need to show P&amp;L,
&gt;&gt; right? They didn't.
&gt;&gt; What? Why you saying, dude, you disagree
with me?
&gt;&gt; Stock's been flat for four years.
&gt;&gt; What are you talking about? Why? Because
earnings flat for four years.
stock has not been flat for four years.
&gt;&gt; Well, I guess that's changed though. The
last six months, I guess so. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If if you were to say that in May, I
would say you were correct. But you
can't say that now. In the last four
years, it's up 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
Just depends on where you pick your time
and your date.
&gt;&gt; But
I
you know what? I like this. Be
pessimistic. Great. Hans, this is
excellent.
Everyone, you know what to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I guess I I I'm not here to
predict the stock, but Okay, I was just
thinking this. Okay, following me
through here. I'm trying to think
&gt;&gt; Let me at least give you some uh some
flowers in that I you know, I don't
think that FSD is a needle mover on the
stock in like it's a tiny fraction
compared to Cyber Cab and what what is
Cyber Cab doing? Yeah. So yeah, like and
it we won't be able to tell when it's
all said and done. Oh, how much of this,
you know, 100, 200, 300% stock move was
due to people finally subscribing to FSD
in their cars versus
all those, you know, millions of golden
cyber cabs running around everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's where I was heading
towards. If you Okay, just just break it
down from Elon's perspective, right? And
the goal. Tesla has a huge advantage
over everyone else in the except for
maybe a handful of others where they're
a car manufacturer and they're
developing their autonomous and they
have a robo taxi network.
That's a combination of that. So in
Elon's mind, what he's trying to do is
lower the monthly cost of access to
autonomous transportation.
Period. So, how do you make that
transition from selling cars now that
I've got this, you know, robo taxi ready
kind of technology? How do I make that
transition? Low monthly cost and have
all sorts of kind of variations of that
to bring them in. But because they have
this car seller that they're car
manufacturer, they can take advantage of
that and have other people pay them that
cost of building that car, the Model
Y's, Model 3s, and then, you know,
slowly put it into the network when it's
available. They make money. That changes
the whole game all of a sudden. That's
the advantage that they have. But I I
you know or going back to your original
question, Nick, like why don't they just
not sell to customers at all and just
put everything into robo taxi which is
where I was at for the longest time. And
everybody I asked that they go that's
ridiculous because they have to shoulder
the $40,000.
If you can have somebody pay you a
lease, three years worth of that,
they've paid you for the, you know, the
cost of the car manufacturing and then
you just put that into your robo taxi
for free. But if you're making 30 grand
a year, does it like
&gt;&gt; I don't know. You know what I mean? It
doesn't make sense.
&gt;&gt; You're not making 30 grand a year
though. That's the thing. You're making
&gt;&gt; What do you mean?
&gt;&gt; Once you put a car into the network,
you're the the calculations could be 30
grand a year. Oh, I thought you were
talking about them selling the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; I thought you were saying them selling
the car makes them 30 grand a year.
&gt;&gt; So, there has to be a smooth transition
of your manufacturing capacity. I think
this is one of the things that gets lost
in this conversation all the time. Like,
you can't just stop selling
&gt;&gt; Model Y's, Model 3s, Model S, and Model
X overnight without now having to book
huge costs. even if you send all of the
manufacturing labor home for all of the
infrastructure that you have invested
into all of these lines. And so you've
got to have some sort of phase out plan
where you're doing that. And I don't
think they're going to want to
try to absorb the full manufacturing
capacity of the sexy lineup and cyber
truck into the cyber or the robo taxi
network immediately. And so that's where
I think you're, you know, your leasing
model makes a lot of sense there or
continuing to sell to customers either
way. You know, whatever they feel like
works the best on that. Um, but yeah,
that's part of the nuance in this
conversation that I'm sure someone like
Jeff Letess will tell you in a
heartbeat, but a lot of other
commentators are going to completely
miss.
What happened to the neck?
&gt;&gt; I'm here
to get up for a second.
&gt;&gt; Combing the hair.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How do you How do you like the
short hair, dude? How do you like it?
&gt;&gt; Uh I you know, it's it's nice. The
showering is so fast.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if you guys ever had Do
they call that a mullet? Is that
&gt;&gt; No, it's just called long hair. Do you
tell your wife she has a mullet? I'm
Well, I'm assum she has long hair.
&gt;&gt; I don't even know what a mullet is,
guys.
&gt;&gt; Mullet? It's Well, come over here. I'll
show you. sure what a mullet is. I'll
give you a mullet. How about that?
&gt;&gt; I don't want to come over there. I don't
need to come over anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Hey, don't say that. Sometimes you want
to come somewhere. Um,
yeah, I I do I agree with saying, but I
I think these conversations we tend to
talk about them and we avoid that
transition part, which is probably the
longest part of it. Like right now,
we're in that transition point with
going to autonomy, right? And everyone
thinks like, "Oh, boom. We're going to
flip a button." Part of that is Elon's
rhetoric, to be honest. Uh, but it's
it's not it's not going to happen like
that. No transition, no technology ever
happens like that. It's just a a ser
it's compound interest. I I say this all
the time. It's a series of steps that we
slowly get there and eventually you look
around, you're like, "Oh my god,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it works. Oh my gosh, we have robo taxes
here." Right? It it's not like one
moment. It's it's a series of little
steps that eventually all compound to
getting to where you want to get to.
There's never been anything where it's
like boom, there we're done. Like this
one push of a button. It's just not the
way it ever works. It's the same kind of
reason why I think a lot of times if
you've ever had like a really big goal
or something you really are aiming for
and you whether you're studying, you're
working hard towards this goal that by
the time you get there, you've thought
about what it's going to be like to
reach that success, what it would feel
like and all that that you get there and
it's kind of like,
&gt;&gt; yeah, all right, it's I'm you're happy,
but it's not it doesn't have that
feeling you thought it would because you
kind of used all that good feeling to
push you along the entire way. You kind
of, you know, pulled forward, you know,
a lot of that good feeling. And as you
got closer and closer, that excitement,
all that, it's so when it eventually
happen, it's like, oh yeah, like it's
good. It's happy. We right, we we
succeeded, but it's not like this huge
euphoric wave of emotion that you
thought that you're sitting there in
tears like, oh my god, we did it. So,
I don't know. That's at least that's
Nick's
thoughts and opinions. What's the
chances then in in that in that uh
flavor of what you're talking about
there
&gt;&gt; that we're at 14.2.3 that we're going to
get to 14.3 by next month. What do you
think? Is that
&gt;&gt; 14.3?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the chances are two.
&gt;&gt; What do you mean by two?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm trying to make good
jokes here. Brian's not here. I'm trying
to You said what are the chances? Two.
&gt;&gt; Two out of 10. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. It was just two. Yeah.
It's supposed to be obscure. It's like
what's the answer? 42. 42. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. It's the same same thing.
&gt;&gt; That's why I asked Hans, not you. Hans
answer.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I thought it was cuz he was pretty,
but whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's definitely not.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I I mean,
&gt;&gt; I would say low chances that we get 14.3
at that point in time.
&gt;&gt; Don't you get what he's doing? He's
trying to piss you off, make you
pessimistic so the stock goes up. That's
all he's doing.
&gt;&gt; Inverse. Okay. What? What do you
meanverse?
&gt;&gt; Inverse psychology for the inverse
Kramer of Tesla stock
&gt;&gt; byver is a month from now. So
&gt;&gt; it's low that he will get to 14.3 by
then.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What's your what's
&gt;&gt; I would say less less than 50%. Yeah.
just, you know, I think that
&gt;&gt; 14.3 has some big upgrades in it. And I
think actually getting that to the point
that it's customer ready is a very
difficult lift. Even if they think that
they are going to have it out before
then, right now today, I wouldn't be
surprised if there's something that pops
up between now and then that delays it.
And but I I mean, I still think it's
going to be relatively soon. Um, I just
don't know that 30 days, especially
it's hard to know how to interpret when
it seems like we got really rapid
updates from the point that 14.2 rolled
out to now being on 14.2.2.3
or whatever the heck it's on. Um,
and
&gt;&gt; I swear they're trolling us now just to
get us to say that 14.2.2.2.2.2.2.3
2.3.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be Yeah. 14.2.4.2.4.2.4.2
until it's unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's funny.
But yeah, that's
we we haven't gotten anything from like
the only way that I would have high
confidence that that's happening is if
ASHock was like 14.3 by end of January,
then I'd be like, "Okay, I'll I'll take
that to the bank. Otherwise, I'm going
to say 20, 30, 40% chance."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, he's been pretty quiet lately,
huh?
&gt;&gt; I know. Why hasn't he done what he did
before? Right. By the end of this month,
we're going to accomplish these things.
He hasn't made him.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it's because
&gt;&gt; maybe it's because we're so close that
he's like, "There's no point and I don't
What am I going to say? That's it. We're
done. It's live." Or is he going to be
like, "We're right there. There's no
point of saying anything. Let's just
finish."
I mean, I do think the fact that he
personally presented this year or this
past year, all of the updates of what
Tesla has been building behind the
scenes to basically have endtoend FSD
training was huge signal like I think
that is hey we are in the endgame of
solving this. Um, so you know, that's
kind of a different level of thing than
when he came out on X and said, "Hey,
we're going to accomplish all these
things by the end of October in 2024."
But, um, that is really big for the head
of Tesla's
AI division to go and personally present
all of that work that the team has done
over the last couple years when they had
gone radio silent.
So Hans, I got a I got a question for
you. Okay. So does
one my theory of why they've slowed down
robot taxi roll out uh to you know to
have no monitor to have bigger uh
geographies to go to multiple cities is
because you're so close for 14.3.
My question though is would they first
roll out 14.3 to all of us first so that
you truly have real testing of that or
would you go ahead and roll it out in
the robo taxi and then roll it out to us
after they feel comfortable?
I definitely think you roll that out in
the robo taxi fleet first under the
supervision of your like if you've got
safety drivers that you have to be using
anyways, you might as well use them
&gt;&gt; to do some advanced testing on your
software. Um, and you can have them do
extra logging and all kinds of stuff
that you can't have your FSD fleet do.
You can do shadow mode testing at the
same time. Um, and then you can kind of
roll out to the regular FSD fleet
shortly thereafter.
&gt;&gt; I think Hans is correct. Um, and I'll
I'll add a different reason why I think
Hans is correct. Uh, I don't remember
which earnings call, maybe two or three
earnings calls ago, Ashock mentioned
that they're starting to make FSD model
versions that are somewhat localized in
a certain area. I think that's why we
see a lot of these validation Teslas out
there scanned areas. And so because of
that, if you give everyone 14.3, it's
not really going to be enough signal for
them to see what they're trying to
figure out in the given cities and
regions that they're actually testing
because I think those have their own
data sets that are influencing those
models.
&gt;&gt; So I think H is right because of that
alone. Now, they haven't given us much
update on that since they mentioned that
once, and I haven't heard anyone ask
questions about it, but it's hard for me
to forget about that. Um, so, but that
would tell me that they would want to
make sure that they're doing it in the
given areas and giving it to rest of us
just is not going to help them in the
small little idiosyncrasies that are
robo taxi specific that we're not going
to help give them signal for.
Does that make sense?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it. I do I do think that
makes sense. Do you guys think then that
that you agree with me that that's the
likely reason why they've not yet rolled
it out to multiple cities to bigger
geographies? They'll pull the monitor
&gt;&gt; 14.3 to be launched.
&gt;&gt; I'll give another potential I'll give
another potential reason.
the more you roll out, the more Whimo
type incidences that are possible that
could happen, right? Like Whimo's just
on a railroad, whatever. As we get
closer and closer to Congress or Nitsa
making these changes, you don't exactly
want Tesla to be on the headlines. Oh,
this happened. How about we let that
pass, get that done, then we scale out
because we don't want to slow down the
regulation.
&gt;&gt; That's a fantastic point.
&gt;&gt; Yes. got one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with that. And I think,
you know, the other thing for people to
just keep in the back of their minds is
that when Elon says, "Hey, you know, we
want whatever half half the population
of the US covered by, you know, service
area that Tesla will do by the end of
December, however you want to interpret
his statement." when he's saying
something like that, he does think
there's a possibility that that's
actually achievable. And I think he has
different thresholds for the audacity of
those goals in different scenarios. I
think that one happened to be a pretty
audacious goal. A lot of times though,
he's especially when with his longer
term predictions, he's thinking, you
know, if as long as we don't have a
whole bunch of things that are all
terrible, all happen at the same time,
this is like a 50% likelihood. Um, and
so yeah, like that's when I'm thinking
of where we're at right now with the FSD
roll out and with the robo taxi roll
out. I think that, you know, he made
some predictions about what has to go
right and what has to go wrong and
there's like 50% of the scenarios could
force it to go longer. 50% of the
scenarios it could potentially go faster
and we just happen to live in the
version of reality where the things that
you know he thought may not happen did
and we end up on the slower side of the
the prediction instead of the faster
because I mean there are things that he
predicts that happen far sooner than he
expects too. So yeah that's just uh you
know the probabilistic way that he sets
deadlines and goals.
Yeah, something must have happened why
we didn't even get close to that. I like
uh Nick's suggestion because what
happened this week, right? This is what
happened this week. We had the US
uh committee, House committee met. Look
at what they were saying. Very cool
stuff. A lot of really good stuff and
one not so good vehicles. Why is a
federal AV framework essential for the
US to win the AI race with China?
Thank you very much congressman for your
question. I will be brief. It provides
the certainty to innovators,
manufacturers and the entire ecosystem
including those who invest in the
technology so they can continue to
flourish and be integrated safely into
our ecosystem.
&gt;&gt; Uh thank you. I yel back.
&gt;&gt; That's great. So recognition of China is
really important.
&gt;&gt; Autonomous vehicles are the center of
technology competition with China and
have the potential to save lives and
reduce traffic fatalities. Can you
discuss how the self-drive act will help
achieve these critical objectives?
&gt;&gt; Certainly. The self-drive act would
provide one federal framework for
automated vehicle companies to need to
achieve before introducing automated
vehicles onto the roadway. And I see
this playing out very differently from
how it plays out in China. If China has
one superpower in this world, it's the
ability to just direct where industry
should go and they go. No debate, no
discussions, clear path forward. In the
US, we have a much better system. And
the way I've seen this play out over the
last decade is, for example, the Energy
and Commerce Committee spoke
definitively about a decade ago passing
the self-drive act and the House of
Representatives did the same. Key areas
were included in there and the example I
would use are these safety assessment
letters. Now, the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration and DOT
under the Trump administration
incorporated that and then started
promoting the voluntary safety self-
assessments. Similar to the safety
assessment letters, 12 key areas that
manufacturers and innovators needed to
hit as they tested and developed
automated vehicles throughout the
process. We saw that continue further in
states like California and Pennsylvania,
Arizona, Texas, Florida as they
considered different ways to do this.
And so, as I look at the self-drive act
today, I don't see preeemption. I see
agreement. I see the nation coming
together on a clear path forward,
endorsing the safety case approach to
proving the safety of an automated
vehicle before it's introduced into the
national roadways and introduced into
commerce.
We've done our job. We
&gt;&gt; Great. I'm going to pause it there and
stop it. Basically, very much in
agreement. Uh this looks like that
they're all going to do this for China
and all that, but listen to this
conversation here about the caps of
purely autonomous vehicles. If you
create a car without steering wheels and
pedals and and side mirrors, how many
&gt;&gt; predictable? And to your point, the the
caps on the number of vehicles and the
length of those exemptions make it
almost an unusable program for the
industry right now. And we think it's a
critical one for new innovative safety
technologies and the number of vehicles
and the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, almost like she's suggesting we
should remove the caps actually. So,
pretty good. Uh the only part that could
possibly I think could be negative is
that there was a part in this hearing
where they were saying that multi-ensor
approach is important to have lidar
radar as well. So there could be some
sort of legislation says all cars must
have lar and radar and then that would
leave Tesla in a lurch. That's the only
one we need to keep keep a watch of.
&gt;&gt; Well, we know what uh whatever remaining
Luminar
um lobbyists are going to be
&gt;&gt; Luminar is gone. Yeah. and talking to
Well, that doesn't mean their lobbyists
are gone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the best lobbyist in the world right
now is Elon when he's having dinner with
Trump. So,
&gt;&gt; so the so this hearing is happening now.
And so maybe like you guys said, Tesla
said, you know what, let's postpone our
roll out. We don't want to have an issue
because let this occur. Maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I don't think just with real
quick with that. I don't think
I don't think uh the government
they've been really good about not
mandating how you achieve a certain
technology.
They just want to see that you have
certain outcomes. So, can you prove the
safety worthiness of it? Can you show
and demonstrate this? And if you can,
normally that's all that matters.
Doesn't matter how you got there as long
as you do that. Because otherwise
everything they're saying about China is
wrong. Like if your whole point is that
we need to be able to compete against
China, but then you're going to sit
there and burden us to use outdated
technology.
&gt;&gt; How are we competing against China?
&gt;&gt; Even China doesn't do that. China
doesn't tell them how to do it. They
just say do it.
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. In fact, they just approve
broadly 50 cities by the way they can do
this. Um I actually did a comparison so
people are like comparing they're going
oh my god don't you know we ride by do
they all have
&gt;&gt; Yes you got Whimo at about 2500 vehicles
you have bu at 2500 vehicles you have we
ride at a thousand vehicles you have
zuks at 200 so yes we're ahead but it's
not massive numbers now Tesla's still
behind right we're at I don't know what
the latest numbers are 60 100 what are
But, you know,
we'll see. We'll need to get past
&gt;&gt; I got a question.
&gt;&gt; Oh, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Ask the question. I'm interested.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. I I heard Farszod on a stream.
I don't know, a couple days ago. He said
that California has something like 130
um human supervised autonomous robo
taxis and that I guess Austin now has
like 20 to 30. Do are those do we know
like are those numbers accurate or is he
just shooting from the hip?
&gt;&gt; I would using Omar's
&gt;&gt; the robot tracks. No, no, the robo track
the robo tracker. I just been reporting
on how many that they've been adding.
They they're tracking they're tracking
license plates.
&gt;&gt; Those are okay. Pretty accurate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but it's not like we know that
they're out at the same time
&gt;&gt; that those ratios make sense to.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But we don't know like how many
are out at the same time though.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Whatever.
&gt;&gt; So, the thing that I was going to say
earlier is, you know, the the Chinese
autonomous vehicle that I want to ride
in is that cool little uh Minecraft
style micro bus that just bounces down
all the bumpy roads and goes through the
concrete and justum
the unstoppable uh AV. There's so many
of these viral videos where these uh
Chinese uh self-driving vehicles and
they're just like going wherever they
want to go. They just keep going
through. It's a problem. Okay. How many
cyber truck cyber cabs do you think are
being tested right now on public roads
in the United States?
&gt;&gt; 15.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. No.
&gt;&gt; Prove it.
&gt;&gt; I'm thinking 30.
&gt;&gt; Prove it. Prove me wrong.
&gt;&gt; Well, I can't prove you wrong.
&gt;&gt; Well, then don't say no.
&gt;&gt; We're at 10. There's 10.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. That's 10 that they know of.
&gt;&gt; Well, then where did you come up with
your number? You're just guessing. Okay.
Well, I guess
&gt;&gt; because I'm guessing there's at least
five that people don't know about.
&gt;&gt; Fair. Okay. I see where your mind I see
the way mind uh Nick's mind works there.
Okay. Take a number and don't believe it
and then uh add your own smudge. But
okay, these are
&gt;&gt; like imagine if we had only seen nine.
The real number would be 10,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's an engineering safety factor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay, agreed. So there
&gt;&gt; anytime you see anything load capacity,
it's actually more than what you see
there. It always is.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, you can also say some of
these were spotted and they were the
same ones. We don't know if they were
different, but they're they're being
tested in Buffalo and Chicago, too, by
the way. So, they're being tested in the
cold uh weather as well. You're right.
You're right. Maybe a hub wasn't
reported, but that is a good sign, guys.
We have 10 cyber cabs at least.
&gt;&gt; Um, real quick, uh, I'm not going to hop
off, uh, the way Brian used to, but, uh,
just if you don't mind, Herbert, just a
quick little plug. If anybody wants to
talk stock with Tesla and options, I'm
holding, me and Greg are holding the
spaces on Monday at I think I set it for
1:00 p.m. Eastern. So, if you guys want
to go in just uh talk up options stock,
uh we're going to be doing that. And
then the cuto off date to our January
options crash course is on Wednesday,
January 21st. I'll let you guys know
there's only like three spots left. So,
uh we're going to do another one in
February. But again, just join for that
space. It's just good times. It's MLK
day. Markets closed. Just figure it's
good time to hop on, talk stock and
options and whatever other degenerate
thing we get.
&gt;&gt; How How do they find you? They go to
your ex account at Nick's Nick Gibbs Aag
or how do they just
&gt;&gt; go and look for your space at that time
Monday?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Just just go to my X handle.
Right. You can see it right right here.
Right. Yeah. Right. Oh, this is low.
Right. Right. On X.
&gt;&gt; I don't know where you're
&gt;&gt; I just always assume this is on X. It's
on YouTube.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. On X.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right.
&gt;&gt; If you guys want to join, feel free to
join. Xander, if you're listening, feel
free to join. Only if you promise not to
wear those so same jeans. People are
complaining that your leg you're showing
too much leg.
&gt;&gt; Too much leg.
&gt;&gt; Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Okay. Jesus.
&gt;&gt; This is what it looks like when people
work in their jeans. They get rips of
them.
&gt;&gt; Or it's wild Thornberry style. You get
in a new pack and immediately cut holes
in the knees.
&gt;&gt; I think he purposely cut it, man. That's
the kind of guy he is. He gets his brand
new jeans and he goes, "I'm going to cut
it right here to make it look cool. No,
these are uh these are Bonobo jeans.
They don't sell ripped jeans, so that's
how you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. So, we covered a lot. There we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh other topics. I mean, yeah. Go ahead.
Oh, you know, I was just going to say
like so, you know, I find it kind of
interesting right now that
we have all this update, all these
sightings of uh robo taxis insurance
expanding. I mean, if I didn't know
better, it definitely seems like we are
getting ready for
some type of bigger something. I don't
know if it's like more vehicles out
there or new cities announcing or or
what or if it's all just preparation for
when the regulations passes, but it does
seem like the tensions are building for
Tesla and I would even say for the
market as a whole. Uh, you know, we've
had Venezuela, we've got everything
that's going with Iran, we got all the
Greenland drama. Uh there's all kinds of
reasons to kind of poo poo on this
market right now, but it's holding up
really good. And you know, I would say
like normally the start of the year is
and when I say start, I mean like the
first quarter there tends to be like
some real crazy volatility event or some
kind of hiccups. Um and if the stuff
that we've seen so far hasn't done it, I
mean, who knows? Maybe this weekend
something happens with Iran that'll be
it. But the fact that we're kind of
going through all of this and holding up
really good as a market, it it it tells
me that
the more institutional, the the bigger
powers out there, the people with bigger
portfolios, bigger money to put to work,
it seems like they're eating as
opportunity presents itself and they're
the ones that are actually holding this
market up. So, I don't know. I think
it's pretty interesting. And we see
inflation numbers are coming out pretty
good. And we see GDP is gang buster
right now. It's crazy. I mean, uh, and
don't take my word for it. Even the
all-in guys are talking about it. You
can go watch the Atlanta Fed, uh, what
they what they're predicting. Uh, so I
don't know. Like it to me with all that
and then zoom back into Tesla, it just
seems like there's a good potential that
we have a nice little break here. So
hopefully that doesn't get Herbert too
excited and then the inverse happens.
&gt;&gt; Don't get me excited.
&gt;&gt; Just want to share where my head is at
this week.
&gt;&gt; Well, I would agree with all of that and
then add in, you know, we had the huge
Trump bump at the end of 2024 and then
we had the great fallout and the huge
Trump unbump for Tesla. But now we've,
you know, like over the last couple of
months, we got Jared Isaacman actually
confirmed as NASA administrator. You've
got Pete Hegsth delivering that like
monumental
speech about the focus of the Department
of War moving forward. like yeah
&gt;&gt; the the impact of what all that they're
trying to do right now in the department
of war and how that transforms the US
military which is the you know largest
and most powerful fighting force in the
whole world is huge for him to deliver
that announcement from Starbase
is huge. Um, and then also having this
national framework for regulation for
FSD, like it seems to me,
&gt;&gt; yes,
&gt;&gt; like all of the uh people in positions
of making decisions within the
administration have realigned in a
positive orientation towards Elon and
all things Elon, Tesla included, SpaceX,
you know, everything. Um,
you know, I'll just say one more brief
aside.
Yes, SpaceX is an Elon company and so
it's it's kind of important that Pete
Hegth is there because of what that
looks like for Tesla and Elon for us as
Tesla investors. But it's not an
understatement to say that SpaceX is
potentially the single most valuable US
military asset bar none. like there's
&gt;&gt; undeniable
&gt;&gt; only one high ground and Starship will
be
&gt;&gt; a dominating
platform for the ultimate high ground of
space and so you know that there's a
reason that Pete Hegth is there why that
is such a national treasure for US
national security um but anyways
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah yeah I mean like six months
ago well six months ago we were all very
concerned that regulatory approval
needed to happen not only for autonomy,
federal framework for autonomy, but for
robots and for AI and uh where we're
sitting today is looking really good,
right? I was banging the desk uh so
strongly like why hasn't China came out
two years ago and they came out very
strongly saying we're going to fully
support robotics. we're gonna have the
largest the most robotic industry in the
world and they you know humanoid robots
is a thing and there's like hundreds of
companies formed they support it here's
us not seeing a single thing now they've
dealt with AI the government is saying
we're going to be focused on robotics
here in the US as well
&gt;&gt; and then you see autonomy and that's why
this hearing was important you actually
heard lawmakers
you know look don't you remember just a
year ago like the dumbest things that
they say like they have no frigin idea
what's actually going on in the world.
At least they're going
&gt;&gt; at least here they're saying, "Hey,
autonomy is important. It's safe. It's
safer." That was the bulk of the the
hearing and uh important that we compete
with the world stage, including China.
All that was the right thing for them to
say. Autonomous transportation is
something that they're not going to just
let go because there was a doubt six
months ago. there was a doubt whether or
not the US would say no we don't want to
put our efforts onto this space because
guess what you know whatever unions or
oil and gas lobby or whatever it was
&gt;&gt; that and then robotics too right you
heard uh President Trump say that he's
going to fully support robotics in the
US so
&gt;&gt; that's that's a sea change
&gt;&gt; that was
you know I've been pretty bullish on him
in general um as a president I think
he's made a lot of really good moves.
Uh, again, I'm kind of like everyone. I
don't always love all the rhetoric, but
I sometimes I do, sometimes I do think
it's funny, but I think he's made a lot
of good moves.
That was not one that I would have even
thought he would have done, which is
lean into the robotics.
That was
that was really exciting for me.
&gt;&gt; Maybe Elon had his ear finally. like you
know cuz uh I hope so the reason they
had a the reason they had a falling out
was Elon the the he wouldn't listen to
him on tariffs he wouldn't listen to him
he you know the the little taff tariffs
they got rid of Jared Isaac
&gt;&gt; like we all know Elon is right but he
was just late
&gt;&gt; so he finally got everybody to see what
he saw all along just took him a while
but just just seeing that our government
is leaning into robotics
wow that like that honestly gives me
some hope and seeing them like lean into
I mean I don't know I it's like
sometimes I get so down on government in
general like I I I think government
tends to be a waste of money period but
sometimes you see these like glow like
okay well I mean it's only like you know
5 years later but like they're starting
to get it and they're actually talking
about it it's like okay great it just I
don't know gives you a little hope that
it's not all completely screwed up
&gt;&gt; or maybe what happened with this US
house rep because it just went through
there they still got to go where where
else has to go. But uh you know you saw
that video where she said the caps on
these the number of autonomous vehicles
and the length of those exceptions make
it almost an unusable program for the
industry right now.
&gt;&gt; No, I agree it to me fantastic like
&gt;&gt; in general like I I don't I know we're
not talking about politics but like
mine's very straightforward. I look at
technology and where technolog is going
and whoever is part of where the
technology is going that tends to be
where I like and so seeing leaning into
SpaceX, leaning into Starlink, leaning
into Tesla, leaning into autonomy,
leaning into robotics, like yes, that's
clearly the future. It's not even a
question that that's the right
direction. We actually live in a really
great time as investors because, you
know, 10, 15 years ago, you don't really
know which companies are going to win.
Right now, it is so clear-cut to me
which companies are going to win. Most
of them happen to be owned by Elon, but
like Google Google's going to win.
They're not going to lose. You know,
like some of these are just so obvious
that you can't miss,
&gt;&gt; especially as buyold investors.
&gt;&gt; Pardon?
&gt;&gt; Jensen is going to win.
&gt;&gt; It's not even a question. You don't have
to think about it. Like, it's it's a
winner,
&gt;&gt; you know? It's some of these are just so
such no-brainers.
&gt;&gt; Yep. and Amazon. Um, you know, it's on
the robotics front too that you were
mentioning the
&gt;&gt; I like Jason's coining of the term the
corporate singularity when you have more
robots than humans.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if you number doesn't have
to be number because you can have
one-third of the robots and
&gt;&gt; but yes
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; oh it's a bipartisan committee by the
way so that's just the the
&gt;&gt; that's also refreshing. Yes,
&gt;&gt; it's a move of the organiz. So, right.
So, you were saying, Nick, that all
these things are happening, but we are
um
&gt;&gt; PTSD, right? I mean, we all thought I
mean, it's all Elon's fault.
&gt;&gt; By the end of this year, we'll have
this, this, this, and if you didn't, if
you didn't set these dates, we wouldn't
we're way ahead of what we expected. I
never thought we would have solved.
&gt;&gt; If you didn't set those dates, it would
take longer, though. So, it's like, you
know, this is just part of the roller
coaster journey. And you know, this was
one of the things that Peter Lynch
taught me is that volatility is the
price of outperformance. And if you
can't stomach the ups and downs, then
don't be a long-term investor and don't
expect to make 30% per year compound
annual returns. Uh, but if you want to
crush your average Gary Blacks, you've
got to be able to do things that other
people aren't willing to do. And that
involves patience and involves being
cool when everyone else is losing their
and selling their shares.
&gt;&gt; Gary Black, how how does his fund do
Herbert's like, "Guys, no, no, don't do
this. Don't do this."
&gt;&gt; I mean,
it's a fair question, isn't it? Um, I
don't I don't actually know. So, it's
just genuine question. Um, but I I
&gt;&gt; I think he's not too far off of, you
know, the indices, but still.
&gt;&gt; I bet you he's not beating it.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; but uh, no, I I I agree with everything
you just said, Hans. I love volatility.
I think volatility is great. Volatility
is how you make money. Without
volatility, you don't make money. Uh, so
I think volatility is great. The only
thing with Elon is I just I wish he
would
like it. It's hard, right? It's like how
do you change someone the way they are?
And like how do you tell someone to
change what they're doing when what
they're doing has gotten to where they
are at this point, you know? So really,
maybe it's us that needs to change. And
when we hear him say certain things, we
just should be like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah,
okay. Let's let's Yeah, that'd be nice
if it happens, but we'll take it with a
grain of salt kind of thing. Maybe we're
the ones that need to change and stop
asking him to change. Maybe that's what
needs to happen. And that's what I've
been trying to do. I mean, Herbert, you
told me I was pessimistic the other day
when we were talking about the outlook.
And I was like, well, I'm trying to
change. I I can't make Elon change. I'm
trying to iterate. So,
&gt;&gt; that's right. I remember that. And you
said, uh, whatever Elon says, add six
months to it. You're pushing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think you're right. Um, but like
you said, at the end of the day, we're
all
&gt;&gt; key to happiness in life is to lower
your expectations.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if that's true.
&gt;&gt; No, dude.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Hans, you had me saying, "Yeah, I agree
with Hans on just about everything until
now." Don't listen to Hans, everybody.
What's he know?
&gt;&gt; Lord, your ex. Okay. No, man. Ju just
because that's what your wife did
doesn't mean
Oh, finally I got to laugh. All right.
So, I got to make fun of people to get
Herbert to laugh. Herbert's like uh in
Big Daddy where the kid only laughs if
someone like trips over a stick when
they're on their rollerblades.
&gt;&gt; I have to make fun of someone for
Herbert to laugh at my jokes.
&gt;&gt; That's not true. But okay. Oh, brother.
That's a good place.
&gt;&gt; Comedy idiocracy style.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; We better We better stop.
&gt;&gt; Okay, guys. That was a good show again.
Uh, thank you everybody. Tune in each
week. We on our three channels,
&gt;&gt; our three channels here. Hans at Hans
Nelson and then Nick Gibbs I AG at
Investing Against Grain. Check out his
URL there and uh check out when he does
his stream or his uh space that he's
going to do on Monday. Always good
information.
&gt;&gt; Oh, and sorry, one last plug. Uh I do
have a new podcast I just started. It's
called Behind the Trade. Again, if
you're into option trading, go check it
out. It's me and Greg. We sit right here
and we talk about winners, losers,
trading, markets, Tesla, all that good
stuff. All this stuff.
&gt;&gt; Be careful guys. They they often wear
pants or no pants or like that.
&gt;&gt; We show knee. We might show some knee.
&gt;&gt; They show knee a lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just for you, big boy.