Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Revealed Its Next Vehicle Without Telling Anyone
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwkBiUodmmo
Published:   2026-07-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-07 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The cyber SUV has been hinted at. Well,
sort of. I mean, there was a little
mockup in the background, but we've seen
a lot of background mock-ups. And I made
the case that it doesn't make sense.
But, uh, there's some caveats to that.
And those caveats, uh, those exceptions,
those possible things that might tip us
in that direction are appearing to be,
uh, getting closer to the surface.
meaning I have softened to the idea of a
cyber SUV. And I will today make a case
why it would make sense to build one. Uh
maybe that's the big announcement we're
going to get tomorrow when this video
runs on the 7th, but I doubt it. We'll
find out. I'm going to be chatting with
Randy Kirk, who uh also has thoughts
about the Cyber SUV, and we will
determine if that's even going to be
possible. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
Randy Kirk back from Hawaii well-rested
presumably. Uh we don't know what kind
of three-hour tours he got up to. Uh but
uh he doesn't appear to be a castaway
any longer. Randy, welcome to the show.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. I'm
unfortunately having to uh stow away in
a different room than normal, but uh you
know, it's all good.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they're uh fumigating for Randy
Kirk is what they're doing. Hey, so this
is 10 months ago. Joey Clender from
Tesla. Tesla gives big hint that it will
build cyber SUV and smaller Cybert
truck. I disagree with the big hint
part. What we got was and this is a fun
render by Apex Red Panda. Uh what we got
was just a little that's definitely not
a thing. Um what we got was this little
model in the background of the cyber cab
area. That was the entire hint. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I said they won't make it because uh
they don't want human drivable vehicles.
But I also said that SNX wouldn't be
cancelled. I said SNX would not be
cancelled unless and until they got
under one shift of production. And they
got under one shift of production. As
soon as I saw those quarterly numbers
last year in Q3, I changed my tune and
said SNX are done. the volume is too low
even for that slow inefficient line. It
doesn't make sense to continue producing
them. Not when the space in the factory
is so valuable. Well, we're seeing the
same kind of softness, the same kind of
weakness in the numbers for Cybert
truck. Even with the big discount and
however many units extra they made from
that, Cybertruck sales are low. They're
low and a bit disappointing. We need to
get those numbers up. We need to bump
them up. Those are rookie numbers. Cyber
SUV could be built on the same line.
What says you?
&gt;&gt; Well, let's go. Let's start with the uh
sec. Well, anyway, let's start with
this. How do we know that Cybert truck
numbers are low because of demand as
opposed to just being part of the ramp
of the new vehicle? Because I thought we
were told that the reservations or
orders took us all the way out to
January. They're spacing them out. If
they wanted to, they could build them
all right now.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And what I'm looking at is the actual
delivery numbers. 12,364
of Cybertruck plus S plus X plus semi
&gt;&gt; for
&gt;&gt; and possibly
&gt;&gt; second quarter.
&gt;&gt; Well, for second quarter and that
possibly includes some Cyber Cabs as
well. Uh James Stevenson helpfully
pointed out that while those are still
technically held internally, it is very
likely that they were transferred to
some kind of entity uh within the shell
that allows them to count as a delivery.
Certainly if you put a a street plate on
it, it could count as a delivery. Um so
but cyber cabin semi very small. That
number though, that is not what you do
with a production line built for a
quarter million a year. And again, this
still includes SNX numbers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; so it'll be interesting to see next
quarter whether there's a whether
there's an increase. Now, let's be real
about Cybertruck. Cybertruck is
probably, according to everybody I've
talked to that owns one, the most
drivable, maybe the best car that's ever
been built. But it is strange looking.
And for many people, it's like, "Oh,
that's strange enough. I want one." Um,
or I think it actually looks good.
Especially there some people it's really
surprised me that they like the the
natural steel look and I'm like okay if
we could put the right wrap on that I
think I could drive it but I I just
don't like the stainless steel. It just
kind of looks like plumbing or
something. Anyway, so so I'm not I'm not
sure. I'm not So uh I if they made if
they first of all if they did push the
wrap a little bit more, I think it would
sell better. Um, but if they can't get
the sales going and if they care about
that line, which are two separate
questions,
&gt;&gt; can't find anything else to put in that
space, would a cyber SUV sell anymore?
Well, the picture you had above, the one
that was the the, you know, I mean, who
knows whether that can be made or not.
I'm not an SUV guy, but that one that
looks pretty good, especially compared
to the to the Cyber Truck in my opinion.
And again, just a render, not an
official thing. This is a fan created
image by Apex Red Panda. But what we can
see here is a softening of the corners.
&gt;&gt; If the So, how do we make it so that
this doesn't cost 20,000 more than a
Cybert truck? Well, one way you do that
is by getting rid of the stainless steel
and making the body panels out of
something else hopefully that you don't
have to paint. Take the lessons from the
cyber cab as is hinted here. Those
panels, as much as we had hoped it would
be an exoskeleton, are not loadbearing.
The doors are great because they can
stop a handgun, but they don't use
stainless steel that thick on the rest
of it because they're simply affixed
with clips. They don't actually add to
the structure. You can take all those
pieces off and test it and it has the
same amount of structure or within a
percent of it.
&gt;&gt; Going to the composite would be lighter.
It would be much cheaper. uh and you
could have your rounded corners again
without any complication. So you could
soften up the look of it while reducing
the weight and reducing the cost. Now
there would be more cost because an SUV
shape has more atoms than a truck shape.
Uh but if you're getting rid of all that
stainless in favor of something lighter,
you'd have to put cross beams in the
door for side intrusion. That's easy
enough to do. uh you could still skip
the expensive paint shop and have
something that would work. I just don't
see even if even if we double the Cybert
truck numbers next quarter to 20,000
that's only 80,000 on a line designed to
run at least a quarter million.
&gt;&gt; That's yeah under it's hard to make
money at those volumes.
&gt;&gt; All right, so Elon was playing around a
few weeks ago. Maybe he was completely
just being, "Hey, let's throw this out
and see what people say about it." He
was talking about an SUV with six doors.
So maybe if we wanted to go this far,
maybe we go to six doors because I'm
still thinking like you sort of said in
the beginning, I'm still thinking about
how does this apply to an a world of
robo taxis and having a a six-door robo
taxi, I think, would be a huge advantage
compared to people cra, you know,
crawling over each other to try to get
to that back seat. Especially because a
lot of times when you need the six the
six uh when you need six people to be in
there, a lot of times it'll be adults in
the robo taxi world as opposed to
children back there. So um anyway, he he
he put it out there. I I love to see a
rendering of what that sixth door would
look like, but uh who knows?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so I'll meet you halfway on this
because that's bonkers. Uh, but the
announcement could be we're going to
make this and a six-story door version
of it. The six-door version ain't coming
out yet, but it will. Boy, I just don't
know how you do that. I don't know how
you do that because the wheelbase ends
up so long, but
&gt;&gt; that's like it's like a short limo.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's like a short shuttle bus
really.
&gt;&gt; Or even a van. Even a 15 passenger van
is quite long. you could comfortably put
nine in it at with three rows. Uh if
it's that if it's got six doors, you
could easily do nine. And then you would
say, yeah, that this one, the one that I
was just showing, the normal one for
human driving,
&gt;&gt; could be dual use where we sell them
with and without steering wheels. Uh
because it's all
&gt;&gt; Wait, wait a minute, Brian. Wait a
minute, Brian. I keep getting confused
by the with and without steering wheels.
&gt;&gt; What am I going to need with a steering
wheel in a car that's unsupervised? Oh,
well, uh, that's the thing is we want
volume sales today. We want volume sales
ASAP.
&gt;&gt; But unsupervised unsupervised was
supposed to be out last year.
&gt;&gt; So, isn't it imminent?
&gt;&gt; No, I mean, I don't know. But this is
not a robo taxi. This would be a human
driveable car. And so, for a human
drivable car, I feel like controls are
important. And because it's on the cyber
truck platform, electronic steering, you
know, fully uh drive by wire, you could
have this designed to handle both. The
cooling system is adequate for human
controls. The motors are adequate for
who everything is there to make it human
drivable. It would just be something
where when the time is right, you change
the dash up so that the dashboard now
has a airbag in the column in the dash
instead of the wheel and there's no
wheels or pedals.
&gt;&gt; So that would be something you could do
with an eye toward the future,
&gt;&gt; right? So you're So this idea would be
that you would basically not change
anything about the the insides, the uh
the gut,
&gt;&gt; the cabin experience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And all you would do is slap slap
on a different box around it.
&gt;&gt; Yes, you would need almost certainly
need a different rear casting because if
you look at the smuggler's bay without
the liner in there, if you look at the
body in white that from the tear downs,
you'll see there's not a good place for
the third row to put their feet. Uh but
a redesigned rear casting could address
that.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, that'll be interesting.
&gt;&gt; I agree. And my and my thought is uh the
reason they haven't pulled the plug on
Cybertruck is there's no need to right
now. It is still making money. It is
still producing units and it is using
space in the factory that doesn't need
to be dedicated to something else. But
in the future they may need to dedicate
that space to something else if this
doesn't sell and it would be a way to
salvage the line. You could also make a
super premium trim level of it that
would take the place of the Model X. I
know right now Model X feel owners are
feeling a little left out because they
don't if they don't want a Cybert truck
what are they going to get a Y L. I mean
I could but normal people have Y L's and
I want a fancy one. So and this would
take up the spot of a of the full size
SUV that so many have said for so long
that Tesla really needs.
&gt;&gt; Right. Mhm. All right. All right.
That's my case for it. In the comments,
I want to hear what you guys think. Am I
off my rocker or worse, am I off Ry's
rocker? Who knows, man? Uh, appears he's
in a recliner today, so I think that's
okay.
&gt;&gt; My lazy boy. I'm a lazy boy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought I was your lazy boy.
Guys, in the comments, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it. I
beg of you. Everybody else, like,
subscribe, do all that good stuff, and
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots. uh
perhaps over at Ry's channel where I am
frequently there addressing some of the
uh less uh common questions, the
trickier, harder questions on the topics
we cover over Here.