Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Will Tesla FSD Finally Move The Stock?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfBCuma3JhU
Published:   2026-04-16 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today, we'll take a look at the impact
of Tesla's autonomous technologies on a
stock and to society as a whole. As
Tesla's full self-driving technology
gets better and better. Now, with the
release of FSE version 14.3 and the roll
out of FSE supervised in Europe, what
might its impact be on a stock? Will it
boost a stock at some point? When and
why would the roll out of FSE across the
world increase demand for Tesla's cars?
And what will be the impact of robo taxi
services like Whimo, Tesla, and others
on society as a whole? Some are arguing
that if Whimo gets its way, 2 million
workers will be out of work. But others
point out that Whimo is so safe that if
every car was driven like a Whimo, about
9% of America's life expectancy gap
would disappear. Whimo is so good at
saving lives that if it were a new drug
in trial, it would hit the bar for being
unblinded and made immediately available
to the control group for ethical
reasons. Imagine a new cancer drug came
out that reduced mortality by 90% across
every cancer. Would you lobby against it
because its potential to reduce hospital
visits and surgeries? Yes, FSE will
boost Tesla stock at some point. But
what's even more important is the world
will become a better place. Got Joe
Bacti here with us today. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back,
&gt;&gt; Joe. Yesterday we did a show where we
talked about uh how Tesla's robo taxi
service looks like that it's going to go
at scale. So despite the fact that it's
you know drip by drip we haven't seen a
lot of progress. Uh they are laying the
groundwork hiring 34 cities uh these
data operators looks like that they're
setting the stage to roll out Robus taxi
there. We also talked a little about
about the stock. Um uh you felt that at
at one point you said that you need
1,800
uh robo taxis out in a road unsupervised
and that would be a forcing function for
the stock. But before that you said that
you know if you see movement and uh just
progress that is enough. Let's dive a
little bit deeper on that. Um, I want to
talk about two things today. It's like
when would FSE version 14.3 and then
eventually 15, we're already at the
point that is so good. When will the
investors realize is it going to boost
the stock at some point? I saw that you
did a show on this. Uh, what's your
thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Well, when we talk about stock, right,
uh, we have to put a different hat on
than just talking about Tesla. So this
is always two different topics because
the stock is also subject to technicals.
It's subject to macro and the market
sentiment. It's subject to category
sentiment AI, right? And then it's of
course subject to fundamentals. And I
think what I like about Tesla, why I'm
kind of all in, not totally all but
nearly allin. definitely over 100% of my
like I'm I'm pretty in right now since
Monday
after the Iran thing was for me
basically settled. We had a lot of macro
coverage on my channel because we had to
it's tough. I love the Tesla fundamental
discussions because it's so nice in the
comments once you talk about Iran and
Trump and maybe
&gt;&gt; not so nice anymore. There are lots of
uh out there so I rather stick with
Tesla but we had to talk about it
because you need to see the big picture
now
&gt;&gt; on a technical level and my way of it's
the same way how I do options. This is
how I also do technical analysis. I
don't like options trading too much on
its own and I don't like technical
analysis on its own. You have to combine
it with the fundamental insights. The
way I look at technicals is we know
Tesla hit 390 in December. So we know
kind of the defined uh all-time high
same last year 480 or something. So we
know that there's like some ceiling and
since then Tesla just improved. We know
that we have 14.3 out. We have cyber cap
on time starting to scale. So there's no
bad news and the fundamentals of the
business of the EV business also look
good actually when you look at the
latest sales numbers. So, we are we are
at least as strong as a company now as
we were on December 15th or whenever the
all-time high was, but we are now at 365
and we were at 490. So, what does it
tell me? It tells me in theory on a
technical level, we can go back to 490
with no reason. With no reason. We can't
even go higher because we're a little
better. So, that's how I view
technicals, right? So, that just puts a
marker there. It's like well not much
has to happen to get us 120 points up
which is a lot right if you know that.
Um the next point is you have to look at
the market like well but does the market
feel it? You need macro tailwinds and of
course the market I I told everyone we
are on a coiled spring. We in the middle
of the agent revolution Nvidia throwing
the I told everyone and at 175 last week
I told everyone it's going to 200. Guess
where it's now? At 200 basically. So the
world is eating AI up now. It's
completely clear there is no limit to
the demand. Indirectly bullish also for
the crazy terra plan, right? Where
people realize slowly maybe Elon is not
crazy and that means and Iran is over in
my opinion pretty clearly. So that means
we are basically setting up for a very
very bullish Q2 because the market is
exhausted from all the dropping and the
draining.
&gt;&gt; So we are in a bullish Q2. We are very
cheap on Tesla. Tesla was lagging behind
the NASDAQ recovery which was pretty
serious for the last week. That's all
very bullish for me for the stock beyond
even talking about fundamentals. When we
then talk about fundamentals, robo taxi,
all the things you mentioned, all the
things we mentioned yesterday, that for
me is also cautiously and strategically
bullish. Not in the sense that, oh, we
have 2,000 robo taxis unsupervised in
May, but that this juggernaut of Tesla
roll out is now happening. It's just
initiated 34 different cities, dozens of
over a dozen states where we are now
hiring supervisors for that. So it's
clearly happening but maybe a little
slower than expected
but clearly we have these important
inflection points with 14.3 and maybe 15
coming out in 2 months or something. And
so the total picture is super bullish
because we now have room to run to 490
in my opinion if the market goes well
without much catalysts required while we
are having the heavy catalysts being
prepared right there. We don't know when
they're coming, but they're clearly we
are getting surrounded more and more. It
might take six months, nine months, it
might take three months, but they're
coming. And I like this whole situation
because even if they're not coming now,
we can run 120 up.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So that gives us some space. So if you
take three months to run 120 up, the
catalyst have time to do something. So
it's not very critical. If you were at
one I think if we had two months in from
now we at 490 or 480 and not much has
happened then I would get more nervous
again because then Q4 is coming up then
people get nervous like what about the
September crashes and stuff like that.
If you're then all-time highs and not
much has happened and the market gets
weak then it's time to be cautious.
Right now the opposite is true. I think
right now everything is like bullish
plus you get the super short and like
maybe maybe something is even happening
in June, July, August in terms of robo
taxi unsupervised scaling which is for
me that that is the central repricing
indicator when this unsupervised robo
taxexi number starts jumping from 10 to
20 to 40 then we are then we are talking
about something way beyond all-time
highs and so when is this happening well
that's that's the big question.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, I need I see where
you're going here. You you're looking at
macro, you're looking at technicals,
you're looking at fundamentals, you're
looking at what's going on with the
company, and uh you were a little
concerned uh what a week, two weeks ago.
Uh macro just took over everything. You
pulled out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Once you see that Iran is looking
better, you you've jumped back in. In
the meantime, look what's happened with
Tesla. Of course, we already uh kind of
announced and reported on the fact that
uh RDW approved FSD in Europe and so
that is being now used by um people um
in Netherlands. They're testing it out
now. But this general manager of the
RDW, he even went out out of his way and
within a couple days basically said that
uh you know that he's going to he's
recommending that all other EU companies
the member states adopt it as well. So
that's great news. Ashokwami vice
president of Tesla AI he came out said
that by the way that European regulation
is followed by a lot more countries than
just the ones in EU. So not only are the
Netherlands approved it, but the EU
member states,
&gt;&gt; you know, the general manager for that
is saying, "Hey, you guys should all
approve it now." So maybe by June, 27
states in the EU member states will then
adopt it. But Ashak is saying there's
even more countries beyond those 27
states in Europe. Will that happen? FSE
is now officially operating in US,
Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico, the
Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand,
South Korea, China, and of course, yeah,
the Netherlands is now added. This is
where
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely right. Like, you know,
Europe is unfortunately a regulatory
superpower or the regulatory super. So
when you're in other parts of the world,
normally people look at some US
regulations and a lot of EU regulations
for just adopting the standard because
as a normal country that is not as
obsessed like the FDA or the EU and
Germany, all these places, you don't
even want to deal with that. If you're
like the Congo or even Brazil, you're
saying like just copy these people like
who even wants to come up with that
stuff. So that's why it's an important
signal. And when it comes to
transportation, of course, the EU is far
ahead of the United States in terms of
sophistication of regulation. US is good
in healthcare and FDA. Um, well, good, I
mean, very developed in regulating
stuff. Uh, so yeah, I think that's true.
But also when it comes to stock,
&gt;&gt; you know, if anyone is interested in
stock movements, you can also see how
this works. Like when the Netherlands
came out with that on Friday, stock was
up.5%.
And then on Tuesday was up 5 4%. So even
though nothing really happened, so the
stock market is more like, okay, we bash
Tesla, it's totally down. Sentiment is
horrible. That was last week. Then Iran
turns around, market rallies, Tesla
doesn't because they're still in the
basement. And then all these things are
basically little scores, right? is like
okay boom very nice interesting little
0.5%
after market up so then they remember
this then cyber cap Joe take M's like oh
look at all these cyber caps also
nothing really happened but it's another
point then the jobs come at another
point and some point the m says fine
just push it up 4% like two days later
so that's it's kind of not unusual that
it works like that it's kind of
convincing someone it's like selling
something you're making one argument
meet a week later make the next argument
at some point they say fine let's just
buy the stock. So, it's accumulating
slowly. That's why it's so important to
also see the market sentiment.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Okay. So, you got the market
sentiment. You've got uh FSE approved in
Netherlands. That's a big deal. You got
14.3 rolled out.
A little bit of a detour here. I wanted
to show you this Joe Techmire post about
uh you know, there's a huge debate that
people are saying. some side, one side
says Tesla's spitting out these cyber
cabs, but oh, by the way, they all have
steering wheels and so they're just
going to be sold to consumers. It's
going to be the biggest um secret plan
you didn't know about that. By the way,
these cyber caps will just be sold to
consumers, uh not be used as robo taxi
because they're not ready for robo taxi.
Uh 14.3 is not ready for it. Um you
know, the regulation's not going to be
ready for it. Therefore, the, you know,
whatever Giga Texas spits out and that
looks like they're on on board. It's all
going to be just sold and not for robo
taxi. But actually, here's what Joe
Techmire said. Joe says, uh Joe is very
much on the side that no, these cyber
cabs are being made specifically for
unsupervised autonomy, autonomous cars.
And he said, "Here's another data point
for those who say the Cyber Caps with
steering wheels are meant to be used
with passengers, meaning sold to
customers. I was fortunate to capture
this image today." So, take a look at
this image that he shed said. Here it is
right here. And basically what he's
saying is actually and and by the way,
Joe is one of the only the few people
who was given a private tour of the
cybercab production line. and he has
interviewed so many people and nobody
there believes that they are creating
cyberc cabs with steering wheels on mass
and that's what the plan is. But in fact
what he's proven here is that these
cyber capabs are built without steering
wheels and it's actually a retrofit that
you need to
actually add parts to it remove and add
parts to it to add the steering wheel
not that it was built with it uh coming
out of the line. That's what he's
saying. So what's your thoughts on on
that? I mean I also very early on had
this idea maybe they're combining this
with model 2 and stuff like that but
then quickly when I talked to and
watched engineers discussing this it's
very clear that you can't do that
because to optimize a car for that for
drivers is a whole operation these are
super advanced cars these are Teslas
right so if a car is designed as a robo
taxi it's a totally different car
everything the suspension the speed the
acceleration the handling
It's a completely different car from a
consumer car. So, you can't just do
that. That makes no sense, right? It is
completely amateurish if you would do
it. Like, if you want to have a real
consumer car, maybe a two-seater, which
maybe might might not make any sense for
consumers. You want a small SUV. That's
the discussion right now. Uh you would
have to have a whole development cycle,
like a complex full-on car development
cycle. You can't just put a steering
wheel in and say, "This is a car." This
would be completely makeshift
completely amateur. So that's why I'm I
would bet against Fazard on that side
and now we have another point with Joe
Tech.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean a very simple one is that
the um the in these cyber cabs you
cannot see through the rear. It's a
wall. So a wall. There's no window there
that you can see in the back. So I'm not
sure why they would just add a steering
wheel and then Well, why aren't you
testing cyber caps without you know with
a real glass? Because you have to,
right? If you you have to crash test
those kind of cars anyways. Okay, let's
move on. It was just a matter of just
another data point about uh cyber cap
production looks like it is very much
for robo taxi. Let's talk about um
safety what the impact of autonomous
driving would be to society because
you've got now lobbyists. I don't know
if you heard, but uh a couple weeks ago,
New York, the taxi union won and they
were able to convince the New York
governor to ban robo taxi. They're not
going to roll out robo taxi in a city.
So Whimo was kicked out of there. And so
there's people like that union saying
that. Here's another point. This person
says if Whimo gets its way, 2 million
workers will be out of work. When Whimo
gets a firm hold on a city, wages go
down. Some drivers now have to work 12
hours a day, seven days a week just to
get by. This isn't inevitable, but big
tech is spending millions to make you
think it is. And then uh so definitely
anti- you know, autonomous driving. Uh a
little context note added. Whimo data
already shows a 92% reduction in serious
injury fatal crashes versus human
drivers. While the Post claims two
million jobs will be lost, BLS
projections show transportation sector
growth safety tech historically shifts
labor roles rather than eliminating
total employment. Um this person replied
saying reminder Whimo is so safe that if
every car was driven like a Whimo, but
9% of America's life expectancy gap
would disappear. 9%. Americans die in
car accidents that often. So are you
trying to save li save jobs or do you
care that this many people will be saved
lives? Whimo is so good at saving lives
that were a new drug in trial it would
hit the bar for being unblinded and made
immediately available to the control
group for ethical reasons. There was a
doctor who wrote a great opinion piece
on New York Times saying this the data
is so clear that if it was a drug um you
would you would immediately it would be
unethical to keep giving it to to the uh
control group. Uh Brett Winton of
Arinvest said the annual social cost of
cancer and auto accidents are very
roughly equivalent. Imagine a new cancer
drug came out that reduced mortality by
90% across every cancer. And the AMA
aggressively lobbyed against it because
its potential suppressive impact on
hospital visits and surgeries. Less jobs
for doctors and nurses. So let's not
solve cancer. Let's leave cancer alone.
But that's exactly the same amount of
people, roughly the same number of
people are dying with cancer as as there
are auto accidents. that is the unions
with respect to autonomous robo taxis
right now. Uh James Dalma said
interesting framing but it's actually
worse than this. With cancer the median
victim is 73 years old. The car accident
victim is 35 years old. So if you're
anti-selfdriving you're arguing for more
widows and more orphans and far more
people in wheelchairs. And Elon said
this is absolutely true. So just crazy
different perspective people have. Very
very good framing. I've never thought of
it like that. I'm not too much into the
social lobbying thing, but it's
important. And I think Winston did a
very good job. Yeah, this is perfect
framing. This is exactly right. It's
like, oh, we can cure cancer. And then
the union says, "No way. All the nurses
are going to lose their jobs." It's
like, okay, you're nuts. Like the
argument that they're not going to lose
their jobs. That's a weak argument
because it's simply not true. You know
that I'm a hawk AI hawk but because I'm
realistic I'm an economist. So of course
everyone's going to lose their job. Of
course it will be a lot of pain. Of
course it will be political turmoil. Of
course we can create new jobs but that's
not easy right? That's that's going to
be a lot of pain. People always say we
always made it but yeah I mean look how
we made it like two world wars and
stuff. So it's not easy to make it but
it's inevitable. We can do it better
this time hopefully. But it's not that
people will just keep their jobs or
something. That's a weak argument. The
lifesaving argument is very powerful
because that's exactly the question.
Would you be willing to have a 100,000
nurses and doctors lose their jobs if
you cure cancer? And if you say no, then
you're nuts. You're crazy. It's like,
are you crazy? And I don't know the
exact numbers of cancer deaths versus
drivers. Seems like there are more
cancer deaths, but anyway, so I get the
argument. And yeah, of course they're
younger the victims. So, uh, clearly
human life should have top priority, not
jobs.
&gt;&gt; And it's global we're talking about
here, here's the data point. If Whimo
doesn't get its way, 1.2 million people
a year will die horribly and painfully.
Many more will be injured. Or since that
doesn't seem to move you, let me put it
a different way. They will be
permanently out of work for the rest of
their life.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. Yeah, I mean the jobs thing
it's it's kind of difficult because no
one you know that's an AI argument. I
love the the death argument is very
powerful. But with the jobs, I it always
rubbed me the wrong way when people
start wars or something. Say it's good
for jobs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I get it. Yes, you can drop bombs
all over the place. You have to
manufacture more bombs. Congratulations.
And then you workers make more money,
but it's kind of insane. And
&gt;&gt; same is true for cancer curing or or
transportation. I think we have to have
our priorities priorities straight.
That's just not good. If you can solve
that problem, it's like an enormous
problem.
Like I think all the murders or
something are like half or less than
half the deaths of of cars in the United
States. This is like an insane number.
40,000 people. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if you if you carry it forward,
okay, so you will lose all of the taxi
people. Okay, that is sad. I'm not the
people have lives. This is their, you
know, livelihood. It's a big deal. But
what about if you're talking about loss
of impact to society? you lose that jobs
but what about all the people who are
now able to work while you're being
instead of driving you're able to work
so now you have more productivity if you
have more productivity then your company
can hire more people so at the end of
the day the productivity is global it is
across every industry this isn't just
one specific transportation in New York
or whatever it is so the you know at the
end of the day I think full self-driving
Autonomous transportation is going to be
beneficial to the whole. And then the
cost of transportation. Look at the
impact to people, right? The cost to own
a car. What is it there? Third highest
cost after a house. Significant cost
that I have to pay out monthly to pay to
to own a transportation. And then all
the people who don't who work, you know,
paycheck to paycheck, they are have to
take a bus. Now it makes it a lot easier
for them to just hail a robo taxi at the
same price as a bus. And I think that
was always one of my most important
points. Everyone talks about
metropolitan areas. I think much more
exciting for me like much more
transformative is the next layer around
the metropolitan areas like the 2hour 1
hour commute. Like imagine you have to
take the bus if you're lucky there are
trains but then the trains might suck.
Imagine this is all turned into a
flexible robo taxi infrastructure where
everyone can just hail robo taxis all
over the place because when you look at
the cost structure per mile cost
structure the cogs of these things you
can actually saturate much more than
that. We saw it in Pennsylvania that you
saw these robo taxes way out of you know
uh the big cities and I think that is
very interesting. It would be a complete
unlock and the ripple effects of that
are so enormous that you I can't put it
into words like think about real estate.
Do you know how real estate is impacted
by train lines for example?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like one little village like look at
Greenwich or something,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's like super expensive. Imagine that
is all going away. And then the next
town like 10 miles off the rail tracks
it has like a third of the real estate
prices. Boom. suddenly it's all unlocked
and it all dissipates my
&gt;&gt; I think real estate will fall or people
can Yeah, that's exactly right. I do not
need to live if I don't have a lot of
money. I don't need to live near the
city. I can live far away and work while
I'm being driven or
&gt;&gt; and by the way not not not a lot of
money. My example is very funny because
people in Greenwich are not the poorest
people. Why do they actually the richest
people? Why do they live in Greenwich?
Because of the train. Because even the
richest hedge fund managers don't want
to commute into New York City. So like I
need to take the train. If you're in
this train, Greenwich, New York, yeah,
there are lots of rich people in there,
but they still want to take the train
because no one wants to drive into that
city. But if you have robo taxis, it's a
whole different situation because you
don't drive anymore. You know, it's
convenient. It's probably the traffic's
much more fluent because everything's
autonomous. And then suddenly you have a
giant real estate unlock. So when we are
ready this will be a bonanza for
everyone who's a little forward thinking
pioneer lens right that's what we are
doing like think this through the impact
on real estate will be enormous that is
my prediction because now we have
totally new ways of figuring out what
are the hot spots
&gt;&gt; well people who who are not rich who
don't have a lot of money they will
benefit more with autonomous driving uh
autonomous techn transportation because
like I just said you don't have to now
live in expensive areas you and go and
find a beautiful spot far away and have
autonomous driving pick you up. By the
way, there's a huge difference. Yeah,
they have to take buses, but how do you
get to the bus stop?
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Right. Look, you have to walk or you
have to find a way to get to the bus
stop in the first place versus right
living somewhere without all that
infrastructure and then getting
pointto-point autonomous. Yeah.
And I'm always thinking trains because
buses are like a total no like people
really don't want to take buses but
trains are very common and trains are
kind of this defining real estate line
San Francisco look at the like
everything is like along these train
tracks becomes more expensive because
then everyone wants to be close to this
thing and
&gt;&gt; that means you know the optionality
I mean the affordability of housing will
be hugely impacted. You have to think
this through like now you can build
houses at wherever you want. Yeah. And
can easily get there because everything
is connected which makes it much more
accessible. Much nicer houses, much
bigger houses, much higher quality, much
lower prices,
&gt;&gt; lower price.
&gt;&gt; So the that's just one aspect. I mean
it's a big aspect because real estate is
a big thing. But that's just one aspect.
And then people, you know, if you don't
have a lot of money and you have to
spend 300, 400, 500 bucks a month on
your car, on the whole thing, now you
don't have to do it anymore. you
probably can buy for 199 unlimited robo
taxi rides or something and you don't
need it anymore. You save a lot of
money. So there are so many effects that
are truly transformational on how we
live, how the cities are built, how the
suburbs are like everything.
&gt;&gt; I mean even in a city right there's a
lot of space reserved for cars, parking
lots, parking structures. If those are
changed into residential apartments
uh or just parks, what a better world
we're going to live in. And I I think
that autonomous transportation will
reduce the cost of living in general
across the board because what's the cost
of your eggs and things that are being
delivered? If you got autonomous
transportation for that, that's I think
over a third of the cost of a product
that you buy is because of
transportation. If that's
&gt;&gt; right, there's an enormous ripple effect
from real estate to the products to of
course productivity in the sense of how
much time you lose in your life. I think
they did some study I forgot the CR it
was like you you spend a 100red years of
your life in the car in LA or something.
So it's like there's some insane number
maybe less than 100 years but
&gt;&gt; it totally insane number for the
Angelinos.
&gt;&gt; Not surprising. I mean at some point I
didn't care anymore. I was just sitting
in the car like, "Yeah, it's nice. It's
a sunshine."
&gt;&gt; Even if it's just relaxation, uh,
entertainment, that is still mental
health. And then and or if it's
productivity, you get to actually work
more. Um, you know, implement new
businesses, things like that. You have
more time. So, I it's hard for me to
understand, but I guess um some people
&gt;&gt; unions are very narrow-minded. They have
a clear business model.
&gt;&gt; Keep their workers, charge them fees,
and then do
&gt;&gt; charge me fees. I don't want to lose. Uh
the more union people I get, more money
I make. Yeah, that's how that works.
Okay. Well, thank you for the great
conversation. It's not just about the
stock. We're looking here. We're looking
about the impact society. So, I hope
people realize this and understand the
impact society is better, positive, not
worse, and they should support the roll
out of all autonomous technology for
transportation specifically has the most
impact. Thank you so much, Joe. Check
him out. Go to his website,
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbond.com.