Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Just Signed Four Massive Deals
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL0tCu23IbQ
Published:   2026-05-31 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-31 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ahead of its historic IPO coming June
12th, SpaceX has been signing massive
deals left, right, and center. Today,
we'll share with you four of them.
First, the US Space Force announced that
it has awarded SpaceX a big $2.29
billion contract to build a new space
data network backbone. This is the next
generation military satellite
communications network in low Earth
orbit, also known as Starshield. This is
a separate network from Starlink.
Second, after NASA announced its plan to
build a permanent $20 billion US base on
the moon, they confirmed that SpaceX
Starship rocket will play a big role in
these moonbased missions. We'll review
the plans for phase 1, phase 2, and
their hope for phase three, a sustained
human presence by 2032 and beyond.
Third, StarCloud, an aerospace and AI
infrastructure startup building data
centers in space, announced a
partnership with SpaceX to integrate 50
Starlink mini laser terminals across 25
satellites. Fourth, American Airlines
has agreed to install Starlink Wi-Fi on
more than 500 airplanes starting next
year. That makes it 38 airlines now that
have partnered to use Starlink to more
than 6,300 commercial aircraft. Delta is
the one remaining major holdup. And
finally, while Europe announced plans to
protect their mobile carriers by
reducing the share of mobile satellite
spectrum US operators can acquire, it
still leaves the door open for SpaceX
and Amazon's LEO to bid for them. There
seems to be more up SpaceX sleeve before
the IPO. Larry Goldberg is a serial
entrepreneur and has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here. Herbert,
&gt;&gt; lots to ask you about SpaceX. Uh they
seem to be signing deals.
More maybe more to come, but this is,
you know, two weeks before the actual
IPO or 3 weeks before the IPO. Uh we're
going to go through the major deals.
This one sounds like it's a pretty big
one. Space Force announced it has
awarded SpaceX a big $2.29 billion
contract. They're going to build this
space data network uh Star Shield,
right? So, it's nextG military satellite
communications network. It's going to
provide high-speed global data transport
layer for the US military connecting
sensors, weapon systems, satellites,
aircraft, drones, missile defense
systems worldwide. Very very clear that
this is not Starlink. SpaceX also
operates a separate government focused
division called Star Shield which uses a
different satellite network than
Starlink. So that's what this is. Uh
according to the Space Force, the
network will provide low latency global
communications, optical inter satellite
links, high-capacity tactical data
transport, a resilient mesh satellite
constellation, worldwide military
broadband connectivity, and this will be
by the end of 2027. Sounds like this is
something that every government needs to
have, but it's good that uh the US
government has access or has partnership
with Starlink to be to make this happen.
Thoughts on this, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's going to be awfully difficult
for any government to
get to the state that Star Shield is
going to get to or that this network is
going to get to, the backbone network is
going to get to because Starlink just
dominates the sky at the moment. uh they
have the infrastructure, they have the
satellites and more importantly they
have the launch capacity so they can get
what the government needs as fast as
they need it to where they need it. Um
and there isn't a competitor there isn't
a competitor who achieve it not the
Russians not the Chinese I mean the the
rate at which they can launch and the
quantities that they can launch and
ultimately
you know when when Starship begins
launching the the volume that they can
launch at um just is staggering and way
above anything else that anybody else
has got. So, it was a given that, you
know, SpaceX was going to win this as
they're going to win many, many, many
more. Um, you know, we haven't even
begun to see Starship being offered, but
once it's offered, I mean, it it's game
over. I mean, it's just game over.
&gt;&gt; 2.3 billion seems kind of low. That's
cheap for the US government.
&gt;&gt; This is just, you know, this is just the
beginning. This is just the beginning. I
mean, they're going to have to operate
the network. They're going to have to
add to the network. They're going to
have to There is a lot to come. There's
a lot to come.
&gt;&gt; And you know, they're going to have to
make the network very resilient from
attack. So, it's going to be interesting
to see
to what extent they're going to
maneuverability of the satellites, the
awareness of the satellites to their
surroundings.
It's this is just the beginning. This is
just the beginning and uh you know
ultimately the Pentagon is also going to
have to have data centers in the sky.
It's going to have to have the inference
capacity
&gt;&gt; makes sense
&gt;&gt; to to manage the network. Um so there
there's a lot to come. There is a lot to
come.
&gt;&gt; That's a very good point. So SpaceX
seems to I mean we know this already but
it's worth repeating that they are
really the only game in town for so many
things. This is one Amazon clearly or
not Amazon, I'm sorry. Uh Blue Origin
could be an uh an option and they're
going to work on it, but far number two,
far away. So, uh
&gt;&gt; well, they're going to have to have let
let me just make a point. They're going
to have to have alternatives. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's just it just absolutely necessary
to have backups and to have multiple
different source sources for launch, but
the bulk by far the bulk of the launch
is going to go to SpaceX for obvious
reasons because they have the ability to
launch the bulk. That's the key.
&gt;&gt; NASA has making some big moves now that
Jared Isaacman is now the new
administrator. Uh they just uh announced
that they're going to the moon. That's
the next project. They released a new
video of a man vehicle that they plan on
using while driving on the surface on
the moon. We'll play that later. Elon
responded to that saying, "Time to build
the major base on the moon." Um, and
Jared Isman came out and he said,
"SpaceX is probably our greatest
commercial space company. Hands down. We
rely on SpaceX heavily to put our
astronauts to and from the International
Space Station. SpaceX is our is probably
our greatest uh you know commercial
space company hands down. We rely on
SpaceX heavily to put our astronauts to
and from the international space
stations. We just modified an award to
provide up to I think six additional
missions uh to SpaceX in that regard.
&gt;&gt; And then this is uh the vision. We'll go
through each of these uh line items but
uh yeah commitment by the government
with SpaceX seems to have solidified at
this point. That's good news for SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know it was a given.
There aren't any alternatives. You know
it right now we are looking forward to
Blue Origin being able to launch
vehicles to the moon and it's going to
come. It's it's going to be with us
before the end of this year. But the
capacity that they are going to be able
to launch the volume of launch that
they're going to be able to provide is
just not there. It's just not there.
SpaceX right now between Falcon, Falcon
Heavy and the upcoming Starship are able
to launch tens
if not 100 times the capacity of Blue
Origin. And we need that capacity. We
need everything Blue Origin can launch.
We need everything ULA can launch and
that is not enough. The only the only
vendor that can launch the volume that
the United States of America is going to
need is SpaceX. And there's no doubt the
others can, you know, be an alternative.
They can be additional vendors. They can
whatever they can launch, I'm sure the
United States will buy. But at the end
of the day, the quantum of mass that we
have to launch to orbit as a country is
huge and we're going to need every ton
that SpaceX can deliver and it's a lot
of tons.
&gt;&gt; Just glad that this is US uh based
companies both Blue Origin and SpaceX
because it it it means dominance of the
space
&gt;&gt; which is so critical for everything. Um
this is the website that NASA released
their image imagining a future where we
will be uh having a permanent base on
the moon. This is
take out the music here but uh you know
I don't know collapsible vehicles
&gt;&gt; maybe should be
&gt;&gt; I saw those Yeah, I saw those vehicles
in Houston. I saw those vehicles in
Houston.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean they're they're they're
real. They're the prototypes already
exist. They're they're ready to
manufacture them for sure.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, this allows the these uh these
vehicles to travel. Yeah, you absolutely
need space buggies, dune buggies.
&gt;&gt; Uh for sure.
I don't know what that is. Is it Is it
tracking? Is it mapping?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's mapping. It's mapping. It's
creating a Yeah.
&gt;&gt; top of the Look at this.
So cool.
uh you know okay so that's that and then
uh let's take a look at the actual uh
vision that they have for the moon base
phase one phase 2 phase three phase one
is from now to 2029 phase 2 is 29 to 32
and then phase three is 2032 and beyond
so 2026 this is six years and beyond
they're saying okay you know assume that
they're going to be late but you know
within a decade we will have a
semi-permanent crew presence So at first
it's reliable access to lunar surface
and experiment. Okay. So we've done this
40 years ago.
&gt;&gt; No, there's a big difference. There's a
big difference.
&gt;&gt; All right. Big difference.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me just days.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let me just say about the 40 years
ago.
&gt;&gt; We sent astronauts to the moon and we
could manage a few tens of hours, maybe
a couple of days. What we're doing now
is we're sending astronauts to the
surface of the moon where they can last
weeks if not months. So there's a very
big difference for what we did 40 years
ago. We dropped people on the moon. They
moved around.
&gt;&gt; 40 years ago, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I was there.
&gt;&gt; 50 years ago.
&gt;&gt; You were there.
&gt;&gt; I was there. Yeah. 50 years ago. I came
to the United States to see Apollo
11. Uh the so but but those days we you
know we were able to get somebody to the
moon a few days and then get them off
again few you know not more than a few
hours really a couple of days. What
we're aiming to do now is be able to put
them on the on the on the moon and not
days but weeks and ultimately months and
ultimately years. So there's a huge
difference in approach.
&gt;&gt; How how much money do you think the US
government is willing to put in? I mean
do they have a budget for this? Is it
going to be a trillion dollars? And the
reason I'm saying this is that who's
going to get all this money? A lot of it
will go to SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not a trillion dollars. The the
It's a 20 billion US base is what
they're saying. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's in the billions and it's
over time it's in the hundreds of
billions, but it's well within the
budget reach of what NASA is budgeting
right now.
&gt;&gt; NASA is spending a lot of money on a lot
of things. NASA's what Jared is trying
to do is concentrate
his his investments in specific
objectives instead of you know spreading
the wealth all over every state of the
union. He's focusing on mission rather
than focusing on giving money to the
states. And so the mission right now is
to establish a permanent presence on the
moon. It's going to take several years
to get to permanent presence, but it's
going to start with presence that is not
hours, but measured in days, if not
weeks.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. And just very quickly, phase one
from now till 2029.
A rapid series of robotic missions to
scout the lunar south pole region, major
increase in lunar activity with up to 25
missions, including 21 landings, crude
and autonomous rovers for mobility
demonstrations and surface preparation.
four drones, early demonstration of
power, navigation, communications,
nuclear radio, isotope heater unit. It
really is something they should have
been doing a long time ago instead of
the International Space Station.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; and then 2029 to 2032 is early
habitation. Okay. uh transition to
assembling semi-permanent
infrastructure, deployment of expanded
solar power systems, upgraded rovers, uh
all that delivery up to 60 tons of cargo
through as many 24 landings, and then
phase three is a sustained human
presence. That's the goal.
&gt;&gt; And sustained presence will mean relays
of human beings just as we have for the
space station right now,
&gt;&gt; the International Space Station. So,
&gt;&gt; but more people, right? I mean, if you
got Starship, you can send them to the
moon as a vacation.
&gt;&gt; Well, I wouldn't go that far by 20, you
know, 32. I would say 2032 still
astronauts,
a relatively limited number of people,
maybe tens of people if we get beyond if
we get to that level. But you know, you
can look forward to a a 2050 period
where there's a permanent station with
actual you vacationers coming to spend
time to bask in the sunshine of the
moon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Nothing to do. You go
there and you sit inside a room.
&gt;&gt; You can explore. It'd be very
spectacular exploration by the way. Um
so that is obviously government
contracts awarded to SpaceX and like you
say there's many more to come. This is
just the beginning.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because there's no option and the
government needs to do this to have
dominance uh military dominance
communications.
&gt;&gt; Well by 2032 I think that there's going
to be sharing between Blue Origin and
SpaceX. There isn't another player but
and China will be there. China will be
there as well competing. they'll make
this a a mission for them as well. Okay.
So now there's a partnership between
StarCloud and Starlink.
StarCloud is an aerospace but also AI
infrastructure. They were first to put
up a you know small version of an AI
data satellite. Um Philip Johnson the
CEO said, "I'm super excited to share
that we've signed a contract with
SpaceX. Starlink will integrate its mini
laser terminals onto our satellites for
high bandwidth low latency connectivity.
There's no StarCloud is to announce it
will integrate 50 of the Starlink mini
laser terminals across 25 satellites.
Each of the StarCloud satellites will
carry two Starlink mini laser terminals.
First hardware is expected in orbit
within one year.
&gt;&gt; Very exciting.
&gt;&gt; What does that do? I mean, well, the
mini laser terminals are the way that
the star cloud um satellites can create
coherence
where they can compute simultaneously.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; For inference, that's very important. I
mean you don't need the level of
coherence that you're going to get in um
you know training where you'll have to
get coherence on a very large number of
but but in when you do inference you
definitely want to have that
communication link you know between your
processes
if not coherence then very very rapid
link but certainly the laser connections
could probably create coherence. So
those laser connections are very
important and to you know SpaceX have
produced that for their satellite links
for for their current uh Starship Star
Link links. Um and ultimately um you
know the form factor of the StarCloud um
satellites are going to have to be very
similar to the
Star Link uh satellites. They're going
to be flat. They're going to be
dispensed by the PEZ dispenser on orbit
in order to go into orbit. So, they're
going to look a lot like Starlink
satellites.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh in terms of form factor and and
design.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, but and StarCloud are
going to launch through guess what?
&gt;&gt; SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Starship.
&gt;&gt; Starship. SpaceX. Starship.
So SpaceX is willing to have partners
like StarCloud, but they're a competitor
to SpaceX own goals, aren't they?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But right now, SpaceX is doing
exactly the same. They're launching ASD
satellites. They're launching satellites
for Amazon. Yeah. I mean, one of the
reasons SpaceX is in the situation that
they're in is that at the from the
get-go, they said, "We'll launch anybody
satellites, standard price for all." So,
you know, they they have convinced the
industry that they're hands off, that
they will do a fair deal, give a fair
deal to everybody.
&gt;&gt; Okay, this is
&gt;&gt; you only have to look at their
financials because they don't make a lot
of money out of Launch. In fact, their
launch is losing money,
&gt;&gt; right?
So wondering
&gt;&gt; from their perspective, launch is not
launch is an enabler of their business
and they're not trying to keep it as a
monopoly. They want everybody to
succeed.
&gt;&gt; Do you suspect or would you forecast
that StarCloud will be bought by one of
the big AI, you know, frontier
companies?
&gt;&gt; I think there's a fair probability. You
know, it's going to they're going to put
a lot of chips on the table when they
come to deal. a lot of chips on that.
It's going to be very difficult for
StarCloud to turn the money down. I
mean, I think they could sell out for
money today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's going to happen
soon.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; that's why I'm
&gt;&gt; talking about soon. But, you know, I
think I think if I were Anthropic or
Open AI, I would be watching the other
guy to see he doesn't move first, but I
would also be watching StarCloud to see
them beginning to succeed. So, it's
going to be, you know, a very
interesting poker game between those
three
&gt;&gt; because StarCloud has been researching
and u, you know, exploring AI data
centers even before
Elon announced that they're going to do
it too. So, they've got some, you know,
years of
&gt;&gt; they don't have a lot of I don't think
they have a lot of technology that
SpaceX doesn't already have. Remember,
SpaceX has had processes in orbit for
years.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. I know I I'm not saying
that they're behind they're sorry like
SpaceX behind. I'm just saying that
these guys have actually thought about
AI data centers a lot of thought to it.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I have a feeling and I know
that probably true. It's not that Elon
just announced it a year ago. He was
thinking about this like a decade ago.
This is the plan all along. He just
didn't say anything about
&gt;&gt; the clue. If you want the clue, just
look at StarCloud's evolution of design.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. where they were before and where
they've come now. And they had their own
design. It was interesting. It was
fascinating. It was kind of the first
the first way to think about it. Once
they saw SpaceX's design, once they
understood the design considerations and
once they understood the launch
limitations and the launch
opportunities, their design collapsed
into SpaceX's design. Very similar.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's
&gt;&gt; who's ahead? Of course, it's going to be
SpaceX that this is their only one.
They've been doing this for years. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I don't know about ahead. I think the
demand is going to be so great that
everybody's going to participate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Uh Starlink is being
adopted by airlines and so just now
American Airlines announced that uh they
are going to adopt Starlink so you can
have free Wi-Fi on their planes. Uh
start 500 airplanes starting in 2027.
they will install Starlink. This now
makes 38 airlines have partnered with
SpaceX Starlink. Uh Sawyer calculates
6,300 commercial aircraft already have
Starlink installed or under contract to
receive it. Here are all the airlines.
You can see that they basically have won
this at this point. I mean this is this
is uh this is you know they're all just
coming in at this point. Um there are
all the
&gt;&gt; about there's something like something
between 18 and 24,000
air
&gt;&gt; aircraft
in commercial services. I forget the
actual number. I should have looked it
up before we met but this is somewhere
between a third and a quarter and a
third of the entire market. Now we
probably can count out the
&gt;&gt; the Chinese airlines and the Russian
airlines. Russians not m much much not
many but Chinese is a fair proportion.
So I would say that they're about
between 25 and 40% of the market right
now. And um you know there are two
airlines I think JetBlue and Delta that
have nominally taken the um Amazon
offering but it's going to be very hard
for them to stand out and
wait for
that that you know that that company
Amazon's whatever they call it today
Leo. Yeah. Amazon's Leo.
&gt;&gt; Low Earth orbit. It's going to be
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to be.
&gt;&gt; So, Delta rejected uh Starlink because
it wanted to provide internet
connectivity to passengers via the Delta
Sync portal instead of the Starlink
branded portal. Delta has since chosen
to partner with Amazon Leo. That was the
original understanding. The CEO
responded saying that that's not the
reason and I'll go through that. But uh
sorry thinks this will result in Delta
falling behind many of its competitors
and offering high-speed Wi-Fi on board
as many other carriers already offering
or installing Starlink whereas the
Amazon's LEO airplane Wi-Fi is still a
couple years away or more. Um and then
yeah LEO has 300 satellites in orbit. So
uh Delta said we're not going to do it.
Um Elon replied saying not exactly.
SpaceX requires that there be no
annoying portal to use Starlink.
Starlink Wi-Fi must be must work
effortlessly every time. So, you were at
home. Just super simple. Delta wanted to
make it painful, difficult, and
expensive for their customers. And then
the Delta CEO responded said, "That's
not true. Incorporating Delta Sync with
Starlink would have been permitted under
SpaceX uh inflight Wi-Fi agreement." The
the reason we chose Amazon's Leo is
because Amazon offers um I think movies
right so they because they offer mo well
he says fastest most connective uh cost
effective technology which is absolutely
false but it's because they offer
inflight movies is what I had read
earlier too
&gt;&gt; no they don't offer Leo doesn't offer
inflight movies Leo would offer inflight
movies the delta network yeah well
&gt;&gt; because It's Amazon. It comes with
Amazon Prime which comes with all their
movie library. And I think that that's
&gt;&gt; I see what you're saying.
&gt;&gt; He was saying,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, but they could offer that through
Starling."
&gt;&gt; Well, it was okay. Whatever. So, there's
a fight and Delta I just want to if I'm
telling you that American Airlines
signed up Starlink, I need to say Delta
said they're not going to do it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's true. I mean it's
possible that Amazon are offering some
sort of access to Prime as part of the
offer and that would be very intelligent
but you know Delta could pay I mean
Amazon the airlines could pay the the
Amazon
&gt;&gt; tax on on on Amazon movies but look
&gt;&gt; we'll see I mean we'll see the pressure
on is going to be on Delta next year and
I don't think that 2027
is possible for LEO at this point. I
just don't see it. I I just don't.
&gt;&gt; Do you So, this there's a big debate
whether or not people actually choose
airlines based on um whether or not
they're going to have Wi-Fi for free or
not.
&gt;&gt; I can see why it could be, but I I
right. I've seen um I think Chuck Cook,
who's an airline pilot, said no, people
choose airlines because of price. Price
is the number one. Obviously makes
sense.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's because he's a pilot.
I think because he's intelligent, he
understand, he gets it. I I think that's
why people choose it. There are a couple
of things people use to choose airlines.
Most of all, it's about price and the
route
um availability and you know their own
personal experience and you know it's a
mix of those things. There's some
airlines I won't fly on. I mean, most of
them I won't fly anymore, but you know,
airline travel is terrible. I mean, it's
shocking.
&gt;&gt; You know, I I choose to go by Cyber
Truck or by private. Traveling on
airlines is a terrible business today.
Terrible.
&gt;&gt; The experience is horrible.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if if you can buy Wi-Fi access
for six bucks, I don't know if people
will choose that just because of not
having Wi-Fi. But the Wi-Fi is access is
terrible compared to what you can get.
I' I've had so many bad experiences
where I'm on a flight and I, you know,
even if I pay for it or don't pay for
it, I I can't get it won't work. Happens
all the time. And I'm not talking about
cross ocean or something that it's just
frustrating.
&gt;&gt; So I can see I would if there's that
many options, I probably will not choose
Delta because it's just too many other
options where it's part of it. It's like
you have to offer this now. So
yeah, I think it will affect me a little
bit. Not at all. Okay. So this we talked
about four big partnerships that Tesla
SpaceX just signed, but there is one
that's negative news uh for SpaceX. Of
course, you'll imagine what the EU is
going to do. They need to protect their
mobile carriers uh in the European
Union. And so and uh so the Starlink
mobile
uh you know so so what happened was
European operators
announced I'm sorry I'm jumping around
here you go to want to give the bulk of
their spectrum to EU tech. So they're
going to allocate the bulk of valuable
mobile satellite spectrum to European
companies and they're going to reduce
the share US operators can acquire
because they don't want to have reliance
on big tech and they want to promote
domestic businesses. uh EU move is
driven by concerns over China's techn
technological rise and dominance of US
tech giants. I mean, you're you're
getting hit on both sides and for you to
think you can this is going to be useful
for you. We'll see. Elon's so Starlink
and Amazon, they are major players in a
satellite internet market and they can
still they can still bid for it but the
European Union is trying to reserve. So
onethird of the spectrum will be
reserved for state use such as security
and military and then two/3s will be
split in half between uh EU and non-EU
operators.
So not a big deal but just interesting
that they're going to go that route,
&gt;&gt; right? And Europe, you know,
oh man, talk about
committing suicide. I mean, Europe is
just in a terrible situation. Terrible
situation. I I
&gt;&gt; I don't know what to tell you. I mean,
European growth has stalled to the
extent that, you know, they were right
up there with the United States. It
looked like they were going to grow
faster than the United States. Looked
like they that the euro, you know, was
the magic bullet that was going to lift
Euro up and so Europe up and so on. And
they've just fallen flat on their face.
Terrible. Terrible. But such incredible
opportunities that have been wasted. It
is what it is.
&gt;&gt; It is what it is. Yeah. Okay. So, uh
what do you what you're thinking, Larry?
Uh SpaceX IPO June 12th. Do you think
that there will be like this is all
designed or it's just happening? Will
there be more announcements prior to the
IPO to show, hey, SpaceX is not, you
know, they got deals lined up? the pace
of uh announcements from SpaceX um
appears to have sped up, but actually if
you go back over the years, you'll see
it's consistent.
They have signed government agreements,
agreements with the government year
after year after year after year. Um so
that's not unusual. They've been buying,
you know, bandwidth year after year
after year. That's not unusual. Um
they've been, you know, I I think we're
just much more aware of it now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, true.
&gt;&gt; But if you were an investor in SpaceX,
you were tracking this stuff for a long
time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, and you you were watching this
and so you're much more used to it.
&gt;&gt; You know, this is the third version of
Starship that went up. So, everybody is
very excited about the launch of
Starship, but there's been, you know, 11
other launches.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. The 12
&gt;&gt; over the last few years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is Yeah. So I I think that
people have just become aware of just
what a powerful company it is and you
know people are talking about well we're
on the very brink of robo taxi at Tesla.
We are but SpaceX is on the very brink
of Starship.
You've got both companies are really
going to hit their stride in the coming
3 to 5 years. really going to hit their
stride and you know what the stride is
going to be at pace with one another.
So, it's pretty exciting times for both
those companies.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Larry. I appreciate
your knowledge uh because you've been
following SpaceX for so long and now
that it's uh important for Tesla
investors to understand this, we have
you to educate us, me, you've been
educating me. Thank you so much, Larry.
Appreciate you. Follow him on his
website, lumisenti.com.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbond.com.