Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Competition is Crumbling, well, not all them. Ford & VW making odd moves & MORE Monday News
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peQ1RJpiJzw
Published:   2026-04-20 12:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-20 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good 4:20 and all. We are here with the
Monday news roundup. There's a lot to
get through. As you can see, I am still
on the road. This doesn't look like my
studio. Is it a fancy green screen
backdrop? It is not. I'm in Sacramento.
I'm still heading north. Might be home
tonight. Might be home thereafter. Who
knows? Let's just talk about whatever it
is we're talking about, which is the
news.
When you're catching of this series, I
cover 15 20 news stories in about 20
minutes. get on to the Q&amp;A. Give you 10
minutes for that. I try. Tesla stock
report uh coming out the quarterly
earnings on Wednesday. Uh if you're
covering the financial stuff, that's a
bit of voodoo to me. I don't understand
it. Uh and I I think no one does, but
they're less willing to admit it. If you
want good uh understanding of what's
going on with the stock, talk to
Alexander Mertz or follow Alexander
Mertz. And if you want to cover the live
stream on Wednesday as it comes out,
Herbert hosts a fantastic version of it.
Uh, go watch that. Uh, Brighter with
Herbert is the name of the channel.
Check it out. Uh, Ford's
never-before-seen canceled Moonshot EV
has been hiding in plain sight online.
H I know, man. It's I wish they'd have
just released it. Just release it. Worry
about making it perfect later, but make
it exist today. I think that's a good
thing. But, uh, they didn't do that. Uh
did want to mention uh Volkswagen Group
in the same vein here electric vehicles
as battery storage for the grid.
Volkswagen Ellie to offer launch
vehicleto- grid offer. Now I'm a big fan
of vehicle to grid. The idea is you
could plug your car in and allow it to
not just back feed to your power wall as
needed or to your house as needed. uh if
you have the right equipment, but it
could also be used by the grid to give
you extra juice at a discount or to take
some juice at a premium should you
should you need it, should they need it.
So, the fact that this is offered,
hopefully enough people use it, that
makes sense. Uh Rhett saying that broken
news is his favorite. We're here to
repair it. See if we can do it. Uh
Volkswagen faces $600 million hit for
ending output of its sole US-made EV.
You see, you spend a bunch of money to
retool to make something you think that
market wants. Political tides shift.
Next thing you know, you can't sell
them. Uh or at least not in a manner
that makes any sense at all. Carrots
have been removed. The sticks have been
removed. EVs are a tougher cell. That's
why Tesla was able to gain market share
even amid de declining sales. So they
are doing a big write down 60 to 75% of
its original investment. Not ideal. But
did you know that Ford on the other hand
is doubling down on affordable EVs?
Yeah, sure. They cancelled their skunk
works project. Maybe it's still going,
but who knows? Apparently Jim Farley
isn't even allowed in the building.
That's not a sign of a healthy company
to me. They're doubling down on
affordable EVs because this month oil is
expensive.
What I fear we'll see is that next month
oil prices will go down and Ford will
have amnesia. They'll forget that this
is a possibility moving forward and that
electric prices don't change as rapidly.
See, with EVs, they're going to be
expensive to make your first one. Your
Mach is going to cost $40, $50,000,
but your next Mache shouldn't, and the
one after that should cost even less.
You can reduce prices while making a
better core because the technology has
room.
Uh so that's fun. We do have this note
shared by Sawyer said in an interview.
If you're an American and you want us to
beat the Chinese in the car business,
you're all going to want to pay
attention, not necessarily to Tesla.
Nothing against Tesla. They've been
doing great, but they really don't have
an updated vehicle. uh the this the best
in the business for us costwise and
competition wise, supply chain
manufacturing uh was really BYD. So
don't look at Tesla you guys also were
doubling down or cancelling. It's really
tough to say because it changes every
day. This interview saying don't listen
to don't look at Tesla.
uh in the interview uh yeah he didn't
mention that the e that the Model Y
sells so well but uh yeah don't look at
Tesla whatever you do don't make eye
contact that's what we've chosen to do
you know that Samsung's Texas foundry
has begun equipment installation for the
Tesla chips that's what we wanted to
hear I talked to some people who said I
thought that already happened no no they
built the building
it's an important step but you do have
to install and commission the the actual
equipment, which is the hard part. I
mean, buildings are not easy, but
compared to installing a foundry, you
know, what are you going to do? Uh, then
we've got uh some bad news, guys. SpaceX
bought nearly 20% of the Tesla Cybert
truck sold in Q4. Uh, a lot of the Okay,
so this is this is, you know, like
intercomp nepatism. I mean, maybe, but
SpaceX is a private company. What they
do is none of my business. And unless
you're an investor, it's none of yours.
And if you are an investor, make a phone
call because there's not very many of
you. But the reality is a lot of fleets
have determined this is the best truck.
This is the best one. if we can stay
within you know a 230 mile radius which
SpaceX facility trucks definitely would
if you know uh if we had to replace our
entire fleet today. Well SpaceX is just
now buying their fleet. They've had some
trucks before. They needed more. So, if
you could start
that will work something that has a
ginormous battery, an onboard generator
that can output 240 volts. This is a
good truck for the application. Well, I
see parking lots where they're just
storing them. Yeah, that's where fleets
go to sleep. They're not using all of
them all the time and they are storing
them. I central location. It works for
them. They're They're fine. And again,
it's not my money.
Robo Taxi rolling out in Dallas and
Houston. Amazing. Driverless. Driverless
is what's rolling out. This
uh it'll never happen. Well, it it
happened. Well, it'll never be
driverless.
Never go beyond Austin.
It must be migration season because the
goalposts seem to be moving aggressively
at this point. They have to be. I uh
don't care. Welcome to Dallas, bud. Here
is a driverless ride in Dallas. So, if
it's fake, we're all in on it, which
would be a conspiracy. I wouldn't put it
past them. Elon Musk says more Tesla
diners are coming after hinting where
the next locations could be. Spoiler
alert, I'll save you the time. PaloAlto
is one potential. Austin somewhere in
Texas is another. Uh why not? Why not?
Confirming an expansion, wider expansion
ahead. Yeah, because uh you may have
seen reports that it is dead. It is not
dead and I'll cover that in just a
second. Um, but it's not dead. I've been
there on a Wednesday morning. I've been
there on a Saturday evening, Thursday
morning. I've been there at different
times of the week and it's uh hopping. I
talked to the security guard who said I
said, "How busy does it get?" And he
said, "On Friday nights we will have an
outside line." So, but my question is,
what are we doing? So, let's take a look
at the stock. Okay, down 2%. to the
people saying, "Oh, the the release of
those new two cities of cyber of robo
taxi that was to pump the stock." I
said, "Let's check it Monday. Doesn't go
up. Will you give me one of these
because
zip it?" Maybe. Ah, they don't care.
Nothing impresses them. So, I put this
in the wrong order. Uh, this is what I
wish to show you. This is the Tesla
diner news dour. I was out there this
weekend. We had a great time. Um, there
was a big event hosted by the Tesla
Owners Club of LA. If you are not a
member of the Tesla Owners Club in some
city, join. If there's a local one,
they'll tell you when events are
happening and you sometimes get
exclusives. If you were an a club member
of the Tesla owners of club uh yeah
member of the Tesla owners club of a of
Silicon Valley, you would have gotten an
invitation to the event that I went to
where we got to interview the cyber cab
engineers. That was amazing. That invite
only went out to club members. Uh and
this invite only went out to members of
LA. Join them. They have reduced their
annual fee from $40
to $0. That's a heck of a bargain.
So, there we are getting set up. Jake B
on the on the on the ones and twos, I
guess. Uh, this adorable dog, I think,
the ghost of a small Victorian boy who
passed of consumption. Adorable. Very
piercing eyes. And they let this guy in.
I don't know what that's about. Boy, I
tell you, good thing I have face
blindness cuz I do not care for that
gentleman.
And if you missed my uh presentation,
worry not. I've got two more coming up
this coming Saturday at the Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association ride and
drive event on the 26th. Drive Earth
Drive Electric Earth Month. Uh so that's
on the 26th. I'll be giving two
presentations, one on the semi, one on
the engineering brilliance of the cyber
cab, and I'll answer your questions
there as well. Hey, let's talk
batteries. Don't know if you heard Sunwa
unveils 15C LFP pack with 1,800 uh amps
as sodium battery strategy unfolds.
Sunwa apparently a big mover in the
space. So big in fact that uh that there
is even Tesla's new LFP supplier. Now I
haven't seen confirmation of this uh but
it's apparently happening. Uh Karan
Singh does some good work on not a Tesla
app, but it's the third gen LFP tech. It
charges real fast. You can get actual
real world 3C charging rates, which is
fantastic. Uh then you've got, of
course, the uh 1300 Celsius battery
firewall unveiled as China accelerates
EV safety push.
EVs have a reputation for going up in
flames, even though it's untrue.
Uh, Chinese cars also have a reputation.
China has the largest uh set of fire
regulations on electric vehicles of any
country. So, they deserve some credit
for doing it right. Speaking of China,
near 100% electricity uh in the trucks
and which will secure energy security
and cut emissions. China is electrifying
than a picture of a truck. you will not
get in China as far as we know
representative image of an electric
truck. Sure. So what they're doing is
energy security is national security.
China recognizes that they're trying to
get off the fossil fuel. Maybe it's also
a green initiative because they want
bluer skies. But at the bottom line, the
end of the day, energy security is
national security.
And they are, yeah, it could cut
emissions by half because remember, even
though it's only a small percentage of
the fleet, it's a huge percentage of the
emissions, the burnt dust, the noise. We
can do better. So, let's talk the last
thing on batteries because I'm super
jazzed.
Donut Labs has overpromised the key
promise made by Donut which is marketing
the miracle battery are not true says
Lori Pelola the director of the partner
he has filed a criminal complaint
against Donut lab according to doughnut
lab CEO the promises about the battery
are true so I guess I had this up
yesterday must have refreshed I've hit
the payw wall but the idea is that Donut
Labs is being sued for overpromising the
claims of the battery according to the
partner who's part of the magic secret
sauce. Not true. Not true. Think fast
charging ruins EV batteries. Look at
this 111,000 mi Tesla Model Y. You've
heard it. Oh, I'm not fast char Oh,
it'll fry the battery. I want something
that is just bulletproof that just
works. After 111,000 mi, this car has
almost never been slow charged. uh 36
kwatt hours out of the entire life of
the vehicle was on nons superchargers.
It has only been fast charged. Any
guesses as to what the efficiency is?
It is 92% state of health. 92%.
I wish my old gas cars were at 92%
states of health after 100,000 miles.
They were not. They were on their last
legs.
Tesla Prep's new Model Y trim for India,
a once elusive market, it's it's still
elusive. Yeah, they're having trouble
gaining traction and it's because the
price was too high. They started too
high. They were confident they could
start high and do okay and then ramp
from there, but they started too high
and did not do okay. So, they're going
to be bringing down the price. Uh yeah,
finally debuted in 25 with a quiet roll
out focused on luxury segments, but with
the normal Model Y. Launch proved
challenging. So Tesla is demonstrating
resilience and adaptability.
And they're going to launch the Y L so
as early as next week. Fingers crossed.
Tesla Optimus V3 hand and arm details
revealed in new patents. I'm not going
to go into this in too great depth
because we'd be here all day and you
know I got to drive, man. But the idea
is that they're taking the heavy stuff
and moving as much as they can from the
hand to the forearm and allowing
dexterity in the wrist while still
getting controls.
Uh
I will track down somebody who can
explain it um from their engineering
understanding. Uh, but you know, this is
obviously something exciting or you
wouldn't patent it. Average new UK
electric car price below petrol.
Uh, that's a problem for petrol, isn't
it? Forget long-term cost of ownership
or lifetime cost of ownership. This is
at price parody at the at the out the
door.
Every savings you get after that is just
extra. If for some reason your
electricity ends up costing as much as
your petrol, it's still a cheaper car
because it's cheaper today and the
maintenance is cheaper. So that's
a big tipping point potentially
in the UK. Canada trade minister meets
BYDong during China visit to pitch EV
investment. Not a surprise. With US
partners pulling back on their factories
in Canada,
what do you what do you want them to do?
If you don't want to dance with them,
you don't have the right to say they
don't get to dance with anybody.
That's uh at least what I learned on the
documentary television series Mory
Povich.
Musk touts report after Tesla claims it
has no new robo taxi crashes in Austin.
I did have someone in the comments
telling me about crash on a highway at
31 mph. I thought they meant Austin. I
couldn't find it. They corrected and
said it was in LA. I still couldn't find
it. Uh so this is the good safety news
that we wanted to see on Rootex. This is
what we were hoping to see months ago.
Now it's now we're there. So that's, you
know, good.
High gas prices are boosting EV sales
around the world. Will the US be left
out? Well,
yes. Uh, high gas prices are today. You
can clear the lots, but you can't
restock them very quickly. And Tesla
doesn't have a huge backlog of inventory
sitting around waiting, but they do have
some. And I mentioned Tesla because they
are the biggest in the US, at least for
now. And the other guys, well, there's
still some inventory, so hopefully
everybody gets in on it.
But high gas prices boosting EV sales
around the world. March was a record
month for EVs in Europe. Sales are also
booming in Asia and Australia. There's
more interest in the electric cars in
the US, but it comes amid slumping sales
as car makers pull back from electric
plans. And the whole car market was down
7% in Q1. Might have just been January,
but I think it was all of Q1. Auto sales
overall down 7% in the US. In Europe,
March was a record month of both pure
EVs and hybrids rising over the time
period. So, uh, Tesla in talks with
Michelin to test new airless tires. Now,
they are not, but I'm showing you this
article to give you an example of
journalistic integrity. Karan Singh did
the right thing. He got a report. He
believed it. He had reason to believe it
and he published it and then found out
no, not correct. While our original
story mentioned uh that they've begun
talks with Tesla to use airless tires,
Michelin since reached out to us and
denied it. We're leaving the story up
with this update at the top and
providing various sources for our
readers. The original article is below
intact.
This is how you do it. This is good
work. So,
forget electric, not a Tesla app. Better
place for news. Integrity. That's the
bottom line. That's where we're at. So,
now we have 10 minutes for the Q&amp;A. Ask
me anything. Let's have a chat. Uh,
let's find out what the uh chat's been
up to while I've been busy over here.
Howdy, everybody.
Let's see.
TBD says, "I watch nearly everything
Brian posts. Appreciate it." Okay.
Uh-huh. Good morning or afternoon. Mhm.
Why don't we see a single cyber cab uh
deployed? And I I believe the correct
answer is Frederick's answer.
Validation. H validation miles. Roll
them around empty.
Oh, let's see. I think there are still a
few very difficult hurdles to get over
before they can just turn them loose.
But it is inevitable. And the flags you
should be looking for are, are they
building them? Yes, they are. We've seen
times before where, for example, Lucid
was uh saying, "We're this is our sales
projection for the next for the coming
year." And it was a lie. And I knew it
was a lie because my old buddy Bob from
Bob's Bibs and Bobs, a part supplier, uh
who no longer works there sadly, told me
that uh no, we just got our orders in.
The next 16 months of orders has been
drastically scaled back. They're not
even planning to make that many cars,
but they were still guiding for it,
which is pretty dishonest. So, um, Tesla
actually building the cyber cabs.
Promising. Broken news is your favorite.
Howdy, digital blade. See what else we
got here. Wow, it's Brian. Thank you,
Michael. Uh, what kind of dork would
block Brian? Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know,
people get emotional. Yeah, it's fine.
doesn't bother me. Uh I have the facts
on my site and uh it doesn't seem like,
you know,
someone high-profile blocked me this
morning.
It's fine. Uh
let's
after the tester diner meet up. I slept
over 9 hours last night. I'm refreshed.
Does it show? Is my mood pretty good?
I'd imagine I would imagine SpaceX got a
good deal on the Cybert trucks
were the only company yet to get a good
deal because they are the only fleet
buyer of that size so far. So I could
imagine they did get a good it's
possible but not a better deal than
anyone else would get just
and Tesla does have fleet sales. They do
have a fleet sales division. I have seen
the office with my on balls in Fremont.
Uh Brian, uh apparently Spain and
Belgium next man up for supervised in
Europe. That's cool. Michael, thank you
for the for sharing that. I will look
into that. Big news week. It's still a
little of April left. Cry Cryo Cryognik,
thank you for the super chat. I
appreciate that. Uh well, maybe robo
taxi will have a material impact next
year. Yes.
Starts slow, gets bigger. Mega packs,
Wall Street wasn't even modeling it
until it was a big big business over a
hundred million a quarter in revenue. We
know because when they hit 100 million
in revenue for the quarter, they still
were years from covering it. So, are we
buying the dip today? I don't know. I
don't I don't have good strategies. I've
seen strategies that made sense. Dollar
cost averaging being one of them. if you
have strong conviction in something. The
other one being half of it to dollar
cost averaging and the other half you
hold on to in cash equivalents so that
when the actual stock gets below 30% of
the trailing 12-month average, whatever
it may be, whatever number your
financial advisor suggests, then they
put all of it in. I don't know. I have
been quite successful as a long-term
holder when I understand the vision of
something. I don't do as well as the
people who make more aggressive moves,
but I also don't have that appetite for
risk. Or will the stock tank further
after the earnings call? Maybe. That's
been known to happen. Uh, and again, I
am not covering it live on Wednesday.
Um, but watch Brad with Herbert. His
show is fantastic. I might buy cheese or
salsa dip, but no dry powder. I
understand.
Uh,
never bet against Elon. That's a
reasonable
It's a reasonable uh plan of action. Got
a few minutes left. Was Optimus serving
at the diner? No, Optimus was not there.
Um, we asked about it and then when that
didn't work, we begged about it and uh,
no. Uh up the popcorn
humans, man. Have you met them? Oh,
I guess at €300, we have found a Oh, a
bottom. How close are we to a national
regulation on autonomous vehicles? And
how friendly is the current
administration about doing the midterms?
Well, there were new rules passed that
make it a little bit better. A lot of
these regulations don't need to come
from Congress. It's a swipe of a pen. It
can be handled quickly. Unfortunately,
that means it can be unhandled quickly.
But I think that would be more difficult
because once you put a law, once you put
a regulation in place, uh
only have 2500. Whimo already has over
2500. These regulations are not uh
holding anything back at this time.
How long will it take to get anything
done? Couldn't tell you. Couldn't even
guess politics, you know. Um, sometimes
they have their own motivations,
sometimes they have some donor's
motivations, and sometimes they just
don't know what they're doing. I have
not looked into it sufficiently to have
reached a conclusion on this particular
case. Uh, please hit the like. Thank
you, DRK, for the reminder. Can someone
tell me how many likes we are up to?
We've only got a few minutes left. Uh,
have you heard any updates on the
wireless charging pads? No, but I don't
expect to because they're solved and
they're easy to deploy. You put them on
the ground, the car finds its way to
perfectly align a top it. The last we
heard was that the FCC had approved the
transmitters that allow the car to
perfectly line itself up for maximum
efficiency, and
they'll roll out when they roll out, but
I'm not worried about that. Uh-huh. We
need we need 100 people to hit the like.
I Please do. Uh, what did I miss?
When do you think us consumers will get
our hands on cyber cabs? I need that
money. Don't know. I'm hopeful that
that's still the plan that you and I
will be able to buy them, but I don't
know because they're going to make so
much money on their own in house. Why
would they want to share it if they
don't have to? But I don't know what
year Model 3 would I need to buy
uh to be eligible for FSD when it
happens.
Uh
well
my assumption is hardware 4 is
sufficient. That's my assumption.
Hardware 3 may become sufficient but we
don't know. So, if you can find a Model
3, if you're looking
pre-refresh
3 or Y, any used Model 3 or Y that has
hardware 4 and FSD already purchased
because it doesn't add 8,000 to the used
price yet.
One or two or maybe even 3,000 to the
price, but you'll just have it. That's
my advice.
Um, what? Let's see. Frederick, thank
you so much. I appreciate the super
chat. Um, thank you for the unbiased
reporting. I do my best. I try and keep
it real. Doesn't make me the most
popular, but at least I can sleep well
at night and know that if somebody uh
doesn't think I'm being ethical, they're
just mistaken.
You can buy any Tesla built because
they're all set up. But yeah, but you
want to stay in the last four years
since AI4. Agreed. Uh,
come see yeah, come see the live on
Herbert's channel. DRK will be there
moderating. It will be fun. Was the food
good at the diner? Yes, always good. We
had a slightly different menu. We did
get the grilled cheese sandwich, which I
wouldn't have tried otherwise. It was
fantastic. They had little sliders,
which tasted as good as the fullsize
burgers. They had little things of
fries, but they also had just like loose
bacon in a cup. It's delicious. Yeah, it
was great. Uh, when I arrived, we had 46
likes. Okay. 62 likes, 220 watching. 220
watching. H
I don't know. I think I feel okay about
that. Uh, yeah. Let's see what we've got
here. Um, good morning. All that. I'm in
Plano. Getting close. Hitting like burns
enough calories that you can eat an
extra doughnut. Go for it, Kanuk says.
And Kanuk, I should tell you, went to
medical school, not for a degree, just
to like visit
awful lot over a 45minute lunch. So
that's probably probably advice.
Not saying it's good advice, but it is
advice. Uh, and when you're in the
vicinity, stop by SpaceX HQ and take a
picture of the booster. I went to
Unplugged Performance on Friday to meet
with Ben and Danny and talk about
upfitting, about adding comfort springs
to cars, about doing all kinds of
different things, and about their
awesome Road Warrior wheels. And it is
absolutely in the shadow of SpaceX. Not
just that, but when you're pulling in, I
had to slow down in the parking lot and
wait for a
to be moved from one end to the other.
And the guy's like, "Sorry, sorry. No,
you No, no. Take your time. Take your
time. It's very cool. Uh, let's see. 81
likes now. Okay, I'll accept that. AI4
is more than sufficient. Come on. I I I
believe so, too. If you'd asked me two
years ago, I'd have said I'm not sure.
Now, I'm saying absolutely. Uh, let's
see. So, there we go. What did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. And everybody else,
stay tuned and juicy. And remember, I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots.
when I get home, I guess. Come on out
and see me on Saturday in Portland.
That's ova.org. You can do that, too.
Thanks, guys.