Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Strategies Investors Are Considering For SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlCg2wZ3JNY
Published:   2026-06-12 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-12 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Friday. It is SpaceX IPO day. And
I've got some questions. I'm sure you
all do as well. Where is this stock
going? Is it a good deal? Is it way too
much? Why is S&amp;P being so evil or so
overly generous? These are the questions
we're hoping to get to and through. I've
got uh Will Rind joining me. We're
delighted to have him join us. He's the
founder and CEO of Granite Shares. uh an
innovative ETF issuer known for its
cutting edge uh products in leverage
strategies, income solutions of
commodities like gold and thematic
investments. He's also uh been in the
industry for 25 years uh including
industry leadership roles like uh at
Eyesshares uh at the uh ETF securities
and the World Gold Council. Will, great
to have you on. Thanks for joining us.
Thanks, Brian. Thank you so much for
having me. Pleasure to be on.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, SpaceX, I don't know if you've
heard of this little company that makes,
uh, rockets and, uh, has some some
telecom going on, has some AI going on
that uh, this is going to be the biggest
IPO ever. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; That is right. Um, we've had some big
ones in the past, but this one breaks
all of those records. So definitely from
a historical perspective, financial
markets perspective coming to market as
the largest IPO ever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So what should uh what should we
expect to see uh as the market opens
today?
&gt;&gt; I think we're going to see quite a lot
of volatility. Um that's probably the
the one thing that we can say with some
certainty. Um but I think joking aside
that we if we believe the setup and we
have no reason not to uh in terms of how
much the IPO has been oversubscribed
you're talking about a level of roughly
four times overs subscribed um meaning
more demand than supply into what is you
know on a relative basis quite a small
free float for the stock. So I think
what you could see um is on the positive
side you could see quite a runup um in
terms of demand just because of the
small float the excess of demand here
where the stock runs up quite a bit. The
one kind of question mark really is this
overhang. Uh so on the other side on the
more bearish side it's the amount of
investors that have bought shares in
SpaceX over the years um from different
sort of parties and those shares are not
subject to to lock up and so what is the
behavior going to be of those investors
and you know how does that impact the
stock?
&gt;&gt; Very good point. So when a company goes
on the market they decide how much
percentage of it they're going to sell.
Are we going to sell half the company a
third? But are we going to sell darn
near all of it? It's a question of how
much money we need to raise and how much
control we wish to retain. What I hear
you saying is that the what is this 7 8%
of the stock will be floated on the IPO.
What I hear you saying is that that's
low. Now I have seen lower and that
created a lot of artificial uh
inflation. Vinfast comes to mind. They
only floated I think 2% of the company
at a much lower valuation. Uh is the
small float concerning? Um, I think it's
only concerning really from a shortterm
momentum perspective and a short-term
volatility perspective. You know, it is
still a large absolute number. Let's
let's, you know, not make any bones
about it that this is still in terms of
absolute dollars a huge amount of of
float for the market to digest. But yes,
as a percentage of the company, it's
relatively small. Have we seen outflows
from companies that are required to
register such things where they're
stocking up their their cash for the
purchase?
&gt;&gt; Um it it's difficult to tell um whether
it's actually manifested in terms of
outflows from other asset classes or
even other stocks. uh we certainly have
seen this from different bankers and
people close to the IPO um that we're
constantly hearing it's oversubscribed
and so from that perspective um we don't
know exactly uh what the actual end
result will be but I think it's fair to
say that you know there will be there
will be demand at the moment um this is
a global phenomenon of course it's not
just a US investor story or not even a
US retail investor story so I just came
back, Brian, from a trip to Japan um the
other week and you know, everybody's
talking about it there. So, this is your
capital's coming from all over the
world.
&gt;&gt; Those are uh interesting perspectives to
keep in mind that it's not just it's not
just me, it's not just funds, it's not
just this country. Uh now when we're
talking about these big funds um I think
I I don't try to get into the minds of
the people managing the funds but I
think it's a very exciting story and a
lot of them want to get in. Uh are any
of your funds already in SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; So the we as as you know Brian we are a
provider of ETFs. Um, we don't have any
ETFs that provide broad index ETFs that
have exposure to SpaceX because it's
still, you know, private company up
until this point. However, we're of
course launching um two leveraged ETFs,
SPAL, which will be a 2x long, SpaceX
and um SNK, which is a 2x short. Uh
those at the moment are slated for
Monday actually. Um, so that's when the
levered ETFs on SpaceX will launch and
they will give investors exposure to the
upside or the downside of the Tesla
stock price in leveraged form. So for
all the bulls and bears out there,
they'll have a way to to trade around
the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Now, you mentioned earlier that the
stock appears to be oversubscribed,
meaning there are a lot of people who
said 135, I'm in. Can I buy it today and
wait until it opens actually and the
number of people request the number of
shares requested is larger than the
allotment that they would provide. I
have seen I have a friend who uh was
looking to buy some company that he just
knew was going to go great. He requested
350 shares from Robin Hood. Robin Hood
granted him one share. uh which is worse
than zero because at I know you heard me
and the answer was one share. What a
slap. Uh so uh is that what we're
seeing? Are are we likely to see a lot
of people who first of all in my JP
Morgan account they will not let me
pre-by it. They will not give me the
option to even try. Uh but if uh are
there a lot of people who have signed up
who are saying I want 350, I want 3,000
shares who will get zero or one share uh
at the IPO?
&gt;&gt; I think the the honest answer is we
don't know at this stage. Um that will
all come out in the wash, you know, as
the company goes public and as more data
points get uh reported to the market. At
this point, we're just going by, you
know, what we hear, which is that it's
overs subscribed. there has been a
really large uh allocation to retail. So
about 30% of the float my understanding
um has been allocated to retail
investors. But like you say that doesn't
mean to say you're going to get an
allocation. That still means that you
can ask or some people you know people
have subscribed or asked for an
allocation but they may not have gotten
an allocation based upon where demand
sits. I mean I think that um demand is
is certainly there. that news that the
company published about the deals with
the AI infrastructure deals with Google
Anthropic probably helped um at the
margin perhaps to accelerate some more
of that demand. Um but yeah, I mean
ultimately it'd be interesting to see,
you know, how retail investors um were
able to actually participate when we
start getting some of that data back.
&gt;&gt; And I think it's going to be a wild day
for sure. when companies first go
public, like you mentioned, there's
going to be a lot of people who are not
lock on lockup uh employees, former
employees, uh who can I'm just thinking
property values in Brownville, Texas may
be going up next week, uh because there
will be a fresh batch of newly minted
millionaires. Those people can liquidate
or at least shave their position a bit.
We saw that with Meta when it went
public. All the insiders wanted to get
at least a little bit of cash. There can
be a lot of volatility. There's a lot of
interest in this. This is a very
high-profile IPO. How big of a swing in
either direction could people expect to
see just in the first day?
&gt;&gt; Well, the the honest answer is who
knows. Um but you know certainly we've
seen some of these IPOs go public. Um
and that let's talk about more recently.
Let's not talk about IPOs that happened
years ago, but more recently, you know,
we've seen quite big swings uh in the
market. So, I mean, could we see if it
opens if it opens today 135, could we
see $200? Uh it's possible. Um and
certainly if enough m momentum gets
behind it but of course the converse is
also true that it could trade down if
you start to see a lot of insiders and I
don't mean insiders that are working at
the company today and are subject to the
lock up but people that uh either left
the company offloaded their shares a
long time ago they're selling you know
that could be the opposite and we could
see a big swing in the in the downward
direction as well. Mhm. So, uh it's not
crazy to think it could be 50% higher or
50% lower by the end of the day. Uh but
I think what I hear you saying is uh
just sit back. The first weeks might be
a roller coaster. The more time that
passes, the more it's likely to
stabilize a bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think at the company of that
valuation, hopefully that size, 50%
would be certainly an extreme move.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um, so hopefully it won't be as big
as 50%. But, you know, certainly could
swing I think 10 to 20% in each
direction.
&gt;&gt; I think people would be happy to a lot
of the people who want it at 135 would
be happy to buy it at, you know, 149.
Um, I think that would uh make a lot of
people very pleased. Uh, so any uh
strategies or advice for risk mitigation
for those people who are looking to buy
on day one? Um I think if it's risk
mitigation probably the honest answer is
not to participate on day one and wait
for wait for it to settle um a little
bit in either direction. I think the
trading on day one is for people that
are really having a strong conviction
one way or the other. So I talked to
some people who are firmly on the upward
momentum train and who firmly believe
it's going higher. I talk to others who
don't buy the valuation at all and are
looking for it to to come down. So I
think the day one is for people that you
know hold that conviction and are
expecting the stock to go up or down
over the day and are looking for a way
to play it.
&gt;&gt; Now uh let's talk about the valuation.
It is it's a big valuation. This is a
company that has a lot of irons in the
fire but none of them ready to quite
pull out and forge into a sword. Uh
we've got some very serious revenue on
Starlink. We've got a fresh bunch of
revenue from XAI uh compute as a
service. Um a lot of money going in for
tokens on on XAI, but really the story
is renting it out to others right now.
When you look at it, do you think the
valuation is too high? Much too high
about right? I think anybody, you know,
realistically, if you're a buyer,
the valuation is not really something
that you're focused on. It it can't be.
Um because by anybody's definition, the
valuation is high. Um you're talking
about
a company that on a revenue basis is
trading what somewhere somewhere in the
region of high7s uh 70 times revenue um
versus Nvidia at 22 times which is one
of the most profitable companies in the
world and has you know probably the
strongest moat around at the moment from
an AI perspective. So, you know, I think
if you were looking at it purely through
a valuation metric, it's difficult to
justify
um why the valuation makes sense. So, I
think just like Tesla, the stock, it's
not a valuation story because the people
buying it are clearly believing or are
very much um
you know in in the future growth in a
future state of the company. It's about
the possibility. It's about the future.
It's about the different revenue lines
and businesses that the company has and
it's about tomorrow what the company can
be as opposed to you know thinking about
the valuation today from a pure sort of
fundamental perspective. So I think
anybody really that's buying into this
just like Tesla I don't think it's a
pure valuation story. It's about uh it's
a future belief story. You know what do
you think about Starling? What's your
view on stling? What's your view on AI,
AI infrastructure? What's your view on
rocket business and opportunity
potential opportunities of space? That's
what the story is about. I think the
valuation is secondary. For those where
the valuation is first, I think it's
very difficult for for them to get on
board with that and that's why they're
probably, you know, not going to
participate or will be more inclined to
short. When someone says, "I care more
about the PE than anything," I say
CocaCola, Costco. There are some good
options out there. If you were strictly
to look at price to earnings ratio, you
never would have bought Tesla. I bought
Tesla when there was no PE ratio because
uh because I could see things that
others couldn't. And if you have
eyeballs, you can go outside on some
nights and see Starlink for yourself. Uh
it's not super common, but you can do
it.
&gt;&gt; So, we've got a situation where there
was a brief flirt from the S&amp;P saying,
"Well, maybe we'll include this early to
the S&amp;P 500." Now, it looks like there
will be a 12month delay. We concerned
about that? Is that prudent? Is that
fair, unfair? I mean, I think the the
one thing regardless of whether you like
that or not, I mean, this goes to the in
part to your valuation question, Brian,
and to your point about, you know, how
does the stock trade? So, one, if you're
in the bull camp, clearly one of the
arguments that that you're going to make
is that passive funds, large legions of
passive funds have to buy the stock if
the underlying IS if SpaceX is in the
index, so like the NASDAQ 100 for
example. So passive funds will have to
buy and they buy irrespective of price.
Price doesn't even factor into the
equation. One millisecond you have to
buy. So going back to the S&amp;P probably
the first thing that will surprise
majority of people is people think that
the SM S&amp;P 500 is an index that is
purely rules-based. In other words,
there's a uh criteria that gets you into
the S&amp;P 500 and if you meet that
criteria, then bang, you're
automatically in. That's actually not
how it works. The S&amp;P ultimately the
index has a committee. So, this is
actually a committee of people that will
make a human decision about whether a
stock should be included or not. So in
that respect, perhaps to some degree,
the irony is that although the S&amp;P 500
is arguably the most famous index in the
world, there's an argument to say it's
not actually an index at all. It's an
active, you know, philosophy. Um, and
you know, from that perspective, that
committee has decided that you they
won't automatically
include this IPO and there'll be a
seasoning. So I think it's a it's you
know clearly it's positive for the stock
longer term but it won't be part of the
immediate momentum story to the extent
there is one over the first few days and
weeks and I think that holding off for a
year is reasonable. If you want the
stock, buy the stock. If you want
something more conservative with a
little bit of uh exciting upside like an
S&amp;P indexed fund, uh you'll get it once
it quiets down a bit. Uh we got to let
it quiet down.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I was just going to say again
that I think you're exactly right. Like
if you got to believe in the stock, you
got to believe in the company. Just
because it's going into an index
shouldn't be reason to buy. Um that
that's just a a factor of the market
because it can easily reverse. So that
can't be your decision to buy. It just
has to be, you know, maybe part of the
bullcase of course, but ultimately it's
about the company and your belief in the
company.
&gt;&gt; So are you telling me that all those
decisions I made based on peer pressure
may not have had the best foundation of
decision- making involved.
&gt;&gt; I think that's
&gt;&gt; if
they're based around passive funds
buying maybe. Huh. So, I will be live
streaming uh that market opening to see
what happens. Guys, if you're around,
come back for that. That'll be a lot of
fun. I don't know what it's going to
look like. It's going to look bizarre.
Uh I'm going to treat it like I do a
product event or a rocket launch. We're
going to just see what happens.
Questions will be open. Comments will be
will be addressed. Well, I want to thank
you so much for uh giving us your
valuable time. I uh think this was a
very insightful and eye-opening
conversation and I uh welcome you back
anytime you like uh on a variety of
topics. Uh so guys, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below.