Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock RALLIES Today
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npZoNtcuUr0
Published:   2026-06-29 19:12 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

live today on this beautiful Monday. It
is a beautiful Monday because for once
we have a good day for Tesla. Not just
good, outrageously good, but if then you
take a step back and we go all the way
back seven days ago, five trading days,
we were pretty much exactly here, a
little bit lower. So yes, today was a
very good day, but also a very good day
after a very bad week. And that is
important to take a step back and
understand why is Tesla rallying so
much. Well, it's not rallying. It's
going back exactly where it was a week
ago. Look at this. I have to probably
here we were here four or five. We went
a little higher than that. And now we
are back at 412. Why? Because Tesla is
making progress step by step and
everything is fine. And there was no
reason for the drop as I said. Now, did
I lose some percentage points alpha
here? Yes. I'm still below where I was
last Monday because it was a brutal
drop. I had to reshuffle. I bought some
calls, of course, that paid off very
nicely. I already got rid of them
because that's what you do with
short-term calls. When you have a win
like this, a huge win. I sold them at
412 uh 409
and I'm now back in the short put
position. But let's not talk about
tactics too much. Let's talk about what
actually happened here. First of all, we
were massively oversold. Second of all,
the NASDAQ has is having a nice recovery
after Iran is over again and again and
again. I told you guys, but
Iran is now officially over again. And
it's becoming more and more clear to the
market this is just over this whole war.
Uh so we're up 2% in the market which
means Tesla should naturally be up 4%
just if Tesla wouldn't have any energy
in itself and Tesla is up twice as much
8%. Very nice. Why could that be? It's
nearly 9% now. Now it's getting really
high there. It is because Morgan Stanley
in my opinion
actually amped up its delivery
estimates. All of us knew that
deliveries will be very good. I never
play the delivery game. I'm not coming
up with specific numbers. I'm doing it
more qualitatively where I'm basically
assessing will we beat or will we not
beat? Will we be surprised? Will we have
a very strong quarter? We had all these
incidences. We have all the indications
and science. Europe very strong, 100% up
year-over-year in China looking very
good. And now finally Morgan Stanley
came out and said we look at very good
deliveries. I think that is the main
reason the stock is up. Not Cyber Cap,
not last comments. We will get into this
in a second. We had other good news, but
they're all qualitative news. That's not
why the market would drive up Tesla so
much. I think it's the deliveries and
that is a very important point because
because that means the other good news
is not priced in here and people have
mocked me in June. I was terribly wrong
in June. I agree. I said 490. I said
CyberCap is going to launch very likely
in my opinion. So far it didn't happen.
I still have one day to go, but it's
probably not going to happen. Uh but
everyone sees the ramp. Everyone
anticipates it. So I think we have a
very long long long way from here up to
490. I'm sticking with my guns. I think
I was a little wrong, but not very much
wrong. I think this is going to happen.
And I do not think that today's rally
had anything to do with that. I think
it's a fundamentally driven rally based
on the basic things like deliveries and
that is probably good news. But it also
means that in my opinion
we will run the risk here to not just
continue steep up. I would be a little
cautious. We don't know what the
NASDAQ's going to do tomorrow. Maybe we
consolidate here. That's why I sold the
calls and switched back to my short put
strategy. I'm heavy short puts again
with a 405, 400, 40750
and 410 and 412. So I stack, you know,
stacked it a little bit very light on
the 41250
uh strike price because you never know.
I think a pullback here is totally
possible. totally possible after this
runup uh there is a resistance around
405 to 410 just empirically that's what
we saw at the same time
am I confident we see a breakout in C490
in July yes I was confident in June I'm
more confident now let's see about that
why am I so confident because when you
look at the latest news it's just piling
up again and again more and more and
people have mocked me. I was a little
wrong on June, but I was not
fundamentally wrong. I was qualitatively
spoton and perfectly right. I pointed
out cyber cap is scaling. I pointed out
with every cyber cap that runs off the
line, with every cyber cap that's being
deployed all over the place, it becomes
exponentially more likely that something
will happen. So, let's go into cybercap
news. We have some very important news
here. Um,
number one, when you look at this, Texas
has now also officially integrated the
connected autonomous vehicles, first
responder interaction plans. I covered
this yesterday, there was a first
responder interaction plan, very
comprehensive stuff coming out for the
United States, for Texas, and also
specifically for Arizona. Uh, these are
the documents Tesla needs to operate the
cyber caps. And there are lots of effort
to make, lots of legal reviews. They all
came out yesterday and they're already
integrated now in the Texas Department
of Public Safety page, which is the
precondition for launch.
Does it mean they launched tomorrow? No.
But it means someone took a lot of
effort to make this happen. Now,
another important signal that cyber
capab is coming. Then we had this
ominous
&gt;&gt; things happening on the campus of Texas
and I can't talk about it right now, but
it's part of the scaling effort. So all
right so in a week from Tuesday there'll
be some cool news.
&gt;&gt; So here we have Lass Moravi who is of
course the most important man at Tesla.
He's the head of engineering
and look what he's saying. Very
interesting.
&gt;&gt; All right. So in a week from Tuesday
there'll be some cool news about things
happening on the campus at Texas and I
can't talk about it right now but as
part of the scaling effort.
All right. So, in a week,
&gt;&gt; so what lass was saying here, I don't
know if you caught this, but next week,
Tuesday, July 7th, after July 4th
weekend, very big July 4th, 250 years,
but on Tuesday, next week,
there is some cool news coming that have
to do with scaling effort. And he can't
say more. I don't know what that means,
but it's another ominous sign that
something is happening here. Of course,
last take my uh quad, not last Joe Tech.
How can I confuse the name Joe?
Uh he's commenting and he's more cyber
caps as we see all the time. Look at
this.
Maybe it's too loud. Let's turn it down.
You're seeing the cyber caps
rolling off every single day of the line
lining up again and again in Texas
Gigafactory. This is happening now. Here
Sawya Merit, the great Sawya is telling
us now in Dallas, not Houston. This time
Dallas, we have se over 70 cyber caps.
Now this looks like AI. I hope it's not
AI. over 70 cyber caps in the parking
lot in Dallas. That's nearly 100. 70 is
nearly 100. And we know that in Houston,
they're also stacking these things up
like crazy. I mean, look at this. Why do
you think they're doing this? Probably
because they want to do something with
them. This is not sustainable
to sit there and nothing is actually
happening,
right? So we see increasing increasing
density of information
that cyber cap is prep preparing. And so
what does it all mean for this move
today?
As I said, I think this is Morgan
Stanley news. I think this is delivery
news in conjunction with a very strong
NASDAQ of 2.8% up. I think we might
consolidate here a little bit unless we
have more news coming out now. But I do
think we are ready to run. And don't
forget this ridiculous action we saw.
Look at this. This U completely
ridiculous was the ultimate buying
opportunity. For the first time in a
very long time, I bought the bottom with
a heavy call position that I was very
happy to get rid of today after this
crazy rally. I got extremely lucky
because normally the timing is not that
precise, but I knew this is completely
oversold. I needed to do something.
These were August expiration calls. 380
strike price made roughly 100% and it
was a very significant
position. So that lifted me up, but I
had also extreme losses here. So all in
all, I'm back where I was here, a little
below still, but now I have some short
puts following through. Uh that is the
situation for July. I remain very very
bullish, very bullish. And every time
you feel down and beaten up, that's most
often you have to be cautious, but
that's most often the point where you
have to double down. Be cautious, of
course, but in this case or you can just
follow my channel. I will tell you what
I think because I'm going through the
same and I'm making the right decisions
here. I said like I need to absolutely
double down and get back here
because the risk of dropping more was
not too high. So that is happening. What
else is happening here with Tesla?
Before we go to your questions, we do a
little live session today because I had
to spontaneously. I recorded a very nice
video on Grock, but we will postpone
this to tomorrow. The political video
still in the works. Citizen vigilante,
by the way, now number one, also on
Apple. Ridiculous success. The most
successful German movie of all time.
$750,000 budgets, by the way. Citizen
Vigilante now number one on Apple and on
Amazon in the United States.
Unbelievable
success. You have to watch this movie.
If you're American, you probably don't
totally get it. You just think, "Oh,
nice action movie. What's the big deal?"
But if you know anything about Europe,
this movie is nuts. It is the greatest
piece of art I've seen in a very long
time because it is brave. That's
actually a brave movie.
So just a little side note, political
side note here. Faboten in Deutsland.
Uh the German state tries to ban this
thing.
Number one movie on Apple. Unbelievable.
Here Patrick David is even posting about
this 293,000
uh
views. just that it's like the
unbelievable success because it it shows
that if artists have a little bit of
guts if they show some not show some
balls that sounds perverted if they have
some balls find back their balls and
actually do something that's important
they will get rewarded I mean on a money
side like just just imagine that beats
Hail Mary $250 million production movie
with Ryan Gosling beaten now by this
thing so unbelievable stuff. Just saying
I'm working on a video on this too. We
have to also cover politics from time to
time or this is more culture than
politics. Uh while we are looking
at Tesla stock and being very happy that
it makes us more rich. Let's see what
the chat has to say.
Uh let's go.
I'm an American in Switzerland and I
100% get it. Well, builders foresight
that doesn't count if you're an American
in Switzerland. Yes. then you're a very
informed American. Not that Americans
are not formed, but of course it's tough
if you're sitting somewhere in Minnesota
to really well in Minnesota you probably
get it. If you're sitting in Idaho, it's
not easy to get the sentiment in France
or UK or Germany, but in Switzerland,
absolutely.
So, thanks builder builder's foresight.
Let's see what you guys have to say. Go
to the very beginning. I will use my new
technology here. Builder's foresight was
also the first here. I can blend in.
See, isn't that amazing?
And you guys can always Yeah. Right.
Right says I have sound. I Today was a
special show. I thought why not switch
on the sound. Special show with sound.
Droid. Hello Droid. Good to have you
back. Dennis Honda. It's such a bouncy
stock. I still love it. Well, it it
bounced me a little bit to death. It was
like annoying.
I am down. Just to be clear, I'm not I'm
still not recovered from last Monday. It
was absolutely brutal what happened. But
and today was a ridiculous. I'm not even
going to tell you guys like my
percentage ups and downs. This is like
not even good. But I knew that was going
to happen. I needed to be a little bold
here. And even though I had by far the
best day in two years, uh it's not a
it's not a reason to celebrate because I
had the absolute worst day last Monday.
I I was not prepared for this drop. So
Gregory Collins, could this consider to
be a bounce? What do you mean, Gregory?
It is a bounce. You know, it's it's a
bounce back where we were, but of course
a little less.
So yeah, I kind of consider it a bounce.
Uh sound works. Everyone's so excited
about the sound. I'm very happy that
people are happy about the sound.
Uh singing tao, what is your July
prediction for the price? And sing to I
said it yesterday. Uh I think it's all a
function of cyber cap and I think this
time I will be more right. I'm not going
to jinx it again, but I mean
I mean something is in the works
and when it happens we go to alltime
highs. Are we going beyond? That depends
how much they deploy. But if they
deploy,
you know, 24, 36, 48, we are going to
490.
Uh 70 X7. Hello. Enjoy the channel.
Welcome to the channel. Finally 2% up.
That is very good. SpaceX also up a lot
today. I didn't even check SpaceX. I
still have my short calls on SpaceX and
they will print, of course. I don't even
care. They are like at 200. SpaceX up
7%. SpaceX is ridiculous. Uh I have 200
short calls. 80% gain, but I'm going to
keep them because this thing is not
going to go to 200. If it goes to 200,
that's good to short it a little bit
more. I don't want to create any hate
here, but I'm a shorter for SpaceX.
Calls out of the money. Great premium.
You get ridiculous price. there will be
a massive wave of selling coming on
SpaceX just for technical reasons
starting in August. I think there's
absolutely no way SpaceX survives that
on that price level. What happens
between August and November? I think it
will be a blood bath. That's what I
think. And once the blood bath has
happened and the stock will bottom out
somewhere, I don't know where. I don't
care where, but it's significantly below
that. very likely significantly below
135.
Uh then I will be a very strong buyer,
an insanely strong buyer.
Uh
so, hi Joe. So glad I pulled the reload
trigger at 370 USD. Good job. Capuccino
can buy a flat white with that. Uh maybe
even more. Congrats 70. Uh, best stock
to get rich if invested smartly and play
the game patiently. Absolutely, Janice.
So, what do we have here? Mate, mate,
mate, Matai, Matai.
Uh, yeah, some say it's going up because
of version 14 for a light eight hardware
3 car. So, they rolled out the new FSD
version for the old cars. I don't think
anyone cares about that other than Tesla
fans. The market doesn't care. I think
it's Morgan Stanley and deliveries.
That's what I think.
Uh yeah, I think this all doesn't count.
I think this happened all the time. No
one was listening to me. You guys have
to understand a lot of institutional
investors don't care about any of this
stuff. They care about Morgan Stanley
saying deliveries and just buy the
stock.
Uh pile of good news. It's true.
Uh, Briman says, "Hello, Joe. I'm late,
but I'm here." That is all that counts.
By the way, we are preparing something
ridiculously awesome. I can't even Did I
tell anyone about this? Oh, I I said it
in the Grock video, but uh that video is
not out yet. We are preparing something
very cool in Pioneer Lands. Very cool. I
will present it hopefully on Sunday,
maybe in beta. We will have a new
portfolio management
kind of app more like a widget. We will
have a new area for you guys where you
can put in your stocks and stuff like
that and then see stuff happening,
right? So, it's like a finance app. But
here's the thing. Here's why you have to
join Pioneer Lands. It's not there yet.
I hope next Sunday. It will be a white
page. It will have a widget. You can put
in all your portfolio holdings, but also
your private holdings, your real estate,
whatever you have, and have a nice
overview. It's beautiful. But here's the
point. That whole thing will be Dropne
powered. In case you didn't know what
Dropne is, Dropne is our agentic super
AI that we built open claw out of the
box for you guys. You don't need to be
technical. You get a fullon agentic
system and that will be integrated into
the finance system and that means you
guys can code not even code you guys can
vibe code any finance widget you have
ideas about I hope we can launch it on
Sunday maybe we take a little longer but
on Sunday so you should definitely join
me on Sunday
and what that means is you can just type
whatever you want you can say I want a
you know a risk management system. Build
a risk management system with with your
financial data that you can put in. You
can It has your own database. You build
your own database and the agents do it
for you. You can do whatever you want.
You can have a a family budget planning
tool and connect it to your portfolio.
You can do whatever you want and it will
be one click and you have an input thing
and can chat with your own finances and
create any UI and any connected database
you want without having to do anything.
It's going to be
Hot,
hot.
Okay, enough of that. I'm just very
excited about it. So, Kellyquist asks,
"Are we ready for the new 2020 run?" No,
we are not ready, but we're getting
ready probably in the second half of
2026, obviously, because we're there
now.
Uh, Briman says, "I missed the reason
why we went up so much." I said, "I'm
pretty sure it's this year." Briman
Morgan Stanley and it might sound boring
for you guys, but that's what it is.
Morgan Stanley said has increased its
forecast for Tesla second quarter
vehicle deliveries after stronger than
expected sales trends in Europe and
China. Although the bank continues to
take a cautious view of the company's
energy storage business. The brokerage
now expects Tesla to deliver around
413,000
vehicles during the second quarter, up
from its previous estimate of
approximately 373,000. That's a giant
lead, by the way. And maybe for you guys
it's boring. It was obvious and
everything, but this is Mong Stanley
saying it, which means when Mong Stanley
said that says that they're sending an
email out to all clients, which is, I
don't know, probably
I think it's easily a third or more of
all institutional funds with Tesla
because they are, you know, client of
Mong Stanley means like you're not just
a client of Mong Stanley, you're a
client of multiple people from multiple
sites. So, you're getting these updates.
So they reach an enormous number of
institutional investors and these little
dummies they just read like oh buy more
Tesla and that's it.
Um Tesla Autonomy UK says turn up the
audio. What is what's up with the audio
by the way? So if I share an X video is
it that loud because I always turn down
the volume but maybe it doesn't work and
it's still loud. I don't know what's
going on.
Uh Micro Strategy are big too. Well,
micro I don't even understand what
people do with micro strategy. Like I
have Micro Strategy. I don't know what
the market does with this thing. Like
what's wrong with people? Why did they
drop Micro Strategy like a stone was so
dumb and now it's up 13%. Like so dumb.
And and it's not because of Bitcoin.
It's because Sailor suddenly said he's
going to sell Bitcoin. So he's he he
will have enough money to buy back some
shares. Like how dumb is this whole
thing? It's like no news. Like people
are a little crazy. I don't know. I
don't get it
with Micro Strategy. The market is just
not getting it. Tesla is just on a
complete tear today. 413.
That's crazy. I hope it doesn't go up
much more because I'm losing some alpha
at some point because my short puts are
maxed out. You know, 400. Most of my
short puts are at 405
and for
my new short puts. I have old ones also
expiring all the way down at 390. They
made me a lot of money. But uh yeah, it
shouldn't go up much more. I need to
reshuffle first.
I am betting on Tesla not running up
much more for one or two days. But let's
see. I could be wrong and then I'm
losing out a little alpha. I mean, I'm
not losing money, but you guys get it.
Then my short puts don't really pull
anymore.
So, let's see. And I'm I have a good
buffer. If it drops back to four or
five, I lose nearly nothing.
Burton says, "I ran now officially over
again. Really, Joe is the pretend expert
on everything." No, I'm a pretend expert
on geostrategy and I'm always perfectly
right. I was a little off on the timing
on Iran, but I told everyone this is not
a war. The US can afford they will be
forced out of the war. And I said it
first, and I was 100% right, as you see
now.
Corporate Corporate Hill says it's an
Uvo ball movie. I know we are talking
about vigilante again.
I mean it's a total be movie. Let's not
kid ourselves. This is a total be movie
in terms of execution quality. The the
shooting scene where he kills all the
SWAT team members is ridiculous. Like
such a waste of action. Say like why did
why was it so bad? like watch some
Terminator. Look how Arnold does it.
Like this was a super lame execution. I
was like, "Dude, really? You kill all
these people for this? You should make
it like cooler." But it's fine. This is
about art. It's not about execution.
It's about having the balls to do it.
Um
so Janice GS says why did you why did
you buy call leaps in August rather than
expiring in December for higher strike
price and then if really in July always
close early
because this was a very tactical move of
me. It was intended to be sold fast.
Okay. Or at the at the moment I make big
gains which was literally two days
later. Two days. Yeah. So I sold it
today. I'm out. Uh so sometimes and for
these short running things of course my
leverage was much higher in August
expiration. I mean I bought how much did
I pay? I paid 25 bucks for 380 strike
price. That's ridiculously cheap. If you
go December, you pay way more. Way more.
Uh
here Amy Neman, that's a very German
name. Amy Neman says, "We watched the
movie and it was great. We are
Americans." Very good, Amy. I watched I
mean I love this was the perfect movie.
I loved this movie.
Uh Kelly Quiz says, "I'm just a Tesla
hoarder. That's better than being a
Tesla trader. I was damaged after
several years living in Germany. I know
I'm missing out, but I sleep well."
I was damaged.
I can relate, Kelly. Um no, you're not
missing out. I'm just more greedy.
That's all there is. Accumulating Tesla
and doubling down all the time makes you
very happy in the end. It's totally
fine. We don't all need to create crazy
alpha.
Uh Droid. Yeah. So it too totally
understandable. It got censored here in
Germany. If you're German or French or
British and you watch this movie, you
can't even believe what's happening. I
mean, you would be thrilled, but you
can't like how the guy kills the judges.
I do laugh so hard. That's unbelievable
because everyone is secretly dreaming of
that, but no one would ever like, oh
yeah, kill the judges. You feel like
wrong. Americans don't care. You have
all these revenge movies and judges get
killed all day long and police people.
But in Europe, it's like more
politically incorrect. Uh even though
it's more necessary than in the United
States. Uh, and uh, it's like such a
mind liberator this movie for Europeans.
I think for Americans, if I put my
American hat on, you know,
when I lived in LA, I would have seen
the movies like, yeah, it's a nice
action movie. But in Europe, it just has
a totally different feel. It feels so
foroten.
It's not for Boden, by the way. It's for
Botan
one. Once again, glad I bought the dip.
Sauron. Sauron. Wow, we have Sauron of
Middle Earth. Sauron of Middle Earth,
isn't Sauron in Modto? Well, maybe it's
a special Sauron. So glad to have Sauron
also on board here. That's pretty
amazing.
Briman, do you think we will see 380
again? Well, we have to be cautious,
right? This is that's why I'm that's why
I switched from my long calls into short
puts because that actually gives me more
flexibility when we go down. I have I
can easily survive a drop to 400. I can
make a lot of money even if you drop to
four or five. Uh
but with the calls you lose massive
amounts of money if you have a pullback.
So I think we ran a lot today. I do not
think this is cyber cap news. You know
we are all excited about cyber cap. I
don't think it's cybercap. I think it is
Morgan Stanley and I think cybercap is
not going to scale this week. So, you
know, who knows what happens to say it
could be a lame last Moravi thing and
they just say something about Optimus or
something. So,
worst case we consolidate here, market
gets weak again, even though I don't
think so, but market takes a breather
after this little rally
and then people get doubts again about
cyber cap and we go back to 390 or
whatever. It can absolutely happen. But
as I said before, we are now in this
very critical moment in time where at
any moment in time, much more likely
than not, I was wrong on June, but that
just means I'm going to be even more
right on July. With every month that
goes by, the odds go up exponentially.
The wall is coming. And so the trick is
if nothing happens, we might slide down.
But you can't just not be in that stock
right now. We are at the precipice of
something enormous. If you see a major
slide, I might play the little call
trick again. I think we are on a crazy
up trajectory with potential pullbacks
in between.
Right now, every pullback is an absolute
double down situation and opportunity,
but you have to be cautious not to be
marginal called or anything because if
it drops to to 390 and something bad
happens, it could drop to 370 again. You
need to survive these drops and you need
to be able to double down and you need
to stay in and double down when it's
down but not in a way that can squeeze
you out. These are the rules
and then you will be very happy
here. Builders foresight says I had the
public transport experience personally.
It was very tiring. Never expected it in
Switzerland. All European countries are
completely messed up at this point. It's
very different from the United States.
Uh in the US, first of all, you don't
take public transport. In Europe, you're
used to being able to do that. But it's
right now very dangerous because of the
migrant problem and it's absolutely
ridiculous and people get extremely
angry. That's why the citizen vigilante
movie is so big.
Uh Roy says, "Hi Joe. Still waiting for
the fable ban video and the questions on
the website. Last time I'm asking, I
promise. Thumbs up for Germany in 1
hour. Oo, Germany is playing
Paraguay, by the way.
Young Dave, where do you see the upside
running up to earnings? I have to think
earnings more um
a little bit more when it comes closer.
But I'm telling you this is not too much
about earnings. This is really about
cyber cap and cyber cap might happen
before earnings.
uh
main driver of today's rally. I said
Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley's upgrade
for deliveries.
And uh Roy is asking, "What do you think
about the
BIS AI bubble report?" I haven't seen
any AI bubble report. It's probably
dumb, but if you send it to me, I can
take a look. Um
Bees, what is this?
I believe the pieces are becoming easier
for even nontechnical people to
understand. Well, merchant, I'm not
sure. You will be surprised how ignorant
a lot of people are.
That is our alpha and opportunity.
People are not going to anticipate cyber
cap too much. They're going to wait and
then it scales and then they all get it.
What do you think SpaceX will bottom out
at? Uh builders foresight. I don't know.
I am not making any price cycles on
SpaceX because it's a momentum stock. It
it is overvalued by every possible
metric. Even though I think it's very
hot and it's kind of undervalued on a
DCF level, but most people wouldn't
understand that. So, you can't bet on
that. And uh I think
uh it's not a price where it bottoms out
in my mind. It's a timeline. It bottoms
out in November or December when the
selling pressure is over. And you know
if it's at 90 then then it bottoms out
at 90. If it's 130 it bottoms out at
130. I think it's much more on a
timeline than on a price point.
Can anyone guess the announcement on
Tuesday? No. I have actually no idea.
I have no idea what it is. It's maybe
overrated. I don't know. I don't know
what it is.
But likely it's overrated. By the way,
Tesla Autonomy UK, I think there will be
I don't think it's going to be a big
announcement. It is like, oh, we are
expanding the factory here. So great,
but who knows? Thinks we can reach
all-time high this week on deliveries if
the numbers are really good. Corporates
Hill. No, I think that rally is kind of
over. I think the deliveries are now
priced in. This was a big rally today.
Understand? Don't double down on these
things, right? If the news are priced
in, the news are priced in, deliveries
come out, they beat everything, the
stock drops or something, you know, sell
the news. So I I think that that thing
is now priced in
Tuesday next week. Robo taxi go live a
announcement. No. Uh Lass said it has to
do with expansion of the factory.
So it's not going to be that.
Uh here Sauron
says, "Can you touch on this topic of uh
California's new AB1777
where they all need remote operators?"
Um,
so let me see.
Uh,
I don't know if they need uh
this is like here it's the news. Um,
it's not really that. It's not a big
deal. Sauron, it's funny that your name
is Sauron. Um, it's not that. They just
require it's it's about police
interactions. They want to pull over the
vehicle and everyone needs to be able to
uh telephone into the robo taxi to talk
to the police. Not a big deal. You just
hire one dude who's sitting there for 1
million robo taxis. And if they get
pulled over, the robo taxi calls him and
he talks to the police. Totally not a
big deal.
MNF below one for micro strategy. Was it
below one?
Really? I didn't get this. I thought
it's still 1.5 or something. 05.
Uh crazy how we all get excited for
Tesla to just get back to an average
price. Exactly.
Uh my 1,200 shares of Tesla are looking
fine right now.
Yeah, that was a nice day for 1,200
shares up 31.
$31
times 1,200
that is 36,000 bucks. A good day. Every
every day you make 36,000 bucks, it's a
good day. Um, when we see the Optim
Swarm swarm the lot in Dallas and start
wiping down all the parked cyber caps,
that's when we will know we're ready to
go. Well, it will take a while.
490 by tomorrow, Joe. I would say no.
Stop giving spoilers of the movie,
right? Ma, it doesn't matter. This is
one of these movies where spoilers
literally don't matter. Like, this is
one of these movies where spoilers don't
matter because you just watch it again
and again. It's just fun to watch
because it's finally someone does
something. There are tens of millions of
Europeans, tens of millions of
Americans, tens of millions of
Canadians, for sure, tens of millions of
Canadians, like all of them who think
finally someone does something, which is
pretty dark because it's kind of a
vigilante, but I mean it's just a great
movie.
Where's James Bond today? I don't know
here. Mate, mate, mate says, "Three
weeks at most for Cyber Cap. Now it's
getting like into this betting game,
even though it's much more than a
betting game because this is about much
more money than you would normally bet."
Uh, when is the launch?
I know I let everyone down on my May and
June predictions, but every time I'm
wrong, I'm just becoming exponentially
more right about the probability the
next month. So, I'm just getting more
and more convinced that it's happening
in July. Now, I said maybe in May. May
is probably the inflection point. That's
what I said. It didn't happen. Then I
said, I'm pretty sure, well, I have a
high conviction, a higher conviction
something is going to happen in June.
And now that it didn't happen, I tell
you I have an even higher conviction
it's going to happen in July. And people
say, "Oh, Joe, you're so stupid. You're
always wrong." That's not how this
works.
I'm not wrong. I'm right. And the fact
that it's not happening just means I
will be even more right. And that is not
always the case. Sometimes I say
something and I'm wrong. But here I'm
just right. And so every delay just
drives up the probability. You have to
think in probabilities.
What is the expected share price based
on the robo taxi launching?
Petty the Irish man is asking. Well, it
we don't know how many of these robotics
it's very simple. I think once we have
any significant cyber cap deployment
over 20, we go to alltime highs. I think
at at at the point where the market
believes
that cyber cabin robotics are actually
scaling we're going to 700 plus
potentially overshoot to a thousand but
in order for that to happen that is a
repricing and it could even go much
above a thousand. For that repricing to
happen, the market needs to have not
just conviction but panic buying. That
now is the time that we go into super
scale. And that means many thousands
with a clean line clear line of sight to
tens of thousands. Like a clear line of
sights to tens of thousands. That could
happen as early as 10,000 cyber caps
which could happen in the next three
months, but it could also happen only in
December or something.
Index asks, "If you would if you would
have 75,000 sitting in cash, what would
you do in regards to Tesla and why?" I
would pour it all into Tesla right now.
That's what I would do. Unless you want
to get more fancy, but
if I wouldn't, you know, I would just
pour it all into Tesla right now. If you
want to be tricky, you can start doing
calls and stuff and short puts, but only
if you if you have done this for a very
long time.
Uh, you think another dump for final
quarter rebalance is tomorrow and a run
into July 4th?
Good question. I think a dump tomorrow,
I'm not betting on it, but it's
absolutely in the cards. Yes, for the
market.
Small dump, not a big dump.
I've gotten margin called many times
this year. I didn't because I prepare my
portfolio so I don't get margin called
but I got slaughtered a few times
weak volume. Get it together. Yes.
Smokers heaven says Cyber will be giving
rides by the end of this week.
Really? I'm not so sure. Could be. Could
also not be. Uh Roy says BIS, Bank of
International Settlements. Basically,
the central bank of all the central
banks. So, this report the published
says some weight. I don't know. These
people are normally clueless, but
uh I will look it up. Maybe there's some
interesting stuff. Uh let me see.
Oh, we should go back to Tesla here and
then we can look at BIS. B I S AI
bubble.
See what they say.
These people have not too much of an
idea. Financial times here.
Oh no, that's the wrong thing.
Reuters BI says debt AI boom and
fragilityities raise global risk. I mean
this came out today. What a Sunday and
the market is up 2%. That tells you what
people think of these people.
What is this? Why is everyone such a
stupid payw wall freak
here? LinkedIn
but it's free.
The I boom looks like the.com bubble the
bank of international settlements has
done if with a few institutions will
name the investment search as a
potential systemic threat compared to
canal mania of the 1830s what
uh blah blah blah what's the point
here
one trillion commitment
the well I think it's but
here's my take on it I said it
yesterday. I think it's very simple. I
think there is a certain risk that
enterprise AI overspend on tokens and
there will be a pullback in enterprise
spend because they just overdid it and
that inflated anthropics uh revenue and
I do not think anthropics revenue growth
is sustainable. I think we got a little
bit in over our heads. At the same time,
the underlying technology is exploding
in capabilities. So, we're in over our
heels or whatever you say.
But at the same time, within the next
couple of months, we might see massive
capability enhancements that they'll
fill out these bigger shoes. The two big
of the shoes they put on are now filled
out with big hobbit I'm saying hobbit
feet because of Sauron. So the problem
with the AI bubble is that AI is
advancing so quickly that even if there
is a bubble, once people figure out
there is a bubble, it might already be
over the bubble because it's getting
filled with substance as we speak. And
that's why I would never bet on an AI
bubble.
How can it be priced in its back to last
Monday's levels?
Uh well it's relatively priced then
uh heavy driver says you you must have
Alexandra Tesla bum again a debate on
say notra
you spelled like an American says
agree with Joe sales are priced in this
was a big boost for Tesla
I can see it going down after Thursday
after Thursday. Yeah. Uh
yes, it was today.99
mnaf micro strategy, but today jumped up
a lot. Yes. Uh here math GPT says it was
a pretty bad movie, but I loved every
minute. Well, actually, I think it was
an excellent movie, but I know what you
mean. It was a B movie. It was badly
done.
I don't care. It was a piece of art and
you know people just overrate completely
the importance of execution of movies.
No one cares if you have a great story
and you hit it. You hit the sweet spot.
No one cares.
What sort of move are you expecting when
Tesla releases a flying car? I don't
know when they release that.
H let's see when they do it.
Not much compared to cyber cap.
I disagree math GPT uh that it will take
10,000 robo taxis where the big players
will finally accept the math. This is a
momentum stock and once we have momentum
uh and people see the trajectory which
will be at a few thousand I think I
still say
around 2,000
you will absolutely see a forcing
function only that I would dial this
even lower now the threshold I think you
we might see it even
earlier
repricing should happen before Tesla
SpaceX merger award yes I'm also getting
a little bit more the more I think about
it I I'm not sure that we have a merger
this year it's just too too much of a
giant operation and too dangerous for
many reasons. Uh because of the SpaceX
IPO and the lack of disclosure for the
merger, I think it might take a little
longer, maybe until next year. Who
knows?
Uh
Model Y announcement also in Berlin. I
haven't heard about that.
Uh, supersonic Asian 2487 says, "Love
this live format of just talking of the
hip and Q&amp;A with a collapse with Herbert
is a great combo." Thank you. Yeah, I
like it too. We can have a little chat
here. I always introduce like start with
like a more structured thing and then we
do this.
So many questions here. Jean Jean Jean
Jean Cheng uh the market uptrend could
face a significant test or potential
reversal this Wednesday, July 1st. due
to high impact macroeconomic events like
what?
How do you even pronounce Jan? Jan
Jan Jean
Jean tell me more high impact
macroeconomic events. What is that on on
Wednesday? Have to look it up. Roy says,
"So what is the question? What about the
questions marked next on YouTube on the
website? a while ago. You answered them
each Sunday. Why would I bother bo bo bo
bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo bo
bo bo bo bo bother posting some
questions on here. I can take a look Roy
because we are restructuring this thing
right now and sometimes I neglect the
questions.
See what we have but I don't want to
neglect it.
And they're also old. Did you post a new
one members?
Oops. We have so much coming, but it's
like it's so
questions
three days ago, but I have to look for
Roy
also. I answer these ones. They should
even They should not even
Why are they still showing? There's a
bug. Uh Roy, so I don't see
seven pending. Where are you, Roy? I
don't see Royy's question.
Quantum computing.
Uh I don't see your question.
The volume of Tesla trading not to take
miles video for the last two weeks have
been quite low. Not sure what that
means. Even today it's on the lowish
side. Is that the case?
Why is this new Google thing so bad?
Beta,
what about this? Do we have volume here?
48 million is not low at all.
I think you're wrong. 48 million is not
low volume. Average is 46 million. So
this is high volume today, which is a
good sign, by the way. If you are up 8%
on high volume, not bad.
Oh, we already out. We already That was
a pretty good day. Was a ridiculously
good day. But I had a ridiculously bad
day last Monday. So basically offset
that's how it goes.
Yeah, that was a pretty good day. Um,
yes, we have to wrap it up. Mass GB. I
wonder what the operation areas will be.
Perhaps the same Texas triangle will
open up. Maybe that would be pretty
cool. Okay, guys. So, tomorrow the Grock
video comes out.
and a Herbert video comes out and
citizen vigilante is in the works. I
need to talk about with citizen
vigilante
the Germany video I have a strategic
update on Germany with the fate all fate
deciding election in September that will
have ripple effects in Germany huge
election Germany is going to change
forever that's guaranteed already in
September of this year and I will
explain it in the video why if you're
German you maybe know why but it's a
very big deal and uh on Sunday we might
launch the drought near powered
capital super sandbox for all of you to
build any capital app you need for
yourself.
Uh Pot says, "Joe, I convinced my
parents to buy Tesla stock to help them
to retire. My father is 77. What price
do you expect Tesla to be end of 27?"
out of my memory.
I think 2000 or something like that one.
End of next year. Yeah, 2000.
1800 or 2000. So, soccer game. Exactly.
Okay, guys. Root for Germany, not for
Paraguay.
And I see you guys tomorrow.
Bye-bye.