Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Betting Against Bank & Tech CEOs Is a Mistake | NVDA Deal, CRWV Earnings & Options Strategy
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVrxVOwu0Rg
Published:   2026-08-17 02:02 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

How can we tell if we're in an AI
bubble? Who can we trust? Where is the
signal? If we're not in an AI bubble,
should we have some exposure? What if we
don't have any more capital to use? What
if we want to avoid a taxable event? And
what's the big risk I see right now for
a lot of traders in the market? Finally,
Tesla stock is looking pretty strong. Is
this legit or is this only temporary?
Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy. [music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; This past Saturday, we had another
options crash course. Another very
successful course. Lots of learning,
lots of great question, lots of great
people. It's always amazing to see the
caliber of people that come on to this,
how smart people are, how quickly they
understand these concepts. The learning
doesn't stop there, though. That's just
the start of it. So, I cannot wait to
see everybody's journeys. And if you
guys have any questions, me and the team
are here for you. So kudos to you.
Congratulations to everyone. We'll talk
more about the courses a little bit
later. First of all, we need to talk
about the signal that we are seeing
right now in the market. You know,
there's this narrative right now that we
are in this AI bubble and we keep
hearing this. It comes up over and over
whether it's Michael Bur, whether it's a
Deep Seek thing, whether it's a open-
source, whether it's a risk with open
AI, Anthropic being these two companies
that could take the whole thing down,
whether it's circular financing, on and
on. And we'll touch more on on these a
little bit later, but the signal is
coming through from these companies. The
signal is the number and the profits and
the results that the companies are
demonstrating. Look, up to this point,
we've heard from Amazon. We've heard
from Microsoft and Google. We've heard
from SpaceX. We've heard from Tesla.
We've heard from Meta. We have heard
from Micron, from SanDisk. We've heard
from all these companies. Now, there are
a few companies left to hear from. We
haven't heard from Nvidia yet. We
haven't heard from Arll yet. There's a
couple out there, but across the board,
all these companies are crushing it in a
big big way. Of course, this past week,
we had two really big companies
reporting. We talked about Amazon, uh,
Microsoft and Google, right? They are
the three traditional big clouds. But
then you have the Neoclouds. And the
Neoclouds are kind of a bucket in their
own. If you're not familiar with what a
neocloud is, essentially unlike a
traditional cloud like a AWS, Azure,
GCP, a NeoCloud is specifically GPUs for
AI training and inferencing that they
stitch together into these data centers
so that then they can rent that out for
consumption. To be fair, the two
probably biggest players out there for
that consumption is Anthropic and
OpenAI. They rent out that compute so
that then they can deliver their tokens
and their models to their customers,
their enterprise c customers, their uh
business to to consumer customers,
right? Like you and myself. This is
probably the majority of of the
consumption when it comes to these
tokens and for these uh Neoclouds. But
let's look at the numbers here. This is
Nibius and Coree and their results.
Nibbius they grew their revenue by 454%
year-over-year they brought in 582
million their adjusted Ibida was 236
million that's 41% and their ARR was 3
billion and their guidance was
reaffirmed coreweave very similar
numbers 2.58 billion revenue 112%
year-over-year if you look at their
backlog 104 billion they raised their
guidance absolutely crazy 25 billion in
new commitments
Okay. So, so the numbers are just
absolutely insane. But what was more
telling is what they said on their
calls. And really, it's the same story
we've been hearing over and over. They
both said that their GPUs are selling
like bananas. Okay? I don't know why I
said bananas, but they're selling like
gang busters. even their older GPUs, the
A100's. These are Nvidia A100's. These
are chips that came out and were on the
market back in 2020, 2019, and they are
still being used. They are still being
rented out at essentially top dollar.
This is what I've been telling you guys
what for about 6, seven, eight months.
I've been telling you just go to aws.com
and see if you can rent out chips like
this, the A100s for example, and see if
you can rent them out. see if you can
get cycle time for those and look at
what those are renting out for. This is
the little easy, you know, research I
did whenever Michael Bur last November
kind of interrupted the bull market we
were in. If you recall from April all
the way up until November, the market
was up right after the whole tariff
stuff. We recovered hard and you saw the
market up and to the right. It was a
great great market to be trading, to be
investing, easy. Then Michael Bur comes
out and all of a sudden he has this I'm
going to drop this big white paper that
he drops his paper and essentially what
he is saying is that the hyperscalers
AWS Azure Microsoft they depreciating
their their servers their data centers
over a long time period which makes no
sense because the useful life of the
GPUs is one or two years before Nvidia
comes out with new GPUs then you have to
go buy those and so really they shall be
depreciated over 2 years. Well, as you
can see here, and as I said back then,
this is BS. These GPUs can be used for a
long time and they have different use
cases. And so, right here, we see Core
Wave and Nibius confirming that once
again, we're getting more and more
useful life out of these GPUs, 9 10 plus
years. So, it goes back to what I've
been telling you over and over. As
tokens costs come down, as AI models get
better, all we're going to see is more
and more demand of GPUs, of data
centers, it's not stopping. In Nibius
and Coreweave are once again proving it.
Now, something I've been saying pretty
frequently is that it'd be one thing if
we were listening to just Jensen say XYZ
about this or we just heard Micron or
SanDisk, right? But that's not what's
happening. We've got Elon Musk out there
putting out crazy amount of capex and
talking about how fast they're going to
build all these data centers with SpaceX
and the amount of investment that
they're going to throw behind this
because of how fast and how big the
demand is. You can sit there and
discount Elon if you want. Go for it. I
get it. I get it. He's been late on
timelines. He tends to be right about
pretty much everything, but timelines
he's awful on. We also have Jensen
saying the same thing. Okay, but
Jensen's probably talking his book. at
the end of the day, he needs to sell
these GPUs to someone. Okay, that makes
sense. But then you got Zuckerberg
saying the same thing. Okay, well maybe
that one's a little more fuzzy, right?
Like he doesn't he's not really talking
his book and he's not even talking about
renting anything out. He should have
said that on the earnings call, but he
didn't. And it's not like he's selling
GPUs or anything. That's interesting.
You got Satia from Microsoft. Maybe he's
talking his book a little bit. You know,
he's at the end of the day, he's renting
things out, but why would you just be
talking your book and investing about
$200 billion in capex? That's not
exactly something you do just because
you're talking your book. Okay, what
about Sundar? Well, he's the CEO of
Google. And again, you can make whatever
claims you want about them talking their
books, but this guy, for the first time
since they went public, went to debt
markets to raise more capital, about $80
billion. and they reported their first
negative uh uh cash flow uh quarter in I
don't know how long. I think again
probably since they went public. Why did
they do all this? Because they're
investing in the capex to grow out their
data centers to rent out compute. And
then you got Andy Jasse from Amazon and
same thing. They are spending the most
$220 billion. These people are not just
talking their books. They are putting
real dollars behind this. It's one thing
if you want to dismiss Jensen. It's one
thing you want to dismiss Elon, but to
dismiss Mark Zuckerberg, Satia, Sundar,
and Andy, that seems a bit crazy,
especially when we see the results again
from Nibius, from Cororee, Micron,
SanDisk, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft,
Google. We're seeing the results. We're
seeing the earnings. It's real. It's not
fake. But do we have a little bit of an
issue? Because the TAM is growing
exponentially. At least that's what
we're being told right now. we kind of
have to believe it because we see the
capex being spent and the capex isn't
being spent for no reason and you're not
going to spend the capex unless you see
the TAM. The TAM is the total
addressable market. So, we see that
growing but there's a problem because
financing is getting a bit tricky. You
have Google going to debt markets.
You've got SpaceX going to debt markets.
You see companies reporting negative
free cash flow. So then we get into this
issue about okay we're having funding
issues because everyone's going to the
private debt market but then the spreads
are getting too expensive or in other
words the debt is getting more and more
expensive and it's becoming or at least
appearing as more and more risky. So
what do we do at that point? What do
they do? Well they call in Jensen and
Jensen once again saves the day. What
Jensen did this past week was he brought
together the best lenders in the world.
Black Rockck, Blackstone, Goldman, KKR,
all the top bankers, all the top lenders
in the world. He essentially brought
them to the table to create aou, a
memorandum of understanding or
essentially really a pool of debt that
would be able to use to continue to
finance these data centers. $500 billion
dollar was essentially committed by
these companies, by these the best
lenders in the world in order to help
fund the buildout of the data centers.
Now, what they're doing is a little
unique and it actually makes a lot of
sense if you think about it. Right now,
the way it works is you go out and you
raise debt in order to fund your data
centers for your buildout so you can
rent all this compute out. It's not seen
as an actual asset. It's not seen as an
asset that can back the debt. For
example, when you buy your house, you
have the house and the land that is kind
of the collateral that backs up the debt
that you get for your mortgage. And
that's why you're able to get a longer
term with a better rate, your car.
Whenever you buy a car, because you
actually have that physical asset, you
get a better rate and a longer loan.
Why? Well, because if something happens
to you, god forbid something happens to
you, maybe you can't afford it, maybe
you lose your job, maybe something
happens, I don't know, the bank can
always go back and seize your house and
the land, the bank can always go seize
your vehicle and then they can take that
and that asset still has value. Well,
that's what they're doing now with data
centers. You see, what they're all
essentially agreeing to is valuing these
data centers and these GPUs, these
servers as a collateral against the
debt. What they're arguing for is that
because the longevity of life for each
one of these servers and GPUs, these
data centers is so long now, 9 10 plus
years, that it makes sense to back them
up with debt. If something were to
happen to a company, let's say a company
were to blow up and they would go under.
Well, the truth is that data center
still has utility. It can still be used
the same way your car could still be
repossessed because it has utility. your
house and the land could still be
repossessed because it has utility and
then we could take that asset and we
could take it back into the market and
we can extract value from it and that's
actually really cogent if you think
about it these data centers are really
hard to come by there's scarcity out
there for data centers GPU servers
clusters especially when all the
infrastructure is built together energy
is already there we already have cooling
and water and permits and all that's
done there is huge value in that piece
of property this becomes a very valuable
asset which makes sense to back the debt
with that asset. So what does that do?
Well, that gives better and more
favorable lending terms for the
companies to be able to continue to
build out. Jensen was able to structure
this, like I said, with the best leaders
in the world here when it comes to
lending. Again, Larry Frink from
BlackRock, Steven Schwarzman from
Blackstone, Solomon from Goldman Sachs,
these are the top names in the world.
And just let's just be a little rational
here. Baby, we they are not going to do
this because they're being forced to.
They are doing this because they also
see the potential. They also see the
value. They also see it as a good
investment. So now let's just be
realistic here. Elon, Jensen,
Zuckerberg, Satia, Sundar, Andy, we got
Mark, Larry, Steven, Connor, David,
Joseph, all these people, they're all
wrong. Somehow the best minds when it
comes to lending and finances and
banking plus the best tech company
leaders in the world, they're all wrong.
Yet a Michael Bur is right. All these
bears out here are right. I don't think
so. I think it's time we put this to
rest and we start looking forward. The
real question is how can you take
advantage of this? Many of you are
invested into Tesla, Nvidia, Palunteer.
You have a few conviction stocks. After
all, you're part of this channel or you
listen to this channel. Investing
against the grain. Odds are you're a
self-directed investor. Odds are you're
pretty heavy in a few names. And so
you're probably sitting there wondering
like, "Okay, great. How do I take
advantage of this?" Because I don't want
to create a taxable event and sell any
of my shares in company XYZ. Maybe I
don't even have any cash. Maybe I'm just
an IRA and I can't even do anything in
there. What do I do? Well, that's why we
have the uh the options trading course.
That's what I teach. In fact, I just got
done, like I said, the start of this
with the course for August, and it was
fantastic. But I had a one-on-one client
of mine uh send me a video and I want
you guys to listen to it.
&gt;&gt; Hey Nick, it's Kimberly here on Friday
evening and I'm just out taking a walk
and reflecting on the last three weeks
of options trading since taking your
course and I am mind blown and I wanted
to send you a message and say thank you.
You know everything that you talk about
with your course has been true. I have
not had to sell a single stock and the
one to four percent return on portfolio
that you say is conservative is
conservative if you follow your rules
which I uh did memorize and I have
watched the video you send out after the
course quite a few times. So you know if
people have ever wondered should they
take your course is it worth it? Is it
real? Yes, it's worth it. This has been
the absolute best investment that I have
ever made in my life. And uh I just I
can't say enough about it. And uh Nick,
if you weren't willing to put the time
in to put these courses out there and to
share your knowledge, I mean, how rare
is it that someone is willing to share
their expertise and knowledge on
something like this for others to make
money? It's amazing. Um okay, so I'm
usually a pretty private person, but I
want to share some numbers here to
encourage anybody that has contemplated
whether to take this. So, in three weeks
of trading, and again, me being a
newbie, never trading options, I have
made $80,000
and my win rate on my trades has been
94%.
Only because of Nick's course. So, this
is real. And Nick, I just cannot thank
you enough. You're amazing. Your team is
amazing. And I'm looking forward to
doing more with this one-on-one
mentorship. And I look forward to
working with you. Take care. So, first
of all, thank you so much for the kind
words. Thank you so much for the video.
You are this the best. Um, but I didn't
do it. You did it. All right. At the end
of the day, I showed you the way. You
executed. But what she did and what
she's been able to achieve is real. Like
she said, it's not BS and it's likely
going to be a really good return on
investment for you. If you're
interested, we've got another course
coming up in October. September's
already sold out. People are getting a
lot of value from these. They are
learning how to properly trade options
without having to sell their shares. The
goal is to make 1 to 4% per month
conservatively. Like she just said, it
is conservative. But I want you to lean
in the conservative. I don't want you to
be out there gambling and yolo and all
that crap. That's not the goal. This
isn't get-richqu. This is me teaching
you how to fish so that you don't need
me, okay? I want you to be like her. I
want you to see the same type of results
she has. Is she going to make 80 grand
every three weeks? No, that's not going
to happen. But what she's doing is
sustainable. It's repeatable and she
actually has proper mechanics. Her
results will go up and they'll go down.
But the point is without having to sell
her Tesla shares, without having to sell
any of her Nvidia shares, whatever other
shares she has, she is able to make
money on top of that without having to
give it up. And this is how you can take
advantage of what's happening right now
in the AI space. You can take advantage
of the moves in Sandis, in Micron, in
Nvidia, in Marvel, in ALAB, in all these
different companies without having to
get rid of your current assets, without
creating a taxable event. This is what
we teach. This is how you can become
capital efficient without having to do
anything crazy or stupid risky. There's
always risk involved with everything we
do. Whether you buy Tesla, go all in,
whether you're in Palunteer, whatever
you do, whether you walk outside your
door, there's always risk to everything
we do. But the question is, the bigger
risk really is, do you actually know
what you're doing? And if you don't,
what's the risk you're really taking by
not understanding the full picture of
how options work and how you can
properly use them? At the end of the
day, I won't be doing this forever.
There will come a day where I stop doing
these courses. And honestly, videos like
this keep me going. The feedback I get
keeps me going. It makes me think I'm
really creating a change out there. And
that's why I do it. I want to show
people that there's another way in order
for them to have a better retirement, in
order to retire early, in order to kind
of demystify this boogeyman that's put
out there that you can't be a
self-directed investor. I think that's
BS that you have to live off of the 4%
rule and only take out 4% every year
when you retire. I think that's BS. I've
proven that's BS over and over with my
own life. I'm sharing it with other
people and you can do it. This is so
learnable. Like she said, she had never
traded options, never touched options or
anything. She took the course and in 3
weeks later she is already doing
extremely well. All right? And guess
what? This is the worst she's ever going
to be. She's only going to get better
from here. She's only going to improve.
Okay? That doesn't mean that her returns
will improve. Her knowledge, that's what
I care about is the knowledge. I don't
honestly care about the profits at the
end of the day. What I care is, are you
doing the right things? Do you
understand the why behind what you're
doing? And in my experience, when you
understand what you're doing and why
you're doing it, the results follow.
When you just go and search and aim for
the profits, that's when the mistakes
happen. That's when the greed sets in.
Okay? I want you to be greedy about your
knowledge. And that's what I'm here to
teach you. That's why I stayed up until
1:00 a.m. And it's not just me. I have a
fantastic team, absolutely amazing team.
Ben's a stud. Daniel, have you seen the
IEG journal? Yeah, that's his baby. He
took something that I had a concept of
an idea and he took that and pumped in
steroids with it. It took ideas that he
had already made for his own journal and
we collaborated and it's freaking
amazing. If you guys aren't using it,
you got to use it. Essentially, at this
point, it works with pretty much almost
every broker that you could imagine.
IBKR, Robin Hood, Fidelity, Tasty Trade,
Thinker Swim, Charles Schwab, uh Well,
Simple, I mean, on and on and we're
going to be adding even more. It's
amazing. You can track IVR in there. You
can see my personal watch list in there.
All kinds of things in there. So, if you
want to use it, the link for that below.
If you want to join the options crash
course, the next one's October. Sign up
now. They fill up fast. And again, this
might be the last one for the year. I
don't really know. November, December
going to be a little dodgy, right? We
got holidays, we got traveling, it's a
slower time of year. So, we'll just see
what happens there. But if you guys want
to learn, if you want to learn how to be
capital fish, you want to learn how to
take advantage of the current moment
we're in in this industrial revolution
with AI, this is how you can do it
without having to give up your long-term
buy and hold. I'm not selling my Tesla
right now. I don't care what everyone's
saying. Listen, I don't like the way the
earnings calls are going. I don't like
how slow the rollout's going. But you
know what? I know what I experience
every day with my vehicle. Every single
day, I know what I experience. So, I'm
not changing anything. In fact, we're
going to talk about test in a second
here, but first, I need you guys to take
a look at this. I was watching the
All-In podcast, and David Saxs laid out
a very interesting path of where the
money is flowing to essentially prove
that we don't have circular financing in
the AI space. And this is very
interesting, especially if we're going
to take any trades or any investments
into any of these AI names. Take a look
at this. We start off with SpaceX here,
okay? Or excuse me, we start off with
Anthropic. Anthropic is making about a
hundred billion dollars per gawatt of
compute. Now that hundred billion allows
them to go ahead and pay Space X,
remember the SpaceX for a spot price of
about $50 billion per gigawatt of
compute. So Anthropic makes 100. It
allows them to be able to pay 50 to
SpaceX. But guess what SpaceX does? But
SpaceX turns around and it's able to
take 30 billion of that in order to buy
chips from Nvidia and then Nvidia takes
that 30 and they go down the line. They
pay TSMC, they pay Sandis, they pay
Micron, etc. So that's how the money is
flowing. This is not circular financing.
These are real profits being generated.
And so that's what I show here. You can
see how this flows down the line. And
this is cogent. This makes sense. This
is not an AI bubble. These are real
profits. These companies are generating
real results. Anthropic will be coming
out soon probably for an IPO. Before
that, they'll drop their S1 where we'll
be able to see their finances and see
actually how profitable they are and how
much cash they're generating. You see,
there's this notion out there that Open
AI, Anthropic are essentially just
hemorrhaging money for all these tokens.
But from what we hear [snorts]
from insiders, people in the private,
things have been leaked is that
Anthropic actually is profitable right
now by a lot. Something Gavin Baker has
been saying. We hear this around the the
peripheries. We haven't actually heard
uh Anthropic say it, but we're going to
find out soon with when their S1 comes
out. This is going to be really
interesting. But with all this
opportunity, there is something I want
to say to everybody who has taken any of
the courses, anyone who's trading out
there, or anyone who's investing right
now. Everybody needs to understand that
we are in a very interesting point in
the market, a place that we haven't been
in in about 52 weeks. If you look at
this chart, this is showing you the VIX
and where it's at over the last 52
weeks. So, we are at a 14.6. This is
near lows for the last year. This is
very important to understand because
when the VIX is low, that's really a
measurement for the volatility or the
expected move of the S&amp;P over the next
30 days for the entire market, right? So
that's how the entire market takes that
and internalizes it. And you can see
this across the board on Tesla, Nvidia,
Micron, Sandis, all these companies have
their volatility coming down. When this
volatility comes down, that means that
volatility is compressing. The next
thing that's gonna happen is volatility
will eventually expand. Again, you want
to make sure that during that expansion,
you are on the right side of the trade.
This is what we teach in the options
crash course. We teach you how to take
advantage of this so you can be smart.
If you've taken the course, you know,
right now, you should be pretty light on
your trades. You shouldn't have a lot of
trades out there. Be mechanical. Be
disciplined because now we got to talk
about Tesla because this all ties into
each other, right? Whether it's AI,
whether it's what's happened to VIX,
whether it's happening with the economy,
Tesla Tesla is whether you love it or
hate it, Tesla is affected by it. And we
can use this to our advantage. And the
best way we can use it to our advantage
is by understanding where the momentum
is going for Tesla. Take a look at this
over the past call it month of August,
right? So we're what 15 16. Isn't that
crazy? We're 16 17 days into August
already, man. Feels like July just ended
and here we are halfway through August.
Time flies everybody. Here you can see
that we have seen a upward trajectory on
that momentum for Tesla. We went from
298 and now we're up to what about 342.
This has been nice. It's been a nice
little recovery. Who would have thought
we would enjoy seeing Tesla at 342? Man,
I sure missed the 400 days, right? But
this is where we are and we got to deal
with it. But what you can see here is
that the momentum still has the ability
to go up a little more. But don't be
surprised if the momentum slows down for
Tesla and pulls back a little bit.
Believe it or not, that would actually
be healthy. Look, I'm not a chartist. I
don't like doing all these like
Fibonacci and all these like regressions
or all these like lines or cup and
handles and all whatever all that stuff
is. Not my thing. Not what I look at.
But I do look at momentum. And momentum,
I think has real signal for what is
actually happening in the market. I like
to see what the market's doing and then
make my decisions based off that. Right
now, I can see that the momentum is
reaching the top. So, the market is
probably going to stop buying into Tesla
or slow down. Now, this might only be
for a little bit, a couple days, might
be a week. It might just stay flat and
that's enough to have the momentum
indicator here on the BX trender to come
back down. I just say this so that you
make sure you're careful, you're smart,
you don't do anything silly on the
bigger scale. If we look at it down here
from the weekly, this to me is the real
signal. I've talked about this many
times. This is what I look for when I
want to sell cover calls. Right now, no
freaking way would I ever sell cover
calls on Tesla. I think that would be
insane. That to me would be asking to
give away my shares potentially. But
here we can see that Tesla is making a
higher low. So you can see on the BX
trender again, that's that middle part
of this chart. You can see that we go
from a dark red bar to a light red bar.
This is showing you that the momentum is
shifting. And that momentum shift is
good for us. So, as that momentum shifts
on the weekly, it's much more of a
signal of the direction we're going.
What does that mean in the bigger scheme
of things? Right now, from the daily on
the BX trender, we might come down a
little bit. Okay, that would be healthy.
But on the weekly, it's signaling that
we have room to run up. And if we could
at least get back into the 400s, I think
this would be very healthy for a few
things. one for the Tesla community who
honestly been through a lot. You know,
just got to be empathetic for everyone
in the Tesla community, everyone who's
still here, I guess, is a better way of
saying it. We've been through a lot.
We've had a lot of expectations that
haven't come to fruition. Some of that
is our own fault. Some of that is Elon's
fault. Some of that is no one's fault.
It's just the nature of groundbreaking
new technology. At the end of the day,
everyone's got to take responsibility.
I've been on the side of being overly
bullish, just as many of my other
friends on YouTube have been. Elon has
been just as guilty. They could also be
better with their communication. But you
know what? At the end of the day, here
we are. We're in this boat and it's an
exciting boat to be in. We got to zoom
out and not forget where we are and how
far we've come. Okay? This has been a
ride and a journey of a lifetime. And
we've all done it together. So, in my
opinion, let's not be at each other's
throats, whether it's about mergers or
how far they're going, where they've
come. Listen, the earnings call
happened. We know that they're not going
to be scaling that fast right now. We
know it's going to take a little longer,
but we also know it's right there. It's
a stone throw away. Let's not let this
be the thing that divides all of us.
This is where we need to come together.
We need to support each other, and we
need to remember that at the end of the
day, we're a Tesla family. The best
thing about Tesla in my opinion over the
years is that it masked politics. It
masked cultures. It masked religion. It
masked all that. We are all united on a
common mission for electrification, for
autonomy, for energy, and now hopefully
soon for space, for Starlink, for
multilanetary society, for humanoids,
for abundance. And I think that's a
really exciting journey to be on. We
need to leave the past in the past and
look to the future. There's nothing we
can do about that. Let's look forward
and let's do this together. Okay. So, I
think that by the end of this year,
maybe I'm crazy. Maybe I'm doing the
bullish thing again, but well, you know,
what's the point of life if you're not
going to be optimistic? I believe that
we're still going to reach alltime highs
by the end of the year. Hey, at this
point it looks like I'm going to be
wrong. But I have that conviction. Why
do I have that conviction? Well, it's
nothing to do with what Elon's saying,
but just what I see with all the cyber
cabs, all everything I see every day
with my FSD version, right? I I think
that they're on the precipice of
actually doing something really big. And
in the next few months, I'd be really
shocked if we don't see cyber cabs out
there for uh normal general purpose use.
I'd be really shocked if we don't see
scaling in Austin. I'd be really shocked
if we don't see some big progress before
the end of the year. That's just my
take. All right. If you guys want to
sign up for the options crash course,
again, the link's down below. The zero
day course, I forgot to mention that
zero day course that's going to be
coming up. We're gonna have to close
that out soon. So, if you've taken any
of the courses, please sign up now. And
then if you want to use the journal,
that's also down below. Love you all.
Thanks for watching. Talk to you later.
Cheers.