Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Grok Is Becoming SUPERINTELLIGENT And BOOST SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4rcgkl__4Q
Published:   2026-08-21 23:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-22 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the age of AGI, crazy things are
happening and this week Grok seized the
AI frontier crown. Maybe you think I'm
crazy. Maybe you say, "Joe, what about
Fable? What about Soul? What about
ChatGPT and all these people? How can
Grok seize the AI crown?" Well, let me
explain what that exactly means. So,
Grok was released 4.6, 4.7 by the way
coming in probably 2 to 3 weeks. Very
quick iterations and Elon already said
4.6 is going to be crazy, but Grok 4.6
is the new frontier model by SpaceX AI
and it is designed
to,
you know, solve long-running agent
problems, coding, knowledge work, and
interactive visual applications. In
fact, it's the fuel behind Grok, but the
new agentic system that takes over your
desktop and does all kinds of things.
Pretty exciting stuff, but here is the
important thing about this model. Here
you see Grok's price adjusts frontier
position. What is this chart and why is
it so important and why is this more
important than just looking at absolute
performance of Fable and all these
things?
You see on this chart, this is the
frontier, the efficient frontier
uh position of the models.
And what you see on the x-axis is the
price cost per task. Um so, that's very
interesting. They have basically a
standardized set of tasks, right? This
is important. It's tasks.
And we have Cursor bench scores, which
is specific benchmark. As you see the
scores that they score here and the
average cost per task. And the further
to the left is, the more expensive. You
see for example Fable 5, the yellow line
on the very, very left side, $18
roughly, maybe 17, whatever, $17 per
task to get to 70.8%
Cursor bench score. So, this y-axis
tells you how good the models are.
And Fable 5 is the best one
Kind of. Uh and it cost $17 to to
complete that task at a 70.8% quality
score. Okay? So, that's that was the
frontier before. Now, you saw that
ChatGPT Opus actually, the advanced
high-level Opus came pretty close to
Fable, but Fable is still a little
better. Uh not ChatGPT. Anthropic's own
competition, the Opus models, also got
very close to that, but much cheaper.
So, Opus beats Fable dramatically in
cost while not performing much worse.
And I see this with Claude design and
some other things where I'm using Opus.
Opus is pretty good at some things. But
now, hold your horses before you declare
Anthropic the current leader because
here is Grok. And what you see, Grok 4.6
and here's Grok 4.6 extra high. So, if
you spend a lot of money on the agents,
then you get to effectively the same or
even slightly higher performance on at
least CursorBench 3.2 score than Fable
itself, the famous mythical Fable. And
that is quite astounding because, here's
the point, it cost you only $2.81,
whereas Fable cost you $17. Hey,
on this channel, we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing, like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support
and let's get back to the video. So,
that is very, very impressive
because that's five over five times,
500% cheaper than Fable at the same
performance. And that means Grok is now
at the frontier. The frontier is
basically what you see here. The
frontier is how much performance per
price do you get? So, the frontier is
not just the performance. The frontier
is performance per price. And so, you
can follow here this outer right upper
right curve. What's the most upper right
point on the curve? And they are nearly
all Grok. They are then getting competed
out of the game by GPT-5 Luna here,
right? Luna performs higher than low
Grok.
Uh higher performance at significantly
lower cost, but that's just one little
clip here. But then, all on the high
performance, Grok is winning. That is
quite astounding, and that shows us how
quickly SpaceX is catching up to this
whole operation. So, it's very important
to watch these things cuz the age of AGI
is not stopping. Now, every week in the
weekly brief, here we have an AI
frontier brief where we give you the
latest updates on these models. This was
just one little glimpse to see what
SpaceX is up to, how they are beating
everyone right now, and with Grok 4.7
coming out, amazing stuff. By the way,
in this weekly brief, next week, we're
also going to discuss this whole pace
the frontier letter. When now more and
more people get to the point where they
say, "We need to actually stop or pace
the progress on AI." And what used to be
just the realm of a few nutjobs who
think we're all going to die because of
ASI. By the way, I was included in that.
I'm one of these nutjobs. I think the
odds that we all get killed by ASI is
100% if we allow it to happen.
So, we cannot allow it to happen. But a
year or two years ago, we were
considered just nutjobs because no one
was ever thinking about that. The
interesting thing is now that we are
getting much closer to the point of
recursive self-improvement.
Even the most bullish bulls get a little
concerned because everyone knows we are
right about this. Everyone who has a
little bit of understanding of ASI
understands humanity is toast if that
ever happens. Now that it actually gets
close to the point where it might start
to happen, everyone gets a little bit
cold feet.
That is good news. We will cover it in
the next weekly brief. In this weekly
brief, we are just focusing on the
progress we are seeing. So, we will talk
about Google uses flash pricing to
defend the distribution power they have.
Google has one advantage and that is
distribution while it's failing more or
less on all other metrics of AI, but
they have massive distribution. They can
get AI into the hands of the most people
on Earth and they do it through Google
search. So, flash important important
improvements with Gemini 3.7 flash in
terms of distribution. We will learn
about Grok bot this week, which is a
tremendous thing by SpaceX AI, a new
system that you can put on your desktop,
costs a little bit of money, 200 bucks
per month, but it's tremendously
powerful. We will look into that. We
will look more into Grok 4.6 very
quickly and Muse glimmer, the meta
model, is being released, an open
agentic model.
Uh very interesting what meta strategy
is here and then we will look at the
takeaway. So, let's jump right into it.
See the full weekly brief, go to
pioneerlands.org.
Every single week we will cover the most
exciting and important news from the AI
frontier from Grok, Anthropic, Claude,
ChatGPT and the Chinese models, of
course, so you are up to date and
understand how the world is changing
very rapidly right now. Also, by the
way, we have a capital and stocks
weekly update and we have a political
weekly brief now, all on
pioneerlands.org. So, I hope to see you
there.