Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Unitree G1 Humanoid Robot: Overview & Upcoming Teardown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udhR37iq0RU
Published:   2026-06-05 19:03 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello everyone. It's Armen Fchnowski
with Monron Associates and today I'm
bringing you a humanoid robot. This is a
Unitary G1. Uh this is the base version
of it. Uh it has about 23 degrees of
freedom, right? So these are the
actuators you see here that he can move
with. It's about a half kilowatt hour
battery in its chest, sensor suite in
the top, lighter, uh RGB cameras.
Um this model has dummy hands. Uh but we
have also independently of this tear
down uh purchased some Dexter's hands
and this is a finger from uh one of
those hands. Maybe you've seen this
video on YouTube already. Walking speed
of this model is about 2 meters per
second. So you can kind of get a sense
of the speed here. Kim walking around. I
am remote controlling him right now for
this demo, but he has some autonomous
features as well. So with the LAR, you
can scan the room, set them on patrols.
Uh the other versions of this robot that
are out there, you might have seen them.
They do back flips, acrobatics, they
run. This is largely the same except for
the processor and uh the hands etc. But
to summarize why we have this one here
from a sort of broader perspective,
humanoid robotics in some sense are uh
reconfigured electric vehicles, right?
So you have everything in in these guys
that you find in an electric vehicle. So
you have actuators, battery system, you
have to keep the actuators cool, you
have to be ready for scale
manufacturing, you have to have you have
the same or similar cost pressures. And
so with that, we're uniquely suited with
our 36 years of tear down and costing
experience to take a good look at this
and uh really learn how these uh
function from sort of a first principles
perspective. And then as we go through
we will uh create a report and um also
think about how could you construct
these systems more cost effectively.
Right? So um a little bit of overview of
this guy. Uh like I said it's 23 degrees
of freedom. This guy obviously a little
bit shorter. I'm on the taller side.
He's about 4'4,
132 cm, 35 kg, 75 lb. Um, and actually,
you know, that's nice for developers.
It's a little bit easier to uh handle
and, uh, also less risk if this is going
to fall on your, you know, your foot
steps on you or, you know, you have some
type of glitch as you're developing your
software systems. The battery in here is
9,000 milliamp hours. Uh it's a 46
48 uh volt system. So that translates
about to half a kilowatt hour. Um if you
think in EVs, right, that might be a
little bit more um representative or for
you to contextualize the battery in
there. Um we haven't torn it off, so we
don't know what kind of cells are in
there yet. We'll find out for you. And
um yeah, we'll move them around a little
bit. Walking speed of this guy is of
this version is about 2 m/s.
If you go on YouTube, look up unit G1.
This is the model that you see doing
back flips, acrobatics, right? Running.
I think it even participated uh in the
uh Beijing humanoid
um marathon. Uh certainly the larger
version of this has all you probably
have seen uh different people push
different robots around and uh this guy
can do it as well, right? So he has a
pretty good balance in there uh built
in, right? So if you give him a little
push, not too hard, but about this he'll
balance, right? So
this robot has position sensors via
encoders on all the motors. So he knows
the state of the entire system at all
times and also of course there's
solometers
uh gmeters
on the on the robot and uh it calculates
how to recover, right? So he does it
pretty well. We have managed to push him
too hard. Um he doesn't like it. he
falls on his uh on his face or back or
whatever, but uh if you just go like
this, it works pretty well. And it's
very fun. If you ever come across a
robot, just give him a push. But yeah,
it's a real humanoid robot that has all
the core systems of um anything, you
know, that that's leading the market.
And we're tear down and we'll bring you
a series and if you stay tuned, you will
learn everything that's in there along
with us. Thank you everyone and please
like and subscribe.