Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Just Unredacted Its Robotaxi Reports: Scaling Questions Answered ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcP10B7tihM
Published:   2026-05-15 23:09 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. I just wrapped up a great
conversation all about Tesla stock and
the catalysts that actually matter over
the next 12 to 24 months. I should have
that edited and ready for upload this
Sunday. So, be on the lookout for that
one. Today, we got the latest incident
data from Nitsa in that standing SGO.
and I went through the CSV file and just
removed all of the lines that were not
Tesla. And what's interesting about this
release is that Tesla has now decided to
unredact all of the specific information
about these incidents. You may recall
Tesla was the only automaker reporting
that chose to redact certain information
under the CBI rules. Tesla arguing that
it was confidential business
information. But today, Tesla has now
decided to share some of that
information. So, we have a lot more
specifics. I have made sure my Teslaomy
dashboard is updated with this
information. Once again, it's
electrified.plx.app.
And if you scroll to the bottom, you can
see this incident data displayed in a
much more visually appealing way. So,
given the new April data, Tesla added
two incidents during that time frame,
taking the total to 17 since they
launched last June. But as you can see,
seven of those were when the Tesla
vehicle was going 0 mph. And for April,
we have no new injuries added. And both
of the new incidents for April were when
Tesla vehicles were going 0 m an hour,
meaning Tesla was not at fault. I won't
go through all of them, but I did find
some of this unredacted information to
be very interesting. The first two were
just the Tesla robo taxi being
rearended. But the next one, the Tesla
ADS started reversing after encountering
a blocked alley. As the ADS was
reversing, the rear end made contact
with a wooden electrical pole. Safety
monitor was present and no passengers
were in the vehicle. The next one, the
Tesla ADS was proceeding straight on a
street where space was minimal due to a
parked heavyduty tow truck and a parked
passenger vehicle on either side of the
street. As the ADS continued straight,
the car's left side mirror made contact
with the heavyduty tow trucks left side
of the bed. Safety monitor and one
passenger were present. And again, most
of these are other cars or other people,
VRUs, vulnerable road users making
contact with the Tesla vehicle. But this
one was not that. It said the Tesla ADS
was stopped on the right side of the
street. ADS is automated driving system.
In this case, Tesla's robo taxis. The
Tesla was stopped on the right side of
the street. The safety monitor requested
support to assist with the Tesla vehicle
not going forward. The TEA operator took
over vehicle control and gradually
increased vehicle speed and turned the
Tesla car left toward the left side of
the street. The Tesla vehicle was driven
up the curb and made contact with a
metal fence. The safety monitor was
present, but no passengers. So, in this
case, the remote operator took control
of the vehicle, but in doing so, ended
up driving it onto the curb and into a
fence. And as it turns out, that was not
the only time. This is a separate
incident. The Tesla vehicle was going
straight on a street, and the safety
monitor requested support to assist with
navigation. The Tesa operator took
control of the vehicle when the car was
stopped and proceeded straight on the
street. The Tesla vehicle then made
contact with a temporary barricade for a
construction site at about 9 m an hour,
scraping the front left fender and tire.
Safety monitor was present, but no
passengers. So, that's now two
documented instances where the TA
operation actually controlled the
vehicle into an object. And we certainly
cannot say for sure exactly why this is
happening, but don't forget that segment
we did on some of the connectivity
problems that Tesla's been having. And
just one more, another separate
incident. The Tesla vehicle was stopped
in the birectional turn lane of a
five-lane road with its left indicator
active. When the two lanes of oncoming
traffic were clear, the ADS made an
unprotected left turn into an entrance
of a parking lot. As the Tesla vehicle
entered the lot, the ADS made contact
with a metal chain. The car had a safety
monitor present with one passenger in
the vehicle. And I'm sure some of you
will have seen Chuck Cook's videos where
he tests his FSD with a metal chain
specifically for parking. And even with
14.3, it is still not recognizing it and
handling it well. And as you saw, there
are seemingly some limitations in what
the camera system can recognize,
sometimes backing into wooden poles and
so on. So, the reason I think this
information is so important is because
it gives us a peak behind the curtain of
what's really going on and what the
challenges Tesla is facing are. And to
really make that point, I'll share one
more. The Tesla vehicle made a left turn
on a residential street. As the Tesla
passed a residential house with a dump
trailer parked in the driveway and the
trailer's gooseeneck hitch sticking out
onto the street, the ADS's side mirror
made contact with the gooseeneck hitch.
Safety monitor present. No passengers.
So, the ability to consistently pick up
on smaller, thinner, certain objects at
certain height levels seems to be a
challenge. So, of course, overall, from
an injury perspective, Tesla's robo taxi
business appears to be operating in a
very safe manner. However, as we've been
saying, if Tesla does start to scale,
then the number of these incidents is of
course going to scale with the fleet
until Tesla can get these problems
sorted out. And I do think it's
important to highlight that all of the
companies reporting Whimo, Avide, and so
on, they all have incidents just like
this. Now, one day I'd love to do more
of an analysis on incidents per mile and
breaking down percentage at fault by
company and all of that data that we
just don't have right now. But the
silver lining is that for this latest
information, the two new incidents that
Tesla added, in both cases, Tesla was
not at fault, which means it's yet
another clean month for Tesla's robo
taxi operations. But as mentioned, I
think the other side of the coin now
that we have this unredacted information
is that Tesla might be having some
challenges with the TA operation. So
overall, I'm very encouraged by Tesla's
safety profile, now approaching
somewhere around 2 million autonomous
miles for the robo taxi service. But
it's the back end and the infrastructure
and Tesla's ability to visually pick up
on certain things like hitches or metal
chains that's going to be a bit of a
challenge for Tesla to work through even
now. And just FYI on the dashboard, I
did go ahead and add a total active
geoence square mileage for Tesla and
Whimo. For the usual, you can click on
it and get more information. So, it'll
tell you that breakdown by city. And
same thing for Whimo given their most
recent announcement about their
expansion for this month. And to
clarify, I have excluded Tesla's Bay
Area. One, because they don't give a
geoence size, but two because it's not
technically a robo taxi service. Not
just because they have supervisors, but
the way they're handling it from a state
regulatory perspective. So, I'm trying
to keep this as apples to apples as we
can. The FTC just put out new data
saying that Americans lost $2.1 billion
to social media scams alone in 2025,
which is exactly why I keep talking
about Delete Me, the sponsor of this
video. Maybe the part that people are
missing is that these attacks are not
random. These attackers are buying your
personal information from these people
search sites. And the more accurate
personal information they have about you
and your relatives, the more convincing
the scam will feel. And we know it's
getting worse with AI. Things like voice
cloning. The FBI just said last year
alone it cost Americans about $893
million. And that's where Delete Me
comes in. They remove your information
from these people's search sites and
they keep doing it every quarter because
new sites always pop up. I just got my
16th report in last quarter alone.
Delete me reviewed over 1,800 listings
on my behalf, found my information on
six different people search sites and
submitted removals to all of them. So
during just the last quarter, Delete Me
saved me around 160 hours that I would
have spent calling these sites one by
one. Delete Me is an American company.
It's all they do. They have excellent
Trustpilot reviews, and you also get
email and phone masking. So, when you
sign up for new services, your real
contact info stays protected from the
start. So, if you'd like to support
Electrified and Protect Your Family, you
can head to jointdeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. And Ethan McConno was
praising Tesla's robo taxi service in
Austin, how it handled very complex
situations, including hightra scenarios,
incredibly well. But he said Tesla still
seems to stop taking new rides around
5:00 p.m. on weekdays in Austin. And I
asked him, I said, "You mean just for
unsupervised, correct?" And he said,
"Unsupervised does stop at that time,
but there's not many supervised cars out
either. it effectively becomes almost
impossible to get a car after that time.
There's only one or two unmarked driver
monitor cars out and he usually sees
high service demand or a 20 to 30 minute
wait after that 5:00 p.m. window during
the week. So again, just bear in mind
despite what Tesla's blog says about
official operating hours, in practice
that might vary daytoday based on things
like weather or whatever else Tesla's
working through behind the scenes. And
importantly, Ethan also said, "I've been
stress testing Roboaxi as hard as I can
over the last few days and have been
incredibly impressed with performance."
But he also said, "I have a long list of
important product issues and bugs, bad
pudos, which is pickup and drop offs,
broken audio, connectivity issues, lots
of user interface stuff, but the actual
driving performance has been great." So,
that's the point I want to make here.
The safety profile and the actual
driving is very solid as we'd expect it
to be. But sadly, that's only a portion
of what's required to scale a robo taxi
service. And this is only one of two
primary reasons why I keep trying to
temper expectations for the robo taxi
scaling this year. I just do not think
Tesla is going to scale to thousands of
vehicles on the road when they're having
these pickup and drop off problems.
paired with these connectivity problems
and now we know about the TA operation
challenges for how they're moving these
vehicles around. Is it because of the
connection issues? Is it just accidents
or mistakes? We don't know for sure, but
whatever the problem is, it's something
that needs to get fixed before we see
real scale. And secondly, guys, people
need to understand what the geo fences
actually are. So in Austin right now,
Tesla and Whimo's square mileage is
somewhat comparable. It's not exactly
the same, but Whimo only has 250
vehicles in that area. And the geoence
sizing in Houston and Dallas is still
very small. And then you add in that in
Houston, it's removed from downtown.
It's more rural. So there's no world
where Tesla's going to have 500 vehicles
in this little geoence in Houston. Now,
sure, at some point they're going to
expand that, but until then, this idea
that Tesla can just start flooding these
three cities with robo taxis is just not
realistic. And now coming up, as soon as
I can make it happen, I do plan to have
some conversations on the channel about
saturation in these markets and what's
realistic. But if you're thinking
Tesla's about to hit 1,000 robo taxis in
Austin, Dallas, and Houston right now,
I'm very confident you're going to end
up disappointed unless we see
significant geoence expansion. And now,
Cyber Cab Spotter did share a picture of
what appears to be a Cyber Cab with a
Starlink unit mounted on the back. Now,
of course, this is exciting as many
people would love to see a native
Starlink integration with Tesla
vehicles. And of course, at some point
in the future, I think it would make
sense to have this, even if it was an
add-on option. But for me, until we get
more confirmation or see other sightings
like this, I'm just going to chalk it up
to testing. And the one thing I wanted
to clarify, some people are saying, see
all of that gear that Tesla has in the
Model Y, the robo taxis on the back.
They're now saying that's Starlink built
in. But guys, it is not. That is the
telecommunications and the GPS for the
remote operations. Now, maybe Tesla's
testing Starlink to see if it can help
their connectivity problems in certain
scenarios. And I also wanted to touch on
that patent that many people
misunderstood, the one where Tesla was
talking about a new polymer material for
the roof of some vehicles that would
make Tesla vehicles radio frequency
transparent. So that way satellite or
things like cellular connections
wouldn't be blocked by the roof and
Tesla could remove the traditional shark
fins that you see on vehicles for those
connections and embed it into the
vehicle. But nowhere in that patent was
Starlink called out. And again, it could
just be for general GPS communication.
So we might need to be a little patient.
But I do think long-term having Starlink
as an option you can add on to your
Tesla vehicle even if Tesla starts where
this is deployed only in robo taxis. I
do think that can make sense. So this is
certainly something to watch. Tesla has
a new job listing in China. This one for
a data labeler. This person will label
images and videos that contribute to our
deep learning network. In this role, you
work with in-house tools to label data
coming directly from the fleet of
vehicles and Optimus data collectors.
So, I think that's an encouraging sign
that Tesla is now collecting local data
in China that it can now use to train
the Chinese specific model of FSD. And
by all the reports we've seen, that is
by far the limiting factor for Tesla's
performance of supervised FSD in China
to date. And just so you know, I'm
watching everything we're hearing about
Elon and Trump's trip to China, but it's
too early to know exactly what's going
to come of this trip. Some are saying
overall it's going to be a letdown and
no major deals will be struck, but
others are saying it's the most
important trip in the history of
mankind. So, let's give it a week or two
and see what deals are actually
announced. At this point, it does appear
as though a rift is forming between Uber
and Whimo. But, there's actually more to
the story here. So, first of all, Uber
recently said it does want to outfit its
human-driven cars with sensors to soak
up real world data for AV companies and
potentially other companies training AI
models on physical world scenarios. But
Uber said, "First, we need to get the
understanding of the sensor kits and how
they all work. There are some
regulations. We have to make sure every
state has clarity on what sensors mean
and what sharing it means." They said
Uber has millions of drivers globally,
and if a fraction of those cars could be
transformed into rolling data collection
platforms, the scale of what Uber could
offer the AV industry would dwarf what
any individual AV company could assemble
on its own. But in my head, I just
think, well, that's not accurate. Tesla
also has millions of cars around the
world that are already data collection
platforms. So, I strongly disagree with
that thesis. But for now, only time will
tell if Uber can pull this off because
thinking through it practically, adding
this sensor suite to all of these humans
vehicles is going to have a host of
challenges. So, personally, I'm not
confident it's going to happen at scale
anytime soon, but something to note. And
we also have Uber and its executives
that have taken aim and indirect shots
at its robo taxi partner Whimo warning
against autonomous vehicle operators
trying to scale on their own while also
criticizing Whimo's deployment strategy
in tech. And one Uber executive OnX did
share a video with the title scary Whimo
moment. And Dar himself recently said,
"Despite the incredible progress AVs are
making around the world and the enormous
potential they hold, they're still far
from capable of meeting the level of
reliability and ubiquity that customers
and cities expect. As a refresher, Uber
and Whimo started working together in
2023, starting in Phoenix, and then they
added Austin in Atlanta the following
year. In the latter two cities,
partnerships entail using Uber as the
sole app to get a Whimo robo taxi. But
since then, Whimo has expanded its
service without Uber in five more
cities. But then things get weird. Uber
said in San Francisco, for example, a
the operations have expanded into some
of the wealthiest neighborhoods while
remaining absent from nearby cities like
Oakland. Uber said, "I don't want to put
Whimo on blast here, but Whimo is
permitted for Oakland. Oakland is a
dense city. It does have a population
similar to San Francisco that would be
receptible to autonomous vehicles. So
why not Oakland? Why not Santa Monica?
In terms of Uber's position on this,
we're looking for equitable
distribution, which on the surface
sounds reasonable until you know this.
From Uber, that whole Whimo being
permitted in Oakland thing is very
misleading. If you go to the CPU
website, you'll scroll down and see
Whimo seeking approval of Whimo's
updated passenger safety plan in
connection with expanded deployment
territory and Ohio vehicle platform. The
current status, it says suspended
through June 27th this year for further
staff review. And guess what? When you
go to the filing for this expansion,
you'll see municipalities newly added to
Whimo's deployment service area via this
update include those in the Bay Area. It
lists a few with Oakland being one of
them. So in short, no. Whimo does not
yet have the CPU permit for Oakland,
meaning it cannot operate and charge for
paid rides. So Uber's statement is not
an outright lie because they do have a
DMV permit, but that does not mean they
can operate in Oakland yet because Whimo
needs this second permit. So clearly
this entire situation is very odd. You
have Uber and Whimo working together in
a handful of cities, but now Whimo going
at it on its own in even more cities.
And now publicly, you have Uber
basically attacking Whimo for its
technology, how they're deploying the
service. We have Uber painting this
picture that Whimo has these permits
where it should be operating in the
cities, but for some reason it's
choosing not to, trying to make it seem
like Whimo's withholding service from
certain regions or demographics. But at
the end of the day, it's clear Uber is
going to have major concerns about AV
players doing it on their own because
that leaves Uber out of the equation.
And at this point, while Uber and Whimo
do have a partnership in some cities,
the Whimo contribution to Uber's overall
business model is very insignificant. So
to me, it's really not complicated. Uber
knows its business will be disrupted if
companies like Tesla and Whimo go at it
on their own. And more recently, that's
exactly what's happening. So Uber has
every incentive to protect its own
business model and part of that is going
to be trying to slow down companies like
Whimo and or Tesla and further I think
Uber will be looking for any narratives
or justification as to why it's spending
so much money on all of these different
AV players. So from that perspective
they can now say well we have these
questions about Whimo so we're going to
be smart and diversify and invest
elsewhere. And it's true that Whimo had
a recall for 3,800 vehicles this week,
but it was a software update. An interim
update has already been shipped, but a
permanent software update is still in
the works. This from software issues
that could allow Whimos to drive onto
flooded roadways. Whimos and Austin were
recently seen on camera driving onto a
flooded street and stalling. Whimo said
it's working on additional software
safeguards and has put mitigations in
place limiting where its robo taxis
operate during extreme weather. This so
they avoid areas where flash flooding
might occur. And Whimo did tell CNBC
that its robo taxi service in San
Antonio remains temporarily suspended.
That's because a Whimo vehicle in San
Antonio entered a flooded road and was
swept away into a creek with no
passengers on board. And I did go ahead
and ensure that the Teslaomy dashboard
was updated with this 3800 number for
Whimo. And when you click on the number,
you'll see that it's from this Nitsa
recall. You can click to go to the link
and you have the date it was reported.
And I would appreciate your vote. When
it comes to the total fleet, do you
think I should exclude Tesla's vehicles
in the Bay Area since they're supervised
and that service really isn't
technically robo taxi? It would be more
in line with that apples to apples
comparison. So, let me know what you
guys think. Today, Tesla China denied
raising prices on the Model Y in the
domestic market. Tesla said the Model Y
has not seen a price increase. And
something to note, since September 2025,
there's been a widening supply gap in
the global memory market driven by
surging demand and constrained
production capacity, which has pushed
storage chip prices higher. The impact
of rising storage chip costs has shown
up in advanced driver assistance
features and BYD recently announced it
was raising the price of its optional
God's IB lidar assisted driving package.
And the CEO of Neo just said that rising
memory chip prices could add between 3
and 5,000 yuan to the cost of high-end
new energy vehicles, which would be
roughly $750 on the high end. And as far
as we know, the two biggest consumers of
memory DRAM globally are BYD and Tesla.
So this phenomena may have a minor
impact on Tesla's margins for this year,
but I think it's likely to be pretty
minor. And as we know, Tesla is doing
all it can to mitigate these risks long
term by, of course, bringing that memory
production inhouse. Panasonic just told
investors it expects US battery sales to
grow in the coming fiscal year because
of one key North American customers
ongoing turnaround and that key customer
is expected to be Tesla. Panasonic said
for the current fiscal year which for
them ends March 2027. Panasonic forecast
total sales volume for ED batteries in
the US to grow 19% to 46 gatt hours.
Demand is expected to exceed full year
2026 levels for their fiscal year ending
March 2026, supported by Tesla's recent
recovery in market share despite
significant revisions to their model
lineups. Panasonic's forecast suggests
it expects Tesla to outperform the
broader EV market for the year. The
company projects overall EV sales in
fiscal 2027 will remain roughly flat to
the prior year while still expecting
demand from Tesla to increase. And as we
know, Panasonic has pretty good
visibility into Tesla's business given
that they are effectively partners in
Nevada. And I could elaborate on this
right now, but I'm going to hold off
because we touch on this in the
interview to be uploaded Sunday. I'm
guessing by now you've seen the permit
filings where Tesla's working on a
dedicated facility in Vegas. This one is
called Tesla Center Mohawk Cyber Cab
phase 2 car wash. The work on this
existing building includes interior and
exterior improvements, including the
construction of a car wash enclosure,
the relocation of tire service
equipment, and the installation of power
raceways, which does suggest Tesla's
building more of a fullervice
maintenance hub. specifically designed
for the autonomous fleet. In its current
form, the facility is roughly 36,000
square ft and has roughly 55 parking
spots. And just for context, the
location of this new overall maintenance
and car wash hub is roughly a 7-hour
drive from Giga, Nevada. So, this car
wash location is toward the southernmost
part of Nevada. And as we know, Tesla's
planning a Las Vegas launch for the robo
taxi service hopefully sometime in the
next 45 days. Honda posted its first
annual loss in nearly 70 years as a
listed company, hit by more than $9
billion in cost to restructure its EV
business. And as we've been saying,
revealing its worst financial report
since Honda listed on the stock market
in 57 underscores how risky the bet on
EVs can be for a legacy automaker when
it runs into weaker than expected
demand. Honda is scrapping its goal of
having EVs make up a fifth of its new
car sales by 2030, as well as erasing
the target of a full shift to EVs or
fuel cells by 2040. Honda will also
indefinitely suspend its Canada EV
project, an 11 billion investment plan
to make EVs and batteries in the
country. Figure is now on day three of
this live stream marathon of its Figure
robot sorting through packages. There
was some early controversy about some
hand movements of the robots. People
thought it was tea operated, but Brett
did clarify that that's just part of the
policy. when the robot moves toward the
conveyor belt to pick up a package, it
lifts up its arm so it doesn't hit the
steel part of the machine. So, I do
think it's great that Figure is giving
this level of transparency into what
they're doing. It really is
unprecedented for this market. But Phil
Trouy did get a chance to interview
Brett and he shared some interesting
tidbits. Figures already working on
F.04, which just completed design lock.
So, we can expect to see the new bot
sometime this fall. It should be the
biggest leap in performance they've had
between versions so far. And Brett is a
huge proponent of cross-training the
bots with many different tasks such that
seeming unrelated tasks make all learned
tasks better. He gave an example of the
fridge loading training which was
topping out at 60% reliability until
they trained the same model with kitchen
shelving tasks. Then they saw the fridge
tasks jump to 90% accuracy. As such,
Figure spends almost all of their time
in pre-training the unified helix model
to ensure they get cross-training
benefits. Figure will have almost
completely localized their supply chain
away from China by next quarter. They
build almost everything inhouse and
Figure does not appear eager to get
their bots into the workforce. Brett
said they could today deploy thousands
into the market, but their goal is full
general robotics where you can describe
a brand new task to a robot, maybe do a
one-time demonstration, and then have
the robot do the task. And with Gen 4 of
their robot, they are building a new
hand, which will be even closer to the
full functionality of a human hand. And
at this point, Figure has already tried
five or six different versions of the
hand alone. and their hands now have all
actuators in the hand itself. And
interestingly, they said one of the
first hands they tried was a
tendon-driven hand. And without
explaining why, Brett said that was a
dead end. Their hands now have all the
actuators in the hand itself. So, that's
very interesting because that's the
opposite of what we're expecting to see
from Tesla's V3. So figure does have the
actuators in the actual palm area of the
hand, not the forearm like Tesla was
supposedly doing. But as we know, Elon
recently said part of the patent that
was released about Optimus was not going
to work. So Tesla has changed course to
some degree. So in this case, all eyes
will be on the hands. Matt Mlullen, the
VP of sustainability at Covenant, the
new company doing a Tesla semi-pilot,
just said the pilot project went off
without any issues. Tesla's trip planner
makes range and energy predictions based
on distance, traffic, wind direction,
air temperature, weather, grade, driver
inputs. They've covered a lot of bases
to deal with range anxiety, and ensuring
state of charge will cover the load and
bring us home. The driver loved it,
which I wasn't expecting on the first
day as we were told the Center Drive
position takes some getting used to.
More on the economics soon. And SpaceX
might disclose its IPO prospectus filing
as soon as next week. The ticker is
SPCX. The date of IPO is said to be June
12th, and they're now looking for a
valuation around $2 trillion. Tesla
stock closed the day at $422.24,
24 cents down 4.75%
while the NDX was down 1.54%.
The volume was 19% below the average.
Don't forget, check out delete me linked
below for those interested. There's so
much nonsense taking place out there, so
I'd encourage you to do what you can to
protect your family. Hope you all have a
wonderful weekend. Don't forget about
the interview coming on Sunday. And a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.