Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Cybercab Will DOMINATE Transportation
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbljW_KPzNU
Published:   2026-07-10 20:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-10 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone is discussing why Tesla doesn't
launch Cyber Cap. Are we delayed? When
is this happening? Panic there, panic
here. I am not in that camp. And I'm
telling you guys, we are more than on
track. And the question whether we
launch Cyber Cap tomorrow or in August
or in September is completely
unimportant because what actually counts
is that Tesla gets to this critical
point where Cyber Cap is actually fully
autonomous. And of course a lot of
people think well is autonomous and
Tesla is already autonomous. I have FSD.
I'm driving around. It drives me around.
Why is it not autonomous? No. Complete
autonomy means that this cap can drive
itself without human intervention. It
means if you have a thousand cyber caps
on the road, there is no human
intervention anymore. There is no remote
operator anymore. Nothing is needed.
That is the precondition to actually
launch this at scale. And that is
exactly what Tesla is trying to get to.
They are trying to get to the point
where this thing is truly autonomous.
And true autonomy doesn't mean Whimo. It
doesn't mean tons of people in the back
office, in the Philippines, wherever,
watching every car, three people
watching one car forever. It means there
are no customers trapped inside the car.
Safety is not enough. You can't have
that stuff happening. It means that
these things are truly fully autonomous.
Okay? And
that is exactly what we are looking uh
that is exactly what we are looking at
here. Soya merit also talking about the
Cyber Cap and Tesla on the Cyber Cap in
new report. We plan to deploy Cyber Cap
as the primary vehicle in our robo taxi
fleet. It eliminates the need for a
steering wheel pedals and traditional
controls, freeing up cabin space and
ultimately reducing weight and oper
operational costs. It is designed as an
compact two-seater because more than 85%
of ride hailing trips carry only two
passengers or less. Everyone knows that
it also leverages our unboxed
manufacturing process that builds the
vehicle in parallel instead of using
traditional sequential manufacturing
lines leading to a more efficient use of
the factory space. Furthermore, CyberCap
is manufactured from lightweight
reactive injection molded panels that
eliminate the need for a traditional
paint shop. Cybercap also includes a new
drive unit that eliminates reliance on
critical minerals that can be costly,
difficult to procure from China. Of
course, these innovations deliver a step
change reduction in vehicle bill of
material and manufacturing costs while
aiming to meet and in some cases exceed
the global safety standards.
So, we have to understand what's
happening here. Tesla is actually
focusing on exactly that. These
innovations deliver a step change
reduction vehicle bill of material
manufacturing costs. Why is this so
important? Why is Tesla the first
company that goes out of its way to
reinvent the entire manufacturing
process so it becomes cheaper to
manufacture? Why? You have probably
heard about the unbox process. You have
heard that everything changes. It's not
con conventional conveyor belts. They
can basically build the components of
each cyber cap in parallel and then plug
them together, box them, unbox them
together, whatever.
And that leads to massive, massive
production efficiencies. And there's
also here for example a report m economy
shared that Tesla cuts cyber cap paint
cycles from hours to minutes with a new
molding process. The company says the
change cuts manufacturing and supply
chain emissions for those parts by 35%.
It eliminates 100% of the volatile
organic compounds. The process here this
is the important thing. Uh it cuts cyber
cap pain cycles from hours
to minutes. Okay. It's nice that we
don't have volatile organic compounds. I
hate this stuff, by the way. VOCC's are
horrible for your for your mind, for
your brain. They're the worst thing. I'm
very allergic to them. But the important
thing is here we are cutting also this
very important piece of the
manufacturing process, the paint shop
from hours here from hours to minutes.
So I want to steer your attention to
this fact. We are dramatically reducing
the time it takes to manufacture these
things. We are also systematically
reimagining the entire manufacturing
process to bring down the cost
and we are also reducing the dependency
on rare earth materials and stuff like
that to make sure we can produce them.
What does it all tell you? What is the
common thread here between all these
things? The common thread is that Tesla
believes, not just believes, invests a
lot of money to make sure Cyberap can be
the most manufactured vehicle in the
history of humanity and that it can do
so be so. Now Tesla is absolutely
focusing on making this thing the most
efficiently produced the most
efficiently and costefficiently and
timeefficiently produced car that was
ever produced.
And why is that so important? Because
Tesla understands that the demand for
this car will be infinite. And I will
explain to you very quickly why that is
the case. Because here you see the Tesla
base EBIT earnings currently projected
for $4.5 billion in 2026. We have to
understand that 100,000 robo taxis added
to Tesla deployed in the field make you
$5 billion in additional profit. 100,000
robo taxis make you $5 billion which is
100% more than the entire Tesla company
right now. We have to understand if you
deploy 1 million robo taxis that
actually work, go to work, drive to
work, you make $50 billion, which is
over 10 times the amount of earnings of
Tesla today. And that is independent of
other Tesla verticals independent of
Optimus, independent of the current
business. And now the question is why
would you need a 100,000 robo taxis? Why
would you need a million robo taxis? And
how many robo taxis can you actually
deploy? And I will explain this to you
now. If you have a robo taxi driving
around and that robo taxi doesn't need a
driver, it brings down massive massive
massive massive costs. And that means
you can pass on cost savings to riders.
And that means you can lower the cost
per ride by 50% or more per mile
compared to Uber. Okay. Hey, on this
channel we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. And that means you can expand and
eat up Uber's lunch. You can take over
the ride share market. And if you want
to know what that means in cars, look at
this. Uber does not publicly disclose
the exact number of cars that are Ubers,
but rather counts its active drivers.
Globally, there approximately 5.4
million to 10 million active drivers and
couriers. In the United States
specifically, there has been 1.5 million
Uber drivers and 44 million riders. That
means roughly 1.5 million cars. Okay,
maybe it's 1 million cars. You have 1
million Uber cars. That's not counting
and others. So let's say 1.5 to 2
million are currently deployed cars in
the right sharing market. But you also
have to understand that if you cut the
price of right sharing by 50% which
Tesla now can do without actually making
less money, they're making more money.
They cut it in half and still make more
money than Uber because the driver is
the main cost driver. No pun intended.
If that happens, you will expand the
ride sharing market dramatically. Okay,
not double it. You will probably
quadruple or more the right sharing
market because that is German's paradox.
If you bring down the price, you make
more money because much more people
utilize your service or product. And
that's exactly what's happening. And
that is why considering that you have
all these cars that I think the
following will happen. It will be
manufacturing constraint and I think
this year 2027 28 29 2030 this is all of
course
conditional. Here's my table. This is
all conditional on the fact that I
believe that cyber will become
operational this year. Okay. Probably
this quarter by the way. I think it
could happen in July, maybe in August,
maybe in September, but it definitely in
my opinion will happen. There are many,
many signs for that because Cybercap is
getting scaled and cannot make money if
it's not being deployed. And the fact
that it's scaling is a direct hint that
Tesla sees the light at the end of the
tunnel on a short time period and
believes they can actually make this
thing work very, very soon. And once
they can make this work and it's fully
autonomous, they can ramp. And that's
why they are so focused on making this
very very efficient the manufacturing
process because they will need to
manufacture a lot of them fast. So this
is relatively conservative this table.
It assumes we produce 100,000 robo taxis
next year, 200,000 the year after,
400,000, 800,000. So we doubling
manufacturing every year. I think they
can do better, but let's see. But that
means also because these are not sales,
okay? These are fleets. So the first
100,000 produced stay in the fleet. And
that means your fleet, the thing that
actually makes money, grows faster than
100%. It grows from 100 to 300 to 700 to
1.5 million robo taxes by 2030. And when
you look at what that does to Tesla
earnings, it's very simple. Tesla
earnings add 100% earnings next year.
Then they add 300% compared to this year
in 2028. They add 700% compared to this
year in 2029 and they're adding 1,500%
earnings by 2030 compared to this year.
75 billion. And I think this is
conservative because everything hinges
just on the question, does FSD work? Do
we achieve full autonomy? And can we
deploy these cars? If the answer is yes,
and I've said this again and again on
this channel, I've said it again and
again in other interviews on Herbert's
channel and so on and so forth. It is
singular in a singular way only a
question of does FSD work and that means
can cybercap be deployed in commercial
operations with no humans with no
control necessary in a truly autonomous
way and at the millisecond that happens
the demand for these things will be
infinite
up to some point that is probably in the
tens of millions of cars deployed
because when you bring down the cost of
transportation, when you cut it in half
or more to $1 or whatever per mile,
everyone will start using these things
and the demand will be massive. And with
massive demand, you have massive network
effects, you have massive cyber cap
fleets, you have super minimal weight
times, everything then becomes an
economies of scale game. And that is why
these need to be manufactured. And that
is exactly why people are so bullish on
Tesla stock despite it being sad right
now. And all of this will start
happening at a massive scale at massive
growth rates at the millisecond where it
starts to work. And that is the big bet
that you and me and everyone in Pioneer
Lands and everyone who likes Pioneer
Alpha has to take. When is that point in
time? Is it in July? Is it now? Is it in
August? Is it in September? Or is it in
2027? Do we have to wait another year? I
do believe it's this year. And I do
believe once it it happens, all these
obstacles people are talking about
regulations. Forget it. That's not an
obstacle. Manufacturing. Well, here you
have it. It's not an obstacle. Demand,
forget it. That is not an obstacle. I
think there is no obstacle. It just has
to work. And I do think it will work
this year. And then the floodgates open.
That is my quick case just reinvigorated
through this impact report here where
people talk about all the innovations of
robo taxi. I hope that was interesting
and see you tomorrow.