Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Cadillac Escalade IQ Suspension and Chassis Review
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGlG9fPivcI
Published:   2026-04-17 20:02 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-17 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello everyone. Welcome back to Mineral
Live. I'm Kevin and behind me we have
the 2026 Cadillac Escalade IQ.
This particular vehicle we have here, I
think it's clocking in at just over
$150,000.
Um, and as we kind of will see here
shortly, it's it's very very similar,
which is good to see to the S Silverado
EV that um, a gentleman had brought in,
gosh, probably about a year or so ago,
where we did see some differences
between the the GMC Hummer EV and the
Silverado, although they're, you know,
largely based on the same architecture.
Um, we saw a lot of differences in their
control arms and things of that nature.
Cradle mounting points specifically in
the rear from the Hummer to the
Silverado. So, as we kind of come under
the vehicle itself here,
you know, we kind of look at this corner
here,
you know, the aluminum control arms,
pretty much everything about the front
suspension looks identical uh to the
Silverado, which again is good. As we
look towards like the overall brake
package, you know, a big theme when we
talked about the Silverado and obviously
with the Hummer is the weight. Um,
obviously it's very large. This is
probably coming in around just over
9,000 lb. Um, and you can see that just
how the weight kind of cascades through
whole systems, right? The size of the
ball joints, the size of the the strut
pickup points here. They're doing dual
mounts here, checking them um twice it
looks like here for quality checks as
they come through. Um, just the overall
size of the system is is very very
large.
One thing I I do find interesting cuz uh
we'll do another video cuz we actually
do have um a torn down IQ coming in from
A21. Uh, so we'll probably go through
the entire body in white and some of the
other chassis systems a little bit more
in depth. We're going to keep this
pretty high level, but having a chance
to see this all together. I'm not sure
if you're going to be able to see this
too much, but we looked at the
Silverado. We didn't do a tear down on
the Silverado. And then when we looked
at, you know, with the Hummer we had, we
only had certain portions. But, you
know, you can see right there the the
bumper beam. And it's pretty
traditional. From right here, it looks
like it's probably like a roll form, you
know, steel section, but it's only
coming to like roughly this threshold of
the vehicle. So, a lot of times when we
do these reviews, we talk a lot about
Sorb. Um, in the past from and we've
looked at a lot of Hyundai Kia, you
know, they for a long time, a long time,
they were not really doing a lot of like
essentially um,
uh, like offensive SORB countermeasures
where you would see them reinforcing
anything front of like front of axle.
This vehicle actually surprisingly has
not a lot of what we would kind of kind
of consider offensive kind of measures.
The rails are spled as they work
outwards, but not coming into that 25%
overlap threshold.
It makes me kind of think when you when
you look at the overall size of the
vehicle, more specifically because of
the Ultium pack and the height that it
drives, this very large section, the
torque box, they're they're probably
able to manage most of that just here
within the body structure itself, the
battery, how the cradle kind of overlaps
with the battery. Um, which from like a
I would say an overall systems
perspective is nice to have because for
those particular events, you know, you
end up throwing a lot of weight and cost
out to the front of the vehicle for a
very particular event, um, it's
important because it's a violent crash
event. Um, but if you can get away from
not just throwing mass and weight up
there and manage it through the rest of
the the body structure or the chassis
systems, I I would consider that a plus.
Unfortunately, given the volume of these
vehicles, they're relatively low. I'm
not sure if we'll ever see IHS, you
know, crash one through Sorb, but when
you look at some of the the endcap
testing and testing, they do well. So,
there's no reason to suggest that um,
you know, GM is not necessarily, you
know, protecting for that.
But, as we kind of look at these rails,
you kind of can see here that this front
lower crossmember here for the front
cradle, you have all your your mounting
points for the cooling module. So, more
than likely, this is all getting decked
up to the vehicle with one point. It has
kind of like an angled intake interface
and you can kind of see that here.
They are doing you know dual shot.
Cooling system ducting. I mean ducting
super important for like aerothermal
efficiency. Um and they are still doing
dual shot. A lot of people started
transitioning to essentially single shot
and doing just really thin wall sections
here. Um and getting the flexibility
they need out of like a single material.
Um but they are still doing dual shot.
The entire front cradle is steel. Um it
does kind of surprise me from like a
volume perspective. You know, maybe they
anticipated significantly higher
volumes. Typically in some of the lower
volume Cadillacs in the past, like with
the CT um 5, like the Omega platform in
general, you know, on the body structure
itself, you know, if they had a lot of
nodal castings, a lot of use of castings
in the the subframes on those particular
vehicles. Um and in some in some manners
on lower volume applications, you know,
the investment for stampings can be very
high. So, um I am surprised just in
general not to see more here, but that
could be a balance between functional
performance, weight, and crash safety.
So, but as we kind of look through it,
you know, the steering rack was forward
of the the front drive module assembly.
Literally, as far as I can tell here,
it's pretty much a carbon copy um of the
Silverado that we have seen. So, same
thing with the Hummer V. I think even
its front cradle was very, very similar.
the the differences that we saw looking
from the Hummer to the Silverado were
primarily in the rear cradle and its
shape and the orientation of the control
arms um themselves.
Um you can kind of see here the motor
mounts reach forward. They come in kind
of flank the front motor bay rail as we
spoke about before.
You know, these are essentially aside
from the shock towers themselves which
are large castings. Again, they appear
to be pretty much identical from what I
can see from here. uh the steel motorway
rails very very similar to the Silverado
they essentially are doing from what I
can feel when you look at this box
section on the top here they are doing
essentially an upstanding spot weld
flange and they're probably piggybacking
and grabbing that casting and mounting
to it with SPRS down here you can see
they're doing one-sided assembly MIG
welding operations and tying up you know
a pretty substantial overlap between the
materials um I can feel through here
it's come essentially right through here
so not too terrible
You can see also some tailor welds. So,
they're changing material grades, you
know, which makes sense from essentially
where you have um likely some harder
materials here to facilitate mounting
and then essentially potentially softer
ones, you know, coinciding with these
little bird beaks here in the motorbay
rail here in the cradle to essentially
get some of this material to flex and
move outward as um you know, you you get
into a front impact and you start to
kind of stack up these you know, these
hard points within the front end of the
vehicle.
The drive module looks pretty much
identical for the one that we've seen
here. So, you know, you have outer, your
differential, your differential kind of
carrier assembly here, your two gaskets
on either side. Does kind of give you
some uh advantages as far as how the
differential is supported from a bearing
protect uh perspective, but you end up
with some a little bit of complexity
with not only this piece, the machining
ops and the ceiling.
We have our oil pump here. You can see
here in the back of our our plate
cooler, the exchanger, the high voltage
power electronics are on top. I'm not
sure if we talked about this last time,
but when you look at where the sway bar
mounts on the back of the cradle, I
can't help but think that when you look
at here, these these rear castings on
these mounts, maybe if you want to take
a look here, Eric, um it may be a little
excessive for material, but it kind of
screams to me that um you know, some the
Audi's have done this in the past and
the BMWs where they've captivated sway
bars um between both body structure and
cradle structure in the past. You don't
necessarily need to do it, but it's it's
right there. It screams to me like it
wants to be, but I bet you if I ran the
numbers, how much aluminum you end up
adding, it probably would be more
expensive to do that. So,
&gt;&gt; everything that's visible, and you
always got to point to stuff that
&gt;&gt; that's where the interesting stuff is.
Um, while you're here, you can see
essentially, you know, GM has has done
this for for a number of years.
Essentially, castilization. Um, here on
these stampings, you can see real nice
clean spot welds as they kind of come
through here. They're sealing on the
top. They leave this open here more than
likely for for drainage.
I don't see it so much on this, but some
of their past vehicles, they'll they'll
both scallop and castillate, you know, a
lot of their joints. So, they'll
wherever there's material not needed,
they'll cut it out for the scallops to
save some weight. And it does matter
when you start, you know, doing an
entire body in white that way. Um, and
then essentially, um, the the
castization can help with panel nesting,
water drainage and clearing, um, and
just getting getting moisture out and
away from the body and white and panel
forming as well. But as you saw, like
everything is is just very very large on
this vehicle. I just want to draw some
attention here to the other side of the
the wheel. You can see in through here.
So, you know, this is probably cast and
then turned wheel. And you can see
they're doing plastic inserts as well.
All this is something that we've seen
like trending here recently and arm and
I kind of key into it.
They're not taking on this particular
package. You know, full advantage I
would say if we want to spin around,
but
plastic inserts we're seeing a lot of.
So you have essentially a machined face
here. The wheels are being painted.
They're machining and cleaning this
face. Then they're clear coating. If
they wanted to, they probably made a
decision with this particular package
color or whatnot. Just they wanted it
all black. But then you could
essentially do, you know, a single
metallic black here and then these
boltin plastic accent pieces. You know,
you could do like a a gunmetal gray or
metallic or whatever else just to draw
some more attention here. And then
obviously you could swap these out to
give, you know, a little bit more um
options and customability
customizability to, you know, your wheel
sets.
As we move on to the vehicle, we kind of
talked about this before. So, they're
doing, you know, essentially kind of
like a a sandwiched
I don't want to call it a skid plate,
but, you know, underbody protection is
closing out the bottom portion of the
pack. So, um we'll probably go to the
rear cuz it's a little bit easier to see
on the rear side, but they have
essentially like kind of a layered um
structure like a wafer. They're laser
welding a lot of this. So they
essentially have their bonding, spot
welding, and then this doubling up of
this kind of um structural offset wafer
is all laser welded as you can kind of
see through here.
So, a fair bit of time and they're not
that expensive, but the cells do
generally run uh a little bit more than
your MIG welding cells, but they're much
cleaner and plants generally prefer,
aside from the cost, laser welding cells
over MIG welding cells. Um, they don't
really like MIG welding cells from some
of the environmental aspects of that
cell itself. So, little differences
here. This is kind of be expected from
uh just managing air differently from
the Silverado. The Silverado, these were
kind of on an angle and then all this
was a little bit different. So
realistically with the wheelbase
differences, you you know, we were able
to see a little bit more with the
Silverado largely as far as like the
rear structure, control arms, rear drive
module, all that stuff is essentially
the same. Here you can kind of see a
little bit inside with just again the
size and of the structure itself. You
know, these members are very large. It's
a unibody structure, but it's when you
look at the size of the sections here,
it it's reminiscent essentially of um
you know, your full size body on frame
trucks. And then just a lot of gusseting
to kind of bridge these key nodes on the
vehicle since it is unibody since we do
have the wheel off. And you can kind of
see here again to kind of just the point
of the overall size of the vehicle.
So um kind of like a relatively drawn
U-shape shaping here form the top
portion of the rear dampener mount. It's
coming up and it's coming right
alongside essentially the inner rail
structure itself as it comes into like a
secondary structure out here on the
outboard side of the rail where you're
starting to create the wheelhouse. Um,
and then you can just see how it kind of
coincides. And again, these are pretty
there's a lot of form here and they have
essentially they're doubling up. So you
have your inner stamp bucket here and
then they reinforce that coming and
sleeve it around to get up to this like
kind of secondary rail that they have
for the damper pocket for the air
suspension. But it really just kind of
shows as that comes around here and then
the the shock tower for this kind of
comes through. They both tie together
here. These joints overlap. So there is
a lot um of overlapping material to get
these various kind of structural mon
monuments to tie together to help manage
just all your overall inputs um from the
road into the vehicle body structure
itself. So with these tubes typically
speaking you know you'll mandle bend the
tubes themselves and you kind of have
this gusset coming off this lower
controller mounting point. But you can
see as it moves rearward, the sweep
changes, little bit of clearance to uh
get around the CV axle, but as we come
more rearward, if you want to look
specifically up here, Eric,
you know, you got to manage um how they
kind of tuck that tube down. So, you
know, hydroforming is is great, but you
do have essentially a constant diameter
that you have to work with. And let's
see here. I just want to make sure this
isn't two separate pieces. Nope. So, as
you look rearward, as this comes through
here, if you want to look on the
outside, you can see how they change the
section and it starts losing some of
that cross car width and starts going
more vertically oriented because they
have to manage the material back here.
And they get a little bit better example
back here. So, that's kind of a cool
example. Um, and you can see how much
thinner this is. And some tool marks
here. So that could be from the mando
bedding itself or essentially when the
the tool closes on uh the bent pipe
itself and then they pump in uh water to
kind of form the overall uh tube
section. But that's a really nice
example essentially maintaining that
overall sectional area but tailoring it
as it moves through the sweep of that
section.
Okay, so as we kind of come over here to
the back just highle overview. So this
does have air suspension. You can see
the essentially the the air bladder
itself here. It's disassociated from,
you know, the dampener. Um, as we move
rearward, they're both separate mounts.
And we kind of come down. I'm going to
take a look in through here. It's a
little bit easier to see. You can see
the upper control arm. Uh, a lot of
times these upper camber arms or control
arms here, they have a lot of sweep.
This one does have some pretty funky
geometry, which is why they've gone into
aluminum to get these nice tight
radiuses that they have here. Um, as you
can kind of see right through here, you
know, real tight goose neck as it comes
around.
So, you have that front U mount here and
the rear comes up. You have an extruded
bushing can here that bolts and sleeves
over that um, hydroform rail section and
then comes out with the ball joint to a
forged um, knuckle coming down itself
into a very very large, you know,
stamped um, steel lower control arm.
Again, you get to see that kind of the
the the birth uh where the the the
uh the air bladder for the uh air sus
suspension sitting. They double wall the
the the mounting points for the dampener
itself. Kind of close off the front for
arrow. Probably gets a mean whistle and
probably had to add this. Um and then
you can just see the access for tool
heads coming into fixture and fasten
this. But again, very very large sweep
as you look through the side here. Um,
one of the thing that's kind of
interesting,
you know, with the rear steer and and
um, you know, the ability and the
clearance as it comes out here, quite a
bit of material, um, you know, be used
to push this surface out and then
essentially they have a
like a cast ball joint, you know, um,
mount here. So, um, we've seen this on
Toyota does this a lot. um but just what
they probably need they can't
necessarily get within the stamping
itself. So they brought this in, welded
in. They're going to have that cast um
you know ball joint surface for the ball
joint to sit and seat in and rolled
stamped aluminum um
um brake dust shields. It's interesting,
you know, there's this goes back and
forth all the time in the industry
between steel and aluminum. you know,
there's the cost of aluminum. A lot of
times just a raw uh aluminum uh brake
shield though kind of wins out, you
know, for a weight. Um where the steel
ones you cut the ecoat, so there's some
processing there. So, it depends. Um
with aluminum prices the way they are
now, it's probably a little bit rough in
comparison to steel, but overall
relatively conventional for the rear
corner suspension layout. So, thanks for
watching. Stay tuned. We are going to go
through this in a little bit more detail
for exterior and interior. And then when
we get a little bit more time, we're
going to lay out some of the parts that
we have here from A2 and go through all
this in a little bit more detail. So,
thank you.