Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       The Most Unbelievable Rocket Launch In History (Starship V3 First Launch)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSGc4dj3G7k
Published:   2026-05-23 00:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-23 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oh,
this is a view from
from one of those satellites as we
deployed a flashlight turning on taking
a look at Starship in space.
The way this system is set up is the
satellites are essentially recording it,
then making contact with our Starlink
constellation, and then transferring
that video back down to us on the
ground. That's a Starship in space. So,
aside from just being really cool, this
was our test to try and develop a free
flyer that we could fire outside of
Starship's payload bay.
&gt;&gt; Nice. 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 ignition.
We have liftoff.
Set you down range.
booster chamber pressure nominal.
All right, we are t plus 30 seconds into
flight. See a 33 out of 33 Raptor 3
engines on booster V3 ascending over the
Gulf now. Coming up on maximum
aerodynamic pressure.
&gt;&gt; Booster and ship. Avionics power
telemetry nominal.
&gt;&gt; Systems looking good. We're just passing
through the period of maximum dynamic
pressure.
A little over a minute into flight now.
Vibrations chilling out here at Star
Factory as we continue to watch Starship
Flight 12 arc out over the Gulf. The
next major thing coming up is going to
be hot staging.
&gt;&gt; Booster process.
&gt;&gt; Reminder, we do what's our version of
Mo. Most engines cut off. So, we're
going to shut down all but five of the
Raptor engines on the booster.
And then after that happens, we're going
to ignite the six engines on ship while
it is still attached.
We have clamps that hold the two
together. Those are going to retract
inside of that hot stage ring, kind of
protect them.
Look like we had one of the engines go
out. Still flying on 32 of the Raptor
engines. But again, once we get the hot
staging, those six engines on the ship
are going to ignite.
We're going to do it in a little bit
different of a of a of a sequence on
version three. Essentially, those three
ARVAC engines will ignite first. Almost
immediately after, just one of those
central engines is going to ignite. And
that's going to give the booster a bit
of a kick, sending it in a known
direction, followed shortly after by the
other two.
&gt;&gt; We're through Mo. separation.
There you go. Successful hot staging
separation.
We are not seeing as many booster
engines ignite as we expected for boost
back, but we are seeing six good engines
lit on ship.
It looks like we just had an early boost
back shutdown. Again, a reminder, the
booster was planned to essentially head
into the Gulf uh for a splashdown, but
it has shut its engines down early on
into boost.
And we just see one of the Arvac. So,
we're now running on five engines on
ship.
We do have engine out capability, so
it's going to continue into its ascent.
You got booster on the left there, ship
on the right.
&gt;&gt; Ship avionics power.
&gt;&gt; Not planning on bringing the booster
back for this flight as this was the
very first time.
All right, so we're about 3 minutes 50
seconds into today's flight. Uh just a
reminder, the the ship planned to burn
its engines uh for about 8 minutes and
change. Uh about 8 minutes and 11
seconds was our planned timeline for
today. Uh that could shift slightly as
we do have one engine out running on one
fewer Arvacs.
Again, continuing to watch. So booster
did not complete its boost back burn. We
would not see all of the engines ignite
that we expected.
Are continuing to get some views from it
though. That's going to make a splash
down somewhere in the in the Gulf.
Reminder, we clear air, sea space,
everything uh for these launches.
All right. So, we are coming up on T + 5
minutes.
Ship continuing to fire. Five of the
six.
Standing by for callouts. Making sure
ship's on its planned trajectory. Again,
we are planning a suborbital trajectory
for the ship today.
booster giving us some views as it
continues to make its way back down
towards the water.
All right, so a little over five and a
half minutes in flight. Kate, Jake, you
guys with me? Looks like booster
starting to come in hot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we had a the opportunity to stand
outside to watch launch and wow that was
incredible.
Yeah, that was really loud, really
shaky, and I was actually surprised how
fast the booster got off the pad or the
whole stack. That was that was quite
incredible.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, we have views here from
the booster coming back down, making its
way into the Gulf.
Pretty cool to see.
&gt;&gt; Healthy chamber pressures on five out of
six ship engines.
&gt;&gt; Great news there for Starship.
Once again, we were not going to bring
the super heavy booster back to the
tower. We were planning on having it
land in the Gulf.
And it looks like the booster ended its
mission there in the Gulf. But we've got
a ship still flying. Great to see that.
still have five out of six engines there
on S39.
&gt;&gt; Yes, we also heard good chamber
pressures as well on those engines that
are lit. We do have engine out
capability. We do see that we have one
of the Arvac, one of the Raptor vacuum
engines that is currently out, but
that's okay. Ship is continuing on.
Amazing views of planet Earth there in
the background.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I love the S39 decal there. That
just gives the gives the ship a little
bit of character. And again, all these
great views brought to you by Starlink,
of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Obligatory shout out to the entire
Starship avionics camera electronics
team did a whole lot of work to to get
these upgraded cameras.
A look inside of the ship skirt. You can
see those three center engines ignited.
The Arvax continuing to fire as well.
We did we did see at least a couple
engines fire up on booster for that
landing burn before we lost contact with
it.
We should have just a little over 20
seconds to go. We'll see if the burn
extends a little bit
uh for the engine out. Essentially, you
can run your engines a little bit longer
or throttle up a little bit more to
account for the the one engine not being
lit. So right now we are standing by for
SECO
and again we are continuing to go a
little bit longer.
Five engines still burning on ship. We
are coming up on T + 9 minutes
and starting to see shut down.
Arvacs have shut down. Sea levels have
shut down.
Seeing if we can get an update on the
ship orbit insertion, but we have shut
down again. We did run longer as we were
engine out. We were flying with five of
those six Raptors pretty much the whole
time.
&gt;&gt; Ship FTS is saved.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, we definitely got a
ship in space right now.
&gt;&gt; As you can see, the teams are incredibly
excited to see Starship there in space.
We are awaiting the call out of nominal
uh uh insertion. So, we're going to
stand by for that. We can see the flaps
uh moving here actuating. But wow, the
the cheers here in the lobby are
certainly almost as loud as liftoff was.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, man. Lot of action going on.
And you know, we said at the top of the
show, excitement guaranteed. And we're
only 11 minutes in. We still have a lot
more to go here on the mission today.
So, uh, all objectives are done on the
booster. So, now all eyes are on the
ship as we get ready for our in space
objectives.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, like I said, we're still
standing by to hear the call out for
nominal orbital insertion, but we've got
a few minutes uh before the next
milestone. So, we're going to continue.
We've got some amazing views here of the
ship. Wow. It's just that this is our
planet. This is our home. As a reminder,
the objectives for ship today uh not
only included the separation that we saw
uh but we're also planning to deploy 20
uh Starlink simulator satellites as well
as two Dodger dog satellites. It that's
what our internal teams refer our to as
our uh our newer satellites. Um we saw a
preview of those earlier. We should see
those deployments here in a little bit.
We're also hoping to perform uh a
relight of a Raptor engine as well.
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's exactly right. And the
relight will look a little bit different
this time. We're hoping to get a little
bit of a longer duration. Of course, we
got to see once we get there. And uh
that relight won't actually be changing
our orbit necessarily, but we're doing
it more so as a technology
demonstration.
For those of you that maybe just
recently tuned in, you missed a a a
pretty exciting almost 13 minutes, uh,
we had a liftoff uh, pretty much on time
almost right exactly at 5:30 p.m. We did
have a brief hold at the t-minus 42nd
period, but we were able to proceed
through that and we saw a gorgeous
liftoff. Uh, Jake and I were able to
stand outside and witness that with all
of our colleagues and what a moment.
I'll tell you what, it is a heck of a
lot louder out here than it was at Ad
Astra.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And um a couple things I
noticed on the way uphill today on the
ship. So, uh obviously it looks like we
lost one of the Arvacs on the way, but
um that is a good way to demonstrate our
potential engine out capability there.
So, and I think we actually saw the
three gimbling engines kind of gimble
over a little bit to compensate for that
offset and thrust. So, that was really
cool. That's something I know the team's
been uh we've analyzed that since flight
one all the way back. So, um it's
something that we've thought about quite
a bit and uh it was kind of cool to see
it in action in in real life today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely.
If you couldn't tell, Jake is on the
Raptor team.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But one uh one nonRaptor thing I
noticed also back on the uh when we had
the shot of the aft flaps. Uh it's it's
a little little weird. We have tiles on
the leeward side. So, uh, not on the
side where we're going to see heating.
And you might be asking, why are we
putting tiles there? I had the same
question, actually. Actually, so I
talked to some of our heat shield
engineers the other day, and we're
actually running. Yeah, here's the shot
right here. Great. So, the fact that
we're seeing all these tiles still on
the flap right now is really good
because that actually was one of our
experiments where we wanted to test
different connection methods uh on the
way uphill on ship. So, actually ascent.
So it looks like most if not all the
tiles are still hanging on there. So
that's actually a really good data
point.
&gt;&gt; Looks pretty good to me. Now once again
this view is from the side of Starship
which is uh basically the second stage
of the Starship vehicle as a whole. This
is one of the flaps on the vehicle that
helps to control its position and
attitude as it is orbiting
and also helps to control during
re-entry as well. That's a critical
phase. Um, I mentioned earlier that
we're hoping to deploy those Starlink
satellite uh simulators as well as um
perform an inspace relight of a Raptor
engine. If all of that goes well, we
will be targeting a soft splashdown in
the Indian Ocean. We heard from Seren on
the recovery team a little bit earlier.
They are standing by waiting uh to
receive the ship that we see here.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's send it upstairs. Dan,
how's it looking? Hey guys, we are
looking good. It does look like we are
within bounds of what we analyzed if we
were down one of our ARVAC engines. So,
I wouldn't call it nominal orbital
insertion, but we're in an on a
trajectory that we had analyzed and it's
within bounds. So, uh teams continuing
to work through it with that engine out.
They're working some through some steps
on the engines. We probably will end up
skipping the Raptor relight um for
today, but it sounds like we should
still be on for payload deploy at least
at this time. So, very dynamic moments
right here with the ship. Uh but we do
have it in space. It is on a trajectory
now headed towards the other side of the
planet and then a splash down in the
Indian Ocean.
It's going to start to get darker. We're
heading into an orbital sunset. Um, so
we're gonna we're going to have darkness
for a little bit and then it'll brighten
up once we're on the other side of the
planet and hopefully looking at some uh
some good daylight when we re-enter into
the Indian Ocean. Right. So, we're a
little over 17 minutes into flight. If
you're just now catching up with us, uh
we did see a liftoff right at the top of
our window. Uh Super Heavy getting off
the pad, initially lighting all 33 of
those Raptor engines. Got through a
successful hot staging. initially lit
six engines on ship. Had one Arvac go
out on the way uphill, but still able to
make it into space.
And right now we're trying to see if we
are going to get into payload deploy.
Still coming up right on the part of the
timeline when we were expecting it. Look
inside a starship there. I see a door
opening.
Looks like Hal didn't wait. Pez door is
open. Just a reminder, we've got 22
deployables in the payload bay today. 20
of those Starlink mass simulators and
then two are our Dodger dogs, as we like
to call them, internally. Uh sitting up
their modified V2 Starlink satellites.
Those are going to be testing a bunch of
components that we're planning to fly on
uh Starlink V3. And we've also got them
outfitted with a number of cameras for
another tech demo that we're trying out
on this flight. We definitely are
looking for a way that we can look at uh
Starship's heat shield while it's still
in space. You can kind of only see so
much from the cameras and the flaps. You
can't see everything kind of on the
underbelly. And one of the only ways you
can do that is if you got something else
flying near it. So, uh, we're going to
attempt to, uh, our final two satellites
going out the door have a suite of
cameras on them that are going to be
looking back at the ship. We're going to
be in nighttime. And so, we've got,
sounds like we're getting into payload
deploy. We'll be in nighttime. They've
got some powerful
uh, flashlights on them to try and
illuminate the ship's heat shield while
we fly away from it. So, oh, we see some
PEZ motion.
Pew. Pew.
two down, 20 to go.
As a reminder, that's that's one of the
things that we upgraded in version
three. Kind of gave the a little soup up
to the the PEZ dispenser. So, those
satellites going to move out a little
bit quicker than they did on previous uh
Starship flight tests.
So, first two out the door. Two more on
their way out. We're down, 18 to go.
Flexing my basic math skills here today.
Again, the majority of this stack, 20 of
these 22 satellites, they're essentially
just mass simulators. So, they're
roughly the same size as those Starlink
V3 sats that we're hoping to fly later
this year.
And from this top down view, so you're
looking down at the stack, those two
satellites you see on the very top that
they'll look very different. They've got
solar arrays. They've got a bunch of
other deployables on them that we're
going to be testing out that are going
to be V3 tech. And they've got uh three
engineering cameras and then one other
camera that's hopefully going to be
giving us some views of Starship in
space.
But we will we will see how that works.
Again, this very much a tech demo. We're
going to deploy those. The satellite's
going to kind of try and turn everything
on, look back at Starship. And the
primary reason we're trying to do this
is to get some views of the heat shield.
&gt;&gt; All right, two more out the door.
&gt;&gt; Two more out the door. And I think that
counts or that comes up to eight total.
&gt;&gt; As you can tell, the teams are stoked to
see this demonstration happening. Uh
it's it's pretty incredible to see this
happening live from space. Now, as we
noted earlier in the show, but worth
repeating, this Starship version 3 is
built to deploy up to 60 of Starlink's
more advanced V3 satellites.
Everything's V3 designed to offer 60
terabits per second of downlink capacity
per satellite. Now that is 20 times more
than each Falcon 9 does today.
Incredible.
All right, I think that's number 10
going out the door.
Yeah, there it goes.
So yeah, the camera view you have on
your left screen there is basically
right at the bottom of the payload
volume. So the kind of dome-shaped
uh structure you see there is that's
actually the top of the fuel tank.
Then the camera view that you have on
the right is an external camera that we
have positioned so that you can see
basically the light through the open PEZ
dispenser door um that you see that's
that sliver of light. We can see the
Starlinks uh here deploying as each one
comes through.
As we mentioned, we have 20 of these
Starlink simulator satellites. And then
we have two of these specially modified
um as we call them, dodger dogs here
around here. Uh those, as Dan mentioned
earlier, they have some V3 tech on them,
some solar arrays, and uh those will be
the last two that will be deployed
today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And uh seeing this
like as I think Dan called him
turbocharged or supercharged uh PEZ
dispenser. Uh it's definitely coming out
much faster than our previous flights.
So that is really good to see. Uh yeah,
look at that.
And especially once we, you know, fill
Starship up all the way with around 60
or so of these Starlinks, being able to
deploy them fairly expediently, uh, you
know, is going to be important for
designing the overall mission profile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Now, fans of Starship may know that
Starlink enables lots of unprecedented
views both from space, as we see here,
and on Earth. In addition to the dozens
of cameras on Starship itself, we also
have mobile Starlink camera kits
deployed in the Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yes, Starlink also connects our aerial
cinematography units on the ground at
Starbase and at other strategic camera
spots around Texas.
&gt;&gt; It's all part of how it all comes
together
to tell the incredible story of Starship
both on and off planet.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
All right, we're we're getting low on
the stack. It looks like we got two more
of those simulators to go out and then
it will be time for our Dodger dogs,
those modified Starlink satellites.
Just a couple of updates while we
continue to watch payload deploy. did
get confirmation we're going to be
skipping that relight of the Raptor
engine um just due to everything that we
saw on the way uphill. Uh those sea
level engines, we're going to use them
for a landing burn though. They are
still capable uh to be used for that. So
we'll still look to do a controlled
landing in the Gulf,
but no inspace relight.
All
right, I think that's 19 and 20 headed
out the door.
And then coming up are our Dodger dogs.
So, these are modified V2 Starlink
satellites.
We do have a number of cameras on these
that are going to attempt to look back
at Starship. We're not going to get this
video in real time, but we're going to
try and turn it around if we do get some
video down. So, we don't worry if we get
views of Starship from these satellites,
we will be sharing.
And these these will be exciting because
again, they're really a tech demo
getting our chance to test out some of
the the technologies for version three.
All right, I think that's 18 and 20. My
basic math skills are failing. All
right, here we go.
Standing by for Starship, basically to
serve the first Dodger dogs to low Earth
orbit.
one out the door.
And from this view, you can kind of see
on the right side of the satellite, you
see some bright white spots. Those are
our flashlights beneath them. The camera
is going to attempt to look back and
image Starship's heat shield
as it flies slowly away from the
vehicle.
And there it goes.
Let there be light.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it almost looks like the light is
just shining right at us there.
&gt;&gt; If you couldn't tell, we're pretty
excited.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it is always sunny in space.
&gt;&gt; Always sunny in space. And that looks
like an empty payload bay. So, sure
does. That's exactly what you want to
see there. That's great. So, yeah, with
payload deploy complete. Oh, you can see
the door closing there. All right, there
we go. So, yeah, with payload deploy
complete, Starship will now close it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Starship. Uh, we closed the
payload door and we're going to continue
to coast around Earth all the way to the
Indian Ocean. All right. So,
surprise. Looks like our cameras did
work. We've made contact with both of
those satellites.
We're going to roll that back again.
Again, this is a view from
from one of those satellites as we
deployed. It looks like this was from
the last one out. Flashlight turning on.
Taking a look at Starship in space.
The way this system is set up is the
satellites are essentially recording it,
then making contact with our Starlink
constellation, and then transferring
that video back down to us on the
ground.
That's a Starship in space.
So, aside from just being really cool,
this was our test to try and develop a
free flyer that we could fire outside of
Starship's payload bay, look back at it,
and then do essentially a pirouette with
Starship to get a look at the heat
shield where it's going to be really
important when we start bringing these
things back for a catch, uh, which we
are hopefully doing in the not too
distant future, um, as they are intended
to be fully reusable. Uh, but this will
give us an opportunity to look at the
heat shield while Starship is still in
space. So, there was a glimpse. We'll
see if we get any more video down from
those satellites. But, I mean, that's
that's one we've been chasing for a
while. So, really cool to see it come to
fruition here on flight 12.
All right, coming up on 40 minutes 40
minutes into the flight and we should
start hitting the re-entry period uh in
the next
7 minutes or so. You'll start to see a
light show building up. Uh as we had
talked about, we did skip that on orbit
relight of the Raptor engine. It was not
needed uh for our trajectory or
anything. We are on this suborbital
trajectory to splash down in the Indian
Ocean. We are we are going to attempt a
landing burn. Uh we'll see how they
perform when we get there. And just a
reminder, we're going to be we are going
to be stressing the ship on the way in.
We're going to intentionally do a
maneuver where we're going to kind of
pitch the nose up and deploy those aft
those bottom flaps uh to really put a
lot of pressure on them. So, we'll see
how it does through that maneuver and
then we'll be doing kind of a final
banking turn before we get to a landing
burn. So, all that coming up in a few
minutes. The light show should start
beginning real soon.
&gt;&gt; Now, as you see on your screen,
currently the ship is re-entering the
Earth's atmosphere. This is the plasma
starting to build up on the exterior of
the vehicle. Now, we do not plan to
recover the spacecraft today, but rapid
and reliable reusability is the ultimate
goal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And re-entry is a
critical phase of flight and we need
information on how the ship systems
perform. Re-entry is an extremely
demanding portion of flight where we
essentially have to scrub all of the
energy we used to launch the rocket back
off in reverse. So the 18 million pounds
of thrust that we had off 33 of those
Raptor engines,
&gt;&gt; just a little,
&gt;&gt; just a little, we're now and then
another, you know, several minute burn
on the ship. We're now basically undoing
all that energy here uh via aerodynamic
braking essentially.
And of course, Starlink is a big part of
it as that's what allows us to actually
gather this data and show these live
views. And again, the data gathering is
really the main reason why we're doing
these flight tests. So, Starlink
provides us just one more path to
collect that data that ultimately allows
us to rapidly iterate Starship's design.
Now, if ship manages to make it all the
way through re-entry, we'll collect
valuable data on the spacecraft flying
through the Earth's atmosphere at these
hypersonic speeds, uh, which is
basically more than five times the speed
of sound. Now, we do anticipate that it
might be a little bit of a spicy
re-entry, so we'll see how far we get.
Re-entry is typically a portion of
flight where we don't have
communications with the spacecraft
because it's re-entering at or around
orbital velocity roughly 8 kilometers
per second. Uh or for those of us that
think in other units roughly 5 miles per
second. At those speeds, the spacecraft
is moving through the atmosphere and it
creates that plasma field that we saw uh
forming around the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And although the plasma looks
really cool, uh, it does distort some
communication frequencies. So, it's not
uncommon to experience brief blackouts
in communication.
Of course, thinking long term here,
Starship is designed to land on Mars
where there are no runways or other
humans to help out. That's why we're
going with the propulsive landing
instead of a more traditional means like
parachutes.
propulsive landing. Not only again is it
more cool, but it enables a rapid uh a
more rapidly reusable uh rocket.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, we should hear some call outs
as the ship makes its way back to Earth.
When we hear entry max heating and entry
max Q, that means the ship has made it
through the maximum heating and
aerodynamic loads that it will
experience as it's as it returns. So, if
we make it through those, we're doing
pretty well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
And you can see in the bottom left right
now we're at 23 and a half,000
kilometers per hour uh speed. That's
just crazy number to think about. Um but
as we keep progressing the mission we
are going to hear a call out when the
ship is transsonic and then subsonic.
So transsonic refere ref refers to the
period of flight where the velocities of
air flow surrounding and flowing past
the vehicle are concurrently below at
and above the speed of sound kind of in
that Mach 0.8 to 1.2 range. And for
reference commercial jets have a range
of cruising speeds but mostly fly around
Mach 74 to Mach.85.
And after we hear the call out that
Starship is transsonic, we should hear
the call out when Starship is subsonic.
This refers to speeds that are much less
than the speed of sound. So at this
point in the flight, ship's velocity
will be slowing down. Now we definitely
have a crowd still here in the lobby of
uh SpaceX headquarters down here at
Starbase Texas. Everyone is, you know,
loves watching ship re-entry. It's
always such amazing colors. It This must
be what it feels like to be one of those
uh praying mantis shrimp or mantis
shrimp. I'm not can't remember exactly
what the name is, but the ones that see
and billions of colors. This is the
closest I feel to being one of those.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. I think one other thing that's
cool to point out right now is uh look
in the bottom right, you can see where
we are on a globe there. We're squarely
in the Indian Ocean already. And We've
only been flying for 53 minutes. So,
pretty crazy. We went all the way from
Texas to the Indian Ocean in less than
an hour.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, she flies pretty fast.
&gt;&gt; She flies very fast.
&gt;&gt; All right, so the light show continuing.
We are through the period of peak
heating and we'll be looking at the peak
pressure coming up in the next couple of
minutes. The next 10 minutes are
probably going to be the spiciest of
entry today. As a reminder, we are going
to be doing uh some stress work on this
ship where we're going to do a maneuver
where we kind of uh kick the nose up to
fully deploy those a flaps uh to really
get a a good test of the structural
strength of that part of the ship. We
did that on one previous flight test on
version two. We're going to try and do
that today. Uh since we did skip the
inspace burn, we're carrying a little
bit of extra propellant in our header
tanks up in the nose and so that's going
to put a little bit of extra stress on
those forward flaps as we come in. So we
will see if they're able to hold through
through that re-entry. Um so that will
be another watch item. We did skip that
in space burn. Uh but we are expecting
at least two of those sea level engines
to try and ignite for a landing burn. Um
we entered the entry period in a good
attitude. Um so hopefully making our way
to the targeted splashdown point. We've
got that Starship recovery team standing
by and we should be about 10 minutes
away from splashdown. So lot of
excitement over the next couple of
minutes. Kate and Jake, let's see how
Starship holds up on the way in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and we just heard on the nets
there that engine chill has started. So,
essentially what that means is we are
prepping the landing engines by getting
them down to temperature ahead of that
landing burn later in the mission here.
&gt;&gt; And on a lot of our previous flight
tests, we've been removing a bunch of
the tiles. If you've watched those, we
were really intentionally trying to push
ship beyond its limits. Uh on the last
flight, we even had uh basically a hole
get punched into the liquid oxygen tank
that you could see when we did the
landing burn into the ocean and this
ship was still able to make it. But
right now, we're we're really going to
be testing the structural strength of
these flaps on the way in. Again, we're
this is a flight test. We're trying to
intentionally find where our limits are.
And in this view, you're looking at a
whole bunch of tiles. I think Jake
talked about it earlier. We bonded some
additional tiles to uh the the leeward
or kind of the metal side of Starship to
see how those different bonding
techniques would hold up. And looking
like we've got quite a bit still
attached.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And as we're going down through
the atmosphere here, we are at about
Mach 16.1.
So still extremely fast. Uh although we
have, you know, scrubbed off a
substantial
amount of our speed already altitude at
a little less than 60 kilometers.
&gt;&gt; All right, we're about 8 minutes away
from our targeted landing and splashdown
time. Again, this is when the ship's
going to start really
&gt;&gt; ship is approaching the end of the peak
heating region.
&gt;&gt; Just heard the call out. getting to the
end of the peak heating. So, the the
highest temperature the Starship's going
to see during its re-entry.
&gt;&gt; This camera angle changes as it is
attached to the forward flap on
Starship. So, we're actually
experiencing the articulation of that
hardware helping to steer the ship down
for its precise landing in the Indian
Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That is just a really cool uh kind
of cool piece of perspective there. I
know some people say it makes them a
little seasick, but I definitely love
it. Makes it feel like you're, you know,
you're really riding along with the ship
on the way down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And aside from just looking cool,
all these camera views providing just
really critical data on how the heat
shield, how the flaps themselves are
holding up. It's why we've got these in
the flaps and then all scattered all
around the ship. So you can see how they
hold up. There's some internal to the
vehicle too that and we're getting all
of this video back via Starlink. Even as
we're just enshrouded in plasma, we're
able to kind of operate at a high enough
frequency to punch through. And that is
blue ocean and sunlight you're seeing
just beyond the flap. So, we are coming
down into daylight, hopefully splashing
down in the next six minutes or so in
the in the Indian Ocean. Uh we've we've
still got a couple of maneuvers lined up
where we're going to be really stressed
in the flaps on the ship. So,
&gt;&gt; ship has passed through the peak heating
region. External temperatures are coming
down.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that is incredible news. As Dan
mentioned, we were expecting this
re-entry to be super spicy. Uh but
excellent news that we're now past that
period of peak heating and that now the
external temperatures are starting to
decrease.
Those heat shield tiles there on the
belly of the ship really doing a ton of
work to burn off all of that doing a ton
of work to burn off all of that inertia
that the vehicle had uh prior to
re-entering the atmosphere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can tell by the Gmemeter
down in the bottom right that we're
starting to pick up a couple more G's
here. So, we're definitely entering the
thicker part of the atmosphere where
we're scrubbing off all that energy like
Kate's saying.
&gt;&gt; All right, just about five minutes or so
to go. We're coming up shortly on the
the maneuver where we're going to it's
affectionately called the the flap slap
where we're going to kind of pitch the
nose up on the ship and you're going to
see those a half flaps, the ones in the
very bottom fully deploy.
&gt;&gt; Ship is at peak dynamic pressure.
And we're now at peak pressure.
Ship flap load test has started.
&gt;&gt; Looks like it's holding.
Again, the intent of that was to put
just a lot of extra stress on those a
flaps. We are expecting the forward ones
too, to see a little bit of extra stress
as we've got little more propellant in
our header tank. So, the area right at
the very nose of
&gt;&gt; blood test is complete.
&gt;&gt; And we're through that test.
&gt;&gt; There we go. And we just did that test
at Mach 7 just for reference there. So,
we are still going incredibly fast.
All right, we are just about three and a
half minutes or so away from our
targeted landing burn. Again, we're
expecting to try and see two of these
Raptor engines light for the landing
burn. Normally, we plan for three, but
we're going to give it a try with two.
Hopefully, we've got
&gt;&gt; starting the RTLS banking maneuver.
&gt;&gt; And that right there, so we're starting
a a banking maneuver. And essentially
what that is is when we come back to
Starbase or when we plan to come back to
Starbase, the trajectory is designed so
we'll essentially swing out over the
Gulf and do a swoop maneuver to then
come back to the towers for catch. And
so
we are doing that exact same maneuver as
we head towards our targeted splash down
in the Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, and that call out there that
we heard uh RTLS stands for return to
launch site. So definitely a pretty cool
thing we're demoing here on the ship,
you know, as in the future we are going
to be trying to bring the ship back to
the launch site, which is going to be
absolutely insane.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. But of course, we want to
test out these maneuvers, these
principles prior to actually bringing
the hardware back to the pad. This is
the same reason why we were um you know
intentionally not trying to bring the
booster back to the pad. So we're trying
all these things out in this
developmental phase of the vehicle uh
and you know really proving what a test
flight is.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Dynamic pressure is coming down.
&gt;&gt; All right. We heard there dynamic
pressure coming down and I'd say we're
in a pretty good bank right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Executing the power slide. We're
about 90 seconds away from our
anticipated landing burn. Clouds coming
up. Pretty sunrise on the other side of
the planet.
Starship is subsonic and is on target.
The crowd here reacting to that call
out, letting us know that we are on
target for this precise landing in the
Indian Ocean. This will once again be a
soft splashdown.
We should get some pretty cool views
from the recovery team who we chatted
with earlier. They are standing by to
receive this ship. Once again, this is
the first flight of our completely
redesigned Starship version three.
Yeah. And if you remember the suborbital
flights from a few years ago, this is
very much the same regime that we're in
here. So, we're sub 15 kilometers
executing what we call the belly flip
maneuver.
Ah, yes. Serial number eight. The first
belly flop. I remember it well.
Just some really amazing views of the
Earth as the ship is coming back home.
Thanks, Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see the aft flap there
making minor corrections.
&gt;&gt; Starship is turning for final approach
to landing site. Look at that turn.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Minor corrections and a
full turn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Starship doesn't fly like an
airplane. It's a lot more like a sky
diver.
Full belly flop on the way down. Using
those flaps similar to arms to help
change the the path of the air over you.
Coming up real soon. Again, going for a
landing burn. Trying to light two of
these Raptor sea level engines.
Landing burn startup.
&gt;&gt; Landing burn start up.
&gt;&gt; Two engine flip.
Successful flip.
Go.
Good shot.
Oh,
amazing.
That wall of fire is exactly what we
wanted to see for the ship today. As
weird as it may sound to to to hear, but
it is the truth.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely wild. We, you know, at the
beginning of the show,
&gt;&gt; we're pretty hyped.
&gt;&gt; We guaranteed excitement at the
beginning of the show and I'd say
Starship delivered.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely
an incredible day for Starship. That was
the first flight of that completely
redesigned vehicle. Uh, as you could
tell, the teams are incredibly proud of
uh what we just saw.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, V3 definitely showed up.