Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon & Jensen Announce Phase 2 / Surprise Robotaxi News ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeSd6727RuU
Published:   2026-08-24 22:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-24 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. Nvidia's new blog post
today. SpaceX AAI adopts Nvidia Vera CPU
to accelerate agentic AI at massive
scale. So SpaceX AI deploying these Vera
CPUs will bring the first CPU built for
AI agents to one of the world's most
ambitious AI deployments. And yes, a
large portion of this will be for things
like Grockbot, but we cannot forget
about Digital Optimus. And it's largely
the responsibility of these Vera CPUs
that will be orchestrating these tools,
executing code, processing data, and
running simulations between model calls.
So deploying more of these Vera CPUs
will help the AI agents to act faster
while keeping GPUs fed and fully
utilized. SpaceX AAI will expand its AI
infrastructure behind Grock on NVIDIA
Vera Rubin while extending an optimized
Vera Rubin NVL72 which is the fully
built rack into space with its firstg
Star Mind satellite. Vera gives AI
agents the CPU performance to act in
real time executing code processing data
and coordinating complex tasks. SpaceX
AI is taking this architecture from
massive AI factories to the next
frontier of compute in orbit. The
president of SpaceX AAI said, "Vera
gives us the CPU performance and memory
bandwidth to run enormous amounts of
orchestration code and data processing
while keeping GPUs doing what they do
best. That means higher performance AI
agents and more useful work from every
watt of compute. And Nvidia's Vera is
the first CPU built for AI agents
designed to accelerate the CPU inensive
work that surrounds model inference.
SpaceX AAI is developing AI computing
infrastructure for orbit where power,
thermal management, bandwidth,
reliability, and physical integration
impose dramatically different
constraints from conventional data
centers. And SpaceX AAI's first
generation Starmind AI satellite will be
based on the optimized NVIDIA Vera Rubin
and VL72 rack scale system. And Elon
said this optimized Vera Rubin NVL72
system will be ready for launch to orbit
in Q4 next year with significant scale
in 2028. Elon also said, "Our design is
significantly simpler, lower cost,
denser, and lighter than a traditional
rack." At this point, we still have very
real questions about the overall landed
cost for these orbital data centers.
Because on one hand, it's great that
this optimized version of the NVL72 rack
for space is going to be more
costefficient, but we're still left
wondering to what degree those savings
and other savings like interconnection
cues and everything with the grid. It's
one thing to sidestep those costs, but
we're also adding new costs like the
cost to orbit, aka launch cost and the
radiators and solar, and it should go
without saying, but ultimately we are
relying on Starship here to continually
launch faster to bring these costs down
even further. And it's an open question
how soon Starship will be able to launch
with any sort of frequency. Because
until SpaceX can get tens of thousands
of these Star Mind AI satellites into
orbit, this is all still hypothetical.
But important reminder, Elon said that
this optimized version of the NVL72 rack
will be going into groundbased data
centers as well. So, it is true that
this optimized rack design won't be
fully useless until Starship starts
launching with frequency, but that is of
course the critical path for the future.
Here's just a few data points to go with
this news from the Berkeley Lab, their
queued up 2026 edition. If you didn't
know, transmission providers require
proposed generation and storage plants
seeking to connect to the grid to
undergo a series of studies before they
can be built. Highle findings, roughly
2,61 gawatt of capacity was actively
seeking interconnection, which yes is
over 2 terowatt. And of that 1.3
terowatt was generation and 749 gawatt
was storage. The median project built in
2025 took 61 months from the
interconnection request to commercial
operations which yes is 5 years on
average from the initial request. These
trends raise concerns for meeting
growing electricity demand and meeting
resource adequacy requirements. And this
is crazy. Of the 2.3 terowatts of active
capacity in the 2024 interconnection
queue, only 53 gawatt reached
operational status in 2025, yielding an
annual throughput rate of just 2%. Now
to put that number into context,
historically from 2000 to 2020, on
average only 13% of these projects
actually reached commercial operation.
Some projects withdraw on their own.
Some don't get the funding they need.
But the overwhelming take-home point
here, these groundbased data centers
have a cap. The music is likely to come
to a screeching halt sooner rather than
later, which is why this release valve
of putting these data centers into space
is so critically important. And here you
have it. The UrkOT grid alone has 408
gawatts of capacity in the
interconnection queue which is second to
only the western region. And further
limited available transmission capacity
has resulted in high interconnection
upgrade costs which contributes to high
withdrawals and may deter developers
from submitting new requests. There was
a separate study from Berkeley Lab just
published June of this year. They're
estimating data centers could account
for about 12% of total US electricity by
2030. And for context, most reports
today have data centers consuming less
than 5% of electricity. So I think the
conversation has overindexed a bit on
availability of chips and the
conversation really should be on the
availability of power and data from
earlier this month. Large power
transformers can take three to five
years to procure with some generator
stepup units averaging 130 weeks. In
2025 alone, the US faced projected
shortfalls of 30% for power transformers
and 10% for distribution units, forcing
heavy reliance on imports. and to land
the plane. Nearly half of the planned
data centers opening this year have been
delayed or cancelled, not for lack of
capital, but because there simply is not
enough reliable power or grid
infrastructure ready. And of course, all
of that data is before we hit the peak
of this demand curve, which in my
opinion, we're not even close to. Robo
taxis haven't scaled. Humanoids haven't
scaled. These hyperscalers haven't even
really hit actual scale. Electric
vehicles, at least in the US, haven't
actually scaled. And so this is the
situation. We have plenty of companies
that are working on their versions of
orbital compute because they see this
wall that everyone is about to crash
into. But how many companies are there
that have a clear path to getting
massive amounts of tonnage to orbit? The
answer is one. And the company's name is
SpaceX, who by the way now has a deep,
intimate, exclusive relationship with
the leading chip company on Earth,
Nvidia. So, I don't know how to make
this any more clear, but SpaceX is
positioned in a way that no other
company on Earth is. What this means is
that once Starship starts flying with a
bit of frequency and can deliver this AI
compute into space, the money is going
to flow to SpaceX in ways we have never
seen before. Because as all of these
companies continue to run into this
wall, the only way over is going to be
up. And speaking of upgrades, I do want
to quickly share one of my favorites
that I added to my Tesla. I realized I
should probably share more about my
upgrades to my Tesla vehicles. And this
one is by far my favorite so far.
Because let's be honest, the cameras on
Tesla's vehicles are nice, but they're
not going to give you fine detail in the
times when you need it most. Which is
why after being in the market for a
while, I have landed on this brand new
70, the A900 Ultra for a dash cam as a
specific upgrade for my Teslas. And yes,
it is the sponsor of this video, but as
you can see from the video footage, it
is a clear upgrade. And it's so good, in
fact, I actually just undid the wiring
on my Model 3 because we're going to
shift it over to my wife's Model Y for
an upcoming road trip. This A900 Ultra,
of course, has front and rear cameras
with dual 4K HDR and Sony's brand new
Star 2, which makes it excellent for low
light conditions and driving and/or
parking at night. And it does have LVDS
lossless rear transmission with smart
parking guardian 2.0. So if you're like
us and you stay in hotels when you
travel with a bunch of gear or stuff in
your car, this will have you covered.
And the app is incredibly userfriendly.
It does offer Wi-Fi 6 fast download
speeds at around 45 megabits per second.
And it's been working flawlessly plugged
directly into my Tesla car charger. But
beyond the specs, all you have to do is
look at a clip comparison like this of
the 70 MI compared to what you get from
the Tesla. When I zoom in on the street
sign, it tells you everything you need
to know about how much better the
quality is from the 70 mi. So, if you
want to check it out for that extra
level of protection, AliExpress is
having its August back to school sale
right now. So, not only can you get 20%
off using my code, but that will stack
on top of the existing sale pricing. But
just know the sale does end on August
26th. So all of my discount codes will
be linked in the description below. And
if you just want to go directly to my
collection page, you can use the code on
the screen. And just a little fun fact
here in case you missed it, Nvidia
disclosed earlier this month a stake in
SpaceX worth about $21 billion. So yeah,
I would say Jensen and Nvidia have
somewhat of a vested interest in
ensuring that Elon and SpaceX can make
this orbital compute thing work. It
should also be noted Nvidia has roughly
a $22 billion investment in Intel, who
yes, is a partner on the Terapab with
SpaceX and Tesla. Now to temper
everyone's excitement, we have to
remember Starship will also be
responsible for getting these Starlink
V3 sats into orbit. So, it's not like
every launch toward the end of next year
is going to be available for Star Mind.
So, of course, if there's an unexpected
setback with Starship, then SpaceX is
going to run into a whole host of
problems. So, per the usual, I have my
Elon Multiplier applied here. I would
expect and hope for the first Star Mine
satellites to actually launch into orbit
in 2028. And I think any sense of real
scale would be late 2028 into 2029. So,
while some of you might roll your eyes
right now saying, "Here we go, another
multi-year weight," I would push back
saying that SpaceX's competitive
positioning is likely not going to
change that much in the next few years.
If anything, it might actually be
stronger. No other company is magically
going to have a Starship available in
the next few years. And as I said, these
optimized NVL72 racks will be deployed
on Earth as well, and those could start
scaling as soon as late next year. We
also just got a report from a German
outlet saying Brandenburgg's rural
public transport system faces
significant staffing and funding gaps.
The state aims to address these through
autonomous vehicles, ideally with the
help of Tesla. Discussions are already
underway and a pilot project is running
in the Eiffel region. This because the
expansion of the traditional bus and
rail network is often hampered by cost
considerations. The idea is to integrate
autonomous driving into the existing
ondemand bus system. And the current
ondemand bus system has its limitations.
It's inflexible due to fixed on call
hours and suffers massively from the
acute driver shortage at public
transport companies. The plan is to
reach concrete agreements with companies
like Tesla soon regarding the deployment
of driverless cars. The minister said
autonomous shuttles offer enormous
potential, especially in rural areas. He
did say a number of legal approvals and
permits are still required, but once
those are in place, he could very well
envision widespread deployment in rural
areas. He also said this exact concept
had already been successfully tested
with Tesla vehicles in the Eiffel
district of Rhineland Platinate. I can
almost guarantee I pronounced that
incorrectly, but I'll wait for you guys
to roast me in the comments because
that's always fun. Tesla shuttles are
already operating on a trial basis in
several districts running through
villages, but for now, a Tesla employee
must always be in the driver's seat to
intervene when needed. So, pretty
encouraging to have this testing already
underway in Germany of all places, which
can tend to drag its feet a bit with
technology. And of course, this new
should only mean good things for Tesla
getting supervised FSD approval there as
well. I'm not saying it happens before
the vote later this year, but I am
saying this should increase the chances
of approval. I was also very encouraged
to see this. If you saw my recent video
where supervised FSD almost drove into
the metal wiring in that parking garage
on the sixth floor, Aron shared a photo
saying he saw a cyber cab testing in
that exact location. The cyber cab was
parked a few spots away from where he
disengaged in that original video I
shared. And I'll just say there is no
way this is a coincidence because we had
people like Mars online saying that well
robo taxis aren't going to be in parking
garages which I would actually just say
is not true on the face. But it goes far
beyond that because if we're ever going
to have unsupervised FSD on customer
cars, we cannot have things like this
happening. So I can almost guarantee
Tesla AI saw this post from Aron and
went out to that site to begin testing
to figure out what went wrong. And as
Aron shared, this is a college town a
few hours from Houston and Austin. And
here's the photo for confirmation of the
cyber cab just feet away from that wire
fencing. So awesome to see Tesla getting
on this one as quickly as possible and
an encouragement that it is okay to
share negative things about Tesla from
time to time with the hope that the team
sees it and can improve it. Over the
weekend, we did have a few very short
videos shared of cyber cabs spotted in
Austin with the decal and some with
nobody in the vehicle at all and others
with the individual in the passenger
side. And yes, these are nonfarzods. So
sure, on one hand, we should be
expecting to see this if Tesla is going
to launch cyber cabs for active rides as
soon as September 3rd, which is when the
launch event is. So to all of you that
got an invite, congratulations. I hope
you have a wonderful time. and please
share as much as you can so the rest of
us can live vicariously through you. And
just like we're seeing in the Houston
lot now we have the Dallas lot becoming
full of cyber cabs. And for audio only,
I'm talking dozens. We have Hinrich Zinc
doing some great Tesla Semi reporting.
And in his most recent video, he is
saying that he thinks Tesla might now be
producing some Europeanbased Tesla
Semis, which would check out because
next month at that event, we're supposed
to learn about the launch specs for the
Tesla Semi in Europe. There wasn't
footage of that variant in this video,
but he also said that he believes the
Atlas version of the Tesla Semi is now
ready for customer deliveries. So, I'll
be watching closely in the weeks ahead,
but clearly activity at the Tesla
Semifactory is picking up a bit. On Robo
Taxi, Reggie said he had a horrible
experience and support was not able to
help. His destination was only 2.3 mi
from pickup, but Robo Taxi estimated it
would take 1 hour and 6 minutes to get
there. Support assured him it was a bug,
and shortly afterward, the estimate
dropped to 16 minutes, but the actual
route never changed. Long story short,
he asked support if they could reroute
the vehicle, but support said that they
could not and suggested that he leave a
review. Ultimately, we had to change our
destination, get out of the robo taxi,
and call an Uber to get where we were
originally trying to go. So, thank you,
Reggie, for sharing. I'm guessing Elon
and Ashoke will see this one as it went
pretty viral, over 630,000 views. So, to
everyone still getting mad at me when I
say that Tesla's navigation needs some
work, I would point to things like this.
But Tesla Robo Taxi did say we provided
a refund for this ride earlier today and
will continue to improve the rider
experience at every level. And in the
spirit of fairness, here's a video from
yesterday of multiple Whimos blocking a
bridge in Miami. I have not seen any
official word from Whimo about this, but
this very thing has actually happened
multiple times this year. This is not
the first time. This was pretty cool.
SpaceX AAI said at Starlink, "We're
using Grock voice to resolve over 15,000
inbound customer support and sales calls
every day. Grock diagnoses hardware
issues, ships replacements, and fulfills
over 3,000 orders a week across voice
calls and chat." So, listen, I'm sure
all of us will at one point experience
severe frustration dealing with agentic
customer service, but if any company is
going to do it well, I think it would be
SpaceX AI. And as I always say,
everybody has to start somewhere. Tesla
stock closed the day at $348.95,
down 3.83%.
And SpaceX closed at $135
on the number, down 1.44%.
All while the NDX was down.97%.
Don't forget, check out that 70 A900
Ultra linked below. I've been very
pleased with it, and it is a true fact
that that specific sale is ending August
26th. This is not some sort of fake
scarcity scheme. So, just know my codes,
which are all in the description below,
will continue to work beyond that date.
Hope you all have a wonderful day, and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.