Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Tesla Earnings Call Wall Street Misread
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXSCq54m3-M
Published:   2026-04-23 19:17 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla stock was up $15, then dropped
like a rock during the earnings call.
And honestly, if you actually know what
they announced on that call, you'd be
doing the exact opposite of what Wall
Street did. Here's what happened. As
soon as Tesla announced they raised 2026
capex from $20 billion to 25 billion, a
25% step up in one quarter, Wall Street
looked at that and panicked. Cash flow
negative, spending out of control, sell.
And that read is completely wrong
because Elon also said they finalized
plans for a research chip fab at Giga
Texas. They're starting construction
this year. They're already working on
Dojo 3 and Tesla sitting on $45 billion
in cash to fund all of it. Meanwhile,
every other automaker is cutting EV
spend. Nobody else is even trying to
compete in physical AI. Gene Muner said
it right after the earnings call. Bill
Aman said it too. When a company raises
capex because demand is that strong, you
should applaud. This isn't Tesla in
trouble. This is Tesla pulling away from
everyone. Let's discuss why. Today we've
got Larry Goldberg with us. He's a
serial entrepreneur. He's been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out his website,
lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Great.
&gt;&gt; So, this is the topic uh that seemed to
have spooked a lot of investors. Uh the
stock was going up $15. Everything was
great. The deck dropped. Everybody's
happy with that. But as soon as Elon
started talking, of course, a lot of it
is to do with his, you know, his tone,
his mood. But when they said, and they
said it right at the very beginning,
Tesla's going to increase capital spend
from 20 billion to$2 billion. Uh, that
was, you know, 25 billion up from 20
billion. Were you Were you surprised? I
I know you're not, but I just have to
start.
&gt;&gt; I I've been waiting for this shoe to
drop for a couple of years, as you know.
um you know when I I was I got very
exercised when the community started
calling for share buybacks and I got
very exercised because I knew what was
coming and at that point we hadn't had
you know the op we hadn't had Optimus
drop yet we hadn't had the terapab drop
yet but I knew the company I I knew
where they were going and whether or not
they were going to uh pivot
from vehicles to robots to terraab
or from vehicles to robots and terraab.
I knew we were facing an enormous steep
uphill climb on capital expenditure. So
I pushed back very very hard and
everybody gave me a lot of grief about
that. Well, Gary Black gave me a lot of
grief about it and he's
&gt;&gt; follow but but it was very clear to me
back then. I mean here you can see on
the slide I did in 2025
&gt;&gt; 2024 sorry 20 yeah 20 24 25 late 24
early 25 um and I had developed a lot of
research around what the capex was going
to be and if you look at 2027 you see
it's right bang slap at 50 billion
and here is the fact we're going to be
running at a $25 billion run rate
because what you didn't point out is
that whereas we now say what we're going
to spend this quart this year, we've
already eaten up the first quarter and
not spent it. So the actual rate of
climb is going to be very very
significant tending towards the $50
billion a year mark.
So I I am convinced that that's where
we're going. And to me that's an
incredibly positive sign. incredibly
positive. Not only do we have the money
in the bank and not only we generating
cash flow,
&gt;&gt; but we've got it to spend and we're
spending it. And you know the irony of
this?
The irony of this is that the, you know,
if you take Open AI or you take
Anthropic or you take any one of these
AI companies, the more they spend, the
higher their demand, their share price
goes. Here we have Tesla is now saying
I'm in robots,
you know, real AI. I mean, real world
AI, physical AI. I'm in and I'm going to
spend and it's my money. It's not even
I'm I'm not even asking the shareholders
to to pitch in. I've got the money. I'm
earning the money. I'm generating cash
on a quarterly basis. I'm in. we should
put the prices the share price up not
down. So I'm pretty excited about the
opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. We will cover that because
that's exactly the message I wanted to
have other people believe you too. But
so let's start with this. Um yes I I
feel like you and I have been doing the
show for years now. Not just last year.
We've been doing it three four plus
years. And I remember two three years
ago I was there and you were battling it
out. At that time there was a big push
for everybody to say hey we've got extra
cash. I don't remember what it was what
20 billion or something like that. We
got so much cash why is it just sitting
there do buybacks share buybacks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And you laid this out and this is not
your first slide. You've created other
slides and you basically said no Tesla's
going to need multi-billion. You save it
in the bank for now. You're going to
need it. And that was the big battle
that you had with many people especially
the analysts. So now here we are and you
actually called it pretty accurately
here where you knew this is projection
already that we we are going to increase
capital spend this year and that is what
we saw and like you said very well said
this is a time to put the pedal to the
metal and push hard because everything's
in place. Um I like this Bill Aman quote
that's why I'm going to play it. Uh
let's listen to what he says about this
&gt;&gt; stock in a company and they announced
that maintenance capex is going to be
you know twice what we thought it was
going to be i.e. the amount of money we
need to spend to keep the trains running
on time um is twice as much the stock
should go down a lot. If a company
announces that business demand is so
great that in order to meet the demand,
they need to build more factories and we
can earn very high returns on the
product that we're shipping. You should
applaud when they're doubling the amount
of money that they're spending. And we
think this is squarely in the growth
capex category as opposed to the
maintenance capex category.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you think about that?
&gt;&gt; I absolutely agree with him and I'll
make another point. This year,
for the first time, we can write off all
our capex on plant, equipment,
buildings, all of it, which means not
only are we going to be building for the
future,
but we get this enormous tax break as
well.
So, I mean, he's absolutely right. If
you're going to be building for the
future, capex is a huge positive. And so
I, you know, that's why I'm invested in
Tesla is because they are investing the
capital,
&gt;&gt; not because they're going to
&gt;&gt; invest in capital expenditure. But it's
another thing with free cash flow going
negative. So right now was a shock that
this quarter is a 1.7 billion free cash
flow. Everybody was shocked with that.
But I think we should all expect the
next few quarters, if not the next year,
is going to be negative. Are you okay
with that?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, as long as the
free cash flow isn't going negative at
the same time that re that profits are
going negative. I mean, if we get into a
negative profit situation, that's a
whole different ballgame.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, we can afford as a any
startup can afford a negative cash flow
as long as it's got the cash in the bank
to pay that negative cash flow and that
the negative cash flow will be turning
positive based upon you know our reading
of the market and so on and so forth.
But here we're not in that position.
Here we can afford to do multiple
startups within our operation because
our operation is so profit profitable
and is driving so much cash.
Okay, perfect answer. Uh, so you know,
we know that Tesla I think announced
that they have six factories basically
all uh happening now some already in
production and many are still about to
go into production and then uh they did
say that dojo 3. They started idea uh
talking ideas about that. We've also
finalized plans for the research chip
fab at Giga Texas will start
construction this year. Here is the
breaking groundbreaking of the chip fab
the research chip fab. So, what about
that, Larry? Because in in uh last
quarter, they kind of said, "Well, we're
going to do 20 billion, but that does
not include solar or the tariff app."
Now, they said 25 billion, but now it
includes the tariff app, right? Does
that
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's one other thing.
There's one other thing. They've just
announced in their uh their 10 Q
&gt;&gt; that they just filed this morning or
they just published this morning.
&gt;&gt; They announced a $1.5 billion
acquisition.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was two billion. Is it a
billion dollar acquisition? 1.5.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it is two. I you know I just got
the came over the wire. I mean I just
got the 10 Q minutes before talking to
you. So that 10 Q really reveals one of
the reasons for the jump in capital
uh that acquisition and I have no doubt
that that well it says that acquisition
is in the AI hardware space
&gt;&gt; and uh so I'm pretty excited about that
because it looks like they're bulking up
you know their investment and and
clearly if they've identified they want
that technology that has to be you know
very um additive to the solution. So,
it's pretty exciting moment. Pretty
exciting moment. I want to put in a I
want to put a pin on a conversation I'll
have earlier later in this conversation
here talking asking you about cursor uh
SpaceXi
uh partnering with cursor okay cuz I I
think it's critical part of the
conversation but okay so here we have
Gene Munster in institutional analyst
and he wrote his article and I love it
he says Tesla investors are missing the
point higher capex is a good thing I see
this 25%
as good news given it puts more space
between Tesla and other any other car
maker.
&gt;&gt; Others are sp cutting spending on EVs
and have made only nominal investments
in autonomy compared to Tesla. It has
become clear that a traditional auto is
not Tesla's competition and at this time
it's hard for me to pinpoint a strong
comp competitor that is thinking about
getting aggressive to go after physical
AI. Tesla will go cash flow negative
over the next few quarters but the
company has 45 million cash is what
you're saying. So he said uh missing the
point higher capex is a good thing. He
talked about this. Um then he said one
profitability jumped shares by 4% in
after hours auto gross margin. Yeah that
was incredible 19.2%.
X credits 20 20% plus if you add the
credits in compared to estimates of 17.5
and 17.9 in December. Markets concern
around higher capex misses the point.
Tesla's getting more aggressive to
capitalize on a physical AI opportunity.
FE robo taxi and optimist remain massive
opportunities but don't expect a
breakout in this quarter. What's your
thoughts on his key takeaways?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. And yes. I mean so clearly
Gene Mans has read the tea leaves so
clearly you know along with some other
leading analysts they understand the
game. And the strange thing is the
market is very excited about all these
AI companies and yet here is Tesla the
lead the leading
you know real world AI you know and and
they're they're actually upping their
game and they and and the market's
marking down their stock. So these are
market makers that clearly are not
invested in Elon or in
in Tesla for the all the right reasons.
So it's just shame on them.
&gt;&gt; But Larry, the argument against that is
that okay, Amazon announced that they're
spending over $200 billion this year in
AI. Same thing with Microsoft and I mean
I can't remember they're all over 100
plus. But the argument is that they have
cash.
&gt;&gt; They they're like they're rolling in
cash. They hundred billion per quarter.
So, you know, they're they're raking in
the cash to spend. And then, of course,
it's not just AI infrastructure. It's
also for the, you know, hyperscaler data
warehouse for more cash. But so Tesla is
in a position where they feel like
they're they're putting in money, but
they're not going to expect to get that
cash back until Robo Taxi launches,
which is now meaningfully won't hit
become meaningful until next year. So
there's that huge delay and they don't
have that.
&gt;&gt; I don't see the delay. And I mean, I'm
not going to get into a debate with you
about the delay, but I had completely
completely
limit eliminated any cash flow from robo
taxis until mid next year.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I did too. So I I didn't find
that to be a surprise, but other people
did.
&gt;&gt; This delay coming from I think
&gt;&gt; it's moving at the right speed. We'll
talk about that but
you know you this is what you say but
look at the valuations
that are being accorded to the AI
companies. Look at open AI look at uh
Anthropic.
These companies are being given these
gigantic
gigantic valuations and they're burning
cash the way no company has burned cash
in history.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And they every time they come out and
say, "Well, we've only burned 25 billion
this quarter or we've only burned 50
billion this quarter." What? Put the
price up. You know, put the valuation
up.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Tesla comes and said, "Well, we've burnt
only 2.5 billion this quarter, but we're
going to step it up to five billion a
quarter orif, you know, seven billion a
quarter." And everybody says, "Oh,
panic."
I don't I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; And and the return is actually uh for me
and you anyways much more clear. Uh it's
for me it's very clear to understand how
robo taxi is going to make money. We've
we modeled it out. There's there's
competitive competitor competi
comparators to it. Same thing with
optimist robots labor and all that. You
can model this out versus I've got an
LLM that's going to be even better LM
eventually. It's hard to know who's
going to be a winner. how you separate
from others.
It's hard to know. Are they gonna make
money?
&gt;&gt; You're you're right. It's fair to say
that Enthropic finally have come up with
a realworld
functioning use case for AI. Up to now
AI has been a chatbot very helpful very
supportive but it's very difficult to
say that's a use that's a generalized
use. I mean it's such a generalized use
case that it's very hard to assign value
to it but Anthropic have really nailed
this issue of coding
and you can actually assign a very clear
you know market value for that or or I
would say you know a very clear
size of market you you can figure it out
because it's coding we know what coding
costs we know what we're saving blah
blah blah so for the first time we're
beginning to see glimmers of a real use
case and a real, you know,
way to value the company. But with
Tesla, it's the opposite. We manufacture
real stuff that people buy for a price
and we manufacture, you know, miles
driven which people will pay for on robo
taxi at a real price. We understand
these things and Tesla are delivering
profitably their base products and now
they're taking some of that profit and
they're spending it on adding AI
capabilities in a real use case that we
understand because we've seen just the
value of FSD. By the way, we saw in
these accounts and I'm sure we'll talk
about it the value of FSD now beginning
to pay dividends, real dividends, real
income. So all I'm trying to say is it's
ironic
that we
at gigantic valuations
to these companies that are burning at a
high rate of dollars,
you know, burning dollars like it the
bonfire will never be big enough.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And we keep putting their valuations up.
Tesla spend this tiny little amount of
money in relation to their business and
everybody's panicking. I mean, I watched
that stock go from plus 15 or plus 11 to
minus
&gt;&gt; 15 or something. I mean, it was just
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very hard.
&gt;&gt; A huge jump. Well said. Okay, so let's
just uh back to Gene Muner. He said uh
yeah, shares were up 3.6 in after hours
until Elon kicked off the call with a
clear message. Capit's going up. Over
the next 30 minutes, shares drifted
lower to near flat. The company now
expects to spend 25 billion. Okay. Uh
given first quarter capex was only 2.5,
that implies a sharp step up. Why do you
think they haven't spent that much in
the first quarter? But then they're
spending it just
&gt;&gt; or did they plan it?
takes a long time to get buildings
built, get buildings, you know, I mean,
they're always very conservative when um
when forecasting capex, they've never
spent their capex budget,
you know, the the capex budgets that
they announce at through the year,
they've never actually used them to the
full. I can't remember a year where they
actually spent what they said they're
going to spend honestly.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so you think they'll spend more?
Yeah. This year?
&gt;&gt; I don't think I don't think they'll
reach their capital expenditure goals
now. They could make another they could
make Yeah. No, I don't think they will.
I think it's going to be very difficult.
&gt;&gt; You know, they had planned to spend 20.
They only spent in the first quarter two
and a half,
&gt;&gt; right? So they was they were already two
and a half behind before they started.
Now they've added to the budget. I think
it's going to be very difficult for them
to consume it.
&gt;&gt; They will probably commit to it, but I
don't think they'll put it into the
ground.
&gt;&gt; So one one I I might push back a little
bit only because we know the way Elon
works, which is when it's when it's like
uh he he can see the future and he's
getting very concerned about
geopolitical, macro, those kind of
things, he pulls back. He pulls back
ahead of everyone else. He fires
&gt;&gt; the team. He stops a Giga Mexico
project. All that well before everybody
even goes, "What are you doing? You
promises Giga Mexico." Well, he was
proven right. But now look at the
statement. Look at I I I pulled this out
because in the earnings stack, I said
this is the most important statement for
me. I thought it was such an important
statement. Look at that. We're excited
about Tesla's positioning in 2026 with
tailwinds persisting for auto business.
our progress on FSZ supervised the ramp
of robo taxi the progress on optimist
and the growth of energy we see
tailwinds and we're so it looks like
that Tesla is very optimistic about
what's going to happen in the rest of
2026 which means pedal to the metal
invest heavily we think all of this is
going to grow big time I'm going to
invest
I'm aligned with you the one area of
concern for me in the financials this
year and I checked the Q the um the 10 Q
before coming on is uh energy revenue
was down
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; I had thought that it was down because
of very large work in progress um you
know coming through but that's not what
the tank you said the tank you said that
demand is
&gt;&gt; tariffs and competition right
&gt;&gt; yeah so I'm I I see that as a negative
but other than that I can't see anything
but positive in in the um in the you
know in the financial report and I
commend highly the spending of the
spending of dollars. Remember this is
the year we can write everything off. So
very important to get it spent up ahead
of time.
&gt;&gt; That's a very good point by the way. So
uh Gene Munzer said the setup is to fund
projects across the board. Battery
improvements AI training terraab new
model production and optimist. This
increased spending will continue in 2027
which leads me to expect around 40
billion investment next year. Are you
what's your expectation for next year? I
saw your higher I think it's going to be
higher. I think it's going to I think
we're going to peak at 70 billion.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. Okay. Well, let's reserve that
day that you said it today cuz that's a
big statement to say 70 billion when
we're talking 20 25 billion. That's more
than double. Uh but yes, I agree with
you.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't see how we can get by
without spending that money,
particularly with um you know, the fab
the terraab and this is just a sort of
pilot terapab,
&gt;&gt; right? But um I think that that the peak
at 70 billion is I think what what I
believe and particularly as we've just
bought a an AI company. I think we're
doubling down and so I think we're going
to spend 70 billion next uh next fiscal
year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Since I have you here, I wanted to
get your thoughts on this debate that's
happening because when it came okay, the
most important thing is robo taxi and
some people after hearing what they
said, they are coming out going robo
taxi is delayed. Okay, they'll say,
"Hey,
&gt;&gt; well, let me walk through the pros and
cons." So, they'll say, "Hey, uh, Elon
said that do not expect earnings to be
meaningful until next year." And I know
you just said earlier at this call that
yeah that's always what you had heard
and I agree with you but some people
thought oh it's supposed to be this year
2026 is the year. No no no. Number two
he said something that version 14.3 is
the last piece of the puzzle but we'll
need to continue working on it and and
then um we'll need to have before we go
to scale. That's what we're going to
have to do is have a new software. Some
people thought that means version 15
which won't come until the end of this
year. That's one side delayed. On the
other side people are going hey uh he
said 12 states by the end of this year.
He said that cybercab is in production
and it's on track for mass for volume
scale production. So if you're going to
make thousands of cyber cabs you know
within months within year within several
months before the end of year you're
going to be using that 12 states too. So
for me there was no delay. Maybe delay
like now. That's why you're not seeing
uh you know Austin to have a thousand
cars yet, but doesn't mean that you're
not going to get that before Fion 15.
What what's your take on this?
I think we're going to see
all the states that are in that list as
preparation. All of them having, you
know, at least 50 to 100 cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I think we're going to see a couple of
hundred cyber cabs emerge from
production each month for the first
couple of months and then you're going
to see it start scaling up. Yeah, this
is the one showing we we're ramping
unsupervised
in three cities. We've got Phoenix
preparation underway all the way down to
Las Vegas.
So, you know, you're going to have
before the end of this year a couple of
thousand in the Bay Area,
probably a thousand or so in Austin and
Dallas, maybe in Houston, and then 2 to
500 in every one of the other states.
And I think that's going to absorb a
large percentage if not the whole of our
production for the first three to four
five months.
&gt;&gt; I like that. I mean two to five 200 to
500 is is is good enough numbers,
&gt;&gt; but it's not scale. It's like I think in
in his their mind like he never
explained what he meant by scale because
he was about to you know depends on what
your definition of scale is. But I think
you're right. So some people interpret
it to mean, oh, we're only going to get
singledigit numbers until we get the new
software. You're saying, no, I think
we're going to get 200, 500, but then
it'll go absolute global scale,
thousands
&gt;&gt; when the new software.
&gt;&gt; If you've got one car running
unsupervised,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; that means you've got sufficient safety
to allow that car to run unsupervised.
And what do you do? You run it
unsupervised for weeks on end to get all
the data to make sure that you're doing
the right thing. Then what do you do?
You step up to five to 10 cars
and you make sure that at 5 to 10 cars
you're okay. And then what do you do?
You step up to 100 to 200 cars.
Each step up is larger than the previous
step up by an order of magnitude until
you're really able to just unleash the
full amount. That's the right way to do
it. Why? Because you're dealing with
people's lives.
So,
I mean, I this is no different to what I
said three months ago. This is no
different to what I said when I
predicted, you know, end of April or
April. Not end of April. I predicted
April. I didn't predict the end of
April. I predicted April for, you know,
when when we start seeing unsupervised.
So, I think we're on we're exactly on
track. And what Elon explained is 4.3
can do the trick. We got improvements to
make.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; 15 is even greater, but I you know I I
think we're good to go. That's my view.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I I agree with you. He was
answering the question about 14.3.
Somebody asked him, "Is 14.3 truly the
last piece of the puzzle?" He said,
"Yes, it's the last piece of the
puzzle." And then he said, "But we need
to work out, you know, these these uh
operation things and then we don't
really want to go to full unsupervised
until we have even better safety."
That's he's talking about 14.3. So yes,
that's been delayed, but doesn't mean
that we're not going to get you don't
have to wait till 15. That's where a lot
of people went to.
&gt;&gt; What you mean is 15 is delayed. 14.3 is
available. 14.3's got some improvements
to make. 15 is not showing as good as
14.3 yet because we've got a lot more um
a lot more
um we got to understand the software a
lot better and understand how to how to
improve it and then to see the
improvement. So we're at a point now
where we're in the we're in the ca in
the area of capability to do this thing.
It may require a lot more supervision
from a from the central control than
we'd like to have, you know, when we
really scaled up, but we're ready to go.
That's what I think he's saying.
&gt;&gt; All right. I want to ask you about
cursor. I know you know a lot about
this. So, uh, Anthropic has uh their
cloud code and OpenAI has their codecs.
These are coding software that are
shocking everybody because they're so
good and they've hit this recursive loop
scenario where they can have recursive
improvement where the software itself is
creating the next version and then that
next version creates the next version.
So that is runaway open or sorry XAI
owned by SpaceX has openly said that we
are very behind. Elon has said it many
times even just last week we are behind.
We have work to catch up. Now they have
going for them massive data centers that
is bigger than the others and you have
said you haven't seen anything yet.
Don't don't worry XI will catch up
because they have the massive data
centers. Last week they announced that
they have a partnership with cursor.
Cursor is used by developers which is
great but it's like 60 billion to buy
them out or 10 billion if they don't end
up buying them out. But what tell me
about what you saw about this
relationship with cursor. Uh is it gonna
is it a good thing? What's it going to
do?
&gt;&gt; It's a great thing. He gets a try before
you buy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and the try before you buy, you
know, it's going to cost you 10 billion,
which is first of all, 60 billion is a
lot of money, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a lot of money unless it's a
lot of money unless they can deliver the
goods. if they can deliver anthropic
level performance of their coding
agents. You have to remember one thing.
Curser was the first mover.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they were.
&gt;&gt; Curser really pioneered
the the ability to code. So they were
the first mover in this game of thrones.
Anthropic have really come on very
strong. Their product is really
outstanding. It does a great job. Um,
Open AI is behind is still behind
even with their latest stuff they
they're not at anthropics level. The
question for Elon is can we take cursor
and is is it a dog we want to put into
this race?
So even if he does nothing but learn
from them and pay the price the$10
billion,
I think it's a good deal. What is a
better deal is if they can actually
leapfrog and take us to the frontier,
&gt;&gt; then it's worth the 60 billion is what
you're saying.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Every penny of the 60 billion.
&gt;&gt; All right. And and then the but the bet
is you take cursor but you give them
access to the largest data centers in
the world. Now what?
&gt;&gt; So you just put your finger on the most
important point. What distinguishes open
AI from anthropic
and um and and um
open AI what sorry what distinguishes
start again
&gt;&gt; what distinguishes
uh Elon's
and I include all the companies but
obviously
&gt;&gt; XAI is the is the E,
what distinguishes XAI and Elon's
companies from Open AI and Anthropic?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What is it? I'm asking the question.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I just I I just said it. They have
the largest data centers in the world.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; They have the They're the only one of
the three that has data centers.
&gt;&gt; Data center. Yeah. Wait, that's what I
just said. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, you said they have the largest data
center in the world.
&gt;&gt; I see.
The difference is not that they are they
have the data centers. Okay. The other
guys know that part. Yeah. Gotcha.
Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; That's the key.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Which puts them far ahead of the others
because they have to scramble. Why do
they have to scramble? Because they've
now discovered that that's the key.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you understand the difference?
Now Meta is interesting because Meta is
in the same boat. Meta have the data
centers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. They have much more data center
capacity by the way than Elon
and so does Amazon.
&gt;&gt; But for some reason they're not at the
forefront. They're not, you know, a
frontier.
They they've fallen behind the frontier
model battle and we don't know why.
&gt;&gt; But the opportunity for AI is to flex.
the fact that it has this data center,
the fact that it has capacity in the
data center, which it is not necessarily
using at the moment, which is a puzzle
to me because I'm thinking that because
X because um X can use XAI natively,
you'd think everybody would be using it
and and a lot of people are, but the
capacity must be enormous. So bottom
line is that's the key
&gt;&gt; to why Elon why I believe XAI is going
to win this battle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I've heard uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Some people are saying that Anthropic is
way ahead right now, but they did not
plan ahead to be able to get the data
centers they need. That's why and I'm
using it every day.
&gt;&gt; They're throttling us. They are
throttling us. anthropic is. And so then
OpenAI might be able to, you know, jump
ahead. But then XAI because if they have
it and then you have cursor, maybe
they're going to be able to just boom,
show everybody. We'll see. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; both those companies XAI sorry
&gt;&gt; Anthropic and Open AI have got this
builtin governor to their business model
and that is if they are wildly
successful and a lot of people use them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They can't supply the product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They can't. Yeah. They don't have
enough token to offer. Yeah. They don't
have the Yep. They they throttle us.
They've been throttling us. It's
terrible.
&gt;&gt; Terrible. Why do you think Elon's going
to data centers in the sky?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because even that's not enough.
&gt;&gt; Because when this business really
scales, and we haven't hit scale yet. We
haven't hit scale yet. We've got
hundreds of millions of users, billions
of users,
&gt;&gt; but it's not anywhere near the kind of
tokens they're going to want to consume.
I mean, I have it right now. I I use,
&gt;&gt; you know, the vendors I use are
throttling me on every front. And I'm
I'm you know
&gt;&gt; why do you say then that Tesla will max
out a 75 billion? Maybe they won't max
out a 75 billion. Maybe they'll keep
spending so much money.
&gt;&gt; Here's the reason at that point they'll
have money.
&gt;&gt; Here's the reason they'll max out at 75
billion because sometime in this coming
year sometime in this year physical 12
months coming
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; they will merge with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with you.
Okay. Because you know SpaceX has to put
the money in to the X.
&gt;&gt; Well, they'll announce it this year, but
they'll merge it next year, but
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Okay. Right.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
You know, just read I wrote it feels
like years ago, but only about a few
months ago, I wrote this piece as a way
of a board memo
from this business committee. Writing a
board memo proposing a merger with
SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And why did I write it? because to me it
just seemed the only future for the
company. Now everybody's talking about
it because it's such a natural move.
&gt;&gt; Anyway,
&gt;&gt; the end of the lesson.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is why people should listen
to you. You have called it right uh
several times and we've got the proof.
We got the data uh the charts. We got
the shows that we've done years ago.
&gt;&gt; I've called it wrong often enough as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I have to. All right. Thank
you so much. Let's not rehash how we
met. I don't want to rehash how we met.
The very first thing happened when we
met was I was wrong. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Was wrong again.
&gt;&gt; I said it first time we met. That was
funny. That was hilarious. I had the
mic. Gave it to you.
Okay, forget it. Let's not rehash that.
Thank you so much, Larry. That's a lot
of fun. Follow Larry on his ex account
because that's where he posts his, you
know, forwardinking research. Tessa
Larry. Go check out his website,
lumicenti.com. Thanks everybody. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.