Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why I Choose Tesla over SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ub_Yim6mtw
Published:   2026-06-11 19:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-11 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tomorrow we will all experience the most
important IPO in the history of
economics. And that is quite the moment.
SpaceX does the largest IPO that ever
happened in the history of financial
markets at 1.75 trillion 135 per share
priced for IPO. Very likely going up
significantly tomorrow if you're lucky
enough to get into this IPO. beforehand.
Your broker has told you probably if if
you're in or not. That is now the big
topic. If you're not in or you are
considering doubling down beyond the
amount of shares you were able to get,
should we do this? What do I do? The
title already gave it away. I will not
do anything on SpaceX. I will instead
double down on Tesla. And here is
exactly why. Number one reason number
one, SpaceX is the most hyped thing, the
most hyped IPO ever. It is overs
subscribed. And when we look at the
deck, let's take a quick look at the
deck of SpaceX. You have to scroll.
Here's the actual pitch deck for SpaceX.
You have to scroll to slide number 47.
Slide number 47 before you see anything
like this. And we will get into the
actual numbers a little later for a
later point in my argument, my
reasoning. But you have to literally go
to slide number 47 to see the growth
rate 33% revenue growth year-over-year
from 14 billion to 18.7 billion. Uh we
see adjusted EIDA growth actually less
than 33% to 6.6 billion EIDA in 2025.
Even though that's slightly confusing
because that seems to not account for
the losses of the XAI division.
And what we see here, building the
infrastructure of the future, capital
expenditures of course going through the
roof, which means cash flow is falling
through the bottom. Free cash flow. Now,
you know me, I'm all for progress and
the frontier. The fact you have to
scroll to slide number 47 means this
entire pitch deck reads literally like a
startup pitch deck which I have nothing
against. That's why we love the
entrepreneurial energy, the pioneering
spirit of SpaceX and Elon's companies.
But you go to our mission multilanetary
species making sure the light of
consciousness does not be is not
extinguished. Our integrated platform
and it reads like a startup pitch deck
talking about a lot of things that don't
exist yet. And you know I am a big fan
these things of course exist. They have
some proof points here but it's very
qualitative and you would expect much
more financials for a $2 trillion
company. So you see that opportunities
that is being unlocked
enterprise applications $22.7 trillion
of a market where SpaceX currently makes
roughly 0 in revenue.
Uh and you see that this is a
non-trivial part of the story. You know
22.7 trillion 26 trillion. Uh this is
also a little confusing here. I think
that refers to the actual bars down
here. space,
you know, let that sink in. We have a
space company that whose space business
literally is 370 billion TAM out of a
28.5
trillion TAM. So roughly 1% of their TAM
is actually conventional space. Now, I
will get to this in a second. I think
it's all great. I'm a big believer in
SpaceX. I think this could become the
most important company that ever
existed. But you know what I'm saying
here? It is about valuation and hype and
I am not super thrilled to see a deck
like this to convince me to pay more for
SpaceX much more than for Tesla.
Okay, so that is my first point. It's a
little bit too much hype and you
probably have heard all the stuff like
the systematic hype machine is just
ginormous. You see it from all the
underwriters
all the way to JP Morgan and Jamie
Diamond pushing that asking Elon all
these questions in front of everyone. So
there is a very uncritical thinking here
of everyone involved because everyone
involved of course is a little corrupt
and wants to make a lot of money from
Goatman to JP Morgan to all the other
underwriters to NASDAQ and everyone who
changed their rules. Don't get me wrong,
I'm not bashing SpaceX. It's tremendous
what they're working on. It's tremendous
how they executed this IPO. I'm just
saying for an investor from investor
perspective, you have to be a little
cautious. Now, even more important, even
more important than the hyper problem. I
also see that we have a bunch of air
pockets upcoming the same way Tesla had
air pockets upcoming in Q1 of this year.
I warned everyone that despite Tesla
having all this upside and all this
potential that it was very clear that in
Q1 nothing would happen and what did you
see the stock was sliding down for
SpaceX it's the whole thing on steroids
when you look at what's actually
happening
Starink let's look at the revenue
streams we actually have we have Starink
continues its growth of course right we
have a 33% growth rate and now I bring
you back to the slide I showed you when
to look at the financials. Just look at
the financials and do the valuation and
understand the very nature of the stock.
Understand the very nature of the SpaceX
stock and understand the very nature of
the SpaceX narrative. And once you
understand the nature of the stock and
the narrative, then you can use your
brain to simulate what is likely going
to happen to this stock. And here are
the facts. Let's start with the facts.
The facts is that that SpaceX is growing
at a 3 33% growth rate growing less than
that with its actual EITA and shrinking
of course or taking massive hits not
even shrinking on cash flow because
capex goes through the roof. So we are
having negative cash flows. We have not
very strong growth in Ebita and we have
decent growth in revenue. That is all
good, right? But the problem is when you
actually look at the multiples, let's
make it simple and assume it's at 2
trillion. I think it will easily hit 2
trillion tomorrow. 175 uh 1.75 trillion
135 stock price probably going to 160.
That's what we're seeing in in in the
early markets. Let's just say 2 trillion
to make it simple. Let's assume this is
a 20 billion revenue. So you're dealing
with a company that is trading at 200
times
uh 100 times sales. 100 times sales. The
biggest sales multiple with any AI
company we are seeing right now uh is
publicly traded company is Palenteer at
roughly I think the latest is 60. So
even Palant here that is you know some
say a little bit overvalued a little
frothy is at 60 times revenue which is
already outrageous. SpaceX is at 100
times revenue and grows much much slower
than Palanteer. Slower growth vastly
higher multiple than the most hyped
highest multiple publicly trading AI
company which is Palanteer. Okay. So not
good on a valuation level. Now on AITA
of course it's even more devastating if
you do the math on this. We are talking
about you know something like what is
this 5 billion uh so you need like how
much is this even 200 you need 200 to
get to so it's 400 price earnings
roughly 400 times PE at a growth rate
that is not very impressive because
earnings grow even less okay so the
bottom line is from a valuation
perspective conventional valuation
perspective SpaceX is a total joke let's
just face the facts now you know me you
know Pioneer Lens. We are not like that.
We are not a dummy little conventional
analysts. I'm just making the point
looking at the facts. It's a joke. It's
insane to invest in this thing. Okay. If
we put on our pioneer hats, let's do
that for a moment. If we do a discounted
cash flow model into the future and do
the math, you know what I arrive at? I
give you away some some things that we
are seeing. I think the present value,
the present enterprise value of SpaceX
is somewhere between 8 and 12 trillion
today. Okay, discounted cash flow
models, something between 8 and 12
trillion, not 2 trillion. So in my book,
the fair future value of SpaceX is at
least four times, right? 400% higher
than what we pay for it tomorrow on
Friday. So these are the two realities
we have to actually put together here.
Okay. And my point here number two air
pockets as as you can see I'm not saying
this thing is overvalued. I'm saying air
pockets upcoming because I just
explained to you two points from a
conventional point of view. SpaceX is a
total joke and massively overvalued.
massively and insanely because at
current growth rates with current
businesses even with the greatest
stalling story they cannot get to that
valuation anytime soon. Why does Pioneer
Lens and Pioneer Alpha say it is 4x
undervalued on DCF? Because we are
taking into account orbital compute and
we taking into account enterprise AI on
orbital compute. I was the first one who
said I think 6 months ago I provided you
a bag of the napkin analysis before
anyone knew anything that actually
turned out to be nearly accurate to what
SpaceX is saying now that orbital
compute is huge. It is easy for SpaceX
and it's coming sooner than people
think. So I'm bullish on this and it's
going to be absolutely enormous. The
second argument that is very fresh that
I just learned two weeks ago is that I
have now high confidence that Grock and
the XAI team will absolutely leaprog and
getting to the frontier of enterprise AI
deployment and become a serious
competitor for open AI and for anthropic
for a singular reason and that reason is
cursor. Cursor is an ingenious deal that
will unlock massive value and allows
them to deploy the digital human as I
call it which means they can take all
jobs. Okay. So that is very bullish. Hey
on this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze understand
and predict capital AGI and politics.
Not just to beat the markets and make a
lot of money, even though that's
important, but also to build a new
society and make the future good for all
of us, the pioneers. If you want to help
me on this journey, you can do that by
doing a very simple thing. Like and
subscribe. It helps me a lot. Thank you
so much for your support. And let's get
back to the video. Here's the problem.
This is fantasy land. And in pioneer
lands, we live half in fantasy land and
we live half in reality. That's where we
can turn reality into the fantasy land.
So I'm all for it. I'm very supportive.
But I also know my buddies who are
running Wall Street.
And Wall Street normally doesn't like
that. They only like that when they can
hype the hell out of it and take massive
fees and be corrupt and enrich
themselves with your money. That is the
reason they are hyping SpaceX right now.
It is not that they understand or
believe what I just said. And what does
that mean? It means that once the hype
is gone, once the piece of uh the fees
are paid, they will drop this like a hot
potato and they will revert back to
their standard operating procedure. And
that procedure is show me the money
before I buy this thing. In other words,
the disconnect or the bridge we need to
bridge this point in time here where we
are massively overvalued on any
conventional reasoning and that future
of orbital AI cursor gro enterprise AI.
The bridge in between is where you run
on hope fumes. You have to run on hype
or hope fumes until these revenues
start know flowing and streaming in in
earnest the hard forcing functions like
robo taxi like optimist for Tesla. We
will talk about this in a second. We
know how it goes as Tesla investors. You
are running on hopes and fumes and when
the market decides it's time to crash or
to correct you get hit so hard that you
don't know what even hit you. And there
is nothing that hold you back from
dropping to wherever this thing leads
you here. And that would not bode very
well for SpaceX basically could drop to
whatever 500 billion in a crash because
there is no net. There is no cash flow
net no cash flow growth that can help
it. I'm sorry to say that at least not
now. Now, do I think these hard forcing
functions for SpaceX will actually come
into play much earlier than people
actually think? Yes. But much earlier
means the second half of 2027. I think
that's when you will see real stuff
potentially happening. But maybe they're
getting delayed to H1, first half of
2028.
Look at the calendar. We are in June
2026. What do you think happens in the
meantime? In the meantime, you're
sitting on a cloud and it starts raining
and the cloud disappears and you plummet
down to earth if you're unlucky. I do
not want to be exposed to a stock like
that, especially with the second half of
2026 coming up. I think we are still in
a total bull market. I think we will
continue the run and we will continue.
SpaceX will continue to go up probably,
but once it's time to drop, SpaceX will
be the first victim. That's what I'm
predicting. and there's nothing to save
it until these things kick in in the
second half of 2027, which is earlier
than anyone thinks, but I believe that.
But that's what you do in the meantime.
Okay, let's go through it. Staling is
not going to help, of course, because
Stalin is simply way too small. And
also, Staling is not going to suddenly
double. They are not going from 33%
growth to like whatever. Maybe they're
going a little bit up, but at that on
this basis, it's not going to help.
Stalink is not going to help short-term.
This is not enough cash flow. It's that
simple. Terrestrial compute. Maybe you
say, "Oh, Joe, you don't even need
orbital compute. Look at the Google
deal. Look at the anthropic deal." But
this is all hype. What do I mean with
that? Is it not true? Yes, it is true.
But how many more of these can you do?
The answer is not many. Colossus is also
limited in in scope. Maybe you can do
one more 1 billion per per month more
maybe. But then you used it all up. Even
Elon cannot magically make this stuff
disappear.
So that is the problem here. Yes, it's
great that they have this additional
revenue now potentially coming in from
Enthropic and from Google. And yes, they
can sign more deals for Orbital AI that
doesn't exist yet. It's just not going
to move the needle. You need for that
valuation to unlock these super revenue
streams, Orbital AI and of course cursor
and XAI. But that's a long way from June
2026. And that means we have air pockets
and we will get hit hard. And people
say, "Oh, what about index inclusion?"
Well, that's over end of July. Okay,
sure, you can fuel the rocket, maybe
even do three trillion. Who the hell
knows short-term? I'm just saying once
it starts dropping, once you go into the
air pockets, you have a problem all the
way to the second half of 2027. That's a
very, very, very long. But we are not
just talking about SpaceX. We are
talking about the comparison to Tesla.
And Tesla, this is a photo of the Cyber
Caps in Dallas. Tesla has gone through
this whole pain for a very long time and
you know all about it. We are flat for 5
years. We are now falling in
anticipation of the IPO and because the
market is a little bit correcting. We
are at an insane 380
uh price point right now. Absolutely
insane given that the all-time high in
December was 490. And Tesla has made
tremendous progress to the point that I
have the conviction of course here the
opinions can diverge
but I'm of the conviction that we will
see robo taxi at scale this year and
with scale I mean 10,000 thousands and
thousands very likely over 10,000 that
is what I think can happen by December
and I think it will start to happen in
June now this month
I think we will see cyber caps now I can
be wrong But it's becoming less and less
likely I'm wrong. So basically all these
air gaps and all the problems with
SpaceX apply also to Tesla only that
Tesla is at Space X's H2 2027 because H2
2027 is H1 2026 which means now for
Tesla and I rather be on the last end
point on the tail end of these air gaps
than and then at the front end. So Tesla
is going into an inflection point and
I'm not talking about the stock first.
I'm talking about the business first.
The stock follows these cash flow
forcing functions. And I am very very
sure that Tesla's inflection points for
these forcing functions will kick in way
before way more early than SpaceX's
because Tesla's will kick in now or
latest in the second half of this year
which starts in one month or in two in
three weeks.
and SpaceX is in 2027, late 2027. And my
final and last point why I like Tesla
much more than SpaceX is the simple
thesis of the merger. Now, there's all
kinds of talk out there, but I think,
wait, there's a little typo. Uh I think
that uh the merger is pretty much a done
deal. I can't predict if it happens as
quickly as Alexander Merge for example
says like meaning now in July and August
or later but I think it's extremely
likely to happen sooner than later and I
also know that this merger has to happen
at a minimum 1:1 SpaceX Tesla if not
better for Tesla I said all the way to 1
to2 and what I mean with that is if you
the combined entity for example is 4
trillion or let's say 3 trillion what do
Tesla shareholders get uh uh what do
SpaceX shareholders get? Do they get
each 50% or does Tesla get 66% 2/3? What
I can assure you is this merger will not
happen under a 1:1 for Tesla because
then Tesla shareholders will just vote
hard no and they still have to vote yes.
And Alexander had all the theories, oh
the institutions are on board like no
they're not. Institutions have fiduciary
duties. They cannot do deals that are
bad for their own investors. This needs
to be reasonable. And to buy Tesla right
now, you have to pay a premium. If you
have to do a 1:1 merger at 1.75
trillion, which is very low by the way
for SpaceX, SpaceX will be probably
higher if they announce the merger in
July. After that might be lower, but
whatever. That means Tesla at 475. You
can buy Tesla now for 380 or 390. So the
merger is another reason that it's not
smart to buy SpaceX when it's valued so
much higher than Tesla. Not for the cash
flow reasons, that's a whole different
reason, but for the merger reasons. If
they have to get together at 1:1 at a
minimum, why would you buy the one that
is more expensive, if you can buy the
one that is cheaper? And there you have
my four reasons why I am sticking with
Tesla. And if I get some more money
somewhere, I will just put it into
Tesla, especially at these prices,
because these stocks, they have a
relationship that we can clearly see and
define. And on all these four points, it
is four times score for Tesla 4 to zero.
I hope that was interesting. Stay
cautious out there. It's a risky,
dangerous market with lots of
opportunities and lots of risks. Thank
you so much and see you very soon.