Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Can Elon Musk Still Win The AI Race?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHbRLivCLp8
Published:   2026-06-01 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One of the most important questions
Tesla and future SpaceX investors are
asking right now is does Elon Musk have
a chance to win in AI. Some are even
saying that we are headed toward a
duopoly with only anthropic and open eye
left as the leaders. This has huge
consequences if this is true as by now
most of us know that SpaceX isn't really
a space company but instead is an AI
play. 93% of the 28.5 trillion total
addressable market is AI comput and
platform. Elon himself has admitted he's
got some catching up to do. But on the
other hand, with the largest
supercomputers in the world, Elon is
able to build seven models in training
at the same time, not just one or two.
And he now says there's a potential
breakthrough coming. He says, "Let's see
where things stand 3 years from now."
Two new things he just announced. One,
that SpaceX is building its own super
optimized AI training software from
scratch that could be 10 times faster
than Google's Jax framework. And two, he
clarified that he has not committed to
leasing Colossus Forever to Anthropic.
He said if compute gets super tight, we
might need it back at some point. Elon's
strategy is getting clearer and he might
just be able to pull this off. To help
us answer that question is Larry
Goldberg. He's a serial entrepreneur.
He's been an active venture capital
investor for the last decade. Check out
his website at lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Seems to be a common topic that we keep
revisiting.
Is AI be is XAI behind? Is Elon behind?
Anthropic and OpenAI this week are about
to launch their next versions of their
AI frontier models and they're killing
it. But there are signs here that uh
that XAI is not that as far behind as
everybody seems to think. This is just a
post recently by Peter Diamandis like
literally like yesterday and he said
this. We started with five frontier AI
labs. Meta is seemingly out of the
running. XEI just dissolved into SpaceX.
I I don't know why what he means by
that. Like he thinks it's gone now. We
may be heading toward a duopoly.
Anthropic and Open AI with Google
fighting to stay ahead. What's your
reaction when you saw this, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's very silly. I mean, I hate to
call Peter Diamund silly, but this was a
silly. This was not his best. Look, we
are so early. Have you ever watched a
10,000 meter race,
&gt;&gt; right? Yes, I know what you're talking
about here. Yeah. The leaders are rarely
the winners.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you know, the bunch start off.
There are a few guys that stride out
ahead. You know, that's how these things
always start. How do they end?
Those guys in front in tears. You know,
it's the paces. is the people who keep
at it, who actually focus on it and who
have a very clear strategy.
Whether whether the leaders currently
have the right strategy or whether the
followers have the right strategy, I
don't know. But I would never count
Google out ever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; In an AI race and I would never count
Elon Musk out in an AI race. We're in
the early stages.
What we have now is primitive
at the frontier. We're in we're
absolutely primitive. We don't
understand what we understand yet. So,
no, we can't count out Google and we
can't count out Elon Musk. And you know
what? We we aren't at any any we aren't
anywhere close to the finish line. In
fact, we're hardly in the first lap.
&gt;&gt; It's it's so close. Yeah. Let's let's
hear what Elon himself is saying about
this. Um, this was a comment he made
over a month ago. Month and almost two
months ago now.
&gt;&gt; Space X AI Colossus 2 now has seven
models in training. Okay, imagine V2.
Two variants of one trillion parameters,
two variants of 1.5 trillion parameters,
six trillion parameter, and 10 trillion
parameter. He has some catching up to
do. He realizes that, but boy, they can
do seven models because they have the
largest supercomputers. Um, this guy
Beth Jezo says, "Holy bro, locked in.
Don't count XA out just yet. Please free
us from Daarioverse," which is Daario,
who's the CEO of Anthropic. Elon said, I
never give up. Never. And then just
recently, Peter Neanderis said this.
Elon doesn't need to run the best AI
model. He needs to control the best
hardware. Nvidia is the most valuable
company on earth and their models aren't
the most popular, but the hyperscaler
play works. Saying basically, sure, XAI
is gone. They have no they don't have
the best AI model, but that's okay. Elon
controls the infrastructure and you can
make a lot of money that way. Uh Elon
said, well, what you say is true, but
nonetheless, our AI will be great.
Whether it is the best remains to be
seen, but I will never give up. Never.
And then he reminded us SpaceX AI XAI is
only 3 years old. That's half the age of
anthropic and quarter the age of openi.
Let's see where things stand three years
from now. So he's giving us a timeline.
He thinks that three years from now they
will be so far ahead. SpaceX had
achieved nothing of note after 3 years
and was written off as dead after six
years. They they even had three
consecutive launch failures. But you may
have noticed things are different now.
So don't too early. Um and then he he
said this the XI team does not stop
cooking and go team Vim. This is a a
person saying this, Dan. And then Elon
replied to him saying, "I just left
SpaceX AI office at 2:45 in the morning.
People were still going. I think we
might be getting close to a significant
breakthrough in training." So, they're
working hard. Thoughts on those
comments?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it it just speaks to my
earlier point about this is such an
early stage. You know, the um the
interesting
piece of information was when when we
heard the first news that Enthropic had
signed this deal with XAI, SpaceX AAI or
SpaceX AI. Um I was in a
chat and uh chat group was discussing
this deal and somebody said, "Well, we
think that we've done the numbers. we
think they can get 5 billion a year out
of this deal. It it's not quite enough
to eliminate their losses. I said, well,
it's probably 12 to 13 billion and it's
more than enough to offset their losses.
Oh, no, never, never, no, never. So, you
know, I took a victory lap at the next
conver conversation. Only Elon
understands the scaling laws and the
scaling laws are like they are they are
the bitter lesson. If you don't have
that compute, you can't do AI. It's as
simple as that. He gets that.
&gt;&gt; And so he's built the foundation
and now he's building the house.
And when he's done that house, you will
see a very different edifice to the one
that's been built by Open AI and the one
that's built by Anthropic. And I'm not
saying it's going to be a greater
greater house or, you know, worse house.
I'm going to say it's going to be very
different. It's going to be an Elonesque
house and it's going to answer a very
very clear mission and and use case uh
to the world just as he's done with all
the products he's ever made.
&gt;&gt; Uh we're going to get back to the
comment about uh letting anthropic rent
because Elon just replied and clarified
today that we're not necessarily going
to rent them out forever to them. We
might need it back. In the meantime,
before we go there, let's continue on
this. Is XEI behind or not? Uh the most
recent as as people should know at this
point, Xi partnered with Cursor. Curser
was a leading harness that kind of
showed a lot of you know uh advancements
in being able to do compute AI
computing. And then um here is the
latest info here. Composer 2.5 being
Pareto dominant encoding per cursor
bench is important. This is after only a
few weeks of supplemental training and
or reinforcement learning in the
Colossus 2 cluster because now because
they cursor partner with the um XAI they
have access to a supercomputer now that
they have access to supercomputer they
can even be better uh and so the 1.5
trillion parameter version of Grock will
likely be a much better base model than
Kimmy. We shall see because composer is
still using Kimmy now but once they use
Grock they might be better. Here's
composer over here at lowest cost to
achieve the highest uh you know cursor
benchmark. So this is just a sign of
what could happen if you have access to
large supercomputers and the partnership
with cursor was critical for Elon. He
was missing that piece. Grock 1.5
trillion parameters trending well and
then he said this. So now they're
building their own I don't understand
this. I'll try to explain it because I
asked Grog to explain it or uh Brian
Tanaka did. SpaceX has almost finished
writing version one. So SpaceX
themselves XCI is of an in-house AI
training stack in C coding that can
exact that exact maps of 220,000 GB300s
with 800G nicks I don't know making
heavy use of pipeline parallelism and
getting us close to bare metal. I have
no idea what he's talking about there,
but basically he's saying the potential
speed improvement versus Jax, which is
Google for large training runs is over
an order of magnitude. So he's what? So
I we asked rock what does he mean? And
Elon is is saying SpaceX built its own
super optimized AI training software
from scratch in the C programming
language. It's designed to run on a
massive cluster of 220,000 cutting edge
Nvidia GP300s.
They use pipeline parallelism and can
get as close to raw hardware as possible
to minimize overhead. Result for huge AI
training jobs. It could be 10 times
faster than Google's Jax framework. And
then Ryan Tanaka says, "Can you just
dumb it down even more that a seventh
grader couldn't understand? Got it.
Imagine AI is like a giant robot brain
that needs tons of practice training to
get smart. SpaceX is building their own
super simple practice machine using
basic computer code.
uh no extra slowdowns, just straight to
the metal. This could make the practice
go 10 times faster. He just seems to
Google of course is the leader in this.
And here's Elon and Grock and SpaceX AI
and they're able to like rethink
something and be 10 times faster than
the best in training.
&gt;&gt; It's classic. It's classic Elon mode,
you know. He goes down to the first
principles, gets the first principles,
looks looks at the design of the thing
and said, "Wait, why don't we just
simply do this?" It's um it's a theme
that keeps it's it's the gift that keeps
giving. It's the theme that keeps
playing and you know, he just repeats it
again and again and again. Just cut it
down to you know what is the basic what
is the first principle? What is the the
thing that it all rests on? Okay, that's
the thing. Let's make that thing the
best it can be. Let's forget about all
the stuff on top of the thing.
&gt;&gt; I wish I had uh Sean Maguire actually
had this five layers of AI. I thought
that was really good. I should have
shown it shared it here. But so you
start off with infrastructure. Build the
largest supercomputers as possible.
That's coherent. No one's beating Elon
there. Then you he he couldn't get the
harness, right? So then he luckily was
able to buy a cursor or will buy a
cursor at least partner with cursor to
catch up to open AAI anthropics uh
compute. Then he's now re not only do
you have the supercomput you need to do
the training and he's reimagined how to
do the training properly.
So these are ways that he can leaprog
everyone else. Uh this guy asked will it
be used for grock version five? He said
yes. So we, you know, we have to wait a
little bit longer because right now
Grock is not as good as the others. But
the promise is given what we just heard
here that there's reasons why it could
leaprog.
&gt;&gt; Look, it's very simple. How old
is Open AI?
&gt;&gt; Right. Six years longer. 2018.
&gt;&gt; Eight years. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How eight years. How old is
Anthropic?
&gt;&gt; Right. He said, "Yeah, three years. Six
years." Six years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How old is Open AI?
&gt;&gt; Three years. Two years. Two and a half
years.
&gt;&gt; That's there's the those are the facts.
&gt;&gt; They're going to catch up. Okay. So, the
other discussion we've been having is is
Elon's strategy to build the largest
supercomputers and then actually rent it
out to these AI providers. So that it's
like AWS and they you know everybody's
joking around calling it Elon EWS Elon
where uh web services where you build
something that you need but then when
you have extra capacity you rent it out
like Amazon did and that what a great
revenue stream it is and then the other
part you use for yourself.
Now the deal with Anthropic everybody
assumed that oh this is it. Anthropic is
going to pay them a lot of money.
Remember this Elon announced a long time
ago. We partnered with Anthropic.
SpaceX offering AI compute as a service
as a significant scale. We are in
discussions with other companies do the
same. So clearly this is a business over
time once they get to orbital data
centers. We expect to serve AI at
extremely high scale. So they're going
to sell it to as many partners as
possible. Um John Tisman calculated and
said well XAI spent three to four
billion on Colossus one. They're leasing
it out for 45 billion over three years
anthropic. SpaceX is finishing at one
gigawatt colossus too for around 17
billion dollars with plans for multiple
more. So basically they're getting paid
if they lease it out they can get 50
billion a year. So basically they can
get paid for building data centers.
Incredible. Uh Elon confirmed he said
this. No SpaceX has not committed to
leasing clauses for years. Although it's
possible that may be what happens. This
is just a 180day lease with 90-day
notice to mutual cancellation
thereafter. This short term was our was
our request in anthropic. That's a very
important point. It's them that asked
for, hey, we we I don't want to commit
too long. Let's just do a 90-day out if
I wanted to because we now he goes, we
won't leave them hanging, but it will
provide a re we will provide a
reasonable offer if we need it. But if
computer gets super tight, I said we
might need it back at some point. So
Elon himself is saying, "Okay, I'll rent
it out to you, anybody. But if I need
it, I got to get back as fast as
possible." That clarifies a little bit
more for me the strategy. So it's clear
for that point that it's not like
they've given up on AI and we're now
just a rental thing. No, no, he's going
to still win in AI. Clearly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I think that he's going to
keep this business alive of renting
compute because I think it's a important
building block for his data center in
the sky.
I think you know Elon Web Services is a
real thing and he has to grow it because
he has to grow into this massive web
services in the sky. So I think this is
an ideal launching point. That's how I
looked at the deal when it happened and
I still believe in that part of the
deal.
&gt;&gt; It's a clearly the business. I mean,
let's go let's go walk us through it
here. ArchInvest did a good job of
explaining what the business is for
SpaceX. Uh the real story is declining
launch cost. Starship is key to
unlocking SpaceX 28.5 trillion TAM
through an order of magnitude reduction
cost of orbit. Okay. So, if you are able
to reduce launch costs, it opens up
these businesses. And we've already
covered this many times, but the AI part
of the TAM for SpaceX is 93% of the
whole business. So it is the business.
What is it? It's it's comput and
platform. It's X and the money product.
So X Grock, which is the AI, imagine
plus API macro hard, that's the bulk
with Tesla, right? to be able to be able
to replicate uh all the white collar
jobs businesses terrafab orbital data
center routing. So we don't know what
portion of this is the macro hard and
grock and what portion is the orbital
data cent's um part of it. What do what
do you think? Is it 50/50? Do you think
it's mostly macro hard?
&gt;&gt; It's mostly macro hard. If you it if you
look at the TAM as they present it,
you'll see that the the TAM rises from
left to right here. So if you go space
and the pieces in space, you go to
connectivity, the pieces in
connectivity. Then you go to AI, it
rises like that. And the biggest portion
of it of all is enterprise. And what is
enterprise? Enterprise is the
consumption of AI. the actual
applications,
the the robot robots, the cars, the the
the
intelligence, the coding that's done by
um by AI to run enterprises.
So,
so you know data centers in the sky is
going to be a big deal in the trillions
and everything supporting it launch you
know Starlink and then the data centers
in the sky but the biggest one is all is
enterprise
compute
&gt;&gt; and so that's where the real dollars lie
the biggest uh market lies the biggest
TAM and also the highest profit
&gt;&gt; if enterprise AI is the biggest TAM
right of the 26.5 trillion let's say
it's 20 trillion worth of it um
&gt;&gt; 24 I think or 22 222
&gt;&gt; well no it's it's 28.5 trillion of that
26.5 trillion is AI and are you saying
of that 26.5 trillion is AI 22 trillion
is enterprise AI
&gt;&gt; something like that yeah very high
number
&gt;&gt; so it is basically enterprise AI And if
it's enterprise AI is that big of a
deal, then he will goes, "Okay, well,
I'm not going to win all of it, but we
can rent out the space for other
anthropic and open AI to maybe never
open AI for sure."
&gt;&gt; But you know, look, look, Sam's not
always going to be at open AI. In fact,
I can't imagine he'll last there much
too much longer. But anyway, the point
is total addressable market is not what
SpaceX is going to get. That's just the
total addressable market. SpaceX is
going to get a reasonable proportion of
that. I know half of that, you know,
&gt;&gt; half would be very large. It's too, you
know, it could be a third of that. The
point is that SpaceX will get a very
high percentage of the launch. They
SpaceX will get a very high percentage
of communication.
They will get a high percentage of
compute
in space and then they'll get a
reasonable proportion of enterprise. But
the higher the TAM goes by definition
the lower SpaceX's share of that TAM is
going to be with the possible exception
of launch. You know, they may be so
dominant in launch that they get a very
high percenture,
&gt;&gt; but you know, it it m it actually makes
no difference at all because when you're
talking about TAMs of tens of trillions
of dollars, you know, reasonable 20% of
that TAM would be a massive company out
of all proportion to everything we we
see today. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; More than a$10 trillion company. Yeah.
Even if you just get like 10% of that
market or whatever 10 whatever. Yeah. Uh
it's lots of good big winners will be
coming but this is the point. Um
&gt;&gt; so
I Peter Pier Feru asked this question. I
wanted to get your reaction to it. He
asked Elon the picture below this on the
picture below AI sat mini seems to have
3 to 400 kilowatts of solar panels for
100 kilowatt of compute. I don't know
pee of 1.2 2 35% panel decay or the
lifetime of bird barely get me to 200
kW. What am I missing? Here's the
Starship V3. Here's the AI SAT Mini.
Elon replied saying, "I'll present a
more detailed AI satellite design in
just a few weeks." That great.
&gt;&gt; It's exciting. I I mean I'm not a
satellite designer, but you know I'm
pretty confident that they'll come up
with the right design and once they do
everybody will jump on that design.
&gt;&gt; I I just if if it reminded me of the
focus on chips. So it was like okay we
need as many chips possible and then we
are behind and so he spend Saturdays to
work on AI5 chips. Took him a long time.
He spent like I don't know six months
longer every weekend with the team. Then
he pretty happy with the AI5 design.
He's got a roadmap for AI6, AI7. He
started terra fab. They already got a
plan for that. And now this satellite
design feels like he's been working on
that to really to you know obviously
launch is most important but after he's
you know feels like the launch is with a
success on Friday feels like su launch
is on its way to success. Now it's AI
satellite design.
&gt;&gt; I'm very interested to see the design
they come up with because whatever
design they come up with is going to be
roughly the design of everybody in this
industry.
Um they these things kind of design
themselves.
It's based on
&gt;&gt; um
&gt;&gt; yeah physics. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's right.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh also last story I wanted
to confirm is uh what happened with this
big you know mass media going after Elon
trying to say that uh you know I don't
know that the Pentagon and Elon are
fighting with each other. So
uh Elon came back and you know fighting
back after seeing these statements
people are making uh Pentagon improperly
used Starlink civil civilian system and
then Elon said not the Pentagon we're
well I'm not fighting with the Pentagon
it's the company that makes these drones
right company did it almost everything
you're saying is false and simply
copying fake news from other accounts
this there's a US government arm of
SpaceX called Star Shield which has a
different set of satellites than Star
Link which is for civilian use. The
company that makes the suicide drones
incorrectly use the civilian system
instead of shield. They are separated,
but that's what happened. So, uh, yeah,
just wanted to clarify that.
&gt;&gt; No, come on. I mean, you can't seriously
mean to tell me that Zero Hedge would
post something false.
&gt;&gt; Come on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
Well, he he's they're reposting uh mass
mainstream media that is trying to make
a big deal out of something. And then by
the way, the US Department of War came
out and defended and said, "No, no,
we're very good friends and partners
with SpaceX and it's not it was it was
wrong." Like the the article is wrong.
&gt;&gt; It's a storm in a teacup. Anything the
zero hedge reprint
side, you know. So, so Larry, we're
talking can you like put everything into
into context here? You got SpaceX. We
were actively waiting for the launch
which happened on Friday of the 12th
launch of the new version of uh
&gt;&gt; Starship
&gt;&gt; Starship. It was a new version of
Starship V3. It was a new version of the
the launching pad. Uh
was successful enough to mean what?
&gt;&gt; It was successful enough. It wasn't 100%
successful, but these launches never
are. They're not intended to be. Uh the
launches push the boundaries of what
SpaceX thinks could happen. Um but the
most important, the single most
important part of the test was
successful. And it was a part of the
test that they were trying to hone in on
in the earlier versions. Hadn't got
success out of it yet. And that is the
heat shield. The heat shield on the ship
is the single most important aspect to
recovery of the ship, reuse of the ship
and rapid reuse of the ship. And this is
the first
um you know time that they managed to
actually land the ship. Well, they
didn't land it. They watered the ship.
They put the ship into the water because
they didn't want it to come to land. But
they they brought it down from orbit or
near Earth orbit and brought it down
through the through the Earth's
atmosphere. Brought it down and the
shield remained intact. And this was a
massive uh advance for them. The second
big advance is that they did actually
get to suborbit and they did bring it
back to Earth on the exact spot they had
uh targeted.
They lost the booster because the
booster did a really good job getting
uphill, but getting back downhill it
actually um it actually separated from
the ship in the wrong direction. And
these are problems, but they're problems
that uh we've seen
SpaceX solve in the past quite rapidly
in iterations.
So,
you know, we're looking at a ship that
was able to take more than four times
the um the freight, the the load, the
payload to orbit than the previous uh
Starship was able to do. And that just
gives you an idea of difference. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In size.
&gt;&gt; Not not in size, in capability. Yes.
It's slightly bigger. It is bigger. Not
slightly. gets bigger, but the actual
power increase is dramatic. Not only
because it's got more engines, because
each engine is so much more powerful
than the previous engine and so much
lighter than the previous engine. So, on
every front, this is a dramatic
improvement. It's a complete rework of
it's actually not a lot of common uh
design between the two. Outwardly, it
looks similar. Yeah. version three
outwardly looks similar, but it's not
similar at all. It's dramatically
improved. So, great success, not just a
success, a great success.
We have seen the kinds of problems they
came up uh came up against. We've seen
those problems in the past and we've
seen them rapidly overcome those
problems. So the community really is
very uh confident that the next uh
launch and the one after it is going to
improve that dramatically. I've seen
confident uh predictions that not the
next launch but the following launch
they'll take to orbit. I I think it's
going to take two launches before they
get to orbit. But either way, I think
we'll get to orbit by the by the end of
this year or very early next year and
then game over. uh that will just be the
end of the game.
&gt;&gt; Larry, uh the topic today was is Elon
behind in winning the AI wars the way AI
race and do would you say that SpaceX is
critical for them to win that you would
need because the AI data centers are not
going to be in space until I I think I
read somewhere 2028 before you have you
know AI data centers there. So, do you
need to wait for that before? I mean,
Elon's had three years. He said, "Wait
three years." Or do you think that Elon
can still beat everyone else just
terrestrial data centers?
&gt;&gt; I'll just read what I said earlier.
We're in the first lap
of a multilap race.
And by the
by the last lapse, we're going to be way
ahead because of the advantage in launch
which is so dramatic. The need to take
the data centers into the sky. Every
country understands it including China
that has unlimited power
and
that that last lap is those data centers
into the sky. So,
you know, you're focused on
the chatbot and its capability. That's
where you are. And maybe the the coding
layer above it or the agentic layer
above it. That's just a very small part
of the stack. There's a huge stack
involved. And
the big difference between SpaceX and
every single other player
is
SpaceX is at every single layer of the
stack. One, two,
SpaceX is not just playing
in the chatbot space. They're not just
playing in the agentic space. They're
not just playing in the coding space.
They're also playing in the real world
AI space.
So, you know, they are far broader in
scope
in the software and they're far broader
in scope in the hardware. So yeah, they
started, you know, every other runner
left the starting post,
you know, way ahead of them. And they've
just started, well, they started a
couple of years ago, and they are
in some areas they're ahead. In other
areas, they're catching up. But it's
it's a done deal. In my in my head, it's
a done deal. They're going to win this
race.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I like the way you explained it.
There's many layers and I I when you do
look at the LM I do think that Elon
means that even terrestrial he will beat
they he will become the best AI on earth
within three years but you need to get
to space-based data centers to get to
that all the other layers like maybe
inventing physics solving healthcare uh
all the enterprise AI opportunity to get
there could take more than three years
but by then he has data centers in space
and by the way if you include that
&gt;&gt; everyone else is behind There's no
&gt;&gt; modify can do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Wait, I'd modify something there.
Getting data centers in space is not a
prerequisite to solve many of the
problems you're talking about solving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's not what data centers in space
are about.
Solving the problems is all about what
anthropic and open AI are doing and
they're doing quite well step by step.
No, it is being able to provide
AI at scale
in all these levels of the stack
that we need data centers in the sky. So
when I talk about winning, I'm not just
talking about winning in terms of
advancing the science. I'm convinced
we're going to do that. And I'm
convinced that in real world AI, we're
way ahead. But in terms of being able to
provide it at scale,
&gt;&gt; that's where we're going to be ahead.
And every part of this equation counts.
The science of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The implementation of it, the
practicality of it, and the scale of it.
Everything counts.
Everything counts. You can't say well
they have a better chatbot or well they
have a better coding uh front end. Oh
they have better generation of
visual you know effects or they have
yeah better images or better
voice. No you it is end to end and
scale.
So that's what will unlock the TAM.
Without that, that TAM is not there.
&gt;&gt; And we've already experienced that now
where Enthropic might have the smartest
LM, but then they throttle it because
they don't have the inference to be able
to compute it. So then
&gt;&gt; I don't know how many people they lost.
I don't know how many people they lost
in in that. Yeah. A lot.
&gt;&gt; I was paying them almost a thousand a
couple a thousand bucks a month or
almost 2,000 a month. And then I was so
pissed with the oh you cannot work from
7:00 a.m. to 12 p a.m. noon and they
double they d if you do it doubles it or
whatever the usage and then they charge
you more and then they throttled you.
It's became dumber. So what's the point?
&gt;&gt; I don't
&gt;&gt; I have no idea how many people they lost
in that interim cycle.
&gt;&gt; They're doing okay, Larry. Look at their
50 billion dollars. We haven't seen
&gt;&gt; We haven't seen We haven't seen the
numbers yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Enterprise is what matters and they're
paying them like crazy, but uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we'll see. We'll see. I know some
enterprises I know some enterprises that
did scale back.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. We'll see.
&gt;&gt; Anthropic and and use a different Yeah.
We'll see. We'll see.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Larry, you are a wealth of
information and this is the most
important topic honestly as AI and
SpaceX and uh you're in the heat of
everything. Appreciate your advice and
knowledge sharing with our audience.
Check out Larry on his X account Tesla
Larry. Check out his website
lumisenti.com.
Thanks. I've created a website that is
the most comprehensive resource for the
Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.