Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Used EV Strategy Nobody Talks About
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo1eGhnYOgc
Published:   2026-04-30 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-30 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everybody. Thank you for coming to my
talk. It's going to be more of a story.
In your hands, you have numbers, right?
The the group in the EV group in
Washington DC made this great handout.
We do not need to duplicate their
efforts. But I want to tell you my
personal history with EVs and how I have
come to this idea that everyone I know
should buy a used EV first.
And when you've learned how much you
love that EV, you might consider buying
a you a new one eventually or not,
right? Or you might think, I need to try
a different EV, but I'm still going to
get a used one. Um, I am a retired
biologist. I was an evolutionary
ecologist.
Big fan of sustainability.
Um, now that I'm retired, I'm a
volunteer with uh OEVA.
Solar Oregon
master recyclers,
urban gleaners, I pick up food for them
and uh electrify PDX. So I'm a big fan
of solar electrification of your home,
of your car, of your life, right? and
and I'm helping out in whatever ways I
can in these different organizations to
get the word out because I think once
you get the idea of how clean and green
and satisfying all of this is, who
wouldn't do it? So, um I was a very
early adopter, so I don't like that
stuff. Here's my first EV. Three-wheeler
2007 Zap Zebra with the stripes, 40
miles an hour, top speed, four doors,
four seat belts, no airbags.
And I drove a glorified golf cart for
eight years all around town. I spent
about a year and a half researching this
vehicle and others sort of kind of like
it. There was a little gem car that had
a 25 mph top speed, no doors or the
doors were extra. Um, and I decided this
was the car for me for that period of
time. Took my kids to school, did my
three and a half mile commute to work,
three and a half miles back, and uh,
didn't get wet. I usually rode my bike,
but when it was raining was really nice.
My kids were mortified about the
stripes, but they both learned to drive
in it and their friends thought it was
cool. So, you know, 20 mile range, lead
acid batteries rapidly degrading. I
spent that year and a half monitoring my
daily driving most days 10 miles. Work,
school, back, grocery store, done. Busy
Saturday, 15 to 20. I'm like, well, you
know, if we drive in the morning and we
come home for lunch and plug in, we
drive a little further in the afternoon.
It's just a matter of what's your
pattern? What's your habit? What do you
need? So, I like a minimalist vehicle.
Small, easy to park, lightweight, does
what I need it to do, and not a whole
lot else. Obviously, just around town. I
made it work for eight years. Then they
only made these things for three years.
Every year was different enough that
there were no parts that were in common.
It was just a crazy thing that was made
in China, not very well. It was falling
apart and I could not continue to fix
it. And I gave it to a good home, a guy
who was a hobbyist. I'm like, please, I
loved it. I was sad to see it go, but I
was kind of excited because I'd been
following the Mitsubishi IMEV for
several years at that point. Like,
what's going to be my next minimalist
vehicle? What will be my next car? And I
had pinpointed this one. In 2009, they
had an event kind of like this at PIR.
Lots of EVs. Well, there weren't lots,
but a handful. And it wasn't even a test
drive. It was a test ride. The dealer
drove it around the track with me and he
said, "You don't want this car. It's a
glorified golf cart." I'm like, "No, no,
that's my car is the glorified golf
cart." And I'm selling him his own car.
The seats that year were like um like a
lawn chair basically, like super
lightweight, 62 mile range, four wheels,
freeway speeds, airbags. It's a car. I'm
like, "No, no, this is a real car. You
are about You're trying to sell a real
car here to the person that wants this."
So, I'd followed it 0910.
Finally, my car gives up the ghost in
2016. And that week at Clackamus CarMax
is the 2012 Mitsubishi IMEV. It's four
years old. It only has 13,000 miles on
it because of course, you can't put a
lot of miles on a car with a 62 mile
range. The batteries are fully charging.
It is 10 miles from my house. I can
drive this car home. I don't have to
have it shipped from somewhere. It's
$9,000. I had paid $10,000 new for the
golf cart Zap Zebra. Now I'm paying
$9,000 for a real car. I'm still driving
it. So I've had it for 10 years. I could
have honestly said up until about a week
ago, no battery degradation. The problem
I'm having now is there's a funky thing
with the tires and I hit a pothole and I
got a flat tire. Dunlop doesn't make the
original tires anymore. I have to use
Continentals. They're heavier and
there's something slightly different
about them. And now it's not getting the
full 62, but I'm getting like 55. I know
how to work this, right? I can keep this
car going forever probably. There's just
two of us, my husband and I, Jack, we
drive around town in this. We keep the
back seats folded down. It has a
perfectly flat platform. So, when I'm
picking up crates of pizza and cookies
for Urban Cleaners, they just slide on
in there. There's no like divot and then
you know how those back seats kind of
don't really. These fold flat because
the seats are so minimalist. They're not
lawn chairs anymore, but they're very It
folds perfectly flat. perfect car for
me. So, what I encourage people to think
about is what's your daily driving
habit? Are you doing 10 miles? Are you
doing 20? Do you have a 40 mile commute
round trip? Like, what what do you
really need daytoday?
Once a year, do you love to drive to the
southwest and see all the national
parks? Jack and I are doing that, I will
admit, in his gas car in his 2011 Subaru
Outback, which we're going to sleep in
the back of. Could you rent a car for
that trip? Do you need one car all year
long that does anything you might ever
possibly want to do? When I bought the
IMV, my thought was, do I care if this
car has the optional quick charge port?
Because in 2012, the buyer at the time
could say, I want that or I don't want
that. It turns out the one I that was
available to me did not have that. And I
thought about it for about two seconds
like this is not the car to drive to
Seattle in anyway. You would be stopping
every 30 or 40 miles for a 20 minute top
off, right? So I knew that I wanted this
car to drive around town. I can fit my
mountain bike in the back. I had a
little six-foot kayak I could put in
kind of diagonally.
This car works so well for me. I'm going
to try to keep it going as long as
possible. Uh my my first gas car was a
1992 Toyota Corolla wagon. I sold it to
my yoga teacher like three years ago and
it had a hit and run thing and she's
just letting it go now. That 1992 lasted
a good long time. But you know,
&gt;&gt; I was wondering if your battery has
degraded,
&gt;&gt; you know,
&gt;&gt; very much. before this whole flat tire
and you can't get those tires anymore
problem. I It was telling me 67, you
know, 62 is the EPA. It was charging up
to 670.
It was telling me I had plenty. And so I
have not had that experience of going,
"Oh, it's drifting down, drifting down,
drifting down." Lithium ion is amazing
compared to lead acid batteries. Right?
That was a huge shift. And I'm glad I
have this car now. They're always
improving the battery chemistry, you
know, less toxic chemicals, less war
torn countries chemicals. Things are
getting better and better batterywise.
But really, from 2012, from my car's
age, it's good. There's one typo on that
handout I want to point out. On the back
of it, it's warning you to watch out for
a used Nissan Leaf. And it says pre2026.
And I think what they meant was pre20
2016. So a little typo. Instead of this
year, a 10year-old Leaf before that, the
2015 and and before that, they did have
some battery cooling issues. They didn't
realize how important it was for battery
life to keep things cool and especially
if a car had started out in Arizona, you
might worry about that battery packs
longevity. So, I think that 2016, I
looked this up online. Uh 2016 was when
they started paying more attention to a
cooling system for the batteries and
then it's not as much of a worry. The
Leaf is an amazing car because that was
the first maker, Nissan, who committed
to an electric car. They didn't dither
around going, "Well, it's just going to
be a fleet vehicle, or we're only going
to lease it to you and then we're going
to take it back or they're for sale, but
we don't really want to sell them
because we're losing money."
They didn't dither. They're like, "This
is the Nissan Leaf. This is a car. We
are selling this car right here, right
now." I was very excited about it. What
I've been disappointed until recently is
they just rested on their laurels and
like 150 mile range is not okay anymore.
Like people want 250, people want 300,
people want whatever they want. But I
think it's partly just because they
think they need it, but they've never
really thought about their day-to-day
driving patterns. And actually, you
don't need that much. Most people don't.
live out in the country. We live at like
the epicenter of fun. We live near 20th
and Hawthorne in Southeast Portland. We
can walk to so many restaurants, we have
trouble deciding which one we're going
to walk to, right? So, we're really
lucky. We walk. We ride our bikes
places. If it's raining, if we have a
load, we take my little car and we get
there and we get back and we plug in
level one. any outlet will do pretty
much overnight. Not a problem. So that's
my trajectory. I am thinking, you know,
if this tire pro becomes a problem, like
what if I can't get tires at all? It's a
funny little size tire. What if I can't
get tires at all? What would my next
minimalist vehicle be? You know, would
it be a, you know, if if I get five more
years out of this car, would it be a
2026 Nissan Leaf? Maybe. Would it be a
2027 Chevy Bolt? That's a lot of car
bang for your buck. Chevy Bolt. If you
just look at miles of range and dollars
for that car, so dollar per mile of
range, if that's all you care about in a
car, which is kind of my main thing,
Chevy Bolt. The fact that they stopped
making them and people complained so
much that they started making them
again. That's that's a big testimony
right there. Although Car and Driver,
you know, you click on stuff on the
internet and they're like, "Oh, you want
to see more of that?" Car and Driver,
best cars and they're Chevy Bolts, great
car for around town because it only has
a 250 mile range. I'm like, what kind of
town do you live in? Like where are you
going?
So that's my take on it. Uh my other
story when I decided to retire, I loved
my job. I worked at the same job for 31
years. I taught biology labs at Reed
College. I had gone as an undergrad,
gone off for grad school, came back,
ended up in this funny little job. I'm
not faculty, but I'm loving it. So I
stay for 31 years. I'm only 62 and I
realize I've run the models and it's
like the models are telling me you have
enough. You have enough to feel safe.
You have enough to live the lifestyle to
which you have become accustomed which
is not an extravagant lifestyle. I'm
like cheap fun. That's what I'm all
about. And it changed my view. I was
thinking I grew up poor. I put myself
through college. I'll have to work till
I'm 70. Like, that's how this is going
to that's that's my my life. That's how
this is going to work. I'm 62 going,
"Oops, I have enough money. I have a
moral obligation to give this job to
someone who needs it." That's my take.
That's where I'm coming from. So,
minimalist vehicle,
fun, cheap lifestyle.
We have a lot of fun in our lives. I
mean, eating out is our like big
splurge. And um so that's where I'm
coming from. But maybe you want a
fancier vehicle. Maybe you need a
slightly bigger vehicle. You've got kids
or a big dog or you want to go camping
in the hinterlands and charging stations
are great up and down I5,
but the Chevy Bolt, last I checked,
could not go to the Steam Mountains in
Southeast. it just could not physically
happen. There weren't enough charging
stations to get you like the last stop
charge up. You just can't quite get
there and back again, right? So that's
my plea is figure out what you want,
what you need, and don't just get the
biggest, fanciest, most expensive,
newest thing. like know what you're
paying for and get the value that's
valuable to you. I'm not saying you need
to drive a glorified golf cart like I
did.
As my mom said very lovingly, nobody but
you would do this. I'm like, "Oh, I know
some people, but you know, I'm hanging
out with those OEVA guys who have
converted their little whatever
geometros or whatever." But um let me
open it up for questions. That's my
story. What's your story? Question.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, I looked at your list and you
said to add a plat, but I got
&gt;&gt; PL a TT Auto Group. If you tell them I
sent you, they might send me a coupon
for cookies. They've done that before. I
have sold seven cars for them. This
neighbor, that neighbor, sister-in-law,
friend in Eugene, other friends, you
know, they are a great place to start
because they're local. They're down 99E,
not quite all the way to Oregon City,
set between Milwaukee and Oregon City.
They're knowledgeable. They focus on
used EVs. They have the occasional
plug-in hybrid.
Brand neutral, no haggle. They take good
care of the cars. They'll get a Chevy
Bolt. They'll take it down the street to
Chevy and go make sure it's had all the
recall work done. Great website. What
price range are you looking at? Do you
have a car in mind? You could go there
and drive one of each. I want to try the
Bolt. I want to try the VW ID4. I want
to try a Tesla. Sometimes they have a
Tesla. Whatever. And um sorry, I was
waiting for the Tesla 10, the Volkswagen
bug of Tesla because it looked like that
that was the plan, but they stopped at
the three and got distracted with other
things.
&gt;&gt; So to build on what you're saying about
flat though,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; our car that we bought, we got a steal
on. I felt like had a great deal on it
was from a rental car.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there are other ways in now. There
are so many other ways into the used EV
market and that page that has a bunch of
online options and some of them you pay
extra for shipping because it's in
Virginia or whatever. But there are
there are lots of ways in uh you know
Facebook marketplace, Craigslist. I mean
you could go anywhere to look and
compare price compare and um I just I
like Plat and I don't know if they like
that I send so many people there like
just drive one of each and then if you
really love one and you know you want it
new now you know which dealer to go to,
right? because it's a pain going all
over town. And some of the dealers will
be like, "You don't want an EV. You want
to buy this car, I can make more money
selling you, right?" Or they're afraid
you're not going to be happy because you
don't know what you're getting into with
an EV. And that's the other reason why
starting with a used one is a good base
point. Like, yeah,
&gt;&gt; I've got two more questions, but I don't
want to take up all the
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um, so two questions. They really kind
of hit on what you just said, but one of
the things
that I'm going to speak openly is this
horrible discomfort with Tesla
&gt;&gt; at the same time really seeing benefits
for me aging in place
&gt;&gt; just like you in Southeast Portland.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Where I see it as being an age as we
both grow older, I have a car that has
these techn
the
&gt;&gt; it will help you drive.
&gt;&gt; It will help you drive. it'll make you a
safer driver, which helps all of us,
right? We're all out on the same roads.
&gt;&gt; I can see some arguments for that. Um,
you know, the pie in the sky, it's all
going to be Whimos and nobody's driving
anymore, right? We just get in and you
get there. We we we got a Whimo visiting
my family in Austin recently and it was
it was interesting, you know, it it got
us where we needed to go and it seemed
to be doing it safely. That's the ideal.
Um, I know some of the bells and
whistles of these really expensive to me
cars, you know, 40,000, 50,000, 60,000
is that that they're going to help you
do whatever you need to do. If you
remember, I mean, I'm 68. My dad was a
super safety freak. He in personally
installed seat belts in our Volvo when I
was a kid.
Nobody else had seat belts back then,
right? We've got seat belts. We've got
airbags. Not that you want to be
willy-nilly throwing an airbag in your
face. I feel like our expectation of
that level of safety has increased,
which is a good thing at some level, but
like how far away do we need to be
packed in marshmallows? Maybe. Um,
a lot of what I was reading recently is
that car makers cannot make enough money
on a minimalist vehicle. They're selling
luxury
because people that have two cars want a
third car. People that have two or three
houses need a car at each house. And
they are happy to sell those people cars
and make a ton of money off of selling
good for them those people cars. a lot
of us. I'm happy maintaining one house.
I don't want another house to maintain.
And it's not just the money, it's like
the mental weight of that, right? Um
it's sad to me because there are people
a lot less welloff than I am who need a
car to get to work because they've had
gotten pushed way out on the edge, but
the jobs are here. They have to have a
car. It would take so many hours a day
to take the bus in. They need a car.
They're having a hard time finding a car
that just gets you from here to there
without all the bells and whistles and
the leather seats and the whatever else
it is. There's just been such an
escalation in that luxury zone. And I'm
not saying they should all go away.
People who can afford that and want that
and value that. They should have that
option. Why can we not have all of these
options? When I bought my IMEV, I was
also looking at the Chevy Spark EV.
What I realized looking into it more
deeply is that it was um was about the
same price new in the $20,000 range.
This was in 2016,
but I found out that they only made them
in like three different they were only
selling them in three states. I think it
was like Oregon, Washington, and
Maryland or something random. So they it
was a compliance car. It had about half
the cargo space of my car, but it was
the same outer size, oddly. And it was
basically their gas spark that they'd
shove some batteries into. So I thought,
this is not a good investment in this
car because Chevy has not committed to
this car. Chevy was all about it's
coming soon. The Bolt. The Bolt's coming
soon. Here it comes. Here it comes. I'm
like, this is a the Spark is a $20,000
car. The Bolt at that time was a $30,000
car. Do you not think there might be
people who want this car and who want
that car? Why do you feel like they're
competing with each other and you have
to let one go? But they totally ditched
the Chevy Spark EV, committed to the
Bolt for a while, and then they tried to
ditch that and now they brought it back
again. Well, the Bolt out here, the low
model is $30,000.
Looks like a nice car. Bolt's a great
car. And I'm I'm telling all these
dealers this morning, I'm like, we're
looking so that five years from now,
we're going to buy one of these cars
used for half price. That's that's our
plan. Like, we got a plan here. And
they're telling me, "Oh, EVs are holding
their value now." I'm like, "Yeah, we'll
see. Maybe it'll be six years then." you
know, I'm in no rush.
&gt;&gt; So, any anybody else? Thank you so much
for coming out and even just thinking
about buying a used TV. And I'm happy to
take more questions out in the hallway
if you still have questions and we'll
let the next people get set up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool.