Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Lets It Slip: Tesla & SpaceX Will Merge ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzYPsWeDfDA
Published:   2026-09-15 22:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-15 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon, why do you why do you still have
two separate companies?
&gt;&gt; Great question.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Nobody's ever asked that one.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
You know, with all this collaboration
uh on on so many levels.
&gt;&gt; Uh
you know, imagine what what one action
one one might take uh when there's so
much close collaboration in so many
areas.
&gt;&gt; And
The management team has some overlap.
There's a couple of key positions with
overlap.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. I can imagine what action
one might take given all of the clues
and hints we've been given over the past
year. So, that was by far the strongest
indication in my opinion that we've
received so far that the intention is
for SpaceX and Tesla to merge. Of
course, questions remain. at what price,
at what timing, what will happen with
Giga Shanghai? How much of the new
entity will Tesla shareholders
ultimately own? And so, the reality is
we could easily spend weeks talking
about hypotheticals and running through
different scenarios, but I'm not sure
that's the best use of our time. So, for
now, if anybody wants to drop their most
pressing questions or concerns about
this potential merger, drop them below.
I'll be sure to review as always, and I
can pick some of the more popular ones
to do short segments in future episodes.
But the one topic I do plan to touch on
before we hear this announcement is
going to be what Tesla may or may not
have to do with Giga Shanghai and how
that could change the entire equation.
And when it comes to timing, as I've
said in the past, I would rather have
this done much sooner rather than later
to get rid of the overhang. And
remember, this is the deepest we've ever
been into a calendar year before we've
been told when Tesla plans to hold the
annual shareholder meeting. Now, it's
true based on when the 2025 meeting was,
Tesla has until December of this year to
actually host this year's meeting. But
over the past 5 years, every single
year, we've had the announcement of the
annual meeting well before today's date
of September 15th. We usually have that
announcement sometime between April and
August. So this fact alone guarantees
absolutely nothing. But there's at least
a chance that the announcement is being
delayed because the Tesla team and the
lawyers and that SpaceX are all working
on the details for this ultimate
proposal. But the tricky thing is the
sooner this whole thing happens, I think
it's going to be harder for SpaceX to
make an attractive offer because a lot
of us Tesla shareholders are feeling
like we're going to need quite the
premium for many of us to actually vote
yes. Reason being, we've now been
waiting years for robo taxi to scale.
And really, even Optimus, it's been in
development for so long. And I think
many of us would agree, the market
really hasn't paid us for our patience
for these business lines to hit any
sense of scale. Now, yes, obviously
Tesla is valued beyond just a car and
energy company, but the real repricing
that many of us have been waiting for
and expecting certainly hasn't happened
yet. Whereas hypothetically, if this was
pushed too late next year, then at that
point, I would argue there's a good
chance by then the market has repriced
Tesla to the upside. That's because I'd
be pretty confident a year from now the
scale of Tesla's robo taxi business will
finally look materially different. So,
as mentioned, we will certainly cover
this much more in depth if and when we
get that actual proposal. But until
then, because I get this question all
the time, what would my price figure be
for this buyout of Tesla if that's how
it goes down? First of all, I would
clarify saying it depends on many
factors. Again, primarily how much of
the new company would Tesla shareholders
end up with, which will depend on the
SpaceX valuation at the time and of
course what happens with Tesla China.
But based on today's figures, I would be
hoping for a share price for Tesla stock
of somewhere north of $500 per share.
And if you took that number up to $550
per share, that would work out to
roughly a 55% premium from today's share
price, which yes, maybe sounds high to
some, but as somebody who has a
deep-seated conviction in Tesla's
technology and a very clear vision of
how Tesla's business is set to scale
over the next 2 years, for me, just to
give you a range for today, that's what
I would be hoping for. But do not
misunderstand me. That doesn't mean if
the offer came in below $500, I would be
an immediate no. That is certainly not
the case. And the last thing I want to
say for now, to those of you that are
still thinking that Elon wasn't hinting
a mergers coming, if Elon's plan really
was to keep Tesla and SpaceX separate,
when he was asked point blank by
Freedberg, why are the two companies
separate? Why wouldn't Elon have just
answered the question? it would have
been the perfect time to give a public
answer to pour cold water on all of the
rumors and speculation so everybody can
be on the same page and move forward
accordingly. But as we just saw,
effectively the opposite happened for as
far as Elon could go publicly without
getting in trouble. So yes, I'm fully
prepared for this offer to come at some
point. Could it happen as soon as the
Roadster event? Possibly. I think it
might be a little more likely we would
see an announcement at the annual
shareholder meeting this year. But let
me be very clear. There's a world where
we don't get a proposal until next year.
Maybe even at the annual meeting next
year. But look at the bright side. We've
all been here waiting for X, Y, and Z to
happen for years. So, I think we have
some experience in being patient. And to
follow up on yesterday's video during
the interview, Elon also gave us some
color on this AI safety talk. He does
actually want these AI competitors to
take their safety harnesses and
effectively test all of the
competition's models. Now, the good news
is it sounds like there are ways to
protect company's IP and special data in
the process. And having all of these
different harnesses that will come at
these models from different angles will
help each company to spot the blind
spots, if you will. And this certainly
would be one of the faster solutions to
implement rather than waiting for some
regulatory body or multi-government
agency. Now, Elon seems to think that
China would agree to something like
that, but only time will tell. Dan
Priestley gave his keynote for the Tesla
Semi in Europe and he made it very clear
that Tesla is willing to go above and
beyond holding everybody's hand over
there to give this full service Tesla
Semi offering to make things as easy as
possible for these European companies to
adopt the Tesla Semi and the ecosystem
that goes with it from charging to
service the whole nine. He did say the
Tesla semifleet in total has now driven
28 million km and 19 million of those
have been driven by actual customers.
And then 400,000 of those kilometers
were just the pilot operations which he
called the demonstration fleet. So
that's when these companies actually get
to test the Tesla Semi before actually
owning it. And as you can see on the
screen here, the slide did show that the
Mega Charger rollout, which will start
in 2027 in Europe with a 100 stall
amount, it does call out 1.2 megaww for
each stall. But we know the European
Tesla Semi is still going to be limited
to that 800 kW. So, we don't know if
that's going to be a short-term thing
and something that's unlocked to hit the
full 1.2 megawatt down the road with a
software update. But just to make it
clear, obviously the Tesla charging
hardware is still going to be as capable
as the variants we have here in the
States. And I think it's important to
highlight Dan did reiterate that the
base charger does not require a separate
cabinet like the Mega Chargers do. He
said the base charger is currently
listed for €17,000.
And we know each one of these can
deliver 120 kW, but he said these can be
daisy chained together to split and
deliver 40 kW each if any fleet is AC
limited. So let's say a fleet wanted to
buy three of these base chargers. You
could have a setup where each charger
has its own breaker and that way each
charger can deliver the full 120 kW DC
simultaneously. But the problem is some
of these charging depots in the EU I'm
reading are transformer limited. So for
those that want to be a little easier on
the grid, you could actually have three
of these base chargers all hooked up to
one breaker. And so in that scenario,
the AC power would be shared between all
three of these base chargers, which is
where you get the roughly 40 kW from.
But what's nice is doing it that way. If
you only have one truck using one base
charger, even if you go the daisy chain
route, that one can still pull the 120
kW number. And of course, if another
truck pulls up and uses base charger
number two, then they could each pull up
to 60 kW. So, you can see how you have
nice flexibility built in. And remember,
we learned that Tesla's base charger
uses one power tray from the V4
Supercharger cabinet inside the base
charger dispenser, which means that AC
toDC conversion happens in the post,
which again is why you do not need the
cabinets with the base charger. Beyond
that, Dan didn't share a whole lot we
didn't already know, but he did clarify
Tesla is now making Tesla semiis for
customers in Nevada for both North
America and the EU. EU deliveries are
still not going to start until 2027, but
he did say Tesla will continue to look
at localization production opportunities
for the Tesla Semi in Europe. SpaceX put
out a new blog post saying that the time
for flight 14, the window is set to open
as of now at 7:15 a.m. Central time on
September 22nd. As we know, there are
multiple very big milestones with this
flight. The first one being the first
orbital launch. They said by going to
orbit, the next phase of developing
Starship to be fully and rapidly
reusable can begin. Also, during the
all-in summit, Elon said, "I don't want
to tempt fate here, but I think it's
extremely likely we will achieve full
reusability with rapid reflight next
year in 2027." It's also the first time
SpaceX plans to deploy Starlink V3
satellites into the constellation. And
this flight is expected to complete
approximately six orbits around the
planet over the course of nearly a
10-hour flight with Splashdown targeted
in the Pacific Ocean to the west of
Chile. And they did say coverage is
planned to continue through splashdown
with the potential for hours of live
views from Starship as it orbits Earth.
The booster's primary test objective
will be executing a successful launch
ascent, stage separation, boost back
burn, and landing burn at an offshore
landing point in the Gulf of America.
The upper stages primary objectives
include the first orbital insertion
maneuver, deployment of 26 Starlink V3
SATs, a de-orbit burn using a single
Raptor engine while in space, a
controlled re-entry, descent, and
splashdown in the Pacific Ocean. So, no
catches planned for flight 14. And as
we've talked about, this flight alone
should add 26 terabs per second of
capacity to the Starlink network, which
is around 10 times the capacity compared
to a single launch of V2 minisats on
Falcon 9. And SpaceX said these V3
satellites should begin serving
customers as soon as a few weeks after
launch. Three of the satellites have
been modified with a suite of cameras to
scan Starship's heat shield and transmit
imagery down to operators. To continue,
testing methods of analyzing Starship's
heat shield and several upgrades and
experiments related to heat shield will
also be tested, which includes
additional retention mechanisms added to
tiles in areas deemed to be at the
highest risk of falling off during
ascent. addressing areas that offer flow
paths behind tiles for plasma and flying
multiple areas with a curved tile design
that has shown the ability to reduce
heating in the gaps between tiles. And
this one's cool. Finally, two tiles
recovered from ship 40 are planned to be
refflown on ship 41, marking the first
tile reuse for Starship. So any catching
will have to wait for flight 15, but
clearly some very exciting milestones
hopefully as soon as next week. Also
today, we learned SpaceX has announced
its first official commercial Starfall
customer. Space Cargo aims to fly in
2028 in orbital re-entry flight on the
first commercial mission of Starship. As
a refresher for those new to SpaceX,
Starfall is an aluminum housing
protected by a 10-ft wide heat shield
that SpaceX offers to customers seeking
to make products or do research in the
microgravity of space. And this
Luxembborg based space cargo company is
basically an integrator. So they'll take
these research projects from different
companies and integrate them into its
hardware which is called a bento box and
then that would be placed inside of
Starfall. And they said right here, the
space cargo deal is the first known
customer for SpaceX's Starfall program.
And as we covered briefly a few months
back, this emerging business of
returning payloads from space is
valuable for customers like drug makers
relying on the microgravity of space for
research and production involving higher
purities impossible to attain in Earth's
gravity. So various different companies
can give their oftentimes small research
projects to space cargo. Then space
cargo will package it up and handle all
of the tracking and put it into that
bento box. And then Space Cargo will
hand that to SpaceX, which will end up
in Starfall. Then SpaceX will send it up
in Starship, sounding like sometime in
2028. It'll stay in orbit for a
pre-agreed time, and then SpaceX will
put Starfall on a re-entry path. It'll
splash down somewhere, and then they'll
send people out to go retrieve it.
Shifting to Tesla today, Nitsa has said
Tesla needs to answer a series of
questions by September 30th on whether
it properly self-certified its cyber cab
as part of the government's
investigation. Nitsa said Tesla must
answer whether temporarily installed
human driver controls or other equipment
was part of Tesla's basis for certifying
compliance and other questions. As we
know, Nitsa is examining the process and
technical data Tesla relied on to
demonstrate compliance with FMBSS before
deploying CyberCab. Nitsa asked Tesla to
confirm whether the Cyber Cabs are
capable of being driven by a human
driver and if there are any controls in
the vehicle touchscreen by which
occupants can move the vehicle. And as
we know that manual joystick-like
touchscreen functionality should be
limited to first responders, the police
and/or Tesla's staff. But Nitsa also
wants answers about maximum speed,
geography or time of day limits and
other restrictions on the cyber cabs. So
Tesla has 15 days from today to give
answers. So hopefully we also get some
answers in the next 2 weeks. To all of
you down under, Tesla said the Cyber Cab
is coming for its Australia and New
Zealand tour. Go ahead and pause the
screen if you'd like, but Sydney does
start as soon as this month and this
tour will run through 2027. Tesla said
there are now 200,000 Teslas registered
in Norway. That's around 20% of EVs in
the country. Just an FYI, right now
children under 13 are not able to ride
in Tesla's Cyber Cab. Teenagers between
the age of 13 and 17 are able to ride,
but they need an adult to accompany
them. But the age bracket is different
for the Model Y. Children between the
ages of 8 and 17 are able to ride in the
Model Y if they have an adult with them.
And in the Model Y, anyone under the age
of eight cannot ride. Quietly behind the
scenes, as we've been saying, Tesla
continues to deploy these cyber cabs
across the country. David Moss shared a
video today of over 20 cyber cabs in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And yes, this
video only showed 18, but he shared a
later video adding another seven. And
yes, there were cyber cabs spotted in
Pittsburgh months ago, but at the time,
I believe it was under 10. So, the
number is growing. But, as I keep
saying, it's not just about Pittsburgh.
This is happening in dozens of cities
across the country. And Tesla Charging
shared this new video of their first
accordion supercharger. They said, "Our
goal is to preassemble all superchargers
in a factory. If we can't install
superchargers behind a curb, we now have
a pre-assembled solution for
superchargers between parking spaces. 16
stalls per truck shipment, 20% cheaper
to install, instant commissioning, and
the highest quality." So, what Tesla's
saying here is for the sites where they
can't drop the post right behind the
curb. So, think about retail lots or if
there's those little islands or there's
no curb at all to actually hide the
hardware. In those situations, Tesla can
now put these posts in the stripe
between two spaces. So, in all of those
situations to date, Tesla has a
solution. They can just put the posts on
the stripe in between parking spaces,
which works, but the actual deployment
can be complicated. you have more
trenching in the pavement, more wiring
on site. Quality can suffer sometimes
when you do it like that from what I
read. But this new accordion style is
the pre-assembled answer for that
layout. And so once the accordion's
unfolded, the cabinet will sit in the
center and then the posts will be spread
out along the parking space dividers. So
you can have the cars parking on either
side. And yes, an important distinction,
this accordion solution is in fact
different than the folding units we
recently learned about. So, the overall
idea is the same. Tesla builds the
chargers in a factory, folds them up,
ships them, and then drops them on the
lot. But the folding unit from earlier
this year is for that normal layout. The
post sit on that island or behind the
curb. But this new solution, the
accordion, it's again for those lots
where the curb island does not exist.
So, in this case, the post will sit
between the parking spaces. So, just
more innovation from Tesla charging that
will largely go overlooked, but you love
to see it. Tesla stock closed the day at
$35,658
down 67% and SpaceX closed at $14349
down 3.15%
all while the NDX was down65%.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.