Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Every AI Giant Just Moved, Tesla's in All Four
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLpvifrPLeM
Published:   2026-06-02 18:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All of the major AI powerhouse companies
made major moves yesterday and it's now
clear where this entire industry is
heading. First, SpaceX AI revealed
something that shocked investors.
According to Arc Invest, SpaceX could
generate over 50 billion in cumulative
cash flow from Anthropic through its
comput agreement. Having said that, Elon
Musk immediately pushed back, reminding
investors that the contract is
intentionally short-term because XAI may
eventually need that compute capacity
for itself. Second, Anthropic officially
filed confidentially for its IPO. This
comes after raising $65 billion at a
reported $965 billion valuation, putting
it on a doorstep of becoming one of the
largest AI companies in history. Third,
Google appears to be responding
aggressively. Reports surfaced that
Alphabet is preparing to raise $80
billion to fund AI infrastructure
expansion, while Berkshire Hathway is
reportedly participating with a $10
billion investment. Fourth, Nvidia's
Jensen Hong made it crystal clear the
next big thing is AI agents, announcing
a new CPU chip for PCs, taking aim at
Intel and AMD. Finally, Sam Alman's
OpenAI announced they're ramping their
robotic efforts as well. The AI race is
no longer just about chat bots. It's now
a race for compute, infrastructure,
agents, and humanoid robots. And Tesla
is sitting right in the middle of all
four. We got Joe Bacti joining us today.
He's an economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Let's go through all these a lot of news
just yesterday. All of them dropped. It
seems like they're trying to one up each
other, but also just seems that timing
wise things are happening really, really
fast. Um, first Brett Winton did some
calculations with the new S1 amendment.
there were some more details laid out
there and he calculated that Enthropic
is paying SpaceX AI 24 billion in
revenue. Okay, per gigawatt of uh
capacity, compute capacity. SpaceX AI
spent 29 billion per gawatt building out
that capacity.
They're basically, you know, getting
their money back. What whatever SpaceX
spent building it, they're getting the
money back. And then he said, "If the
contract were to last 5 years, 50
billion in cumulative pre-tax cash flow,
being wildly efficient at converting
cash into physical compute assets in a
world that finds itself suddenly wildly
short of compute assets is not a bad
spot to be." Uh, yeah, that's his
calculation here. Five-year cumulative
pre net tax net cash flow. Huge amounts
of money to be made if they continue to
rent out even just anthropic compute
deal just based on how much they're
spending. Okay, this is how much they
spent to build it and they basically get
it back and more. That's why it's so
good. And then of course they've used it
themselves. Now Elon threw water at this
pretty quickly. He said, "Let's not get
it carried away. This is a short-term
deal." And then he said, this person
said, "Temporary alliance between the
kingdoms." And he clarified the deal is
just literally short-term as a statement
of fact. It may be renewed at a lower
price, the same price, a higher price,
or it may end. For what it's worth, the
short deal length was our request, not
theirs. As I thought we might need to
compete back at some point. Now, the
part I'm confused with I I read that
language, and of course, the language
does not say is short-term. It says that
there's an termination clause 30 day 90
days termination clause by either party
but doesn't mean I don't know but that's
what he's saying that it is just
&gt;&gt; I think there was I'm not sure but I
think it's 180 days and then it auto it
needs to get extended something like
that
&gt;&gt; okay all right what's your thoughts
about all this
&gt;&gt; well it's very clear what's happening uh
I think Elon of of course right and uh
Winston jumped the gun a little bit so
yeah this is a short-term it's not a
fixed and guaranteed deal, but it's
important that there might be mutual
interest or especially from SpaceXi to
make it a non-binding long-term deal. Uh
because you never know what happens
next. And I think it's not about the
deal. It's about the strategic
positioning of SpaceX AI as someone in
that new world where compute will be
scarce forever probably where they have
massive compute. And so I don't think we
can see that as a guaranteed revenue
stream. But if they don't get revenue
for it, it's probably a good sign
because it means they are pulling it and
they need it for other stuff. So bottom
line, I think Elon is absolutely
winning. Same with SpaceX AI uh by
making the right moves before it was
obvious right he was building out that
compute and he's now building out super
compute in space and has Starship
prepared when it's very clear uh that
there will be infinite demand and I
think that is a great lesson for
everyone who wants to be a pioneer how
to do things don't wait until you can do
the math then it's too late you have to
you have some faith in your first
principles. Okay, there will be massive
demand. I can't prove it yet, but I
start to build because it was on a
qualitative level completely
predictable, but you couldn't model it
out, right? So, conventional CEOs would
have said, well, I can't like we have to
wait until we can model out the exact
demand. But here, Elon Basy said, let's
just build like crazy. And turns out now
he has it. So I think it's more a
testament to this qualitative first
principle thinking and getting things
done quickly and taking that little
risk. It's not that much risk and then
being there and reaping the returns.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I think that prior to I mean it's
right before the IPO, right? June 12th
is the IPO. He's playing a dance. He
needs to first show that the business
model exists and he did that. Okay. When
announcing that this deal happened, it
shows that the business model for
SpaceX, which is the future, the biggest
business model is renting AI data
centers. It exists and it happens. But
he the dance is that he also needs to
say that, hey, I've got my own AI. My AI
is going to be the eventually the best
in the world. It is not right now, but
it will eventually. I need to say, hey,
I'm going to use this uh compute, too.
So we're not we're purposely are the
ones trying to make sure we have access
to it because the biggest TAM in a
SpaceX you know S1 perspectus is
enterprise AI which is macro hard he
that is that AI that AI has to succeed
if that doesn't exceed succeed his
business is renting compute which is a
big deal you can make a lot of money and
video is the largest company in the
world because they sell the
infrastructure part of the
infrastructure so I think he's on both
sides.
I mean, I think it's just absolutely
winning because he has an integrated
vertical stack and either he captures
the entire value chain by having macro
hard compete directly with anthropic and
openi and Google or Google's not really
in the game but these two or he can't or
right now he cannot compete with them
and so the question is at what point if
ever can he compete with them my
prediction is sooner than people think
because of what we discussed with cursor
I think that was absolutely genius
what's happening there. So we will be
very surprised how rapidly now Grock is
approximating the anthropic and open eye
performance because of cursor. Uh but as
long as that's not the case he can just
use them as clients at least anthropic
he's not going to give it to
&gt;&gt; brilliant place to be in yeah the latest
data showing that gro comput is actually
starting to take shape and starting to
look good. We'll see. All right lots of
other news that happened yesterday.
anthropic is a little confusing. First
of all, they filed officially filed for
their IPO confidentially for now, which
is normal. Um, they have been saying
they want to go IPO. They're ready to
go. They filed the draft S1 to the SEC.
We don't know any of the details around
that um at this point. And um so
officially submitted a draft
registration statement on form S1 to the
USCISC for a proposed IPO. the number of
shares to be offered and the price have
not yet been set. Okay, but it's it's
there. At the same time, it's crazy. Not
only are they about to go IPO, they
raised money. It's like unbelievable.
They raised $65 billion in series H
funding. Series H funding. This is
crazy. And they're now valued at $965
billion. This is a private company
valued at almost a trillion dollars. And
they're about to go IPO. So this is led
by Altimter Capital, Dragon Ear, Green
Oaks, and Seoia. This investment will
help us advance our research and expand
our capacity to meet growing demand for
Claude. And of course, a lot of that
are, you know, some of that's going to
go 5 million of that will go to um
SpaceX. But yeah, they raised money and
then they're about to go IPO huge.
I mean, yeah, these people are killing
it. Even though I complained a lot over
the weekend about claude, I think it got
totally lobbomized and it's horrible
right now, but it's probably going to be
fixed by end of the week. So, I'm a big
Claude design user and also Claude 4.8 8
or 4.7 uh for mostly for logic and
writing work and it was it turned
horrible which is very interesting to
observe that such a giant company even
though a startup but giant that it has
such quality control issues. Uh but I
think that's normal for AI. They do one
tweak and suddenly the whole thing is
dumb. Uh so it's it's interesting how
fast this space moves, how fast adoption
moves. they have just absolutely massive
I think they hit like 47 billion or
something uh arr
uh like the other week. So it's kind of
absolutely fascinating the intelligence
explosion and anthropic leading this
whole space by actually creating the
harness that is effective that actually
makes these agents effective for us. But
it's also a little scary when you think
about how much work they do these agents
for the entire world now for the entire
economy and how vulnerable they are just
a single update and suddenly everything
is toast. So I'm like yeah I wonder
I mean it's going to be fine and we are
going to all have everything we want but
in between it's kind of insane the level
of the bet everyone is making on these
things. We don't have a choice
and how fragile the intelligence still
is. So let's see what happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they upgraded to Opus 4.8. It's
supposed to be much better, but you're
finding that it's not as good. Do you
think that this is uh because of a lack
of compute which they when they
sometimes have lack of compute, they
they throttle it and then it becomes
really dumb. Uh or B is the harness that
you talked about last week. They somehow
tweaked the harness and now it's not as
good as because everybody else's harness
is pretty pathetic compared to uh
&gt;&gt; both I think the harness for compute
reasons and that can massively destroy
everything. I mean clot design went from
absolutely mindbogglingly amazing to bad
&gt;&gt; and it's still much better than codec. I
tried codecs for design like for website
stuff. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's still very dumb, but uh I mean claw
design is probably at 40% performance or
something in terms of quality. You tell
it something. Before it was just
mindboggling
like top-notch design and now it just
sucks. So, and that was since Friday.
So, I think it's a they tweak the
harness, but why how do they tweak the
harness? They never tweak it to be
better. They tweak it to be cheaper. And
you know, I'm sure they can fix it, but
it's it's also like when you think about
these plans,
&gt;&gt; I honestly when I assess this honestly
are paying 200 bucks a month, I feel
it's off in a way that's too beneficial
for us. It's like it seems off. I'm
paying 200 bucks a month and I get like
infinite teams of top-notch designers.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's too many competitors.
That's why you can switch over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but they're probably losing money
or losing money. That's why they're
raising money. But it's compute access I
think is the most reason the biggest
reason why they're they're struggling
Chelsea
&gt;&gt; and growth like they're growing they're
losing money so they want to tweak their
harness to do more with less but then
you just do less with less and then it
sucks. So that's the big challenge of
course.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, you got Anthropic going
pic. So, it looks like SpaceX will go
first and then Anthropic is right
behind. And now we know OpenAI is also
making moves there as well. We'll talk
about that. But right now, Alphabet,
Google, they they they're already public
of course, but uh they're raising $80
billion in stock to fund their AI
investments. Isn't that great? 80
billion. Guess what? Birkshire Hathaway
is participating. Google not wanting to
be left out of the fund of the SpaceX
anthropic and opening upcoming IPOs,
they announced that it'll be raising 80
billion by selling new shares. Oops. So,
uh, Bersarway apparently is investing 10
billion. Okay, that's great. Look at
that. Can you imagine? Google just
announced 80 billion. Birkshire is
quietly building their positions in Q3.
30 billion unwritten public offerings
stock and mandatory convertible
preferred 40 billion at the market
program and 10 billion from Berkshire
Hathaway use of proceeds AI comput and
infrastructure buildout the more money
you spend the more money you get Elon uh
Jensen Hong just said that on compute
and it's turning out that that's true we
just shared with you what what happened
with El Elon now the the backdrop here
is in Q1 Google's making a ton of money
$110 billion ion 22% year-over-year. So
for 80 billion rates, that's nothing.
Look at this. They have a backlog of 46
billion in their Google Cloud business.
Their capex plan 180 to 190 billion.
They got cash. This is nothing.
Well, it's also I mean what's
interesting here is number one uh I was
always wondering why are they so debt
financing these people when they have
such tremendous cash machines with their
public stock and so it's probably just a
balance sheet strategy but it's I think
very smart to do equity I think the
market is super hungry for it so easy to
raise and for all the people all the
dummies who say we are in an AI bubble
guess who gives the money guess who buys
the shares. Warren Buffett, everyone is
like, "Oh, Buffett indicator, we are
totally overvalued. It's a bubble."
Guess what? They're literally pouring
money into what people call the bubble.
Because it's not a bubble. If you're a
value investor and you look at Max 7 x
Tesla, maybe uh it's clear that this is
just a giant cash flow bonanza. So,
yeah, just a validation that the
smartest investors in the world
understand this is not a bubble. This is
an explosion of cash.
and money is flowing. This is nothing.
And uh AI is transforming it into actual
results and real money. This is it. Like
you got to spend the money and then
you're going to make so much money.
We're still at the very beginning. This
is a not even a race. Everybody will
win. That's the thing. It's not really a
race per se. Um but it's great to see
all this uh investment and then we'll
see where this goes. But uh that's
Google. Nvidia yesterday was uh Jensen
Wong was presenting and uh he's talking
about pushing AI agents at Computex.
So they unveiled a new CPU chip for PCs.
Okay, this is for AI agents. Uh so
obviously Nvidia is known for their
training chips that you would use for
supercomputers to train an AI but now
they've got a CPU chip for PCs because
you the more PCs will be sold because
everybody's PC will now be hosting AI
agents in them will debut in laptop and
desktop computers from leading PC brands
Dell and Lenovo. They partner with uh
this the chip is called RTX Spark
Superchip
and it is taking aim at Intel and AMD
company called MediaTek. Their shares
surged because they're part of the
they're going to be part of this um
group to make this along with TSMC. He
was also very upbeat on his new Vera in
um training chip data center CPU because
open anthropic and SpaceX are all early
adopters and then you know and then he
actually changed his tune. He's now
saying that AI or not him I'm sorry you
know he's countering what Anthropic CEO
Dario is saying that AI is going to
decrease jobs but in fact he says that's
nonsense.
Yeah. And then um that's what's going
on. So this is Now these people Dario is
now saying this is not true. It's
totally
because he's doing an IPO. So we have to
always discount all these Silicon Valley
guys in Wall Street. They're just saying
whatever makes the money. And I think
the doom scenario that we might kill
everyone with muos. Uh that's just PR.
That doesn't mean there's not a doom
risk, but they're not when they talk,
they have an agenda. That's very
important. That's why we should not
listen to CEOs about the future of
society, including Elon, by the way.
Don't listen to these people when they
talk you
&gt;&gt; amazing abundance.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Because you will see one
pattern. I always made this joke like
back in the days in COVID. It was
Zuckerberg versus Musk with their big
medical theories. One was saying, "Oh,
CO is nothing. It's a hoax." The other
one is saying, "We're all going to die.
Stay home." And now think about who said
what. Just randomly the guy with the
giant factory said it's a hoax. You
should go to work. And the guy who sells
you Facebook on your phone says don't
leave the house. Just watch Facebook.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean I love Elon and everything but we
have to understand these are money
machines and when they talk they will
never say anything that hurts them.
That's just
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure.
&gt;&gt; And that's why it's not good to listen
to to societal predictions. And that's
also true for Daario. He just says, "Oh,
you all getting killed by the way by
anthropic because we're raising money.
We have the best model." And then he
goes public say, "Oh, by the way, the
job problem is solved. I don't know how,
but we have now all jobs. You should
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he switched his team to that."
Okay. But what about the um you know,
Nvidia getting into the PC market and
and then
&gt;&gt; I think it's huge. And by the way,
Nvidia is up 6%
when they announced that. Crazy for a
company like this.
&gt;&gt; Whole new market. Yeah. my second
biggest holding by the way. So that
offset the crazy Tesla slide. So that
made my losses on Monday a little less.
But I think it's huge. I think people
underestimate what that means. Here's in
a nutshell what it means. I just did a
video on that too coming out tomorrow
probably. Um in a nutshell what it means
is you can expect. So number one these
chips are mir like wonders of the world
when you look at the chip. This is
insane. So now you have edge compute
extremely powerful GPUs and agents and
CPUs like 12 cores or 24 CPU cores and
like whatever 60 GPU coursees crazy on
your laptop. Uh this will be huge and
hugely beneficial because now can you
can run all these models and everything
locally and Microsoft is of course
totally the strategic partner here on
Windows. So, the first effect is instead
of average laptop price being 900 bucks
or whatever it is right now, it's going
to be 2,000
&gt;&gt; and everyone is going to buy it cuz I'm
super stingy. I only buy cheap lap like
$1,000 laptops because I hate wasting
money. I will not hesitate to buy a
$25,000 laptop now because I want that
stuff. I think I'm very representative
of everyone. So, you will double the
average cost and price of a laptop. we
will double it for desktops too. That
means you're effectively doubling the
entire TAM of the entire home compute
business in the world at least for
Windows which is 50% or something. So
Nvidia will get half of that because
guess what these chips are extremely
expensive. So if you increase a laptop
price from a thousand bucks to two and a
half thousand nearly all of that goes to
Nvidia the differential. Uh the the
other guys also going to make money. So
this is not a small business. Even
though Nvidia is enormous, this is not a
small pie because you just doubled the
entire time in my opinion. We will see.
Number two, uh this is very good for
Nvidia because they are killing Intel
and whoever else is in that market, AMD
and so on. And number three, here's
maybe the most interesting prediction. I
think Apple has to make a move and they
have no choice and they have to adopt
the Nvidia chip because there's no way
on earth
&gt;&gt; that Apple can replicate anything like
that. This is a major
&gt;&gt; chip. So my prediction is Apple has no
choice.
&gt;&gt; There's no way on earth. They got their
M1. It's powerful enough to run these AI
agents. Your Mac Mini, they're
&gt;&gt; I think you're like they're so far
behind when it comes to this kind of
stuff. Nvidia now has a custom super
chip. You have to look at this thing.
This is crazy. They put the entire
Blackwell technology into that chip,
including even the link to the CPUs. So,
there is no way on earth that Apple can
get anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; so my prediction would be there's an
Apple deal soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, these So, I guess there's two
ways that these uh computers can go
these these, you know, CPUs. They can
either be um dumbed down and just be
thin, very cheap, but they do a lot of
inference. Think think about uh you know
Tesla's approach with cars, robots,
their chips there are really cheap as
much as they can keep it so but fast and
quick or you know you basically are
creating a supercomputer in your Mac
MacBook and that becomes a supercomputer
and able to do all sorts of things.
&gt;&gt; And it's it's very important this is of
course not about training. It's all
about inference. But there is a tweak
that I only recently understood like two
weeks ago or something. These new
architectures that we are building,
these new chip architectures, they are
not inference versus training. It's very
inference focused, but they are agentic.
And what agentic means is you need CPUs
and tons of RAM in there. So you have
inference and then you have a you have a
ton of agent
&gt;&gt; and you have a tightly linked mega high
throughput I don't know how many
trillions of bytes per second and so in
this nv link or whatever is on the chip
this super high-speed link that you
can't just build as Apple and then you
have I think 20 CPUs or something is
crazy and that means you have extreme
agentic power because agent like agents
they need to use inference and GPUs But
then they have to execute side tasks
that do something on a computer and
that's this the uh CPUs and if you have
a lot of agents they need multiple
parallel CPUs to just execute that task
and that's a massive there's just no way
Apple can build something like this.
This is like Nvidia's core power and so
it will be very interesting and also
what Microsoft
does there with Windows. They're
probably behind. It's all messed up
because it's Microsoft, but they at
least make an attempt to have an
operating system that's agentic first
and allows you to, you know, natively
have basically an agentic system. So,
this will be huge. And I do think Apple
has to make a move. They basically have
to do the same thing.
&gt;&gt; I hope I hope they partner with Terraab.
You know, that's what SpaceX is doing
and Tesla. But I do I do not think when
it comes to I I do not think here's what
I do don't think. I do not think you
anyone including Elon can compete with
Nvidia on Nvidia's home turf. And
Nvidia's home turf is uh allurpose
&gt;&gt; AI factories and now general purpose AI
laptops and desktops. I do not think
anyone can compete there.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I think what what Tesla does is
vertically integrated Optimus and space
compute and of course robo taxi. I think
that's where Tesla similar to Broadcom
can nail it have something much more
cost effective and extremely powerful as
a vertical stack but they cannot go into
a general purpose laptops.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe maybe you're right. Okay, so
I we know that uh Nvidia is the king in
uh training compute GPUs. They they
Yeah, that that's true. but they're not
that great in inference compute and
that's where Terrafab and Tesla is the
king in ter inference. Now what you're
saying with the agentic AI it's kind of
like in the middle or something. Uh and
that part I don't know and I need to
understand that part. a Gentic AI does
not need inference and whether Terrafabs
chips are not just for inference but
they can also do Agentic AI then then
I'll debate you there because I do think
that uh I don't think that these guys
Nvidia are as good in in in aic AI
necessarily but they're making a move.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think you know it's even in
inference Nvidia is very strong with
Grock like with their Grock with Q. Uh
it's just that they're I They're a
master of all. They they need to have
their tool meet all sorts of needs
versus Tesla is very specifically on AI
inference. Boom.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. General purpose is where Nvidia
cannot be beaten. So general purpose
data centers and general purpose laptops
and desktops where people like Google,
Amazon and also Tesla can win is
vertically integrated stacks that are
not general purpose that use their own
software, their own operating systems
like Optimus, Roboaxi and these whatever
space comput is going to do which is
more raw power uh inference.
&gt;&gt; All right, we'll follow this very
closely. Uh Nvidia also announced that
they have their Vera GPU. Anthropic
Openi and SpaceX are the first big users
of that. Um the new Vera chip. We
already knew about this. Nothing new. So
I'm going to go through this very
quickly here. And then the last story
here is OpenAI themselves try to remind
the world that they actually have a
human or robot division, a robotics
division. Human or robots being one of
them. And they're looking to hire people
as well. I don't know how successful
these guys will be. you never count out
large the large leading uh companies but
for sure I mean OpenAI Anthropic
Google I think Google can can finally
figure this out but they're software
people they're AI people they're not
hardware manufacturing
&gt;&gt; extremely Google skep I'm like a Google
hater to be totally honest
you are going to be the the winner
&gt;&gt; but they I just hate Google for multiple
reasons I think I hate them as a
consumer I think like they always fail
on product and I don't understand why.
Look at Gemini. Total crap. And I don't
like the vibe. It's just a horrible
company. I think the stock I'm not
giving any stock advice on Google. I
think they can be absolutely successful.
They're not bad in running a company. So
I'm not saying it's a bad stock, but I
just personally hate them. Um I think
OpenAI,
it's a very interesting story with the
robots because they got kicked out by
Figure for whatever or they I don't know
who kicked whom out. Yeah, figure k well
figure CEO an alcohox says he kicked out
open aai because
&gt;&gt; that's that was very interesting. So
openai had ambitions and was strongly
invested in robotics with figure and
then for some reason that blew up. No
one knows exactly why
&gt;&gt; figure is not as soon as you found out
that Sam Alman and first of all Sam
Alman and they're about you're going to
get into a robot your own competitor.
Why would I train your system so that
you can steal that info and then you
know you know you're certainly behind
and let opening catch up, right? So
that's screw you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, but it's a I always thought it's a
huge lift for Figure to figure that out
and now I think it's also a huge lift
for OpenAI to build robots. So
&gt;&gt; who knows, you know that I'm a Tesla
bull. I think it's going to be extremely
hard to compete with Optimus. the other
guys who are strong like Hyundai for
example Boston what is it called Boston
dynamics uh I think they should also not
be underestimated we see what Korea does
I mean Korea is going through the roof
because they have all these chip you
know they have the RAM they have Samsung
and uh Hyundai is now the big robotics
it's probably the second most formidable
robotics
uh player after Tesla in my opinion it's
a very big company they are they have
bought one of the best robotics com uh
um companies and they can deploy and
train these robots in a giant
industrial, you know, in all these
different processes. So, it's going to
be interesting.
But when I look at OpenAI,
ah I just don't see it because building
these robots is extremely non-trivial.
Extremely non-trivial. Like how are you
just going to stand up in a time?
&gt;&gt; Zero factories right now. Yeah. No
factory experience at all.
um never count them out. Yeah, but
they're they're coming in from behind.
But uh they all every single company
made a major announcement in the last
just 24 hours. It's a freaking race and
we're talking
like similar to Whimo and Google.
&gt;&gt; Uh maybe maybe they finally do it with
Whimo and buy an OEM. They will be very
cheap next year.
&gt;&gt; That will happen.
&gt;&gt; But same with OpenAI. Why don't they buy
Maybe it's not easy. They should buy
like a robotics Chinese cool robotics
company or something.
&gt;&gt; They will. They have to. That's the only
way for this to happen. Whimo is going
to be buying an a large automaker and
OpenAI will be buying a humano robot
company. There's no doubt about it.
Including all the factories and
everything. It's all about money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You don't want to pay the margin and you
I mean buying an OEM is so easy. You buy
it and you strip it all out and say we
need a singular robo taxi platform. Just
do it. I mean, how hard can it be?
&gt;&gt; It's happening. How hard can it be?
We'll find out. Uh there's no doubt
we'll be making that show one day, the
announcements for both of these
predictions. Thank you so much, Joe.
Follow him on his website at
pionerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.