Source:      electrek
Title:       Tesla grows Robotaxi fleet by 50%, Einride gets a partner, and China goes BIG
Author:      Jo Borrás
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/08/17/tesla-grows-robotaxi-fleet-by-50-einride-gets-a-partner-and-china-goes-big/
Published:   2026-08-18 02:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-18 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On this second consecutive self-steering episode of Quick Charge, we take a look at how Tesla increased its national self-driving Robotaxi fleet by half with the stroke of a pen, and see how the company’s autonomous deployments compare to the rest of the world’s.

We’ve also got some news from autonomous freight and logistics experts Einride, who have Level 4 autonomous heavy trucks operating in Europe and, more recently, Ohio – but they’re just scratching the surface, because China has literally THOUSANDS of fully autonomous ultra heavy haul trucks operating in mines, today.

You can check those out in the source articles linked, below, then let us know what you think how the hype stacks up against reality in the comments.

## Source Links

- Nevada caps Tesla’s Vegas ‘Robotaxi’ fleet at 10 — it asked for 5,000

- PACCAR brand DAF to add Level 4 Einride autonomy to its electric trucks

- Forget Tesla hype — Einride begins public L4 autonomous electric semi operations

- Einride L4 autonomous electric semi truck gets real – in Ohio

- 350-ton Longking ZL230E is the biggest, baddest battery mining rig you can buy

- Electric, autonomous, and there’s 800 of them: inside this week’s BIGGEST deal

- This mine put 100 autonomous electric haul trucks to work – here’s how it went

Today’s episode is sponsored by GM Energy Pass, a new feature that simplifies your drive, from daily commutes to epic road trips. By bringing charging options together in one place, we make it easy for you to find charging stations and plug in your EV. Plus, you can access large public charging networks—bringing you peace of mind on every drive. Learn more at GM Energy.

 
 
 

Prefer listening to your podcasts? Audio-only versions of Quick Charge are now available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, and our RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players

New episodes of Quick Charge are (allegedly) recorded several times per week, most weeks. We’ll be posting bonus audio content from time to time as well, so be sure to follow and subscribe so you don’t miss a minute of Electrek’s high-voltage podcast series.

Got news? Let us know!
Drop us a line at tips@electrek.co. You can also rate us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, or recommend us in Overcast to help more people discover the show

If you’re considering going solar, it’s always a good idea to get quotes from a few installers. To make sure you find a trusted, reliable solar installer near you that offers competitive pricing, check out EnergySage, a free service that makes it easy for you to go solar. It has hundreds of pre-vetted solar installers competing for your business, ensuring you get high-quality solutions and save 20-30% compared to going it alone. Plus, it’s free to use, and you won’t get sales calls until you select an installer and share your phone number with them. 

Your personalized solar quotes are easy to compare online and you’ll get access to unbiased Energy Advisors to help you every step of the way. Get started here.