Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       The Most Unbelievable Rocket Launch In History!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zoFdjP8xEo
Published:   2026-07-10 18:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-10 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When you're dealing with something as
complex as building a rocket or as
building a launchpad, being extremely
mindful of the critical path is
important.
And what the critical path is is the
longest set of sequential events that
are gated by each other that must be
completed in order for a task to happen.
Attention operators on LBN zero. We are
getting ready for pre-operative for
flight 12 here. We're going to start off
with some calm protocol.
&gt;&gt; Tminus one minute.
&gt;&gt; When we see an unexpected response, how
confident are we in being able to
explain that such that we're not
unknowingly walking into an actual
bigger problem that this was just a
small symptom of
&gt;&gt; holding at t-minus 40 seconds.
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Got you. This looks like a
blip. Uh on blind pressure when we
unpinned pressures and preloads are
healthy.
&gt;&gt; Copy that. Uh and what is the time we
would unpin at?
&gt;&gt; Okay, copy. Agree. We should attempt
again.
&gt;&gt; On LVN zero ship QDZ actuator blowing
outside QD vent pressure range
&gt;&gt; on anomaly zero tower curry. I think I'm
going to recommend actually standby.
It's drifting back into range.
&gt;&gt; Is it going to fire again? Tower mech.
&gt;&gt; Uh possibly. It seems like it's part of
the dynamics when we see
&gt;&gt; there's a pinner that keeps cut line
from the whole and it turns back.
There's a pin that locks it into place
if the hydraulic actuator is not pulling
it up. It seems to be
&gt;&gt; and Elon is actually really really good
at quickly absorbing information,
understanding the stakes, understanding
the consequences, understanding if
today's our day or not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it's hard to tell cuz
this is all fogged up from cryo, but
it's essentially right there.
Tower sty, are you on anomaly zero?
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir. I got you.
&gt;&gt; I don't have an explanation for why it
did not unpin the second time.
&gt;&gt; I personally have never felt any
pressure from Elon of like it doesn't
matter hell or high water, we're flying
this rocket. Like absolutely not. That's
not his style. And like like I said,
critical path to Mars is not blowing up
rockets.
&gt;&gt; Guys, I recommend we release hold and
give it one more chance to unlatch with
where we're at.
&gt;&gt; Ship P XY are not going to close down
and damped, but I believe that's okay.
Okay, we have just enough time on the
vehicle to attempt one more time. So, I
recommend we clear the hole, let it try
to unlatch it at the 100 bar we're at.
&gt;&gt; We're still stuck in dep though.
&gt;&gt; Understood. We'd be reattempting with
the same hydraulic pressure.
&gt;&gt; Cool. This will be our last attempt and
then we're done on the rockets.
when we're only a week out from flight.
My main focus is getting into flight.
The thing that separates us from a lot
of other companies is that we we test
fast and we test often. And that
includes launches. We want to make sure
the vehicle is all ready to go. We want
to make sure the ground's all ready to
go. But we also don't want to be caught
in analysis paralysis.
&gt;&gt; Our main objective today is a 10 engine
static fire
&gt;&gt; abort on Albian one. Looks like we
kicked out due to two combusters from
the apex bank being pulled.
&gt;&gt; There was a pad side abort.
These things were holding like 5 6,000
tons of propellant plus the rocket
weight. And it's like okay well why
didn't you guys simulate that? It's
like, well, cuz we didn't have anything
that weighed that much. Like, this is
the first time we put anything on it
that weighed that much. So, there's just
so much that you have to think about and
then be very paranoid on.
&gt;&gt; We kicked out early. All teams triage
alerts. Prepare for offlin.
&gt;&gt; We actually had another padort on the
diverter. Basically, right during engine
firing, it was so much noise and
vibration that it actually shook the
sensors that are located out in this
area enough that they were aborted us
out of the test.
We went back obviously afterwards and
looked at all the data and tried to come
up with smarter ways to basically still
protect the integrity of the diverter
throughout the operation while changing
our parameters so that we were making
sure that we would not abort again.
A flame diverter is like a super simple
concept that is like not at all
complicated in operation and is just
absolutely murderous in the details.
These are extremely sophisticated
thermal load sensing devices. If they
turn into melted metal slag, then you
know that uh you got too much heat. If
you melt this, you're hotter than
aluminum melts. If you melt this, you're
hotter than zinc melts. If you melt
this, you're hotter than copper melts.
If you melt this, you're hotter than
Sharpie melts. So, we're sub Sharpie.
We have all of this mass flow, all of
this energy that is just absolutely
trying to obliterate our pad. We want to
give it a thing to obliterate to keep
from obliterating the things that we
care about. And the thing we give it is
water.
The amount of energy that water can
absorb is is like miraculous. And so if
you can get high enough pressure water
in the right places and just allow it to
to flash boil that water, then it solves
a lot of the problems for you. Like the
idea is that the steel never gets that
hot. The structures never get that hot
cuz the water absorbs all that energy,
turns the steam and and everything's
okay.
So for this flame deflector on pad 2,
we're sitting somewhere in the
neighborhood of about 650,000 gallons
per minute.
That's approximately in the range of
about like one entire Olympic swimming
pool being drained in the course of a
minute.
You're trying to look into this thing
and you see how like glowing hot it is.
It's just uh yeah a pretty impossible
environment to keep something happy in.
But and you zoom in and the flame
deflector's still there. So that's the
reason we we build those things.
Putting the rocket into human terms is
something really tough. 65,000 pounds
per second of propellant that is coming
out of the engines. And again, just like
18 million pounds of thrust. Like what
does that number mean? I think of like
11 Ford F-150 trucks per second just
zipping out of the bottom of the rocket.
It's like imagine if you had the world's
biggest machine gun except for instead
of shooting bullets, it was shooting
pickup trucks and it's just firing 11
pickup trucks per second out of the
bottom of the rocket. It's like do you
think your stuff could survive that?
for the last, you know, week or two, uh,
it's mostly just been running on stress
and caffeine, uh, because, uh, we had so
many things that we were trying to
incorporate and there's just a lot of
riding on this test. The previous test
that we did did not achieve enough
duration such that we had the
engineering data that we needed to be
confident moving into flight. If not
able to get this test off successfully
today, then you know we're pushing
launch day for day, which is an
extremely big drag on the entire program
and and all the engineering teams
involved. So there's always pressure
going into an op, but this one is
particularly high.
Wow, big nuts.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this was a big day. Uh the fourth
attempt that we've had for a static fire
and we finally went full duration on all
engines. So, feels really good. I'm
super relieved. Again, it was like
pretty dynamic. And having done this
four times now, it's like, man, what
else can go wrong here? Because we just
haven't seen the vibration and the
temperatures that we're about to be
subjected to.
We've never connected the QD to a
vehicle and we've never flowed
propellant into a Starship on pad 2. So
although this was a really big
milestone, the next step is to prove
that those systems work in the way that
we designed them to.
We designed this pad to be able to
support a launch every 60 minutes
indefinitely.
The thing about pad 1 is it was designed
to be very quick to build. It was
designed to be very cheap and it was
designed to give good access to the aft
end of the booster.
The reason all those things were a
design goal is because we sucked at
building Starship pads and we sucked at
building starships. It's like we didn't
we didn't know what we were doing
because it was impossible to know what
you were doing because no one had ever
done something like this before. The
brief on that one was, hey, get
something up very quick and very scrappy
and very inexpensively. But that's okay.
It actually needs to to just be good
enough for us to learn. And then if we
can learn from it, we'll go build the
actual good thing.
I mean the integration mechanism is the
pad, the catch mechanism is the pad. All
of this stuff is like integral to how
the pad operates. And so the reason we
call it stage zero is is literally it is
the first stage of the launch process.
And if it is not working, we cannot go
launch. And so that certainly like
raises the stakes and raises the
priority and like drama whenever things
go wrong on the pad.
Post static fire, as we were transiting
the chopstick arms uh back to a lower
position, we heard a loud noise out at
the pad.
&gt;&gt; It's vibrating an entire tower.
Something got jammed up in the chain and
maybe it caused it to snap. We don't
really know if it's broken completely or
if it's just cockeyed or buckled in some
way. God, it sounds terrible.
&gt;&gt; So, we are in a mad dash to get that
roller diagnosed and replaced as soon as
possible.
&gt;&gt; The chop carriage has many rollers
positioned at different parts around the
tower. And when I say roller, it's
literally like imagine the world's
largest bicycle chain. It's built almost
exactly like a bike chain except for
it's 380 pounds and the chop carriage
weighs a lot and so it basically broke
one of those links. The chain got bound
up and the day after static fire. We
called our buddies at the Cape. We had
some spare units over there for building
the Cape towers. We're able to hot shot
to overnight the the chain to us. Got
the old chain torn apart. Got the new
one put together, flew it up, and the
morning after that we're ready to rock.
Hey, with the with these ones, make sure
we're going up.
&gt;&gt; It was on the order of like 30 hours, 36
hours from we found the problem to to
had it fully back in service on like an
item that was not really designed to be
very serviceable.
to be able to come up with a scrappy
plan, you know, attempt to support it
with cranes, get in there and and boogie
is like that's like just classic SpaceX
nonsense.
Tower Curry, are you go?
&gt;&gt; We are still go for tomorrow, but it's
like a very very tight schedule.
We're basically at a race with the ship
right now.
Witching in three, two, one.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; All right. Chopsticks aren't moving.
Come on, baby.
That's crazy.
What a day.
The purpose of this mission is to
collect some really high profile imagery
of the Starship, specifically its heat
shield after re-entry.
This is the most in-depth operation that
we've ever conducted. We'll be having
the most buoys with the most equipment
and way more drones than we have ever
had to have offshore.
This buoy right here has been used since
flight 5. We deployed these buoys kind
of like as a hailmary attempt. They were
very scrappily but you know as well as
they could be put together.
It was almost miraculous even in the
middle of the night to see all of these
buoys pointed directly at Starship as it
was landing.
And gradually from flight 5, 6, 7 and
onwards, these have always been
deployed.
While it does get punctured, we can
patch them as needed and and kind of
give them the band-aids that they need
in order to keep kicking.
We just departed the port here at
Xmouth. I think we've got about a two
two and a half day transit,
500 nautical miles up to a 21-day voyage
out to the Indian Ocean.
We will be getting a full almost 3D
model of the vehicle at different points
of re-entry and landing that will allow
us to not only assess the performance of
the vehicle for flight 12, but build a
new and better Starship.
It's weird the things you find yourself
getting good at in your quest to go to
Mars or the moon or fly a bunch of
satellites. And something we are really
good at as a company is just moving big
things.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Looking good. Just like
that.
Yeah. You hug this left side, you'll be
good on your right side off of the
building.
&gt;&gt; So, we have a whole team of people, the
CLT, the critical lift team.
&gt;&gt; Good to roll forward. And their job is
just to move, to maintain, to operate
equipment and infrastructure to move
heavy things all around.
&gt;&gt; V19 is now entering Highway 4.
All of the great people of Starbase
watching V19 roll out to the pad.
&gt;&gt; We wanted to make sure we made it down
here for the first version three.
&gt;&gt; I was here for flight 9 and 11. I got to
see the catch. You don't get to say that
every day. Honestly, just seeing um the
V30 take flight, it's been a long wait.
And also the flame trench is going to
look pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Looking good on your left side. Keep on
rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling.
&gt;&gt; Just out here to watch the B19 roll out
with my family visiting Starbase. It's
just cool to see everyone working at
SpaceX together to push forward
humanity's future.
&gt;&gt; Got a beautiful line like that. We'll
keep walking in just like that for a
little bit.
all clear to the front.
&gt;&gt; And so they move our rockets. They are
like I mean absolute pros at just give
them a random ginormous shape and say
this needs to get from here to there and
they'll go do it.
Going to keep it nice and slow.
So, right now we're in Star Factory and
we're doing the final preparations to
load the imaging satellites into our
satellite speed loader. This is the last
step that's going to happen before we
send the satellites over to Mega Bay 2
where they're going to be loaded into
ship and prepared for flight.
So, these two satellites will be just
two of 22 total deployed objects. The
other 20 are what we call satellite
simulators. They don't have computers on
board or anything like that. They're
really just hunks of steel that mimic
the shape and weight of satellites
approximately. It helps us test the PEZ
deploy system. We're also going to be
inspecting the more sensitive components
of the satellite. The laser optics that
send data to other satellites, the
thruster on board for onorbit
maneuvering. All of those systems are
more sensitive to things like FOD or
dust. So, we want to give them one last
inspection before they go in to make
sure they're ready to go to space.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Bennett, just confirm for us that
you are ready for us to lift the next
satellite.
&gt;&gt; We've finished the profile. Everything
looks good. I'm going to disable now.
So, they'll be good to remove rigging.
&gt;&gt; Copy. Standing by.
All 22 of those objects going to mass up
to about 37 12 metric tons. that is
heavier than any payload Falcon has ever
launched. I believe this is the heaviest
payload SpaceX will have launched ever.
So, we want to learn as much as possible
about the PEZ system and how the
satellites interact with it. We're on
that suborbital trajectory, but it shows
the capability that Starship has for
future orbital missions coming up.
Yeah, I was thinking like why why the
tower team has these big crisises always
like right before we have like a big
operation. I think it has to just do
with the scale of everything. Like we
have these big complicated mechanisms
that like need to work right every time
we use them. And just replacing a roller
turned into this several day ordeal with
flying in from the the Cape, three
cranes to get it in and out where like
if this was a broken bearing on some
little dinky
electrical motor, it would have been
much easier to make that swap in an hour
instead of 24. I I feel like it also set
us set us up for success in terms of
like the getting mentally ready to act
on immediate. So super exciting time
tomorrow. Hopefully we see the fruits of
our labor sort of culminate in in a
great successful flight.
&gt;&gt; Anything on your side?
&gt;&gt; No, looks good. All right, let's get
into safing so we can extend the
platform.
&gt;&gt; After this, we'll transition to reload
on latch. Take the HP to intermed.
I'll give you a countdown and quit
releasing.
holding at t-minus 40 seconds.
&gt;&gt; This looks like a blip uh on blind
pressure when we unpinned pressures and
preloads are healthy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it's hard to tell. This
is all fogged up from cryo, but it's
essentially right there.
&gt;&gt; Guys, I recommend we release hold and
give it one more chance to unlatch with
where we're at.
&gt;&gt; Shy are not going to close down and
damped, but I believe that's okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we have just enough time on the
vehicle to attempt one more time. So, I
recommend we clear the hold, let it try
to unlatch it at the 100 bar we're at.
&gt;&gt; We're still stuck in damp damping,
though.
&gt;&gt; Understood. We'd be reattempting with
the same hydraulic pressure.
&gt;&gt; Cool. This will be our last attempt and
then we're done on the rockets.
&gt;&gt; Unexpected drop in Zcylinder blind
pressure when we unpend.
&gt;&gt; That was different from the first few
tries.
&gt;&gt; That's correct. Different problem.
&gt;&gt; Copy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this might be due to QDRM dynamics
when we unpin. So I Yeah, don't I don't
think trying again is going to solve the
problem to be honest.
We're done for flight for the day. Uh
flight. Thank you.
mechanical systems really come alive in
that last 40 seconds. As a part of that
sequence,
one of the things that we do is we unpin
that arm so that the QD can swing away
and not blow itself up as the rocket
flies away.
And that part of the arm is pushing hard
against the tower while we unlatch to
make sure that that even if there's
excess pressure or anything like that
that the QD stays really tight up
against the ship. And the first time
that we had unpinned that arm in flight
conditions was that attempt. So as we
retracted that pin, the arm wanted to
shove closer into the tower. It caused
the endector to kind of jiggle back and
forth very slightly. That jiggle set off
some really tight sensitive bounds that
we had on the hydraulic system out there
and you need it to work or else uh or
else the rocket doesn't fly. So,
always be paranoid. Going into this
flight attempt, we were worried about a
completely different thing, which was
the hold for the actual vents on the
fill drain. And then those pass and then
we got bit by something completely
different. So, you got to be paranoid
about everything.
Last night overnight, we did a sweep of
our 30 nautical mile hazardous no-go
zone to make sure there's no vessels.
Range is currently clear. Everything's
looking good. It's a little rough out.
It's 1:00 in the morning. Doing final
preps in all the buoys. Getting all
cameras online. This is when it all
happens at 1:00 in the morning.
This is the most important mission we've
done out here. We're putting in the most
buoys and the most drones. So, if we
don't have this data, the people back
home have no idea how the heat shield
really performed.
Z, you want to give it a final kiss
goodbye for good luck?
&gt;&gt; That was a wet kiss.
Perfect. Beautiful.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful.
All right.
Bye-bye buoy.
&gt;&gt; Good afternoon. Welcome to the Starship
flight 12 attempt 2 weather briefing. Uh
Starship range is currently green. Tower
Kenny, are you up on countdown one? Can
you give a brief on what we did last
night for the cutie arm situation?
&gt;&gt; So, the cause of yesterday's abort was
that the ship QD arm had dynamics when
we tried to unpin it due to the preload
that the ship cut mech was p pushing
into the vehicle with. The mitigations
that we have in place today are that
we've welded a hard stop bumper uh to
the ship cutie arm to limit the amount
of displacement that can occur when the
unpitter unpins.
Attention
all flight crew members on countdown one
is the final go to go pull for today's
operations. RC
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Ground stations
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Flight software one
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Raptor one
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Raptor 2
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Stage one
&gt;&gt; go.
&gt;&gt; Flight directors go as well. T-minus 1
minute.
&gt;&gt; Holding at t-minus 40 seconds.
SpaceXers really are at their best in
ASAP mode. We do a good job of not being
afraid of putting ourselves in a really
tight spot.
&gt;&gt; Filter, go.
&gt;&gt; Copy. SC1, reset the operator. Hold.
&gt;&gt; Reset. is rolling.
&gt;&gt; People hate pain. And that ability to
absorb pain for change here at Starbase
is like unparalleled. And if you just
are willing to take a little bit of it,
you can do the most amazing things.
&gt;&gt; Flight directors go for launch.
2 - 10
9
8
7
&gt;&gt; six
&gt;&gt; Okay, there we go.
5
4
&gt;&gt; 3 2 1
&gt;&gt; Ignition.
We have liftoff.
Pitching down range.
Max Q.
Change separation.
Acknowledging many many booster alerts.
&gt;&gt; High on boost back stirred up.
&gt;&gt; Flight software acknowledging mission of
abort. Early boost back shutdown
expected.
&gt;&gt; Yes sir. Can confirm. from team is aware
that a booster did not make it to the
final uh landing location.
&gt;&gt; Ship avionics power and telemetry
nominal.
&gt;&gt; We have healthy chamber pressures on
five out of six ship raptor engines.
That was the coolest thing I've ever
seen.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Video of a satellite looking at our
ship.
&gt;&gt; This one looks good.
Starship is turning for final approach
to landing site.
Starship has landed.
Heat. Heat.
This
&gt;&gt; is the hottest things humans have ever
done. Honestly,
&gt;&gt; it feels like it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This might be our crowning achievement.
After this, the robots will have to take
over. Exactly.
Anytime
we have these kind of big evolutionary
leaps in the program, whether it was the
very first flight one, whether it was
first catch on flight 5, obviously new
major blockchain with the pad and the
ship and the booster all at the same
time for V3, there's somewhat of an
expectation of like what what might we
have missed, but at some point you just
got to say, hey, the most learnings are
to go