Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Tesla’s Massive CapEx Could Pay Off Substantially
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBSuE5EG_3g
Published:   2026-08-17 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I was going to say there is one other
aspect. You are correct with that, but
another aspect is not only is there
expected gigantic growth and demand and
the need for chips as we get further and
further into the AI and the digital and
physical robots and the AI
representation of all those, but there's
a bigger kind of a geopolitical aspect
of it, too, where [music] a lot of the
chips, in fact, the majority of the
chips that are used come out of Taiwan.
So, this is a way of kind of hedging
against that and and onshoring more of
the capability from the raw materials
all the way to the design and the
production of the chips and doing that
here in the United States. And I think
this is big part of that overall plan.
&gt;&gt; There's a whole lot going on at Giga
Texas. And when I want to get some idea
of what's actually going on, cuz there
is a few things. Uh yeah, I got to bring
on an expert. And who knows more about
what's going on at Giga Texas than Elon
Musk. [music] He won't talk to me. He
said he's too busy. Instead, I got Joe
Techmeyer.
Very good second choice, very solid, and
not bound by an NDA that I'm aware of.
He's uh only ever refused to ask a
couple questions, and I think it had to
do with where I could park. Uh it's fine
though. We got through it. Uh let's have
a chat all about all the happenings
going on at Giga Texas. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Future of Awesome.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; Joe, so good to have you back. Uh so
good to see you. I'm so
desperately jealous of your uh
many, many opportunities to view the
Starship launch. I know you've invited
me to join you, and I'll get to one.
I'll get to one. It's just, yeah, timing
and and all that. And then there's
delays and uh it's a it's a lot. So,
thank you for coming on.
&gt;&gt; Well, thanks for having me. I appreciate
it.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so guys, uh
we are going to be talking about the
footage from August 10th. That is not
the most recent footage. That, by the
time you see this, that footage will be
from uh who knows? Much more recent. If
you want to get in the weeds, go to
Joe's channel. Joe has a fine channel.
Joe has a a whole lot of of of coverage.
Uh and it's not just uh
Tesla, it's also the Starship factory.
It's also the lithium refinery. It's
also SpaceX. There's a whole lot of
cool stuff going on in Texas to check
out. So, please do that. You know, uh
fun fun thing here, I asked Grok to make
a a subscribe button custom just for you
and me uh to remind folks that they can
subscribe to us and Grok kind of knew
who we were, but not really.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh and I've got an arm fully out of my
[laughter] back.
&gt;&gt; Huh.
&gt;&gt; So, that's really terrible. Uh but I did
I so instead I fed it an actual photo of
us and said try that again with this as
the source. Uh that's way better.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot better.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Do you remember where we were when the
source of that picture was taken?
&gt;&gt; Um
no, I don't actually.
&gt;&gt; Fremont factory tour.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it was a Fremont. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. Pretty good. Pretty
remarkable work when you give it good
input.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I probably don't remember because
I was so tired after my flight.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. So, uh what we're looking at
is the you know, the footage here. I'm
going to start us right about right
here. Uh what's what's all them
Cybertrucks about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, well, you know, this is one of the
things I think people have been really
interested in is what is going on with
Cybertruck production, especially since
in February they had that 10-day period
where they offered the all-wheel drive
for $59,000. Apparently, there was a lot
of people that
took them up on that offer, probably
more than they were expecting, and then
over the last couple of months they've
been doing all the work to prepare to
bring the line back up, but we haven't
seen a lot of that activity. I haven't
seen as much as I was expecting. And it
was in June where Tesla even said that
they were going to start doing some of
the deliveries of them, so you would
expect to see a lot. And uh what we have
learned is not only was it uh just
getting the supply chains uh back up and
running, getting the production line
going up and running because of the the
higher demand, but they were having a
little bit of issues with a company that
had some of their tooling and parts and
uh
that company eventually uh decided uh
not to let Tes- Tesla have access to it,
so they had a little bit of a legal
issue and I think some of that still
lingering, but uh with all that being uh
said and done is it looks like maybe
they've rounded the corner and we're
starting to see at least more of the
Cybertrucks being produced. However,
it's possible that they're still working
through some of the parts issues. So, I
just saw all of these Cybertrucks on the
east side. This is the old uh lot that
they used to use for the new cars before
they built the new end of line. And
usually when you see a lot of vehicles
over here, they're in a holding pattern
for something. So, my guess is that they
are doing production, but they may be
missing a part or two, but not enough to
prevent them from building them. So,
they're um they're they're making the
inventory. They're keeping them here
until they get the parts and then they
can move them over and then process them
to go off to the customers. So, this was
the first time I have seen this many
Cybertrucks or actually pretty much any
Cybertrucks in this lot for quite some
time. So, hopefully this is giving us an
indication of what's going on with
production.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully so. Uh there was a time uh
during the parts crunch when Ford had
fields and fields filled with F-150s
because they were missing the blue oval.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They ran out of blue oval.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I mean, you've got a company that
makes them and they didn't make them
today, so that's a problem. Now,
something impossible is happening and uh
I think this is proof that the
impossible can happen. What uh what am I
looking at here?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is on the east side of Giga
Texas. It's actually been officially
designated as the east support facility
now, and it includes the east warehouse
on wheels, which is all the trailers on
the left, and this new construction site
that they're building the foundation.
This is the joint venture between SpaceX
and Tesla, and as many people know at
some point the future, maybe that
distinction will even get blurred even
more, but
right now SpaceX Tesla advanced
technology chip fab, and this is part of
that uh
that announcement that they made
recently about the bigger Terafab, which
is being built about 130 mi or so east
of here. But, this is the precursor, and
what it's meant to do is to provide kind
of an innovation rapid iteration center
for them to come up with designs for new
AI chips, the architecture, maybe some
new uh new ideas that nobody's tried
before, and be able to do that in a
rapid fashion. And then once they get to
whatever design that they're comfortable
with, they can then port that over to
the the bigger Terafab, where they'll
actually be able to produce it. And many
of these chips are going to be featured
in both SpaceX and Tesla products of the
future.
Uh for Tesla, mostly is the Optimus
robot, and we know that just to the
north, and you can barely see at the top
of the screen, they're building the
factory for the body of that Optimus.
But, this is kind of the the chip that
gives it the brain, and then halfway in
between is Cortex, where it teaches the
brain how to do the work. So, you're
kind of seeing all of that within this
shot. And then with SpaceX, what they
want to do is uh
you know, address that AI data center
growth demand that we are seeing, but do
it in a way that's quite innovative. Uh
they're not only building more
terrestrial or ground-based AI data
centers and that's out in Memphis. We've
seen that with Colossus. There's a new
one called Mini Heart. They had a the
Macro Heart.
And that's going to have
chips and other devices that are going
to be used in it and then as they expand
it over time, but they're also going to
be doing it in orbit and they have new
satellites called StarMine and that will
be providing AI data centers in space
and over time
as they build out all these chips, the
future chips that they will come up with
will be featured in those products and
probably a lot more. So, it's kind of
this big synergy between the two
companies and it's all beginning right
here with the advanced technology chip
fab. Worth noting, well, what do we need
all these chips for? Worth noting, there
has not been a time in history when
an organization has said, "We have too
many chips."
That's not That's just not a thing.
And it spurs competition, innovation,
all that.
Over here we've got
&gt;&gt; I was going to say there is one other
aspect. You are correct with that, but
another aspect is not only is there
expected gigantic growth and demand in
the need for chips as we get further and
further into the AI and the digital and
physical
robots and the AI
representation of all those, but there's
a bigger kind of a geopolitical aspect
of it, too, where a lot of the chips
affect the majority of the chips that
are used come out of Taiwan. So, this is
a way of kind of hedging against that
and onshoring more of the capability
from the raw materials all the way to
the design and the production of the
chips and doing that here in the United
States. And I think this is
big part of that overall plan.
&gt;&gt; If we learned anything from the supply
crunch of the early 20s, it's that our
supply chain is very fragile. And that
it would not take very many failures to
occur to set us back into the dark ages.
I don't I don't love that. So, and by
the way, all those Starman satellites,
what a crazy idea. It can't work. Nobody
wants an AI module. They do. They do.
That's a thing. I've got a a friend, a
source who works for another company
that's well-known that builds modular
data centers. And I will be having a
chat with him hopefully later today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say there's a few
more things that we can talk about maybe
in a different episode about the foreign
factor that they've chosen and how that
fits in with Starship and other SpaceX
plans.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's great.
So, this just noticing the
workshops are being torn down. Not huge
news there, but it's something because
they're going to be using this space.
They're kicking them up farther north.
Uh this
&gt;&gt; It may be showing or at least part of
the that foundation we saw being under
construction.
I suspect it's going to grow larger, but
it's being constrained because of all of
these workshops and the recycle center
right now. So,
at the bottom of well, at the screen
over, you know, it may be continuing to
expand. So, that's why I'm waiting to
see what they're going to do with all
the rest of this workshops and equipment
and everything. I think it's all going
to be going away. And there's a location
farther to the north where it looks like
it's all headed towards.
&gt;&gt; Right, and we will get there. On this
pond, tell us again why they're redoing
it.
&gt;&gt; Well, it didn't exist really. It's being
constructed and the
Besides the fact that it's going to be a
lined pond, which means there's going to
be water in it all the time and it may
be kind of a nice architectural feature
to see, its real purpose is for the
storm water management around the site
and it provides kind of a holding area
almost like a buffer for all of the
water that would be coming in from the
rest of the site and then draining
through this manifold that they're
building right now and then that will
drain farther to the south to the
Colorado River. It's sort of similar to
the cyber pond that we see at the south
end of the factory but many many times
larger. And so it's like a dual purpose
uh
you know idea that they're putting in to
manage all of the water and we just saw
with all the heavy rains around Texas in
July
Lake Travis which is part of Austin went
above capacity so they had to open a lot
of the spillways that came through the
Colorado River and it swelled it
considerably and when Giga Texas was
originally built had it happened then
most of this area would have been
flooded but now with all of the water
management and raising of the grade and
and other projects similar to this it
was really a well controlled. So this is
just ensuring that all of the
infrastructure and the capital
expenditures that they're putting into
Giga Texas will survive the next
thousand year flood.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Those outfall channels of which
there are four appear to be pretty
large.
&gt;&gt; Yeah they're pretty [snorts]
substantial.
&gt;&gt; Yeah because it's hard to see in the
video especially if you're on mobile but
there's a dude right there holding a
ladder or next to a ladder. I think he
could walk right into one of those
outfall channels.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. I'm not sure exactly the
diameter of it but that van that you can
see might fit right in there without a
problem.
&gt;&gt; It's I don't know if the van would fit
but I think it'd be a leisurely stroll
either way. Now I'd heard that the
factory was you know done just complete
done doesn't mean the same thing at
Tesla that it does at other companies,
that's just more equipment coming in,
isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It is. This is on the east side of the
factory. What we're seeing behind the
walls there is pretty much the cyber cab
production line that is relatively
recently
had is that built in.
But we also know that there's yet
another product that's on its way.
There's the roadster and it needs a
factory
production line and we know that they're
going to do it at Giga Texas and at
least at the time of this recording just
yesterday Jay Leno was on a little ride
with Franz and he mentioned very very
very soon, like super soon for the
roadster. But the roadster needs to be
built and this is where it's happening.
So it's very likely we're seeing more of
the production line equipment being
brought in to support that product in
addition to continuing to add more to
the cyber cab production line and
perhaps even some more. So it's never
ending. It's uh
uh it's almost like you just take a
snapshot of Giga Texas and you look at
what's going on there because the next
snapshot's going to be different and
that's exactly what we're seeing here.
&gt;&gt; I will say hats off to the employees at
Tesla. I have heard precisely zero peeps
about the roadster.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So if if what he had told Jay Leno was
another three years, I would have
believed it because that's how much I've
heard. Uh so kudos to the employees
keeping it under their lid. So uh
terrible news. I don't know if you heard
about all the crashes, but uh there are
a whole bunch of crashes uh
out at Oh no, that's a joke for later.
I'll get to that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; I'll get to that one. Now this is just
the testing. So these guys are just out
running laps.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're they're they they kind of
do different groups or different tests.
This particular one they were just
lapping the large oval.
And at various different speeds.
Sometimes they do they pass their stop
signs so they assimilate the stops and
then they continue to go.
It's really hard to say exactly what
they are testing. But we know that
there's
a lot of work that's being done to
further refine the the cyber cabs and
the robo taxi software. We've seen some
recent
screenshots of what the cyber cab
uh
screen looks like and some of the
options that the testers have. But
they're clearly trying to put on a lot
of different miles, a lot of different
situations for the cyber cabs. This is
the kind of I call it the operations
center. It's where they park them all.
They have their maintenance tents. They
have their operations trailer and the
latrines very close to the the track as
you can tell. And then they also use the
infield where it has different types of
road surfaces. I don't know if they have
Nepal sized
potholes.
But they have a lot of other really bad
road sections where they drive on there
and they're I think they're working on
the noise vibration harshness and
there's also discussion about noise
canceling. So they may be refining all
that and they're also maybe just
refining the structure of the car too
since it is also new. So
this seems to be a really great way of
getting in a lot of miles without having
to go very far away from the factory.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah, keep it keep it under
control. When we look out here, what are
we looking at here?
These are These are clearly all props,
right?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. They are blow up decoys and as
soon as I fly the drone by they they
deflate them and take them inside.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And just like and just like the decoy
tanks in World War II, they're 3/4
scale. You can't tell from this
altitude.
&gt;&gt; You can tell that when I flew it was not
very windy because otherwise they'd be
blowing away.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's correct. That's correct. We
We've decided. Now, there's a lot of
grading going on up further on the site.
What on earth is going on here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's actually a little bit of a
mystery because
I don't have any direct insight. But
what this is This is located on sort of
the northwest corner. That's Tesla Road
nearby. Also, this is Farm Market 973.
Kind of a mage major access
route for vehicles and trucks coming
into and leaving the factory.
Yeah, that's Tesla Road right through
the middle. And of course this is in
pretty you know, close proximity to the
main factory.
This was
old sand and gravel mine, so it was
quite rough. A lot of
ponds in there and and just a lot of you
can kind of see through the tree line
what it sort of was like. And then
they've used it for a variety of
different purposes over the years.
And then most recently now they've been
relocating all of the materials, the
rental equipment lot, everything away
from here and then they're working on
the grade. So, it's a pretty large
construction site. I know that in this
general area and it's been changing
multiple times, but there's been a lot
of permits. There's been a lot of
discussion that they do want to do a
purpose-built welcome center for
customers, also for employees, and get
rid of a lot of the trailers that they
have on the east side where they used
that for everything from orientation of
new employees to if you're going to come
in for a tour or anything else. So,
even though the the location has been
moving around, this is still in that
same general location that it could be a
welcome center. So, I don't know. It is
something that I'm trying to track. And
with the permits that are filed, the the
thing that's a little bit of a challenge
is that they don't give a ton of
information. Like, for example, it'd be
great if they would give an
architectural drawing or even
coordinates, but they just say you know,
welcome center and uh just a little bit
of other information. So, so I'm making
that that leap because this is in that
area where I've been hearing for quite
some time uh that maybe it. So, we'll
keep an eye on it and and
uh they have a lot of work yet to do
before they can start constructing, as
you can tell.
&gt;&gt; And to give a good perspective on where
this is, you can see the factory across
the uh toll road there. Uh so, it's
that's where it is. Since we don't know,
it can be anything we decide in the
comments, you guys. What is it? It can
be anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. So, now we've got the terrible,
terrible news. I don't know if you've
heard about all the accidents, uh but
there've been so many so many so many
crashes, Joe. How do we explain this? Uh
&gt;&gt; It's the graveyard of the Cybercabs.
Don't be afraid.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's uh this is what you do when
uh they do tend to crash when you attach
them to a pulley and uh rocket them into
a stationary object.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but that's how
&gt;&gt; but it's they're giving their lives for
the betterment of us and uh make that
service better. But uh this is also
doing another thing. And if you notice
carefully that those are the wrapped
ones, so they're not the shiny gold. So,
these are the old uh
prototype engineering uh
Cybercabs that were used for a variety
of different purposes. Many of these are
what we originally saw around the
country, and people thought this was the
final deal, but uh
uh alas, these are no longer needed, so
they've been
some cases disassembling them, some
cases doing crash testing, very clearly
Doing whatever they need to get what the
last bits of data out of of a before
they are completely destroyed and and
gone from the earth.
We saw something very similar with the
Cybertrucks. This is not unusual
with all those release candidates that
they had with the Cybertrucks after they
went to the production, they all met the
same fate.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I have seen a
a bone yard full of wrecked husks at a
location
where it was explained to me that
how how it works. And there'll be times
when they say, "Today we just need to
test a few different variations of just
side impact because we've got some
candidates and we need to see if they
match up with the simulations." And
they'll attach it to a a buck and just
crash it that way. It's very
interesting.
&gt;&gt; Right. They can do rollover tests, they
can do pole tests, they can do wall
tests, they can do crash tests, they
they do I think people would be
surprised at how many
tests that they do and it's not like
they just finish it up and they say the
cyber cab is done. They will continue to
do this for years as they continue to
refine their data and maybe they get a
series of accidents in the real world
and they want to replicate that. So,
they will pull one off the line and
crash it, too.
&gt;&gt; The fact that there are
different requirements for a cyber cab,
specifically that you and I don't have
to drive it, means that they can forego
some compromises that would otherwise be
present in safety. One example is, "Why
are A-pillars so thin on cars?" Because
they have to be. We have to see. The
A-pillars on a cyber cab are quite thick
because we don't need to see. It doesn't
matter what we see. It matters what the
car sees.
So, there's opportunities for enhanced
safety that way. Uh what's this?
Probably nothing, right?
&gt;&gt; Small little project that's been
underway for a while. It actually in a
way it it gives us some insight into how
long infrastructure projects take to
build. Uh, you know, people see an
announcement we're going to build
Terafab or whatever and they expect it
to be done next month. Uh,
particular facility is Cortex 2. It's
the
kind of Optimus University where they
train the brain. And they also use it
for some degree with the full
self-driving as well. Uh, the
construction of this predominantly began
at the beginning of 2025 and it's now
at this stage where it's nearing
completion. In April they went partially
operational. They used
the Megapacks that you see here at the
at the closest part of the screen, some
of the cooling system and the computer
systems inside as a kind of a half of
the capacity bring brought that in line
in in April and now they're finishing
the second half of that installation.
You can see more of the Megapacks being
installed in the upper left. And once
this is all done it will be around 260
Megapacks for this one facility, maybe a
little bit more. We'll have to see when
they're done. Um, and of course they
have two gigantic cooling systems. You
can see those taller structures with the
six fans on each of them and that's to
allow the computers to operate without
getting too hot. Uh, we also saw in the
impact report
some recent information from Tesla that
they want to do the reclamation of the
vapors of the water and the water
itself. So there's actually a
another factory being built right next
to it that will do all that and then it
will
greatly reduce whatever water amount
that they were using
even more and then with the Megapacks it
not only helps provide some of the power
for the facility but it conditions that
the electrical frequency and the the the
the micro changes based on how the
computers are working. So, it helps
stabilize the electrical grid coming in,
as well. So,
um you know, there's that. And then,
this is that construction site I told
you where they're going to do that water
system. You can see at the bottom of the
screen the two circular
kind of mounts. Those are being put in
for the water tanks. So, this is all
going to be supporting these operations.
Um one of the thing that's sort of
interesting at the time of publishing or
recording this video,
uh the state of Texas came out with a
pause on new data centers, but Cortex 2
is not included in that because it's
almost completed.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Part of the concerns people have is the
amount of power that they need. Part of
it is the water that they need. And with
Cortex 2, you can see in many ways how
they are addressing those even with this
design that's nearly complete.
&gt;&gt; There are big obstacles when it comes to
building anything. In Berlin, they had
the same situation. You're taking too
much water. Never mind that the coal
mine, just a few miles away, pulls not
just a hundred times more, a thousand
times more, but more than they're
permitted for. We need you to develop a
system that manufactures an entire car
using less water than one pair of jeans.
And Tesla did precisely that. There are
ways to close the loop. It costs a
little more, and sometimes it's just
what you have to do.
So, this is all going to be for cooling,
water loss mitigation, etc. is what it
sounds like. Now, we mentioned that the
tool yard, the the those buildings were
being moved, and it appears that this is
where they're moving them to on the
north uh northeast corner of the of the
active site.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Looks like there's a lot going on there.
Um
and that's just where they're putting
the putting that equipment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a big commitment. It's not
just moving it to a flat new site. This
site at the beginning of the year was
a graveyard of broken up concrete and it
was
uh an enormous amount. It filled the
entire screen that you can see. And over
about 6 months of time, they basically
crushed all that concrete. They uh
recycled the rebar that was in it. They
made these gigantic mounds of the debris
and then they've used it with some of
the construction around the site. So,
pretty cool how they uh they provided
more
space to move all of these workshops,
but also were able to use the debris as
part of new construction. But, this is
where I think most of those big
fabrication shops are going to be
relocated to. Uh clearing up the rest of
the East Support Facility so that they
can continue to work on that at Advanced
Technology Chip Fab. This is also really
well located because as you can tell,
there's a major construction project
going on very near here. And this brings
the support and the the fabrication for
many of the items that are going to be
used to finish out that building much
closer. So, win-win for everybody
despite the pain of having to move
everything.
&gt;&gt; Now, this area we've seen them grading
and it looks like a pause has been
declared on the grading.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; it and what you pointed out, two things
that I found very interesting. One is
that it looks like we can see the
southern edge of the building and it
doesn't have a 45° angle on it. Uh they
didn't cut the 45. What's going on
there?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is actually very interesting.
The first thing you notice is that they
have all that land at the south where
they were doing preparation work and I I
I expect at some point they'll continue
it. But,
I thought and it looked like they were
going to extend the building even
farther to the south than they did, but
you can tell the kind of that black line
in the middle of the screen, that's
called a silt fence and that kind of
defines the edge of the construction
border and then that's also very close
to where the what they call the
perimeter grade beam, which is sort of
the base of the exterior walls and
defining the length of the building is
going to be. So, this is going to put
the building at somewhere I close to
maybe 3,000 ft long, which maybe a
little bit maybe slightly smaller than
that. I'll have to get exactly, but so
it's not as long as the main factory,
but it's a substantial part of it, maybe
3/4 and it's a little bit narrower. It's
probably around
1,000 ft 1,100 ft wide versus the
factory being a little bit more than
that, but it's it looks to me at least
with all the steel structure being put
up is it's predominantly four floors.
So, it's going to be a substantial
amount of volume that they can use for
production.
Um the other thing as you mentioned is
unlike the main factory where the
beveled corners have sharp 45°
angles, uh this one has what looks to be
rounded angles and uh rounded corners.
You can you know, as you move it around
here, you can kind of see that at the
bottom of the screen. I think uh
&gt;&gt; Right there the
you can see it that it rounds on here
and here.
&gt;&gt; Right and the one on the left starting
to have that bend, so you can see that
it's going to be rounded and that's
replicated on all of the corners. So,
uh it may seem like a minor detail, but
it will architecturally make the
building look different than Giga
factory and it's also a little bit more
of a
complex corners to be adding in, so So,
a little bit more work, more more
complex at putting that structure
together than what they did at Giga
Texas, which is just basically lying two
straight sections together. So, I don't
know why they did that, but it's very
interesting to see that happening.
&gt;&gt; Well, you're missing the big obvious
answer. It's for EU regulations about
sharp corners.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; So, instead of having to put a little
piece of plastic on it for European
robots
factories, it would just yeah, it'll
work.
&gt;&gt; All right. If you If you happen to be
running next to the factory and trip and
hit your head, it won't hurt you as bad.
&gt;&gt; As [laughter] bad.
Yeah, that's how it works. Now, one
thing we can see in here is that the
floors and the roof panels are going on.
That's you know, tremendously helpful
and that we're seeing all this steel
going up. Now, Elon only has two time
frames that he ever shares. So, my
question for both
Cortex 2 and the robot building, is this
going to be done in 2 weeks or
definitely end of next year?
&gt;&gt; Uh certainly 2 weeks. For sure 2 weeks.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Put Joe down for 2 weeks. To your point
earlier, this unlike Giga Texas main
building, this is all from what we can
see, even where the heaviest footings
were, uh it's four floors. So, that
means that in terms of total square
footage, it could rival the main
building, even though the main building
has a larger footprint.
Uh
and
we did see a whole lot of uh footing
work.
They're I mean, they're moving at a
fantastic pace.
&gt;&gt; They They really are. They uh they're
essentially building the footings just
fast enough
for the steel to be delivered and they
have so many cranes that is as soon as
the steel is delivered, it's being
picked up and and installed onto the
building.
So, that's uh
obviously this is a priority. They they
really want to get the structure going.
Uh one another interesting thing, and
you probably remember this, if you
compare to the early construction of
Giga Texas to this, is Giga Texas, when
they built it, they built them in almost
like sections. And uh
then they would bring in the floor
decking, and then they would bring in
the roof decking, and then they would
have the pump trucks putting the
concrete in to make the floors.
This one, it looks like they're
assembling everything all at once, and
then they're going to come back and do
the concrete. And so, that means they're
going to have to have those pump trucks
with the long hoses nearby the structure
pumping all the concrete in to make all
the floors. And that's uh it's a little
it's it's I don't know if this is an
iteration, maybe if it's a different
company, but they're certainly
approaching this in a different way than
they did with the main factory of Giga
Texas.
&gt;&gt; Hm. Now that you mention it, I don't
think that those uh
that the floor that the ceilings are
high enough to pull trucks inside. Uh
because in Texas in the first Yeah, in
the first main building, we would see
that where they would uh come in from
the sides, but the sides weren't, you
know, a quarter mile Well, a tenth of a
mile uh from the perimeter from the
nearest access point. So, it'll be
interesting to see. It is possible you
could still fit a cement truck in there,
but boy, getting the pump to go up
through three floors is a bit of a bit
of a hassle, I would argue.
&gt;&gt; So, this is the one thing I'm looking
forward to watching and seeing how they
do it.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; The interior concrete was the only thing
that wasn't on my big spreadsheet
tracker. Um
it didn't occur to me that that was a
milestone, and it just followed with
interior completion. Um
so, this is Yeah, this is very
interesting, and
uh yeah, so,
uh guys, that is the update. We've gone
on quite long enough. Uh, if you are not
subscribed to Joe Techmeyer, please go
do that. It's fascinating stuff. Uh, if
this was insightful, that's 10 times
more insightful. I just I just like to
do a quick wrap-up once in a while. Do
come back though, folks. Subscribe and
like and all that because in uh, little
bit a matter of days, we're going to be
talking about all the things going on at
the BFR
uh, campus for SpaceX and the Boring
Company. And there is a I have some
questions uh, that hopefully Joe will
know the answer to cuz he's been on the
ground so much and sometimes even in the
sky. Uh, if I ever see him on a boat, I
think officially we can call him
complete. So guys, uh, what did we miss?
What did we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below and everyone else
like, subscribe, do what you do, and
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots on the
flippity flop.