Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How to PROTECT Our Tesla Stock Portfolio From THE WORST (Iran Update!)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-U4mCKcW5c
Published:   2026-04-07 20:43 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 20:56 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The markets are in turmoil again as I
predict that they might be and
potentially depending on what happens
next in Iran, what President Trump will
decide to do, we might be in much bigger
turmoil tonight and tomorrow and for the
rest of the week. Or we might just get a
relief. I just want to give you guys a
quick update what I'm doing in these
turbulent times and give you my
perspective on what my strategy is with
Tesla, with Nvidia, with Micro Strategy,
with Bitcoin and Ethereum, with a whole
shebang and Robin Hood. What do I do in
this situation? There are lots of people
out there, also smart people who give
smart advice of all kinds of things. So,
number one, this is not advice. I'm just
sharing my perspective.
I just uh saw Tom Nash for example
telling everyone look just don't do
anything
weather the storm and it's all fine and
I just wanted to comment on this
situation because I am also posting on X
and sharing a little bit what I'm doing
and I'm not just weathering the storm I
am taking chips off the table I did that
already today I didn't do anything
because I'm positioned the right way I
am ready for the crash I'm ready for the
rally I'm ready for anything. Uh but I
prepared that and I did some tactical
moves that I wanted to comment on. So we
see Tesla down 24% 25% for the year
which is pretty bad. I want middle of
December that Q1 is going to be nasty. I
did not anticipate the Iran war, but if
you have if you had told me Tesla might
be down 25%, I would have said I'm not
betting on it, but very possible. Down
15%, I would have said expected in Q1.
25 is a lot, but that is also due to the
Iran situation. Uh, today I'm not going
to give you an update on Pioneer Alpha.
I'm going to do that probably tomorrow.
We're getting the numbers in for last
week. We are doing fine. We are
outperforming Tesla. That is my only
objective. But of course, we are down
significantly. I think 15% or something
for the year, which is not great. But we
also have to think always relative to
Tesla, which is our anchor baby, our
anchor stop stock to capture the upside
of AGI.
Tesla is the stock I am betting on. I
think strategically has the biggest
midterm upside of all the Mac 7s. Number
two position, by the way, is Nvidia.
That is the safest value stock in the
Max 7 in my opinion because it has the
strongest fundamentals and very low PE.
But Tesla, I bet much more on I think
the rally will be dramatic in Tesla once
we are getting through this. The first
thing I always tell everyone,
a lot of you guys are focused only on
Tesla and you're saying there Roboaxi,
what does Elon do? We are delayed. The
stock is crashing. investor losing
confidence and I see a lot of Tesla talk
in the market like oh my god and then
the bulls say yeah yeah this is when
everyone runs for the exits that's when
you double down and the bears say I told
you Tesla's overvalued look at JP Morgan
and their call it's $135 $145 stock it's
going to crash and then the people who
abandon ship who used to be bulls and
now they are for the exit saying I was
wrong FSD and cyber cab is not coming
let's run for the exits
I don't want to comment I don't want to
start this video commenting on Tesla
alone. I want to always tell you guys
when we look at a stock don't get lost
in the weeds. Take a step back look at
the market to understand what of this is
Tesla and what of that is just the
market. There is a little bit of Tesla
in here. Little Tesla bearishness. But
look at the market. We are down 1.28%
again with the NASDAQ. If you click on
the NASDAQ year to date, much better
than Tesla, but we also down 6.57%.
We were down much more last week. We had
this inexplicable rally into madness,
very inappropriate rally. So, I think
that was a much more appropriate point.
20,794
with the NASDAQ. S&amp;P and Dow Jones look
similar. Now, what is really going on
here and what is actually happening?
Before we go into that, we can also look
at crypto. By the way, uh if you look at
the Bitcoin price and we can also take a
look at Micro Strategy quickly, but
Bitcoin is at 68,000. Bitcoin actually
holding up very well. Uh in the Iran
crisis, of course, not yet to date. We
are down 22 less than Tesla, but
over the last month, it has held up
tremendously. What's going on here?
Tremendously. We're basically flat.
throughout the whole crisis which is
amazing. So Bitcoin there is a lot of
strength in here in crypto that I'm
seeing that's why I have my crypto
exposure outside Pine Alpha but I'm
adding Micro Strategy in Pioneer Alpha
which is a very good proxy.
Uh here is Micro Strategy over the last
month down 10% which is weird because
this is a treasury company only holding
Bitcoin went down much more than Bitcoin
because there was some confidence loss
and premium contraction in the stock
which is attractive very attractive
uh but obviously this entire slide
including that of Tesla is a function of
Iran. Look at, for example, this ETF,
which is a Max 7 ETF. Look at this.
This is the Magnificent 7. So, Tesla and
all the other guys, Nvidia, Microsoft,
Meta, and you know, the whole shebang,
Amazon, uh, uh, who did I forget? Apple
and so on. Meta, we are down 13% for the
year. Half as much as Tesla, little more
than half as much. So, clearly, we have
an Iran problem. Here is where Iran
started end of February here and since
then we're sliding down.
The president said he's going to destroy
civilization, Persian civilization. He
literally said that. You probably saw it
on X. He tweeted, "I'm going to destroy
the civilization tonight at 8:00 p.m. if
they don't come to the table." Very
disturbing stuff. I'm not commenting on
the politics, but what's clear for me,
and you know, I flipped on my taco
theory that Trump is just pretending and
he's not going to do something stupid. I
took that off the table two weeks ago
and said I was wrong. He is already
doing something that could count as very
stupid in my opinion. And that means
there is no real ceiling to how bad it
could be because we're already in red
territory. Now, that doesn't mean he's
completely going off the rails and
actually unleashing some kind of crazy
thing that breaks the economy, but it is
a clear possibility. And that's why I
said multiple times now, the market has
not priced in. The market has not priced
in the real downside risk of the whole
situation. It could get much, much
worse. The market is actually doing the
opposite. The market is saying, "Well,
it's not going to be as bad as it looks
like." When I think it could actually be
worse than it looks like. I'm not saying
it will be, but it clearly could be.
And what I'm trying to convey to
everyone watching is we have to treat
the market as our great exercise and
training ball, punching ball for
engineering and predicting reality.
That's why the markets are so exciting.
They help us to make predictions and get
measured against it. If you're right,
you make money. If you're wrong, you
lose money. So, it's the best training
environment, the best dojo,
best dojo
to train yourself and being right or
wrong with reality because you're
getting rewarded or punished right away.
And when you look at that reality and
what the NASDAQ actually did so far, if
you look at that, the NASDAQ over the
Iran war, it's basically not reacting
the way you would expect. Here's where
the Iran war started, 22,78.
So, it's down like not even 10%. It's
like 5% down right since the start of
the war when the war could actually
crash and destroy the global economy if
it escalates.
Some rumors already said on X, I don't
know if it's true or not, that the US
started actually bombarding Karak
Island.
The 90% of Iranian oil flows through
that. Iran already said if that happens,
they will retaliate and attack the oil
production infrastructure in Saudi
Arabia and all over the place, all over
the Gulf. It's going to be horrible.
And the demand destruction that follows
the supply destruction, demand
destruction because of high oil prices
is going to wreak immense havoc on the
global economy.
And when we predict reality, what is
very important is to understand we have
to think in probabilities. We can't sit
here and say this is going to happen or
this is going to happen. Right? We
cannot say no one not even Trump can say
is A going to happen or B going to
happen. Are we going to retreat and shut
it down and off ramp us out of the
madness and everything will be fine or
are we going to escalate and destroy
everything? No one knows. So in this
situation, here's the hack how you win.
You do not try to force future reality
into your A or B situation when you
clearly don't know the answer. What
you're doing is you put probabilities on
it. Okay? And that's a real hack
thinking about reality instead of trying
to make a point and trying to be a
political dude on X and making your
point. I love Trump. I hate Trump. He's
crazy. He's smart. It's it's 5D chess.
Whatever. The truth is we don't know. We
never really know. And you have to think
in scenarios. What if X happens versus
what if Y happens? And then you put
percentages on it. And you can create
many scenarios. You can create a
continuum of scenarios.
Do I think we need to construct a
scenario where the United States nukes
Iran? No, I think that's stupid. I'm not
going to do that. But I definitely have
a scenario that has a significant
double-digit percentage chance in my
mind that we see an escalation which
will be very likely then if we see the
escalation lead to a horrible defeat of
the United States in my opinion at least
that's a very high chance of course
maybe they just win that's a lower
chance also possible and if you put an
escalation potential of 30% on this
whole thing which I think is reasonable
let's say 30% chance that we escalate
70% chance that we see a nice taco and
it's actually over this week. But 30%
no, they're going in, they're bombing
more. Iran responds, bombs even more,
civilians die, boots on the ground. From
there, it escalates. If that happens,
you we haven't even seen the beginning
of a crash. This is not even a crash
what we are seeing. Sure, for Tesla
shareholders, it feels like a 25% down,
but you saw it last year. We went from
the exact same high from 480 to 220.
That's a 60% drop. Right now we at 25%.
We have more than 100% more to drop if
that happens for Tesla. For the market,
I would say it's even worse. The market
can drop more than 100% of what it
dropped so far. The market dropped 5% so
far. It could easily drop 20%. So I
think Tesla in relative terms, so the
market has less to drop but could still
be very bloody. But the market, oh my
god, completely mispriced this risk.
Now obviously
the question is what is that risk? Yeah,
what is that 30? Is it 30%, is it 10%?
Is it 5%. But it is definitely
something. It's definitely not 0% and in
my opinion it's also clearly above 10%.
So, the odds of a market crash of 15 to
10 to 20%, let's say 15 to 20%. Another
10 to 15% from where we are right now.
Do the math. That's NASDAQ at 18,000.
The odds for that are probably 30%.
That should be priced in and it's not.
So that is why I took some stakes off
the table across the board, not just
Tesla. I of course maintain my core
positions. That's not just true for
Tesla. Tesla is by far my biggest core
position that I don't touch. But I have
still, of course, Robin Hood. I have
Micro Strategy. I have the biggest
second chunk is Nvidia.
But let me put it like that. I have
exposure significantly under 100%. So if
they all go down 10%, I'm not going down
10%. Of course, if they go up 10%, I'm
not going up 10%. That's the price you
pay. Here's how I think about it before
I say what a normal retail investor, in
my opinion, should ideally do without
giving you any kind of advice, but what
I would do if I would just be a retail
investor. So, what I'm doing right now
is I'm taking chips off the table
because I'm assessing the market risk is
not priced accurately by the market
short term. So I think we have more
downside than upside from here from a
probabilistic perspective. Even though I
believe the chance of a rally this week
is higher than the chance of us dropping
but the drop is too severe the tail
risk. I don't want to I don't want any
of it. So taking some chips off the
table having a reduced position only
core position. That is how I view it.
Very important. That's what people get
wrong. I'm not reacting to the market.
I didn't take off some Tesla chips, for
example, because Tesla dropped. That is
absolutely wrong. Never, never would I
do that. That is chasing the market or
chasing a stock. That's a losing game
because you're always wrong or I'm
always wrong if I would do that. I'm
purely reacting on the macro and
fundamental geostrategic situation. I'm
not reacting to the market. I'm reacting
only to the market to the extent that I
think the market is overpriced given the
risk. But I'm mostly reacting to the
existing risk that I'm seeing. Okay? So
when I say these things, listen very
closely because what I'm saying is very
precise
so you understand why I'm doing things.
I'm taking chips off the table because
the geostrategic risk of an escalation I
ran is higher than the market prices in
right now. It's significant. I wouldn't
say it's over 50%, but it's I estimate
at 30%. And the trickle effect if that
escalation happens and the immense added
downside risks from there on are of
course also not priced in. So that is
why I don't want to be fully exposed.
When do I go back in and what do I think
about the whole situation? If there
would if it wouldn't be for Iran,
I do believe and I had a video out on
that with a big fat thumbnail.
I think this is a completely coiled
spring. We are in the middle of the
biggest revolution in human history. And
I'm talking the economic AGI revolution.
I'm calling it economic AGI. Economic
artificial general intelligence. To get
all the geeks off my back who say, "Joe,
you're so stupid. You don't know what
AGI is." These computers are so stupid.
They they are not intelligent. Bro, I'm
not going to go into some philosophical
discussion with geeks here over AGI. I'm
an economist. I'm telling you economic
AGI is here and has already far
surpassed the median mid-level employee.
The agents and the revolution with open
claw and everything what we are seeing
every day. I'm doing this every day now.
We are building an agent team here. It's
absolutely crazy.
an agent team. By the way, not an Asian
team, agent team. So that agent team, we
are not the only ones doing that. This
is spreading like wildfire right now
through the economy from Silicon Valley
all the way to Stockholm. Lovable, great
company, Berlin and all over the place,
China. I'm sure that revolution will
create by an enormous distance the
greatest productivity increase in human
history by end of this year.
at least for the people who use it, but
then the people the amount the share of
people and companies using this will go
through the roof.
That will drive stocks like Nvidia into
the stratosphere, no pun intended, and
especially Tesla and SpaceX.
But also, Amazon and so on and so forth.
Also, once they go public, Anthropic
just killed it like crazy. I will have
another video on Enthropic overtaking
the annual run rate of OpenAI, $30
billion ARR suddenly for uh what is it?
4x from what it was last year.
This is all happening and Iran doesn't
change anything when it comes to that.
So strategically we are on a coil
spring. Tesla has robo taxi coming up
and SpaceX and all kinds of things.
And so the situations I'm taking chips
off the table be solely because of the
micro situation and I monitor the
situation hour by hour because at the
millisecond I see this is over which
could happen any time now. It could
happen tonight at 8:00 p.m.
So don't mistake my caution with
bearishness. I think there's a higher
chance than not that this is over
tomorrow. But the chance it's not over
has too much downside risk. So that's
why I can't just have full exposure but
at the millisecond this is over truly
over we have to be cautious no head fake
no Trump saying oh we pushed the
deadline now I where we see clear
indications that the US is stopping this
whole craziness at that millisecond it's
time to jump on the train you know we
have to have in our mind Tesla at 460
480 without even robo taxi this will go
back in no time Nvidia to 190 and so on.
This is going to happen in absolutely no
time once you we take Iran off the
table, this whole Iran situation. So, we
have to be a little schizophrenic. If
you want to play this whole thing like I
have to,
you have to be ready to basically take
chips off the table, be a little bit on
the sidelines, have an exposure of less
than 1x, right? Not leveraged, not 100%,
but less. That's what I'm doing. So if
this drops another 10 or 20%, you are
dropping less than 10 or less than 20%.
That's the entire goal here. But at the
same time, you need to be able to switch
on the spot into complete aggression
mode with a 2x or 3x leverage. That's
what I'm exactly what I'm going to do.
And of course, the challenge is
head fakes, right? The challenge will be
in real time to decide is that actually
the end or is it another fake? But we
are nearing some sort of decision. That
is my situation and what I'm going to
do. So I do not mind being down 15% or
whatever we are right now for the year.
We clearly beat Tesla. Tesla's down 25%.
That's all I need because I going I'm
going to write the Tesla rocket to the
moon once it ignites. And so all I need
to do to win significantly is to have
alpha over Tesla. That's all I need.
Now, Tom Nash, let's talk about what Tom
said about don't touch anything. Don't
be nervous. If you want to play the game
I'm explaining here, you have to be very
cautious because this is a full-time
job. You need to monitor the situation.
And if you think you are too emotional
about it, you don't know how to execute
quickly, which is a challenge. I made a
mistake yesterday. Just a dumb
operational mistake. I had, you know, I
got assigned uh Nvidia shorts. I didn't
see it and I took a little bit right
down. I lost probably8%
today of my portfolio value because I
made a stupid operational mistake. Even
I make these mistakes sometimes because
I assigned it yesterday. I didn't pay
attention. I thought I was off all the
short puts which I was. But it was
because they assigned me thousands and
thousands of these Nvidia shares that I
didn't see. And today's like why am I
down so much less than Tesla but too I
was like this is too much. What happens?
I shouldn't have that exposure. And then
I saw boom. So stupid little mistakes
and that happens to me and I'm paying a
lot of attention. So if you want to play
this like that,
you need to make it a full-time job. And
if you can't or don't have the emotional
composition of your personality to do
that, Tom Nash is right. If you have a
thesis like Tesla, Nvidia, whatever your
thesis is, stick to the thesis. Don't
touch anything because in the end in the
big scheme of things who cares if this
goes down 50% or whatever it's going to
go up much more. We know the game. You
just have to be patience. Patient and
wait. So it is very clear that you have
to make a strategic decision. Are you
someone who trades around a core
position who has conviction but then
wants to generate alpha? Then make it a
full-time job. Train your nerves. Make
them off steel. Don't become a little
crybaby on X. Don't become a political
person. Coldbloodedly follow the
accounts you like. Coldbloodedly listen
to everyone and then create your
scenarios, your probabilities, and then
execute. And don't make operational
mistakes and you probably win after you
lose a lot in the beginning because you
have to pay for learning this. But if
you don't want to do all of these
things, you just want to relax and enjoy
the ride into the age of AGI, then, you
know, take on your core positions. Make
sure you don't need the money. make sure
you don't have to sell it anytime soon
in the next 3 years and you should be
fine. So Tom is right about that. But of
course some people are greedy like me
and we want to chase a little alpha. So
far we do it brilliantly. Works great
but you have to pay attention. So that
is my take on the whole thing. We will
see tonight what happens and I hope you
survive the whole situation. Just don't
react emotionally ever to politics and
do not take any actions you would
regret. Be cold-blooded. Be someone who
plays with the percentages. Understand
everything follows probabilities and
scenarios. Your job is to assess the
probabilities correctly, invent the
scenarios correctly, and then execute
the trades correctly if you want to do
that. And the reason why I'm always
sticking to my core position is because
in the long run, this is a beautiful
thing that always works out. So, I hope
that was interesting. I just want to
give you that on the way today and hope
I see you alive. I hope you all are
alive tomorrow. Let's see what happens.
Exciting times. See you then.