Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock DROPS Before Cybercab Launch - What Happens NEXT?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rM0IWVxjmBM
Published:   2026-09-01 15:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-01 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to September 1st, an exciting
start into the most volatile month
statistically of the year. And if you
follow my channel, if you're a member of
Pioneer Lands, of course, you knew
exactly what would be happening
because, as you know, I make my
predictions very clear. I'm leaving
myself out of the windows. I'm putting
my neck out there to make us money,
primarily to make myself money, of
course, but I'm sharing my thoughts with
you, the pioneers and citizens of
Pioneer Lands, so we know what's
happening. And you remember I said
yesterday, I don't like this setup.
Tesla ran up a lot, more than I thought.
And I took money off the table,
significantly deleveraged yesterday
because I said, "This is not going to
end well." likely
tomorrow, September 1st, which is today,
we had the Fed governor hold a little
speech and I did not see how this can
possibly go well. You see here, Fed
Governor Bar says he'll support rate
hike if inflation doesn't ease. So, no
surprise there. I knew it is the last
official Fed speak speech before the
blackout phase. We will have a Fed
meeting around the 15th and 16th of
September. So in about around about
around about around about around about
around about around about around about 3
weeks, two weeks I was very concerned.
It's not good. And guess what happened?
Exactly what I thought is most likely to
happen. The market went down and took
Tesla down with it. But a lot of things
happened since then, since this morning.
So absolutely the right move to take
stakes off the table here, significant
stakes off the table. It would it hurt
me. Elmo was nervous in these
situations, but I said, "No, I need to
get out of here." And that was good, but
I'm already a little bit back in, not
fully. And we will discuss today what is
happening with Thursday, the big launch,
the most awaited launch in 10 years
besides the launch last year, which was
a little bit of a disappointment and
that hit the stock.
So, what are we doing now? So, first of
all, I saw this drop. If you go to
Tesla, the the drop was very
significant. We were down back to 354.
I was very happy. I don't want to sound
mean, but I was very happy. I'm always
happy if I take stuff off and say very
clear what happens and then it happens
because that is good. You can get back
in. It went up back here and then I
decided, you know what? After seeing
that the market is recovering nicely and
has a very nice trending pattern here
where it says, "Oh, let's be shocked.
Let's do exactly what Joe told us to do.
Drop this and panic because it's
September."
But then you see the market is not ready
to drop. And when I saw this like okay
okay let's do a very tactical move here.
And here's exactly what I think. If you
go back to the cyber cap action and you
see all these amazing here's for example
soya merit telling us I think this time
I'm not the sound hopefully telling us
what's happening in Austin and you see
all these cyber caps coming and we you
know we covered yesterday in
pioneerlands here you can go to
pioneerlands.org work and get these news
in real time. These are my posts that I
mark for special distribution, the most
important ones. Uh Tesla added its first
45 cyber caps to its commercial robo
taxi fleet today. That was yesterday. So
we see Tesla adding all these robo taxi
these cyber caps now officially in
Austin, Texas or in Texas. And this is a
very bullish sign. So this is happening.
This drove the stock up. We today see or
yesterday uh see that Tesla is actually
deploying more and more of these cyber
caps. See all without a driver and this
is not a few. Look at this. It's
crowded. It's somewhere in Austin
downtown and you see that they're all
driving around and so the question is
will Tesla surprise us to the upside and
will actually the stock follow that
upside surprise?
That is the mother of all questions. Why
I'm back a little bit in this into the
stock because here's what I think. I
think today prediction was correct but
my bigger fears did not become true. And
I also said yesterday the reason I'm
selling and taking stakes off the table
is because the main risk this week was
that Fed speech. They I don't see any
other risks that are scheduled in the
calendar. Of course, you always have
unknown risks, but I don't care about
them too much. That always is there. The
only scheduled risk was the Fed governor
speech and that turned out to be real a
real risk and dropped the market, but
the market recovered. So, the market is
not too concerned about it. Also, not
yet too concerned about September. And
so, I'm I think we came out a little
stronger than I would have feared. I got
a nice little discount. We're still down
2.56%,
nine bucks. I'm back in now, but not as
much as I was last week. I think what's
likely going to happen is there will be
some upward pull effect on the stock
over the next 24 hours before the launch
because people see all these things
happen and think, you know what, this
might be hot. It is still buy the rumor
time.
I'm still in by the rumor mode. I still
think the market is I just got out
because of macro reasons because of the
market not because of Tesla. I think the
Tesla bull pull into the event is full
on. It is still active. Now we got a
little discount from yesterday. So in
theory we should have a nice setup to
continue a little higher or back to
where we were yesterday into Thursday.
My conviction on this is not super high.
That's why I'm not putting on a super
big lever trade here. But I have some
options expiring tomorrow. Short puts
357 and a little bit in uh 360. Little
more risky. But I have a little buffer
in there. And I think that is the right
move. But in a way, if this thing if
this baby falls back to 345, I'm not
going to get murdered by it. So you know
you have to size your positions always
according to your conviction.
By the way the options mini crash course
on short selling puts and calls but also
the basics of options will be soon
available
hopefully over the weekend for citizens
in pioneer lands. So we have the academy
as you know we will have nicer
thumbnails very soon by the way stocks
and financial modeling where you get the
full Tesla financial model the updated
full model and these three courses
valuations introductions how to model
model scenario construction so this is
all in here very nice and we will have
the options courses too so you guys
understand a little more structured what
I do here and why this is such a nice
little move but besides that
I am putting on this trade in a way
where I don't get killed if it drops
back to 345.
Why? Because I believe that it will go
up above 360 very likely, more likely
than not. And then tomorrow they expire.
I hopefully keep my little premiums.
And then what happens Thursday?
When I put all these data points
together, I have very little appetite to
hold anything too aggressive other than
my core position in stocks and other
than some short puts. I have some 350
250
short puts September 9th but small
position just for fun. Also, I'm not
getting killed. I do not think that baby
can drop too much.
It I don't think from here we can drop
too much. That mean still means 340 if
you get unlucky 345.
But I do think the odds of an upside
surprise by Friday. Let's be a little
specific here. By Friday,
I put them very low. So I do think we
have a pull continuing into Thursday
with a medium conviction. No crazy
trades here. Medium conviction that this
pull continues into the event. So if
options expire tomorrow, that's still
fine. you are still participating on a
potential pull. I do think the September
market macro risks are now pretty much
out of the way with this Fed speech.
Of course, bad things can happen, but I
don't see the market behaving in a way
that it wants to crash like tomorrow
because we see a nice little look at
this continued uptrend like this is not
a crash uh at least not very short term.
So, this is reasonable. I do not want to
hold through the event simply because of
this.
If you're a Tesla bull and you are all
gung-ho on this whole thing, you think,
Joe, why do they could deploy a thousand
cyber caps? Cuz we know something. I
have a video coming out tomorrow that
talks about the VIN numbers and why I
was spot on. I told everyone there are
2,000 cyber caps out there. And
everyone's like, Joe, are you crazy?
Like, no, I'm not crazy. I'm watching
the other great Joe Techm with his most
amazing Oscar ready video footage
footage and if you just intuitively
count the stuff together it's like dude
they have 2,000 cyber caps the VIN
numbers now say yes Joe was right again
we are at 2,400 win number is that proof
that we have 200 no it's not proof
nothing is proven
but it's evidence that we have over
2,000 cyber caps out there now many of
steering wheel, but probably hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds
and in September thousands
with no steering wheel.
So then people say, "But Joe, what are
you talking about?" So clearly Tesla
will deploy hundreds and thousands on
Thursday.
And when I thought this through, there
is a risk that this happens. I just
don't think it's very likely. Even if
Tesla wants to upside surprise us and
deploy, let's say, a thousand cyber caps
in September, which would be a big deal.
You better make sure you're along if
that happens.
But even if they want to do that, there
is no reason.
There is literally no reason. Think
about it. There's literally no reason
why Tesla would deploy a lot of cyber
caps on day one or day two.
on Thursday or Friday. There is
literally no reason to deploy a 100.
There's only downside. It's completely
ridiculous. Why would you do that?
That's the first time these things go
commercial. You need to take it slow in
the first days. Even in the most
aggressive rollout scenario, it is just
dumb. It's literally dumb to deploy
hundreds on day one or day two.
I came to that conclusion. it it would
literally be kind of dumb and I'm 90%
true on that which means there's a 10%
chance they do it and it's not dumb but
there's a 90% chance it's dumb because
you need to check if this works you need
to check your operations commercial
operations the app does it drop them off
does the payment work do they actually
integrate into the app nicely
the odds that we get a strong upside
surprise before Friday market close are
just slim
And if this happens, the odds of sell
the news or at least don't buy the news
are just way higher than anything else.
And so my strategy is wait. You saw the
thumbnail. Wait.
Of course, technically not right now.
I'm not waiting right now. I'm doing
some trades here. Some bullish trades
expiring tomorrow. Market close on
Wednesday. Then I don't do anything
other than holding my core position as
nearly always I sold them before
earnings. But I'm not doing much on
them. I'm going to wait until Friday.
I'm going to observe the stock. The odds
that this baby goes up 10%.
Are smaller
are smaller than not. So if it happens,
well, bad luck. I make the money with my
croposition.
But I'm not going to play that too much.
I have a little bit of a short put
position, but this is like basically
marginal. So, I'm going to wait. I'm
going to check back on Friday after this
Wednesday trade expires, and then I will
take it from there. And then my strong
suspicion is that
the market might overreact to the
downside. Not in a dramatic way. Okay,
we are not going to drop to 330 in my
opinion, but the market might react too
much to the downside. If we go to 360,
if we go to 370 into Thursday, it might
drop back to 350, 355, 360. Or maybe it
just stagnates there, goes down a little
bit to 360 if it was at 370. It's like
something like that, but it's not going
to go up maybe. And if that happens, we
have to observe because that would be
actually my preferred situation that
nothing crazy happens or we drop back a
little bit from there. We see a nice
launch, we have 10 or 20 out. We look at
them, it's like nice, they're driving
around
because fundamentally, you have to
understand one thing. Fundamentally, I
said it again again on this channel and
that informs my entire positioning and
investing and tra trading strategy with
Tesla. I'm incredibly bullish on this
whole situation.
I think people totally underestimate
what's going to happen here.
And nothing would be nicer for me than
seeing this event go by. The stock drop
a little bit. I get all the confirmation
details and all the confirmation data
points. The market doesn't get it. The
market thinks, "Oh, it's only 20. Let's
just drop the stock a little bit." And
also, don't run it up too much now
because this will take forever. Because
I tell you one thing, it's not going to
take forever. So what we want in a
perfect scenario is market doesn't get
it, doesn't sell off too much because if
they sell off this is even better, but I
don't think they will. And then we look
at the situation and then we can start
layering in more leveraged aggressive
midterm short-term trades
because from there we would have a very
stable basis very hard to drop the stock
from there and anything that happens
from there on out
is much more likely an upside catalyst
than a downside catalyst except for
accidents or something but I'm pretty
sure that they're not going to happen.
So that is a little bit my playbook. I
give it away right here.
Hopefully, we get these freaking Pioneer
bonds live. We're nearly done. And this
was, by the way, some experience.
But we have the institutional product up
very soon.
I that's another reason, but that's just
wishful thinking from my side that I
would like to have the launch of the
Pioneer Bonds right here.
And uh then we go from there. That is
exactly my plan. So
if you want to know my best bet, I'm
getting bullish again. Not super
bullish, but a little bit bullish until
tomorrow close. I think there will be
some magnet effect and this thing drags
higher again. I think the market risk is
a little taken out for now tactically. I
think the next market risk thing is of
course the Fed meeting. But of course we
know the expectations for a Fed rate
hike are now much more on the side of a
hike which means this is more more
likely a positive catalyst if it doesn't
happen. I think it won't happen
probably. I don't think we hike because
the US is like it's the end is coming
and you don't want to hike into that
end. And uh let's see about that. But
that's far away eight 16 days. It's like
an eternity in the age of AGI. Our focus
on Thursday. This is exactly my trading
strategy. So,
let's go to the comments today. I don't
have much time because I'm meeting with
Herbert, by the way. Doing some Herbert
recording in four minutes. So, we only
have four minutes. Let's go to the chat.
No time to be wasted. I answered Gary
Black, by the way, even though he
blocked me before. He blocked me last
year because I said something critical.
Um, we have Taga Zaga. Best host, Joe.
Thank you. It's always fun. I'm just
throwing these little live streams in
here in the middle of the trading day.
Looks to me like we bye. Bye-bye. Well,
I explained, David, what I did? I added
a little bit, but not too much. Tesla
went down. Woohoo. My I don't care if I
call back calling. Tesla trench printed
money. Nice. Exactly as predicted. Take
profit on your sell call. Exactly.
SpaceX moving up and down and the Joe
channel also printed tons of dollars.
I'm 50% above my daily goal. Very nice
trade cut zero. By the way, just I throw
this quickly in. I think SpaceX has
burned through the sell resistance has
now a little bit more room to run. I
think September 9th is the next unlock
that will this time hit the stock. It
will hit the stock because we have way
over 135. So I do think there will be
major resistance coming in maybe even
downward pressure September 9th. But
until then, I think SpaceX just so much
more likely to go a little up than down.
Uh, so I'm making I'm printing very
nicely on SpaceX because I have a
reasonable conviction that this stock is
just not likely to go down before
September 9th, which is very nice to
know with short puts.
I also derisk SpaceX a little little
bit, but not as much as Tesla because of
the September situation. But now I'm
back in and I made a little money by
derisking because it dropped too. But
it's up again. Texas public AV records
show 45 cyber caps under test.
Exactly. We know that. Go to
pioneerlands.org.
Regular people have no idea what is
about to happen. Well, we need a long
session on AI because I have some more
information. Did some more thinking.
My entire prediction from January 2025,
we are perfectly on track. And that
means 2027 is going to be an enormous
show, but nothing compared to 2028.
We need to get ready. People go to
Pioneer Lands. This is going to be
nasty. I'm talking about civilization,
not Tesla stock. It's going to be nasty.
This is going to be disruptive. People
have no idea what's going to happen.
the biggest event in Tesla history to
date and the stock is down. We live in
an upside down universe. Well, not much
longer it's going to happen. Not this
week, but
I would bet that Tesla will see some
major action
in 2026, which is this year.
I was talking about a woman for 10
minutes about Cyber Cap, says the dirt
man. Don't talk to women. No, I'm just
kidding. Just kidding. We have great
women on the channel, by the way. Uh,
that was just a joke. Uh, by the end of
it, I realized she thought it was I was
saying about the cyber truck talking
completely past each other. Well, that's
funny. Um,
this I don't know about that. Tesla
seems to be devoted to exponential
ramps. This makes sense because the low
hanging fruit defects as opposed with
small population less impactless
downside. It's true. Street Cut Zero.
But
but uh
but when do these happen, right? We need
to time that. Are they going to happen
this Thursday or before Friday close? I
don't think so. Are they going to happen
then soon thereafter? Very potentially.
That's what we have to be preparing.
Uh Fox Business report, European numbers
down everywhere but Denmark first thing
after the bell this morning. Yeah, Spain
I saw it 70%.
Um, Jaril Yar question Joe, what
platform do you use to trade, buy and
sell options? I'm from the Farro
Islands. Oh, beautiful Faroh Islands.
Hello, Yavil. And can only buy and sell
stocks through my bank and I do not have
access there to do anything else.
Interactive Brokers,
check it out. Interactive Brokers, but
there are a bunch of others. Maxm, uh, I
don't know too much about I think
Revolute maybe. I don't know if they're
good with options. Interactive broker is
a little hardcore, but then you have
everything you want and you have super
low fees. It's just a little cumbersome
to sign up. But for personal accounts,
easy. Street card zero. Well, if we go
by the odds whether it's going to be
another buy the hype, sell the news
event. It's almost always that. Yes,
street zero, but we're also pretty much
down here. So, the sell the news has
limited downside in my opinion.
Is this not moving? Is it just frozen?
No, it's just not moving. Okay, fine.
Uh, okay guys, we have to wrap it up.
Today is a very short session. I just
want to give my latest. Uh, hey Joe,
I've heard two rumors. One Tesla will
launch in Brazil. There's no free lunch.
And we'll also build a factory in
Brazil. Do you have you heard about
anything about it? Um, I haven't heard
anything about it, but it's very very
possible. Makes sense.
Uh, hey Joe, do you think the
probability is that Tesla earns net
losses on Robo Taxi through 2030? No. No
way.
The longer the base, the bigger the
breakout. It's true. Interactive Brokers
plus one. Interactive Brokers is by far
the best platform. It's just a little
cumbersome to get it live.
Okie dokie.
Real redneck. Joe, I've got 390 strike
covered calls on Tesla expires 11th
September. Am I safe? No, you're
definitely not safe.
That's definitely not safe. Um,
I mean, maybe you get lucky, but I would
take the next opportunity to get rid of
them if you're in the green.
Richy Cash is back. I don't know when,
however, the FOMO will hit retail and
they will pile in Tesla stock future
looks great. Yes, there will be
potentially a massive run up this this
year. But let's see. Let's take it step
by step. This is serious business here.
You know, we are becoming institutional.
We need to do our trades smart and not
lose money and win as much as we can.
Okay, guys. Okay, last question. I'm
addicted to your questions. Hey Joe, do
you think Roboaxi or Optimus will be the
winner? Uh, I know exactly who's going
to be the winner. Robo Tax is going to
be the cash flow winner until 2032 or
something and Optimus is taking over
from there and make us all very rich.
Okay guys, we wrap it up here. Stay
cautious, but right now things looking
good and see you very soon. See you
tomorrow. Go to pioneerlands.org
in the description. This time I put it
in the description. Go in there because
the Pioneer Academy is giving you
options very soon.
Thank you. Press the like button. Cyber
hornet. I will close with this. Press
the