Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: Wall Street Star Alex Potter Says You're Getting Optimus Free
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1cFNUxMJTg
Published:   2026-05-29 15:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-29 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

institutional investors aren't a
monolith. So, me personally, like if I
if I was allowed to own stocks in my own
portfolio that I cover, which I'm not,
but if I was allowed, um, then Tesla
would be the biggest holding and I would
just hold it until the day I retire. And
that's the case with this conversation
about a merger. It's the case without
the conversation about the merger. So, I
guess implicitly what I'm saying is like
I I think it's a good thing. I think
inevitably it will happen. And if you
would have asked me two or three five
years ago if you know all of Elon's
companies will one day be one entity
ultimately when it doesn't work they
will be forced to capitulate and use
Tesla's system but that'll be a
multi-year process right that's why like
I said you know we have these upward
inflections in the scurve for robo taxi
but also for FSD licensing out quite a
ways because it's a you in the forecast
right like it doesn't really start
impacting but if you take those scurves
and shift them ahead by a year or two
years or three years then the DCF
because obviously time value money right
so that the then it does have you know a
big impact on our DCF valuation
&gt;&gt; Piper Sandler just dropped a new report
called the definitive guide to investing
in Tesla and the headline with Tesla
stock trading around the 450s by Piper's
math they say you're basically getting
Optimus for free today we get the chance
to speak with Alex Potter directly he's
the managing director and senior
research analyst at the firm they
modeled out 17 separate Tesla businesses
and they made several bold predictions
By 2045, new cars are basically a
rounding error. Robo taxi rides become
45% of revenue and almost half of all
profit. Lots of questions for Alex who
no doubt will have lots of great
answers. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the powerful, the queen,
Tesla boomer mama, Alexander Mertz. We
have the rationable, also known as Mr.
Incredible, Jeff Lutz. Welcome
everybody. Welcome Alex. Thank you for
joining us today.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for coming on.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Honored.
the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. They enjoy listening
to bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We we appreciate you. We think
you're one of the leading Wall Street
analysts and we want to understand how
you guys think. But your report, the
definitive guide to investing in Tesla.
We had to get you on. This is
definitive. I think about 77 pages. It
is a second edition. We're going to ask
a bunch of questions on that. But we'll
also ask you questions on uh SpaceX and
Tesla merger, China and EVs, which is
your expertise, and then the Elon
economy as well. We'll cover all of
that. So this is your report. Uh we're
not going to walk people through it in
detail, but we will highlight the key
parts of it. And uh the first question I
want to ask you is, and I think that's
the headline is your report values Tesla
at about $400 per share when you add up
all the businesses. Uh but you don't
count Optimus. So why did you not add
Optimus yet? And then why do you think
the market is giving Optimus away for
free right now? Ah, why did I not? Um,
I'm I'm just too stupid. I I think it's
it's really hard. I mean, you guys have
all heard um the way that Elon talks
about Optimus being the infinite money
glitch and, you know, basically causing
us to forget everything that we thought
we knew about what GDP even means,
uh, what labor markets even mean. when
you have something as disruptive as
Optimus. So, and and I buy into all of
that. Like, I actually think that it's
really true. I don't think it's
hyperbolic. When he says these things, I
really do think the world is going to
look fundamentally unrecognizable.
And so, given that, when I'm just
sitting here looking at my spreadsheet
thinking, how am I going to model this?
Uh, I think I I it's almost like I don't
even know where to start. So, rather
than trying, and it's something that
obviously I'm going to have to do
eventually. Um, but what I wanted to do
instead was look at the things that I
sort of can conceptualize,
things that our clients can
conceptualize, things that I can model.
Um, and focus just on those things. Make
some assumptions, long-term assumptions,
um, about the way that I actually think
the world will look.
and make a cash flow um margin forecast,
revenue forecast, and you you know use a
pretty detailed bottoms up um logic
about all of these different 17 revenue
uh revenue streams and gross profit
streams, build that all into a DCF, and
then see what the implied valuation was.
And if I got through that process
and learned that based on the
assumptions that I was inputting into
the model, the fair value of those
businesses was
$200 a share or $300 a share or
something like that. Then I would have
said, "Okay,
I really need to dig out something
resembling an Optimus forecast in order
to justify the valuation where it's at.
But I didn't have to do that. Once I
went through the analysis, I was like,
"Okay, basically all of these," and it
wasn't just optimist, right? I, you
know, the um distributed inference and
and these other things that are equally
as disruptive and sort of, you know,
mind-blowing are also completely zeroed
out in this analysis. So, and I'm pretty
sure that the value of those things is
nonzero.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and I was happy, you know, to
get this done. Um because it's something
that I've wanted to do along. You
mentioned this is the second edition.
The first edition that we did like we've
covered Tesla for 10 years now. The
first one is half a decade old and as
you know like a the world looks a lot
different today than it did five years
ago. So um yeah. Anyway,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And I like the bottom up approach
because it really, you know, puts on
everything on all these 17 revenue
streams
a 20 year horizon right until 2045.
Um, I like the precision of it. I like,
you know, that each revenue line is
really thought through at different
stage and obviously that brings
questions. So my first question was on
robo taxi. So by 2045
um you feel
not including Optimus, not including
inference or anything of that uh you
feel that it would be about half of
Tesla's revenues and gross profits.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What needs to happen in the next three
to five years
&gt;&gt; for us getting there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so it's actually th this is
robo taxi was one of the big incremental
changes that I made to our long-term
modeling this in this pass and um
initially what I assumed in our model
beforehand was that uh there wouldn't be
all that much contribution from robo
taxi. Um, what I assumed is that Tesla
would obviously they're building cyber
cab and they're they have a robo taxi
service. So, it's not as though the
contribution would be zero. But my
assumption was that they were only more
or less doing that as a proof of concept
because managing a fleet, owning a
fleet, cleaning a fleet, scrapping
vehicles, all of these things are sort
of,
you know, they're asset intensive and
low margin and time consuming. And I
assumed that rather than going down that
path, Tesla would sell you the Cyber
Cab, you could do whatever you wanted
with it and then they would just charge
you for the self-driving subscription,
right? And that's how they would
monetize Robo Taxi. Other people would
own, deploy, manage Robo Taxis. Tesla
would still monetize it just through
software subscriptions rather than
owning and deploying the vehicles and
selling rides.
Um I don't think that way anymore. Um
I I think uh that they will sell rides
and you know I think that they're you
know clearly structuring the business in
a way now that they want to scale this
city by city and and things. So we
needed to make that change to the model.
Um what needs to happen in the next 3 to
5 years? So we did a bottoms up
forecast. Um, so we basically
uh assumed we looked at all of the Yeah
guys, looks like uh Herbert's got
something going here. Um, yeah, this is
this is the revenue um slide that shows
all of the different um revenue lines.
So 17 different sources of revenue. Um
and robo taxi, yeah, down there at the
sort of by the bottom you can see
eventually scales up to be, you know,
something really ginormous once you get
out to the end uh of the forecast
period. It ramps pretty slowly. What
feeds into this um is obviously a number
of assumptions that if we made,
you know, bullish revisions to those
assumptions, it would imply a higher
valuation. A lot of the um
methodology that we used, we tried to
inject some conservatism into it. Not
because of technical skepticism or
things like that, but more uh
regulatory, you know, who who really
knows u the way that, you know, society
or or politicians will respond to these
things, especially
you know, outside the US. So anyway, to
to give you the sort of nuts and bolts
of how we built that forecast, we looked
at uh cities globally with 500,000
people or more and there are 900 some
cities like that.
Then uh we basically looked at how many
people live in those cities, made some
assumptions regarding how many one-way
trips are made in each of those cities
per capita. What percentage of those are
made by cars,
what percentage of those will eventually
be made by robo taxis and then what
percentage of that will be Tesla?
So that's a ride ridership forecast
basically by city in these 900 cities. A
lot of the cities were zero. Like I
think by 2045 we assume in Pyongyang or
whatever there's zero robo taxi rides
being delivered, right? So there are we
zeroed out big chunks of the of the
world there when we're making our robo
taxi forecast. We assume Tesla's
basically 50% market share. We assume
this will be a duopolistic
um outcome. That's my assumption. Um
and so once you get ridership
um multiply by a fair you know a fair
per ride um then you build a cost you
know we did a really detailed cost like
build up there's actually a lot of work
I mean if you look at if you look at
this model I mean you have to clear your
calendar to get through it all.
&gt;&gt; How many cars how many cars did you
think would be out there by then?
&gt;&gt; Yeah I can answer that question
explicitly. I mean I when we look at the
um the total production of cyber cabs it
was actually really kind of interesting
because we weren't thinking about this
from the standpoint of how many vehicles
is Tesla producing and how many rides
per day can a vehicle deliver. Instead,
we we started with people, right? How
many people live in these cities? How
many trips do they take? How many and
then you back calculate based on that
number of people, that number of rides,
how many vehicles Tesla would need to
produce. And it just so happened that
once you get to the peak, uh Tesla's
producing about 2 million cyber cabs a
year, which is close to the uh to the
capacity that Elon has talked about them
eventually needing in terms of annual
cyber cab production.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And that they're not they don't get to
that point though until like the 20 mid
2030s or something I want to say. Um,
I'm opening my model so I can answer
your question. In terms of how many
vehicles are out there, we we assumed
that they I think in our scrapage
assumptions, we assumed that they would
stay in service for six years, I think,
and then we depreciate them over a
six-year period. So that ends up being a
big driver of the cost per mile. Um,
so let me see robo taxi count. Yeah, we
have eventually sort of globally they
eventually get by the end of the
forecast period to like 14 or 15 million
active robo taxis globally.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I mean it and I just want to have
one followup looking at Elon's venture
and reading his master plans especially
the early ones it it always seems to be
the same thing. build an initial cash
cow and then and obviously with each
three years the new project becomes a
bigger cash cow and that finances the
next project right in in the SpaceX
venture and if your model is right it's
the robo taxi financing Optimus and then
Optimus financing whatever else comes
afterwards.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I I mean it's it's
robo taxi and FSD subscriptions. Um,
we'll get to that. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but yes, for sure.
&gt;&gt; But Alex, with only 15 million robo
taxis by 2045, it sounds like you're
just modeling out ride hailing as
opposed to transportation as a service.
&gt;&gt; That's that's accurate. So, um, we are
trying to capture, um,
you know, quote unquote ride hailing as
a service through FSD subscriptions. So,
like we we we make some assumptions. Um,
and I for sure like I I think that um
more modeling is probably warranted in
this regard, but you know, if you have I
I don't think personal vehicles are
going to go away. I own two Teslas right
now, and I I don't see myself going down
to zero Teslas and just relying on robo
taxis. I would love to have I mean I do
have FSD but you know to the point where
you know it's obviously people are
taking these road trips now um I use FSD
every day and it's like the you do find
yourself drifting like your attention is
not focused on the road all the time um
we are that close to taking road trips
and watching Netflix
&gt;&gt; or you know writing emails and things um
which It's just an incredible
productivity unlock and for the $99 a
month that they're I mean they are
giving it away if you un if you unlock
that amount of functionality.
Um and again I so I think that given the
value embedded in FSD that society
hasn't yet truly I think most people
don't know or don't believe it. I think
that a lot of that transportation as a
service concept will be captured in
personal vehicles that are paying FSD
subscriptions
but paying a higher monthly fee for.
&gt;&gt; Okay?
&gt;&gt; Because $99 a month is giving it away
for a song. Like most of the time when I
talk to clients, I mean that's $1,200 a
year, right? And so when people hear
that, they're like, I I can't envision
paying that. that's a lot of money. Like
what what kind of value am I getting for
that? And it's, you know, it's there's
clear I think it was Steve Balmer or
somebody has similar quotes where he's
talking about the iPhone. Like why would
you pay $1,000 for a phone? Like our
phone takes pictures. Our phone sends
text messages. You're just like, man,
you are like way off the mark. Like you
don't really understand the way the
world is about to change. And FSD will
be like that. $99 a month is quasy free.
&gt;&gt; So I eventually Anyway, transportation
as a service I think is captured by FSD
payments. Okay. At least in our
&gt;&gt; because you do get down to the 25 cent
per uh ride mark. So that's yeah you're
you're right there to that would disrupt
&gt;&gt; transportation service. Um go ahead
Jeeoff your next question.
&gt;&gt; Just funny segue. My I used to work
Motorola for multiple decades. My boss
was sitting next to Balmer during that
conversation. Are
&gt;&gt; you launching?
&gt;&gt; That's awesome.
&gt;&gt; The Motorola Cube phone if you remember
with the keyboard and I remember having
to responsible for supply chain having
to take our our tooling plan down on
that uh did not uh hit it out of the
park as as we uh we all thought it
would. But anyway, funny segue. We're
talking about FSD. By the way, I firmly
believe I'm on 1433
this release where the nag has been
meaningfully reduced. Uh I am getting
through email. I am getting through
messages and it it there is a a new
productivity a lock that literally has
just occurred in the last week. So I
think there's something something there
to that. I totally agree with you. I was
going to switch to you know FSD
licensing a bit. So still on the FSD
track because in your report you call
it's it's a pretty it grows to like 400
billion like four Teslas basically in by
2045
and my question is really around the
compet Tesla or auto competitors today
and what do you think the trigger is or
how did they get their heads around
buying this service from Tesla and
giving Tesla 75% of their subscription
revenue. How do you think they get their
heads around that relative to the
competition? And the only thing I would
add to that is I don't think the
competition is actually catching up or
getting meaningfully closer at to a
product that sca that works at scale at
the cost structure FSD will. I'm just
curious like what do you what do you
think that trigger is and how that
actually would actually play out where
all these Tesla competitors Toyota VW if
they even exist over this time period
but how do they start buying from Tesla
does it is it just kind of like they're
forced into it almost
&gt;&gt; yes
I I don't think they want to right I
mean they didn't want to use the
supercharger network either right and
it's and obviously there is a big um
there's a big incentive for them to do
something anything other than base their
entire electrical architecture and their
entire self-driving strategy around
their biggest competitor right so that's
it's not something that they are falling
over themselves to do um but I mean it's
preaching to the choir here but
Tesla's approach
is just fundamentally
different and better and more cost
effective
than what everybody else is doing. And
there aren't and I agree with you like
there there aren't um you know one of
Elon's favorite quotes that I like to
use a lot is you can't see second place
with a telescope.
um you really can't like I everybody
else is using this sort of Franken
monster approach uh to solve
self-driving because it's very difficult
to internalize all of the competency in
one place like what Tesla has from
manufacturing to software to chips to
you know AI training all the data like
the advantage is very difficult to
replicate just like it was with with the
superchargers, right? I mean, you can
there's an incentive for Ford Motor
Company to use a third party charging
network. Um, because, you know, there's
Tesla signage and Tesla branding all
over the all over the supercharger and
you don't want to drive your F-150
Lightning into the Supercharger and get
charged more than the Tesla owner next
to you is like that. That sucks if
you're Ford. But in the end, it's sort
of like, look, Tesla's doing this
faster, much more reliably,
much cheaper than, you know, these third
parties who,
you know,
it's painful to look at the way that
that charging network roll out went. And
in the end, it's sort of like, look,
let's just not try to Tesla solved the
problem. We can differentiate ourselves
in other ways. And they can, right? I
mean, there are things that Ford does
that Tesla doesn't do, right? And they
can focus on those things, but when it
comes to things like self-driving
in the end, I think and then the the one
thing as soon as there's one,
&gt;&gt; I think it'll I mean, you noticed, I'm
sure, after after the first one started
using superchargers, it was just like
dominoes. all the rest started putting
um you know NACS the next connector uh
&gt;&gt; compatibility on. So I think the same
thing will happen with FSD but
&gt;&gt; it's a huge I mean it's a yes
&gt;&gt; you have the you have the inference
computer in the car like they're going
to have to because Tesla's going to be
doing more with the inference computer
than driving most likely. We have
digital optimist we've got all these
different things
&gt;&gt; out there. So anyway, once you're you're
not only you're not only getting the
self-driving solution, but it it could
be open to a whole lot more. So anyway,
yeah, just an interesting
&gt;&gt; thought of like,
you know, just getting over this. As
soon as this starts happening now, you
really have to start modeling in
&gt;&gt; the TAMs of the entire auto industry
buying a subscription
from Tesla. So just it's a fascinating
thing. Thanks for going through that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and there are, you know, by the
end of the forecast period, we basically
assume that one out of every three
vehicles on planet Earth is built around
Tesla's electrical architecture, Tesla's
sensors, Tesla's compute.
&gt;&gt; And how monopolistic would that be? You
know, do you really I mean in China
probably Xiaoang, but do you see other
people on the horizon?
&gt;&gt; I I think that China is probably I I
don't see a lot of others on the
horizon. I mean long-term implicitly
what we're assuming is that there are
one or two other companies like if
Tesla's 30% or one out of three then
there's presumably a big Chinese
platform that's basically doing what the
Chinese do best which is look at a
business model that works and then throw
a relentless work ethic and a inimitable
cost structure behind replicating it as
quickly as possible and rather than sort
of scoffing or pretending like it won't
work or anything like that. And so I do
think that you know vertically
integrated OEMs in China
um at least on paper you know they live
in the right supply chain they have
access to the right componentry they
have the skill set um they don't go from
zero to one
&gt;&gt; open mind open mind
&gt;&gt; and not dogmatic about the way
&gt;&gt; that's right um so I think eventually
there they will follow in Tesla's foot
but A it's it's a meaningful
uh lead that Tesla has built and there's
nothing that can't be replicated right
everything can eventually be replicated
it's just that you know as long as you
remain sort of the company that is worth
copying which Tesla is right in in China
and elsewhere then you can maintain that
lead um
&gt;&gt; well as long as OEMs don't put cameras
in their cars they're they're not even
starting
&gt;&gt; yeah that that I think is right. I mean
the the western OEMs um that's why like
I said I I think eventually they'll
they'll keep bashing their heads against
a wall working with tier ones and where
you know with chip vendors and whatever
trying to you know make it work with a
consortium and ultimately when it
doesn't work they will be forced to
capitulate and use Tesla's system. But
that'll be a multi-year process, right?
That's why, like I said, you know, we
have these upward inflections in the
S-curve um for row taxi, but also for
FSD licensing out quite a ways because
it's uh you in the forecast, right? Like
it doesn't really start impacting,
but if you take those S-curves and shift
them ahead
by a year or two years or three years,
then the DCF because obviously time
value, money, right? So that the
&gt;&gt; exactly
&gt;&gt; and then it does have you know a big
impact on our DCF um valuation.
Yeah, we'll get to aliation in a second,
but I just want to add something to to
this, which sorry Herbert, I know we're
talking later about a possible merger,
and I don't know how how far you want to
go, but do you believe that if Tesla and
SpaceX would merge that it actually
becomes more complicated
for other OEMs to partner with Tesla
just because under the head of a space
company, you
national security? I I my biggest
question actually when we get to the
space segment we don't need to address
this now is what will happen with Tesla
China you know how
&gt;&gt; could this all work
&gt;&gt; in in a in a merger scenario which I
think we at least I I don't see any
alternative I think they want to merge
but
&gt;&gt; but the licensing part could also be one
that's then more under stress
&gt;&gt; uh yeah I guess I haven't thought about
that exact line of reasoning but I think
it's true I mean that's Why, you know,
to a certain extent I left um I left
room in our
I mean obviously if if one out of every
three vehicles in the world is is
licensing Tesla's FSD,
that's a lot. But there's also room for
some other entity or entities using some
other solution that are more aligned
with whatever the geopolitical realities
are 5 years or 10 years or 15 years from
now is obviously very difficult like I
can't figure out what the geopolitical
reality is going to look like next week.
So you know what it looks like.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, so but I do think that,
you know, one way or another, regardless
of how geopolitics plays out,
Tesla leads because of physics,
right? And they have, you know, a
solution that can scale uh at a
reasonable cost sort of regardless of
what the relationships between countries
are. So, one way or another, I feel like
Tesla's in the short list of companies
that will actually be relevant five or
10 or 15 years from now. And maybe 30%
is the wrong number. Maybe it's 20 or
maybe it's 40. I don't know. But it's
not zero.
&gt;&gt; Hence, traveling on Air Force One when
the president goes to China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I would have I would have
liked to have been in those meetings.
&gt;&gt; Oh, me too. I mean I I was a translator.
So when I when I worked in in at the
World Bank I I was a translator. Um
&gt;&gt; and I sometimes I wonder like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So I I I lived in China for
and that that was my job, right? When I
people would come over um and a lot of
times it was Chinese government or um
banks or companies and you'd have a
consultant or you'd have a politician or
whoever from the World Bank or the IMF
that somebody would come in and I would
basically walk them around China
translating for him. And I sometimes
wonder if like I never came to the cell
side and I I never did this gig and all
I did was just sit there just like
translating all the time
&gt;&gt; in Beijing.
&gt;&gt; If maybe I would like eventually I would
have been
in meetings like that. That would have
been but
&gt;&gt; but who knows?
&gt;&gt; You know, you just invest with whatever
Justin Hawk says.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Would have been much more
lucrative.
Well, remind me never to go to have a
beer with you because you will be more
Asian than me.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well,
&gt;&gt; and I'm going to be more western than
you.
&gt;&gt; No, it's Anyway, yeah, I love
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, this is very interesting
with these uh first of all, I'm learning
a lot about how you and maybe I'm
assuming that Wall Street analysts are
thinking, but you know, there's a lot of
things you're saying that you believe in
FSD. You ride it yourself. You know it,
so you're not going to ignore it. You
understand where it's going to go. you
believe in Optimus, but you, you know,
you gave your reasons why you're not
going to put in. You have 17 um you
know, including the licensing of FSE and
hardware. The quibble, of course, is
you're too conservative, maybe some
people are going to say for, you know,
we're talking 2045. Okay, this is like
that's the you know forecast period and
we're at 2026 and so at 10 years from
now you're it's still tiny numbers and
then 20 years from now and by then the
world has changed as you know it's going
to be who knows what this will be at
this point. Um but uh but so you know
when you did the 17 which of these
product lines surprised you the most uh
when you built out the numbers? Oops. Um
there were a couple things that I was
surprised by. Uh a couple things I was
happy about. Um you mentioned the 25
cents uh per mile uh cost to deliver
roots. You you hear whatever Elon or
whoever saying, "Oh, eventually we're
going to be at 20 cents a mile or
something." But that seems I like I
didn't know like it seems like a good
number. But I I didn't like I wanted to
like shut my eyes and close my ears and
not listen to like headlines and just
like literally think about how long do I
have to spend at the charging station?
You know, what is the output of the
charging station? How much does it cost
to build the charging? How many
connectors per station? How many
sessions per per uh day? You know,
what's the wholesale cost of
electricity? What are they charging for
electric?
do all of the um
all of the things that would go into
trying to determine what the cost per
mile of a robo taxi would be,
depreciation per mile, all of these
things. Um how long can I use the robo
taxi, how much do I have to spend
cleaning it, blah blah blah. And we got
to 25 cents, which is in the ballpark.
Like I was pretty happy. Um and that
was, you know, just literally my own
like putting numbers in. So it seems
like it's sort of vindicates the sort of
oneliner uh numbers that Tesla talks
about. Um the FSD licensing things and
uh you know the take rates for uh FSD
subscriptions and the robo taxis being
pushed out. I didn't do that because I
have any magic wand. Like I I know that
Tesla is obviously scaling CyberCap
capacity
faster than that. And I think that if
Elon were looking at these timelines
that are implied in my own model, he
would probably think that that's
disappointing if that's the the quickest
they can do it. But at the same time,
you know, I'm trying to put conservatism
in that and the FSD licensing thing.
Like Jeff, you're right. Like that's a
huge a huge decision to make if you're
General Motors. Like you're basically
like hat in hand walking into the board
as Mary Bar saying like we just can't do
it. And when you make that decision like
first of all it's how long was it is it
going to take for the for proud dogmatic
people to come to that conclusion. It
might take years from now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe maybe it's three years from
now. So, we can't have an inflection in
FSD licensing until at least however
long that is. So, maybe that's
2029. They come to that realization. But
then they don't just flip a switch and
like you download an app in the
Silverado and it's self-driving, right?
Like you have to tear the whole thing
down to the
&gt;&gt; three to five years. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. build, you know, you start with
your AI5 equipped,
you know, compute, use Tesla's
electrical architecture, Tesla's
cameras, and then build the vehicle
around that, and they're slow moving.
So, that's another couple year process,
right? So, I that's that's the reason
why it's it's really till like the mid
2030s
&gt;&gt; um that FSD licensing starts inflecting.
But could it go higher? Should it go
higher? Yeah. And if I was at one of
those companies, I mean, I I actually
think it would be a really positive
thing for like let's say it was Ford
Motor Company or whatever. Like let's
let's say Jim Farley gets, you know, OnX
tomorrow and is like, you know, that
whole skunk works thing that we've been
working on in Southern California, that
whole thing has only been to launch FSD
ASAP using Tesla's architecture.
&gt;&gt; Stock would rip. I think the stock would
rip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. because it is a multi-year
process. And if they're the first one
&gt;&gt; who three or four years ahead of
everybody else decided they were gonna
maybe he made that decision two years
ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And now you don't want to say it
&gt;&gt; now. Until like Yeah. You don't want to
say until it's ready and be like, "By
the way,
come into a dealer near you,
&gt;&gt; right? Next week or something
&gt;&gt; because then
&gt;&gt; it looks like a truck."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. you know, it looks like a
truck. It's not a cyber it's whatever.
It's not a cyber truck and you know and
and it does all the things that Ford you
know it's got the Ford dealer network
which you know and trust and you know
&gt;&gt; I so agree because we we did d deep
dives into the skunk network remember
Herbert and uh and lots of exeslas you
know it it really looks set up for that
and this whole idea is it will be a
truck it will be a cheap accessible I
mean cheap we'll talk about when we are
getting there but but it will be that
and I actually have two two things to
add to that. Profitabilities of the OEMs
as we all know is going to go down just
because they're selling less cars and
their business model is obviously
relying a lot on financing, but if you
sell less cars, financing goes
immediately down with it. So, it's not
as if it's diversified. The second thing
is lots of these CEOs currently are
getting close to retirement. their
boards may actually obligate them
to be the last action before they leave
to do it because it's one of those
things nobody wants to do it but it's a
typical thing you have to do before you
then announce that you're leaving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
maybe. I mean, I honestly I do think
eventually it's inevitable that somebody
will and once somebody does
&gt;&gt; it could be Ford. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it could be like I can you imagine like
I I think that if they literally they
put that press release out tomorrow. It
would be who even knows how many years
until somebody else actually cuz it's
not like this the supercharger thing
where it's like okay we just it's some
engineering hours or whatever we got to
figure out how to make it connect to you
know this connector like you have to
change your entire electrical
architecture.
&gt;&gt; Let me let me add given the success of
Tesla with FSD in Korea it could
actually be a Korean first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Remember, I mean, they have
to look at their burn rate of these
companies. They have a burn rate trying
to develop
&gt;&gt; self-driving and it's costing them R&amp;D
dollars. It's costing them time that
they're not lost sales. So, at some
point, they have to consider when go,
like you said, go to the board and when
do I trim this burn rate and turn it
into a licensing fee that I pay another
company for where I actually can produce
sales from it? Because right now I'm not
producing anything from it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Eat my pride.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I It's hard. I understand that
it's hard. Um
&gt;&gt; Oh, the Japanese
the Germans.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I know. I mean, you you
know this. My wife is My wife is from
Germany. So, um
&gt;&gt; you know, I'm German. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. So, I mean, it's a dagger to the
heart when But you I mean, you can see
what's happening to the you know, the
the u the auto manufacturing supply
chain in Germany. um the tier ones, they
are just
&gt;&gt; it's a it's it's the wrong paradigm and
um it's a 20th century mindset that
really has no place.
&gt;&gt; Look how many billions Folkswagen
already lost and now they're trying with
Rivian and I mean you you know Rivian
much better than I will ever know. But
good luck with that. Anything but Tesla
until it's not possible anymore.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. China save Europe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's the other that's the
other thing is, you know, I think that
uh Rivian's approach um I think is at
least on paper is the right approach,
right? I mean, they're looking at the
way that the path that Tesla walked and
there are definitely things that they're
doing that Tesla would not and they're
still using the LAR crutch and they're
still, you know, sensor fusion and all
this um which I think will ultimately be
proven unnecessary.
Um, but they are a vertically integrated
automaker, right? They're not relying on
a consortium calling somebody else up
and asking them to do all the cool stuff
on their behalf. So, that's a page out
of Tesla's playbook. Um, you know, they
have in-house expertise in electronics
and the electrical architecture. And as
a vertically integrated automaker, they
have the direct relationship with the
end consumer.
So, again, I mean, on paper, those are
all good. They don't have a massive
fleet of vehicles that was purposebuilt
for harvesting this data
&gt;&gt; the way that Tesla does. Um,
&gt;&gt; which is a monster advantage. Um, and
there's all kinds of other things that
but anyway.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Before we move off of the report
now, I just got one last question for
you, Alex. First of all, I'm loving
everything you're saying. You you get
Tesla. uh do you
I I quibble of course with a lot of
little things like you know their
timeline and just clearly I want to just
ask you how do you compare to other Wall
Street analysts or is this a typical
Wall Street kind of be I mean you even
had your Ford theory I love it
conspiracy theorist here I love it but
&gt;&gt; that's not my that's not my like
operating assumption theory
&gt;&gt; but you have to be conserv conservative
and so how do other Wall Street analysts
compared to the way you're thinking do
they also believe in FSE do they also
believe you know all the things you just
said no need for liar like you get Tesla
but then you're just being conservative
is that the way they all act or do you
think that they have room to be educated
better
&gt;&gt; um
so I I do think that I'm I'm atypical to
a certain extent um there are and you
know I mean Wall Street analysts aren't
a monolith um just like retail isn't
either right um so um
&gt;&gt; I would say like among my direct
contemporaries
peers who are serving the by side with
research
um there's there are still some people
um
it's a smaller number now than it once
was but there are still some people who
will say, you know, the valuation
doesn't make sense because look at the
the market cap of the top 10 auto
companies in the world and Summit
Together and even that and you know and
so like there is there aren't as many
people doing that now as there once
were. That used to be a really big
thing. Now it's less but there are still
a couple stragglers. I think there are a
bunch of people who um I would say
believe
qualitatively
that Tesla's doing interesting things
and they've they're they've sort of been
forced to acknowledge that Tesla and
SpaceX and you know basically all of
Elon's companies are a force to be
reckoned with. like that's you you you
look like an idiot if you're if you deny
that. But that doesn't necessarily mean
that you can sort of codify that into a
number, right? Like what should the
stock price be? And that's why what I I
liked doing this analysis because rather
than just saying like, oh, it's gonna be
amazing and the stock is cheap, be
specific, like very specific. And like I
would readily acknowledge like there's a
bunch of things at least, you know, that
like you were saying, you can quibble
with the timelines. I hope I'm wrong.
It'd be amazing, right? Like shift all
those S-curves five years forward in my
DCF. Be amazing. And maybe that'll
happen. Like I'm sure that Elon and you
know everybody working at Tesla, they go
to bed every night to the extent they go
to bed thinking about making that happen
five years earlier than it's currently
which is amaz like that's
but I don't think there are a lot of
people who have done that level of work
um to be able to like dial up dial down
all the assumptions and try to come up
with what the valuation implies.
Instead, it's just sort of like, well,
there's a bunch of companies like
there's the Mag 7 and there's
&gt;&gt; yeah, you know, there's whatever
&gt;&gt; Nvidia trades at this valuation and you
know, look at all these private
companies and what's Anthropic's
valuation or SpaceX's implied valuation
and let's like put them all in a big
bucket and then you know assume that
Tesla trades at this. It's like okay
&gt;&gt; and your clients because obviously your
clients are sensitive enough to listen
to you right I mean they wouldn't come
to you for Tesla research if they were
not interested do you feel that they're
getting more and more educated and
understand it or is it still very
black and white
&gt;&gt; um I think that they are so they're they
are getting more educ because
one thing I would say that everybody
would would acknowledge, right, is that
the world has changed
really fundamentally versus 10 years or
15 or 20 years ago. And if you went into
articulate to somebody in working in
Blockbuster video or whatever um or like
Jeff what you were talking about earlier
with with Steve Balmer or maybe at that
time before these really truly society
defining changes hadn't yet happened,
right? there wasn't there wasn't uh
mobile telefan and the internet and
these things hadn't really changed
society yet. You could be forgiven for
thinking that these futurists are
completely nuts because they sound nuts,
right? Neon Musk sounds nuts with
regularity at especially back when I
first started covering the company. I
was like what is this like he is smoking
crack. Um but then
um but then eventually like after you've
experienced personally how how
drastically the world really has changed
in our lifetimes in my kids' lifetimes,
right? Um it's not that big an ask now
when you're talking to somebody on the
buy side to think imagine what
that same sort of disruption would look
like if instead of applying it to
you know e-commerce
right shopping
you were applying it to transportation
energy
labor
outer space.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you're pushing it. You talk to
them about space already.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Physical AI,
&gt;&gt; right? I mean, but like going to Mars
sounds weird to people, but if you think
of it instead in terms of encapsulating
the planet in satellites,
&gt;&gt; putting data centers up there, data
centers are a pain in the neck to get
commissioned down here.
&gt;&gt; Permading is a problem. Power, the sun
never sets up there. Like, you need data
centers now. Everybody acknowledges it.
Why not put them in like things like
that? People are starting to get to the
point where they can at least pick the
phone up and not call you completely
nuts.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But again, like it comes down to why is
Tesla 200 times PE instead of 400 or 300
or like that's people are like I just
can't get comfortable with the
valuation. And
&gt;&gt; um
&gt;&gt; so your clients just to make sure your
clients are allocating money, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Their own money or mainly clients money.
So they do have a fiduciary risk and and
they have a choice. They can buy any
stock in the world rather than Tesla or
SpaceX. So for them it is much more an
arbitrage is do I feel comfortable
enough with this price of this stock
compared to other choices I can make.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I would say like one of the
things that if I could divide up my
clients. So you asked me earlier Herbert
like how are you like other analysts
like my competitors? Am I similar to my
competitors? But we all have the same
client base which is you know the the
hedge funds and pension funds and mutual
funds and you know people on the buy
side who are buying and selling stocks.
They're allocating money on behalf of
other people to try to turn it into more
money. And if I was to divide that sort
of client base into different buckets, I
think that the one that is most common
uh with Tesla, you know, like you have
some that are like Ron Baron and Kathy
Wood or whatever where it's just like
talk to me in 20 years Tesla's cheap
like and there aren't there the reason
that they have the the ability to do
that to make decisions in that way is
because they're managing money on behalf
of people who also have that same sort
of mentality or have that time horizon
or managing their own money. But some
people, right, like I have a big
percentage of my client base would be
long only managers, right, who are
working for mutual funds. Um they're
they don't short stocks.
Their entire performance is based on
whether they're exceeding their
benchmark or not.
um they have different um some people
it's annual, some people it's, you know,
a rolling multi-year period. But there's
a lot of people where even if they say
they're long only and they're long-term
investors,
they don't really have the luxury to
hold this, buy a stock, hold it for 10
or 15 or 20 years and not pay attention
to whether they're beating their
benchmark this year. And inevitably what
happens with Tesla is because it's a
volatile stock, right? So there will be
somebody who maybe at 4% of their
benchmark or something Tesla it's pretty
heavily heavy weight in their benchmark.
It's a big part of their own
performance. Even if they're not making
an explicit call because it's a part of
their benchmark, if they don't know
what's going on with Tesla, it can
influence their performance. And so
they'll be going through the year happy
as a clam, having a good year, like the
stocks that they're picking is
outperforming their benchmark, and they
feel good. And then for whatever reason,
Tesla will go up 50% or down 50% or
whatever, which it does with regularity,
and it will blow them up, and they don't
know why,
&gt;&gt; right? Because you guys know this is a
full if I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there goes their bonus. And if it
happens again, there goes their job,
&gt;&gt; right? And
&gt;&gt; they hate it because they know
&gt;&gt; effort. Yeah. It's painful. And I mean,
yeah. How much time does it take you
guys to stay on top of what's going on
with Tesla, right? Like it is a fulltime
job.
&gt;&gt; Hours, Alex. We don't exactly because
there isn't enough There aren't enough
hours in a day. like we're all missing
stuff now, right? And so when that's the
case, a lot of these folks,
&gt;&gt; they literally, even though they would
call themselves long only managers who
are long investment time horizon, when
they call me up on the phone, they
basically just say, "Is is Tesla going
to go up 50% or down 50% in the next six
months? because if it does, I need to
know which direction
or ideally I'll maybe I'll just try to
neutralize it and be equal weight in my
portfolio and think about something else
because it's driving me crazy. That's
the that's the most common type of
investor that I speak to on Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I hear you. You know, I I have a a
theory that there's going to be some
normalization in AI, physical AI, and
these chat bots, and a lot of things are
going to get normalized. I think Tesla's
going to have a lead for a long period
of time as we've talked about, but I do
actually think hardware is going to be
in the limit. This is just a personal
belief. And just getting back to like
what are those things that others could
be missing? I in my experience I don't
think Tesla's supply chain and hardware
capability. We talk about Gigafactories.
We talk about all of that but we don't
talk about it in a way where it really
shows how far ahead they are. Even in
2023 Gartner who rates supply chains
from all different companies. They even
put Tesla up at number 14 on a top 25
uh in the world. It was the number one
auto company by the way. It was ahead of
Toyota. And I just it just no I just
want to slide in there. If if hardware
turns into the limiter and Elon is
putting a bet on that with Terrapab and
beyond hardware, the assembly of that
hardware and the efficiency of the
assembly of that hardware turns into the
limit. I don't think there's a company
that's set up better because if you just
look at it from a the penetration of AI
and robotics into supply chain, it's
infinite decimal at this point. And I
think it's really going to move and
accelerate through Tesla faster than
most companies because they are already
AI equipped internally on their product
and uh in their hardware development.
And I I think when they actually start
using more and more of that internally,
I I think the hardware lead is going to
grow. It's already there today. You can
there's no other there's no other
company that makes automobiles that can
make them profitably in every single
geography in the world. That's a fact.
The Chinese haven't actually proven
themselves and setting up a full supply
chain assembly and in full supply it it
because the that that model doesn't
actually work. So that there's the lead
is already there. I think the lead gets
supercharged by their own internal AI
capability and robotics capability
because they've acquired multiple
robotics
&gt;&gt; and hardware companies over the last two
decades. I just think that grows and if
hardware isn't the limit there. There's
nobody set up actually better. It's not
saying that other companies can't make
hardware. It's more of can you make the
EV profitably? Can you make the robot
profitably? Can you do it in every
geography? I think that's where they're
going to stand out besides the silicon
piece of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I 100%. Like it's like you're
preaching the gospel. I mean, there's uh
one of the things that I learned early
on in uh my coverage of the stock. I
can't remember who it was that said
this.
Um if it was in a meeting with investors
or with IR or whatever. um it was
regarding supply chain and people talk
about all the time how how Tesla's
vertically integrated and they have all
this self-reliance and so I think the
assumption people make is that um
because Tesla is self-reliant and
vertically integrated they must not have
very many suppliers
and the reality is they have way more
way way way way more suppliers than the
average automaker right because the
average automaker just calls up Bosch or
they call up Conte or they call up
Aptive or whatever and they get one
completed thing.
&gt;&gt; They have no idea how they built it,
right? Yeah. And they just bolt it onto
the chassis as it moves down the
assembly line.
&gt;&gt; Tesla, you know, circumvents all of them
and literally specifies every single
nut, bolt, and washer and if necessary
designs the actuator that doesn't even
exist and if necessary builds it, right?
They have their own like they have their
own in-house contractor contracting firm
for building
&gt;&gt; uh cortex for instance right like it's
like you don't call up if it's you know
the whatever the limiting factor right I
like I like um that you know methodology
as well like just figure out where the
bottleneck is and if it's critical from
a supply chain standpoint and whoever is
responsible for that in the supply chain
isn't pulling their weight then you do
it yourself and that's you know it's
don't run away from the asset intensity
don't run away from engineering actual
physical things
um embrace it and that's so counter to
the way the western world functioned for
decades
&gt;&gt; um and so yeah it's I agree with you
it's it's it's hard to find other
western companies that have that
mentality most people here want to
design something and then push it off to
China and them build it.
&gt;&gt; And that is actually a very good bridge
to our topic merger because it's it is
in my view there are obviously many
governance subjects we can talk about
but in terms of practicality it is that
supply chain and manufacturing prowess
that Tesla brings to the table in the
merger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, you know, like I was saying
before we before we pushed record, I
think I'm gonna learn a lot more from
you than than the alternative or the
other way around when it comes to this
merger topic. I'm
still now trying to wrap my head around
all the different potential scenarios
and things. I do agree with you
eventually though um that
a merger is I I don't think that in
Elon's mind he really delineates between
these companies in the first place. I
you know there's it's all part of the
same mission
um for the most part right I mean you're
trying to prevent humanity from being
exposed to existential risk I mean
that's basically what I think ties more
or less all of its companies together
SpaceX is pursuing that mission just
like Tesla is. So there isn't any and
there's also obviously lots of
cross-pollination in terms of engineers
and and things. So like I agree with you
in the end state they're probably going
to be one entity um and the supply chain
and the you know the reliance um on the
same in-house you know these hardcore
small incredibly competent motivated
engineering teams to solve these big
problems but do so with the toolbox of
Tesla and SpaceX combined XAI
combined is you're hardressed to find
somebody else who can replicate that.
But again, Tesla goes from zero to one,
right? Tesla's out there on the
forefront and then the Chinese look at
it and then the Chinese mimic it. And
that's I think what's going to
ultimately happen at some point. Um,
not easy, but
&gt;&gt; So, let's try to play this game. Let's
say my scenario is correct and they just
announce in three months that um
there'll be a vote.
&gt;&gt; That's what you assume, three months. I
I assume between July and August will be
the announcement and the merger
happening Q2 Q3 next year. Yeah, it
takes about a year. Consume that. And
&gt;&gt; we're going to have to start adding new
tabs to that model. Herbert,
&gt;&gt; that was exactly my question. So, what
happens to your because I mean you don't
even have Optimus yet. Talk about
instrumental
&gt;&gt; and now you become SpaceX specialist.
&gt;&gt; Tesla. We just we spent about 10 minutes
here talking about Tesla being a
physical AI company and you guys
articulated really well the advantage
Tesla has and you have not added Optimus
but on the SpaceX side and Tesla side
the two of them together is macroard
which is the enterprise AI which is
Agentic AI which is 26.5
billion trillion dollars TAM and of
course anthropic and open AI are all
fighting for that as well. So it's
validated that this is a real thing.
Jensen Wong of course validates both the
agentic AI and then physical AI he
believes is still bigger inference being
the a million times larger than training
which means that it's all the edge cases
which of course Tesla's terapab and
others okay my point getting back to you
is these are the two massive businesses
enterprise AI physical AI you've got to
or you analysts need to start looking at
that now
&gt;&gt; yes you know you're right I mean it's
You're right. Like I say, I mean, this
is uh this is why um you know, this this
company and ultimately when these
companies are are combined or if they're
combined, right, these companies are
such a mental drain
um people, right? Because I I have, you
know, I have a 15 Yeah. You know, I've
got Tesla's not the only company I
cover, right? And so honestly like you
can have if I if I was covering Tesla
and SpaceX
there still would not be enough time in
the day to publish the research.
&gt;&gt; Tell us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's because the the
implications are so they're societywide
in basic and the TAM is GDP. So it's
sort of like how could I basically spend
time doing anything else? But at the
same time, like it's easy and it's fun
to like think about and talk about all
those things, but it took me freaking
forever. Like it took me months to try
to build up in a real way. like if
people, you know, had the time and
patience to like look through like I it
took me probably 30 seconds to just to
open the model earlier because like my
connection isn't fast enough because
there's so much detail built into it and
maybe that's like a maybe that's my own
sort of shortcoming like I want to like
try to like if you want to go deeper
like we can ask like why did you say you
know Paris
robo taxi is going to inflect in this
year instead of that. Like I don't know,
but at least I can talk about it with
that level of granularity.
And I feel like I don't like publishing
research unless I can do that. And so
when we talk about these big new things,
they're like, "Holy crap, that's the
whole story, man. How are you not
focusing on it?" It's like, "Oh, I
agree. I want to, but I need to spend
time like it's overwhelming.
&gt;&gt; We hear you, Alex. We completely hear
you. And ju just to explain what we do.
I I don't
&gt;&gt; I still don't understand SpaceX's
business model in detail. I understand
the big lines, but so I concentrate on,
you know, the governance side of it, 85%
voting rights and board of directors and
all these things, which is absolutely
passionate because what
&gt;&gt; that's already that's a lot,
&gt;&gt; Alex. Whenever you want, we talk about
it because I am so passionate about. You
have no idea. He was so the lawyers on
this.
&gt;&gt; They bonkerized the whole thing. This
I've never seen anything like this. This
is Elon and anymore. So if this merges
into SpaceX, Tesla becomes a bonker. So
and you know you may want that a client
may want that a retail investor may want
that but an institutional investor may
be very uncomfortable about such a
dominant founder who has even in a
merchant entity more than 50% of voting
rights
&gt;&gt; or a regulator
&gt;&gt; or a regulator or a Chinese
entity
&gt;&gt; right so so I do see all the dangers
that come with it um and there will be a
vote there will be a Tesla vote there
will be authorities who have to
authorize it. So it there are lots of
things and we may have to catch up very
very quickly and I completely understand
that it's much more secure to come from
a bottomup model like you did here which
I found fascinating and actually all
these numbers will stay in place because
even if there's a merger this Tesla
business model continues and the
optimist will have to be added and the
inference will have be added and the and
the terrafab will have to be added and
you know but then if the merger happens
really within 12 months as 12 14 months
there you will be really busy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's busy in a good way
though man. I'm telling you like it's
really fun to to work on this. Um way
more fun than writing an earnings update
for some neutral rated stock that
nobody's going to read. But yeah, it's
uh and that is there there's something
you mentioned there that um like going
back to the the you know potential risks
of a of a of a grand merger like this.
Um maybe institutions don't like it. Um
maybe whatever proxy uh institutions
don't like it. Yeah, I know. I know
you've got some yeah some opinions about
um but on the regulatory front like
that's the other thing that I think I've
I've said this a couple times to people
and they sort of look at me strangely um
that in my view the biggest risk
uh long term is that people will say we
as a society feel uncomfortable with
this amount of power being concent
concentrated in
&gt;&gt; monopolistic power.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Monopolistic power translated into
voting rights.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not independent board surveillance and
all of it because like I said, this is
built to be Elon's bunker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And Alexander, I'm going to put
you to work though, okay? Please go do a
I I know you know the answer but which
is take a look at the mag 10 and tell me
how many of them are actually already
mon like not um controlled by founders.
&gt;&gt; Well unusual and alpha
&gt;&gt; it's not unusual as my point
&gt;&gt; it's actually Tesla's Tesla's structure
is the anomaly
&gt;&gt; the 2010 IPO was not well thought
through to protect Elon now it's the
opposite. The SpaceX IPO is protecting
him on all sides.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I want you to do a
&gt;&gt; He learned it the hard way. He learned
it the hard way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, you helped him get
through all that.
&gt;&gt; Played played some role.
&gt;&gt; She did.
&gt;&gt; Alex, when you when you think of SpaceX
and Tesla, you did already kind of send
say a little earlier that you believe
it's going to happen. Uh, is that a good
thing for Tesla investors or are you
going to say to Tesla investors, you
know, like half the investors right now
are screaming going, "We're going to be
diluted. It's not fair."
How what's your position on this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I again like I institutional
investors aren't the monolith. So, like
me personally, like if I if I was
allowed to own stocks in my own
portfolio that I cover, which I'm not,
but if I was allowed, then Tesla would
be the biggest holding and I would just
hold it until the day I retire. And
that's the case
with this conversation about a merger.
it's the case without the conversation
about the merger. Um, so I guess
implicitly what I'm saying is like I I
think it's a good thing. I think
inevitably it will happen and this is
not to me if you would have asked me two
or three five years ago if you know all
of Elon's companies will one day be one
entity sort of delution this delution
that whatever I I would have said that
that's my assumption that that's the way
it will be and it will probably be more
efficient that way and in the long term
we'll probably unlock more value that
way that's going to be the way it ends
up being. Um, will there be choppiness
along the way? Absolutely. Is there
likely to be some reallocation of money
that's currently in Tesla to SpaceX post
IPO? Probably yes. Like, could that be
bad for Tesla's valuation over the next
however many months? Potentially, yes.
And is that going to, you know, blow
somebody up with regard to their own
benchmark between now and year end?
Potentially, yes. So people like that
might really really care because they're
thinking about Tesla as an investment in
a different way than I am. So, but yeah,
as far as I'm concerned, um, in terms
of, uh, the the long-term
structure of the company, efficiency of
the company, and ultimately speed to
addressing the problems that Elon's
trying to address, and ultimately value
of the company, um, having them combined
is is probably better.
&gt;&gt; Alex, uh, you you said you worked in
China, you know, China really well. Do
you think that the Chinese government
will allow Tesla to build robots there?
Optimus and then two, I think you might
have, let's go ahead and answer the
question that Alexander asked earlier.
If SpaceX and Tesla merge, would China
need to kick Tesla out?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Um, so one thing that I I
would say is
that the Tesla China relationship is
really interesting and unique uh amongst
any other company that I've covered. Um,
I know that there's the assumption I
think amongst a lot of people in the
west is that there's an antagonistic
relationship
between Western companies and Chinese
companies or Western government and
Chinese government. And that's true like
to a certain extent. I mean obviously
there's there's real competition that
exists there and it's sort of a rivalry
but at the same time the to a certain
extent the Chinese business model is
based on having access and an
understanding of the best-in-class,
right? because you need to have the
best-in-class if you and you need to be
able to understand what the
best-in-class is if you want to scale,
which the Chinese are very good at,
right? And so
back in whatever it was, 2018 or 2017,
&gt;&gt; um when Tesla comes to China,
um with a wholly owned factory for the
first time, right? Not a 50-50 joint
venture, but their own factory, which
was unprecedented at that time. the
Chinese government and you know all of
the Chinese you know companies in the EV
and battery supply chain suddenly had a
company that was worth a dam to
replicate
&gt;&gt; because up until that point they had
been trying to replicate General Motors
and Volkswagen Buicks and Volkswagen
pats and things like that. Like I
mentioned at the at the beginning that
the supply chain is different, right? So
you rely a lot more on the tier ones and
the Chinese didn't have a lot of tier
one IP. So they're trying to replicate
General Motors, but General Motors
doesn't really do anything. All they do
is buy Super Bowl ads and try to sell
you Buicks that they designed in house.
But they didn't they don't do a lot of
the underlying guts of the So the
Chinese didn't have a good understanding
of that supply chain when they set up
the 50-50 joint venture structure. Tesla
comes in, blows that up. It's a
completely different approach to supply
chain management, make versus buy, the
electrical architecture, all of these
things. And so the Chinese now, thanks
to Tesla's participation
directly in their market, fast forward
three, four, five years later, and the
Chinese are eating the world in the
automotive market. They're doing it
because Tesla was allowed in,
not because Tesla was kept out. Right?
And so when you move forward to these
new frontier opportunities, robotics or
neural net training or whatever it is, I
think the Chinese to a certain extent
view themselves as doing a disservice to
their own capability if they take the
best company in the world and say,
"Well, you're an American, which
therefore means you're evil and
therefore means you can't be here, so
get out and we're just going to try to,
you know, make things work on our on
it's it's not a good way for the and
that's not the way the Chinese have
historically functioned. um at least in
in my opinion. Now obviously there are
you know maybe national security or
geopolitical concerns. Um one thing I
can say is when I'm in China and have
conversations with people they are sort
of shocked and a little bit sad. Um,
when I talk to them about the the way
that average people in the US, I think
it you just find some random person on
the street in the US and be like, "Is
China a threat? Is China an enemy? Is
China coming to eat your lunch?" Most
people would be like, "Yeah, yeah,
Democrat, Republican, doesn't matter."
Like, it's one thing everybody agrees
on. It's like, can't really trust those
Chinese. You don't know what's going on.
like you definitely don't want them to
have access to AI because they're gonna
use it against us or whatever. And that
same messaging
of the United States being this
existential threat to the security of
the Chinese
doesn't necessarily filter through to
the Chinese public.
So, when I'm having conversations,
one-on-one conversations with a Chinese
person and be like, "We're terrified of
you in the US, like we're pretty sure
you're trying to kill us. You're trying
to steal our stuff and take advantage."
People look at me like they're shell
shocked. It's sort of like, "You think
that about us?" Like, why? Why do you
think that? like at what point over the
last 30 years since China became part of
the WTO have you done anything but
benefit from this relationship like it's
very str like they're literally shocked
&gt;&gt; but they don't have the same
relationship with IP ownership right for
them fact
&gt;&gt; exactly for them what we call stealing
of IP or copying or whatever you want
doesn't have the same limit. And so I
think that's where the big discrepancy
comes from. Don't don't you agree?
&gt;&gt; Do do you know what the Chinese word for
R&amp;D is, Alex?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; It's it's replicate and duplicate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's Michael Dud's joke.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's true but I mean
it's also not um and there there are
absolutely like there was a
misunderstanding I think of the rules of
the road you know when when this goes
back to you know whatever the uh Bush
and Clinton era um maybe
even all the way back to the Reagan era
like you Soviet Union collapses Berlin
wall falls everybody assumes that
capitalism won and you socialism,
communism lost. And so everybody in the
west sort of comes to this collective
decision
unconsciously that everybody who was on
the other side of that wall must now
also believe that intellectual property
rights are the way to go and that
capitalism is great and that we're going
to operate based on the assumptions that
we in the west operate based on. And
then you go to China, open up factories,
start establishing supply chains,
assuming that everybody there knows the
rules, knows the way you're supposed to
behave. But they never said that and
nobody taught them. And so there are
things that happen in China with
regularity that people in the west would
be like this is like theft or graft or
you know whereas in China it's
It's wrong, I guess, but it's it's just
very different. And if we weren't
comfortable
with that, then we shouldn't have gone
in the first place. But now we did,
right? So like there I don't think
there's any putting that genie back in
the bottle unless you know you're
comfortable with billion% tariffs on
everything coming from China
and try to completely remake supply
chains. I don't know. This this
conversation is really going
far.
&gt;&gt; It's a good point because Tesla Elon
understood that he is willing and open
and he understands that people can
steal. It's open source. Go ahead, take
it. But I need in order for me to
compete, I'm going to have to do the
next thing. You guys got EVs. Okay, copy
me in EVs. Now I'm on to autonomous
driving. Now you're copying autonomous
driving. I'm on to Optimus. Copy him and
Optimus. I'm on to the next thing. I'll
always be ahead.
&gt;&gt; It's different. I think it's different
actually a little bit. So from setting
up manufacturing there multiple times.
First off to answer your question
Herbert, they're going they're going to
they're going to want Tesla to build
Optimus in China. The question is is
will our the US government allow Tesla
to build Optimus abroad? Is is there
going to be something with humanoids
given their strategic importance where
this is just not allowed? I think that's
going to be the thing. that China's
going to want Tesla to do this. Uh I was
enthralled when when Tesla set up their
first factory because from setting up
manufacturing this 51 49%
relationship with the joint venture it
was kind of unwritten that the the JV
partner in China works together works
alongside
the American company and there is a a a
free flow of knowhow that goes back and
forth and it's difficult to control and
you're right Alex it it's not like they
don't know what they're doing. It's just
they they do the same thing in China.
Inter China, China to China or China
working with another country. They do
the they do the same thing. So we put
oursel into their culture. This is how
they operate. So then we have to protect
ourselves and figure out how to protect
and encapsulate ourselves in that. And
it became very difficult. But you I
think the whole story is correct about
them wanting Tesla there to build
vehicles and that really helped them
build out their supply chain. Although
they were doing the work before Tesla
got there on the mineral side, on the
battery supply chain development side,
they were well actually well ahead of
Tesla. Uh and and quite frankly they
caught up to the Japanese during that
that point in time. It is an interesting
discussion. It could go on for a long
period of time, but I think with the
humanoid conversation, this could be a
whole part two. There's going to be a
hundred or a thousand companies trying
to build a humanoid, but when you put
that human humanoid through the filter
and say, who's going to actually have
one that you want to buy that's very
capable? Who's going to actually really
have the real AI brain? And then who can
actually make it? the the the number of
companies that get through that filter
is may fit on one or two hands.
&gt;&gt; Yep, I agree with you. And uh yeah, it
was Yeah, there's a lot of there's a lot
of things that you said there that that
I 100% agree with. Um and on the on the
supply chain stuff on the upstream, um I
still remember pre-Tesla, so I was
covering uh I started a Piper in 2008.
So between 2008 and 2013 when we closed
our Hong Kong office, I was in China all
the time, like 50% of the time probably.
And I was talking to dealers, talk going
to mines, going to ports, and um I was
covering BYD, I was covering Glee. Like
these companies aren't brand new. Some
of the other ones, Xpong and um you
know, Neo, Leap Motor, these companies
are post Tesla companies, right? that
basically grew up in a post-Tesla era
with a company to copy. But a lot of
these other companies existed pre-Tesla
and they were copying the 20th century
supply chain and they were just garbage
companies and they were trying to make
EVs
and you could read Bloomberg articles or
whatever and be like, "Oh, you know,
there's so many EVs in China and it's
great." And so I would go talk to these
dealers and be like, "Show me all these
EVs that are apparently selling like
hotcakes." and people would say no and
it's all it's all smok and mirrors. It's
just crap. There's you know
subsidization that's taking place.
People are you know basically you tell
the government that it cost you this
much to build the EV but really it only
cost you this much and you know then you
would get the get a subsidy for that
Delta. You would have to build cars but
you would sell them to your cousin who
you know you know manages some
stateowned contractor or whatever. You
buy a thousand EVs. you take that
subsidy, you split it between you and
you dump the EVs in the ocean or
whatever.
&gt;&gt; Um, like so there was a lot of things
like that going on. And so I would come
back from these trips to China and be
like, "Don't believe the Bloomberg
article. There's nothing going on in
China. Like the the EV stuff is, you
know, fake." Um, and it's actually true.
Nobody wanted those products. But the
thing that I missed at that time, which
was a huge oversight in in hindsight, is
that upstream of those vehicles that
nobody wanted were actual lithium
refineries and actual graphite
refineries that I mean those people like
there was they would build a factory,
they would get paid, so they don't care.
Um, and now whatever. All of those all
of those materials, you can only get
them refined in China. Um,
so they were playing a very long game.
And then when Tesla came, the Chinese
government basically said, "Okay, we're
going to start pulling the rug
underneath you guys. We're not going to
subsid subsidize these EVs into
perpetuity, but now you have a company
to copy like an actual like this
company. I don't know what is they're
doing, but people are voluntarily buying
these cars overseas. It's a good brand.
It's good, you know, it's good design,
whatever. we're going to allow them to
come in 100% facility and not a 50-50
joint joint venture. And then three,
four, five years later,
Neo, uh, Lee Auto, Leap Motor, Xpong,
all of these companies, in-house
electrical architecture,
you know, do your own ship. If I mean,
Xiaomi is bas like a lot of these
companies are basically just look like
Model X or Model 3s and Model Y's. Um,
and so yeah, but they can do it with a
Chinese cost structure and a supply
chain that only exists in China. And I
missed I miss.
&gt;&gt; And I don't know whether you have been
in Europe lately. I I just come back
from Italy.
&gt;&gt; I'm on my way there on Saturday.
&gt;&gt; Well, there you will see. So in Italy
there were Omoda, never heard of it
before. Looking great. You have the BYD
SUVs everywhere and parked next to BMWs
and Mercedes. You don't see a difference
costing half the price. I mean, Italy
has very few Teslas and they love their
German brands, but I've never seen so
many Chinese cars in Italy like the last
two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's amazing that the the export
juggernaut that they have built. Um
&gt;&gt; but I honestly I you're right like they
were working on the supply chain prior
to Tesla's arrival, but um I don't think
we're having this discussion right now.
uh about Chinese cars in Europe were it
not for Tesla coming into China back
then.
&gt;&gt; Agree. I think we should do a part two
&gt;&gt; because there will be so many things
happening in a couple of weeks and
months
&gt;&gt; months. I mean we could we could do one
of these every day.
&gt;&gt; I think we can. Alex, again, thank you
very much. I learned a lot. Appreciate
what you've shared with the audience.
Your background in obviously deep dive
Tesla, deep dive China is so valuable.
Um, and I know you'll be working on
SpaceX shortly. You'll be forced to.
&gt;&gt; I hope one way or another, if it merges,
&gt;&gt; you're forced. There's no doubt about
it. You'll be done in a month. But, uh,
first of all, this, uh, thank you, by
the way, for doing some of the parts,
doing discounted cash flow. Thank you.
Gosh, we're so tired of talking to
analysts who, well, PE ratio, this, and
that. Thank you for doing this. Then we
can go and quibble with you about the
lines. How does audience
&gt;&gt; I hope I am. I hope I am wrong.
How does the audience get a hold of this
of this uh report? Should I post it
somewhere? Can I post it or should I
send people to your website or something
that How do they get hold of this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't I don't know what the
official channel is, honestly. Um maybe,
yeah, as far as I'm concerned, you can
send it out. Um but, uh maybe I can send
you a link or I can I can ask. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Better ask.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Alex. Uh wonderful
conversation. Appreciate you.
&gt;&gt; It was it was good to meet you guys. I'
I've met Alexandra in person before, but
um
&gt;&gt; and if you want to discuss governance,
pick up the phone.
&gt;&gt; I I will do that.
&gt;&gt; You'll be bored to death. Hang out with
me.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; See how he is.
&gt;&gt; Teach me China every day. This guy,
&gt;&gt; it is constant. Alex.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; You're the queen. Thanks everybody.
Bye-bye.
&gt;&gt; Bye.
&gt;&gt; Byebye.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.