Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon Wins in Court While Analysts Stay Clueless
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pdrUxpJ4Fk
Published:   2026-04-04 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-04 18:52 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

there is uh an opportunity to uh have
Randy on to discuss what is going on.
What is going on? I don't know, man.
There are smart people saying dumb stuff
about Tesla and I don't care for it. Not
one bit. Uh we've got judge.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The first thing I noticed this
morning was that multiple people are
saying that uh FSE version 14.3 is out.
&gt;&gt; Uh that the employees are are getting
the 14.3. And so it's only a matter of
days before maybe the rest of us will be
getting 14.3.
&gt;&gt; I suspect that this could be
&gt;&gt; April 1st.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, so I was of that opinion this
morning as well, but it does appear that
there is a very real possibility that
the announcement we saw from
Omar was that it's going to have all
kinds of features that cannot humanly
exist.
&gt;&gt; I see. Okay,
&gt;&gt; I get it. That's fun. But that
announcement also came last night.
Today's announcement looks like it comes
from Elon and it's more tempered. It's
more measured. It says it's already out
to employees. Oh,
&gt;&gt; and it's and it's better
&gt;&gt; and that we may see it as soon as this
weekend.
&gt;&gt; So, if Elon is saying that on April 1st,
&gt;&gt; that guy doesn't joke around ever. Not
once. Not once. So, uh yeah, that's what
we're talking about is all of the crazy
dumb big stuff. Uh, so it is a bit of
fun. Uh, I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza
on the go. Uh, so speaking of on the go,
did you know that uh in Moskegan on uh
June 5th and 6th, we're having a big
event with the Tesla Owners Club of
Michigan summer meetup. Join us, won't
you? Simon will be providing the light
show. Don't miss it. That is that is uh
not a request. That is an order. Uh, do
not miss it. Uh, yeah, tickets on sale
now, I believe. And there's also a
Friday evening meet and greet with the
super cool folks like me. Uh, but also
the other ones who are actually cool.
Now, I know we said dumb people say dumb
stuff, so I'm just going to throw this
out there. Tesla ending production of
the two best vehicles of all time, says
Ross Gerber. Why? Why does it matter? I
mean, like, I get it, but they're really
great cars, but you have to also sell
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, uh, you know, there's a a
time for everything, and everything has
its time. Um, and you have to look at
what your gross revenues are. You have
to look at what your net revenues are
uh, prior to overhead. You got to look
at what kind of money you might need to
spend in the future in order to upgrade
them to to bring them into the modern
world. And what do you think that'll do?
Do you think that'll get you back up to,
you know, 20,000 cars a year or 50,000
cars a year? If not, then it's time to
say, "It's been lovely, but see you
later." I think the only way to produce
incandescent light is through the
constant strategic incremental
improvement of the candle.
I don't know if that's going to work. I
think that you have to sometimes shift
gears and rethink it from scratch. The
Cyber Cab was a rethink. The Cyber Truck
was a rethink. Model 3 and Y and those
before it less of a rethink, more of a
stepping stone, more of a bridge from
hither to thither. I think that is the
correct terminology.
&gt;&gt; Undoubtedly, yes. Yes. Technical
technical words. Yes.
&gt;&gt; I don't expect lay folk to understand
all of the lingo, but uh here we are.
So, yeah, very sad to get the email from
Tesla at the end of production of SMX.
the two best vehicles of all time. You
don't think the three or why are are I
mean
&gt;&gt; I think well so you you know when you're
talking about the best of anything you
can't do it in without inserting the
cost. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, you can make I think uh
isn't it uh some company called Lucid? I
think they're called Lucid. And some
people some people say that their car is
absolutely amazing that it's better in
many ways than Tesla. And then there's
some people that say that about Rivian's
top of the line. I forget what they even
call it, but they
&gt;&gt; Well, the R1S is a fantastic car.
&gt;&gt; If if you're looking for a car that
doesn't have FSD, aka just a car, which
most buyers are. Even most Tesla buyers,
even in the US, we're only at something
like 20% FSD adoption, which is crazy to
me, but okay. If you're looking at just
a car, the Rivian and the Lucid are just
cars, but very good cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the people who say, "I want
500 miles of range." My brother, you can
have it. You can have it right now.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, not at that price.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; There it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And besides, listen, none of these
cars, I guarantee you probably even the
ones over in China that everybody's
talking about, the Chapang or Xiaomi.
Xiaomi and the You say Chapang, I say
Xbang.
&gt;&gt; Um,
I don't think any of those have fart
mode. I don't I think this pretty good
chance. Not a single one. Does anybody
anybody else?
&gt;&gt; No. So, what they have is on the
headlights and tail lights, you can
program text to just say the word fart.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I feel like that's the same.
&gt;&gt; That's not nearly as cool. I've told
Have I told you the story about the two
old ladies in my daughter's
neighborhood?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; They were really stuffy old ladies.
Christian, she said, "You know, these
these uh these two old ladies, they've
never given us the time of day." and
we're sitting there in the car as they
walked by. And so I just tapped a couple
of farts and they burst out laughing.
They doubled over. They came back and
now they're friends. So you see, nobody
else has this tech.
It's bringing the world together, folks.
I don't know what else to tell you. Uh
and that's absolutely literally the
truth. Hey, uh you know, I love to poke
the fool. And I don't mean one specific.
I mean the entire entity. How much
further could Tesla's stock fall?
Margins are shrinking stock. Yet the
stock remains priced for perfection. Oh
man, it's been a painful start for Tesla
down 1%. With shares trading at about
356.
I looked earlier today and it appeared
to be up a little today.
&gt;&gt; 381 I think would be the number.
&gt;&gt; 381.
&gt;&gt; 381. So it's up you know more than 10%
since this article which was yesterday.
So that's uh the fool needs news.
Shrinking margins and sky high
valuation. So high in fact that it's
beyond the atmosphere, beyond the
stratosphere. It is halfway to the moon
where Tesla intends to have chips
operating uh because they are partnered
with SpaceX on the chip fabrication
thing and that is one of the places they
plan to deploy them. So, am I missing
anything there? Uh, am I the fool,
Randy?
&gt;&gt; Well, I want to go back. I believe I
said this. This show started in November
of 2022.
I want to think that maybe in January of
2023, I said this for the first time. If
you think that there will be robo taxis
on the road without drivers, without
riders, without hitchhikers, just with
you as a passenger, if you think there's
going to be robo taxis all over the
planet, uh g getting fairs, um then you
should buy Tesla.
&gt;&gt; If you do not believe that, then you
shouldn't buy Tesla.
&gt;&gt; It seems straightforward when you say
it. I'm seeing a lot of of people on
social media saying the data compute
constellation will never work. It'll
never happen and here's the reasons XYZ.
And I go then what do you care? Like if
the if the bean counters are going to
veto it, just wait for them to veto it.
I've seen some real crazy stuff out
there uh proposed uh whether it's in
terms of a city park or some kind of uh
project where I go ah I'll just wait to
hear it's been cancelled because
sometimes things are sometimes things
are just dumb.
&gt;&gt; They sound like a great idea and uh yeah
they don't necessarily work. So I don't
I don't know on that. Uh but hey uh did
you know that good news can exist? It
can. Dumb people saying dumb things.
Judge has reassigned cases following
allegations of bias. And I wouldn't say
allegations. I'd just say bias.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because there was a post mocking Elon on
LinkedIn. My first problem is she's on
LinkedIn. uh and uh she went ahead and
reacted to it with an emoji because
that's the sign of a of a of an unbiased
arbiter
&gt;&gt; is yes
&gt;&gt; is I mean I don't care how
&gt;&gt; like you are an HR nightmare my friend
what are you doing um
&gt;&gt; well you know um I don't know about you
I maybe I'm all by myself on this but
I've been reading for I don't I know 20
years now that you really need to be
careful. Congratulations.
&gt;&gt; What you post?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's good. Um you
really have to be careful what you post
on social media. I just, you know, it I
know Elon doesn't he doesn't care, you
know, but he is the richest guy in the
world and owns, you know, two trillion
dollar companies. So maybe it's not as
consequential for him. Although it's
consequential for our shareholders from
time to time. She hasn't learned
anything from Elon. She hasn't learned
anything from all the people that have
been warning her over the years. And
she's a judge.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's it's fun. She has some
fun. Um yeah, she she but she's hasty to
point out that she is not biased. Uh
which is pretty dumb. The motion for
recusal rests on a false premise that I
support a LinkedIn post about Mr. Musk,
which I do not in fact support. I am not
biased against the defendants in these
actions. In fact, I dismissed a suit
against him just last year. Motion for
recusal is denied, but the cases will
now be overseen by three other judges.
She noted that disproportionate media
attention surrounding her handling of
the case would be detrimental to the
administration of justice. No, my
friend, you are detrimental to the
administration of justice. as a reminder
in her uh uh opinion that rescended his
pay package, she literally said no one
should get paid this much money.
&gt;&gt; Well, she said if you're already this
rich, she said somebody that's rich.
That was what she said. Somebody that's
rich doesn't need more money. Doesn't
need this. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Shouldn't get it.
&gt;&gt; That's you know the
&gt;&gt; that was the opening line. Opening line
in her opinion. It wasn't even buried.
It was that's where she started.
So dumb. So dumb. Uh, but again, this
whole topic is about dumb people saying
dumb things. I got one more big dumb one
for you.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And tell me if this is correct. Tesla
bets big on driverless future.
&gt;&gt; Maybe.
&gt;&gt; What? Yes. Oh my gosh. You cracked the
code. You cracked the code. Tesla's
begun producing its cyber cab a fully
autonomous steering wheel don't tell you
know who vehicle designed for ride
hailing at its Austin factory. The move
marks a strategic pivot towards AIdriven
mobility and poses a direct challenge to
Uber andyft. Regulatory approval and
public trust remains significant hurdles
before the car can see widespread use.
Do you think public trust is a hurdle?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Uh, listen, uh, there's going
to be people five years from now that
will still go, I'm not going to get in
one of those. There are probably, I
don't know, Elon used the elevator
analogy the other day, and I'm old
enough to have ridden on elevators where
you had an operator, and the operator
would come down and it would go a little
bit too low, and they would crank it
back the other way. It would come back
and miss it again on the high side and
then they'd crank it back and finally it
would be level and then you could get
out and go, you know. But uh but there
were people that were probably, you
know, frightened to death about the idea
of getting on one that would do better
job than that automatically without
anybody controlling it. So yeah, I I
would say 10 years from now, five years
from now at least, there will be people
say, "No, I'm not getting one of those."
&gt;&gt; In my entire life, I don't think I've
ever seen an elevator door open with a
mismatch of levels greater than an inch.
Uh but with humans of course you know uh
it's an analog solution to a digital
problem. You're going to run into some
challenges there at times. Um now we are
not close to the end of the show just
yet. Uh but I did want to mention you
can support me if you feel like if you
can uh do one of these many great
methods that is how I am able to
continue uh doing the show. And uh of
course you can also subscribe. Hey
thanks. That's an adorable one. I
appreciate it. Um, so looking at it,
we've got some fun comments here.
Betting against Elon is insane. I think
that's also true. I love when Elon
proves me wrong. You can't you can't
land rockets. And I have said before
that they weren't saying you couldn't
land rockets. We know you could land
rockets. They were saying you couldn't
do it profitably without a substantial
uh loss of payload capacity.
um you need to be able to launch an
entire I mean if you're going to add all
that weight, the legs, the guidance, all
that. The penalty in terms of cargo is
going to be too great. Of course,
someone disagreed with me. I asked him
to help me find the links and I've never
heard from him since. So, I'm confident
uh that he is in space now. So, that is
unfortunate. He will be missed. Let's
see. Yeah. So, uh, in terms of bad
predictions, have we heard any bad
predictions about what to expect from
this year's deliveries? I'm hearing
things like it's uh because automotive
sales are trending down because the
trend of meat driven cars is going down,
therefore Tesla is bad.
&gt;&gt; Well, you've heard all kinds of things.
I I interestingly just this morning
there was uh some doom and glooming you
know kinds of Zachs uh came out with a a
piece uh you know with a note saying oh
yeah it's going to be a horrible year.
&gt;&gt; Well in the same morning all of the
numbers started coming out in Europe and
in China. Now we don't have the uh I at
least I don't have them yet on the Tesla
China numbers but the but the rest of
the numbers like Neo etc etc several of
them were up now some some of those were
down
&gt;&gt; uh in fact BYYD was down but in Europe
Tesla was up in France they were up in
the Netherlands they were up in Sweden
they were up in Portugal they were up in
Spain I mean just go down the list they
were up up and it wasn't like 5% 10% it
was 100% it was 200%
So, uh, yeah, as of this morning, uh,
people,
uh, are already having to lick their
wounds for having predicted a a bad
month for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know if you put out
prediction numbers by, if you're
watching this live, uh, the numbers come
out tomorrow morning. I will be live
streaming that. If you're watching this
on the replay, they're already out and
we look a little silly perhaps, but this
is I said uh production of uh deliveries
of 372, production of 382.
I know I'm higher than a lot of folks,
but we saw big surges in uh a number of
markets, and I believe those outweigh
the faltering numbers in others. And
this would only be 10%ish higher than
one year ago in Q1 when we were in the
midst of a uh of a reamp of a uh of
downtime. So I think that my numbers are
not remotely crazy. I hope
&gt;&gt; so. We have the we have the market
saying 367. We've got Troy Teslike,
which I would not be reporting on
because I got the money, the numbers
from his my Patreon with him, and he
says, "Don't report it." Except Sawyer
Mayer already reported it. Therefore,
&gt;&gt; 375 is where Troy is. And then you got
also this morning, uh, Cat coming out
this morning at 390, I believe. So, uh,
and those are credible, you know,
guesses because they both spent some
time really trying to come up with the
right number. So, we could be at 390.
That would be a would be a pretty darn
good number. Um, and I think Troy is 410
on production, which is interesting.
&gt;&gt; That's a gap. That's a gap. I don't I
don't think they have that many units
needed to restock.
&gt;&gt; And also on other SX and and Cybertruck,
um, we know the inventory is diminished,
diminished to almost nothing. Delivery
times have been quite long. So, I don't
know if they're rebuilding that much.
And actually, I think my numbers were
382, 392. 382 deliveries, 392. So, I'm
still above Troy, but below cat. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And I and I'm comfortable being in that
spot.
&gt;&gt; Um, these are numbers that I shared with
Peggy yesterday. He's the only one who
gets my numbers ahead of publication, so
we can put them in the mix.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, uh,
&gt;&gt; so then I did it a little differently. I
don't think anybody else did it this
way. I took the two the two quarters the
third quarter and the fourth quarter
because typically you have a fourth
quarter very very high end of the year
Christmas all these reasons you the
numbers jump up so typically you can
take the fourth quarter and predict the
first quarter by just subtracting 27%.
And you go back 10 years, it averages
27% between the fourth and the first.
But this year, the fourth was crushed
down because the third was amplified up
because the end of the money, you know,
coming in for the tax uh uh situation.
So you get you So what I did was I
averaged those two together. I said,
"Okay, take the average of those two,
count that as December, take away 27%,
you would get to 345."
So the 345 number would be what you
might expect given the normal drop
between December, between third, fourth
quarter and first quarter. So anything
over that should be a win. Um, and also
take into consideration that the 371 was
the number on the streets just a week
ago.
&gt;&gt; 371 was the number on the street a week
ago
&gt;&gt; and they've increased it to 377
I think something like that.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. The
&gt;&gt; compiled consensus I
&gt;&gt; sorry I might be 10 I think I'm off
10,000 36. Yeah 3601
and now it's 367. Yeah. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so they're scaling it up. My
question to you is if full meat driven
cars are nearing the end, where does
that put Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Well, in good shape.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I would argue that uh if you're
looking for the pickle, uh it doesn't
come on this meat sandwich. It's uh
we're talking full self-driving here,
guys. Autonomy is the future. It may
take some time for the word to get out.
There may be those people who are
uncomfortable with it, who are going to
wait. I know people who still oppose
things like smartphones. That's great.
But you have been left behind. Uh we all
now know things that you don't. We have
access to the sum of human information
and misinformation right at our
fingertips. Sometime sometimes that
happens where people will get inside a
bubble and think that everyone thinks
like them and then they get out in
public and realize oh wow my jokes don't
land because you don't watch the same
channel as me which is
&gt;&gt; so so you know with the with any
disruption uh for people who haven't
been watching uh you know over the years
this whole theory of disruption uh that
has been put put for forward things
disrupt in a pattern. It takes X number
of years typically and then you get to
10% disruption, 20, 50, and then at a
certain point you're basically over the
it's going to be all up and to the
right. It's an S-curve. Starts off slow,
goes up.
&gt;&gt; A scurve.
&gt;&gt; A scurve. Yes, it is a scurvy.
&gt;&gt; So, but anyway, um what I'm wondering is
I think we've hit this this process in
different countries at different times.
So, you know, we've got Norway, some of
those uh countries up in Northern
Europe, they're
climbing that S-curve really fast.
You've got China that's at almost 50%
now on the combination of EVs and and be
and uh hybrids. Uh you've got
California, which is up in the 20s, you
know. So there's different places are
doing different things, but I'm thinking
this new gas shock is going to push us
up just another slot, especially in
Europe. We we shall