Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How AI Will BOOST Your Power by 10,000x (THIS YEAR)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFSzhhSmYDc
Published:   2026-04-05 22:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-05 22:54 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We live in the age of AGI. Artificial
intelligence and very soon, if not
already, artificial general intelligence
is changing everything. But people are
very confused about what it actually
means. And we here in Pioneer Lands, in
the Pioneer Academy, are going to take a
closer look at this crazy phenomenon.
and we are going to initiate as you see
this video one of the most exciting
research endeavors ever on AGI. So let
me explain what the situation is out
there in the world, why it affects you
and me and why it's transforming the
economy like crazy and what we are going
to do about it. AI and that is our
prediction is going to 10,000 times
increase productivity by 2027. In case
you didn't notice, that is next year.
And some people will say, "Joe, you're
crazy. How is this even possible?" Well,
I will go into exactly how it's possible
right here. And when I'm done, you're
very likely going to agree with me. AI
is the most important invention in our
history, in human history. Because for
the first time, it is actually not a
tool. It is not a technology. It is a
thing maybe a being who knows that
replaces and over supersedes the most
important human trait when it comes to
the engineering and the manipulation of
reality itself and that is intelligence.
Intelligence is not a tool. It is much
more than that and that is why AI is
fundamentally different. And we see the
first inklinks of that true difference
from any other technology already in
some charts. And I'm just going to show
you some charts so we can get better a
bit better feel of what is actually
going on here. First of all, the revenue
explosion. Despite people saying, "Oh,
it's all a bubble." When you look at
anthropic open AI, you see the greatest
and fastest revenue ramps in the history
of the economy, in the history of human
civilization. No one can deny that. This
company started at effectively zero
revenue in 2022, 2023, zero revenue. And
only 3 years later, Anthropic is hitting
19 billion, OpenAI is hitting 25
billion. And you see the curves, they
are going exponential. There is no
insight. And it's actually so big that
they are already superseding and
exceeding many of the largest companies
on earth in just a few years time.
We also see a new M's law for AI agents.
Maybe you know M's law, right? The
doubling of compute capacity every other
year. And here you see the length of
tasks AI can do. Why is this so
important? And what does it mean? It
means if you give an AI agent a task,
for example, code me a website that does
ABC, right? It used to be in 2022 that
it can only do that task for 30 second.
30 seconds and then it basically stops
doing the coding tasks because it's
getting confused. It can't stay focused.
But today we already see that we
exceeding an hour and more. And that is
crazy when you think about it. It means
for an hour a massive amount of agents
can focus on a coding task and complete
it with increasing power. An hour of
concentrated strategic work. Most
importantly, you see the curve. You see
where this is ending. Very soon it will
be a day and then a week and then a
month and then many years
of focused AI compute and coding. One
command and it just goes off and does
the job. And you see it with open claw.
You see it with all these new agents.
Most people are not even aware of what's
happening as we speak. We are in an
exponential curve upwards of these
capabilities. And that has tremendous
implications. Most human workers can't
even focus for a day on a task. They
need commands. They need instructions.
That is why they're employees and not
entrepreneurs or CEOs. Even many CEOs
need to be kicked in the butt and told
what to do by the board every quarter or
so, maybe every second week. So the fact
that these AI agents have these
capabilities is just crazy when you
think about it. And of course all of
this is reflected in the underlying
economics of some of the great companies
of our time like Nvidia, the world's
largest company right now. That is the
revenue of Nvidia in billions of
dollars. The AI revolution started in
2023 and in earnest Nvidia started to
grow like crazy then 58 billion 85
billion going towards close to $200
billion. So there is no end in sight
because Nvidia supplies the chips the
compute power for the age of AGI that is
happening as we speak. And all of these
curves are not normal curves by the way.
The magnitude of these numbers
combined with the magnitudes of this
growth are completely unprecedented.
That never happened before. It never
happened before that we see so much cash
generation. This is real revenue on that
scale. That is already a small country
in revenue. Soon it's going to be a
midsize country next year. After that,
it's going to be closing in on a
trillion per year being one of the
largest economies on earth. Just one
company, Nvidia, and many others going
to follow. That is going on here. You
see annualized revenue in millions of
dollars for and the median numbers of
months for the AI companies versus SAS
companies. So the software as a service
sector, the internet basically internet
business models, they needed much longer
to get to the same amount of annualized
revenues than the average AI company.
Median number, right? So in order to for
a startup to hit $30 million in revenue,
the median, it's only 20 months for an
AI company. It used to be 60 65 months
for a SAS company. That level of
acceleration tells you how much more
advanced AI is. So what does it all
mean? And what does it mean for us? It
means that now when we look at the under
analying technology and what's going on,
we have entered the age of aentic AI.
That happened last year 2025, maybe
middle of the year, but now we in the
middle of this. And the enentic age is
so different from the age before because
now AI becomes kind of conscious. It
becomes actionable. It becomes helpers,
not just analyst. It's not just a chat
that chats with you. It takes action.
Open claw is the most famous example.
Now you can tell an AI to actually go
out and do research. You can even go
out, tell it to go out and build a
company. You can tell it to go out and
be your assistant. You can tell it and
go out and collect the most important
news. That's what we are doing here at
the Pioneer Academy and some of our uh
segments, research topics where AI just
goes out and and collects the most
important news on humanoid robots on
many other topics. I will show you later
how this looks like. And that is crazy
because the agents become more powerful.
You can also tell it well come up and
execute on a business. Here's my bank
account. Here's my emails. I want you to
create a business for shoes. Figure out
where to find the shoes. Who wants the
shoes? Craft the marketing plan. Launch
the whole thing. Set up the website. Set
up the bank accounts. Collect the money.
Get me customers. Do all of that stuff.
I don't even want to know the details.
Just deliver me money into my account.
We are very close to that point. Some
people already did it. There's this
crazy story in New York Times about
these guys who started selling ompic
like him hers and they made $1.8 billion
which is crazy absolutely crazy in a few
months just with agents. So that is the
technology we're looking at now and the
economic impact. Now we get to the meat
why this is so important. How can we
assess this impact and what does that
actually mean besides giving us
opportunities to start giant businesses
with only one person or two people?
Well, when I look at AGI and we look at
what the actual impact is and how we
measure that impact, it all comes down
and that is the central metric for me to
even talk about artificial general
intelligence. Of course, some academics
like Leon and these people they're
saying it's not AGI, it's dumb, it can't
do ABC. I don't care. This is about
money. This is about real world impact.
This is about economics. Artificial
general intelligence. How I define it
and determine it is economic artificial
general intelligence. I don't care if
this thing is dumb or conscious or not
conscious. I care about is this thing as
good or better than a human laborer in a
specific job vertical. Because in order
to be better than a human, better than
the median worker in that space, you
need to have generalized intelligence.
Think about a doctor. To beat a doctor,
not just one task, you need to be able
to do all kinds of things and know a lot
of things about all kinds of things. to
beat an attorney, to beat an auditor, an
accountant, investment banker, to beat a
marketing specialist, you need something
like generalized intelligence. And that
is what we are looking at. And what we
see right now is we at the inflection
point where this actually becomes
possible where the median AGI agent is
already better than the median doctor. I
hate to say it, they will be screaming
out there, but it's just a fact. They're
already better than the median lawyer.
We are right at the precipice of this.
Maybe it takes another 30 days to get
there. But we are in the middle of that
transition to hit the median. And once
this happens, maybe it takes another 6
months, who cares? It's going to happen
this year for the majority of white
collar jobs. And once this happens, and
that's exactly I will go into what we're
doing now to actually capture that
transformative timeline in higher
accuracy to have a predictive model here
in Pioneer Lands in the Pioneer Academy.
That's our job to predict the future by
understanding these things and then
projecting the timelines from here from
this AGI inflection point where AI beats
the median human in the key white collar
segments of the economy. We will see a
massive absolutely massive
transformation of the economy. There are
good sides to that and there are very
bad sides to it. The good news is for
everyone who's a pioneer who everyone
for everyone who wants to do something
for everyone who wants to change the
world somehow who has a vision of the
future that is a better future for us
the humans whoever has that better
vision for the future is going to be
very happy about that because once you
have a better vision of the future you
have a purpose you want to get there and
you're unhappy with the current
situation whatever that is of course we
have grander plans at Pioneer Lands we
want to build something not just a
stupid little business we want to build
a new civilization
to revive a real highquality
civilization, high progress, high
civilization. That's why I don't see any
downside to this whole thing. I need
more capabilities because we have a lot
to do. So for the people who have a lot
to do, who have a clear vision of what
needs to happen, who are unhappy with
the status quo, for them this is a
complete gold mine because now everyone
everyone
can get thousands of highly specialized
employees. I can get architects. I can
get psychological and sociological
experts. I can get philosophers who are
really good philosophers. I can get
investment bankers. I can get
economists. I can get whatever I want
for 20 bucks a month. Maybe 200 bucks a
month. Maybe a,000 bucks a month. But
all of them together.
Everyone can now build complex systems.
We can all go to space or each of us can
go to space. We can build massive
technology companies and even
civilizations which is my favorite
pastime to engineer new civilizations
together with you of course but before
that was very hard now it's very easy we
just have to do it so that is the good
news
of this AGI situation because the whole
point is and we getting to the 10,000 I
promised you to explain how we get to
10,000x
productivity gain here's how imagine the
cost for a specialist list goes from
$200,000
to 20 bucks, right? 20 bucks a year in
this case, but when you think about how
many specialists you can get for even 20
bucks a month, you can easily get 12
specialists to make this math work. So,
and they would normally cost $200,000 or
more. The stuff that I make Claude and
Grock do right now would cost me at a
minimum 200,000 bucks per team member
and I would need many team members. Now
I get it for 20 bucks a month or maybe
90 bucks claude and whatever 40 bucks
Grock. You get the point. It is 10,000x
because I can get actually more than 12
employees. So it's very simple math to
understand and quantify the whole
situation with AGI. You need to
normalize the whole thing to jobs. You
need to normalize it to the question how
much would you pay a human specialist of
the same caliber like as this AI and the
same speed of course. How much would you
pay? And I can tell you with absolute
certainty, in order for me to get done
what I'm getting done right now, would I
pay 10,000 times more money normally?
And the answer is absolutely yes.
Absolutely yes. Absolutely. If I pay
a,000 bucks right now per month,
normally I would have to pay 10 million
bucks. That actually makes sense. I
would not get away with what I'm doing
now for less than 10 million a month.
Absolutely no way. I have a whole coding
team. I'm building Pioneer Lens, the
Pioneer Academy. I'm reviewing all kinds
of very complicated economics models.
I'm doing all kinds of YouTube editing.
We are having a whole news team in the
open claw agent crowd that we are using
right now. It's ridiculous. I would pay
so much money I could even like this is
ridiculous. This is a hund00 million
startup. So that is what I mean. And
we're not even close to utilizing this
whole thing. Our constraint right now is
just hiring the agents and make them do
stuff and coming up with the visions
with the imagined future. That is the
new bottleneck that I actually have to
use my imagination. So what do I
actually want? Cuz now everything comes
comes becomes real. That is the $10,000
reduction at 10,000x reduction I'm
talking about and the 10,000x
productivity growth because that is
productivity. If you get the same thing
at 10,000 bucks uh times cheaper, you
have a productivity growth of 10,000x.
I'm not kidding. It is absolutely the
case. We basically removed the
constraints of human labor.
We removed the constraints of any
specialist. You can get whatever you
want as a specialist. Now you just have
to determine what you want. What is the
bad part of this whole thing? Well,
everyone is going to lose their job very
soon. I would estimate 50% of all jobs
are gone by 2030s. by 2030. Of course,
nearly all white collar jobs, the robots
will take more time, but we will see
this eating up into 5% plus of blue
collar by 2032. But the white collar
jobs will be gone even before. Of
course, you can tell I'm more busy than
ever before. If you're have a pioneering
mindset, if you're an entrepreneur, your
job is never going to get, you know,
gone because someone has to determine
what actually needs to happen and
envision this. And only humans should
make these decisions. But that's not a
job. That's an that's a calling or
whatever you call it. A job in the
conventional sense will be gone and our
universities our society are
fundamentally unprepared for this whole
thing. This is a very dramatic change as
you can imagine. And we are in the
middle of this whole thing. We are in
the middle of the most exciting and most
dangerous time for societal disruption
ever. And that is why we at the Pioneer
Academy and Pioneer Lands. You should go
to pioneerlands.org by the way are
working on a new system. Let me talk
about this for a second. AGI we have all
these different topics. We have robots,
we have autonomy, we have space, we have
AI blockchain, we have macro and then of
course we have the the civilizational
dimensions here starting with AI income.
How we generate income for entire
countries once the jobs are replaced and
most importantly how do we generate
income for ourselves now based on
capital stocks investing bonds and so
on.
back to AGI we will start and you can go
there it we are revamping this up every
day right now uh first of all we have
these cool live sessions uh you will see
when they're scheduled this one is
actually starting very soon I have to
stop the video in a second uh but
research our job now in this space and
this will be collaborative I want to
make it open source so all of you guys
can join but we are going to drive it
also with some internal people here each
of these 10 big themes AGI, robots,
autonomous transport, space AI,
blockchain AI, macro, AI income, and so
on. Each of them will have a system of
research where we build quantitative
models of reality of the future. We
model out exactly what's going to
happen. for example in AGI job
replacement AGI capability by job sector
and everyone can start working with us
on these models to make them smarter and
have the world's leading AI predictive
model on societal impact economic impact
and of course informing also then our
stock models because these predictions
feed directly into Nvidia chip demand
into Tesla chip demand into AMD Broadcom
and so on into open AI anthropic and so
on and so forth. We are building
basically the central central predictive
model. How what is the capability of
AGI? What jobs are affected? What
sectors are affected? What ch what piece
of the GDP and economy and from there
model it out very systematically and we
are going to do it collaboratively out
in the open because that affects us all
and to get the best model we need to get
the best minds on it. We have an
internal team to coordinate this and we
will then see and derive all the impacts
on stocks, on income, on trading, all
the fun stuff. But in the beginning, we
need to develop these powerful models.
That is our mission. The Pioneer
Academy. Go to pioneer.org. See you
there. And I will keep you updated. We
will also have more videos like this
explaining each of these sectors.
Robots, autonomous transport, ACI,
blockchain, finance, macro, and so on
and so forth. And I will explain in each
of them what the revolution is and why
it's so important. So I hope you enjoyed
this. This was interesting. See you in
pioneer lands.org
or tomorrow here on the channel. Until
then, bye.