Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock SURGES Back: PREPARE For The SpaceX IPO
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVjon6UUHu0
Published:   2026-06-08 20:01 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-09 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live on this beautiful
Monday, the beautiful Monday after the
dark dark Friday that was not a good day
in Pioneer Lands because we had a major
major day crash. I wouldn't even call it
stock market crash. It was more like a
very bad day crash negative 4.18%
down for the NASDAQ and that was not fun
to be at when you were leveraged into
Tesla. Tesla dropped nearly $30.
That was a tough thing to take.
Fortunately, I made the right
calls after being too exposed and that
was an interesting experience. Today of
course we saw
especially Tesla bouncing back very hard
way above the NASDAQ. The NASDAQ may I
remind you
went only back up 84 uh86%
after dropping these 4.18% on Friday. So
the recovery of the NASDAQ not too great
but Tesla looking much much stronger and
there are many reasons for it. Look at
this. This is what Tesla did. It was a
bad Friday, I tell you that. But we are
up with strength and there are reasons
for it. Because now comes the big
question in this all decisive week.
Let's take a step back before we jump
into the Tesla story and think about
what this week is about to bring. You
all know what it's going to bring. It's
going to bring the biggest IPO, initial
public offering in the history of
humanity. Of course, because Elon
doesn't do small things. When he does
something, it's always the biggest thing
that ever happened in history. I don't
know why. And that is exactly what's
going to happen
on Friday this week. And of course, you
know all the big story that number one,
SpaceX and Tesla are going to merge. We
don't know when the announcement will
be, but everyone knows it's going to
happen. Uh we also know that SpaceX is
valued pretty richly even though we are
working on the details and I posted
already on X telling everyone it's
actually a very interesting situation.
It's a super hyped up IPO where many
people think SpaceX is going to be too
highly valued. But the more we dig into
the model and the more we modeling it
out the more I think it might be the
most undervalued company ever.
So we have these two contradicting
forces. the highest biggest IPO ever,
super hyped up across the world. Retail
sucked into a super hyped up IPO and at
the same time maybe the most undervalued
company ever. Fascinating. I'm not going
to buy the IPO because I think the stock
will drop, but I'm getting more and more
convinced that the stock is absolutely
undervalued.
All of this, the biggest IPO in history,
pumped up by JP Morgan, Jaime Diamond,
the CEO of JP Morgan himself, took the
time to sit down with Elon and do all
these things, invited the entire
corporate elite and investor elite of
America. All of this is going to happen
on Friday. And this is very important
for our favorite stock Tesla because as
you know the theory goes around saying
people are going to sell Tesla to buy
SpaceX. And I was always skeptical about
this theory for many many reasons. But I
want to mention quickly what I think
actually is happening. When you look at
the IPO allocations, the brokers opening
up for you buying SpaceX, even if there
is a sell off of Tesla into the IPO,
that selloff very likely has already
happened because the sell off, if there
ever was one for SpaceX, people selling
Tesla shares to buy SpaceX, if it ever
happened, it happened last week because
who in their mind is going to sell Tesla
now after it has been opened people
would raise cash so that's my theory
more and more and that means
now we are looking at Tesla
from two important directions after the
ski might be over
we are looking at Tesla as a potential
takeover target by SpaceX which is a
very interesting situation because
everyone agrees even Alexander Mertz
probably
that the merger is going to be a
oneto-one merger or better for Tesla.
You know my case, I made the case. You
go back and watch the video if you
didn't see it. Got a lot of views. By
the way, the video where I'm talking
about that it's actually more likely
that it's not a one-on-one, but a one to
many merger where Tesla gets the
majority of the company. Very
interesting. But everyone agrees it's
not going to be a merger where SpaceX
gets the majority of the new company
because Tesla shareholders would just
vote against it.
But if that is true and Tesla trades
down here in an insanely cheap valuation
of an unbelievable $1.28 trillion, are
you kidding me? This is like a startup.
1.28 trillion. That's like anthropic.
So,
we're trading down here while SpaceX
will launch, no pun intended, on Friday
at 1.75 trillion. And if you ask me,
like the odds that this thing goes to
two trillion straight up on Friday is
like very high given the hype.
So, if there's a onetoone merger, of
course,
there will be a magnet effect on Tesla.
there will be a magnet effect. Now, am I
completely sure about this? I'm never
completely sure about anything or some
things but not stocks. So, no, I'm not
completely sure, but the odds are more
on the side of this serving as a magnet.
Given the certainty, near certainty of a
merger and the near certainty that this
merger has to be at least a onetoone
merger, we will see a magnet effect. if
he also sees SpaceX rise like crazy,
people will remember who's managing all
these companies and owning them, Elon
Musk. And that will have a halo effect
on Tesla. That is the first big driver
that I'm seeing for Tesla latest coming
week after this week when SpaceX
actually trades. But maybe starting this
week, maybe starting on Friday. That is
a bullish catalyst in my opinion. Very
likely, very bullish.
The tactical selling very likely not
going to happen. No one is going to
start selling Tesla after it goes
public. SpaceX. And then you know my
second big theory. My second big theory
completely orthogonal and independent
of this whole thing is of course the
theory that robo taxi is being prepared
for launch.
And as you see
the signs are accumulating all over the
United States. This is Seattle reported
by the Tesla newswire. There is a cyber
cap now in Seattle being observed and
photographed. So that's interesting.
Cyber caps all over the country from
Seattle all the way to the east coast.
And very importantly, you also see where
is this? You also see a huge parking
lot. It's right here. Parking lot. Much
more important than Seattle. a huge
parking lot
and you guys know that my theory is the
World Cup is starting and Dallas plays a
key role for the World Cup exactly this
week on Thursday then Friday and then
very big on the weekend. So we have a
very condensed crazy phase now where
both SpaceX goes public this giant deal
and the World Cup is starting which is
the perfect PR canvas for a launch. Not
a guarantee that this launch happens but
when you connect the dots people getting
hired all over the place. you know,
dozens and dozens and dozens of cyber
caps in Dallas, in Houston, in Austin,
being prepared, being parked, hundreds
of cyber caps across the country now in
parking lots and being prepared.
What does it all mean here? Ready for
prime time with even these wheel covers
in front.
Of course, the bears are going to say,
"Well, who cares, Joe? They have we have
seen it for a year now. Blah, blah,
blah. Nothing going to happen." It's
actually not true. Cyber Cap went into
production just two months ago, barely
two months ago. It's scaling as we
speak, as Joe Techmire can testify to,
and as we see the drone footage of Joe
all over X. So all of these things don't
guarantee anything, but I see many many
probability layers converging above each
other, stacked above each other and
converging into that probability
trajectory for June that something big
might happen. And if we connect all
these dots and then look at back at the
share price, here is what I'm going to
do.
I will get I will remain very bullish
even though it killed me on Friday. It
was a very bad day. I had to pull some,
you know, brakes, plugs, whatever you
call it, and mitigate. And it was a
really dark day. Now, we made up roughly
half of the losses today. Roughly half
of the losses, which is fine. If we
hover around here, because I go short
puts and everything, if nothing happens
from here and we stay at 410 until
Wednesday, I will recover
another 30%. Then I have recovered 80%.
which I would not have bet on on Friday.
So, it was coldblooded trading because I
predicted in the middle of fear and
total panic in the market, I predicted
and you guys know it on Sunday. I
predicted this is a phony selloff. It's
not real because all the bull parameters
are in place. We are in a bull market.
This was a tactical
breather of the NASDAQ
and we see it today. That was a pretty
good day today. So what I'm doing is I
remain cautious when I look at the put
premium is also the call premium is on
Friday. The SpaceX IPO is nearly priced
like an earnings call for Tesla. It is
very extreme the price and volatility
very significant not normal. So people
are scared that there's more selloff
coming. I just don't think it's very
likely and it's a tricky thing to play.
You need to be very cold-blooded and
precise. Don't do crazy things. Don't go
too much on margin. Stay wherever you
feel comfortable and be cautious.
Consider bad things can happen. But
but I think we are setting up here in a
way that makes me stay with my original
thesis for June that it is more likely
than not that within June, which is only
22 more days, we will see 490
I think that is the most likely outcome.
Give it probably a 70% chance, a high
chance. Most people think Joe is crazy.
I don't think Joe is crazy. I think Joe
is right. 70% means 30% chance it
doesn't happen. But given this whole
setup, I said it on Friday or Sunday,
wherever over the weekend, I told
everyone when they said, "Oh, Joe, you
were wrong. You said 490. We had 390."
said, "Dudes, it takes exactly three
days for Tesla to go from 390 to 490.
Exactly three days. You know, it's very
quick. Today, we had a day up 17. Now it
takes two more days and we at 490. All
you need is a catalyst. All you need is
100 cyber caps driving around
unsupervised. Boom. You're at 490 in two
days." So, never forget that. See the
big picture. So, that's what I'm doing
here. And what I'm preparing for, which
is difficult, right, because I like my
big Fed premiums with short puts, and
you don't get them if you sell 490
strike price puts. So, I need to stack
it a little bit. Uh, I'm right now I
mostly own right now 410 weekly puts
expiring on Friday, which have massive
premiums. So, if we stay at 48, 408 or
go to 410, I'm I'm making all the money.
If we go much higher before, I'm losing
alpha, right? Of course, I'm making the
same money, but I'm not not making more.
So then I need to start stacking, which
sometimes is a little difficult. So
that's the situation.
We will have to monitor the situation
very closely over the week because the
big question is what do I do on Friday?
How do we maintain Pioneer Alpha?
Uh by the way, if you're interested in
the Pioneer bonds, there are some
interesting thing. Go to
pioneeralpha.org.
I got a lot of requests from you guys,
from institutional investors,
uh, and from family office, from all
kinds of people who said, um, or not
from institutional, from family offices
and from people who professionally
manage money for other people. Um, that
pioneer bonds should be also available
in Roth IAS and IAS for the Americans
watching. And, uh, I totally agree. And
the problem is you need a self-directed
IRA. Uh, and most people have never done
that or they don't know how to do it.
So, we actually uh linked up with a firm
that I use personally
uh that will give you guys if you want
that a great discount.
I'm not getting paid obviously. We are
not taking money from anyone. But uh we
want to help everyone getting into
self-directed IAS because from there you
get a checkbook and an LLC and you can
direct your retirement money directly
into private investments from startups
to real estate to pioneer bonds. Very
important. There's no financial
relationship here. I'm not recommending
something because we're getting paid. I
never do that because I want to maintain
neutrality. But of course, I have a
vested interest in getting people into
self-directed RA. So, you can actually
get Pioneer Bonds tax free. Uh, but you
need your checkbook account. So, go to
pioneeralpha.org,
sign up with an account. We will have
that up probably on Wednesday or
something where you can see how to do
that. Even if you don't want to do
pioneer bonds tax-free and you want to
do other things taxree,
uh, we will have more content on that
because that's super important. and I do
it myself, it's like super awesome. Um,
even though for me it's not awesome
anymore because I'm not in America
anymore. So, I have my retirement
account over there. So, for me right now
it doesn't make much sense. But if
you're American and you want your
retirement account Roth or non-roth
self-directed,
go to pinealpha.org
right now. Even though it's not there
yet, on Wednesday we will have it in
your account. You can just create a free
account
and you have to be a credit investor by
the way in United States. And then we
will have a guideline thing there. It
costs 500 bucks uh year by the way.
That's the fee for these accounts, but
you will get a discount because we
negotiated a discount for you guys, not
for us. No money here, but
very important. So, we will make this a
whole thing in Pioneer Lands. It's very
important for people to understand
self-directed IAS. It opens up the whole
world of private investments.
As I mentioned, real estate, any real
estate deal, any deal you can do, as
long as it's passive and you're not
actively involved, you cannot benefit
from that personally. Of course, it's a
retirement account, but you can sign
your contracts, you can wire the money,
and it's all inside taxfree your
retirement account. It's very cool
stuff.
And these are, of course, uh registered
people. is the largest uh service
provider in the United States we're
doing this with and it's a custodian so
they're registered with the government
and everything.
So very cool just as a side note. So
that's the situation here on Tesla. So
I'm very bullish but I have to see how
we play the weekend because I do think
this weekend no guarantee but this
weekend will be interesting double
interesting. We have SpaceX out in the
open and we have the World Cup and we
have all these cyber caps running
around. So, the second half of June
could be the most interesting time so
far in 2026 for Tesla stock. And of
course, we're working on the SpaceX
story, too, and we'll bring it to you
very soon. So, let's go to the comments.
I made all my initial commentary here on
the situation.
Let's see.
Let the scrolling begin.
Let's scroll up to the beginning so we
don't forget anyone.
Great day, nice rebound, says Jeb B8158.
That's true. Uh Endo says hint pink
waving hand pink waving hand pink waving
back. I rebought the dip. Smart move.
Endo says I think we will go very hard
into calls expiring December. I'm
confident but will not go hard out of
the money. Well, yeah, this is a big
question. I don't like the short running
and short running means anything less
than 12 months calls because you lose so
much when you go sideways. But
Jack B says, "Me too. Picked up more
when I got down at 391." Well, you guys
are pretty cold bloodooded. Very good.
Day trading is working very well for me.
Sure. Be cautious. There's always a time
when it doesn't like manage your risk.
Nordic man says,
"Wow, there's a Norwegian that speaks
very well. Very good German." So, uh,
hey, hey,
Norway. I don't know. Do you guys say
hey? Uh, thank you for the Swedish
greeting yesterday. Well, here's another
one. Uh
uh we understand Swedish perfectly and
you said it well. Thank you.
Uh we had some German.
I love the Norwegians.
Uh
we had some German in school. No
init.
Very good.
Good to have the Norwegians here.
Um,
hello from Belgium from the French part.
Uh, Bonui, do you say that? Bonui, my
French is not very good. Uh, Joe, run to
$600. What do you think? Well, intensive
gaming, my price target really if we
deploy Cyber Caps is not 600, it's $490.
I think all time all-time highs. Maybe
we exceeded cross the $500 line, but we
have to be very cautious. Let's let's
focus on each step of the game. 490
alltime highs is next. If things go well
and we see some movement in robo taxi,
SpaceX is going to be difficult to
assess. So give me some time. Give me a
week of SpaceX training in Tesla to
observe what's happening. But honestly,
I do not think we reach 600 unless we
start seeing robo taxi unsupervised
scaling in earnest.
And there's a big difference between
having a few dozen cyber caps launched
that will drive the stock up like crazy
very tactically short-term but it will
not have the enough punch to move it to
600. That's what I think for 600 you
need sustained scaling. So a couple of
like two three dozens will get us to 490
very easily. But from there we will
stagnate and fall back if they don't
keep scaling. But if they keep scaling
into multiple hundreds, boom, then the
repricing happens. And the repricing
doesn't stop at 600. So I don't think
600 is in any way a reasonable target
because either it doesn't get there and
drops off at 500 or it goes straight
through 600 because it's repricing.
Okay. So let's see
where are we?
Uh,
you were right about today, Joe. James
Bond. Wow, we have James Bond on the
chat. It's an honor, Mr. Bond. I watched
all your movies. Uh, just want to give
you credit since people are quick to
criticize you when you have a miss.
Thanks, James Bond. I appreciate it.
Yeah, I I make clear predictions or
clear statements because I'm doing it
mostly for myself. I want to have a
clear head what's happening and yeah I
made a I think a clear point and this
time was right. Thank you.
Uh I really appreciate it James Bond
especially from Mr. Bond.
Uh so what do we have here?
Cheap A5 chip for Optimus 2. True. Hello
from Reno. Reno, Nevada. I've been
skiing. I had a very bad snowboarding
accident in heavenly in Tahoe which is
close to Reno but Reno amazing you know
the Gigafactory Nevada
uh Roy Kashav hi Joe when you're going
to answer the questions again that were
asked on the pine lens website we will
do this I can do this today I can wing
it a little bit my question is marked
sorry we had like so many changes but
good to remind me we are going to go
there once I'm done with this thing
here. So, just wait a moment and we will
go there.
Um,
boom, boom, boom.
Oh, so many questions.
So, Roy, I will definitely uh respond.
Wa dweller, less than 300 incoming.
Well, I don't think so. Guys, someone
stole my socks today.
Your shorts or your socks? I don't know.
Uh,
get your Schwarz. Better get your
Schwarz in. Uh,
wow. We have so many questions.
Shouldn't you always try to get the 135
original SpaceX shares and flip them
directly at market open because it's
always subscribed? Isn't it free money
if you sell them directly? It's always
like a a gamble, but yes, but you're not
allowed. By the way, there's like uh I
think you're not allowed to flip them.
Like I just heard that in Charles Schwab
or someone Fidelity is gonna not allow
you to do it. You get like marked.
You're not allowed to do it. So you have
to be cautious.
Mark Cave 1901 asks, "Will the Pioneer
Bond be available in a UK SIP anytime
soon?" That's more complicated.
Uh but probably yes, we actually working
on a publicly traded European version,
not American European version. And then
I have to look into the UK SIP if they
can do that. If you can buy liquid bonds
there, probably you should be able to,
but European.
What's a safe sale covered calls for
Tesla now that SpaceX may merge with
Tesla? Safe sale covered calls? I don't
think there's a safe sale covered call.
I would not do that right now.
I would not do covered calls right now.
This is a bad situation for that in my
opinion.
Tesla may go down. The theory is that
getting exposure to Elon was driven by
scarcity. SpaceX Neurling Boring Company
all behind private equity. Tesla served
as the only option for exposure. I
disagree, but let's see. Because now
SpaceX is not independent of Tesla.
Everyone knows they're linked.
Uh
let's Tesla go to 600. It's only 50%.
That's true. Uh, Mar Cave. Joe, hello
again from the Bath area. Bath. Very
interesting city found by the Romans.
It's called Bath because they had Roman
baths, heated Roman baths from the Roman
Empire, and they're still there. Not in
use, but it's an great little town. It's
nice to have your reassurance when the
market makes irrational moves. It's
great how you join the dots and put a
rational take on the latest info. Thank
you so much, Marave. I really appreciate
it. Uh, thank you for the kind words.
I'm trying my best. I see three kids.
Three kids. Congratulations. When do we
see 500? I think it could be in June.
Maybe July. When is Tesla at 2,000 USD?
I can tell you. Should I tell you when
it's at 2000? Well, that assumes SpaceX
is not here and it is. So, but let's say
pre-pace X 2000. Let me just pull up the
Tesla model. God, I have 10 billion
SpaceX models now.
Uh, this is the robo taxi model. Let me
get to my Tesla model
at
my
Tesla.
Where is my Tesla model?
Oh my god, I can't even find it.
Tesla
Tesla valuation model here. Let's see
when is Tesla
at 2000 according to my model. Probably
2029.
Let's see.
Tesla at 2,000.
Share price risk
discounted.
Uh
future value based share price.
uh 2029
as I said probably in the first half of
2029 or
yeah probably in the first half of 2029
that's my prediction.
Um so what else do we have? Wow, we have
so many questions. Um
Marave,
what's a safe sale covered call? No
covered calls.
Uh I hope you're not selling I hope
you're right about not selling Tesla
stock to pick up SpaceX because I was
going to but I didn't because of your
opinion. Thank you. Well,
SpaceX will likely go up at IPO, but I
just don't like the situation. I think
there's just not much. So, don't blame
me if in between it would have been
better to get SpaceX. I'm talking I'm
not doing it because I have mid and
long-term conviction that this is a
better deal. How do you feel about
Alexander Mertz's merger assessment? Do
you think the timeline was too fast?
Well, that's a good question. Uh I mean
we had a long discussion as you probably
have seen and I still have to think
about it. I think Alexander made some
reasonable
points and you know I would not
absolutely bet against the merger being
announced soon. So this is going to be
interesting. I think there is a
reasonable chance that it's announced
soon
for the reasons I explained in another
video. Can I put a buy order for SpaceX
for Friday with my broker or do I need
to wait until the open?
I don't know. It's a good question.
Jeff Lutz. Hi Jeff. Good to have you
here. We have the great Jeff Lutz
saying, "Agree on Tesla Catalysts.
SpaceX for this year and maybe next
year."
Yes. SpaceX
uh Tesla Catalyst beat SpaceX for this
year and maybe next year. Yes. So Jeff
is on the same page. You know, Jeff is
the great the best supply chain analyst
we have in the whole space. And Jeff
knows everything about Tesla and also a
lot about SpaceX. Yeah, we agree on
that. I think it is not a good move to
buy SpaceX. I love the I think SpaceX is
the best greatest company probably ever.
It's like an insane thing, but I think
Tesla is the better investment right
now. That's what I think.
James Edel Bush, hello from Madison,
Wisconsin. Have I ever been to Madison,
Wisconsin? No. Been to Minnesota, but
not to Wisconsin. I heard you have great
cheese over there. Hi, James.
Uh, B. Terry bought Tesla at 391 but did
not buy Meta or Microsoft. Well, I think
Tesla was a good move. Hit the like
button. Yes. One. A B N DT, great name.
Uh, Geodode Tesla to 700 by the end of
June.
That's a little high. Maybe in August.
Tesla's going to 2,000 by the end of the
month.
Peter
Sh.
Well, you probably have to eat your
socks. Um, so let's go to Pioneer Lens
because we have this question. Roy made
a good point. Let's see.
If I find the question
uh and we can cover it since we are on
you know that big things are happening
we imp like you guys should go to
pioneerlands daily by the way
pioneerlands.org talk because we have
this crazy thing here. Is it refreshed?
Not yet. We are building this amazing AI
thing where we basically summarize all
like the best X feeds. So for example,
Randy Kirk is covered here and we are
writing these articles up on all kinds
of things. For example, here debate
intensifies over Tesla SpaceX merger
mechanics and valuation ratchets. And so
basically we trained an AI to read all
our X feeds and then write these
articles. And for example, this one
analysts and investors are debating the
mechanics of a potential SpaceX merger
with stock ratchet provision emerging a
central sticking point. Well, that was
my idea.
SpaceX currently has 36 billion shares
authorized. So it summarized very nicely
my argument and just based on the tweets
and we have all these guys like we have
multiple tobac uh posts but we also have
roof flock we have singularity books
whole Mars and microto macro in here and
that's all automated by our AI agent
editorial team so you guys can basically
see when you click on breaking on X all
the latest stuff
V3 to deliver 10x bandwidth by soya
merit Elon Musk Joe Buck ly right. It's
summarizing our our tweets here and like
it's very cool. But that's just one
little piece of pine lens. Let's go to
the round table and see what questions
we have. We neglected the questions a
little bit.
Uh do we have Roy here? Can I see Roy?
I don't find Roy.
Let's see.
It's Oh, here's Roy.
But that's an older question. Here's
Royy's question. So, adding exposure to
how do I do this?
Why is it so dark?
Why is it so dark? I can't read it. E
expand E E.
Let's read the question. Investing in
the power
behind the AI revolution. Okay. The
bottom line is should we invest in
energy stocks. Uh here I think we can
safely conclude that we are already in
the middle of a massive AI revolution.
That is correct Roy. We are still only
warming up. Even at this early stage,
the amount of power AI already requires
is insane. This puts huge pressure on
the energy grid. As Elon says
repeatedly, making eye chips isn't the
real problem. Supplying the energy is
the problem. It's true. As Elon has said
repeatedly,
we all know Tesla is investing heavily
in energy division. But let's be honest,
most of us are probably already invested
there. If you look at companies like
Zmen's Energy, General Electric, Verova,
Prismian, and Next Era Energy, they're
all skyrocketed since 2024.
So the big question is are you still
looking at opportunities?
Generally here's the thing in a crazy
transformation like we have now. I told
I talked about Micron the whole time and
I said ah Micron I have a good feeling
about Micron a year ago. I told you guys
repeatedly and said I I don't have time
to dive too deep into Micron but I think
it's pretty hot. And then this happened.
I think
you know we live in a time where you
have overwhelming opportunity all around
you and
I am a very focused investor when I do
something I want extreme levels of
certainty that's why we are investing so
much energy right now no pun intended
into SpaceX to really have the best
SpaceX model and I tell you it's
complicated we have you know and so of
course there's tons of opportunities all
over the place but I don't understand
them sufficiently
And I'm not going to do anything unless
I really understand it. See, we working
on this crazy model here. This is our
SpaceX model. And it's it's gotten much
better now. We have two people on it on
top of me. And we just figured something
very important out. How to change the
DCF model here to really get to to all
kinds of things. I shouldn't even show
you. This is still secret. But
things are complicated and sometimes you
have to be focused to not lose money and
really do the right thing. And when it
comes to energy, I'm just not
an expert on energy and I could become
an expert that that costs time and
attention and I am right now not doing
that. I also think
you know uh that SpaceX you know I I had
a very good experience with Tesla really
understanding Tesla because as you know
understanding the future makes you money
even if the stock doesn't go up because
you can play it with options as long as
you truly understand it. So I'm much
more deep diving into individual stocks.
I understand Nvidia well. I understand
Micro Strategy as well as you can with
crypto underlying. I of course
understand Tesla extremely well. And my
goal is to understand SpaceX extremely
well too. And then add more
semiconductor to that. I want to get to
Micron and related DRM chips. And I want
to understand AMD and Intel and Broadcom
more in depth because I think that will
be necessary.
But for me, if there's one stock you
need to deeply understand, Tesla level
or better, it's SpaceX. And I'm not I'm
very convinced that my theory is right
that you will get SpaceX cheaper later
this year. But then the real game
starts. SpaceX is all decisive. We need
to be SpaceX experts, absolute experts,
because what is happening with SpaceX is
the biggest story ever. And I want to
also deeply understand anthropic and
open AI even though everyone hates
OpenAI but you need to understand that
stock. So once open AI and anthropic is
out and SpaceX these will be our total
focus supplemented by Nvidia
supplemented by Micron AMD and of course
Tesla but Tesla will be bought at some
point.
As you know investing is very important
for Pioneer Lands. Investing is super
important to generate alpha and win.
But it's not the only thing that
matters. Actually, it's just
supplemental to what we actually do.
Right? In Pioneer Lands, we are building
the future and we make great progress.
Uh we are building this awesome
knowledge graph that soon will be on the
website for all citizens to see. I can
show you a little bit previews here.
This is actually in claw design, but
it's getting there. So, we have this
super cool model. Some of you have
probably seen some pieces of it where
we're building and modeling out
the entire strategy.
And uh that is what we actually do and
part of the strategy is it starts with a
causal map to understand space deeply,
right? To understand the space build out
of AI, the AGI buildout which includes
entropic and all kinds of stuff. then
how it will influence
the labor market disruption with the
digital human which includes anthropic
open AI and digital optimus. So
basically the replacement of all human
white collar labor, autonomous
transport, robo taxi, robot trucking and
the replacement of all human drivers and
then finally robots and the replacement
of all blue collar workers that will
have massive implications for the labor
market. And then you have the sectors
including energy that are affected. You
have single stocks that are affected.
That's how we make a lot of money here.
And then you have societal effect
effects on culture, on education, on
elections, on politics. And then we have
geostrategic implications and all the
different countries we care about.
Then in the knowledge tree, we have
actually my theory about the AGI
economy. I'm working on that. You will
soon have a bunch of very interesting
essays that connect the future into that
vision of the future. And then you have
pioneer lens because the AGI economy
that I outline here from job
elimination, capital dominance, reality
engineering, alignment dominance. Here
we get into stuff we didn't discuss yet.
That will basically outline the thesis
how the world actually will work very
soon, starting next year probably.
So this is descriptive of the future and
then here is normative. What do we have
to do from governance to pioneermies to
pioneer media to pioneer capital and
pioneer bonds to the pioneer culture and
pioneer lands? How we actually engineer
a reality and civilization that is
matching that post AGI economy matching
this new reality. So all of this is
happening behind the scenes. That's why
I'm so distracted. And all of this is of
course based on quantitative and
financial and economic models we are
building here. And when we talk about
stocks to connect the dots here, when we
talk about stocks,
oh, is it still frozen?
Still frozen.
I'm not frozen over here.
People say the video is frozen.
Still frozen.
Frozen.
Only camera is frozen.
Uh, let's
close the camera.
Is the camera back on now? What?
That's horrible.
I Now the slide is gone. Is Is the
camera still frozen?
weird. I don't know what's going on.
Technical issues and you're all on
YouTube, I assume.
Well, I don't know what's happening.
Leonardo says, "I was right about Tesla
going below 400. It does feel good to be
right.
Wow, the camera is still frozen. That's
so annoying. So, it's not frozen my
side. I I see everything and it's
moving. So, I don't know exactly what's
going on.
No idea what's going on. That must be a
glitch
uh that I can't fix.
Uh I can turn it off. Well, now I turned
off the slide.
Can I change maybe the layout? Let's try
the layout. What about this? Does it
look different?
What about this
here?
Um,
yeah. So, basically, I was just
explaining how this all works uh and
what we're working on. So, uh I think
that's it. Anyway,
you sound better with your mouth closed.
Yeah, it's magic. I can speak without
opening the mouth.
So, anyway, but I think we have
we have already
works in circle.
So,
oh, it's back. Very good. I'm glad.
Um, yeah, but we have covered the most
important things. If you guys don't have
any additional questions, I think it's
time to wrap it up and get ready for
this exciting week. But I tell you, we
live in exciting and transformative
times. AI is just scaling like crazy.
When I work with AI, we are building
crazy things in Pioneer Lands. I see all
the different agents. I can compare
Claude to Grock to Deepseek. Not to be
underestimated, Deepseek is so powerful.
Uh and even OpenAI and this will be all
developing very rapidly and our
knowledge graph will be our guide. I
tell you what we are doing here will be
very interesting because in AGI for
example we are going to model out the
entire demand projections for compute
global demand for compute
and that informs and will inform people
to understand what SpaceX is actually
worth because what people don't
understand is that SpaceX number one
will transform the economics of compute
in space and will do so very soon in
2028. That's what people don't
understand. And the second thing people
don't understand is that compute will
scale at a crazy amount of 20 to 30% a
year for a extremely long time. And if
you put that into a DCF model, you get
to present values of SpaceX that are
absolutely bonkers.
And that is why I think SpaceX is
actually undervalued. But I also have
total confidence that no one will
understand that anytime soon and
therefore the stock will drop. So it's
kind of 4D chess we are playing here.
Would you be up for sharing your rough
portfolio percentage of Tesla Nvidia
hood and micro strategy?
Uh yes I can tell you some things. Um
well I have massive amounts of short
puts on Tesla right now especially after
this little problem. Uh I have
significant amounts of short puts on
Nvidia. I have none on the micro
strategy none on hood. I have on the
stock level
uh what's the percentages on pure stocks
if you discount
uh if you discount all the short puts
which you shouldn't because these are
important pieces of the leverage um I
have roughly
let me do the math
I'm probably
uh 10% micro strategy G 6% Robin Hood.
Um
I am 60%
60 roughly 60% Tesla and the rest is
Nvidia.
So
roughly I think 35% Nvidia or 30%
Nvidia.
No, 25% Nvidia, sorry. Uh 16% Robin Hood
and Strategy and the rest Tesla. But if
you factor in the leverage through short
puts,
uh it shifts to
probably 80% Tesla and kind of 15%
Nvidia.
It's difficult to tell you the
portfolios because these short puts make
it very complicated to compute that.
And
the first piece I told you is basically
the non-leveraged core portfolio that
doesn't change, but the the options are
extremely tactical change every day in a
very aggressive potentially aggressive
way.
What are consequences of selling within
60 to 90 days of IPO? Robin Hood revokes
your IPO access for a few months. Yeah,
you have to look into the rules. Like
you're not allowed to sell this stuff,
so you have to be cautious.
Um,
you think we should go 80% into margin
for SPX? No.
No, I would not do that.
Um,
be cautious. Like SpaceX can be
extremely volatile. You have to don't do
margins on that stuff.
Yeah, there you have it. So, I hope that
was interesting. Thank you guys for
tuning in. I'm going to wrap it up now,
but stay tuned. We have, of course,
tomorrow more stuff coming up. And this
week will be crazy and especially Friday
going into the weekend and the week
after
it could become crazy. Let's see what
happens. I remain extremely bullish on
Tesla. I think nothing really changed
here on the core thesis that we might
see alltime highs and we might see cyber
cap scaling. That's what we have to look
out for. So, thank you guys for tuning
in and see you