Channel:     electrified
Title:       Did NOT Expect This, Tesla Actually Did It ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijtSJq4Mk00
Published:   2026-09-29 23:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-30 04:01 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. I said today would be part
two, but it looks like it'll be more of
a part 1.5 because some other things
came up that I want to make sure we
clear up. All right, you guys seem to
really enjoy my pullover functionality
that I added to Grock. So, right now, I
have no destination in the maps, but
let's test out some new stuff that I've
added. Hey, Grock, using my pullover
connector, can you uh turn right up
ahead?
Let me check what the pullover connector
can do. I found the turn request tool.
Done. The car will turn right at Elcampo
Avenue about 38 ft ahead. Since there's
no active navigation route right now,
after the turn, the car will just head
toward that temporary point.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Grock, cancel that turn. Actually,
turn left up ahead.
&gt;&gt; Canceling the right turn and switching
to left. Cancel
the right turn. Now requesting a left
turn at Bell Place about 112 ft ahead.
Once the turn is confirmed, your
previous navigation destination will be
restored automatically.
Hey Grock, go ahead and cancel that
turn.
&gt;&gt; Done. That left turn is canled and your
previous navigation is restored. To be
clear, this is not some sort of native
early preview of what we're going to get
with version 15. This is likely Spencer
using Tesla's navigation API paired with
a Grock or Grockbot connector to build
an aftermarket solution, if you will.
And as he said himself, the setup is
pretty clunky and not super feasible to
share out with the world. But for
anybody that's curious, when Spencer
gives these commands to Grock, it likely
connects to the Grock connector, which
looks up where the car is at the moment
and then picks a new GPS pin that would
actually force that maneuver. And then
Grock would actually send that pin to
the car through Tesla's navigation API.
From there, the map would update with
the new pin. And of course, navigation
would just route to that new pin. So, in
this case, it's not like the car is
getting a new driving instruction and
then executing it. It's really like it's
getting a new pin and then navigating to
it. At least that's what my speculation
is at this point. But I wanted to share
because I did think it was a pretty cool
preview of what we might be getting with
version 15. And remember talking about
this very feature on June 17th this
year, Elon said this functionality will
be there in about 3 months or so. and
we're about 3 months and 12 days removed
from that post. But shout out to Spencer
for the unofficial preview. As I was
working on a segment for the Tesla Semi,
I stumbled across quite an important
quote. Going back to that largest
electric semi order in US history, the
news we recently covered, specifically
from Zetscale. Well, as it turns out,
all 2500 trucks will be delivered by
Tesla within 18 months, according to a
spokeswoman for Catalyst Mobility, which
you might remember is the group
responsible for organizing the request
for proposals from these truck makers
alongside fellow nonprofit Smart Freight
Center. Now, yes, it's true some other
electric semi providers are available if
for whatever reason a customer did not
want to go with a Tesla Semi, but based
on this quote from someone that is
directly and intimately involved with
the process, it sounds like the
expectation is for a majority, if not
all, of those 2500 trucks to be Tesla
Semis. And going back to Tesla's
official post on the topic, they said
Tesla was the primary OEM and continued
with 2500 semis on order, which yes,
could be interpreted as 2500 Tesla semis
on order given that it was from the
Tesla Semi account and they would likely
not be broadcasting orders for other
companies. So given this find, I have
went ahead and updated the Tesla Semi
tracker with that information. So, if we
get contradictory information later, no
problem. I'm happy to make that change.
But for now, given that change and a few
other new orders, we're currently at
4,397
verified Tesla Semi commitments in the
last 18 months. And going down to the
delivery momentum phase, you'll see that
Zet order for 2500 Tesla Semis and a new
one from today, HMD, buying another 50.
And this HMD trucking company currently
runs about 700 trucks, 99% of which are
Peterbuilt diesel. And this company is
currently setting up Chargers in
Chicago. And so the Tesla Semi really is
special from a technical perspective.
things like the powder coating and
removing the paint shop or things like
the custom machines that Tesla has in
the factory where they can bolt all 10
lug nuts on simultaneously. Or the
quotes from Dan Priestley where he said
the semi is as close as Tesla gets to
raw material in and a finished product
out. meaning they stamp their own metal,
they mold their own plastics, they build
the batteries, the axles, the high
voltage gear, the cooling modules, and
the seats all in the building. The semi
overhead carrier is the highest weight
capacity conveyance in all of vehicle
manufacturing. Even simple benefits you
get like the back of the cab staying
open so the seat and the dash can go in
from behind and so workers can actually
stand upright in the cab. And I've heard
that works for someone that's around 66.
And even Priestley said, "As soon as the
numbers click for these customers,
they're going to realize the numbers are
superior to what they've been operating
today. This is not an emotional
purchase, meaning the demand in the
market penetration will be very fast."
And then Tesla sharing parts across
different vehicles. The heat pump for
the Tesla Semi that they're calling the
Mega Manifold, which looks pretty sweet,
is actually shared with the Cyber Cab.
And these designs have different names.
They call it the Super Manifold V3 in
the Cyber Cab, but it's the same
underlying architecture. But as we've
been saying now for years, maybe most
importantly, politics will largely be
out of this equation altogether.
Ultimately, this is a business tool for
fleets. So this might finally be
something that moves fast for Tesla,
which will be a nice departure from what
we've been experiencing now for the past
few months. And yes, all of this
excitement and all of these competitive
advantages for the Tesla Semi without
even mentioning FSD should be coming to
the truck sometime next year. And as we
know, that will blow the game wide open.
Now, plenty of technical questions how
it's going to work with loaded trailers
and how much training data Tesla is
going to need to get that all sorted
out, but the trend has continued. Pretty
much every data point we have points to
the Tesla Semi being a homerun product.
October is cyber security month. And
when you hear that word, if you still
only think about enterprise, sadly, it's
time to change that. Data from the FTC
just showed us last year in the US alone
around $3.5 billion with a B was lost to
impostor scams. And as I've been saying,
these numbers are likely to go up with
the spread of AI. So yes, that's part of
why I'm so adamant about doing what we
can to protect ourselves and our
families. And that's where Delete Me
comes in, the sponsor of this video. But
first, real quick, here are three free
tips for you. Reboot your cell phone
every week because some malware can only
run in temporary memory. Always verify
every single email by looking at the
domain name to ensure it's legit. And
please just stop answering calls and
texts from any unknown or unrecognized
number. And a bonus, Google yourself at
least once a month to see what type of
your personal information is out there.
And that last part is where Delete Me
can help. They monitor your presence
across these data broker sites that sell
your personal information to whoever
wants to buy it. So instead, Delete Me
will remove that information and make
sure that it stays removed throughout
the year. In April, Delete Me found my
information on six sites and then on my
most recent report, it found me on 54.
So, that's proof these sites will
continue to repopulate your information.
And that data was with Delete Me
reviewing around 7,200 records. And from
that, they submitted 64 removals in one
quarter. And some good news is with
Delete Me, you can add your spouse, your
parents, and your kids 16 and up at a
discount per person. And honestly, for
me, the peace of mind that we're doing
what we can to fight back has been worth
it alone. So, if you want to do the same
for you and your family, you can head to
joindeleteme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. All right, after a quick
wardrobe change, I was starting to sweat
in that hoodie. Tesla released a new 8K
today. In short, Tesla has secured the
option to access bank credit up to $30
billion, which could go as high as $34
billion based on some of the revolvers.
So, no, it's not Tesla yet borrowing $30
billion. It's really just securing the
ability to. And we actually talked about
this after the Q2 call that Tesla was
planning to do this. Not because they're
desperate for cash, but as we know, the
free cash flow has flipped negative and
is expected to stay that way for some
time. This is because the capex spend is
expected to be $25 billion or higher for
the next few years. And it's perfect
timing for Tesla because if you missed
it, for the first time, Fitch gave Tesla
a lower tier investment grade rating,
BBB. And Tesla already had investment
grade ratings from S&amp;P and Moody's. And
Fitch literally said the reason the
rating was not a higher version of
investment grade is because of the
expected capex spend. Also in the 8K, we
learned Tesla closed an older $5 billion
credit facility that was actually
written before Moody's had Tesla rated
as investment grade, meaning the terms
Tesla got were likely worse. So with
this 8K, Tesla's basically setting
itself up to have the ability to borrow
a lot and to borrow quickly over the
next 18 months. And as a shareholder, if
you want to avoid further dilution, then
Tesla going this route would be what you
want to see. Now, sure, in an ideal
world, the auto and energy business
would throw off enough free cash flow to
fund these new endeavors, but as we
know, Tesla's new spending commitments
are huge. So, we'll cover this more in
the future when Tesla starts to draw
money from this. But now, Tesla still
has north of $40 billion in cash and new
credit facilities in place, likely with
good rates for up to $34 billion. Yet
another thing I wanted to clear up
today. We got this from the SEC, Tesla
Inc. response of the Office of Mergers
and Acquisitions, Division of Corporate
Finance. Now, people were sending this
screenshot around implying that this is
more confirmation about a Tesla and
SpaceX merger, but that is absolutely
not the case. You guys know I'm at the
point we don't need any more breadcrumbs
to know that the plan is to merge these
companies. But this document is not
proof of anything in and of itself.
Tesla's general counsel, Brandon
Heheart, did share this link saying
retail investors should be heard.
Tesla's proud to create practical tools
to empower their voice. And as Vlad, the
CEO of Robin Hood said, the SEC issued
Tesla a no action letter today, clearing
the way for a voting program that
empowers retail investors. When millions
of people own shares of a public
company, it should be easier for them to
vote their shares. We are proud to work
with the outstanding team at Tesla to
help make this happen. So, what's going
on here? Yes, we know retail
shareholders can already vote. But the
problem is we usually have very low
turnouts and I think a lot of us would
agree the process is not very
streamlined. It can be a bit cumbersome.
But now with this new program, retail
shareholders like you and I can opt in
to basically set our voting standards.
For example, if at every vote in the
future we just want to follow the
board's recommendations, we can opt into
that one time and then automatically
vote that way in the future. And of
course, we'll still get all of the proxy
materials. We still get all of the
information and disclosures. And yes, we
can override those settings at any time.
And actually, there will be special
topics or events that are excluded from
this opt-in program. So, for bigger
items like a hypothetical merger, you
would still need to place a vote. So,
this is great because based on the data,
most retail shareholders really do just
ultimately follow the board. So rather
than every time we need a vote
scrambling around trying to get them to
go through this burdensome process to
actually place a vote, they can just opt
in and then those votes will be there
automatically. Now while this is
obviously not confirmation of a merger,
I do think it's interesting timing to
set this up ahead of when we are
expecting to vote on this merger with
SpaceX. But again, it sounds like there
will be a setting that you can choose
that will not place an auto vote for
something like a merger. So again, while
this program itself does not prove
anything about a merger, I do think the
timing is interesting. As we know, Tesla
would want it to be as easy as possible
for all retail shareholders to vote in
favor of the merger. And this process
should make it easier for retail
shareholders to opt in to be aligned
with the board. And so this should get
some that might otherwise abstain or
forget or miss it altogether. It should
get them in the game voting in alignment
with the board because remember on
certain topics if you abstain that can
be treated as a no vote. So for the
merger chatter make of that what you
will and just know anywhere you see the
term IVRvP
that is referring to this new program
from Tesla the issuer voluntary retail
voting program. And again to be very
clear, participating shareholders will
be able to override their IV RVP
standing instruction with respect to any
particular proposal at no cost. So
today, Tesla just got permission to
implement this program, but as of now,
there's not yet any way to actually
enroll. I would expect that to come a
few weeks from now. Today Tesla
announced supervised FSD has now been
approved in Croatia. The rollout will
begin soon. So FSD is now approved in
eight European countries. And remember,
we need 15 of 27 member states for the
vote, which is now set for December,
hopefully. And these eight European
countries currently make up about 12.7%
of the EU population. And remember, we
need 65% to pass the eventual vote. So
clearly, these eight countries are not
going to get us across the finish line
on their own. but it's progress and of
course more data. And sometime later
this week, I should have this website
live and on the dashboard website and
it's interactive so you can track the
progress of each country that has
passed. You can see the populations and
percentages and you can easily see the
progress toward the goals that we need.
Tesla's FSD counter is now up over 15
billion miles driven with over 5.8
billion of those city miles. But more
importantly to contextualize this
number, I put this together. So at the
current pace, Tesla is roughly adding 1
billion miles to the tracker every
single month. At the bottom, you can see
the time for each 1 billion mile
edition. It was 37 days, then 38 days,
then 17, then 24, and then 33 from this
most recent edition. And so far in 2026
alone, Tesla has added around 7.8 8
billion miles. And maybe even better,
Tesla has gone from 10 billion to 15
billion miles in 149 days. Now, there
was a time we thought this would be
correlated with unsupervised progress,
but for now, I think that has
transferred over to version 15, more so
than the supervised FSD number count
alone. But I can assure you one thing,
all of this realworld data is certainly
not hurting the cause. And one more
stat, since May of this year, Tesla's
been adding about 34 million miles every
single day. And that 7.8 billion miles
added this year is more than 2020
through 2025 combined. So when we talk
about hockey stick and exponential
growth, this is it playing out. Another
point I really want to keep driving home
is what's going on with SpaceX because I
get the sense that not everybody here is
really on board. And I know many here
are Tesla first, including myself. But
if this merger is going to happen, then
well, we don't really have a choice but
to understand what's going on with
SpaceX. And if even the Wall Street
analysts are starting to wake up to it,
then I need to do my job and make sure
everybody here is awake, too. It all
goes back to what Elon said recently.
Colossus 1 is 150,000 H100, 50,000 H200,
and 30,000 GB200. Colossus 2 is 110,000
GB200 and 440,000 GB300. Another 220,000
GB300 will be fully operational next
week and another 220,000 in November. If
we get lucky, yet another 220,000 GB300
by late December. The easiest way to
think about this is just in terms of
H100 equivalents. So, I went ahead and
found the best conversion available to
convert all of these chip types into an
H100 equivalent. And spoiler alert, but
if the team gets lucky, that would mean
SpaceX AAI is going to effectively
double its compute capacity in quarter
4. So, what the team effectively has
online right now at Colossus 1 and 2
could be doubled in the next 3 months.
And what do you know? In Anthropic's IPO
perspectus, they said they have new
deals with SpaceX AI that could result
in up to $84.5 billion of spending for
Nvidia based compute capacity through
2029. Now, yes, these deals are similar
to the first deals that are
cancelellable with a 90-day notice, but
that initial deal was only up to $45
billion. But what this means is that
assuming these deals go to completion,
SpaceX nearly doubled its revenue from
Anthropic with the stroke of a pen. And
now obviously a lot more is going on
behind the scenes to allow this, but
that a lot more is the compute buildout.
As I keep saying, even terrestrially, no
one is bringing compute online faster
than SpaceX AI. And further, once
orbital compute becomes more of a thing,
no one will be able to do that at scale
without relying on, you guessed it,
SpaceX AI. And if intelligence, meaning
the models, continue to be commoditized,
which everybody seemingly thinks they
will, then it'll be the companies that
can deploy that intelligence with
physical products that are really going
to win. And what companies or company is
making millions of robot cars and will
make millions of robots that will deploy
this intelligence? You know the answer.
So yes, this will take time to play out,
but there are no companies in my mind
positioned better for this next chapter
than SpaceX and Tesla. And sure, you
could argue Nvidia, but that's a topic
for another video. And looking at this
infographic, SpaceX could be going from
roughly 2.1 million H100 equivalents to
4.4 4 million again in the next 3
months. Anthropic has already upped its
compute lease deal, so I'm sure others
will as well. We don't know the split
between how much SpaceX will want for
internal training for Grock and Grock
bot, which is growing very quickly. But
my point is there are not a whole lot of
business lines right now where you can
boost your revenue by over $40 billion
by signing a new agreement. And I know
it sounds crazy, but this is likely just
the beginning. Brett from Arc said from
2025 to 2030, SpaceX could 40x its
active gawatts of compute. And here they
have SpaceX just shy of 33 gawatt by
2030 to which Elon said if we are that
low, I would be quite disappointed. As a
reminder, SpaceX is expected to be
around 2 GW exiting this year. And
Anthropic just said it and pretty much
everyone else agrees. Access to compute
power is becoming the key constraint on
AI development as future demand for
advanced AI systems is likely to exceed
available supply and will be limited
principally by the availability of
compute. Sometimes guys, it is really
not complicated. As of today, it's
become official the White House signed a
document renaming artificial
intelligence to super intelligence. So
gone are the days of AI. We'll now be
calling it SI. Now, I say that partially
tongue-in-cheek. I know plenty of people
are still going to call it AI, but I'll
be curious to see what Elon says going
forward. And Elon did say him and some
of the other leaders signed a joint
declaration today regarding super
intelligence safety. They agreed to a
number of different things that include
joint monitoring, board special
committees, and just generally grading
each other's homework. Tesla stock
closed at $352.84,
down 1.29%, 29% and SpaceX closed at
$149.24
up 2.59% all while the NDX was up 21%.
Don't forget check out delete me linked
below for anybody that hasn't yet and as
always thank you guys for supporting the
channel. Hope you all have a wonderful
day and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.