Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Grok 4.5 Just CHANGED the AGI Race
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qawxm01wtWg
Published:   2026-07-09 20:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-09 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today is the day where Grock 4.5 was
launched and it is all the rage on X and
all across the internet because the race
for AGI, the race for the best frontier
model, the race for the best AI is on
and people so far were looking at
anthropic. They were looking at Claude
Fable of course and they're very excited
about the CET GPT Saul release which is
happening also today or around today or
tomorrow no one knows exactly and that
is pretty exciting because now we have a
total surprise we have Grock 4.5 coming
in and it looks tremendous it is
absolutely benchmarking maxing
benchmaxing
everyone out of the game and we will
look today into what that means. First
of all, we look at the technology and we
look at the achievements. We look why
this is happening and what the secret is
of Grock, why it's so powerful and how
it's beating its competition mainly on
price. So when you look at this, you
have Fable 5 of course still ahead but
only a tiny percent here for Terminal
Bench 2.1. Uh we have here Deepswe
uh 66 versus 62. And you have to
understand Fable is the magic fable
thing. And we have SWE bench pro 80%
versus 40 64%. You think well that's not
that great. You have to understand Fable
is considered to be out of this world.
Like a new thing that is the total game
changer. OPUS 4.8. Look at that. Nearly
on par totally beating it. Here it's a
little bit ahead here and here. Totally
beating it. Chad GPT 5.5. also a very
serious model getting beaten here. Okay,
getting beaten here and totally on par
here. There you see it why this is so
powerful. And of course you have to also
compare this to composer 2.5 which is
the cursor model. Cursor is the partner
in this. Cursor was acquired by SpaceX.
Cursor is Grock now. And you see for
composer 2.5 for the actual cursor team
this is a tremendous leap forward. So
what does that all mean? What is very
important when you look at other
benchmarks, look at this.
Absolutely. Absolutely rivaling rivaling
Fable 5 extra high and beating Fable 5
high. Let that sink in. And the most
important piece of that I will point out
in a second. But look at this
co cost per task. The cost you pay for
this whole performance. And this is
about coding, right? These are about
using these agentic models for coding
which is the most important application.
$150
compared to $11. So it's nearly whatever
eight times cheaper. Eight times
cheaper. Let that sink in. Even Fable
Medium much cheaper.
Even Opus 5 4.8 Max much cheaper than
that. So this is a most importantly an
efficiency and price revolution. And
this chart here that I shared is also
showing you that. Okay. The average cost
per task is on that line. $20 very
expensive on the left and to the right
$0, $1.51.
And then here cursor bench. This is just
a benchmark how smart these models are,
how powerful. And what you see is Grock
4.5 high delivers the performance of
Fable 5 high but at $1.50 50 instead of
$11 price. And this is exactly pushing
the frontier. This is the equilibrium,
the frontier, whatever. People use
different names for that, but you have
that frontier here, right? The trade-off
between making it cheap or making it
powerful. And Grock just break through
that equilibrium, broke through the
efficient frontier of AI and changed the
game. As long as you are on this curve,
you're nothing special. you're just a
little dumber, a little cheaper, a
little smarter, a little more expensive.
But if you're cheaper and smarter,
things are starting to change. Why is
this so important? Of course, we have
criticism here. For example, someone
saying, "Look, Claude Opus 4.7 is much
smarter. It built this lava lamp and Gro
did build this lava lamp, so it's
dumber." I mean, sure. And I don't want
to be a total fanboy here. We have to
watch the comparisons. There's always
people pushing back. Benchmarks are just
one thing. Real performance in real life
like this is another thing. But I've
seen other examples where Grock
outperformed Claude Opus. So you know we
have to look I think in reality these
intelligences these AIs are skewed in
one direction or another. Sometimes one
is better sometimes the other. But the
benchmarks tell you something. Hey on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze understand
and predict capital AGI and politics.
Not just to beat the markets and make a
lot of money, even though that's
important, but also to build a new
society and make the future good for all
of us, the pioneers. If you want to help
me on this journey, you can do that by
doing a very simple thing. Like and
subscribe. It helps me a lot. Thank you
so much for your support. And let's get
back to the video. Here we have another
Bridge Mind, for example, posting this
one day of heavy Grock 415 usage. It's
all about efficiency. As I just told
you, so Bridgemind used Grock 415 the
whole day and used 1% of the allowance.
One day of heavy Fable 5 usage 100% of
your weekly limit. So the whole week
budget is gone. 1% versus 100%. Fable is
much more expensive. And he says, I've
been hammering 4.5 inside Grog build all
day on a super Grog subscription. Weekly
meter says 1%. At this page, at this
pace, I could build every single day all
week on one subscription. A concept
Anthropic has apparently never
considered. Well, it's not about
consideration. It's about what you can
do.
So, here's also the official release
video of SpaceX
engineering tasks. Highspeed
performance.
Low cost. Very important.
Build a weather app. Boom. Here is your
weather app. The ultimate vibe coding
superpower is coming. Build a site for
books. Dashboard from our latest thing.
3D city. It can build all these things
on a single prompt in a flow simulation.
As you can see, by the way, this model
is also optimized for engineering
because I always said it, one of the
main purposes of this frontier
intelligence for Elon and the team is to
actually power the engineering prowess
and increase it internally. So, Grog is
not just for you and me, it's also for
the SpaceX team, for the Tesla team to
actually improve the engineering speed.
So I I would guess that the engineering
power is especially high. And all of
this of course is only possible because
Tesla uh not Tesla SpaceX bought cursor.
This is all a cursor thing. By the way
here, of course, Nvidia also explains
that
Grock 4.5 was trained on Nvidia G uh
Blackwell 300, the latest systems of
Nvidia built for coding, agendic task
and so on. very Elon's teams are very
good in building these custom things and
this is pretty pretty powerful. So what
does it all mean for us? The race is on.
We just had Fable released. We just had
Fable come back and be available for
people this week. We have Grock 4.5
which is a giant leap for the SpaceX
team at least. And we have chip soul and
lunar and the third one earth terror
whatever coming out which people really
anticipate. And what that tells me is
that the race for AGI is full on on and
people are underestimating what's going
on here because these three juggernauts
space x AI anthropic and open AI they
are racing towards digital humans.
They're racing towards replacing all
human labor in enterprise. When you look
at the SpaceX presentation, it shows you
they believe it's a $22 trillion market
to replace all humans, white collar
workers, not robots. And that is exactly
what OpenAI thinks and that's exactly
what Anthropic thinks and the AI power
they're developing here. The coding
power at the center of everything.
Medicine is coding, legal is coding,
everything is coding because coding
means you can systematize something.
effectively anything. And so coding is
the key to solve all labor challenges
and the speed and the money and the
power that is coming in here. That is
what we have to connect in our minds
that these are the dots we have to
connect to predict the future and these
are the dots we need to predict to
predict. I had another video on max 7
valuations on Tesla valuations. These
this is the underlying trajectory you
have to understand if you want to
understand the future. And that
underlying trajectory is vastly
exponential. And that underlying
trajectory is already very powerful on a
high base and is going exponential.
Which means the world we live in in
December will be fundamentally different
from the world we live in today. And the
world we live in end of 2027 will be
probably so different that it's hard to
imagine. We are right now on an
exponential trajectory. There is
absolutely no evidence or hint that we
are slowing down. These models become
better and better. The agendic systems
become better and better. And that means
you better be prepared. And if you in if
you invest in stocks, if you predict the
economy, if you have a job, you better
understand that trajectory because you
can look ahead and see what's happening.
It will be a very different world. And
my prediction is by the end of next year
we will see the capability of AI to
replace nearly all human jobs that are
nonphysical and that is a very big deal
and that allows us to place very
strategic bets. So there you have it. I
hope that was interesting. I hope you
enjoy Grock 4.5 or Chetpipid Soul or
Anthropic Claude Fable. Whatever it is,
play around with these models. Go to
pioneerens.org. by the way because
that's where we are building something
amazing and you can actually use all
these models. So let's see what happens.
I hope that was interesting and see you
tomorrow.