Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Tesla Robotaxi BREAKS New Record And Market Updates
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cIisnTRqG0
Published:   2026-04-30 18:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

though we just had a video out on it
because what is happening right now all
this wait for 10 years for full
supervised unsupervised full
self-driving for the world of autonomous
transport all of these things are now
coming to fruition after all this wait
time after all the delays and people are
actually unhappy. Isn't that weird?
Isn't the human mind and the human
spirit a fickle little thing? And it's
important for us when we are looking at
the stock and generating alpha to look
through the emo noise and understand
what's actually going on here. And what
is going on is that we are witnessing
the world's greatest revolution in
transportation over the last 100 years
in real time. And I want to just give
you this one example today and talk a
little bit about the robo taxi tracker.
What we are seeing cybercap production
and keeping track what is happening
right now. So look at this. Hi everyone
by the way. Look at this. And of course
the critics, the naysayers, the bears
are saying, "Joe, you're ridiculous.
This is 25. Whimo has so many." Well, of
course has so many. Of course, the
Chinese claim they have them, but we
know the story. We know that they're all
not having the right technology. They
cannot scale. They have all kinds of
issues. They are bandating and taping
their way to pseudo success. Whereas
Tesla is preparing true massive scale
with an integrated cybercap production
with an FSD end-to-end neural net system
that actually works that is vision only
and all these things you need to make it
happen.
And now we are seeing the scaling. So
why is this so important? Why am I so
excited? Why am I actually happy that no
one gets it? Even though we will get in
a second to the question if people get
it because look at the stock price. I
give you a little glimpse. What is even
happening today? I was depressed this
morning when I looked at my big bet. I'm
very very short puts. A lot of short
puts. 380 375 372.5
and 385. I'm stacked all the way for a
sideways movement, slide up movement
until May 1st tomorrow and May 4th and
so on and so forth. So down here I was
like, ouch, this hurts. Oh, we are
really getting into territory that
hurts, but I'm staying firm. I actually
doubled down a little bit. I doubled
down here when I saw I'm on the right
side of the V. But why was I so
confident that we are way too low? That
we only have to go up right now even
though everyone is a depressed little
emo right now. Because when you look at
this, when you let that sink in that big
robo taxi situation that everyone mocks
also down here, Houston, Dallas now with
three each, I think. Three each.
You have to connect the dots. You have
to connect the dots. You see that the
cyber caps are rolling off the unboxed
method conveyor belt that doesn't exist
anymore. You know what I mean? I don't
know how to describe that, but it's a
it's a non-conveyor belt. These shiny
glossy little things, so beautiful.
Tracked by the great Joe Techm, the
other great Joe, as I say. He films all
these things. They're rolling off these
things out of the Gigafactory in Texas
and Austin and we are seeing these 10 12
15 20 cyber caps per freaking day
rolling off that line themselves because
self-driving and then being shipped all
over the great nation over the great
United States. We spotted one in
Massachusetts today. Can you believe
that? Someone shot a photo in
Massachusetts.
took me a long while to to learn that
weird states named Massachusetts. So now
we have cyber caps in Illinois, in
Massachusetts, all over Florida, in the
Bay Area, of course, all over Texas, in
Phoenix, maybe even a Georgia. So we see
that rolling out everywhere. We see the
robo taxi tracker going up. And why is
no one getting it? Everyone's like, "Oh,
we are so delayed." Joe was wrong. He
said 1,800 unsupervised robo taxis by
April or May. Well, I said that is my
best bet. We are now starting to roll
out. And at this pace, we are probably
just a few months delayed to get to this
crazy inflection mode. Even if we are 6
months delayed for my forcing function,
who cares? If we hit 1,800 truly
deployed robo taxis unsupervised in full
operation, that is an easy $600,700,
$800 share price. Okay? So, I don't care
if that's in 6 months. I will be more
than happy. What counts for us is to not
drop the ball, to not be little emo
babies, to not go with the flow where
all the retail investors suddenly,
normally they on our side, now they're
all freaked out on earnings. And it was
the institutional investors of all
of everyone right that they actually
held firm after earnings and said you
know what good earnings they came out
this Monday and said you know what we
are amping up our prices mostly keeping
them stable the share targets at 500 580
600 so the institutionals this time
actually held the line and said what do
you want I don't care if Elon someone
said Elon was down in the meeting I
didn't even see that the numbers were
great. They beat earnings and the
biggest thing of all, Robo Taxi, the big
cash flow booster
is kind of happening. What do you want?
Who cares if it's 6 months delayed or 3
months delayed or even 9 months delayed?
What is clear is this thing is now
actually happening. Look at this. These
are cyber caps more and more without a
steering wheel. By the way, they're
manufactured and put on the road without
a steering wheel. Why do you think is
that? Hm. I wonder why.
So, all of this looks very good. I just
came out, by the way, tomorrow. You have
to watch the video tomorrow that's
coming out. There will be a little bit
of promotion in there uh about Pioneer
Reserve and what we are doing there.
And that will be interesting. But it's a
video on the method of Pioneer Alpha,
which is very cool. I can give you a
quick glimpse into it because you are
the best. You are the live viewers of
the Pioneer Academy. That's we doing a
little mini Pioneer Academy today on
Thursday even though it's not Sunday.
Normally on Sunday, go to pinealpha.org
and follow us. But I give you a little
glimpse of the video tomorrow that's
coming. Uh because that is a very cool
video where I explain exactly what's
happening. Look at this. I skip through
it quickly. I don't give you the whole
thing,
but I'm presenting this method where I'm
explaining exactly how I actually
generate our alpha. Not just mine, but
also you if you're an investor like all
of yours in the Pioneer Alpha bonds.
Here is why we beat the market so nicely
in Tesla. I put it into a better
understandable method
and that is also the purpose of my
videos to just convey where I am on all
these different points. It starts with
understanding long term what is even
happening with robo taxi five to 10 year
horizon. What is Tesla? What are they
doing with what is Elon's long-term
first principal plan? What do we think
about it? Maybe Elon is wrong sometimes.
Who knows? We have to look into it. We
have to understand what are Elon's first
principles. We have to do the economic
modeling. You know my Tesla model,
SpaceX model coming very soon. By the
way, we are building a beautiful great
team, very smart cookies on our team
powered by AGI. We will give you the
best space model for space AI ever
and uh refine the Tesla model of course.
Then once you have an understanding of
the long-term horizon, the next step is
okay triple baby steps. You have to get
to the stock price. But first, you do a
prediction of a 12 months horizon. One
of my favorite little exercises. They're
all my favorite. Understanding is great.
But prediction is the next thing you
have to understand. Catalysts, forcing
functions, timing probabilities,
delays.
So here we're talking about 90 days to
Optimus version 3 release. We have to
also talk about cyber cap and everything
I just said to understand where are we
at? Are these strong catalysts? What is
happening in the next 12 months, in the
next 3 months, what is likely to happen?
And then
this is the tricky part. This is even
this is not the easiest to explain. But
once you predict, then then we get to
the meat to the true pioneer alpha meet.
We need to pinpoint
within a four week, the next four weeks,
sometimes even the next week, we need to
pinpoint future share price. And of
course, if you're a beginner, if you're
a little investment banker or something,
a little trader at Goldman Sachs, if
you're like someone who doesn't get it,
you say like, "Joe, this is impossible."
Well, guess what? It's not impossible.
We do it every day here. You have to
pinpoint the stock price in something I
call probabilistic scenario
constellation,
which means I'm not saying Tesla goes to
400 next week. I'm saying the most
likely scenario is it goes to 400. Okay?
And then the next question is how likely
is it? And the next question is what is
the second scenario? The second most
likely scenario right now I'm saying
Tesla most likely
goes to 400. Yes, I believe that. The
second most likely right now it stays
flat or goes up a little bit which is
less likely but still reasonably likely.
And then the third most likely situation
is that Tesla actually runs up to 420 or
more because something happens because
we have a catalyst. And the least likely
number four is it drops below 370 and
stays there or maybe towards 360. Now
you say, "Oh, Joe, you're so stupid.
This is like you say it's going up or
sideways or down." Like no, you did not
listen to what I just said. I said you
need to put that into order and put
probabilities on each of them. And my
probabilities are it is most likely
going to 400, but it's secondarily most
like after that second likely going to
go flat. So I'm biased towards the
slight upside and flat and then much
much less likely it goes to 420 and even
less likely goes down because we're too
much down. Once you understand that, I'm
giving you all the secrets, but you have
to watch the video tomorrow. I'm much
more in depth.
Then once you have pinpointed your
probabilistic scenario constellation for
the next one to four weeks, you can
engineer your alpha. And what does it
mean? Now, we dig deep into the option
situation and say, okay, we're not
options traders here. We predict, we
understand, predict, and pinpoint the
future. And then once we have done that,
we engineer our options layering
strategy and hedging strategy around
these probabilities. So if I believe up
or slight up or sideways, most likely
vastly over 75% chance that this
happens. Well, I know what to do. If
it's sideways or more likely a little
bit up, I am going at the money short
puts and slightly out of the money short
puts that gives me maximum premium. I
can get 10 bucks without even taking in
the money risks. I get 10 bucks on a
weekly just putting it at 4 uh at 380
short puts. Why do I like this? If it
goes to 390, I still make the entire
upside without taking any risks. If it
goes to 370, I still break even. Okay,
that's why this is so much smarter than
buying the stock because if the stock
goes down, you just lose money. If the
stock goes down with me, I make money.
If the stock goes up, I make more money.
If the stock goes flat, I make money. I
only lose money if the stock goes down a
lot. And then I can lose a lot of money.
So that's the deal. And so that's why
you don't do that always. You definitely
don't do that when there's total
volatility and total downside risk. When
the stock is sliding down or falling
down, you're not touching this. But here
we are stabilized. We drop too much. We
have to go up. Beautiful for short puts.
And that's why people say, "Joe, you
said Tesla in earnings is going to go
sideways after earnings or even slightly
up, but it went down." And you claim you
made 5% alpha. Yeah. Exactly.
Exactly. Because my engineering is so
good that even if I'm slightly wrong, I
totally win. That's how you want to do
it. I only lose when I'm really wrong.
So you have to avoid being really wrong.
And you have to understand, don't take
too much risks when you are not not
reasonably confident. That's why these
probabilistic scenarios are very
important. Okay, now I stop. I don't
want to bore you too much with this
method. It's actually not boring. Want
to go back to the share price.
Martin said, "I can't afford the margin
for short puts."
Well, I can give you some hacks, but you
have to be caut.
So, the margin works like that. And if
you go short put, you have 10, there are
like a 100 shares. Uh they don't want to
give you one short contract because they
say you don't have enough margin. You
can cut your margin requirements by
going long puts.
You go long puts out of the money. Try
it out. Be cautious because there's a
reason they're not giving you the
margin. Uh but
if you want to go uh from here, for
example, at 375 short put weekly, right?
They don't allow it. then just buy a
long put at 350. You can even be shorter
term.
You have to manage this whole thing.
Maybe if you're beginner, just do the
same expiration. So if you're one week
out, you want to have a 375 short put
here. You can just buy a long put for
the same duration at let's say three,
what would I recommend here? 340. So you
pay very little premium maybe for like
80 cents or whatever 340 is one week out
maybe 80 cents but your 375 gives you
probably five bucks
and so then they allow you to do it
because you're cutting you're cutting
your margin requirements down. Crossb
asks if I'm German.
H
yes I am. I can't hide it. My accent is
giving it away.
Um, Interactive Brokers. Interactive
Brokers. Yeah, try try the long put
situation,
but be cautious.
We are all German. We are all Germans.
Uh,
I Aussie, we have a joke in Germany
about the Australian Oshen. It's a very
funny joke. I'm not going to go into
that. That's a political video. Uh I re
I posted today on on X about Bjernh's
interview. Very funny. Uh and burned. I
called him the Joe Rogan of Germany.
Some Germans got mad. Some leftists.
Uh let's see. So this is happening. And
I told you I was very sure my trade
today. I feel very good because in the
beginning I was scared because I was
clearly positioned here for uh what I
exactly said right now. I I was
positioned for this stock going very
quickly back to 380. Uh at least not
falling below 370. And of course, it's
always scary because I'm very very
exposed right now because I'm very
bullish on my prediction. Very bullish
on this prediction that we are not going
much deeper. And if you're very bullish
and you engineered right, you have a lot
of exposure. And if it goes down, then
at 368 or something, I'm hitting like
the point where my premiums are really
burned up and I'm going hardcore into
losses. So, I don't like that too much.
I can't afford too much. At 365, I have
to pull the risk trigger on some of
that, which is always painful. I still
can recover that relatively easily, but
then it's not fun anymore. So, I stayed
put, no pun intended, and then this
happened. So, it's a very good day
today. And if we end up above 385, not
too much hopefully. My strategy also
requires this thing not to run too much.
Otherwise, I have to take action to not
lose out on alpha, right? So, if your
short puts at the money and it goes up
too much, you're losing alpha, which
means you make money, but you would have
made more money if you go all into the
stock. So, then I have to stack and and
keep selling these puts at higher
strikes.
No, he sounds like he's from New Jersey.
[laughter]
Exactly. That's a funny joke. I can say
coffee. Coffee. Give me some coffee. I
lived in New York for a little bit. But
that's it. That's all my New York accent
I have. Uh Joe, do you still think Tesla
is going to come out with a flying car?
Yeah. I mean, we are promised a flying
car. I think so. Let's see.
How does Joe Rogan stand among the great
Joe's? Well, hard to compare. Joe Rogan
is in a different industry. He's not in
the Tesla or stock industry, so I can't
compare him to the other great Joe's.
Why not call in the money calls instead
of selling puts? Isn't it safer?
No. Here's why I don't like it. Young
dude,
I love your name. I feel like a What's
this karate kid? I feel like the old
Japanese guy.
Let me tell you, young dude ad what I
think. Uh, no, I don't like I actually
never like calls and I the Here's why I
never go long calls with the exception
of the LER roll strategy. If you really
fall too much or if we go on an insane
run and I think it's a truly insane run,
then calls are the magic of course. But
generally calls have a problem. In the
end, in the end, the stock market when
it comes to what I think about it is a
con is a probabilistic
and statistical game. It's like a
casino. In the end, it's statistics and
probabilities.
And the problem with going long options
is that you put the odds against you
because most likely, here's my magic
trick. Most likely you are wrong
tactically. Very short. Most likely I'm
wrong. Everyone is wrong.
So most likely you can't exactly predict
it. I'm pretty good in actually
predicting it. But let's assume for now
I wouldn't be good. I would just be a
monkey. The monkey random throw dot
thing, right? And so you want to be in a
position if you have no signal in your
predictions that you actually make
money. And if you go long options, you
always pay the premium. You are always
on the losing end of of of randomness.
You always pay more than the stock is
worth. Even to the downside, doesn't
matter because whatever you have, the
option makes you pay more money than
it's worth. There is no scenario where
you buy an option and you pay the exact
amount that it's worth because you have
the time. Even in the money calls are
expensive.
The opposite is true if you go short. If
you go short options, you always put the
odds on your side because if you're a
little wrong, you still make money. If
you're a little right, you make a lot of
money. If you're neutral, you make
money. You always make money. Unless
you're very wrong, then you can get
killed. So,
I rather bet on me not being completely
wrong than having to be completely
right. Okay? If you long options, you
have to be completely right. Not a
little right. You have to be completely
right. If you're even not right, you
lose money. Whereas, I make money if I'm
not right.
I'm only losing money if I'm very not
right. If I'm if I'm very unright.
That's the situation.
Rogan is a meat head. I mean, there is
not this no debate about that. He's
clearly me head. I mean, just
technically, not like, you know what I
mean? He has no hair.
When you sell, here's a question. When
you sell a put and the underlying price
drops close to your strike, let me put
this up so I'm looking actually up into
the camera. Um,
bing bing bing.
How do I do this here?
When you sell a put and the underlying
price drops close to your strike, when
do you typically start rolling the
position and how far in advance of
expiration do you usually roll it? Well,
I'm I'm doing very short-term puts, of
course, because I want to get the churn.
I want to actually take the time value
all the time. So, shortterm is good when
you're short. Uh, that's hard to tell.
Like,
it depends. It depends on many things.
So it's very important. My strategy with
options is that I'm actually not an
options trader. I do exactly what I
described before. I have my methodology.
I predict the future. I predict the
stock price first. Okay? So if anything
happens that moves against me, I think
through the stock. I think through the
stock what is the most likely scenario
here? And then I make my options
decisions. So I have no firm rules on
the options. My rule is at any point in
time I need to predict the stock. If it
moves against me, I have to predict,
okay, why? And is this bad? And does it
break my thesis or is it just a test of
my nerves?
That's how I decide. And that is true
both when I put on a position or when I
derisk and change my position.
Always substance first. I always first
predict the stock and the future before
I touch the options. I don't do options
trading or option strategies. That's
stupid. The options are just an
instrument to reflect my conviction. And
my conviction can change any second
obviously but it doesn't change based on
the options price. It changes on the
situ situationally. Uh so I can just you
know I can just share my approach to it.
Always first think about substance
future reality pinpoint the stock price
and then think about okay what happened
here and what is most likely to happen
next. And then once you have conviction,
you can actually model your next options
move.
The 1,800 inflection point is that for
supervised or unsupervised. So it's not
an inflection point, by the way. It's a
forcing function. Just be accurate. An
inflection point is something more
vague.
An inflection point just means well the
stock inflects and runs. That's more
like art than science. the 1,800.
It doesn't matter if unsupervised or
supervised.
Probably more unsupervised for cash flow
reasons. But why I call it a forcing
function is at 1,800 in my calculation,
you have an annualized free cash flow
addition to Tesla worth 5% of the entire
free cash flow of Tesla of 2024. And why
I call it a forcing function is because
at that point
any analyst mo the most stupid analyst
in their basement can be dragged out of
the basement and forced to upgrade the
stock. There's no doubt anymore. So
1,800
probably unsupervised because if there
would be super I wouldn't like it
doesn't matter too much as long as you
have a sufficient share of unsupervised
in there.
Um, Cybercap has too many regulation
hurdles in order to scale. They are
going to ship it with a steering wheel
as an affordable model. Eventually, they
can be used as a robo taxi. I disagree,
Crosby. I think there are no big hurdles
in regulations. Look at the United
States. Look at the top seven states in
terms of regulations. You can just rule
them out. There is no regulation. It's
self-regulated. In Georgia, for example,
in Arizona, even in Florida, so even in
Texas to some extent. So I don't buy
into that. I think Cyber Cap is a total
function of FSD functionality. How good
is this thing and does it actually work?
And if it's good and works, uh, they can
just scale it. It's not the regulators
that are the problem. It's solely Tesla
and the technology.
Of course, there are jurisdictions like
California, New York, uh, that are much
more complex, but we don't need them for
now.
So, Crosby, I think it's purely a
technology function.
Um, we had some more news I want to just
get into and then we have to already
sign off again because I need to
go to the city in a second. But, um, we
also have this. This is another crazy
thing people don't talk about. Look at
this Tesla Semi Semi. No one even talks
about Tesla Semi. This is ready for
production. There it is. is the first
production Tesla semi and there's
already the second this is called a
production line it's not just going to
be one this thing is now working and as
I pointed out before when you do market
analysis for robo taxi I think it's
multi- trillion dollars worth of TAM but
it assumes it needs some assumptions for
Tesla cyber cap the assumption is it
eats deep into car ownership it replaces
public transport right share alone
replacing Uber and Lift and all that
kind of stuff and taxis doesn't get you
to trillions.
In order for Cyber Cap to actually make
trillions, it needs to eat deep in car
into car ownership. It needs to replace
people owning cars. When it comes to the
semi, that is very different. The Tesla
Semi eats into an existing market of
trucking that is absolutely enormous.
trucking and trains.
That is an absolutely enormous market
that is just there for the taking with
zero competition. Zero autonomous
competition. Now, I don't know when it
happens, the autonomy for trucking, but
it's kind of easier on the highway. It's
just higher risk. So, I think this is
happening. Here's my prediction. It's
happening in 2027. The autonomy in
trucking and the Tesla Semi is now
ready. and will deploy I don't know how
many thousands this year but a few
thousand and this thing is so profitable
you can't even believe it. So people
underestimate what's going on there and
that's what I like about Tesla. They
have so many little irons in the fire
that if one gets delayed who even cares
this is all completely ridiculously
transformative.
So just want to pointed this out. There
is big things happening.
Okay, a few more questions before we
wrap it up. Tesla semmit trucks is a
really big deal. 500 miles. Yes,
absolutely. This is amazing.
Uh,
currently we are on track to reach 1,800
Ansua September, November. Just
extrapolating the current growth
assuming exponential. Yeah, young dude.
Love the name. Uh, yes. Look at the robo
taxi tracker and look at cyber cap
production. That's another I mean one of
the most confidence inspiring facts for
me was cyber cap production timeline and
the fact that it's actually happening.
What do you think if you if you
manufacture hundreds of cyber caps and
then thousands of cyber caps probably by
June per month? I mean what do you think
is happening with these things? So it
tells us that is the best piece of
information to actually put a tight
timeline on the rollout
when you sell a put. Here's a question
from Julian.
create to school. Uh, when you sell a
put and Tesla drops below the strike
price you sold, do you accept assignment
and take the shares or do you roll the
put to a later expir? I never take
assignment or if I take assignment, I
sell the shares right away. Uh, when I
use options, I don't want the stocks.
That's why I use options.
Uh,
why does Wall Street always sell when a
company wants high capex like matter?
That's actually stupid. I I posted on X
about this. They said Meta is spending
too much on capex and dropped it two
quarters ago. Now Meta actually spend
less and they dropped and said they're
not spending enough. So Wall Street is
just being stupid right now. They're
emos. They're completely confused little
emos and make enormous dumb mistakes.
And normally their mistakes are our
alpha. But I'm not in MA right now even
though I'm I'm very bullish on meta by
the way. They are just better
opportunities right now. But if you
don't know exactly what to do, Meta is
definitely I mean Meta in my opinion is
a guaranteed win.
Cyber Cap plus Optimus
6,000 2030. What about Tesla plus Tesla
7? I have this all built into my price.
I'm actually getting a little bit more
conservative.
I will come out with a price below 6,000
but then plus X
because
let's just tone down the timelines a
little bit. I rather be a little low and
then have to upgrade again. Uh and the
plus X is the Space X point. Uh because
I think the whole space situation is
just insane. People People see this is
insane what's happening. Uh do you short
Tesla?
No, I short puts. That's the opposite of
short. So put options make money when
Tesla goes down, but I'm shorting the
puts for many reasons. Do you expect
robo taxes to double every month? Well,
now we have to differentiate between
unsupervised and supervised robo taxes.
So I I expect robo taxes to double
every two weeks or something. The
unsupervised we are at 25 now.
So uh I think this is uh happening. This
is a very big deal. We can take a final
look at robo taxi here just to make this
point. This is the most exciting
decisive chart we have to watch. This is
what you have to look at. This is the
exciting piece. Now we have three in
Dallas, three in Houston, 19 in Austin.
These are unsupervised and there will be
soon robot cyber caps. I don't know how
many cyber caps actually probably no
cyber cap is actually in real operation
commercial operation [snorts] but that
is what's happening
so final look at the stock price that
was an excellent day today if this stock
keeps rising tomorrow I will have to
stack my short puts to not miss out too
much but if we end up above 380 I will
have a huge alpha week.
Huge alpha week. Okie dokie. Thank you
everyone. That was fun as always.
Uh they said next month X payments will
be launched. Do you expect Dogecoin to
grow? I Well, this is my last comment
for today.
Uh I don't know who said that. Who said
that? Was it Paul Tudtor Jones? Some
very smart dude. Some of these Wall
Street people actually smart. They're
not even Wall Street people. They're
like smart macro traders. Paul Tuda
Jones is a very smart cookie. Draen
Miller is also very smart. So what I
think Paul Jones said someone did an
analysis that I totally share that 95%
of the entire crypto gains will be in
can be captured with Bitcoin and
Ethereum. That's what I believe. Some
people hate me for that because I I I'm
not a big believer in Solana. I think uh
it will be the big ones winning. I think
Bitcoin is store value. I think Ethereum
is the rails for Wall Street for the
future of uh finance. Uh I'm not a big
crypto geek. I just love that stuff. But
I look at the money. I think Ethereum
and Bitcoin is where the money is,
literally. Okay guys, thank you so much
for watching. That was fun. Tune in
tomorrow for the method video. Tomorrow
is going to be good. I explain Pioneer
Alpha. This is an important video coming
out. And then of course on Sunday go to
pinealpha.org
we have our academy. You can subscribe
or whatever you can do there. And on
Sunday we do another live session to
review the world. Thank you so much guys
and see you then.