Channel:     futureaza
Title:       What Really Happened in the Texas Tesla Crash
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKo-2SUDQHg
Published:   2026-06-25 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-25 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is absolutely frustrating and it
just absolutely pisses me off. This is
I've been saying over and over again
these journalists they have blood in
their hands at this point. So you I'm
glad that you mentioned all of the
previous stories. This is not new. Many
times you will see an article written
saying that Tesla's FC crashed and
killed somebody or you know is gone
haywire and those who are going on for
many years and as you pointed out they
will be sued. What has happened so far?
Every single one of them, well over 10.
And we're not just talking ones, 22Z's
have all been proven that they were not
caused by Tesla's full self-driving
issue. Tesla FSD is out there doing the
reckless, terrible, dangerous things
once again. Or are they? This same story
we've seen time and again, and I'm
getting flooded with comments from
people on all my videos, not just ones
relevant to FSD saying, "Why won't you
address it?" It's because I have
repeatedly. So, we'll make a whole video
just about this. Pedal mislication is
not the same as reckless FSD. And of
course, being on FSD is something people
like to say when they've made a
terrible, grave, often fatal mistake.
This is what we're going to be talking
about. I got Herbert here from Brighter
joining me. We're going to have this out
there because it is very frustrating and
this kind of behavior is encouraging
drivers not to use the safest cars
running the safest system in the world
and it's all just for clicks. Uh let's
get into it. Brian, welcome to Futura.
&gt;&gt; So Herbert, I know you've seen the
stories. I know we've talked about the
stories on your channel. Uh this is very
frustrating. Let's just take a look here
real quick. This is just an overview of
what we're seeing on the news um around
around the world. Uh the FA family is
already suing Tesla over automated
driving assistance crash. Uh so that's
not what it is. It's not an automated
system. Uh Elon says it makes no sense
because it does. Uh top auto regulators
are investigating it. There's not much
to investigate. We saw the footage and I
have the footage, but I'm not going to
play the footage because it's uh grim
and uh someone's life was lost here. But
the car is going more than double the
speed limit, probably triple the speed
limit. Looks to be about 70 mph in a 25
mph zone. Uh the driver was out of
control. Whether they were speeding for
fun or had stomped the wrong pedal all
the way to the floor and panicked
doesn't matter much uh to the victims.
and it doesn't matter much in terms of
FSD. Then we've got of course even
people like Fred from Electric who uh is
so negative and and dishonest in his
approach that I uh will not use his
articles or any articles. Tesla admits
FSD was on blames driver for overriding
it. No, Fred, you have this system. You
use it every day. You know how it works.
Uh other news stories like this have
come up in the past. This one is from
2025. What caused a deadly crash in San
Francisco? A madman driver or a
malfunctioning Tesla? Now, of course,
they may print a follow-up saying it was
a it was a driver who didn't do it
correctly, but those stories never get
the same kind of traction. We saw this
in 2022. Uh, evidence suggests that
driver assistance was engaged during
fatal crash that killed a Tesla
employee. And it uh of course later we
find out that uh the driver was three
times the legal limit. Should not have
been behind the wheel of a car. All
kinds of nonsense. And now of course
Nitsa has to investigate. They don't
have to. They choose to. Uh what are we
seeing in this story? What's actually
going on?
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, then like you said
earlier, this is absolutely frustrating
and it just absolutely pisses me off.
This is this I've been saying over and
over again these journalists they have
blood in their hands at this point. So
you I'm glad that you mentioned all of
the previous stories. This is not new.
Many times you will see an article
written saying that Tesla's FSE crashed
and killed somebody or you know is gone
haywire and those are going on for many
years and as you pointed out they will
be sued. What has happened so far? Every
single one of them well over 10. And
we're not just talking ones, 2Z's have
all been proven that they were not
caused by Tesla's full self-driving
issue. This is just a blatant uh you
know immediate reaction by journalists
to do that. Now, that was several years
ago. That's fair. That was fair at that
point. I wasn't upset because this is
just normal. Today is a huge difference.
Tesla's now proven that full
self-driving is seven times safer
supervised than human drivers. Whimo has
proven that is so much safer to the
point that journ doctors have written
articles on New York Times and other
places saying that if this was a
clinical trial the the evidence is now
so overwhelmingly
obvious that they would have pulled the
trial off because it's it's no longer
morally ethically correct to have a
beta, you know, to have a to have a a
pilot to to sort to give to to have a AB
testing, right? You can't be doing that
anymore. You've got to give the better
product that you know saving lives. So,
here we are. We know that this product
already saves lives. Full self-driving
supervised and yet they will do this.
Now, if you show again that list of uh
the articles, it's one thing when they
all came out two days ago when this
accident occurred and you were showing
that 3 days ago, two days ago, they were
all saying these things. They didn't
know at the time, but pretty quickly
Elon and Ashra Kalaswami came back with
the evidence to prove that this was not
caused by Tesla self-driving. The driver
was pressing on the gas the whole time
and or the gas or the pedal to make the
car go 70 miles per hour. It was flying
and even after it hit the the wall and
burst through the the the house, the
pedal was still pressed down. meaning to
say that this is not Tesla's FSE
anymore. This was human control doing
this. So the the articles written two or
three days ago fine they came out they
said this but now once you now go back
to the ones just a few hours ago and
that's frustrating because look at this
makes no fatal Tesla makes Musk on fatal
Tesla crash in Texas. This makes no
sense because he did reply and he said
that this doesn't this yes this makes no
sense. FSE drives slowly through
neighborhood streets and this was a
hypesies crash. But the way that article
makes it sound like is like, oh my god,
Elon's saying this doesn't make sense.
My system is supposed to be safe. How
did it go haywire? That's not what he's
saying. Okay. And then Nitsa launching a
probe into this.
&gt;&gt; Fine, launch the probe. You'll report
that they launch a probe, but the
reality is then there's a lawsuit. But
guess what's going to happen days from
now, months from now, years from now?
will come back. Yes, this was not caused
by Tesla. But it does that matter
anymore? No.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Because the damage has been done. This
has gone global. And everybody out there
now has in their head that Tesla's full
self-driving is dangerous. And I don't
want to have my car go crazy and haywire
and go 70 mph and kill somebody. I
better not use it. When in reality, this
thing is going to save 44,000 people's
lives every year once every car has
this. And what have you done as a
journalist? Have you are you really
doing good for the humanity by promoting
this when you know the truth? Fred knows
the truth that once you move the
steering wheel even just a little bit,
once you press the gas too long, this
system will disengage and it's not on
anymore. It's not FSE anymore. It's a
human driving this. That is a fact.
That's clear. And guess what? Tesla and
Elon and Ashok Kowwami showed the data
because they track everything. They will
tell you. So yeah, this is not gonna the
lawsuit's not going to go anywhere. Nits
is not going to find anything, but
nobody's going to care by that point.
They will assume that this was all true.
They will be on to the next nonsense
story. Uh we did see uh a minute ago
some blurry uh Ring doorbell type
footage right here. You can see it. That
car is off the ground. It was
&gt;&gt; airborne.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it is uh that is not a known
failure mode. I said on on your show
when any product you own fails, it has
known failure modes. If I told you my
Windows encountered a blue screen of
death, you'd say, "Yeah, that happens
sometimes." If I said it uh was a purple
checkered one, you'd say that's probably
your graphics card. I don't know what
that is. uh because that's not how it
does it. When FSD fails, it fails on the
side of caution. It'll stop or hesitate
or slow down, uh rather than just go all
out crazy. That's not how it does it.
One thing that was pointed out, uh there
was a user on X who decided, you know
what, I've had enough of this. And
started posting all kinds of cars
crashing into houses and things like
that, showing that the articles never
mention the manufacturer. They do not
mention what brand of car it was. I saw
a discussion on Reddit where someone was
saying that uh that someone had posted
saying Teslas have dog mode. Isn't that
cool? It it not only is keeping the dog
safe but on the screen letting you know
that the dog is safe. Uh isn't that
cool? And someone said no. Someone their
kid died doing this. And I said, "Boy,
I'd really like to see a link to that."
Hyundai Sonata. That was a Hyundai
Sonata. Some woman left her kid in the
car. with the air conditioning on in an
Hyundai Sonata, it ran out of gas and
the baby overheated and uh did not
survive. That is
&gt;&gt; And if it's not an electric vehicle,
it's it's gas and you can't be doing it
indoors.
&gt;&gt; Should not be leaving a gas car running.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the and the reality was the
link that they provided for me didn't
even say the brand. I had to do
additional research to find out what
kind of car it was because why would it
even be mentioned? It doesn't make any
sense. They're doing it for the clicks,
those juicy.
&gt;&gt; You can hate a person. You There's many
reasons why and I completely understand
why somebody would not like Elon Musk
and his positions politically and so
forth. Absolutely. When you cross the
line and you start doing something like
this and you're doing it because you
hate the person versus what's good for
humanity. Again, net net. What are you
doing? You think that you're harming
Elon and therefore you're willing to
delay life-saving technology. 44,000
people dying, multi-million people um
having severe injuries. That's just the
US. If you go global, it's much bigger
than that. This is worse than airlines
falling. And somebody actually did a
statistic and I haven't collaborate
figur confirmed this but they said
something like it's equivalent to
solving cancer.
&gt;&gt; Like I don't know how accurate that is
but there's some number that's so close
to the number of people who are dying of
cancer that you're withholding that
because you hate the man the person who
who's going to who invented it. It's
crazy. Would you do that?
&gt;&gt; The number I saw was it's something like
a passenger jet a big passenger jet
falling out of the sky every day. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; if that was the case, you would you
would take it seriously. These people do
not. And I'm with you on this. There are
If you wish to boycott something, great.
Boycott it. But don't make the rest of
us boycott it because of your lies,
because of your stupidity, because of
your stubbornness. If uh you don't want
it for you, I guess that's fine. But the
reality is I want everyone to have FSD.
Not because it's necessarily better for
them. I do want that, but because it's
better for me if you have it. You will
not road rage when it's not you driving.
You will not suffer from the kinds of
distraction. I actually talked to
someone who said, "I wouldn't buy FSD
because I don't trust it." And I said,
"Well, it's, you know, but you're paying
attention. You're still you're still
eyes on the road." And he goes, "Well,
you know what? If I'm texting I car
doesn't let you do it. If you try and
text on your phone, the car will beep at
you and say, "Knock it off or I'm
shutting it off." And he goes, "Oh, well
then I definitely wouldn't want one." I
said, "Buddy, you are the driver. I do
not wish to share the road with you.
Would rather be full meat driven without
you actually driving uh without you
paying any attention. Just at that
point, you're a ballistic missile." So,
I don't know, man.
&gt;&gt; Can do you think that um Tesla or Elon
should sue these guys? Because this the
headlines were Tesla driver using
autopilot crashes into home killing a
woman. Basically instead of saying
allegedly or reportedly or
&gt;&gt; might might be.
&gt;&gt; Okay. No, it was Tesla
&gt;&gt; using Tesla using a killed a person. All
right. Aren't you like it's not illegal
to say things like that?
&gt;&gt; Right. So I'll I've long been of the
mind that don't sue him. It's not going
to go anywhere. But I feel like we might
need a temperature reset here because as
you'll point out, uh, if I murder
someone, the headline will not say Brian
murdered someone. It will say allegedly.
Every time. Allegedly, because they know
that that claim has a meaning. These do
not have the word alle. I mean, we
scrolled through. You saw I kept
changing my search parameters anywhere
from 12 hours to 3 days ago. I didn't
see allegedly once or twice he's not
tested.
&gt;&gt; The point is that Ashra Kawasami and
Tesla im pretty well replied within the
same day. They could have done it a
little bit earlier. These articles that
you're pointing out were just hours ago.
So there's after the fact check
everybody already know. Well, maybe not
everybody knows already, but Tesla had
already come out and rebutted it and
explained it and yet they're going to do
this and you know, innocent enough,
right? No, I would still say not
innocent enough. If you cover a topic,
you need to understand the topic. And if
you see video of a car doing 70 down a
residential street and you think that
that's possibly something FSD could do,
you need to pick up the phone and call
someone who actually knows the answer.
Because if you'd have done any fact
check at all, talk to anyone with any
amount of experience on FSD, call David
Moss. He will tell you that he has done
30,000 miles in the past year on FSD.
This is not a known failure mode.
Something else is going on. Um, if I see
a big house fire and I'm reporting on
this big house fire and I say, "Oh, the
fact that they had a a train brand heat
pump is the reason. I hope I get sued."
That's that's that's irresponsible.
That's reckless. Uh, and if I were to do
any factchecking anywhere, call a single
fireman and say, "Is my theory
reasonable?" They would tell me, "No,
don't don't publish that. You will look
like an absolute fool." But they don't
care. So, I feel like a temperature
reset might be what's needed. And the
beauty is you have your pick of the
litter on these publications. You It's
not like you have to look at one story
and go, "Wow, is this one does this rise
to the level of actionable?" There are
infinite stories, thousands of these.
Just pick the most egregious one and let
them uh be the uh be, you know, maybe
their role in life is to serve as an
example for others. Uh so I would say
that those publications may rise to the
level of useful after all just not in
the way they hoped. So we are addressing
this. We address all of these when
there's we saw it in China where someone
uh said that from a from a standstill
the car took off and drove what was it a
mile or two down the street
accelerating.
Take your foot off the pedal. Take your
foot off the pedal.
&gt;&gt; The famous one in China was that woman
who u made headlines saying that the the
brakes something to do with the brakes.
Remember that one?
&gt;&gt; I do.
&gt;&gt; And then she guess what? two years
&gt;&gt; got sued,
&gt;&gt; lost,
&gt;&gt; it was crazy.
&gt;&gt; As or whatever, apologizing.
&gt;&gt; So, in her in her case, she made the
claim. It didn't make sense and
everybody ignored it. That wasn't good
enough. She kept pushing. She started
doing protests at showrooms and car
shows. And Tesla finally said, "Look, we
have to let's let's litigate this." And
in the litigation, it was found that she
was wrong. I don't think it was her
driving. I think it was her parents
driving or something like that. But she
did have to not only pay a fine that was
substantial for an individual, an
inconsequential
fine to Tesla, but consequential to her
and had to publicly
&gt;&gt; damage was done. It was a year plus
later and it went wide and everybody
believes it. That's the
&gt;&gt; But it did result in a temperature reset
because at that point everyone else
knew, boy, if I'm if I'm going to say
something, I better say something real.
I Yeah, I did see a guy in China who was
angry about paying for FSD and not
getting it. And so he said, "Just for
that, I'm going to destroy my own
Tesla." And I'm like, "Oo, I got to see
this footage." And so he takes a
baseball bat and breaks only the front
windshield. I'm like, "That's
&gt;&gt; This is back destroying the car." What
pissed me off in January of this year,
so January of this year, there was a um
Nitsa reported that Tesla's robo taxi
had five incidents in one month.
&gt;&gt; And so then an article is written that
says Tesla is four times uh worse or
than human drivers.
&gt;&gt; Well, that goes global. Everybody picks
it up and does it. Not a single article
says what were those five,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; They all turned out
&gt;&gt; to be under four miles per hour fender
benders, you know, not a fender bender,
but actually just just touching just
touching the rear touching when you're
park. They're all parking lots
basically.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not a single one of them pointed out
what were those five.
&gt;&gt; And and and that pissed me off because
like can you imagine this is it? This
has gone out there globally.
&gt;&gt; That is irresponsible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And those were all you and I did a
show about it. We looked at not just
those five, but the first 14 and found
that uh that the automated system never
actually crashed. Uh it was two of them
were remote operators. Uh and there was
just uh some of them were touching the
tire to a curb. These are not the sort
of things that you would report. And
then of course you've got people like
Fred, specifically Fred Reuters did it
too. the numbers. Tesla's not seven
times safer. Those numbers are massaged
because it's comparing apples to
oranges. Well, no other manufacturer
publishes their crash data. So, if you
we're doing our best to determine what
the crash data is for the other
vehicles, but we have to fill in some
gaps because the manufacturers will not
fill in those gaps for us. So, it's just
infinite dishonesty and it's dangerous.
There's currently 17 incidents since
June of last year that robo taxi was out
there and finally a month ago, two
months ago, Tesla revealed the
unredacted, you know, u versions of it
exactly everything exactly what happened
for each one. I did a whole show walking
every single one of them. And they
should have done it earlier because it's
very clear that Tesla's not at fault.
There was cars hitting a a parked Tesla.
They have to report that. A curb, they
have to report that. It was actually
human drivers who were remote
controlling the car that had the worst
incidents, which just proves again,
leave the car to do it its own thing.
Don't let humans interfere. That's safer
than than not. But it's just it is
absolutely irresponsible for companies
doing this u to to try to or journalists
to do what they're doing. So I it is an
issue and that's why we need to do what
we're doing is fight back. So guys,
there you go. We addressed it head on.
What did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. And everyone else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots on the flippity
flap.