Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Executives Drop New Announcements
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKm-rrTqUlU
Published:   2026-05-25 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-25 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla and SpaceX continue to do the
impossible and this weekend the
executive team was out explaining how
they're doing it. Today we'll see what
Elon Musk, Gwyn Shotwell, Lars Moravey,
France von Holhazen and Yantaasai said.
First, SpaceX had a massive win with a
very successful 12th flight of Starship.
This is the first fully reusable orbital
rocket with the highest payload capacity
of any launch vehicle today. Second,
Tesla AI executive Yantasai revealed
that much of the software he wrote for
full self-driving was done using Grock
build and he added that he used it also
to accelerate cyber cap progress. Elon
confirmed that Grock is being used to
solve the hardest problems inside his
companies. Third, Tesla executives Lars
and Fron on the ride the lightning
podcast shared the real reasons Tesla
decided to discontinue the Model S and X
and for the first time we now can see
the Optimus pilot production line at the
Fremont factory. Finally, we have video
of Tesla's proposed 35,000t robo taxi
maintenance site in Irving, Texas, and
fleets of cyber cabs in both Houston and
Dallas were spotted now equipped with
gold wheel caps, robo taxi decals, and
front license plates. Might these be
getting ready to enter the robo taxi
fleet? Today, we got Jeff Lutz joining
us. He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. How you doing? good
Memorial Day weekend. Uh big event on
Friday when we saw SpaceX Starship.
Let's watch that. Uh can't do the show
without this because you know you can
argue this is probably the most
important event in humanity's history if
it becomes multilanetary. So this was
very successful. Starship uh was a test
flight. Elon shared a couple videos and
so did um of course SpaceX themselves.
I'll play those videos. Gwen Shotwell
said, "Congrats. Huge thank you to the
SpaceX team that always delivers. This
was an incredible first flight of a
brand new vehicle. Our collective future
flying amongst the stars has become so
much closer. This video here
shows the separation.
Beautiful. Look at these images.
There you go. Successful hot staging
separation.
And then this video,
&gt;&gt; yeah, Starship doesn't fly like an
airplane. It's a lot more like a
skydiver.
Full belly flop on the way down. Using
those flaps similar to arms to help
change the the the path of the air over
you. Coming up real soon.
Again, going for a landing burn. Trying
to light two of these Raptor sea level
engines.
&gt;&gt; Landing burn start up.
Landing burn startup.
Two engine flip.
Successful flip
go.
Oh,
amazing.
&gt;&gt; Wow. What did you think, Jeeoff? I I
just think there's a lot of emotion that
goes into that when you're when you're
either you're engineering the product or
manufacturing it or you have some hand
in in getting that product to to orbit.
It is, you know, going to be a
worldchanging
product and it's a very it's a very
special it's emotional for people to see
that. You know, I I comment the the
camera shots, you know,
SpaceX focused on improving the the
cameras uh the the frame rate, the
performance under various conditions,
and of course the connectivity via
Starlink. These are only things right
now that I think SpaceX is able to do.
And not only does it help them get
better data, but helps them show the
world that they actually have a a much
better product than the full ecosystem
around it. And it really shows you that
not only has the is the rocket itself
advancing, but everything that SpaceX
builds is advancing. This is a very
risky thing to do just a few weeks
before
uh the IPO as well. So, they've done a
good job, I think, explaining the the
goals of the mission and, you know, to
see that rocket land that way and then
and then blow up and, you know, people
cheering. I think it was kind of a bit
of a trap for the mainstream media that
reported it on it and and you know, is
that being the headline versus honestly
what the what the mission accomplished.
So, you know, hats off to the team. very
emotional thing to be a part of building
that for years probably uh the design
and and then all the all the testing
involved all the iteration involved and
to finally get that there and then yeah
just again they're they're they're
advancing at all levels it's not just
the rocket design it's everything around
it
&gt;&gt; yeah very very important this is a big
milestone this is first fully reusable
orbital and massive with huge payload
that's going to be able to do starship
V3 which is going to increase bandwidth
but then also take AI data centers
satellites into space. Um I wanted to
spend a second here talking about how
the team reacted at SpaceX team when you
know they're shouting USA.
&gt;&gt; As you can tell the teams are stoked to
see this demonstration happening. Uh
it's it's pretty incredible to see this
happening live from space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is an American company and
that is one of the most important
things, isn't it? Uh
&gt;&gt; I don't know how so many people just
ignore that part of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd be remissed if I didn't start
off uh I should have started off by
thanking everyone who served. You know,
today this will be this whole
&gt;&gt; Memorial Day and you mentioned it in the
beginning, Herbert, as well. It's just a
very important time for our country. Um,
in terms of, yeah, I mean, this is an
American company. There's nothing wrong
with having that nationalism. You know,
the Chinese rocket companies, they have
there's nationalism behind what they're
doing. The Russians as well. This is a
global race and this is the the bleeding
edge of technology. And if you think
about all of our great companies in the
US, you know, we have this focus on AI,
we have this focus on on social media
and ad tech. Uh, of course, the home of,
you know, Facebook, Google, then Amazon
was shopping. So many great companies.
But if you look at what th this is the
the blend of just raw engineering
and manufacturing
and to lead in the space race is one of
the most critical things out there. So
yeah, you should have you should have
pride about it. There's nothing wrong
with uh with doing anytime ever to be
honest with you. There's nothing wrong
with um having pride in the country that
you're building your products in and
you're you're launching them from and
the fact that this is a global race.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And the technology and you just
said it's not just you know LM which is
incredible. It it does incredible work
or benefits for humanity as as you know
education and information but what
Tesla's working on is saving lives and
SpaceX. Did you see this video that was
shared this weekend? Tessa Europe shared
this. FSE supervise avoids t-bone
accident in Netherlands.
&gt;&gt; Um, I need you to see this. This was
incredible. This is a famous YouTuber, a
Dutch YouTuber. He was testing out FSD
and a car drove straight through the red
light. But listen to what happened to
them.
What the heck? WHAT THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] HOLY MOLY.
JESUS, MAN.
&gt;&gt; HOLY [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
What the?
&gt;&gt; Oh my.
Oh my.
Hey, best thing ever. How?
&gt;&gt; What the hell, bro?
This buffer really saved the car.
and the Tesla.
Yeah, I'm gonna pause it and just
rewatch it again. It was pretty crazy.
&gt;&gt; If you um You have the sound off. Yeah,
it' be good. uh if you talk to police
officers
and you say how you know you have any
advice, especially the ones that have to
unfortunately go and and knock on
people's doors to say something serious
has happened to one of your family
members. One of the things I'll tell you
is when the light turns green, don't
automatically go. Make sure you scan
both ways, especially with uh uh
intoxicated drivers who one of the the
first things to go is your uh kind of
your sense of of um your judgment. Your
judgment goes and you take more risk and
those are the ones running, you know,
red lights at very high speeds. That
wasn't extremely high speed, but they
save themselves from an accident, which
important. This is one of the things
that a Tesla does. Just because the
light turns green and if you're on FSD,
it's not automatically going. It's it's
still following its first principles.
And if something is coming that you know
could it just it looks at the physics of
it and and there could be an accident,
it won't go even if the light is green.
And this is one of is one of the
life-saving features of FSD. Just this
feature alone, just this feature alone
will save countless lives. If you did,
if FSD did nothing else but not
automatically go at a green light and
made sure it was scanning either way,
just countless lives will be saved.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a very good example. I'm
hoping that because that happened in the
Netherlands and he's a big YouTuber.
Hopefully it just like we are showing
it, other people showing it, Tesla's
sharing it. This helps with approval. It
was already approved in um Netherlands.
Now we're hoping it gets approved in
other countries as well in Europe. Um if
you want to know which countries it
might go, Tesla Yodas has a guess. He
goes, "You don't have to be a rocket
scientist to figure out the next
European countries to approve FSD." He's
looking at where Tesla's hiring vehicle
operators internationally. Seoul, Korea,
Hong Kong, Thailand, Saudi Arabia,
Austria, Turkey, Lithuania, which we
already heard uh was approved it and
then Romania and India. So, it's this is
where they're hiring. So, very
interesting. What do you think about um
the validity of a statement here?
&gt;&gt; I mean, this is this is Tesla ramping.
Uh, and like I said, I I've said before,
I do think the stock is getting credit,
some amount of credit. It the the
argument is, is it an appropriate amount
or not? It's it's a big amount of credit
for
the scale of full self-driving. Of
course, the scaling of robo taxi because
it's a this is a really this is a really
big deal when when this gets to the the
kind of so you you can see Tesla
uh who are very conservative with
headcount requisitions, very
conservative with spend. As soon as
these requisitions are posted, the
finance team has to start allocating
to those budgets and it's it's a big
deal for Tesla. Now Tesla has signaled
that they're spending more in capex, but
this is going to these are these are
going to hit the the opex line all the
all all this headcount. So Tesla's
uh expense now there's multiple types of
headcount expense. There's the headcount
expense for R&amp;D. There's the headcount
expense for marketing. There's headcount
expense for manufacturing, which goes
into a different line. And this is more
of an operational launch piece. So, this
will more fall on the above gross margin
piece. This will fall, this is closer to
the production side of the house um than
to the R&amp;D side of the house. But the
point is is Tesla's every time you see a
requisition posted, Tesla's allocating
the money towards that. And that's a big
decision inside of Tesla. So they see
the trajectory, they see what's
happening and we can see it ourselves
from from 13, you know, xxx to 141 to 14
2 to 143
and the the level of improvement we're
seeing. Tesla is testing something. You
know, they've got 14, five, and six that
they're testing now and they they
continue to see that progression. So I
think the it's not an exact linear
thing. It's not like in in heristic
coding when you're just you're doing
normal coding, you're doing iterative
products, you've got an open rate, a
close rate. You've kind of got a fixed
pile of bugs. Like you've determined
what everything is and now it's just
like how many engineers can I put on it
to close these bugs and what's my open
rate? Is my open rate of bugs declining?
This is different. This is you're you're
you're gathering data and you're trying
to close off on as many edge cases as
possible to achieve a certain level of
safety. So,
this is a a very difficult societal and
engineering type target to hit. This is
this is one of the most difficult
engineering challenges I think I've ever
seen because it's a bit of a moving
target, but it isn't. Um, and and you're
trying to explain to people that there
will be with your technology, there will
be some incidents and there will be some
incidents where the product is at fault,
but it's going to be many, many, many
times safer. And I think even Tesla's
struggling a bit for how to
appropriately
apply those attributes. And and I've
said this before, I feel like we're
we're treating all accidents almost the
same. And and you know, if something
scrapes a curb, like a a curb, I I don't
put that in the same category as a
head-on collision or a T-bone or
something like that. And I'm not saying
Tesla is doing that, but uh the point is
is I when at end state, there'll never
be an end state. There'll never be a
state where this stops moving.
But um you can you can almost do it in
time. And in time, I can see this being
many many many times safer. And I think
overnight you we're going to see this
flip into like why why doesn't every car
do this? We're getting to that point.
it. You're seeing the frequency of these
videos, these um these viral videos
happening and before they were just
inside of the Tesla community and now
they're really spreading outside of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there you mentioned that um you
know Tesla seems to be now knocking off
these edge cases and you were involved
in one of these edge cases. I love it.
So, you are using Tesla full
self-driving version 14.3.3 and you
discovered that it you were about to
enter a car wash and it prompted the
main screen with a one-touch button to
enter car wash mode. Interested to
understand the detection scheme have a
few obvious guesses. So, the car now can
recognize that you were about to enter a
car wash and it kind of popped it up for
you. Yantasai Tesla executive in
responsible for AI said the car knows I
trained it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this one's You said,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, go ahead. Keep going."
&gt;&gt; Much of the software I wrote for FSD
version 14 was done with Grock Build. I
don't vibe code.
&gt;&gt; Is that great?
&gt;&gt; There's a couple things. Yeah, there's a
couple things going on there. Uh, first
off, I I was told by others and and
maybe this is the case because I don't
wash my car enough. Um, but this is this
this has been happening maybe since
14.3.2. It's it's it's new basically.
And what's interesting is is I go to a
car wash where I approach a booth and
there's somebody in the booth that
enters information and then as I leave
the booth towards the actual to enter
the car wash between those two is when
when the screen pops up.
&gt;&gt; So it doesn't do it before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it doesn't do it before. And it's it it
is kind of fascinating to know like what
is it triggering off of and how does it
know? Is it is it map and GPS data? Is
it also picking up on
&gt;&gt; um speech? Is it reading signs? Is it
So, it it is interesting and you know,
it's a nice feature because I've always
thought getting into car wash mode was
too many clicks hunting around on that
screen. And um it is nice. I don't call
that an edge case, by the way. I just
call that's a feature. That's a nice
feature. I didn't have to do that. The
edge cases are more of like where's this
thing dropping me off and
why am I parking too early and you know
things like that. But I can tell it's
it's getting smarter. We we were out to
dinner on Friday and I I noticed it
parked very far away and I'm like what's
going on?
and and then they pulled out of the spot
and tried to get closer. And sure
enough, every closer spot was was taken.
And I I think I think Tesla's getting
very close to being able to scan these
parking lots and really know um if
there's something closer or not. And
that will be an interesting time. But
that that to me is more of a con
convenience, not a a shows. the show
kind of the the the ones that are are
big issues is is where the drop offs are
wrong or it's having me park behind a
strip mall for you instead of the real
parking lot. There's still some things
to work on. So 1433 isn't perfect, but
it was nice to see this feature and I
think there's many other examples of
what who who knows what else you working
on. Right. Well, there's another one I'm
going to share. Uh, a new edge case that
they're working on right now that was
discovered. Uh, but in the meantime,
Grock is working on Tesla self-driving.
Isn't that a shock a little bit? Um,
yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have to talk about said
&gt;&gt; it's been it has been a critical tool
for me in accelerating cyber progress
and more than just coding. So he's
saying it's not just it's not just
helping with the coding part, it's also
helping with just business process of
accelerating cyber cap progress.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think this cursor
uh acquisition or or proposal of an
acquisition is more than just to help
XAI and to help the next Grock build. I
actually think that Elon wants this for
his companies and he wants more of this
capability because everything he's doing
is a software product and so you just
have to start thinking about I think
we'll talk more about it maybe tomorrow
just about the factories just think
about the engineering processes so this
cursor acquisition could be a much
bigger deal than just the implications
for for Grock and catching up with uh
anthropic and coding. It may be a very
big deal for Elon and his companies. I
think it will be a very big deal. And
this I don't think was in everybody's
bingo card. I I think everybody's talked
about LLMs and helping and and you know
turning you know 10x engineers into 100x
engineers and really helping
productivity.
But I don't think people looked at this
curve of robo taxi deployment. And it's
not just about training models and
hoping one one is good. I think they're
going to be really using these tools and
leveraging Grock more and more to
accelerate
product development process inside of
Tesla. Whether it's robo taxi, the robo
taxi app, the pro the the the vehicle
software,
uh you name it. I I think they're going
to be using their Grock coding
capability to accelerate. So, we may see
a faster rate of product or more
products under development just because
of this. Now, some of this is hardware
limited uh and in the future, some of
this will be silicon limited
specifically, but I think this is going
to help Tesla get more products out more
quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're actually going to talk about
it right now. um you know that Elon is
using this technology for his entire
company and you're like the perfect
person to ask that question to. So to
set the stage Yasai said Grock build
which is um you know SpaceX XAI's their
compute capability. Um so he he was you
know he was giving you prompts now to be
able to help it build you project
products and he was just not going to
share all this but he's just sharing
this information here and then this guy
said something you've been saying openai
has been solving 80year-old math
problems that's important but I'm seeing
gro struggle with enterprise adoption
because reliability is still a mess
building sub aent swarms is fun for
projects but using them for actual math
proofs need zero margin for error and
yet Tasota goes grock build should watch
and learn from claude code and cursor
inside macro hard. So everybody's saying
hey take a look what openi is doing take
a look what claude code's doing in
cursor they seem to be doing things
right Elon said the key is just closing
the loop on solving progressively harder
problems which we have plenty of at my
companies.
So while others are using, you know,
their LLMs to build code, which is
fantastic, he's Elon's using it to solve
real problems
inside his companies, which of course
other companies will want to take
advantage of. It it feels like a very
different approach and a very smart u
differentiator. What's your thoughts on
that, Jeeoff? Elon is a very flat
organization
and
he is a leader in pushing AI technology
out to the masses. But you'd have to
think, and I've been talking about this
for a couple of years, that as he sits
down with his head of supply chain, his
head of engineering and manufacturing
engineering,
he he has to sit down with them and
think through like what are all the your
key like what are the key KPIs whether
it's product is is it cycle time to
develop a car, the the body engineering,
is it the number of iter tooling
iterations from the first off tool to
the final tool. And how can all these
things and all that's money and that's
money and time. If you could if you
could develop products faster and need
less design revs and then you need less
revs getting the tool to match to the
design, then that's time that's just
taken out of the schedule and that's
cost that's taken out of the cost to
develop the project. And if you could
simultaneously improve both of those
things, your R&amp;D efficiency, your which
leads to your, you know, your opex leads
to your your your your margins for the
company and your and your revenues. You
can accelerate revenues.
Um it I mean the sky's is the limit. And
and the other thing is like how many
engineers are involved to do a specific
part? How many supply chain engineers
are involved to do a specific part? How
do we get
um Grock in to help our suppliers align
with our spec specifications faster?
There's so many different things. Every
piece of machinery
in our suppliers factory or our factory
could some way become sentience, could
some way have eyes, could in some way um
store data and then transmit that data
to uh the next useful place that would
need that data. Today, all of that
either doesn't exist or it's hardcoded
and it's manually clunky and somebody's
somebody's taking the flatness data uh
that's measuring um you know the
flatness data of a piece of glass for
example and then they're taking that and
they're applying it to some binning
standard or they're applying to some go
no-go gauge in the factory. And all of
this could be automated and it these
things could be connected and speaking
with each other. And what it could allow
is it could allow them to make more of
the better product in spec or it
actually could allow them to maybe even
utilize product that's slightly out of
spec, but that could actually align with
a particular
um uh set of components in the factory.
I I'm kind of I'm going a bit out there,
but there's so many different examples
of this where I think AI
the if if I'm Elon or if I'm one of
somebody who works, I'm trying to figure
out every possible way that I can
leverage AI so I can do more work per
person more quickly. So, productivity,
but speed, speed, productivity, and
cost. And and the the fourth thing I
would say is can I make a part that I
could never make before and that's
around the innovation piece of it. So if
I can do if I can focus on any of those
four areas
um the sky's is the limit and we haven't
like I said I've said before we've
really not done a lot yet. We meaning
collective world have not done a lot yet
of AI and manufacturing. It's coming.
It's going to have huge implications and
and huge implications in engineering as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sento, you've been talking about
this uh you know that one of the things
nobody's been talking about was AI in
the factories. Here we have Elon
confirming you know we're using Grock to
to actually you know the real world
problems that my businesses all have.
And then you've got Yanta Sai saying
that it's helped me with cybercab
program and of course I of course use
the coding to help me build FS and some
of these edge cases the AI is helping
them and this is why the Grock
integration plus also Tesla's own AI
together is so critical but because it
helps the companies and so as they
improve Tesla's companies are succeeding
and uh here's another edge case that we
were talking about that they're working
on This guy discovered that he he what
he thinks to be that FSD Tesla employees
testing robo taxi in Austin with this
problem with the gate, you know, when
you have a thin line, whether it's a
tape or one of those chains at a parking
lot. Uh Chuck Cook discovered that where
the car can't see it, doesn't know what
to do, and it goes right through it or
something like that. And so he saw this
where they were putting this kind of
tape here and it looks like that you
know that Tesla was testing it over and
over and over again. He actually did
approach those people and wanted to know
what are they doing and of course the
guy couldn't really explain anything
couldn't say anything but
I'll take the music the sound off but
clearly that is what they were trying to
do is testing to see if it can recognize
it.
So that's uh edge cases being tested.
Yeah, there's so many of them and
and and and
this is I I think the existence of these
edge cases
and they've always been there, but I I
think it's the most daunt it's the tail
and it's it's the most daunting thing
that anybody that's trying to predict
the schedule on these things. I mean,
there was the leading
robo taxi company in the US, you know,
was public that they had to take their
their freeway
um driving down to zero to to correct a
a bug and there was a one of their
vehicles going 70 m hour through a
construction zone being chased by a
police officer. So there's there's
there's things that have to get resolved
and everybody thinks that there's
there's one company that's resolved
everything and they just need to build
more cars and then Tesla we like we
don't know where it's just not the case.
T the the danger with Tesla is is they
could put so many cars out so quickly
that they have to contain them. They
have to contain themselves. these other
companies, the cost structure is so
prohibitive
that it's not even worth it for them to
do it. And they still have these edge
cases open. So Tesla literally has to
hold themselves back because they could
be they could produce thousands of
vehicles per day if they want to and
release them um to a network. So they
they they're holding themselves back.
They're not hardware limited. They're
not cost structure limited. They want to
make sure that all these edge cases as
many as they can are resolved and there
will always be by the by nature of the
definition there will always be edge
cases open. The question is is can you
knock all the severities down and then
can you knock the occurrence rate down
and that those two together are what
allows you to ship and and any product
too. You're trying to reduce the
occurrence rate of a defect and you're
trying to reduce the severity of a
defect. If there's any edge case that
could result in a safety issue, it's a
stopper and and and Tesla or any company
would have to solve for those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And edge case becomes important.
If you've got 10,000 cars or 100,000
cars, all of a sudden it's no longer an
edge case. It might actually be a
regular occurrence like once a day or
more. How many times do we see a chain
happens all the time? Um, you got to be
intelligent, not just visually, you
know, be able to see it visually. You
got to be understanding what's going on.
So, that was just fun. I don't know how
true that is. We don't know if that guy
made it up or not, but he's he's
claiming that that's what they saw. I
just thought it was fun. So, the uh this
interview happened um this weekend.
Write the lightning. Uh Ryan McAffrey,
check out his podcast. He interviewed
France and Lars. Let's listen to what
Lars says uh about the real reasons why
they dis decided to drop discontinue
model SNX.
&gt;&gt; You know, every five years or so, Euro
Encap uh updates their protocols.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um we passed uh fivestar crash safety
protocols with Model S and Model X when
we did the refreshes a few years back
and looking forward, you know, they're
getting more and more stringent. there's
more um you know especially with some of
the North American stuff around IHS and
it's just like we want to make the
safest cars on the road and that means
always making structural updates and
it's like we were at the point where
this platform like it was never designed
for like the small overlap and like the
the offset cases that exist now in your
cap and IHS and we made like band-aids
along the way to make sure it was it was
being safe in those positions but it was
just like man it's going to be a massive
overhaul and at same time, you know,
going back to the room, it was like we
were talking about Optimus and like
where do we put Optimus? And it was
like, well, we got to spend, you know,
however many hundreds of millions of
dollars to redo this in this factory,
&gt;&gt; but we also need a pilot factory for
Optimus. And it just kind of was like
serendipitous. I think that the two
things went hand in hand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's his answer. What do you
think, Jeeoff?
Um I the most interesting thing actually
in all that was the use of the term
pilot factory for Optimus. That tells me
that it's not just the capacity of the
line, but it tells me the way that
they're going to bring up that line may
be a little bit different. Uh, so
I I'm I'm
more I I believe more and more in them
starting Optimus this summer, whether
it's July, August, or September.
I'm not sure that that I mean, it
matters, but I I think it's going to be
at some point this summer they'll start
production. And I've actually talked
about this a couple of months ago that I
don't think that they're waiting in
Fremont to build a perfect fully
automated Optimus line. That's what'll
take many many months. I think this this
line is going to be something between
their their prototype operation and then
the large the larger full-scale fully
automated operation. And they may they
may fully automate it over time with
just lower capacity, but it tells me
that they're going to bring this up in a
way that they're they're not going to
lose their minds on automation like
automate for the sake of automate. They
want to get V3s built and they want to
get them out in the wild and they want
to get them V3 Optimus. They want to get
them out in the wild and get them
tested. um on the SNX. I don't I mean
the EuroN I I mean if these are reg
regulations for certain regions then
maybe they don't sell in those regions.
I don't know. I'm I'm not sure. We we
still I'm not saying Tesla's high it's
their decision. It sounds like they've
talked about it for a long period of
time and you know they've made this
decision.
I I just I wish there was some sort of
answer for
what do three and Y owners move up into
when they want a more premium vehicle.
Right now, I hope Tesla figures this out
quickly and closes the gap. This is this
is my opinion. It's fine. I anybody's
allowed an opinion. Um, but I hope they
figure out they hope they figure that
out because it's not ins it's not
insignificant.
And
anyway, well, that that's the it's I
guess the only thing I would say about
the the S. I I'm a multi-time owner. I'm
a little bit kicking myself that I
didn't get a signature ass. I probably
uh wish I would have now, but uh if
there's if there's an extra one, let me
know. But um I would just I would just
say that uh I hope they I hope they
figure out I think they are by the way I
I firmly believe I'm willing to bet a
friendly bet with anybody a Coke or a
beer or something that Tesla will
replace the SNX
with a vehicle with a a a premium
vehicle because right now there's this
niche Cyber Truck there's this niche
road very niche roadster eventually
coming and then you go down to the three
and Y doesn't it tells me that Tesla's
not going to leave leave that that gap
the same way and for people to tell me
like oh bro you don't understand it
that's not the mission quiet uh there's
a there's a way to construct a portfolio
and I think Tesla knows that and that's
why the SNX have been there um this
whole time and and for for such a long
period of time and I do think they want
to get back to it and I do think the
trade-offs were really there about
Optimus and that's why also the Roadster
is not going to be in in Fremont as
well. I do think there's actually
&gt;&gt; yeah an issue they are dealing with
there.
&gt;&gt; I think that's already confirmed that
it's going to be in Giga Texas. So this
is the Ride to Lightning podcast. Check
out his uh podcast. You can see the the
discussion that he had with these two
executives. Then we also saw this which
is a brief shot of the actual what looks
like to be the Optimus production line.
Um some people are going that could be
graphic, you know, CGI, but others think
it's pretty accurate because take a look
at the beams at the back. There's
actually apparently people in the back.
So this seems to be uh the actual
&gt;&gt; this image was definitely
this image was definitely this looks
like
manufacturing cells on an assembly line
like this doesn't look like anything
like oh my god it's nice that they're
it's underway. Um, I don't know if this
is the real operation or not. Maybe it's
just it's just obviously it's just part
of it. But there's to me this is just
tables and individual uh manufacturing
cells. You see some of these things
enclosed in glass. Uh, and those are
those are automated steps that are that
are enclosed in glass. But um, yeah, I
to me the he used the term pilot
factory. I think they're going to get
this up pretty quickly in the matter of
a few months and uh it'll be interested
I'll be interested to see the other re
people the other reason to to put they
call it a pilot factory and this is
important most of the Optimus
engineering is in the is in the Bay Area
and the best thing you can do for your
engineers is to have some place
colllocated they're not getting on a
plane and going 13 hours to Asia for
example, just somewhere to like within a
half hour of the engineering facility to
go and sit on the line and watch your
product be built and be part of that
build process. That is a very powerful
process. So to me this is act this is
Tesla's development flow for Optimus
engineer in the Bay Area hardware mostly
software and then get both a prototype
line going and this pilot line going
which could be a very high volume pilot
line actually and then from there
once it's ready to be to step up into in
super high volume then it goes to then
it goes to access.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. Uh and then just final points
here I want to make is um you've got
remember this a 35,000 foot maintenance
facility for cyber cababs and robo taxis
in Irving, Texas. We reported on it last
week. 16 V4 supercharger stalls, 212
stalls for vehicle storage. We learned a
lot more about the actual build plan.
Thank you to Marco RP to do that. And
then we also have a video. So this
person went there, Spencer, and he
toured it. So he says that it's very
close to
&gt;&gt; Hey, welcome to the future, home of
Tesla's robo taxi maintenance and
cleaning facility, or at least a
potential location for it here in
Irving, Texas, which is a suburb of DFW,
very close to DFW airport. This location
was spotted by Marco RP on X and it's
about 35,000 square ft at least the
chunk of the building that they're
considering to spruce up and make into
the robo taxi depot or maintenance
facility. And then behind this building
is another building. And then on the
other side of that is a parking lot
which would also be in consideration for
the robo taxi lot and some potential
superchargers there as well for the
fleet. Okay, this is the backside of the
potential robo taxi lot with some garage
doors. This would be the location of the
200 plus parking spaces associated with
the robo taxi uh maintenance facility
here in Irving, Texas.
It looks like that it's uh pretty well
almost done there if you saw that. And
then um this is Houston Robo Taxi Hub.
They looks like that they are all
equipped now with gold wheel caps, robo
taxi decals on the front. There's been,
you know, progress every single day.
That's happening. Um, and then here in
Dallas,
&gt;&gt; I spy with my little eye at least four
cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; Four cyber cabs in the back. Uh, again,
gold wheel caps and apparently robo taxi
front plate also front plates. Yep.
&gt;&gt; That facility looks good. You know, when
when you're developing a product, they
know one of the one of the conversations
is to build something called the
holistic reliability model, which is
what items are going to wear, at what
rate, and then there's an actual
procurement and and purchasing scheme
set up post-p production for how many
replacement parts I'm going to buy and
where am I going to store them and who's
going to order them. And that's what
Tesla's doing. And so they've sized this
facility, the drawings for this
facility, the number of parking spots,
everything's actually been rather
meticulously planned based on that
holistic reliability model of how much
time will these be on the streets doing
actual real work and have good uptime
and how much time will they need to be
just doing routine maintenance, like
there wasn't an error, but they're doing
preventative maintenance. And then how
much time will they be actually down
because something broke? And what are
the top parts that will break? Those
things are thought up in advance. I just
wanted to make that point. And it helps
them size these facilities for part
storage, for vehicle storage, and how
much time they're going to need for
repairs. So, it looks like a pretty nice
facility. And it looks like they're
distributing cyber cabs everywhere. And
we're just software releases away from
these things being in the street.
&gt;&gt; And they're using AI. And you can tell
that even the cars have AI in them, not
just to help you drive, but actually to
discover these problems. and then report
them to the maintenance facilities, tell
them what's the problem. Thank you so
much, Je. It's coming. It's coming. All
of uh things you were saying using AI in
the factories, Elon confirmed it and
Yantasai is using it. So, that's a
really big uh revelation today. Follow
Jeff on his ex account at the Jeff Lutz.
Thanks everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.