Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon’s Companies Are Bootstrapping Each Other
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER5BAcNUzWI
Published:   2026-09-11 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-11 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon's companies are not siloed. When
Cybertruck needed some work with
metallurgy and things like that, they
brought in SpaceX folks because they
know how to do really good stainless
steel and things. Um, when when SpaceX
needs some actuators and batteries and
things, they bring in the Tesla
engineers. When Tesla needed an
incredible data center, they brought in
well actually when XAI first needed it,
they brought in some Tesla engineers.
But then they learned a whole bunch of
stuff. And then when Tesla had to do it
for uh I can never remember which one's
Colossus and Cortex, but anyway, when
they had to do theirs at Giga Texas,
then they brought in some XAI people. So
So Elon, he doesn't care. It's like you
work for one of my companies. We'll work
out the finances and whatever and you
guys come help us out and then we'll
help you out. And so his companies are
able to bootstrap each other. They're
not all siloed away from each other.
There is this persistent myth that Elon
gave away XAI to his own private company
to his to enrich himself when Tesla
shareholders should have gotten that
benefit. And I'm here to tell you that's
not how it works. So, I'm going to give
you a bunch of reasons why it doesn't
make sense. It [music] wouldn't have
worked and that ain't what happened.
Final answer, Elon did not steal XAI.
[music] I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; So, if I'm going to talk about AI, I got
to talk to someone who knows a bit about
it, someone who has a company that
actually creates it uh for real world
applications, for real world customers,
uh some of whom you would know the name
of if I told you, but uh I don't imagine
I'm allowed to do that. So, John uh
welcome welcome to the show. Uh so,
there's let me explain let me walk walk
you through it. What I hear people say
is he should have created XAI within the
company. We all knew it was going to be
valuable, but uh he didn't. He put it in
a separate company that he owned, that
he controlled, that he makes money off
of, and then hired all those engineers
there, raised money there to get the
hardware, to get the operational costs,
and all of that should have happened
inside of Tesla.
Before we go line by line, what's your
take? Uh my take is that people don't
understand publicly traded companies. I
think that's the real short take.
It's exactly the kind of situation where
I like if there's a big difference
between being a startup and being and
the stuff that you can do as a startup
company and to some extent SpaceX
because it was not public at the time is
it's a very latestage startup you might
call it but it was still it was not
public and a very wellestablished public
company like Tesla that had been public
for decades. So,
&gt;&gt; all correct. All correct. Uh, so, uh, by
the way, I should mention real quick,
uh, John's got a presence on X, Dr.
Knowitall 16. Uh, but he has also got a
YouTube channel. Both of which
fantastic. Follow him. Look at that.
98,500.
Guys, guys, push him over the cliff,
would you?
&gt;&gt; Close.
&gt;&gt; Get us.
&gt;&gt; Push me over the cliff. Wait a second.
Maybe push me up the cliff, not over the
cliff. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Both of those. Do both. Uh,
counts the same. So what I saw at the
time was that there was no appetite
within Tesla investment uh for this new
venture that would have been very far a
field from anything in their core
business from automotive from energy
from even FSD. FSD is to this day uh
very separate. Uh there wasn't much
appetite and it would have been
eyewateringly expensive. How much does a
company like Google or Meta, companies
with a very high stock price that's
unlikely to 20x or 50x or 100x in the
next few years? How much are they paying
to get their top AI engineers?
&gt;&gt; Oh gosh. I mean, I've I've heard stories
over a million dollars plus bonuses uh
per year plus, you know. So, it might be
$2 million the first year and then a
million. I mean, it's just it's eye
watering. I wish that I was one of those
people. That would be nice, you know.
&gt;&gt; And what I've seen is 8 figure, nine
figure contracts
&gt;&gt; where [clears throat] it is infinite
money, an amount of money that doesn't
that would have eroded Tesla's cash pile
immediately.
&gt;&gt; And the problem,
&gt;&gt; and let's not forget about all of the
compute that you have to give to them,
too. You can't just hire somebody
without giving them compute. And and I
know Tesla has a lot of compute, but
it's very focused compute. So,
&gt;&gt; it's already in use. uh XAI had to buy
billions of dollars of compute that
would have that would have eaten into
the cash pile in ways that investors
would have raised alarms about. Uh why
are we doing this? But the reality is,
John, if I hire you for $10 million, you
already have $10 million.
That can that can eat away some of your
motivation. But if I give you $300,000,
$500,000 in company stock.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And all you have to do to turn it into
20, 50, $100 million is build the thing
I'm hiring you to build.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; You're going to
&gt;&gt; basically work your ass off for a few
years. Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Work your ass off.
&gt;&gt; No, that's very motivating. And that I
think is the other that's why I was very
specific. It wasn't just that Tesla's
public. It's that they're later stage
public. They they've been public for a
long time. Their stock, as we all
investors know, it just kind of sits and
it goes up and down a lot because it's
volatile, but not at the kind of 10x 20x
sort of thing that stocks can do in the
very very early days. You're just not
going to see that kind of thing. That's
how there were a couple ways that Elon
was able to attract top talent. One is
he has a habit of turning anything into
gold. That that helps. People want to
work for Tesla. They want to work for
SpaceX. These are highly sought-after
things and if you can if you've got this
new company and I'm going to give you
this stock, you have confidence. So,
they were able to attract a level of
talent that I don't think they could
have within Tesla. Uh would you agree or
disagree with that? I would agree and
I'll go one step further which is they
needed not just top level talent which
of course Tesla Tesla does attract but
they needed top level talent for people
who wanted to do large language models
artificial general intelligence things
like that that is like let's say that I
I was somebody who um was just like one
of the top researchers for uh for AI for
specifically large language model type
of things that's not really Tesla's
mission they're doing full self-driving
they do have very very talented an AI
scientist. They're they're really
talented people, but that's their focus,
not the other thing. And I'm not going
to go want to go work for a company when
they tell me that I have to work on
something that's not my interest area.
So, it's not just right. You've got
either or. It's either you tell the
investors that these guys are you're
spending tens of millions or billions of
dollars to do something that's not part
of the company's core mission or you
tell these very topt talented scientists
that oh yeah 50 or 60% of your job, you
know, your real job has to be in
something you don't even care about.
That that's a bad situation to be in.
Now you look at a lot of different AIs.
You use a lot of different AIs. I think
of the major ones you've actually used
them hands-on all of them. Is that about
fair?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, my perception, tell me if I'm wrong
here, that XAI is one of the latest of
the entrance
&gt;&gt; and one of the leading depending on the
benchmark, depending on the week,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Grock's models, XAI's models are at the
top or near the top consistently despite
being one of the latest, if not the
latest major player to the game,
&gt;&gt; right?
How did they how did we pull that off?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; If not by hiring [laughter] if not by
hiring the the most motivated people and
dangling in front of them all the
carrots in the world,
&gt;&gt; right? Including also building out
incredible amounts of data centers
incredibly quickly. They were able to
build out these things because again, if
you have these scientists, it's not like
the old days where you have a scientist
with a little tiny chemistry lab. I
mean, this is the equivalent of these
giant bio pharmacy companies that spend
billions of dollars to get a medicine to
market. You've got to build that same
kind of infrastructure except
specifically to train and um and work
with artificial intelligence. And so,
you have to spend all this money on the
human beings. Then you have to spend all
this money to build these data centers
and you have to do it really fast, which
nobody thought was possible until Tesla
did it. They were kind of like, "Oh
yeah, hold my beer. I can do that."
&gt;&gt; XAI did it, you mean?
&gt;&gt; Sorry, XAI. Sorry, my bad. And the Tesla
data centers are the same thing. They
borrow the XAI people
&gt;&gt; because they share competencies. And the
reality is, John, correct me if I'm
wrong on this one, but
&gt;&gt; Tesla and then XAI
SpaceX put up cohesive clusters of a
size that the manufacturer thought was
impossible.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Exactly. Exactly. In an amount of
time that everybody thought was
impossible, too.
It's pretty impressive stuff that they
did. And I I I think that we can
actually dwell on what you said just a
second ago, too, which is that Elon's
companies are not siloed. Um, when Cyber
when Cybertruck needed some work with
metallurgy and things like that, they
brought in SpaceX folks because they
know how to do really good stainless
steel and things. Um, when when SpaceX
needs some actuators and batteries and
things, they bring in the Tesla
engineers. when Tesla needed an
incredible data center, they brought in
well actually when XAI first needed it,
they brought in some Tesla engineers,
but then they learned a whole bunch of
stuff and then when Tesla had to do it
for uh I can never remember which one's
Colossus and Cortex, but anyway, when
they had to do theirs at Giga Texas,
then they brought in some XAI people. So
So Elon, he doesn't care. It's like you
work for one of my companies, we'll work
out the finances and whatever, and you
guys come help us out and then we'll
help you out. And so his companies are
able to bootstrap each other. They're
not all siloed away from each other.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And what I would argue is I I know,
look, I would have loved to have gotten
in on that, you know, 100x opportunity.
All of us would have.
&gt;&gt; I was not an accredited investor. I am
still not an accredited investor. I
don't get those opportunities. And
frankly, by the time I would have had
the confidence in uh XAI or SpaceX, they
wouldn't have wanted my $10,000 or even
if I had a hundred, they're they they
were looking for millions of dollars to
get in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I actually am an accredited
investor. I don't know how exactly, but
anyway, but I don't have anything like
the kind of cash to, you know, when they
when they're like, "Hey, do you have a
million dollars?" I'm like, "Uh, no,
sorry." You know, [laughter] it's like
that's that ain't happening. So,
&gt;&gt; I have a coupon.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Uh 10% off coupon.
&gt;&gt; This video doesn't need to be long. Uh
what I wish to communicate. And by the
way, if you value videos like this, uh
please do subscribe. If you value John's
feedback, head over to his channels,
give him some love, subscribe. Uh you
can even support us. There's ways to do
it. It's all in the description. But
look, my conclusion is there is no way
that the company could have started
within Tesla. It wouldn't have been
allowed to. It wouldn't have had the
budget to scale up compute. It wouldn't
have had the ability to attract the
people. And if they had built it within
Tesla, it wouldn't have succeeded
because you didn't have the people. You
didn't have the hardware. You didn't
have the right pieces. What you would
have today is investors looking back and
saying, "See, I told you we shouldn't
have done this. We spent a few billion
instead of 10 or 20 or 30, which would
have eaten the entire cash. They
couldn't have raised more money to to
buy all that equip. They that was wasn't
in the cards. They would have they would
have failed if they had if they tried to
do it in the company and they wouldn't
have attracted the people. They wouldn't
have attracted the money and we wouldn't
it wouldn't be what it is today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there would have been a
shareholder riot when they said they
were going to do it and then there would
have been a shareholder riot when it
didn't work. So all the share all the
people who are like oh I wanted them to
do it inside Tesla are are not thinking
this through very carefully. They would
have rioted if Tesla had said that they
wanted to do this. [laughter] They would
have said this is crazy. I I was a
shareholder. I would not have supported
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Um I that's not because I don't have
confidence. That's because I don't think
it belonged inside the company. I don't
think we've got this beautiful pile of
cash as shareholders looking at it. this
big mountain of cash on hand
&gt;&gt; and I know every side ventures eye in it
and saying that's mine give me that it's
like no no no no that has a purpose you
may not understand it today but for
building out optimist for building out
robo taxi and cyber cabab it is going to
be needed and a certain amount in
reserves is what you need to actually
get good credit terms right
&gt;&gt; so what did we miss what do we
misunderstand why are we wrong why are
we right oh my god Gosh. Uh, everybody
else, like, subscribe, do what you do,
and stay tuned. Stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you, clever robots,
with your very polite rebuttals.