Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       AGI Will FLOOD Tesla and Mag7 Stocks with Cash (I Did the Math)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIBl_ATJAak
Published:   2026-04-04 20:07 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-04 20:52 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Happy Easter weekend and we are going to
discuss on this beautiful weekend all
across the world across Europe across
Australia, New Zealand, Canada, United
States. We are going to discuss the most
strategic issue of our time. It is not
Iran. It is not global politics. It is a
simple question. Are we in a giant AI
bubble? And is all our investments and
portfolios are they all at risk or are
we actually looking at a beautiful
bright future at least financially and
we are all safe? That is the big
question. And if you listen to the media
and you read what's in the headlines,
you will think everyone is very sure we
are in a giant bubble because there is
so much expenditure, so much capex being
invested in Nvidia chips, in AMD, in
Broadcom, in the buildout of the
hyperscalers. And there is on and on and
on articles and reports in the media
that there is a bubble. Look at this.
Time magazine, for example, the AI
business bubble at the core of the AI
bubble is a basic math problem. Really,
let's read. There is a fundamental
mismatch between the trillions being
invested. It's actually 670 billion, but
fine. Invested into the infrastructure
to develop AI and the billions people
and companies are spending to use AI.
specifically JP Morgan Chase analysts
anticipate $5 trillion of spending on AI
infrastructure between now and 2030. Me
too by the way. A little bit more. This
year alone four tech companies Amazon,
Alphabet, Meta and Microsoft have plans
to invest 670 billion on AI
infrastructure when measured as a
percentage of the US GDP. This is more
than the Apollo space program obviously
the US interstate highway blah blah
blah. Yet, OpenAI and Anthropic have
annualized revenues of about 25 billion
and 19 billion respectively. Unless AI
revenues grow by orders of magnitude
soon, they are there's a Grand Canyon
sized gap that will be hard to cross.
Notably, the ZOVA investment is being
funded by the public. Big tech companies
are spending their cash using capital
from equity investments, issuing record
level of corporate bonds, and leveraging
private credit. The size of the required
investments means that nearly every
financial market is involved. Well, of
course, it's the public. Who else would
like if they mean by the public, capital
markets? Yes, they're involved and
they're funding it. And these news go on
and on and on. But when you ask the
smart people, not Time magazine, and you
look for example at Poly Market, will AI
bubble burst by December 31st this year?
16% say yes. That means 84% say no. I
believe in Poly Market. I believe in
these betting markets. There are lots of
smart people there and they put their
money at stake. So why is Poly Market
saying no bubble bursting? Probably also
not next year, probably never. And why
are all the dummies in the media saying,
"Oh, there's a giant bubble." Well, as
we just saw here in this Time magazine
article, they're talking about the
bubble because they're saying, "Look, we
spend so much money. It's so hard to
understand. It's trillions. But at the
same time, OpenAI and Anthropic only
make, you know, 10 billion or something
each, and that's not enough to pay for a
trillion, right? So we today are going
to look at a little model that I
developed to actually look through
what's going on. It's a very simple
model, but it will reveal something that
is incredibly important. You know that
we in Pioneer Land and Pioneer Alpha are
good and focused and specialized in
quantifying the world and the future
because we're building a world model
that allows us to see the future not
through a crystal ball but through
Google Sheets.
and that we put smart things a little
bit supported by AI. So this is just a
little exercise here to just give us a
feel for what is actually going on. Now
let's look at this. Here you see the
capex 670 billion in trillion. So I just
did this very quickly but this is like
in trillion in trillion USD. Okay. When
you look at capex you have to understand
a simple thing. There's a certain
payback time you need for that capex to
break even. That is this whole model.
And I'm going to go through this to
understand is it rational that the
hyperscalers buy so much Blackwell and
Nvidia chips? Is it rational that Tesla
is building a terra? Is it rational that
SpaceX is going to space to actually
build space AI compute out? And is it
rational that people actually want
Nvidia chips and Nvidia stock? And is it
therefore irrational that Tesla, Nvidia,
and other AI stocks are right now
crashing because of tactical Iran
issues? When it comes to capex, when
you're spending 670 billion of the
hyperscalers, they make the bunch of the
majority of course the vast majority of
spending in the United States. You need
to get your money back. This is payback
years. What is payback years? The number
of years you want to get your money
back. 5 years is good. That is basically
the capex depreciation. If you buy a
chip, it you you know depreciate that
over 5 years, which implies you want to
be paid back within 5 years. Margin, we
assume 60% margin. That's very
important. Now based on that we can
basically derive this little thing here
is the break even X it's actually not
ROI it's break even to be more accurate
let's put in capex break even here you
see the important number and I'm not
going to bore you too long I will make
it very quick the required 5-year
average revenue what do you need 220
billion a year okay so the people who
spend 670 billion this year Amazon
Google and so on Microsoft they need to
make in average 220 billion over the
next 5 years in average revenue back
from this investment. Okay, of course
then they continue spending. We will go
into that and then they need more and
more back, right? Uh but here you see
roughly what it is. And the model is
very simplified, right? You have to add
this all up and so on and so forth. And
what I did here is very simple. I
compared it to the projected AI value,
AI value generated over the next 5
years. And then I calculated what is the
percentage of value that these
hyperscalers have to actually capture to
get to that number to get to 220 billion
in average over the next 5 years. And as
you can see, it's surprising. It's very
low. In my model, if the hyperscalers
only capture 15% of the money generated
and spent on the AI they are actually
delivering to the market, they're only
getting 15% of that over the next 5
years. In average, they will break even.
And I can tell you they are not getting
15% right now. They're probably getting
over 100% right now because this is
venture funded and they're actually
getting a lot of money back. So, they're
vastly in the green. But of course you
can ask Joe, where does this number come
from? 1.4 trillion average AI value.
Well, very simple. Now we have to go
into the key aspect of this model. How
did I even compute this? You have total
labor spent. This is all in trillion
USD, right? The total amount of value
spent on labor in the western world.
This is the western world which means
Europe, United States, Canada and so on.
Australia and New Zealand,
$30 trillion a year is being spent on
labor. That is the Western Hemisphere
sphere labor expense without China,
without Japan, and so on and so forth.
30 trillion. I'm only focusing on the
West. That gives China a good chunk of
the market. 30 trillion spent. Now, the
AI replacement share is the share of
labor that is being replaced by AI. Of
course, that's at the core of our models
here where we are building out the AI
trajectory and the AGI trajectory with
most of the verticals that make up human
labor, the markets, right, healthcare,
so on, financial, professional services
and so on. We estimate that AGI will
reach 100%.
Meaning beating the median human across
the board in nearly all of these areas
in 2027, in early 2027, some of them
even late 2026 like coding. Okay. So,
and then there's a lag in
implementation, but not much of a lag.
So, we are assuming here's the
assumption. 1%
of these 30 trillion will actually be
replaced in 2026. Okay, I think that's a
safe assumption cuz look at the
explosion of AI applications. Look at
the coding. Look at all kinds of stuff.
The fact, by the way, that AI replaces
that amount doesn't mean it's actually
replacement. It it means it captures
that amount of value. We are not talking
about if the humans find new jobs, if
the labor market is expanding rapidly,
right? Uh
you know the paradigm Javon's paradigm
that we actually consume more labor if
it becomes cheap. And then there's an AI
share additive. So basically I'm saying
if AI replaces 1% of the human labor, it
also adds another 2% in I usage because
of J1's paradox. Right? So basically I'm
assuming in addition to that so here's
the 200% for every job AI replaces it
also adds two more job that it also
replaces. Okay what does it mean? It
means if you have 10 marketing people on
your team and AI replaces one you're
also paying for two more AIs because
it's so awesome. And of course the
underlying assumption here is that I
have is that this AI laborer that
replaces your laborer costs only 10% of
the human. So you're getting a 100%
human replacement for 10% of the cost.
And that is of course the big driver.
And that is why if you replace one
person in your team with an AI agent and
pay the AI agent 10%, you're also buying
two additional AI agents without
replacing more humans. So that is that
rate the AI labor additive and that
means 1% replaced 2% added 3% in total.
And here this is being multiplied then
simply with the 10% labor cost. Right?
So you're replacing you're basically now
adding or AI eats up 3% of this 30
trillion but only gets.3%
because it costs only 10%. That is the
revenue generated and then we do the
math
right because this line here is
basically the full replacement and the
line below is the line that tells you
how much is added and then below that
you see the trillions added in AI value
total AI value share right
so this in short is the model so we're
adding roughly a trillion dollars right
or AI value share is a trillion dollars
not the added that's the old equivalent
n of that it's actually not a trillion
it's a little less have to add one
decimal point here let me do this very
quickly so it's not a trillion it's 900
billion roughly see and then 10% this is
the actual money generated this is the
actual economic revenue based value
generated that is the revenue these AI
agents that are now replacing the humans
are adding right
$90 billion in AI spend on the actual
agent level. Okay, that is what we are
seeing here. But next year in 2027,
because of that growth, 5% of jobs will
be replaced. Maybe you think I'm crazy.
Maybe you think, Joe, we are not
replacing 5% of human labor. Believe me,
we will. Then we are replacing 10%, 20%,
40% by 2030. That's pretty conservative.
That's still not even all white collar
jobs. So I'm very being very
conservative here. Here we are assuming
the robots kick in in 20 33 and 34 and
then we are getting very high. Right? I
think the most important number is not
even that one. It's the total added
jobs. I think here I'm being way too
conservative. Companies are not going to
spend only 2x on each human replaced.
Right? So one agent replace one human.
You're adding two more agents. I think
that number is wrong. Maybe my
replacement share in the end in 2033
2034 is too high. It levels out at 90%.
Because you could argue there a bunch of
humans that are hard to replace. Let's
see about that. But sure, maybe I'm too
high here, but I'm definitely too low
here. So the bottom line is the AI value
chair number the trillions of dollars
generated down here from actually AI
agents that is the number that matters
because that number this number here in
trillions of dollars 500 billion next
year roughly a trillion in 2028 2
trillion 2029 3.9 trillion in 2030 6
trillion in 2031 8 trillion 2032 9
trillion nearly 10 trillion in 2034.
That is the cash spent on AI agents.
Okay, based on a simple assumption that
you pay 10% of human wages to your AI
agent, right? Multiplied with the
capability, you get to this. This is my
projection of the actual AI endp point
revenue coming into the space. And that
number 90 billion this year, 500 billion
next year, 1 trillion the year after. I
think conservative numbers based on what
is going to happen. That number
determines how much money is generated
through the AI agents. And that number
down here then tells you what is the
percent the hyperscalers, the people who
buy the Nvidia chips actually have to
make in order to break even. These
numbers are extremely low. These are
extremely easy to hit. So why do we have
the bubble talk? We have the bubble talk
because people do not do the math.
Number one, I mean, we talking about
Time magazine. They probably don't even
know how to spell math. Okay, so these
people are not very good at math. It's
very sad, right? They don't know how
this works. Uh, we have other geniuses
like Joseph Stiglets. He's also not the
best in predicting anything. He's also
saying overinvestment, overinvestment,
AI bubble. Stigllets is not known to be
a very savvy businessman who can predict
the future. If I'm right and there is a
bubble, Stiglets warned. Well, you're
not right, Stiglets. Then the breaking
of any bubble is really bad in the short
term for the macroeconomy. Sure. So this
entire discussion basically evolves
around first of all the model that they
don't have. They have to understand this
model, right? If you have the capex, you
need average 5-year revenue coming in.
This 5year revenue comes from other
people spending on AI, your customers.
If you're Amazon, if you're Google, if
you're Microsoft, you're buying from
Nvidia. Then you're deploying your
hypers scale super AI factories and
other people the agent owners lovable
cursor these kinds of people anthropic
open AAI they are buying from you right
and then they're keeping the difference
because they're selling their products
into the actual value generating end
chain and here's exactly how much they
have to pay you so if openio is some
endpoint agent provider lovable cursor
open claw people OpenAI uh or anthropic,
you know, claude code or whatever. If
they make $100, all they need to pay to
Amazon or Microsoft is $15 of the 100
and then $11 and then $10. It goes down
the percentage because this goes up so
much in order for them to break even.
And then you understand now you
understand why the capex of Tesla in
chip manufacturing, the capex of Nvidia
is very justified because the hyperscala
capex is very justified because the
enormous amounts of money and effort
poured into the agent systems that
actually replace jobs is super
justified. Now we know why. As long as
this line holds up, as long as this is
the replacement rate and this is the
multiplier, we are golden. the
replacement rate will be probably a
little lower in the 30s and the
multiplier will definitely be higher. So
we should be golden. And that means that
capex over here, look at this capex.
They said 5 trillion by 2030. I'm
estimating a little bit more. We can do
quick math. How much is this actually?
Where's my sum number here? Sum bing
bing bing. And you see that my number is
much higher than 5 trillion. It is 7.3
trillion. I'm saying 7.3 trillion. JP
Morgan says 5 trillion. Not bad JP
Morgan by the way. Uh and then these
little dummies, they say this is way too
much. 5 trillion. Well, I'm saying 7
trillion is definitely not too much
because they're going to drown in money.
We going to drown in AI agents. We're
going to drown in extreme capability.
Sure, we might get killed by these
agents, but that's another story. Not
for Easter. For now, we just know if we
invest in this stuff, we're probably
going to get rich. So, I hope that was
helpful. This is my first little model
here. I developed half of it while we
were talking. Uh, I just did this in
probably 20 minutes before because I
find it fun and I think it's going to be
very helpful. We're going to discuss
this model in the Pioneer Academy. Go to
pioneeracademy.com
or pioneerens.org. We're building these
models out and we are building what I
call the control room for reality
engineering where we predict the entire
world based on some KPIs around robots.
Hi, autonomous transport space AI AI
blockchain very important didn't touch
on it today and of course macro and this
predictive model that we are building
helps me to do a little portfolio
management for Pioneer Alpha helps all
our members to do their own stock
assessments and ultimately lead us to
creating an AI economy an economy that
actually works for everyone at least for
everyone in Pioneer Lands cuz the rest
is unfortunately clueless but
fortunately Ely, you're not clueless
because you watched this video. I hope
this was interesting. Beautiful. Happy
Easter and see you tomorrow.