Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The 5 Questions Every Tesla Investor Is Asking Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2UcYe0M_yQ
Published:   2026-05-11 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many of us Tesla investors feel like
we're at a moment in time for the
company that is a pivot point where
sometime soon maybe Tesla will
skyrocket. But how real is this? Today,
let's explore the top questions you
might have in mind. Is the auto rebound
around the world real? And will we see
huge increases in sales this year,
especially with FSE becoming a demand
driver? Might we see the stock go up as
Tesla rolls out more and more
unsupervised robo taxis? What does the
stock do at 500 or a,000 unsupervised
robo taxis? Perhaps the better metric to
follow is the number of rides per week.
What might we expect to happen to
Tesla's stock when SpaceX IPOs and what
happens over the rest of the year? When
is the most likely time Tesla stock gets
back past its all-time highs? And what
is the biggest catalyst nobody's really
pricing in yet? Something perhaps like
unsupervised personal use. That's what
Piper Sandler claims. To help us answer
these questions, we have Larry Goldberg
with us today. Larry's a serial
entrepreneur. He has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out his website at
lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Every once in a while, I like to talk to
you about stock and uh specifically what
kind of events that are happening around
Tesla that's going to affect the stock.
It's it's it's obviously the our
audience is Tesla investors. I like to
focus on business and product, but we're
it does feel like we're at this point
where things have turned around, but yet
we're all still waiting. And so, the
first one to start auto, which is the
core business for Tesla, we're starting
to see news regularly now. China is up
uh what is it now? China jumped uh what
is it 36% in April, highest it's ever
been. Europe is rebounding pretty pretty
strongly.
I think we see here Denmark up 102%,
Sweden up 111%, France up 112%.
Uh, huge gains in volume of sales of
Tesla cars. Do you think that this Tesla
auto sales is real, this rebound? Are we
going to see higher sales for the rest
of the year?
&gt;&gt; I think we're going to see pretty good
Tesla sales uh of vehicles. Um, I think
it's not that important to the company,
but I think it's important to some
retail investors. I think the Tesla auto
business is still their largest
business, but it is their legacy
business, and I think that they're
beginning to uh show that they're able
to take larger and larger profits out of
it as befits a legacy business. I think
we'll see um new models
new existing models with newer form
factors such as the enlarged Model Y in
the US. I think we'll see uh some new
models, you know,
uh in the robo taxi
fleet as well as the robo van. I think
we'll see some evolution of the Cybert
truck, but in general, in general, we're
looking at what is a mature company, a
mature product line continue its path
forward. You'll see modest growth, not
great growth, but modest growth that
befits an auto company.
Tesla have decided to restrain their
auto business to a set of models that
are in the sort of middle range of the
model structure and that befit a robo
taxi company. So that's where we are and
that's where we're going to remain to be
and that and the auto business will
remain a really good solid business with
a solid cash flow and which will
underpin the robo taxi business. that is
not the business that Tesla sees as its
growth path and that's not what's
driving the share price.
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Okay, I get what you're saying
except that a lot of people will say
that if you are betting you're investing
in a company that is a growth company
with lots of story is a story stock. If
that's what you're doing the core
business has to be healthy. If the core
business is struggling then none of the
story stock typically doesn't add in.
You can argue that I didn't say I didn't
say the vehicle business was struggling.
&gt;&gt; If it was if it was like it has been the
last several years no amount of story
will prop up the stock. The stock will
fall in this case because the auto
business margins have gone up, sales are
starting to rebound. Maybe that at least
like you say it's not the future of the
company but at least it sets the stage.
If that is stable then people can now
focus on other businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But in my lifetime, I've seen many
companies where the main line of
business was dry dying, but there was a
gigantic growth in another product. I
mean,
&gt;&gt; you know, you
example,
&gt;&gt; great example,
&gt;&gt; typical example, but you could go back
to DuPont and you know, there are so
many companies that you could say that
company was dying and then look what
happened. And so,
&gt;&gt; okay. Okay, good point. All right. But
but but the reality is the auto business
at Tesla is anything but dying. It's
actually sprinting right now doing very
well.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you do think it's going to be
modern growth. Now what about FSD
becoming a demand driver you and I both?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; But you're not selling the car, you're
selling FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and remember FSD is only three to
four years ahead of the market. So over
three or four years that advantage is
going to disappear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's business is not FSD. Tesla's
business is robo taxi. They have an
organization, a structure,
a a model that is designed for robo taxi
and a you know a robo taxi business
model that is years ahead maybe 10 years
ahead of the marketplace. So you you
agree that full self-driving will become
a demand driver by the end of this year?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's already becoming it's already a
demand driver. If you look at the
improvement in Tesla sales in the height
of this very unfavorable political
environment, you have to there has to be
a reason for it. And you know I drive
around all day allowing my car to drive
me and I looking around and I see all
these Teslas. We're in a very Tesla, you
know, intense environment here in the
Research Triangle Park of North
Carolina. And every Tesla, I see people
driving the damn car. I say to myself,
are they crazy? Are you guys crazy? And
when I speak to people, I say cars
drives itself. They said, "Well, it's
not fully Oh, yeah, it is."
&gt;&gt; So, the news is not out yet. The news is
not out yet. We don't advertise it. We
don't market it. We really don't. So,
the news is not out yet. But when the
news gets out, we're going to see a
massive change as we're beginning to see
in Europe.
&gt;&gt; Okay, fantastic point. And I do like
that they position it in the earnings
call where Tesla's going to start
selling car instead of we're no longer
selling cars. We're selling self-driving
of which which which model of car do you
want to self-drive? They're selling
self-driving now. I love that that
positioning is makes sense. They've made
that that pivot and the company will
make that pivot now. Listen, my son
who's been driving an Audi for I don't
know how many years now. He's out there
shopping for a Tesla and they want
because he
&gt;&gt; I told you a story my sister. Yeah, same
thing. Same thing.
&gt;&gt; Um and because
Facy, they saw you and me driving it and
then they go, "Oh, I didn't realize it."
That why use a deer?
&gt;&gt; He made the mistake of borrowing my
wife's wife. We used it
&gt;&gt; to go to Ohio for a week
&gt;&gt; and came back and said, "That's it, man.
I got to get me one of those."
&gt;&gt; All right. Second question that Tesla
investors have been asking me. Um, might
we see the stock go up as Tesla rolls
out more and more unsupervised robo
taxis? Um, like what will the stock do
at 500 or,000 or what's the number?
What's your what's your seeing how this
will flow? I think the biggest driver by
far by far of Tesla stock this year is
going to be the SpaceX IPO.
&gt;&gt; Oh, let's let's save that conver that's
the next question I want to ask you. So,
yeah, let's get there.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean this the stock is
poised. you know, auto sales are looking
good um very good this quarter and it
just happens to be as FSD is rolling out
to a claim to a claim and it happens to
be just as Robo Taxi is at the very
beginning of scaling. Everybody thinks
it's going to be scaled by the end of
the year. I don't think it's going to be
scaled quote unquote scaled by the end
of the year, but we'll see. we'll see
continuous and continuing progress in
that regard. So all of these things are
very and we are going to see the first
uh display of of
uh a humanoid robot that really is very
capable. We're going to see Optimus
really roll out I think by the third or
fourth quarter. So, I think there are
many reasons for the stock price to move
up and it's timely and so we're going to
see all of the focus on the musconomy
with the
excitement around the IPO and I think
that's going to lift Tesla stock
dramatically. I think by the end of this
year, we're going to see Tesla stock way
past its all-time high. based upon all
these events occurring. Look, you don't
have to have a scaled robo taxi for the
stock to reach its all-time high or or
its new high or its new limits. You
don't need that. All you need is for the
public to understand now that it's going
to happen. It's like we reached the
all-time high long before the very
heights of the company's availability.
I'm actually we reached it I think with
the S&amp;P inclusion. And I think that was
very artificial. So that all-time high
was very artificial. But we are going to
see the real move of the stock if we
have a really successful IPO of SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; I want to talk to you about that. Uh
great points. I love it. Uh but back to
unsupervised robo taxis. You kind of
said it's a like when people realize it.
So that you to you it's there's there's
two trains of thought here. Okay.
There's some people who will say that
there's a magic number that you know
it's we're at 38 now so what it goes up
to 50 so what they go up to 100 so what
if it hits let's say some people will
say it's got to be over what Whimo does
if you have over 3,000 okay now you have
clearly proven you are faster better
than Whimo others will say it doesn't
matter really it's it's just they like
as they keep adding unsupervised the
stock will slowly move up along with it
you'll get more and more people who are
projecting forward and we'll see that
and that's what I was trying
&gt;&gt; that's not how it happens that's not how
it happens it's a magic moment there is
a magic moment of realization listen you
had to live through I don't know many
moments I could in name enunciate but I
think the big moment was production hell
&gt;&gt; there was production hell
real problems
didn't look like the company's going to
make it looked like the company's going
to go bankrupt
and I was watching
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I was watching the Bloomberg analysis of
registrations
and I was watching it day by day. They
had the they had the dot count of the
registrations that were going on around
the country and I was listening to all
the doomsayers saying, "Oh, the
production's gone to hell. They're not
never going to get this thing produced.
He doesn't know how to make cars. That's
that's this is hopeless." But I was
watching that dot plot move and move and
move and move and I was thinking to
myself, wait a minute, these statements
don't square. And at a moment in time,
&gt;&gt; it became a general realization. Hey,
this is happening.
&gt;&gt; So it's not when you hit this thousand
or that thousand or that meteor.
Everybody's got their own guess. Those
guesses are pointless. There is this,
you know, this moment that the that the
general mind of the public, the general
mind of the investment public suddenly
realizes that that dot plot is real or
suddenly realizes that that and that
moment comes and it the precipitating
fact is not important and everybody
guesses their own precipitating fact
turns out to be something you never
thought about.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be the IPO. I
think the IPO
Okay,
&gt;&gt; I love it. First of all, wise words.
This is why I'm asking you because uh
I'm I'm debating I'm listening to other
people what they say and I'm curious
what you think and I love it. Okay, so
you you just said earlier that you think
that SpaceX IPO is going to be the
single biggest catalyst for Tesla stock
this year. Go ahead and explain why you
think that is.
&gt;&gt; Three things. Firstly, if it's a very
successful IPO, and I don't think the
Tesla stock is going to go up unless
it's a very successful IPO. But if it's
a very successful IPO, then everybody's
minds will be reconcentrated on the
magic of Elon. He had that magic. He had
that everybody was had that vision of
him as the magic. And then everything
became political. Everything became
political, you know, and wasn't because
he supported Trump. it was because you
know the the the
political environment changed in the
country and he didn't he wasn't you know
in the in the right category or
whatever. So, so I think that is an
important moment that if the SpaceX
um IPO is successful, we will see this
change of attitude again and people will
understand re understand be reacquainted
with just what a magical um mind that he
has. Um the second reason is because I
think people will start understanding
how the two companies play together and
the opportunity that Tesla has and the
opportunity SpaceX has all the reasons
that I've advanced in the past. And the
third reason is that people will start
believing what Elon is saying about the
future of robo taxis because he's been
proved correct in SpaceX. It's somewhat
orthogonal to the thought about, you
know, the Elon Mic and the one and the
but here's a product issue where people
don't yet believe in the product. But
this is kind of a the SpaceX IPO is a
kind of proving point. So the SpaceX IPO
is going to be a focused moment. If it's
successful, the focus is going to be on
that success and that success is going
to definitely reflect back into Tesla. I
expect the stock will move 30% maybe
even 40% on the in the event of a
successful IPO.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. Thank you for putting numbers
on that Larry. Um that so this is
regardless if they do they make an
announcement that uh Tesla's going to or
SpaceX is going to acquire Tesla. There
will be some sort of merger even if that
&gt;&gt; they're not firstly they're not going to
make an announcement around the time of
the IPO. Thirdly, secondly, they're not
going to make an announcement until well
after the IPO, whether it's 3 months, 6
months after the lockup pro probably
after the lockup, which is 6 months,
which may be as long as 6 months. I'm
not saying it is six months.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you don't think it's going to
happen this year? A June? Yeah, six
months will be passed this year.
&gt;&gt; It's not going to happen in June.
&gt;&gt; The IPO, the IPO,
&gt;&gt; the IPO is going to happen in June.
&gt;&gt; Six month lock up, right? which means
&gt;&gt; well I don't know if it'll be a
six-month lockup.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be a progressive
lock up. Look, Elon said I don't want a
lockup.
&gt;&gt; He's going to have a lockup. There's no
there's no way that they're going to
dump $2 trillion worth of stock onto the
market on day one. It just can't Nothing
can happen. Nothing like that could
happen conceivably because there isn't
enough liquidity to or willing liquidity
to to absorb that number of stock and
the shares will go to nothing. No, the
underwriters wouldn't permit it even if
Elon wanted it. So, we'd probably end up
with, you know, a staggered lockup. It
could be as long as 6 months. So I
expect that
either towards the end of the staggered
lockup or after the end of the lockup
period there will be um there will be
some movement towards an announcement
whether that movement is a whole set of
meetings that happen beforehand or an
announcement that an exploration is
going to be conducted something like
that that's what I expect
&gt;&gt; okay interesting yeah
&gt;&gt; and right now Elon hasn't mentioned that
to a single soul.
Maybe he's discussed it with Jared, you
know, Burchil outside of both SpaceX and
although Jared Burchil I think is in
SpaceX as well,
you know, if he's discussed it, it has
to be very private and very thoughtful
about well maybe this is a possibility
and definitely you know there's been a
lot of publicity so and he has to
deflect. He has to deflect. He has to
not let people know what's in his mind.
Even if it's in his mind, you can't sue
him because it was in his mind. You
could only sue him if there's any
evidence of that con kind of
conversation. And everybody says, "Oh,
he can't do this because if he does,
then there'll be all kinds of lawsuits.
There going to be all kinds of lawsuits
anyway just on the on the on the
material that he he publishes in in
front of the IPO. There's going to be
lawsuits. I mean, there are always
lawsuits.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, thank you for sharing
all this information. This is the thing
I was looking from you. So, first of
all, first time I heard this, you're
saying that when SpaceX IPOs, regardless
of there won't be an announcement
because clearly they're not going to
announce it on the day of IPO or the
months of the IPO, SpaceX IPOs, you
still believe that Tesla stock will pop.
You said 20 10 to 20 30%, something like
that. Maybe we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Oh, 40%.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so just Okay. just because of
you gave your three reasons. And then as
time goes along, at some point they will
make an announcement that Tesla will
likely merge with SpaceX. That could be
very positive. We'll see what happens
there. Okay.
&gt;&gt; It'll be extraordinarily positive.
Everybody doesn't realize how positive
it'll be
&gt;&gt; as soon as they make the announcement.
And then I agree that you both agree
with Alexander that it's going to be
locked step with each other.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. I do.
&gt;&gt; Okay, this is great. Okay. So you you
also then said that that was going to be
the the um so you've said one thing one
which is you know it can get to alltime
high Tesla stocking regardless of
anything because it was there before. Uh
auto sales is core core business is is
looking like rebounding. FSD is going to
be a demand driver. Robo taxi doesn't
really matter what the number is but
there's a moment we don't who knows when
that might happen. A magic moment that
could happen.
&gt;&gt; You none of us can decide when that is.
So, when when is the most likely time,
Larry, that the Tesla stock gets back
past its all-time high? If you had to
guess,
&gt;&gt; it'll be this year. In in my in my head,
I'm expecting it this year. I'm
expecting it sort of very very close in
line with the IPO progress, the SpaceX
IPO progress. Reason
&gt;&gt; IPO progress. That's June. What do you
mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's next month. That's
what I'm talking about. That's what I'm
talking about. you know, we may have a
hundred or so or 200 robo taxis out
there.
&gt;&gt; It's it's the moment of realization and
people are, you know, saying, "Oh, you
got to have 500. Oh, you got to have
3,000. Oh, you got to have 50." No, you
don't got to have anything. You got to
have belief. You got to have a very
strong conviction. And that conviction
grows not just by the number of robo
taxis, not just by XYZ,
but by the you know the the totality of
events. That's
&gt;&gt; wow the lesson.
&gt;&gt; Very cool. Cuz I was I personally was
waiting for uh I did not think and
you're going to make me want to rethink
this myself whether or not the SpaceX
IPO itself will will do anything to
Tesla stock. I thought that it would be
the announcement that that would do it,
that there's going to be a potential
merger, but boy, by the way, have you
watched Tesla stock since the anthropic
announcement?
&gt;&gt; I know it went up it went up 10 bucks.
Uh,
&gt;&gt; but I don't know if that was the reason,
but yes.
&gt;&gt; What other reason? What what other
event? What other event?
&gt;&gt; You're right. You're right. public. The
public are the investing public have got
instincts. Their instincts are not
triggered by somebody on a spreadsheet
producing this or that or that return or
this or that graph and showing oh
graphically look how marvelous it looks.
That's not how the public that's not how
the investment public works. The
investment public works on instinct and
that instinct is triggered. that
anthropic deal is worth 10 bucks, then a
SpaceX,
you know, a successful, right? SpaceX
IPO is worth 50ucks.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX making a deal with Enthropic.
Nothing to do with Tesla, but the stock
went up by 10 bucks.
Like, why? Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; okay,
&gt;&gt; end of the lesson,
&gt;&gt; that's why we're talking to wisdom. What
is the biggest catalyst you think that
no one is really pricing in yet? Um, so
Piper Sandler, they actually are out
there saying that unsupervised personal
use. So that would be when you when
somehow your Tesla, my Tesla, the cars
that you buy, you can use it
unsupervised. You can sleep in it. They
think that that is not being priced in
at this point.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. The first thousand order,
first 10,000 truck order on semiis.
&gt;&gt; No, no, I so I'm sorry. I didn't say I
I'm not talking Tesla semi. I'm saying
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What did I say? I said,
&gt;&gt; now you want to know what is the what
was the uh
&gt;&gt; catalyst that no one is really pricing
yet? Piper Sandler says it's when
there's unsupervised personal use. That
is when you can use your own Tesla and
drive sleeping and you can use it for
unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; You know, maybe it's Piper Sander know
what they're doing. I mean, they're
very, you know, they're very deep in the
market. It could be, but I think that,
you know,
I think that the the biggest single
catalyst is going to be the public
offering of a successful public IPO.
&gt;&gt; What is that unsuccessful meaning? Me
meaning that it's 1.75 trillion and it
goes the stock goes up on the first
several days. Two trillion.
&gt;&gt; They offer it at 1.75 and it goes to two
trillion.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. On the end of the day end of
day. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That would be in my book that
would be quite a success.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Actually, if they get out at 1.75
and they hold it, that would also be a
great success.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's already a huge number,
right? Because it was just valued at 800
billion like months ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, the anthropic deal
changes everything though. I mean, it it
you know, it does.
&gt;&gt; I think two trillion is now on the
books. Actually, I've been watching the
private markets.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I know. I heard heard it's got
quite solid in the private markets, but
you know, you can't tell.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know,
and the thing about it is there are a
lot of people sitting on gigantic
positions.
&gt;&gt; They're going to hold
&gt;&gt; some of them very close to me right
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, gigantic positions and so
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, it it could this
could go anyway.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. This is why I'm asking
you these questions, Larry. I always
learn something new, something else for
me to consider. and uh Tesla investors
to consider after hearing what you said
today. This is why you should follow
Tesla Larry on X um and um check out his
website lumisenti.com.
Thanks everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.