Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon & Jensen Just Teamed Up: SpaceX Is Now THE Company ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SGtxj8OaZk
Published:   2026-08-04 23:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX is absolutely killing it right
now. The conference call went about as
well as it could go. Now, sure, you can
call out the high capex. You can call
out the significant net loss, but at the
end of the day, I think that's a fool to
focus too much on the financials right
now. And a big part of that is what
Brett said. With some of their capital
deployments right now, their payback
period is roughly one year. So, what
that means, let's say they spend $2
billion building out these data centers.
Well, they're expecting to get that
money back in terms of revenue in 1
year, which is crazy. So, perhaps we'll
get more into the financials in the days
ahead, but this is just a short quick
reactions type of video. Elon confirmed
flight 14 of Starship will be the first
one to deploy V3 satellites into orbit.
And SpaceX is hoping to catch both the
booster and the ship at some point this
year. And the catch of the ship could be
as soon as flight 14. And as I have been
saying, the story at SpaceX right now is
how fast and efficiently they're
deploying compute because that is how
they derive these CSAs, cloud service
agreements that are driving those
incredible payback periods. At the end
of Q2, SpaceX had about 1.4 gawatt of
compute online. That was up from 1
gawatt at the end of Q1. And they're
expecting to end 2026 over 2 gawatts of
compute online. And it sounds like that
report we talked about the other day is
true because Elon said SpaceX will end
2027 somewhere between 5 and 10 gawatts
of compute online. Now the comment he
made about 15 to 20 gawatt that was for
the power and cooling equipment. So yes,
they are sourcing excess cooling and
power equipment to ensure they can
actually bring smaller levels of compute
and get that actually online. And I'll
show you the chart yet again because
these numbers that $100 billion in
potential revenue was from only about 2
GW of compute expected to be online. So
just so you know this 1.2 million GPUs
that would roughly translate to
somewhere around 2 GW of compute. And
this gets even better because Elon just
confirmed longer term they're only
expecting to need about 10% of SpaceX's
compute capacity to actually train
Grock, which means 90% of compute that
they're bringing online will likely be
for the CSA's cloud service agreements.
And yes, those are the deals with
Anthropic, Google, and others. And they
continued to call out these deals,
calling out the increasingly favorable
economics, meaning they continue to make
more and more money on these deals. And
that contributes largely to the IBIDA
margins. And they said the supply demand
imbalance is expected to continue, which
is why the team said by the end of this
year, meaning in December, they're
expecting to be at an annual run rate
revenue-wise of $und00 billion. And Elon
said it'll likely be even higher because
that's where they should land if they
don't do anything further from today,
which obviously is not going to be the
case. So remember, SpaceX did under $19
billion of revenue last year and they'll
be at a run rate exiting this year of
potentially over a hundred billion
dollar. And guys, it's quite simple
math. If you can have roughly 2 gawatts
of compute online and generate somewhere
north of a hundred billion dollars on
that compute, which could be somewhat
conservative, if SpaceX can hit that 10
gawatt of compute online toward the end
of next year, that would be a simple
multiplying by five, which would take
you to somewhere around $500 billion in
revenue. And those numbers would be
assuming no growth in Starlink and no
growth in launch, which is obviously not
going to be the case. And that's because
these Starlink V3 satellites are
supposed to be an order of magnitude
more capable than V2 and they're
expecting to launch in order of
magnitude more of these V3 satellites.
So even though the ARPOS the annual
revenue per user is expected to come
down as they go into new countries and
have lower rates per geography, the
revenue is still expected to climb
because of the improved performance and
the raw number of Starlink users. Listen
to these numbers. In Q1 alone this year,
Starlink added 1.4 4 million new
customers in Q2. Globally, Starlink just
added 1.7 million new customers. And
SpaceX is expecting those numbers to
continue to accelerate with the
deployment of these V3 satellites and
improved Starlink capability. And SpaceX
is expecting Starlink to be a
significant portion of global internet
traffic at some point in the future. And
they said it's literally changing
consumer behavior as we now have people
taking flights taking shorter hop
flights to ensure that they have access
to Starlink rather than taking a direct
flight which they said was the first
time something like that had ever
happened. And separately we have
significant growth expected for the
Starlink mobile the directtoell service
where they're expecting to launch the V2
satellites for that service next year.
And remember to differentiate these V2
SATs for Starlink Mobile and the V3 SATs
for the consumer broadband. Two
different things. Shotwell said the
current system uses 5 megahertz of
bandwidth and they operate that through
the local telco providers. But with that
new Echoar Spectrum purchase that we've
been talking about, they'll now have 65
megahertz of bandwidth available which
should give massive increases in
capability. and she directly called out
Verizon, AT&amp;T, and T-Mobile and their
$650 billion in revenue per year. And
how SpaceX is expecting to acquire quite
a few of their customers by eliminating
dead zones. And now on timelines, we'll
have to be a bit patient for the actual
performance of Starlink from a consumer
perspective to be improved by these V3
satellites. And Elon's guess was they
would need maybe on the order of a
thousand of these V3 sats deployed. and
he was guessing that timeline could land
sometime in Q2 next year to see that
improved performance. And perhaps the
biggest news of all, Elon said that Star
Mind, the AI satellite, will be built
exclusively with Nvidia compute. Reason
being, Elon said it is simply the best
architecture one can buy. And SpaceX is
expecting to begin launching these AI1
satellites next year. But guess what?
They will not just be going into orbit.
Elon said they will also be deploying
these terrestrially. And no, these will
not just be giant things sitting outside
on the ground somewhere. Elon said the
same Star Mind V1 satellite design minus
the solar and the radiator will be
deployed on the ground in our data
centers. It's a major improvement in
data center efficiency. And the reason
for that is ultimately this design is a
simplification of the normal NVL72
racks. So they'll cost less and be more
effective. And so slowing down for a
second, just think about what's going on
here. Do you really want to bet against
Elon who is now teamed up and partnered
with Nvidia and Jensen and all of the
engineers working for both? I don't know
about you, but that is not a team I
would like to go against. And Jensen's
been in the media lately saying he wants
to be involved in anything that Elon is
doing. And that's exactly what's
happening. Which means Elon is likely to
get more of an allocation of the chips
that he needs. And Starlink is killing
it, not just from the consumer
perspective, but from an enterprise
perspective as well. Their enterprise
and government revenue is up over 108%
year-over-year. And they said it is very
sticky, meaning it's durable and they
can expect it moving forward. And SpaceX
said they have never lost an enterprise
customer, meaning everybody is pleased
with a service that will only get better
from here. And despite all of the
announcement, Starlink is only 10%
penetrated when it comes to aviation,
meaning there is still plenty of
headroom for growth in that specific
industry. And the team said eventually
they're expecting enterprise revenue to
significantly exceed consumer revenue.
Which plays into the fact that Elon said
their internal projections of 1 trillion
in revenue have been pulled forward from
2031 to 2030. And there's a non-zero%
chance it'll be in 2029. Which means
yes, that would be roughly an order of
magnitude revenue increase between 2027
and 2029 or 2030, which is absolutely
massive growth. And further, if a
significant portion of that continues to
be these cloud service agreements, which
are big IBIDA contributors, which by the
way have those increasingly favorable
economics, all I can say at this point
is if SpaceX delivers on these
statements, then right now SpaceX really
is the cool kid on the block. Tesla is
sitting on the sidelines watching the
parade. Now, I say that largely tongue
and cheek. As I've been saying, Tesla
will have its time in the sun, but I
just want to drive the point home that
what SpaceX is doing is actually pretty
exciting. And I have to be honest, as an
investor personally, I haven't had this
level of excitement for a company's
financial potential like I feel with
SpaceX right now, in a long time. The
last time it happened was Tesla, which
was a few years ago at this point, when
they were dominating their quarterly
results seemingly every quarter. And
Elon said he doesn't want to jinx
anything, but he believes the heat
shield problem is largely solved. Of
course, they want to take a look at S40
once it gets to land in Australia, but
the team is quite confident they have
cracked that code, which for a while
many people were thinking was one of the
last hardest problems to solve. And
sure, people will pick apart the
financials right now, but as Brett said,
they've already narrowed the net losses
by half year-over-year. And given these
cloud service agreements and these very
tight payback periods, I would expect
those numbers to continue a downtrend.
And from a consumer standpoint for you
and me, Grock 4.6 is expected next week.
Grock 4.7 maybe a month from today. And
then Grock 5 hopefully before the end of
this year should have the entire corpus
of SpaceX data included in the model
training. Meaning Gro 5 could far and
away be the best model for engineers.
And obviously having Grock in Tesla
vehicles and Grock as the brain of
Optimus, that means only good things for
us. So like I said, I just wanted to do
a quick hitting recap mainly because I
was amped up after the call. I thought
it was very positive overall and I want
to take every opportunity to drive home
the point about these cloud service
agreements and it's largely terrestrial
compute where the economics are set to
improve even further with AI1. Yes, the
orbital data center satellites that'll
be going up in space and deployed on the
ground as well in this new partnership
with Jensen and Nvidia. So, look, Tesla
might be a little sluggish right now,
but SpaceX is doing everything in its
power to fill that void temporarily.
Hope you all have a wonderful day, and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.