Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi Breakthrough Leaves Freightliner Struggling To Keep Up
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdCraYlIg3k
Published:   2026-04-08 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-08 12:57 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Giga iOS will soon be making tons of
Tesla semis. Oh my gosh, semi. It's
almost like the same word flipped upside
down. By almost, I mean it is. We say it
wrong on purpose cuz it's funny. But
we're not going to show coverage of that
this week because, well, I'll explain
why in a minute. Instead, we're going to
talk about the competition. Freight
Liner has the EC Cascadia and it's
awfully good and available today. How
good is it and who will want to buy it?
Well, we're going to discuss that. When
I say we, of course, I mean Mark from
the Tesla Life has been tricked into
joining me. What more? Despite the
threat of tariff from Canada, we are
going to do this. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futura.
&gt;&gt; So, Mark, uh, I told you before the show
started what we're up to.
&gt;&gt; Yes. A little bit of a switch, but
sounds all good. So, uh, as of
preparation today, because I know it
feels like we're flying by the seats of
our pants, there was no, uh, footage of
i west, not in the last two weeks. Well,
uh, since that happened, he has, uh,
gone ahead and released a video. Tesla
Semifactory new video. Um, but we're not
going to cover it. And part of the
reason is it's too fresh. We could have
prepped for it. We could have done it,
but it's only been out two hours as of
recording. And I want you to watch it
over there. Please go watch it over
there. Uh, you can join on his channel.
I have not done that, but I have joined
on his exac account. I am a paid
subscriber on there. He needs some love.
What he really needs is somebody.
Please, could you get him into the
factory, get him in touch with Dan
Priestley. I do not have that power. I
do not possess it. But if you do, or if
you work there, you could get him a
tour. I mean, hey man, please help him
out. Show him some love. because without
him there is no footage. Uh you can also
subscribe to him. You can subscribe to
me. You can subscribe to Mark. I mean
what what are we doing here? And uh got
to mention real quick that on April 18th
I will be at the Tesla diner. Tickets on
sale now. Tesla Club LA. It's going to
be a great event. Jake, my buddy Jake
will be DJing which is kind of cool. He
used to work for uh Fisker. No, not
Fisker. Faraday, Faraday Future he used
to work for
&gt;&gt; doing robotics. And then of course later
in the week uh later in the month 426
I'll be doing a presentation about the
Freightlininer, the EC Cascadia, and the
Tesla Semi. Uh join me for that in
Portland. And if you're just if you're
thinking, you know what, I want to go to
an event, but I'm not going unless Brian
and Mark are there. Good news for you
folks. 2026 summer meetup is happening.
So that's cool. Hey, uh, Dameler has
opened orders for the freight liner e
Cascadia and the M2, the EM2 is the
medium duty truck. So, these are real
trucks. Uh, the Cascadia platform came
out in 2007. They started electrifying
it in 2019. They immediately got a
couple test articles on the road. They
sent uh one to the Port of Long Beach,
one to Pensky in California, and they
are uh expanding from there. They've
now, as of last year, there's one
customer, Schneider, I think, who has
100 trucks with over 100 trucks with
over 10 million miles logged. Just one
customer. So, rather than give you the
whole presentation now, uh what do you
want to know about this truck, Mark? I
want to know if I was to order it. Can I
get the Tron graphics come with my
truck?
&gt;&gt; You know, that's uh you know, you can
get whatever livery you want. Uh I don't
think that's going to be the primary
question folks are asking.
&gt;&gt; Probably not. Uh number one question is
going to be since this is the medium
truck, what kind of range is this uh
this medium truck going to provide us?
&gt;&gt; So on the medium, I don't know. on the
the class 8's the only one I've been
studying up on and it has uh well how
much range do you want because you can
either have 150 or like 230 miles of
range. Uh real world testing has found
155 and like 200 to be the averages. Uh
but uh that's not a function of the
battery as much as a function of the
route.
&gt;&gt; Right. Well, you've got um you've got a
truck that is not going to be able to go
quite as far. So, really, this is more
of a um regional hauler uh if not just a
large city hauler.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's why they started it
with draage work uh out of the port of
Long Beach is because you're not going
very far and you know what your
limitations are.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; exactly.
&gt;&gt; And that's Yeah. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; And uh Okay. So, so what are we looking
for? Charging speeds to 80% with the uh
standard that they're offering.
&gt;&gt; So, you're going to love this. You're
going to love this. Well, they started
building it in 2019. There were no mega
chargers in 2019. Certainly no
standards. Uh so, of course, they went
with uh the only standard they had,
&gt;&gt; CCS1.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. So if you if you plug in two of
those, you get a charge rate of a
theoretical 270 kilowatt max. Really
about 250 255 max. And if you plug in
just one, well, you're talking 180 max.
And so uh yeah, they brag that 10 to 80%
in as little as 90 minutes.
&gt;&gt; 90 minutes. Huh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that 10 to 80%
80% of what? So, it's not the fastest
charging truck out there.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not. No, it's not. But again,
you're right. They did do it before the
standards were in place. So, they had to
start somewhere and uh they just grabbed
what they could. So, I understand that.
Hopefully, it'll get a bit of a redesign
as time goes along and they'll be able
to up that.
&gt;&gt; I would hope so. The problem, one
problem is that they have the largest
semi-truck charging network out there.
Uh, which is great except that now you
need to change it. Darn it. All that
early preparation may have been too
early. So, the two battery packs are
small. They're like a 280. Let me double
check my numbers here. Got it somewhere
handy. 291 and 438 kilowatt hour packs.
So 438, you're like, "Oh, well, 230 mi
from 438, that's not actually that bad."
The advantage there is that you get to
have a truck that doesn't weigh more
than its diesel counterpart. So these
are going to be 3,000 lb lighter than a
Tesla Semi,
&gt;&gt; Vantage Cascadia.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And because it is just a Cascadia under
the skin, if you want a sleeper cab, you
can get a sleeper cab. I don't know
where you're sleeping. maybe one town
over, but if you wanted to do that,
you'd have enough time to sleep while
you're charging.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe. So, the battery pack does
hover between the axles, I'm assuming,
based on the photograph we're looking
at.
&gt;&gt; So, I haven't seen one in person in a
while. It might be behind the fairing,
but I think it is uh be between the
frame rails just like Teslas.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, I hope to get a chance to see
one before Thursday when I have my
presentation at the Oregon Electric
Vehicle Association. Uh, and then again
on the 26th, the much longer
presentation.
&gt;&gt; I did see one of the early prototypes up
here in Toronto. It was on display at a
trucking show that I attended, but they
did not have the hood up, so I didn't
see if the battery pack was there, but
it didn't have a large box behind a cab,
so I'm assuming that's where it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, under the hood is a mess of
all the kinds of hoses and control
systems that you would see under the
hood of a Toyota uh like a BZ4X
uh where the hood is full. It's
strangely full of stuff because no one
fought uh to keep the real estate in
check. It was just all free real estate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh yeah, that's also kind of fun.
The What kind of batteries would you
guess it has?
&gt;&gt; Um LFPs.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't. It's using CL, but they are
the NMC batteries, uh, prismatic NMC
batteries. So, they are paying the 25%
import tariff on those, but they're
working with, uh, ACT to build a battery
plant uh, to domesticate production of
the cells. And that's in partnership
with Packar and Packar and Cumins are
working with them on the battery
factory.
&gt;&gt; Cumins, a famous uh, diesel motor
producer. Yeah. Yeah, smart to
diversify.
&gt;&gt; Um, well, here's here's a question.
Based on the the limited range, based on
the charging speed, what kind of price
are they? Uh, are they even talking
about price?
&gt;&gt; So, when you look for prices, you'll
find that nobody publishes the prices.
Nobody. You have to talk to a dealer.
Uh, but we live in the information age,
so you can still find it. Uh, 400 to
500,000 is what these cost. The national
average for a class 8 electric truck is
apparently about 411,000. In California,
there's big incentives on these. Uh 120
120,000 for a road hauler and 150,000
for a draage truck. Dreage is anyone
that begins or ends at a port. I guess
having the ports not sitting with decent
idling all day. You can understand why
the Port of Long Beach is really uh into
this because uh they get a a healthy
check back for every unit that they put
on the road.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But the thing is Tesla Semi looks
like it's going to be 240 to 260,000. So
even with 150,000 off, it probably still
costs more than an unsubsidized Tesla
semi.
&gt;&gt; And this only
&gt;&gt; that's going to be a problem.
&gt;&gt; That's going to be a problem. Yes. the
the it comes in two different power
configurations, one axle or two axle.
And it's the horsepower is like 320 to
420 horsepower. And and there is a
version, the big battery two-wheel
version is like 480 horsepower, maybe
490.
So that's half the horsepower of a Tesla
semi. So it's
doesn't have the same range. I mean,
really, the the only advantages I'm
seeing is it's available now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's 3,000 lbs lighter.
&gt;&gt; Kind of reminds me of the Ford
Lightning, uh, where the engineers use
the same box that they already existed
in the gasoline vehicle and they said,
"We'll just use the standard what we got
and uh, we'll use from the parts spin
that exists and then we'll just build
everything else to fit."
&gt;&gt; Yes, they are monkeying around with
autonomy. They hope to have something on
the road by 27. We'll see if they do. I
don't know anyone involved with their
autonomous program to have any idea what
their progress is, but that's coming
regardless of brand. That's the future.
&gt;&gt; Uh so it is possible. Uh it does have
already a full safety suite, lane
departure, traffic aware, cruise control
all the way down to zero miles an hour.
um you know a pedestrian avoidance and
it can track objects around it. Guess
how many?
&gt;&gt; More than three.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is more than three. It's 40.
It's like Yeah, I guess 40 is enough. I
mean, I can't name the 40 objects I'm
tracking, but I'm tracking them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, if you look at your
Tesla, you can see on the screen that
it's tracking a lot more than 40, but
it's tracking cars that are parked, ones
that you and I would filter out. I don't
know how many of them the e- Cascade is
tracking. They're irrelevant, but hey,
it's better than nothing. And unlike
some of their competitors, the safety
suite is just included in the price.
&gt;&gt; I got to believe the safety suite or
most of the safety suite is also
available in their ICE vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I Yes. So, it's the same stuff.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're just sharing the competencies
across the divisions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, normally if this is your first
time here, you may not know we cover
your questions from the previous episode
of the semi thing. So, that's what we're
going to do. So, we have those and we do
a little thing we like to call wrong
answers only. So, the question for this
week's wrong answers only is if this
costs $150,000
more than a Tesla Semi and the only real
advantage is that it is available today
and that uh it does have 3,000 lb more
cargo capacity. The question is why why
would someone buy this when the Tesla
Semi is full is ramped to the point
where you can get them? That's the
question.
&gt;&gt; And it's wrong answers only.
&gt;&gt; Wrong answers only. I mean, sometimes
people misunderstand and say, "Oh, I've
got the right answers." It's like, "No,
no, no, my friend. We are not here for
that." What we're here to do right now
is,
yeah, answer last week's questions.
Hey, like the video. It's free. It's a
lot of fun. First question, is Nevada
Factory currently producing any semis?
Very exciting product.
&gt;&gt; Is Nevada actually producing? No, it's
it's it's not producing in volume. Um,
sure. Some test uh like we're talking to
iOS plant, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's it's it's putting out
some I guess some uh some prototypes
that are real close to being complete.
Uh they're they're testing out the
actual factory lines uh to make sure
that all the processes work, everything
flows nicely, and the vehicles can roll
off. So yes, it's producing something.
It's just not at scale.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And that's the answer is the pilot
line is next door. We know they've
brought some pieces over and put them on
the line to make sure that part of the
line's running right. And those trucks
are being sold. And we know they're
being sold because we keep seeing them
with uh in the possession of new
shippers. So that's, you know, uh great.
Keep up the funny. It's a nice change
and surprisingly informative. Lol. Now,
why would I show this if it's not a
question? Because this is the mostly
this is mostly dumb and amounts to a
waste of time. Sorry guys, just being
real.
&gt;&gt; Richard.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Richie,
&gt;&gt; you can't please everybody all the time.
&gt;&gt; There were a handful of comments. We
talked about uh Patrick Faren had talked
about the short development cycle of the
Mustang. Plenty of people disagreed.
Ford Mustang was basically a rebodied
Falcon. They didn't make a new car from
scratch. They made a Falcon alternate.
The Mustang was a huge risk for Ford, so
they minimized it by making it out of
existing stuff. The two cars were built
on the same line at the same time.
Mercury Cougar on the same line later
on, etc.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I didn't even know that name of the
Falcon.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, it's under the skin. It's
all the same stuff. Whoever thought it
was a good idea to give so little hype
ability uh is clearly normal. What about
dorks like me that are online way too
much? So, there's apparently hype points
on YouTube that you can dish out. I
don't know how people go, I I hyped your
video. Did it help? I I don't I don't
know. I don't know how this works. Uh,
those of us that have answered tears of
Tesla Q have not necessarily been proven
wrong. The sand in them barrels, see
it's got question marks in it, so I have
to address it. The sand in those
barrels, dried tears from the eye crust.
And and we can dance if we want to. So,
two wrong wrong answers in a row. Those
were
&gt;&gt; Wow, those were great.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joel.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joel. Ah, hey, I didn't have to
read it. I chose to read it. Shunter
tractor only needs to hook up the
airline and electrical cord says uh
Rosano Emmy. Now I we said that uh
robots would not that you still need
someone to hook and unhook the trucks,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; This this comment is saying all you need
to do is hook it up. So I went ahead and
pulled up uh this
one and a half speed
&gt;&gt; but don't back all the way in. Stop just
before the fifth wheel contacts the
trailer. Exiting the cab, maintain
three-point contact as you climb down.
Then, visually inspect the kingpin and
the trailer's upper coupler plate for
damage or deformities. Visually confirm
the locking mechanism on the fifth wheel
is open and the fifth wheel and the
trailer are compatible in height with no
gap between the top of the fifth wheel
and the bottom of the trailer. Place
wheel chalks under the trailer to
prevent it from rolling back when you
look up. When the inspection is
complete, re-enter the cab and prepare
to reverse under the trailer. Before
backing up, activate the four-way
flashers and sound the horn before
reversing. Put the transmission in
reverse and release the tractor parking
brake. As you back toward the trailer,
confirm the alignment of the kingpin and
the fifth wheel opening. Looking in the
driver's mirror, wheels should be about
three inches inside the inside of the
trailer with a 102 inch. With a 96 inch
wide trailer, the tractor tires should
be aligned with the side of the trailer.
You'll feel a slight bump and some
resistance as the fifth wheel contacts
the trailer. Easing back until you feel
the unit. Listen for a clanking sounding
mechanism engages. The tractor will be
unable to back any further. Place the
transmission and drive and gently tug
forward to confirm the two units are
securely coupled. The next step is a
visual inspection to ensure the fifth
wheel is properly locked and the units
are correctly coupled. Ensure the fifth
wheel lock handle is in the locked
position. Check that there's no gap
between the fifth wheel top plate and
the trailer upper coupler plate. Look
into the opening of the fifth wheel to
verify the jaws of the fifth wheel or
the locking bar is engaged. When you are
satisfied the units are correctly
coupled, raise the landing gear and stow
the handle in the click. Connect the air
and electric lines to the trailer and
then continue with the prescribed
trailer inspection, including the body,
crossmembers, suspension, lights, tires,
etc. Retrieve the wheel chocks and
you're done.
&gt;&gt; So, that's a bunch of steps.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a there's more than just
hooking up a couple cables.
&gt;&gt; Yes, and you do need to go around and
inspect the trailer at that point. So,
it is it's still something that's going
to need be and you could replace that
with an Optimus at some point. So, well,
I could put a camera here and here.
Yeah, you could. You could. Um, but it's
getting really complicated and putting
stuff on the trailer introduces new
potential points of failure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's expensive now. Well, I can't
pick up that trailer. It doesn't have
all the extra cameras. DOJ and DOT suing
California to circumvent EV freight
mandates will help Tesla by putting
legacy truck companies out of business
before they can transition away from
diesel. Now what I think Natty Dread is
saying here is that if the subsidies are
remote the subsidies are only in
California. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So the other I mean most trucks are not
in California but the Tesla would be the
only one remotely competitive. Uh
because while the studies have shown
that EC Cascadia will save you $160,000
in fuel and maintenance over the first
six years, it's still at that point more
expensive than a Tesla Semi. So 6 years
to catch up with your competitor would
give a huge advantage to Tesla, but I
don't think it would put them out of
business. Any thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think I think uh companies are
going to
they're definitely going to adapt. Uh, I
don't think it's going to put them out
of business. I think it's it's going to
require smarter purchase decisions and
more strategic thinking about long term.
&gt;&gt; All these companies that make big rigs
make other things too or do other
things. In the case of Packard, they're
just a very big shipping company. Uh,
they won't go out of business. Uh, and I
don't want them to already. It was only
unveiled almost 10 years ago.
Weird that that one doesn't have a heart
on it. Let's please have a heart. Um,
yeah, and we've discussed why before,
but you know, it there weren't enough
batteries, but you know, takes time.
Takes time. For charging, loading doors,
wouldn't Elon do it inductively?
And my response to that was lining a
truck up on the inductive pad and lining
the trailer up to hit the door at the
right spot would be complicated. Y
&gt;&gt; would be tricky especially if you've got
trailers of different lengths
&gt;&gt; and there's some different lengths. 48
foot is an older standard 53 is the
current uh but there can be slight
differences and of course if you have an
inductive pad you want it to hit so that
you're charging as as as well as you
could. So you're right there could be
complications with lengths. Someone else
had pointed out and I don't remember if
I included it that uh somewhere they had
seen that other companies have already
said no no we just we just have a long
cable so that they can reach out from
there. Uh so Tesla is stocking up on
wild horses so they can pull legacy auto
into the 21st century.
&gt;&gt; It's it's it's a weird thing. Yes. But
that's what they're doing. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It's literally definitely what they're
doing. Uh, Ford most likely lost money
on every single F-150. If the guy was
right, they should have spent more time.
And if Brian is right, more likely, then
6 years wasn't enough for Ford to make
money back off the sale of the truck.
Uggh.
&gt;&gt; My money's on Brian.
&gt;&gt; So, now we get into wrong answers only.
Last episode, two weeks ago, I asked
you, "What is this that the forklift is
carrying?" Wrong answers only. Boy, I
hope you're ready, Mark, because we have
got some some
&gt;&gt; got some juys, do we? Okay.
&gt;&gt; Some some folks thought the wrong answer
I wanted was about the uh smudges by the
portaotties. I did not. I was very clear
that I did not require those theories.
Doug Jesse decided to split the
difference. Industrial toilet paper roll
holder. Fair.
&gt;&gt; Fair.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Doug's got it. Doug's got it. The rack
could be a massive uh Newton's cradle to
demonstrate the law of physics to troll
the CEO of Mercedes.
&gt;&gt; So So along with the booklets on 48 volt
uh technology and now they're they're
doing science experiments in the parking
lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just so they we just Okay, we I
guess we got to dumb it down one more
notch.
JD says, "I'm sorry, but these are just
too easy. You and I are both old enough
to have been disappointed by the Star
Wars prequels. That rack is clearly a
prototype for the Optimus drop pods.
Know what he's talking about.
&gt;&gt; I know what he's talking about. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Depiction here. I mean, that even that
even looks like it, man.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That could be it. It's just the
optimists have have taken off already.
&gt;&gt; So good. So good. Um, correct. It's a
clothing rack for the semi-D drivers who
are driving the first trucks off the
line to proof them. See, Tesla's running
the drivers 247. A quick shower, back on
the road.
&gt;&gt; That That's interesting thought,
Charles. I'm not sure if you've got it,
but okay.
&gt;&gt; He's got something.
&gt;&gt; Wrong answer.
&gt;&gt; He's got some That's what we asked for
delivered. I will sign for that. Wild
boar catcher portable trap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Brian, you've been to the Iowa
West Fac Did you see any wild boars
there?
&gt;&gt; I I didn't. But I've also been to
Phoenix and I know there's wild boores
there. My sister sent me pictures of
them. So, the fact that I haven't seen
them
&gt;&gt; means that the trap's working. That's
what it means.
&gt;&gt; That's what it means. It does actually
say potable trap. So, maybe he means
that you can drink it. I don't know. I'm
I'm But I'm going to
On the theme of portable, it's a
portable battery cooling rack. Great.
&gt;&gt; It's a great idea. When I worked at the
plating plant, we had big, you know,
dollies that we would push the parts
around in. And when you took it out of
the the oven to dry, it was hot. So,
yeah, that was that was nice in the
summer when it's already 100° in there
and the air is thick with acid poison.
So, it's really nice. Forklifts carrying
a large electromagnet to pick up all
those nails from when they did the roof.
&gt;&gt; Did I get it right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Mike, that makes complete sense.
We know that roofers just love to throw
nails uh as they're doing a job. So,
getting them off the ground as quickly
as possible is is
&gt;&gt; really important.
&gt;&gt; Really helpful. Really helpful. The only
other thing you can count on more
assuredly is drywallers putting loose
pieces of drywall inside the wall
instead of taking them to the dump. Cuz
the dump is expensive and their stuff is
heavy. Please stop doing that.
Sheetrockers.
What's the long rack? Optimus fashion
show before the unveiling of Optimus 3.
Even robots deserve to dress up and look
pretty for their birthday. Well, their
their build day.
Yeah.
All that works for me. Uh, wrong answer.
Isa Bonita. I feel you. That's my pants
rack.
&gt;&gt; That's his pants rack. Wow. That is a
serious pants rack. Let me tell you,
that's pretty big.
&gt;&gt; I'm just I'm just saying. Automatic
clothing station. That way you can get
dressed with less effort. Yeah, kind of.
Uh, forklift changing mega toilet paper
roll. Of course.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Optimus rack in case they have hang-ups.
Ah, good good thought there. Hangups.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; good good. Uh, it's a curing rack for
wild horse meat.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. That's not that's not a good
answer for the for the wild ponies
around the uh location.
&gt;&gt; So, you're saying that Mr. Chili Dog is
right?
Because if he's wrong, then it's a good
answer. Mark, do I have to explain the
rules to you?
The forklift is a pilot project bellhop
for delivering fresh optimi and their
suitcases to the production cells.
&gt;&gt; Delivering fresh optimi. Yes,
&gt;&gt; fresh.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nothing but the freshest. I've taken
my car to the Fremont factory to get
some of the mother's milk. It's just the
freshest electrons. Charge is the exact
same. There's no difference. It's very
disappointing.
But the but the the rightest wrong
answer Doug's got us. The rack is to
stretch the smaller car batteries so
they fit properly into the larger semis.
During testing of this new rack, they'll
have to air them out between uses.
Perhaps take them to the safety area or
assorted dry meats arrive on these racks
in time for the celebration of
production milestones.
&gt;&gt; It's it's a combo. Yes, Doug. Yes,
&gt;&gt; absolutely. You've never been at a
workplace and used something for a
purpose other than its intended one? Uh,
surely I I could list some, but I think
people would figure out where I worked
consternation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You may get a bill in the mail.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For sure. For sure. So, uh, a
friend of mine when he worked at Little
Caesars, uh, there was a spill and the,
uh, something the sink backed up or
something. Anyway, the floor flooded.
Oh, no, that's what it was. They were
mopping the floor and the drain was
plugged. Well, their safe was in the
floor, so the safe filled with water.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and the manager was like, "You know
what would dry out this money quick
at Little Caesars?
&gt;&gt; The oven." He put it in the oven, pulled
it out immediately. Oh no. Oh no. So he
had to explain to the bank why all the
money was charred because
best and bright.
&gt;&gt; You know it would dry this out. The the
industrial pizza oven. No, not a good
idea.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Little Caesar's really hiring the
best going to the bank. Teller looks at
it. Dumbass. Dumbass.
Okay, so guys, what did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Head over to the Tesla
life. Subscribe to Mark. Please head
over to his English channel, subscribe.
Let's flood him with subscribers. He
needs it. If we don't see him happy, we
don't get footage. And if we don't get
footage, we can't show footage. Uh, and
I do my best to show respect by not
publishing his videos in a way that
diminishes his channel. Uh, but you
know, I'm only one person. I need the
help from the community.
Everybody else, you know, like,
subscribe, comment, do what you do. Stay
tuned. Stay juicy.