Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Starship Flight 12 - The Casual Watch Channel - SCRUBBED! COME BACK TOMORROW
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_ZHkqOge7I
Published:   2026-05-21 20:28 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today is the big day. It is the big day.
Or is it? Yeah, we're talking about uh
Starship version three test flight
number 12. It's a big deal. Hey, are you
guys uh there?
I know. I know. Uh there are I would say
uh better options. Uh you could watch to
stream to catch launch 12. Uh but I
would more honestly say there are
nothing but better options. But I'm fun,
too. And, you know, kind of gonna watch
it anyway. Figured I'd hang out with you
fine folks. Let me know if you're here.
Sound off in the chat. Uh, this will
apparently has already been bumped to
6:00 p.m. Central. Thank you to AK
Jammer for that. Uh, that would be 400
p.m. Pacific. You know, what are you
going to do? Um, I have a Zoom call I
must get to. We are planning, we are
coordinating, we are getting everything
ready and set for the big event in
Moskegan in just 14 days and three
hours. It begins, it kicks off two
weeks. You going to be there? Please
join us. We've got a fantastic lineup of
speakers. Simon has done what he is
calling his best ever light show. Tesla
Michigan.org.
Uh we will have a participation by
Rivian. They will be there with test
drives. There is a possibility an R2
will be present. Who knows? They might
even bring the little electric bike. Uh
there will be Tesla has finally agreed
to show up and offer test drives as
well. So if you've never driven a new
Model Y or a new Model 3 or a
Cybertruck, I guess. I don't know what
they're bringing. We shall find out.
Chris Hilbert will be one of our
speakers covering Rivian and whatnot.
have a whole adventure panel set up with
him and Justin and Josh West 247.
Doctors Gibbs and know-it-all will be
there talking robbits, of course, Jordan
Gizigy, myself, many others. Going to be
a lot of fun. Join us, won't you?
Tickets on sale now. Right now. Like
really right now. So, uh, that's all
great, but the big news, of course,
today, Starship Flight 12. Any minute
the live stream should begin. Let's see
if reloading does anything.
No, it begins in a half hour. Well,
that's fine. That's fine. We can work
with that. In the meantime, I did say
that we have uh some news on
on on what's going on. I went ahead and
asked old Groaroo Bob uh what is what
makes this flight different?
uh representing the most significant
hardware overhaul since the program
began. Yes, this is the first flight in
nearly seven months launching from the
new orbital launchpad 2, a vastly
greater uh launchpad. The Flame Trench
is amazing and a lot more traditional.
The original plan to just leave it wide
open and kind of hope for the best. That
was more hoping and less of the best. It
was terrible. was very very destructive
and bad. U so they went ahead and
invented all new means of shock
suppression and uh flame diversion.
Those were better, not great. Let's just
go back to the flame trench, shall we?
New flame trench. So that's great. And
the chopstick arms are shorter because
the longer they are, the harder it is to
control them. And they've realized we
don't need those longer arms. We can do
it with stubby chopsticks. Stubby
Chopsticks, probably my rap name. It
incorporates extensive redesigns for
improved performance, reliability,
reusability, and in space capabilities
based on lessons learned from prior 11
flights. So, the big one is we're
finally going to see those Raptor 3
engines. They are beautiful. They are so
simple, it's ridiculous. The old one,
version one, fantastic workhorse,
amazing piece of kit, looked like
spaghetti. look like engineering
spaghetti. Second one, so much better,
so much more simplified. And the third
one, of course, looks like it's not even
finished. It's finished. It works. How
can you make it so much better? Well,
there's a cost. And that cost is if you
were to build an engine like that and
only use it once, it probably wouldn't
make sense. But we're not going to use
it once. We're going to use it dozens,
perhaps hundreds of times. The the added
cost makes it worth it. And they're a
ton lighter. Literally each. They drop
66,000 lbs from the weight of the Raptor
engines. Motors, engines. Mhm. This
enables simultaneous faster engine
starts. So, redesigned ignition. Uh, a
lot less thermal protection gear because
it's all built for the purpose.
So, there's a larger fuel transfer tube.
It's the thing in the middle, the tube
that runs all the way down the inside of
the fuel tank from the top part. That's
nice. And three larger, stronger grid
fins. Now, when I first heard this, I
thought, "Oh, so you're going to go from
a square layout, you know, diamond
layout to a triangle layout." Nope.
We're just doing three sides of a square
because the uh leeward one was in the
wake of the of the of the of the ship.
It wasn't getting much use anyway. We
can control it with three. We're going
down to three. And they also moved the
motors and whatnot inside the fuel tank.
Is that good? I don't know. Maybe
integrated vent hot staging uh inner
stage. So the big ring that would pop
off, fall to the ocean, then they go out
and get it, done with that. We're not
doing that anymore. Have a real uh
protective uh no more disposable
protective ring. It's just part of it.
Uh simplified aft thermal protection
and dual disconnects for redundancy and
other mass/heat optimization.
You know, it's 10 times bigger than the
uh Falcon 9, but fuels in the same
amount of time. That's really
impressive.
Starship itself, larger propellant
tanks, clean sheet propulsion design.
Interesting. Better reaction control
system, header tanks for longer uh and
recirculation for longer coasts.
Remember that movie Apollo 11? Stir the
oxygen tank. Maybe that's what they're
talking about is if it's going to be
sitting for a long time, you don't want
it to ice up. So, they can recirculate
it better. I'm guessing upgraded flap
actuators. Flappy's proven itself, but
still single actuator with three motors
per flap for mass and redundancy. Uh
redundancy, but also for mass savings.
Mass is heavy, man. It's heavy. Enhanced
Starlink PEZ dispenser for faster
deployment. Added docking ports and
drogues for future shipto- ship
propellant transfer. That's going to be
wild. It's going to be crazy to see. And
extensive camera Starlink connectivity.
Remember when spaceships would have big
long periods of just being in the dark?
Don't know what's going on. But now we
get to watch these flights from
beginning to end seamlessly
powered by Starlink.
And it's slightly taller. They added
another 5t. When the first fully stacked
Starship flew, it became the largest
object ever flown. And every flight
since then has broken that record.
That's exciting stuff, man. It's
exciting stuff. Hey, let's pop over to
the chat. See what you guys are up to.
Yeah.
Waking up from a well-deserved nap. Hard
earned, David. Hard earned. Are they
going to catch it? Uh, I think the plan
is to catch the booster. I do not
believe the plan is to catch the
Starship. I think the Starship will once
again splash down in the Indian Ocean
off the No, it's it's landing somewhere
different this time, isn't it? Yeah,
somebody uh correct me on that. Looking
good. Uh that's a good looking
spacecraft. So phallic standing there.
Elon must be proud. Yeah. Um turns out
there's one design for rockets that
makes sense. So that's how that works.
No planned, no catch planned for today.
Disappointing.
disappointing. It's so beautiful when
they do that. I'll be amazed if it
applies today. So many new things that
can go wrong. Yeah, there are a lot of
things that can go wrong. Um I
was pretty hopeful until the 30-minute
delay. They only have a 90-minute launch
window. It may not fly today. What is
the payload? Presumably dummy satellites
once again.
How is Hans doing? Haven't seen anything
from him recently. He's got a a venture
he's working on and uh I don't know. I
haven't had a chance to talk to him.
Uhhuh. Um, by the way, if there's anyone
watching this, I could just stop there.
If there's anyone watching this, um, who
would like to join the chat, uh, join
the conversation, let me know in the
chat and I can send you a link. Yeah.
So, this is exciting. This is a big day.
There are only two things famously that
can make me cry and one is rocketry. I
don't know why just is. The other's
baseball. Uh but uh that doesn't mean I
have undying loyalty to either huge
Mariners fan until it was revealed that
they were not interested in winning.
They just wanted money. They had the
second most expensive tickets in all of
baseball and no commitment to win. It
was only about monetization. I get it.
Monetization is key. if it's a business
you're running. Um, but I'm not here to
make you rich. I'm here to watch a great
game and you're making it impossible by
selling off all the great players that
you scouted. Terrible.
Rockets. I don't know, man. Uh, it's
some people feel called to the sea. I do
not. I feel called to the sky. Uh, so
rockets are, I don't know if you know
this, uh, ideally in the sky when in
operation.
Uh, can you get me the stock price for
September of 27? I will ask my magic
eightball, but I'm pretty sure it says
ask again later.
It I can. It'll be a number of dollars
and a few cents. Okay, so we've got it
locked in. It is a positive number, I'm
assuming. Uh, and it ends with uh
rounded to the nearest second decimal.
Yeah, that's uh great. I feel called to
the stars. I used to. I feel like I'm
just too old for the stars now, man. Too
old for the stars. Um,
I grew up in the shuttle era. NASA would
come to our school and show us cool
stuff, you know, heat, you know, ceramic
tiles and uh and you know, get us all
excited.
Feels like those days
um were shortlived. And the shuttle
program really wasn't that big of a
stretch. It was a compromise between a
million competing parties. And the real
objective was military and intelligence.
It's got to be able to launch huge
satellites so we can spy real good. And
we did. But we can also spy real good on
our distant neighbors on the other side
of the galaxy. Heck, the other side of
the universe.
Launched Hubble. Little blurry. Had to
go up see if you could actually grab a
satellite and recover it. And that was
uh
Dr. George Nelson who did that. the uh
commander commander. No, he wasn't the
commander, but he was on the last
mission after the last mission before
the Challenger explosion and the first
mission after it. Um, Pinky was uh then
uh hired as a the dean of astronomy at
the University of Washington and uh
double dipped, got a professor salary as
well. Taught astronomy 150 through the
90s. Heck of a guy. Let's see. Does the
early worm get the bird? Maybe. Maybe.
Yeah, if the bird you you want to get to
the bird before the coyotes find it. So,
I think so. Stars are older than you. I
know. It's okay. Young by comparison.
Mhm. Yes. Yes, that's true. I I never
thought of measuring my lifespan on a
galactic scale. Uh, that's something
that will definitely haunt me. I
appreciate the uh suggestion. Can't wait
to see if the V3 heat shield holds up.
It'll be nice for the hinge flaps to not
get white hot. Um, yeah, it's impressive
how well it held up, but it was clear
that even though you could have
recovered some of those early starships,
you could not have flown them again. Not
without
I I mean, really, just not again. I I
assume that the damage was so thorough
that the surgery to repair it would be
would would it's totaled. You totaled
it. So, you can total a car and still
walk away from it. But I imagine if you
were an astronaut on a starship that had
flap burn through like that, you would
just be recording voice notes for your
survivors because I don't think you're I
don't think you're going to be looking
about going home when Beetlejuice goes
Nova. There will be a surge in
astronomy.
Uhhuh.
And of course, get your comments in
early so we can have a chat. You guys
can ask me anything. We're stuck in a
hold. Um, if you have any questions,
gets to them. I will say that there is
also, in addition to the summer meetup,
got it here somewhere. Sure, I do. I
know I do. I just have to find it. The X
takeover. Here it is. Uh, there are one
about 130 tickets left. If this is
something you are planning on doing on
October 10th from 10:00 a.m. to 6 PM at
Giga Texas in Austin, now is the time to
get the tickets. We know May Musk will
be a speaker. More speakers will be
announced. Hopefully, I will be a
speaker, but if not, I will still be
there and it's going to be, you know,
amazing.
Lot of opportunities to meet your uh the
people you only know online, uh to meet
content creators as well. It's a lot of
fun. And if you for some reason are
going to be an awesome but can't make
it, maybe you are watching this and
you've already missed out on tickets.
There's always events going on in the
days leading up to and often beyond it.
Uh because people are in town and they
just want to celebrate.
It's a lot of fun. What are you going to
do except join us? Join us in Austin. Um
and if you are just now checking in,
welcome. And Tesla of Michigan has their
big event. Tickets on sale now June 5th
and 6th in Moskegan, Michigan, Heritage
Landing Park. It's a beautiful venue.
Might have some pictures. Ah, we don't.
Not on this page. I'm on the wrong page.
See if this is the page. Here we go.
Yeah, this is what Heritage Landing
looks like. You can kind of see a ghost
of it in the background. Big stage. Nice
stage. Everyone sits out here. We have a
tent now so that you're not uh frying in
the sun. And the event takes place a
rain or shine. Yeah, it's a lot of fun.
Simon doing the light show. Dirty Tesla
of course. Lots of good people. David
Moss will fully self-drive himself to
the event to join us on stage discussing
this sort of thing. Interestingly, I
could probably make this smidge bigger.
Yeah. Yeah.
All right, guys. What do you want to
talk about? I should probably determine
that. Best TMEX in Austin. So, I've
never had bad food in Austin. I don't
know. Maybe the competition is fierce.
Uh maybe it's part of the local culture,
but uh everywhere I've been has been
good. So, best I would leave that to
other commenters. I thought the shuttle
was the first real spaceship. It was so
disappointing when they canceled it and
dropped the whole reuse thing. Maybe
this time we'll make it. The whole idea
was that it was supposed to be rapidly
reusable. Launch it, use it, land it,
relaunch it, but the refurbishment time
in between was insane,
problematic. Um, so unfortunate. It did
not meet, in my opinion, all of its
target objectives. Rapid reusability
being the biggest one. It was supposed
to be flying constantly. We had a bunch
of them, but uh, it never flew
constantly. It flew periodically. It
flew so infrequently that I knew people
who didn't realize we had more than one,
which is yeah, fair. Hello from Canada.
Caught my first live. Welcome to Despec
Mining. Uh, let's talk about the SpaceX
IPO. I haven't been following it as
closely. I've been busy with other
things. Um, it looks like it has been
confirmed that Tesla shareholders will
not get any special treatment. I always
wondered how that would work because
special treatment implies a lower than
market price and that would be a breach
of fiduciary obligation to the
shareholders of SpaceX who want the
highest imaginable price. They want the
most money coming in whether that's
coming in directly to the company or to
other uh shareholders who would be
selling. They want that. So, I didn't
know what the mechanics of it would be
to just allow some people from a company
that isn't SpaceX to get some advantage.
Uh,
if it's a thing that happens, I can see
when the IPO happens, I can see a whole
lot of people jumping on it because why
wouldn't you? Uh, do I have the spring
update? Uh, and if so, I set my interior
light strip to red. What happens when
someone in the blind spot? Oh, that's a
great question. I have the spring update
on the Model Y. The Model Y does not
have ambient lighting. I do not have the
spring update on the Model 3. Uh, so I
don't I can't I can't answer that
question. Uh, but I imagine if you had
the ambient lighting set to red,
maybe it would blink at you. I don't
know. That's a great question. I think
it would just do nothing. I think you
would just not see it. Uh, or we can
talk about
a a SpaceX conspiracy.
I'm not a fan of conspiracies.
Uh there are real life conspiracies, but
they're rare. And uh and somehow those
never get as much attention as the ones
that make no sense at all. So that's
fun. Uh we can I mean I'm going to just
refresh this screen to see if Yeah,
really. So, uh, it looks like we have
been bumped to 3:43,
fully 1 hour later than expected. I'm
hoping I can still be here when this
kicks off. TBD to be determined because
that's another delay. It's another
setback. Uh, this still image might as
well be a video. Uh, except the clouds
aren't moving. But, uh, if we're doing
conspiracies, maybe clouds aren't real,
you know? It's, uh, like one big
chemtrail.
Good stuff. My question for so many
conspiracies is, but why
flat-earthers,
which I'm told still exist in some
serious way. I don't know if that's
true, love to say, "Oh, this is how they
do it. This is how they how you address
this one tiny thing." And I say, "But
why?" Well, that's big conspiracy.
Everyone's in on. Why? Why? If the world
was flat, what did the people in on the
conspiracy get out of it? Well, power
and control.
What? What are you talking that doesn't?
Control of what?
When does their window close? It's a
90-minute window. So, this might be the
close of it. Uh, let's see.
I think that would be the close of the
window. If it doesn't launch, then we
would see a scrub is my guess. If not,
the most it would be is another like uh
Yeah. Yeah. So, I've got this one
horsefly in my office and I do not
understand. Either I have genetically
engineered a horsefly to stay alive for
a week instead of a day or
this place is really attractive but only
to one horsefly at a time. I've got a
zapper, but I don't have enough space to
swing it, and so it's
very frustrating.
Uh, let's see. Uh, yeah, it's a big
cover up, man. So, when when does the
window close? It was a 90 minute window,
so we shall see. Uh, yeah, we shall see.
Um, this was just a fun post I wanted to
show. This is uh Ellie saying never
ending stream of tanker trucks. Just
kind of had this in the background for a
while. Just kind of rolling through. Uh
from Joe from Joe Tetmire. Might as well
give it a heart. Hey, if you're watching
this video, you can give it a heart. You
can absolutely do that. No one will stop
you. Uh so
yeah, that's what we're up to. Uh this
chat isn't recorded, is it? Yes, it is.
But how did I know you would ask that?
Uhhuh.
I don't get the ho the hose joke. One
hose town, one hose fly.
I don't get it. I don't get it. Um maybe
when I'm older I'll understand.
Um let's see.
Horse. One horse town. One horse fly
makes more sense. Makes more sense.
Uhhuh. Um, so what would you guys like
to talk about during our uh during our
time together? We have another 40
minutes until the actual uh thing goes
live. Uh, other than Michigan, I can
tell you that I'm going to be in Long
View, Washington at the Go Forth
Festival 2nd, 3rd, and 4th of July. Uh,
we will be running an information booth
about EVs through the Oregon Electric
Vehicle Association. I'll be there most
of those three days, most of them. I do
have volunteers coming to help uh carry
some of the load. Uh but it's a lot of
fun. Join us, won't you? There'll be
live music. There'll be 100 booths.
There'll be a more than a dozen food
trucks. There's uh the what do you call
it? The um uh lumberjack competition
taking place at the north end of the
lake. There'll be live music every day.
There'll be fireworks on the 4th of
July. There's a parade on typically the
morning of the 2nd, I think that uh
rolls right right up to right along the
lake. It's beautiful. It's a lot of fun.
I don't miss it. I mean, I miss it from
last year, but I haven't missed it. We
don't choose to miss it intentionally.
When is super heavy? What do you mean?
Do you mean this? This flight that we're
covering today uh would be uh in 40
minutes and a little under 40 minutes
and 38 minutes the SpaceX live stream
would be going live and then the flight
would be a mere some minutes after that.
Uh would have loved the Falcon 9 landing
on its tail. I don't know what he would
have made of the chopstick catches. Oh,
Heinline would have made would have
loved the Falcon 9 landing on its tail.
You know, it's crazy when you think
about it. If you were talking landing
rockets, I wouldn't have come up with
the chopsticks,
but it makes sense. You can control its
not just its position on the ground, but
of course, you have to control its
position in the space above it. Why not
just use the space above it to do the
landing? Aha. Interesting.
So crazy. Hello from Aberdine, Scotland.
Welcome, Jimbo. Uh, good to have you
here. Uh, the new ship, if you mean this
one here, any minute, you know, and by
any minute, I mean maybe around 3:50
p.m. Pacific, 5:50 p.m. Central, 6:50
p.m. Eastern is what they're targeting.
So, that's uh coming up. Coming up.
Yeah. And there is an article I saw
yesterday. There's a company in Europe
that says, "We've got a ship that's
going to be even more efficient than
Starship. It's going to lift at a better
cost per ton and be reusable." And I
think, are you? I would love to see
that. Please. This is the latest
version. This is the V3. Um, you can
tell because
I don't know if I can get any closer on
it. I can't
because uh the interstage looks like
cross-hatching rather than uh a ring
rather than the solid ring that was
there before. So, you know, that makes
it pretty exciting. This has the V3
Raptor engines, the more efficient,
lighter weight, less heat shielding
versions of the rocket engines on it.
There is a lot of new stuff being tested
on this build. If this can meet all of
its mission objectives,
then I think perhaps this year we will
see payload delivered using Starship.
Possible. Possible. If this has some
significant failures, it could delay the
program. Worth noting that they're only
a few billion dollars into this program.
Someone said big deal. Uh the the
NASA got people to the moon in 1969.
That's a much bigger mission. It's like
right but that cost a third of a
trillion dollars in today's money. That
program not adjusted for inflation cost
more than Starship without the
adjustment. So this is a much leaner,
meaner, more efficient machine. Oh, but
they just took all the research NASA did
and used it. You think they're using
60-year-old rocket technology in this
thing? I I don't know what to tell you,
but they're not. That's not how that
works. NASA chose to open source a
number of their old designs, their
patents, so that others could learn from
them, so that others could have an
easier path to the stars.
The physics hasn't changed, but
materials have changed. Materials have
improved. Material sciences have
developed, have advanced since the
1960s.
And computer modeling has done a lot of
great work, too. The ability to land a
rocket autonomously
probably didn't exist in terms of
compute power in the 1960s. If you want
a fun one, you should look up uh the old
analog cruise missiles because you open
them and it's full of tubes and wires.
It's so analog, you wouldn't believe it.
It's just a mess. You think, "Okay, I
understand why those cost a fortune."
Modern ones, I'm not not quite as sure
why they cost so much. It's pretty
outrageous.
Uh thank you. Thank you. Mhm. Thank
Thank you. You're welcome. Welcome. I
think he meant when will there be a
version of Starship with three boosters
like Falcon Heavy?
Oh my gosh. Oh, a Starship Heavy. Wow. I
think the answer to that is never. I
don't think you could have maintain the
structural integrity to do that. I don't
think. So, I I don't know. And the real
issue becomes how heavy is your payload?
There's already It's not like you're
just going to slap a bigger fairing on.
The weight is the issue. On my way to
the Tesla diner. I wonder if they'll
stream the launch. Oh, you know they
will. They have to, right? I watched the
launch in Florida this morning. Always
amazing. Elen creates magic. Pure magic.
Yeah. And this is the kind of science
that kind of looks like magic, doesn't
it? At least to me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Okay. So, what else should we talk
about? We've got another 33 minutes
until the live stream is scheduled to
start. If it does for some reason scrub
and you hear it somewhere else,
certainly let me know. 3:43 p.m. Pacific
is when we're expecting it. That's in 33
minutes. Yeah. Why don't they even put
even little tiny wings on the booster to
extend its ability to return to base?
Wings. Wings wouldn't help. Wings
wouldn't help. they'd create more drag
than they would benefit on the return
trip. And for a lot of that trip,
they're in very thin atmosphere where
wings would be of minimal use anyhow.
Um, but I I don't think I'm sure they've
considered the possibility and just
decided against it. The real benefit,
the real reason they're able to do the
boost back burn is because the rocket
weighs a fraction of what it did when it
left the Earth. So, the amount of energy
it takes to get kicked all the way back
to the launch site is minimal. You're no
longer carrying the payload for one
thing, the whole top half of whichever
ship it is, Falcon 9, Falcon Heavy, or
Starship. U but also, you're not
carrying all that fuel and oxidizer
makes it a lot less mass to move around.
Uh, so and I just think that the added
drag, the added stress, and if the wings
are lightweight, they'd be subject to
burning. I don't know. Uh,
I mean, I guess the maybe the better
question is why does Starship have wings
at all? H, I'm sure they have a it's to
control the belly flop maneuver, but why
have a belly flop? H, I don't know the
answer to that.
Uh, vacuum tubes are impervious to EMPs
from nukes, but if we get to that point,
cruise missiles are kind of irrelevant.
Anyway,
are transistors uh uniquely vulnerable
in ways that tubes are not? I did not
know. Someone fact check David. Fact
check him. That would be
an interesting thing to to consider. Why
don't they put Oh, yeah. We already
answered that. Mhm. Uh, more questions
are welcome. If anyone uh is watching
this and thinks that they can do a
better job than me, message me, leave a
chat here. Uh, I may send you an invite
to join me and we'll find out if we can
make magic even better together. Uh, for
those new to the channel, uh, I'm Brian.
This is Futurazza and I make videos
about a variety of things. Factories
mostly, technology mostly, uh, but also
about the individual cars and companies.
H, I've covered a hundred different cars
all across North America, Europe, and
Asia. Uh, I've driven in China. I have a
license to drive in China. I have not
been a fan of doing that. It is very
stressful, but I can do it uh for work.
Uh Ken is here from Canada. Uh I have
been to Canada.
Not in the last year or two though. Last
one was for a uh everything electric
show fully charged. Uh that was in
Vancouver year and a half ago. A lot of
fun. Uh lovely lovely city. Very
expensive. Eyewateringly expensive. Uh
so that's you know what are you going to
do? Um I cover factories quite well. I
go I tour factories. I get inside views
of factories. I get to talk to
engineers. And when I travel the country
and the world, my real objective is to
meet with engineers from all kinds of
different uh disciplines to broaden my
understanding of what it is that we're
talking about. Uh so I get to talk about
chemistry and I get to talk about
physics and I get to talk about
manufacturing and I love doing it. Um,
does a US license work in China for
visitors? No, it does not. You need to
have it a notorized translation made and
then you need to go and fill out a bunch
of paperwork, watch a safety video, and
then you get a temporary driving permit.
That is that lasts only as long as your
visa is good for, and usually not even
then. I think I have a 5-year visa and
my permit is for one year. So, there are
a lot of moving pieces. If you don't
have someone to walk you through them,
it can be prohibitive. And someone said
you might even need a local sponsor who
is willing to help you do it. I don't
know if they put their name on it or how
that works. Uh, but everyone I know who
has gotten one did so as a guest of a
particular motor company, some some
motor company or other. Um, I'm not sure
how Kyle Connor got his. It may have
been just through friends who were in
China, but it may have been one of the
car companies helped him get it. So,
yeah, US driver's license can work in a
lot of countries, though. I've driven in
Mexico and Canada, obviously, but um in
Mexico, I drove a BYD Seal that was um
eye opening. It was a very good car. It
was not as good as a Tesla, but it was a
third cheaper, which is
uh concerning. It's concerning if you
are looking at value. And the seal just
keeps getting better. All cars keep
getting better hopefully. I will tell
you, I am worried about Stalantis.
Stalantis in the US is struggling
because they've got u some big dumb
ideas. They've got
local talent. that are not emboldened
and permitted to rise to the occasion.
No, you're going to build what we tell
you to build. And we're in Europe, so
we're going to tell you what Americans
like. And Americans like big dumb cars,
right? So, we're going to give you the
the electric challenger. We're going to
give you the wagon ear.
Those are big dumb cars. The problem is
they're more dumb than anything else.
And as a result, people don't like them.
Well, just put in a bigger battery. Give
it more horsepower with no way to
transfer that torque into actual forward
movement. Worthless. Very dumb.
I've never spent much time in China, but
driving in other Asian countries is fun.
It's a bit like a video game though. Can
be. Definitely requires more attention.
There are countries where it is quite
easy to drive.
I don't think any of them are in Asia.
Singapore might be civilized in terms of
the road. Um, in terms of civilized
roads, parts of Europe, most of Europe
very civilized, but old towns, town
centers, I don't know. I feel like you'd
need uh, but I guess I would say that's
also true. I wouldn't call New York
City, Manhattan driving civilized. I'd
call it organized chaos. I would not uh,
be super jazzed about driving in
Manhattan. I would do it if it was for a
video or something or I had some
legitimate reason, but mass transit
works so well in those places that I
would avoid it because there the mass
transit is civilized and the roads are
chaos versus in the suburbs where mass
transit is hard to find, scarce, and the
driving is very easy. Manila is fun.
I've never been to Manila, but I can
imagine driving in a big city like that.
Always always a challenge. Always
something to keep you on your toes.
Checking again on this part of it. We
still see a scheduled start time of
3:43.
So, 25 minutes. What shall we talk
about? Is that not showing? What the
heck? Darn it.
Very
weird. There we go. Now it should show.
There it is. Uh so yeah, we got that. Uh
3:43 p.m. Yeah, not too long now. We we
can make it if we try. Uh what are you
thinking? The Tesla semi-production ramp
looks like the end of this year and
next. Um I will uh discuss that next
week. Um yeah, but uh slow is the short
answer. Um in terms of this ship, um you
can see the new flame diverter trench.
You can see this looks very different
than the I don't know the legged version
that they had before uh with water
spraying out from the ground. Uh this is
a more traditional sort of thing. It's
got big uh pipes that water flows
through and comes out of everywhere all
the time. It's very fun. Um yeah, so
let's see.
Legacy Auto
that is just lost is what we've got here
in this comment. Legacy auto is lost.
I'm wondering how long it will take.
This is a question I get a lot. How much
longer can they make it? And the answer
is a long time, longer than you'd think,
especially if they decide to retreat to
their shores. Um, at one point GM was
one of the world's biggest car makers.
They sold cars all over the world. Those
international markets are closing one by
one. Uh, they would love to take old
factories, package them up, and ship
them to places like China. Um, Nissan
would do the same thing in 2000ish,
2001. Every taxi I rode in in China was
like a Nissan Sentra, but not the
current Nissan Sentra. The previous one,
when they came out with the new one,
they'd package up all the tooling, send
it to China, and build a rickety version
of it, a lowerc cost version of it. All
the equipment's already amvertised. It's
free equipment, make a garbage version
of this. China doesn't settle for that
anymore. You don't send over your old
tooling. You give them something new and
better, unique, something they actually
want, something that market actually
cares for. Uh so they don't have to
they don't get to save that money. They
don't get that second use out of their
equipment. Got to build it from scratch.
China's very demanding. Buick remains
quite strong in China. If you look at
the Buicks made in China, you'll notice
they're not Buicks. Those are Chinese
cars with Buick badges. There's nothing
Buick about them. And even if you look
at GM's electric cars, the Chinese ones,
the Buicks specifically, have nothing in
common with them. They don't use the
same batteries. They don't use the same
frames. They ar don't have the same
footprint in terms of wheelbase or
width. They don't use the same user
interface. The motors are different.
Everything is the design is different.
The aesthetic is different. Driving it
is different. every single part of it.
It is a Chinese car with a Buick label.
Does Buick make some money off that? I
guess probably a little bit. Not much.
It does mitigate risk. Hard to go broke
when it's just your name and not your
actual product, but licensing your name
will only get you so far. And when the
buyers in China realize this isn't
really Buick,
they'll buy whatever it actually is
instead.
So, um, that's what we're likely to see
in the US. The US market for big dumb
dino burners is probably going to remain
in place for at least 10 years, perhaps
even 20. During that time, hopefully
these companies can get a little bit
smarter. Circling back to Stellantis, we
can say that the wagon ear and the
Charger, both dumb, dumb cars. But
Stantis in Europe is moving forward with
their EV ambitions. They have to. You
can't just retreat to the EU market and
sell gasoline powered cars. Doesn't
work. You have to make whatever that
market sells in Europe. That's electric
vehicles. The mandate is still in place
for 2035. Got 8 8 and a half years. You
can do it. It's going to be painful, but
you can do it. And they are doing it
now. So hopefully they'll
have enough time to make money on their
big dumb dino burners that they can then
get smart and make quality EVs.
So that's,
you know, I don't get why they don't
adopt Tesla's philosophy to compete. You
have legacy issues, but they are looking
at extinction. Surely they could pull it
off. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Um the problem which part of
Tesla's approach the problem is Tesla's
approach is from the ground up an
entirely new philosophy.
The idea of constant iteration the idea
of empowering every employee to rise to
the level of their natural talents is
scary and difficult. And how does our
management team deal with that? You look
at the new plan Toyota GM joint venture.
Toyota said, 'Look, this is how you
build a car. This is how you do it. The
number of flaws goes way down. The
efficiency goes way up. The problems
start to disappear. GM said, "Wow,
that's great. We should do that in all
of our plants." Nah, they just didn't.
They just didn't. Why didn't GM follow
in those footsteps? They just didn't.
So, that's tricky. I don't know. I don't
know how you fix something that's that
broken. It's rotted to the core is my
concern. Do you think that individuals
are really going to be able to add their
cars to the robo taxi fleet? I don't
know. Talk about it next week. Uh how
are towns going to feel? I don't know. I
don't know. We'll talk about Tesla stuff
next week. Uh which car company gets
bought by Google for data collection?
That's interesting.
I don't know if they're going to need
to. I think they've got enough vehicles
on the road with enough sensors that
they might be able to get away without
needing the 10 billion miles. And uh
yeah, I think they could I think they
could potentially do it. The trick with
buying a company, I've seen people say,
"Oh, Apple should buy Lucid or Google
should buy Lucid." And I disagree. It's
not the $2 billion market cap that gets
you. It's like buying any used luxury
car. The purchase price isn't what kills
you. It's the upkeep. They're losing so
much money that Lucid is
if you gave me the company for free, I'd
still be broke. I'd be broker than I am
today. So, I don't know who would want
that. And of course, Lucid, they're just
not making enough cars. It is believed
that their new Cosmos vehicle could save
them if the price is right and the
margin exists. It's a lot of conditional
clauses there. Possible,
but difficult. Uh and right now it's
just a money burning machine, an an
efficient money burning machine. They
burn money like no one in history apart
from perhaps Rivian. Rivian, oh, they
stoke the flames with fresh $100 bills
by the minute. It's amazing. I'm hopeful
that the R2 can save them, but there's a
bunch of ifs. Rivian has a much clearer
path to success than Lucid, but I don't
really have many conversations with uh
important people at either company, so
who knows? Uh I certainly don't have
inside information on either of those
companies, but you don't need inside
information to read the financials, and
they are scary. So, uh, I don't know
that Google would need to. I think and I
don't know that it would ne necessarily
be helpful because Whimo is trying to
get into all the international markets
and you need that data collection
everywhere. It's only a handful of
companies that could do it. And the real
trick then is well now we've got to kit
up the cars with sensors and cameras and
everything so that the data gathered is
meaningful. So, I think they've got a
weirdly uphill battle about that.
Uh yeah uh the proposed exports to
Canada make sense. Yeah, there are
Nissan is looking to Nissan has dealers
throughout Canada. Nissan is looking to
bring in their Chinese-made EVs. Now
they're again barely Nissan's. They're
really Nissan branded cars made by
China, but they could sell those at the
dealerships. Why not? So, Nissan has a
chance of getting cars in as well. Um,
and they could pounce quickly. BYD is
looking to open some shops, uh, some,
you know, sales and service centers, but
that takes time. No matter how
aggressive you wish to be, it takes
time. If we take a look over here, we'll
see we are still on hold for another 15
minutes. 15 minutes. I think we can
survive that. If it gets bumped again,
it may be uh maybe scrapped at that
point. It may maybe may be scrubbed for
the day. Um you know,
hopefully I would like it to be a
regular scrub rather than an exfoliating
one. Lucid,
which is how of course uh what was his
name? Oh man. Um
the founder the former CEO Peter
Rollinsson said it losed very sad such a
good car is made by such a poorly run
company.
Is it a good car?
They started as a formula E race car
builder.
When you have one objective performance
above all else, does that translate into
a manufacturable product? Yeah. They
have a lightweight motor that only helps
if it's costefficient and doesn't break.
If it's a car that you're going to race,
it doesn't matter how reliable it is.
You only need to get through one race,
okay? Maybe maybe one season of race.
But when it's a consumerf facing
product, you need to build that thing in
a way that allows it to be repaired. You
need to build it in a way where the
individual components don't cost so much
that there's no way on earth you could
sell it at a profit. If you want to
optimize performance over everything
else, get a Rimac. I've never seen one
of those with more than a few thousand
miles on it because you don't drive that
car every day. Could that car even make
it to the end of its warranty period?
unknown, unclear, and probably
irrelevant because the people buying it
for a million and a half,$2 million
dollars don't seem to mind that problem.
So, there are
there's a balance.
The Model 3, the Model Y, these are not
the best motors in the world. They're
not meant to be. They're meant to be the
most coste effective and efficient for
the purpose that we want them to be.
That's the goal. And that's why China's
market segmentation has been so
successful is they're able to grab
people who want the million-doll, you
know, half million dollar BYD hypercar
or the tricked out Range Rover
alternative, but also get people who
just want to get to work nearby for
eight grand, five grand. They can do
that. So, I don't know.
Like birds, legacy EVs are a scop. So, I
did make a joke yesterday or today on
Herbert's channel about um I've never
seen a baby pigeon. That is of course a
talking point from the birds aren't real
conspiracy theory, which was a social
experiment, not a real conspiracy. He
had to call it off when people were
believing him because humans can believe
all kinds of crazy things if we want to,
even if we don't want to. Uh legacy EVs
are a scop.
Maybe I believe that. I believe there's
an element of truth to that. If we make
them too good, people will buy them.
When you look at Electrify America's
terrible, terrible early years of
charging, it's because their objective
wasn't to make charging good. It was to
deploy a certain number of handles as
required by the settlement for
Dieselgate. No one said the chargers had
to be good. We just had to build them
and get them out there. They did. Then
they realized, okay, the the term has
expired. Let's sell this company. nobody
would touch it because it was garbage
because all you did was put a was take a
dump in a box and mark it guaranteed
doesn't help. Um, so what they did at
that point is start trying to make a
good network and it's really hard to dig
yourself out of that hole, especially
reputation wise. Other charging
companies have much better reputations.
Even if Electrify America is improved,
there are a lot of people who will never
know because of those terrible early
days. So, I believe there's a nugget of
truth to the fact that legacy companies
don't want to sell EVs. It's definitely
true that car dealerships don't want to
sell them because there's good money in
bad repairs. You know, maintenance costs
a fortune. Now, I didn't believe that. I
thought that was a conspiracy theory. I
got to have dinner with a former GM
sales manager and he told me, "Oh, it is
100% true. We do not like selling EVs
because we can't trick people into
buying our maintenance packages, our our
not very valuable maintenance packages.
And when the warranty expires and it's
time to get the car fixed, those repairs
are expensive.
But, uh, electric cars only have a few
different ways to fail. So, I've seen
people
I I've known people who have had 300
400,000 milei cars that are still on
their first battery, their first motor.
200 in the under 300 is a lot more
common, but crazy. There's a huge uh
charger at the library in Ashra, North
Carolina. Software doesn't work spot on.
It's frustrating. That's frustrating.
Love from Portugal. Thank you, Daniel.
Any news on the slate front? So, I
looked into Slate a few days ago to see
what's up, where they're at, and it
looks like they are
June is when we've been told to expect
pricing, uh, and probably see something,
see something. Um, from what I can
gather from people I know, they are
still moving forward. they are still uh
putting all of their equipment together
and getting everything ready to actually
enter production makes me hopeful. I
hope they can actually get to production
and I hope they're able to do so in a
way that allows them to actually sell
the truck at a reasonable price. There
are a lot of misconceptions about the
truck. Uh the CEO I think or one of the
engineers was asked, "Are you really
saving money by putting in crank
handles?" and he admitted, "No, no, that
doesn't save money." That saved money
back when electric motors were
expensive. Electric motors are a
commodity. They're very cheap now. And
especially if you're going to build a
door capable of handling either one,
you're doing twice the engineering
anyway. You've actually lost money. So,
and well, I just don't want a car that's
a computer, my friend. It's still a
computer. Is absolutely 100% a computer
you are driving. It's got a battery
management system. It's got all the T.
Well, yeah, but I It doesn't have an
infotainment screen. Yes, it does. It's
got a backup camera by law. It must.
It's required. So, you got the backup
and forward collision warning, forward
collision mitigation. All that's
computers, my friend. So, uh it could be
less computer. If you want a car that's
less computer, that's something you can
do, but it's not going to introduce the
world of cost savings that a lot of
people seem to think. The reason modern
cars are expensive isn't because of all
the computer aspects. It's because of
all the safety. Do you know how safe a
modern car is compared to 50 years ago?
Good gravy. On YouTube, you can find a
video, I think it was the insurance
institute, that crashed a a new Malibu
into an old Malibu head on. not not
head-on, small overlap.
And it was the much much bigger car. You
think, "Oh, it's going to eat that thing
alive." It didn't. It was terrifying to
see how poorly this giant heavy boat
from the 60s performed compared to a
modern car. And it might not have been a
Malibu, but you can find it on YouTube.
It's terrifying and a lot of fun. Long
Island Railroad went on strike. Was so
nice and quiet over the weekend. I was
hoping Elon would send 50,000 robo taxis
with train wheels. That'd be hilarious.
That would be hilarious.
Um,
robo taxis can be used in all kinds of
uh kinds of
emergency situations. If you've got a
forest fire, why not use robo taxis to
run in and out the supplies, the water,
the radio stuff? Be a lot safer than
sending humans in. more reliable, little
more melty perhaps with those uh
polycarbonate body panels, but can
replace those in ways you can't replace
a human. And if it's hot enough to melt
the plastic, it would have been hot
enough to fry your paint anyway. I'm
going to just hit reload over here. Make
sure we are not missing anything. Still
scheduled 6 minutes out. Can we make it?
Possibly. No one knows. It is beyond
science to know if the linear
progression of time will continue at its
current pace, but I am hopeful.
I am hopeful about that. I do need to
check and see. Okay. Well, I've sent a
message regarding my Zoom chat scheduled
at 4. It's going to be bumped because
everyone who would be in that Zoom chat
is probably going to be watching the
launch. Uh, and now, of course, my email
doesn't feel like loading, but that's
okay, too. Uh, anything you guys would
like to chat about? Airbags are
overpriced. I'm just gonna fill my next
car with bean bag chairs. Love it. You
should definitely do that. They are much
more affordable than airbags. I think
you should I think you should get on
that. And I don't even think you should
wait. I think you should uh replace all
safety features in your vehicle and home
and office with bean bag chairs. Guess
I'll double check my email on my phone
because
because I uh it's important that I be
available to the meetings that I have
committed to. What meeting is that you
ask? I know you did. So I shall tell
you. It is u a final one of the final
planning meetings for the Michigan
summer meetup in Moskegan June 5th and
6th. Join us. Will you not? Will you
join us? Can't you bunch of great
speakers
light show on Friday meet and greet
where you can hang out with me and some
of these fine folks the night before on
Friday special while people are setting
up the light show. We will be meeting
and greeting in the meet and greet tent.
Uh and uh all those proceeds go to help
pay for the event because the event is
not making money. The event is losing
money. And it would be great if we could
lose it in smaller numbers and less
volume of losing would be would be
helpful because we want this event to be
sustainable and uh when you lose money
it's unsustainable.
Uhhuh. David pointed out that I
mispronounced Muskigan.
The city council or the planning
somebody in the city years ago had given
Kelly permission to say yes for the day
of your event. The event, the city is
called Muskigan, spelled the same way,
but if you guys pronounce it that way,
you are allowed to. So that's great.
Brian's a very caring fellow. Um, yes,
but Michigan are my peeps. They are a
club that's been um very active uh in
outreach and putting events together.
they sponsor uh adopt a charger, a
program where volunteers go out and just
clean up superchargers because someone's
got to do it. And a lot of times the
businesses don't have the manpower to to
dedicate to something like that, which
is, you know, frustrating in its own
way. So, um, and they're, you know,
they're great people. Give them love.
Love them on my behalf. Uhhuh. Thanks
for carrying this. Let's see. Uh guys,
we are down to three minutes until this
stream is scheduled to begin. Uh let's
see if we can do it. Appreciate your
semi coverage. Was on Randy show talking
about how important it is to
manufacturing.
Yeah. Uh
everything you manufacture has a cost.
Getting that item from where it's
created to the factory and then the
factory to the consumer is
transportation. It's very unlikely that
any leg of that journey doesn't at some
point have a semi-truck. But even if
it's using trains or planes, energy is
largely fungeable. Lower energy costs,
lower transport costs can lower costs.
Can also increase margins. It can do
both at the same time or one or the
other. All all true.
60 90 120 seconds. probably 100 seconds
now that I paused and fumbled until this
live stream is scheduled to go. Guess
I'll show that. Looks like this. Turn
the back on
and hit refresh because why not? Make
sure.
Yeah. Scheduled for a minute and a half
from now. Uh, okay. We've got word that
prop load.
Uh-huh. Go for prop load.
Oh, so that means we're 30 minutes still
from the actual launch because it takes
about 30 minutes to load the propellant.
That's uh Okay.
I just found out what? What did you just
find out, Joe? I'm not seeing a previous
comment. That would uh lead me to
believe. Just found out what? That I'm
here. Where do you think I am? I'm
always here. Just that usually the
camera's off. I still look forward and
talk just like this. I don't, but that
would be mental and hilarious. Uh, for
those who don't know, I can pull
something else up for July. Haven't told
anybody. Uh,
here we go. Is uh, let's see. Let me
find it. Uh,
boy, it's really navigable.
Mhm. Let me share this tab.
July 10th through the 26th. Three
bandits and a baby. Yeah, I'm gonna be
in that. I'm playing the sheriff. Uh
heading to the rollicking old west. Uh
with
Gary Macccarver's Three Bandits and a
Baby, a musical melodrama that brings
audiences right back to the beloved town
of San Juan Capistrano.
Gamblers, rain makers, fortune tellers,
and three dastardly bandits stirring up
mischief. July 10th through 26th. Join
me, won't you? Could be my second uh
production on stage
uh since
the early 90s.
Did a lot of theater in high school.
That I'm sure comes as a surprise to
precisely no one.
Let's see how we're doing here. I click
on this. Is it Is it going? Is it go
time? Should I unmute it?
That's nice and loud.
Definitely copyright music. They always
ding us with the copyright music. Would
you? Could you? Pretty please don't do
that. Does this work if I do this? Yeah,
that's slick.
Move this to wide.
Nope.
That makes it weird. Regular
tall. That's not too bad. Okay, so this
is what we're up to is uh there will be
um live footage of Mars. It's not what
it is. It's definitely not live footage.
Um
interesting that it appears to be on
also like a 60°ree inclination.
You can see the aurora borealis. I don't
know what you call the northern lights
on Mars. Probably has a different name.
uh 23,000
people viewing plus 60 and whatever
here. That might be a cumulative number.
How many viewers are we up to? Let us
know that. And if they cut in with some
chitty chat,
we'll know. Uh let's see.
Uh David says, "I would love to see you
on stage." Where is it? So I can see it.
Let's see.
Launch time.
Lunchtime now. Just ate dinner. Um Joe
said it's a quicker launch schedule than
previous. And uh just found out about
the live stream. Sorry I'm late. You're
not late. You missed nothing. We were
just chitty chitty chatting.
Must be in the wrong time zone.
Um breaking news.
talented surprise me
TBD
fun times I would love to see you on
stage won't visit the USA for a while
though ah well it happens been busy
running most of the day I'll allow it
I'll allow it awesome I would love to
watch you perform on stage long way from
Panama but we will catch you sometime
yeah never been to Panama I imagine Most
people you meet online say the same
thing.
Uhhuh.
How can you learn improv in New Jersey?
It's difficult because everything I've
learned in New Jersey, I managed to
forget about it.
Uh, as I understand if they added is it
if they have added many more cameras.
Interesting. Yeah, I think there would
be a benefit to having additional
flappy cameras. Those are the really
only ones I would need. Why would anyone
join uh that stream when they could be
here, right? Right. I mean, come on.
Uh let's see if they're chatting yet
because this looks like it might be
chatting.
&gt;&gt; And we are just over 43 minutes away
from the first flight of SpaceX's next
generation vehicle, Starship version 3.
I'm Kate Ty, senior manager of quality
systems engineering.
&gt;&gt; And I'm Jake Burkowitz, a lead
propulsion engineer. And today we're
coming to you live from just outside the
production floor at Staractory, where
the teams preparing for Starship's 12th
test flight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been a few months since our
last update. And in that time, the team
has been working hard to completely
redesign the entire rocket that you see
there from the ground up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right, Kate. Starship
version 3 has undergone significant
upgrades, taking everything we've
learned from the previous 11 flights to
make a vehicle capable of full and rapid
reusability. This includes everything
from a new booster, new ship, new
engines to a new launchpad, new
avionics, new software, and so much
more. All of that hardware is just down
the road at pad 2, a little over a mile
and a half away from Jake and myself.
And in over in our viewing area outside
of outside on the lawn, Starbase
employees are excited and already
starting to gather to watch today's
flight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And right behind us are three
generations of Raptor engines. And today
will be the first flight of the newest
generation, Raptor V3. And the 33
Raptors on Super Heavy booster combined
to generate 18 million pounds of thrust.
You can see them all there.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot.
&gt;&gt; It's a lot.
And it makes Starship by far the most
powerful rocket of all time. And for
comparison, we have over twice the
thrust of the Saturn 5 rocket that
carried astronauts to the moon. And then
here, of course, you can see on ship, we
have another six engines, and three of
them feature the larger vacuum optimized
nozzles called Arvac. As a member of the
Raptor team, I can tell you that we're
all incredibly excited to put V3 to the
test today and demonstrate the
capabilities of our most advanced
engine. And we'll get into all the
exciting new details in just a few
moments.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that excitement is well warranted,
Jake. Raptor and Starship V3 are
designed to be foundational for the
future of the program. They're designed
to enable us to send payloads and
eventually people all the way to the
moon and Mars, ultimately helping us
make life multilanetary and extending
the light of consciousness to the stars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And in the meantime, we're
planning to put Starship to work shortly
by launching bigger and more powerful
Starlink version 3 satellites. These new
satellites aim to substantially increase
capacity in orbit, strengthen the
network, and deliver an improved
experience for customers on Earth.
Starship will also carry our upcoming V2
Starlink mobile satellites, which are
expected to provide direct 5G
connectivity from space straight to
mobile phones worldwide. Now, as a
reminder for all of you watching at
home, what we're doing today is a test.
Like we mentioned earlier, we've
redesigned the majority of this rocket
and its systems. From the outside, for
those of you that have tuned in before,
it might look pretty familiar, but
beneath the surface, it's all new. And
the primary objective today is to put it
all together in a real live flight
environment. In order to learn, we got
to launch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And really, it's the data we're
expecting to get back from today's
flight that's going to bring us closer
to making Starship operational and
unlocking the next generation of our
future in space. So, no matter the
outcome of today's test flight,
excitement is guaranteed.
&gt;&gt; Most definitely. And speaking of
excitement, Dan Hwitt is in a pretty
exciting place. He's stationed just
outside of the launch control center, a
couple floors above us. How's it going
up there, Dan?
&gt;&gt; Kate, it it couldn't be going better. We
have a blue sky outside. I'm beyond
psyched. Hello everybody. I'm Dan Hwitt
with SpaceX Communications. It's been
far too long. Welcome back for another
Starship launch. Things are looking
good. We are counting down. We moved
into our window a little bit, but we are
looking good right now at this moment.
Behind me, you see the flight control
team. They're on console looking at the
rocket, the pad, the range, the weather,
everything. As we countd down to
liftoff, we're going to be getting into
prop load in just a couple of minutes.
And we are counting down to a liftoff at
6:30 p.m. Central time. The weather is
great. We haven't had a blue sky all
day. There you can see almost nothing
but that. We were fighting some upper
upper level winds a little bit earlier.
That's why we moved into our launch
window. But the great news is we are
looking go for launch. Also, we're
monitoring the range. So air and sea
space out in the Gulf and also in the
Indian Ocean on the other side of the
world, not tracking any issues there.
Now, today's countdown functionally
going to look pretty similar to most
people. There's a couple of differences
in timing for some of those major
milestones like when we start loading
propellant, when the diverter turns on
and the water's flowing, when the
engines start up, but otherwise, other
than that, all of the hardware brand
new. New booster, new ship, new engines,
new pad. Let's nerd out. Let's let's
dive right into it. So, there it is in
the pad. Say hello to Starship version
three. As Kate noted, some of the
outside might look familiar, but we've
made extensive upgrades across every
single system. Start with the big
picture because Starship still very,
very big. Just over 407 ft tall, fully
stacked, a little bit taller than
version two. With that extra stretch, we
can carry even more propellant. Uh, but
big rocket. The bottom half is our super
heavy booster, and there are some pretty
visible structural changes on the
outside. We'll jump in. You've got
version three on the left there, version
two on the right at the very top. We've
changed from a one-time use hot stage
adapter that used to pop off to one
that's fully integrated for reusability.
And Starship's Raptors are actually
going to be igniting directly on top of
the booster's fuel tank. The fuel tank
pressure itself and then a nonstructural
layer of steel. It's what's protecting
the top of that booster when we do hot
stage separation. Moving down a little
bit, we went from four grid fins to
three. We made them 50% bigger and
higher strength. Just a reminder, that's
what booster is using to kind of steer
itself as it's flying back to for a
catch. We're also now going to use those
grid fins for lift and catch itself. We
zoom in a little bit and you can see new
catch points now on those grid fin
structures.
Moving inside the rocket, we redesigned
the fuel transfer tube. This is the
really big tube inside the rocket that's
moving all of that liquid methane down
to the Super Heavy's 33 Raptor engines.
It's going to help us flip faster and we
can now start up all the engines
simultaneously. This thing is big. It's
about the size of a Falcon 9 first
stage, which gives us the fun
realization that we kind of put a rocket
inside of our rocket. The very bottom of
the booster looks very different. You've
got those new Raptor 3 engines that
enabled us to delete the bulky heat
shields, the engine shrouds that we had
on the previous generation, and then all
of the propulsion avionics hardware for
those engines are super tightly
integrated now and protected by much
slimmer shielding.
Move on up second stage. This version of
Starship is designed to carry massive
orbital payloads. We're talking up to
100 metric tons to Earth orbit, the
moon, and Mars. The biggest changes are
pretty much all under the hood. We gave
the propulsion system a clean sheet
redesign, increased the propellant tank
volume, and improved our reaction
control system, our steering while we're
on orbit. When we X-ray inside, the PEZ
dispenser is now supercharged, a little
bit of turbo, and that's going to allow
us to increase the deploy speed for each
of those satellites. Today we're
actually flying the heaviest payload
we've ever carried on Starship, but
eventually we're going to launch with up
to 60 of those Starlink V3 satellites.
Just below that, just below the payload
bay near and also down in the app part
of the ship, we've added new docking
ports that's going to enable us to link
up into orbit between two starships, do
propellant transfer. We also modified
that main connection point where we load
propellants into the vehicle for those
future prop transfer missions. So, lot
of upgrades tiptoeail on the rocket, but
powering everything, the Raptor 3.
There they are, ripping in real time.
These engines manufactured in Hawthurn,
California. Tested at our site up in
McGregor. We redesigned their entire
ignition system. We bumped up the
thrust, so putting out more force. went
from 230 to 250 tons for us on those sea
level engines, 258 all the way up to 275
on the vacuum optimized ones. When you
look at all the generations of Raptor
lined up, all of those fiddly bits, the
sensors, feed lines, controllers,
everything that you were used to seeing
around Raptor 1 and two, a lot of those
have either been deleted, best part is
no port, or they're internally
integrated and protected inside of the
engine itself. That'll let us
dramatically cut down on the weight of
the engine, make it easier to
manufacture because we are going to be
mass-producing these things. Now, we
make these Raptors in Hawthorne. We got
There's our Hawthorne manufacturing
team. Get ready to see their engines fly
in space for the very first time. Huge
shout out to you guys. You're all
wizards. Appreciate you getting us some
vehicles on the pad today. But
incredible amount of effort. World's
best engineering team works here at
SpaceX. get this rocket to that pad
ready to launch. And we've been trying
to follow more of it and document some
of it. And if you haven't seen it, check
out our new docu series Starship.
We really, you know, built this rocket
from scratch, but we've also built the
pad from scratch. So, it's all kinds of
new systems. This will be the first time
that we bring together the pad and
vehicle pieces to make sure that they
all work.
static fire vehicle is uh in prepad
clear about to get to our static fire
pad clear up state. We run 60 seconds on
ship because you get to see how the
vehicle thermals all shake out and just
general vehicle performance. That if you
can make it through that that you are in
a reasonable position to go fly.
&gt;&gt; Start up.
&gt;&gt; Throttle up.
system.
&gt;&gt; The journey of SpaceX is a journey to
give humans access to the solar system
and beyond, which is really the goal for
Starship.
&gt;&gt; Plus 20.
&gt;&gt; The impact that this rocket is going to
have on the world. I don't think most
people can really comprehend the change
it's going to have.
&gt;&gt; 30.
&gt;&gt; This is such a wild ride. The highs are
high, the lows are low as we like really
work to get to ultimately launching
people, which is going to be amazing.
Plus 40.
&gt;&gt; It is not impossible just because it's
far beyond what has been done before.
We've proved that time and time again.
&gt;&gt; Plus 50ation.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, like Dan said, we've got the
world's best engineering team and I love
this docky series because it's allowing
us to get a peak behind the curtains.
Yeah, it's the full thing is 25 minutes
long and I think I've watched it four or
five times already. That's how good it
is.
&gt;&gt; Same.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, so just as the team has been
working hard on a brand new rocket,
we've also redesigned the ground
systems. The brand new Pad 2 that you
can see on your screen here is making
its big debut today. We took everything
we learned from operating on pad one to
create this totally new launchpad. Pad 2
is optimized for full and rapid
reusability. We've upgraded our
propellant farm with much more storage
and more pumps to enable super fast
filling for launch and relaunch. On the
tower, we changed to shorter chopsticks,
which enable even faster motion to
better track vehicles flying in for
catch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We also changed the actuators
driving those chopsticks from hydraulics
to 100% electromechanical, increasing
their speed, redundancy, and
reliability.
On the ground, the launch mount was
completely redesigned. And if I had to
describe it in one word, I'd say it's
robust. With the extensive concrete and
steel cladding, it almost feels like
you're looking at a battleship, not a
launchpad. But it's also smarter. We've
separated the fuel and ox systems into
different compartments and repositioned
the booster quick disconnects to be out
of the vehicle's plume during liftoff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And perhaps the most obvious
change, we've now got a birectional
flame diverter. We said goodbye to the
pancake and a new top deck flame
deflector to eliminate metal wearing
down which will help us get to zero
refurbishment between launches. In fact,
that new flame trench and the new
chopsticks are featured here on our new
pad 2 launch shirts. This launchpad is
built for maximum safety and fast
turnaround because making life
multilanetary will require launching a
lot of Starships.
And as the countdown continues, let's
change gears for a moment and head over
to Tyler Lionquist in Hawthorne to talk
about Starlink. How's it going over
there, Tyler?
&gt;&gt; Hey, Kate, and thank you. We're back in
Hawthorne, and we have a crowd forming
outside of mission control, ready to see
some Starships fly today. And like Jake
mentioned earlier, on today's flight,
we're deploying 20 Starlink simulators,
plus two modified Starlink satellites,
which our team internally refers to as
dodger dogs, because we stretch that V2
mini satellite propellant tank so that
it sticks out from both ends of the
satellite. You can see it right there.
It is just missing some mustard onions.
So the Dodger dog serves as a tech demo
between the V2 and the V3 Starlink
satellites and will act as a platform
for testing those V3 components. So the
larger V3 satellites aim to greatly
expand the network's capacity while V3
hardware is designed to support faster
Wi-Fi and improved broadband speeds to
customers while providing a significant
capacity upgrade from the V2 Mini. And
in addition to delivering future V3
satellites to the Starlink network, we
believe Starship will enable us to
launch our AI satellites. As you may
have seen during the Terapab event in
Austin a few months ago, Elon laid out
the path to revolutionize cloud
computing and AI infrastructure,
leveraging the unlimited power of the
sun, targeting 100 gawatts to one teratt
of AI computing power annually. And from
there, we're looking at connectivity
beyond our planet, too. Building on the
technologies used to connect people on
Earth, the Starlink team is exploring
using Starlink to enable high bandwidth
connectivity around the moon. With a
with a constellation of satellites
designed to connect to user terminals on
the lunar surface, we could relay data
back to our Starling constellation in
Earth orbit. So, traditionally, deep
space comms have relied on radio
frequency transmission. This new design
would use lasers to relay data back to
Earth, which can massively increase the
bandwidth available to future lunar
missions. We currently have thousands of
lasers operating in our Starlink
constellation around Earth. Deploying
that technology around the moon could
connect it with hundreds of terabytes of
capacity.
Together, this could provide the
connectivity backbone between the Earth
and the Moon and enable gigabit
connectivity anywhere on the lunar
surface, providing data for rovers,
habitats, and astronauts, and hopefully
some incredible views for us back on
Earth, too. So, all of that adds up to a
lot of satellites. But the good news is
that there's still plenty of space in
space. But that said, the Starlink team
takes space safety extremely seriously
and we work hard to encourage best
practices across the entire industry so
space stays open for as many people as
possible.
There are tens of thousands of known
space debris in lower Earth orbit right
now. All of that debris comes from
man-made activities.
A lot of people talk about space being
really congested and they show this dust
cloud around the earth of all these
points and it looks like space is super
super crowded. I think if you take all
the spacecraft that are in orbit, it's
equivalent to about three aircraft
flying over California at one time. So
space is so much bigger, so many
dimensions that are much beyond what we
can comprehend. But even though it's
big, there still is a potential that
these satellites could collide and could
hit each other if we don't proactively
share information.
&gt;&gt; The orbit of objects follow Kepler's
laws of motion explained by Newton's
laws of gravitation. So they orbit the
Earth in very predictable trajectories
as long as another force doesn't act on
them. So you can reasonably fit millions
of satellites into an orbital shell with
that math. Obviously to make that happen
you have to have really tight
coordination between all those
satellites and everything has to work
really well together.
Starlink satellites make something like
a thousand collision avoidance maneuvers
on a daily basis.
We predict that a close approach will
occur between another satellite or a
piece of space debris. We use the
thruster of the satellite to make a
maneuver
and keep away from the trajectory of
that object and reduce the probability
of collision to effectively zero.
Because most of the actual collision
risk comes from the surface area of the
solar panels. We lower the solar panels
to reduce the cross-section in the plane
of the close approach to further reduce
risk.
On Starink, I'm also excited to talk
about a program we call Stargaze.
cameras on the satellites looking up
into space measuring the starfield. You
can imagine 10,000 satellites staring up
into space and detecting all the objects
in low Earth orbit. You effectively
almost have a realtime view of what's
happening in the lower Earth orbit
environment.
So we began detecting objects and
fitting orbits to those objects and
currently we're tracking about 50% of
the objects with pariges below 600 km.
This project has opened our eyes a bit
to the activities that are occurring in
space that are not being published. So
we have many examples in Starlink
satellite footage where an object came
within tens of meters of a Starlink
satellite. Yet this was not predicted.
This is extremely concerning because
this type of incident could have
resulted in a collision.
&gt;&gt; Last year we flew 165 missions to space.
As an industry leader, we would like to
create a community where all industry
providers share data back and forth.
They tell us where their spacecraft are.
They track their spacecraft as soon as
they're deployed. They make them
available to others so we know where
everyone is. You know, there's some
thought that if I keep my satellite
position confidential and I don't share
that with anyone, no one will know where
my satellite is. I think that's really
fictitious. So, we at SpaceX, we've
taken the opposite approach. We've
published all our data. We put all our
firmerous data out. We show where our
satellites are. We show where we're
maneuvering. And I think we're now
showing the industry that there is no
competitive advantage by not sharing
your data. We're demonstrating to the
outside world what good practices are.
We as an industry have a tremendous
obligation at this time at this
formative state to actually communicate
with each other, share best practices,
and be good stewards amongst each other.
It'll make us better as an industry.
It'll give us an industry of the future
that will continue to grow, continue
innovate, and help every company to grow
and and generate revenue
&gt;&gt; to maintain safety in low Earth orbit.
It's incredibly important that we work
together as satellite operators and are
very transparent in the activities that
we are conducting. I think that an
irresponsible satellite operator is one
who either doesn't know where their
spacecraft is or where it's going to go
or isn't broadcasting that to the world.
Space is big but operators are not
always predictable. We want to enable
other missions, moon and Mars and
interplanetary exploration. So ensuring
that activities like that can persist
for the duration of humanity is is
incredibly important. You know,
fundamentally I think the message to
operators is to be transparent about
what you're doing in space. You know,
transparent about where your satellite
is and where it's going and make sure
you have the tools to ensure that that
information is accurate all the time.
Starlink's future is bright and helping
ensure space safety for all operators
along the way. Now, let's take a look
into the flight profile for today's
test. As we've mentioned a few times
already, there are numerous redesigns
making their debut today across the
entire launch vehicle. Uh, in light of
this, we want to keep our learning
focused on all that new hardware and
software. So, we're running a flight
profile similar to our last two Starship
flights in order to minimize new
variables.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll start with liftoff where
Super Heavy ignites 33 brand new Raptor
3 engines. We power through a scent
ahead of hot stage separation. Booster
shuts down all but five sustainer
engines. Stage two lights its Raptor
engines while still attached to Super
Heavy. We get to see stage separation
debuting the integrated hot stage.
Directional booster flip engine relight
and boost back using 33 engines. And
after coasting for a few minutes, the
booster today will target a landing burn
and soft splashdown a few miles off the
coast from Starbase.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ship does a bunch of fun things
like deploying 20 Starlink simulator
satellites. Two of them dodger dogs as
we affectionately call them. Uh single
engine Raptor relight and then re-entry.
Everybody's favorite part. Lots of fun
technicolor colors that will be brought
to us by Starlink. And if all of that
goes as planned, we will finish with the
we will finish the test with a flip, a
landing burn, and a soft splashdown in
the Indian Ocean. And actually, in just
a few moments, thanks to Starlink, we'll
be going live to the Indian Ocean and
chatting with the ship recovery team
stationed out there.
&gt;&gt; I'm so excited for that. That's going to
be awesome.
&gt;&gt; Uh but sit tight. Uh first, we're going
to go to Dan for a quick status check.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks guys. Uh everything's still
looking good. We are not tracking any
issues technically on the vehicle or on
the pad. Range status continues to be
good. Uh both the range out here in the
Gulf and out in the Indian Ocean. As you
can see, we have started our propellant
load. Uh that happened at about 36
minutes before T0. Uh we're loading
about 20% faster on pad 2 than we did on
pad one. Our flight director, Ty
Huntington's back in the chair again. He
was there for Starship's first flight
test and 11 back for V3. He did that
final go no go at about T-minus one
hour. We do start loading on ship first.
That happened at about T-minus 37.
Booster follows about 1 minute later
starting with its liquid oxygen and then
its liquid methane and then ship fuel is
the last one to kick off about T-minus
35. We're going to continue loading all
of this propellant on board until about
3 minutes right before launch. 3 minutes
20 on chip, 2 minutes 50 on the booster.
Uh, so we go pretty much right down to
the wire, but uh, as of this moment,
still looking good. T0 set for 6:30 p.m.
Central time. Continuing to load prop,
continuing to countdown. All right, if
you've been following along with these
launches, you know we've been sending
these suborbital and they splash down in
the Indian Ocean. How the heck do we see
some of that? Well, we have our recovery
team, our starship recovery team, and
one of their primary jobs is to get
those re-entry views and a whole lot
more. We're going to take them now.
We're joining them out in the Indian
Ocean. We've got Serenai standing by
taking a moment uh from the recovery
ops. He might be frozen. Let me know if
you can hear me, Saren. How's everything
looking out there in the ocean?
&gt;&gt; Dan, I can hear you loud and clear.
We're uh sitting in about eight foot
waves, but it's looking like a clear
day, ready for a ship to come on
through.
&gt;&gt; All right, man. How many of these have
you done? And like walk us through
what's the recovery team's primary job
out there?
&gt;&gt; I've done I've done six and now seven
seven of these missions. And uh like our
with every mission, we've seen it evolve
and uh like but our primary goal has
always been to clear the range. So, just
like we do over in the Gulf, the same
kind of happens here. We send one to two
boats out and we make sure there's
nothing in the area so the rocket is
clear to land. And then once we can
guarantee that and have the rocket leave
the pad, then we can proceed to imagery
collection. So, we have like
all right, we'll see if we can get him
back. But they're out there in the
Indian Ocean. I think everyone's
familiar. They've got the buoy cams.
They've got uh the drones that are going
to be going up. So, we're going to be
cutting back to them live uh once they
get they've been doing some practice
stuff. Uh we've been able to shoot some
of this. There you can see Saren uh
getting those buoy boats. So, they're
basically out there. They're deploying
these boats in the splashdown zone. Uh
if you get a live view from one of these
boats, that tells you that we're pretty
much nailing our target on that. Uh and
then Saran and a couple of our other
recovery folks out there are going to be
flying drones. to hopefully get that
imagery of Starship coming back. It's
it's super critical for us to see just
how that heat shield performed after
re-entry. Uh and just having them out
there remote just in the middle of
nowhere uh plays just a really critical
role and just rapid iteration on
Starship and its heat shield. So, uh
looking forward to hopefully seeing some
views from them a little bit later. Uh
but for now, let's head back down to
Kate and Jake for the latest progress at
Cape Canaveral in Florida.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Dan. Uh now, if we want to get
to the moon and then Mars as fast as
possible, there's really only one
answer. Launch a lot more rockets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And to do that, we're going to
need a few more launch pads and support
buildings, which is exactly what we're
working on over in Florida. So,
originally built for Apollo and then the
space shuttle, launch complex 39A has
flown 126 Falcon missions since SpaceX
reactivated the pad in 2017.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's crazy that it's that many.
Uh, fun fact, I actually hosted the live
webcast for our very first launch at pad
39A, and it was so exciting to see that
come back to life. It's also exciting to
see how today, almost 10 years later,
the ongoing construction and development
that will bring a second launch tower to
launch complex 39A. You can see it
ongoing there on your screen. It's
designed to expand our capabilities to
support Starship launches in the future
while also continuing to support Falcon
Heavy missions from the original Apollo
shuttle Falcon launch tower.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're also building a Starship
launchpad at Slick 37. And to support
the uptick in future launches, there's
Gigabay, a giant assembly and
maintenance facility designed to prep
starships ahead of Florida launches. And
when complete, this huge structure aims
to hold 24 work cells in over 800,000
square feet of workspace. That's 24
rockets under one roof.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely crazy.
&gt;&gt; Could be so many.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So SpaceX's future in Florida is
quickly taping shape with our very first
launches on the horizon.
&gt;&gt; Yes. a horizon that aims for regular
trips to the moon. Now, staying with the
lunar conversation, we're going to head
back up to Dan, who has Starship vice
president of engineering, Bill Riley,
our favorite webcast visitor, to talk
about the moon.
&gt;&gt; That's right, Kate. Yeah, crashing the
webcast again. Bill Riley, VP of
Starship Engineering. Thanks for coming,
Bill. We just we wanted like a couple of
minutes to geek out about the moon.
Like, Artemis 2 just flew humans around
the moon for the first time in like 50
years. more than 50 years. I personally
was wildly caught up in it. I don't know
how you felt about the whole thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I found it really inspirational. I
think part of being a space fairing
civilization is being out there
exploring and I thought Armist 2 got us
back to the moon and back exploring and
being out farther than we had been
before.
&gt;&gt; It's always wild when you see space
stuff kind of break through into the
mainstream and like it felt like that
really did it. And I mean that's going
to continue happening. We're looking at
a higher cadence of missions in Aremis
and Starship's obviously going to play a
pretty big role in the entire Artemis
program. But like what's kind of next on
the horizon?
&gt;&gt; I think what's exciting about Artemis 3
is you'll see the landers introduced
now. So it you know maybe we're talking
to NASA about doing an Earth orbit
rendevous where the the Starship base
lander could be in proximity to Orion or
even more. I think that's really the
next step. prove out those landers close
to home in Earth orbit and then looking
ahead going to the moon
&gt;&gt; and we're debuting V3 now and just some
of the stuff that's now on this version
of Starship is going to directly enable
some of that or it's planned to.
Correct.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So V3 is exciting because
it really introduces a lot of it's
designed to introduce all these
fundamental foundational features that
allow us to go out past the Earth. So,
for example, there's many features, but
some that are visible are the docking
adapters below the Pezdor that you'll
notice on the the asbuilt uh ship. And
then as we look out past V3, there's
other configurations of Starship. There
is a tanker that takes the propellant to
to dock with the lander that will land
on the moon. And that think of the the
onorbit propellant transfer is sort of
like the gas station in the sky. And
then that gas station will be the what
we call the depot. And then the plan now
and the plan's been but it's really
emphasized now we're not just going for
flags and footprints. We're talking
permanent infrastructure on the moon.
Right.
&gt;&gt; That's right. We have to build up to
that capacity. So the first landers will
be you know a a new set of bootprints to
uh kind of start a new generation of
explorers. Then we'll build into cargo
landers like you see here. Maybe
bringing down a rover to the surface.
Some infrastructure might even be
staying inside the landers. And then as
we look to an even brighter future,
having a permanent presence in a in a
moon base.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm ready for the moon base. I
I need to go to the moon. That's that's
definitely in my It sounds like a hell
of a week long vacation or one heck of a
trip, but uh and I mean this is like
this is the next step on making life
multilanetary, right?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's literally the next
planetary body we need to get to. So,
&gt;&gt; all right. Well, thank you so much,
Bill. I'm going to let you jump back in
there as we get ready to launch this
rocket. Thanks for nerding out on the
moon with me for a couple of minutes.
Uh, but we're not done. We got a little
bit of more cool news. Stick around. Uh,
last year the two crew made history.
They were the first astronauts ever to
explore Earth's polar regions from space
and Dragon. I got to catch up with that
mission commander from that Chun Wang.
He was visiting one of the most remote
places on the planet and he had some
exciting news.
Awesome
to talk to you. Start me off. Where the
heck are you right now?
&gt;&gt; Thank you for joining me uh to uh F
Island and this uh uh isolated isolated
island in the fa Atlantic. Uh it's
arguably uh the most remote island in
the world.
&gt;&gt; It looks super isolated. You're only
there with a couple of people. Kind of
feels like a space mission to me. So,
let's just jump right in. You are going
to be on the first interplanetary
mission on a starship.
&gt;&gt; So, it's going to be a uh fly mission of
Mars. So, uh a lot of people talking
about uh how uh Mar uh uh we going to
fly to Mar, we're going to land on Mart,
we're going to do Mark. But, uh, let's
get it started with with a flyby
&gt;&gt; doing a flyby of ours. That's I mean,
that's a heck of a trip. But you're
you're kind of you're kind of built for
this kind of mission, right? Because if
you're not landing on the surface,
you're kind of you're spending a long
time going out there. You're going to
fly by it. It's going to be like just an
insane couple of hours and then it's a
big trip back home. How are you kind of
built to handle this kind of a journey?
This actually my cell of fire.
&gt;&gt; I can stare at uh the map view uh on
airplanes uh all the way uh from takeoff
to landing. So I think I'm enjoying the
trip.
&gt;&gt; So it's not just the Mars flight, you're
also going to be taking a trip around
the moon, right? So kind of do that step
before heading all the way out to Mars.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Even though it's it's a jet of
flyby, it's it will try a lot of things
never attempted before.
&gt;&gt; How do you kind of see these types of
missions in kind of the grand scheme of
everything?
&gt;&gt; It uh it will light the fire. It will
ignite the imagin imagination and it
will build the momentum.
uh after we uh come back from Mar you
have opportunity uh to take some real
photos of food at Marlo
become reality
&gt;&gt; well June thanks for calling in from you
know the other side of the planet super
cool location super cool to talk to you
and I mean exciting you're you're going
to get on Starship you're going to go
around the moon and then do the first
flyby of Mars It's insanely exciting
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Looking forward to that.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, fireworks indeed. Just
incredible to be one of the first humans
to become an interplanetary traveler
while also joining Starship's first
mission to fly past the moon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Chun is certainly a one-of-a-kind
explorer. And it's even more exciting to
know everyone can join a future Starship
mission. Yeah, if what you just heard
excites you, challenges you, inspires
you, we'd like to hear from you. Come
join our team. Be one of the people
walking past us out to the lawn to watch
the world's best rocket launch. Help
shape the literal future of humanity.
Now, we need the best and the brightest,
and we need you right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we have tons of openings all
across the company where we're looking
for talented engineers and technicians
at all of our sites, including McGregor,
Texas, where we test every single one of
these Raptor V3 engines behind us.
Bassrop, Texas, where we build and
assemble Starlink user terminals. Uh we
also need help up in Redmond,
Washington. That's Starlink's global
headquarters, where among other things,
we manufacture Starlink satellites. If
you like the fall weather, that might be
the place for you. Uh, and as you've
seen throughout today's show, there is a
tremendous amount of activity happening
right here at Starbase Texas here and
everywhere. It's all part of the
incredible opportunity that we have to
build the future of humanity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you're interested, visit
spacex.comcareers
to see these and all of our other
openings. Now, I can tell you that the
crowd is certainly starting to grow. Uh
behind us, you see the launchpad there
uh for yourself. Once again, this is the
first flight test of Starship version 3.
Uh this will be the first time that we
are debuting this booster, the ship, the
launchpad that you see there. And you
can see people walking over my shoulder
here as our colleagues are moving in
masses to go watch this liftoff in uh
just over seven and a half minutes from
now. It's uh it's pretty exciting stuff.
&gt;&gt; It's pretty exciting. And as a reminder,
we're only a mile and a half away here.
So, we are very close, about as close as
you can be. And we're definitely
expecting to feel it.
&gt;&gt; Sorry to interrupt you, Jake. Hi.
Do we have a mic?
&gt;&gt; Um, hello for those of you that might
not know.
&gt;&gt; Where are you guys?
&gt;&gt; Welcome Nikki. It's so nice to have you
here.
&gt;&gt; It's a pleasure to be here.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Um, what do you think the
Barbs are going to say when they see you
here at Starbase?
&gt;&gt; They better say all good things.
&gt;&gt; But they're going to be excited and
they're probably going to want to come
themselves next time. I mean, anybody
can come and watch the launches. It's
super accessible to the public, so we
welcome that.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Barbs, come on down because this
is a lot of fun. I'm excited. Is it
about to happen any minute?
&gt;&gt; So, you see that number right there in
the top left corner? 6 and 12 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Six minutes left. Oh my gosh. But this
is historic. This is a major moment,
y'all.
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; Is this your first rocket launch that
you've seen live?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Wow. How do you feel?
&gt;&gt; Very, very excited. I'm h like actually
I'm happy it's a good day. I thought it
might be like
&gt;&gt; I just noticed your shirt. You've got
the right swag.
&gt;&gt; I love this shirt.
&gt;&gt; It's It's a great shirt. I have one as
well.
&gt;&gt; And it's a great name. Starship.
&gt;&gt; I mean, how did you predict the future?
Starships are meant to fly.
&gt;&gt; I do not know. Um but major shout out to
Elon. Elon, thank you for everything
that you're doing for humanity.
&gt;&gt; He's the man for sure.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, thank you so much. We we want to
watch the launch with you, so we'll um
we'll take this back because this is too
loud to take outside.
&gt;&gt; Wow, what a moment. Um and with that,
great timing. We're now at 5 and a half
minutes. This brings us into terminal
count. Dan, man, the anticipation is
certainly growing here in the lobby and
out on the lawn. What is it like up
there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we are ready to go. Uh we are
getting into the final phase of our
propellant loading. We are
almost entirely full on ship on our
main. Still doing the header tanks and
we're looking well in excess of 90% on
the booster. So, we are looking good. Uh
still not tracking any range, any
weather issues today. Not tracking any
technical problems on the vehicle on the
launch pad. Looking good for liftoff in
just under 5 minutes. Once we're done
with propellant loading on the booster,
you have over 11 12 million pounds of
that liquid methane, liquid oxygen on
those two stages. After that, we have to
essentially get the pad ready for
launch. We'll do something called
pushbacks where all of those lines
running underground from the propellant
farm up to the vehicle. Uh they're going
to clear back. They're going to push all
that propellant back into kind of the
bunker area around the prop farm and
just basically get the pad ready. We'll
see the vehicles do their final thrust
vector control checkouts. So when we
snoop in, we should see the engines do
kind of final wiggle checks. Uh that's
how we steer the rocket. We're going to
do those to about tminus 100 seconds. So
a minute 40. And then once we pass the
t-minus 402 gate, if we do need to hold,
that is still built in at tminus 40
seconds. It's built into the countdown.
We can pause if we need anything like
those push backs to complete. Uh if we
need anything on the rocket to get
ready, we can hold there. We'll only
stop if we have an issue. Not currently
tracking one. We have one item that
might hold us up a little bit just based
off of what we've seen in recent static
fires. Uh, but that's typically only
been hanging out for a couple of extra
seconds.
And then once once we pass t-minus 40
seconds, a lot of things will happen in
rapid succession.
Yeah, that moment is called the QD or
quick disconnect vent gate. That's when
we clear all the gas commodity lines uh
that connect the pad to the vehicles.
Both the ship and the booster configure
their comm systems for flight and are
rapidly running leak checks on gas and
fluid tanks. The booster goes to
internal power and its engines get their
final priming for launch while the
ship's engines begin their ascent bleed
profile and arms the automatic flight
safety system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And once we pass t-minus 40
seconds, we still have the ability to
rapidly recycle the count under certain
conditions back to t-minus 40 seconds
and hold there to assess what happened,
review the data, and decide if we can
proceed again all the way down to t0. We
estimate we have around 5 minutes of
hold time there.
The flame diverter on pad 2 activates at
around tminus 17 seconds and it enters
what is essentially the point of no
return at tminus 10 seconds. And there's
a chance we could recycle, but the
closer we get to t minus 10, the lower
that chance becomes.
&gt;&gt; All right, we are coming up on two
minutes. We have completed propellant
loading on the booster. Just shut down
the fuel pump for loading onto the ship.
So, we're closing all of that out now.
Two minutes to go. One kind of exciting
aspect to V3, we're not going to start
the engines up in kind of different
sets. All 33 of those Raptors going to
turn on all at once. You're going to see
the booster move off the pad a whole lot
quicker.
Once again, if you've just joined us,
this is the first flight for version
three of Starship. the ship, which is
the upper part, the the black part there
at the top, the booster, which is the
part below that, have been completely
redesigned, as well as the launch pad
that you see it sitting at, as well as
the engines that power both the ship and
the booster. Today's test flight is a
massive step forward in our
developmental program.
&gt;&gt; All right, and we're coming up here on
Tminus one minute. So, let's go to the
pad and let the rocket do the talking as
V3 fully comes alive.
T-minus 1 minute
All right. So, we did hit the hold at T
minus 40. Again, this is something that
is built into the timeline. Not
surprising as we are doing this this
first flight off of pad 2.
Sounds like we might already be clear.
We held for a second just to make sure
that the quick disconnect vents were
basically ready for their final
throwbacks.
So, we'll hang tight for a couple of
seconds.
I think we're about to reset. And the
reset is in.
&gt;&gt; Counting down. First flight of Starship
V3.
Psych back to rapid recycle.
All right. So, hold here for a second.
Looks like we're still managing some
pressures in the
ship. Quick disconnect.
All right. Still going to hang out for a
couple of seconds here at T minus 40.
Again, not not surprising. This is new
vehicle, new pad, doing all these things
for the very first time.
Right now, we are holding looking at
some pressures in the quick disconnect
and hold reset and we're rolling.
Flight directors go up to launcher
back to rap cycle. So, we're going to
hold at T-minus 40 again.
Hang tight for a second. We'll see what
trip this last one.
As a reminder, we can hang out for quite
a few minutes at Tminus 40 if we need
the extra time.
You're not actively loading propellant
onto the vehicle anymore. So, the main
thing you're kind of keeping an eye on
is all of the temperatures inside those
propellant tanks.
All right, we're continuing to hang out
here at Tminus 40.
and taking a look right now at our
diverter. So that that water diverter
underneath the system did trip a hold,
but that basically just gives the team a
the a chance to look at it, see if it's
something that we need to troubleshoot
in data or if it's something that we can
clear this hold.
So continuing to hang tight. T-minus 40
seconds. Starship and Super Heavy
fully loaded on the pad.
Rock is rolling.
230 flight directors. Go for launch.
And we kick back to rapid recycle again.
Again,
just a reminder, set up before, new pad,
new rocket, learning new things about
this hardware performing in the flight
environment.
Taking a look at some of the sensors on
the
arm that manages the quick disconnect to
the ship.
I promise we're not just trying to
prolong the anticipation. Teams taking a
look.
We've got a couple more minutes where we
can hang out here. Again, it's not an
unlimited time to to pause at T-minus
40. who are keeping an eye on the
propellant temperatures inside the
vehicles. So, we've got probably about 3
minutes or so left of hold time.
Team's taking a look at the hold that
tripped on that that arm for the quick
disconnect on the tower.
Continuing
to hold. Got a couple minutes to try and
clear this issue.
Still holding tminus 40. Still
troubleshooting this issue.
Probably got about a minute or a minute
and a half left of hold time.
flight control team confirmed. Still
working through the issue.
Still have a short amount of hold time
still remaining.
still holding tminus 40.
All right, still still continuing to
hold here at T minus 40.
While we do that, the team's looking at
again looking at temperatures of the
propellant inside those tanks. We kind
of check that against simulations that
we've run in the past. There's some
margin in those. We're still holding. No
decision yet.
Sounding like we have the fix in place.
Hold reset. Clock is rolling.
We're back into rapid recycle.
All right, we're back at our Tminus 40
hold.
Saying by to see what tripped us this
time.
All right, it is sounding like we are
not going to be able to clear this issue
in time today. So, we are going to be
standing down from a launch.
So, if you're if you're just now joining
us, we got the vehicle totally loaded.
We hit a couple of different holds as we
work through that count. Again, new
rocket, new pad. We're learning about a
a lot about these systems as we execute
them for the first time. And we were not
able to basically troubleshoot all of
these issues in those final seconds to
get to launch. But that essentially
makes this a wet dress rehearsal. We
were able to fully load the vehicles and
we're going to take the time now, figure
out what tripped us up before launch and
then actually get into a flight
tomorrow. We do have the ability to
essentially rapidly recycle. We are
expecting to be able to make another
flight attempt tomorrow, but obviously
stay tuned to our social media uh at
SpaceX
and our website spacex.com for updates.
So, no flight today. We will give it
another try tomorrow.
Well, that falls into the well drat
category. I do want to thank you guys
for hanging out. Uh, this was fun. Um, I
guess I'll do this again tomorrow. If
you guys would like to come back, join
me. I'll have fresh jokes, I imagine.
Close this out.
Yeah, that was fun. Thank you. Uh, I now
have time to eat before I head to
rehearsal. Uh, July 10th through 26th
7th is when the play is happening.
You'll have to join me for that. Did I
close it? Why would I have closed it?
Must have hidden it. Anyway,
what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? I missed the launch. We
all missed the launch. We misunderstood
that it wasn't happening today. Uh, a
lot of fun though. And uh we'll do this
again tomorrow, I guess. Yeah. Uh see
you then. Thanks, guys.