Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon vs OpenAI Is Getting Serious! Here’s Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQewGCVnrmw
Published:   2026-04-28 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The battle for AI supremacy is heating
up. This week, Elon Musk and Sam Alman
face off in a trial that can determine
the future of Open AI. Elon co-founded
OpenAI with Sam more than a decade ago,
but since then, Elon alleges Sam and
other leaders of OpenAI enriched
themselves by converting from a
nonprofit to a for-profit company. If
Elon wins the case, OpenAI might be
forced to return to a nonprofit entity.
Meanwhile, SpaceX move to make a deal
with Cursor might put Nvidia in an
awkward spot. Cursor, an AI coding tool,
struck a deal with SpaceX last week.
SpaceX has the rights to buy Cursor for
$60 billion later this year, or if they
don't, they pay Cursor $10 billion. But
Nvidia's developers are heavy users of
Cursor as it allows them to switch AI
models easily. In some ways, Elon is
behind in AI, but is now making moves to
catch up. And in other ways, Elon is
well ahead. Tesla's moving fast now to
convert their Fremont factory to
production of Optimus, but work is also
progressing now on the Giga Texas 10
million per year production facility.
Got Jeff Lutz here with us today. Jeff
is a multi-deade supply chain executive
and chief quality officer. He's now CEO
of his own high-tech manufacturing
consulting firm. Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Arbert. Yeah, these are some of the
complex things that happen in business.
We we'll talk through it and show what
it means for uh for Tesla and and for
for AI.
&gt;&gt; It's a big one. This is it. I mean, it's
the battle for AI. Who's going to be the
leader? Uh there's OpenAI, Anthropic,
Meta, Google, Microsoft, all those guys,
the Mag 7s are all fighting for it.
They're all buying as much data centers
as they can. And of course there's
Nvidia who's right in the center of
everything. So these moves by Elon, he
needs to catch up. And one of the ways
he's trying to catch up, we'll talk
about in coding is buying Cursor or he
hasn't bought it yet, but he has the
rights to buy it. We'll talk about that.
But what happened this week is his
lawsuit with Sam Alman that has kicked
off. So this is um starting to I think
jury no actually maybe they don't need
juries anymore, but let's let's walk us
through it. Um determine the future of
Open EI. He also just a few days ago
dropped the fraud claims against OpenAI
and co-founders Sam Alman and Greg
Brockman to narrow the lawsuit scope
ahead of trial and the judge agreed to
it right away. And according to Grock,
the fraud claims were dropped at Elon's
request to streamline the case. And what
I understand it is that is that if you
don't have the fraud ca uh fraud claims
anymore, then this is just decided by
the by the judge. Judge Ivonne Gonzalez
Rogers will handle remedies if Musk
prevails. Jury weighs the facts. Not
quite the judge only shift some
spinning, which is what I was just
saying. It's a narrow but very real
fight over nonprofit roots routes roots.
The trial kicked off today with jury
selection in Oakland and he dropped the
fraud claims but seeks $130 billion
first. That's the remedy alleging Openi
breached its nonprofit which he would by
the way give back to the nonprofit
OpenI's nonprofit which is hilarious. He
would win 130 and he's already cla he's
already committed that he would give it
back to OpenAI's nonprofit but OpenI
would have to become a nonprofit again.
That's possible. What's going on? This
is just a a a fight for the origin of
the company and Elon's original
investment, his original time, his
original network too that helped create
remember when Elon starts these things
up. If you remember XAI and the kind of
people he was able to recruit, he named
them all like 20 co-founders. And that's
one of Elon's skills that he's acquired
over the last, you know, almost three
decades here is building these very
strong teams. And what's it's it's it's
in the last 10 years it's been at
running at peak meaning any anything
that he starts up that he puts capital
into that he gets other investors to
pile into the employees of that
especially the original employees of
that are going to do really well which
means he's going to attract the best
talent and he is attracting the best
talent. Tesla and SpaceX are perennially
the number one and two places uh for
college graduates to go to uh especially
in engineering. So he's attracting the
best engineering talent. We talked about
yes just yesterday of of how special
Tesla AI is and how how it's so unique
and doesn't really doesn't exist in
other OEMs b building physical real
world AI products. So this is a battle
for Elon creating that helping create
and attract that initial talent. Think
of Ilas Discover. Think of that bringing
that whole team together at OpenAI and
all the talent. So that's one piece of
it. Then his money went into a
nonprofit. Elon's original dollars went
into a nonprofit and his original time
in the whole concept of of the company.
So the open AI team under SAM decided to
change that and to change that route and
that's what's going to be debated in
court and and really what the the
changes that Elon has made is again
dropping the fraud charges and then also
just saying like look this isn't a$130
billion money grab for me if you look at
the richest people in the world charting
it's Elon's out at 800 billion this is
pre 800 plus billion this is prespace
IPO and the next best person is like in
the 200s or something this isn't Elon
trying to get another hundred. He said,
"I'll just I'll just dump it right back
into charity and right back into the
open um the open source project."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I you know, I don't a lot
of people will say that they'll position
this as, "Oh, Tesla and Elon and SpaceX
and XAI, they're so far behind. Elon
needs to sue them." That's not what's
happened here. Elon founded OpenAI. And
uh you know there's that famous photo of
Nvidia Jensen Huang giving him the very
first uh what was it called? DGX I can't
remember but the very first GPU for
specifically for AI. He put together
this team together. It was for nonprofit
purposes because he was worried that if
one company at the time it still is the
leader today, Google de mind is is
controlling AI and they were the only
company doing AI that it would be uh
detrimental to the world if only one
company had that superpower. He wanted
to be open AI means give all the AI
knowledge as you know far and wide to as
many players as possible. Anybody is
open source and everybody can use it and
build off of it. And that's what he did
and it worked out well. But then these
guys turned into a nonprofit. So he just
want to go back. He gave 150 million I
think it was to start off the company to
a nonprofit. So they're headed to trial
and um that could determine the future
of OpenAI. So it' be interesting to see
that it's it's finally here because I
I'm just shocked that anybody would
continue to invest in Open AI when this
is happening. Uh in fact today the news
is that Microsoft pulled off and of
course Open EI such what an organization
they're willing to first partner with
Microsoft get their money and then go
back around them and then say that it's
not uh it's not only them that they'll
partner with anybody. So this is uh
what's going to happen. What do you
think is going to happen? I mean the
Elon is asking the court to remove
Altman and Open EI president for their
leaders of position. Is that a
possibility? Wow. And then uh and then
of course the biggest thread is
switching it to nonprofit research.
&gt;&gt; I mean from a media perspective the
default is Elon is going to be attacked
and I mean you're already seeing it you
know the the world's richest person you
know seeks another 13. You know that's
already happening even though he said
the money's not going to him. A dollar
is not going to him. But guess what? Sam
Alman isn't necessarily well-loved by
the media. There's a massive there's a
couple of big hit pieces that are out on
him. So, I think this trial is going to
drag a little bit of them both of them
through the mud. I don't think I think
Elon has been more of an open book. He's
been dragged left and right, especially
during this whole uh political period
over the last couple of years. So,
everything's kind of out there for them,
for him. But I think it's going to be a
little bit of messy. But I think
hopefully they get through it quickly
and they get it resolved and they get it
put behind them. But I don't think this
is a big distraction for Elon. He is
focused on getting autonomy at scale and
getting humanoid bots to scale and of
course getting the Starship program to
scale. I think those are his, you know,
one, two, and three, uh, items along
with obviously XAI and getting Gro 5 and
getting to um, getting to ASI. So, talk
about a talk about a plate like that's
on your plate this year. Um, so I think
that's where his areas of focus are. But
he he wants to address he's one of those
people that when something isn't right
and something as significant as this, he
wants to make sure that it is addressed
and work through the court system and
properly adjudicated. So let's see if
there's a fair trial. This is in
California. It's going to be a jury of
their peers in California and let's see
if they can get uh a fair trial.
&gt;&gt; So that's happening this week. Uh the
other thing is um last week Tes sorry
SpaceX who owns XAI they put a bid for
Cursor which is an AI startup and uh in
this article saying that it's going to
put Nvidia in an awkward spot because of
that. So what what happened was um
SpaceX struck a deal for the right to
acquire Cursor for $60 billion later
this year. That's a lot of money. Now
SpaceX goes IPO. Maybe they'll get some
money. But imagine a lot of that SpaceX
needs to go to buy this cursor 60
billion. Let's say they raise 75
billion. That's a lot of it. Or if they
don't buy them, they pay them $10
billion to keep working together. So
what cursor is, it's a it's an AI
platform that is actually many
engineers, especially in Nvidia, love it
because it allows them to switch between
the models. they can switch whichever is
best at the time open GPT anthropic
cloud any model that they want make it
easier for them to do the task that they
want to do so this article is saying
that uh so the reason Tesla XAI needed
to do this is they're very clearly
behind anthropics cla
4.6 six was the best for so long. Now
4.7 rolled out and then GPT was not
doing so well which is OpenAI's version.
Uh but their codeex was wellreceived.
Now the new version is apparently better
in many ways. So they keep leaprogging
each other. Codeex versus OpenAI's
clawed code and so they're going back.
But OpenAI or sorry uh XAI is nowhere
behind. Now XAI is going to launch their
computer. call that their computer that
should come out soon but it's probably
not going to be as good as the other two
but if they now have a partnership with
cursor that can help them uh leaprog
plus the reason why cursor decided to do
this is because they are excited about
the largest supercomputers in the world
so one of the issues that openai has
well actually anthropic has is that
they're using asich which is not even
the h100s they did not reserve erve
enough H100's Nvidia's supercomputers.
So they they look like they're further
ahead today, but they may not be ahead.
But if if it turns out that larger
supercomputers really does develop
better AIs and then but OpenAI has
reserved quite a bit, but then of course
here comes XAI with the largest super
coherent supercomputers. Then you add
cursor on top of it that might give them
the chance to catch up. Uh what's your
thinking about all this? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. This is a a complimentary
potential acquisition. Enthropic and
OpenAI are ahead of XAI when it comes to
coding and when it comes to Agentic
solutions. Think of OpenAI acquiring the
Open Claw team and think of a lot of
that coming out of Enthropic and what
they're doing with coding, what they're
doing with agentic workflows and this is
nowhere to be found on XAI at scale. So
bringing the Cursor team over gives them
gives them coding and gives them a AI
and it gives them a leading solution.
And what cursor gets is they get access
to this massive coherent Colossus uh and
Colossus 2 uh data center which is what
open AI and Enthropic like you said are
actually constrained on. So this would
give cursor give the ability for cursor
to do more and this would give obviously
a huge bump for XAI. So this is a big
deal. This really helps Elon and his
effort get back into contention. But now
he's got to pull all this together. You
don't just acquire companies and they
immediately start jelling. He's got to
be able to pull all this together and
and really get it moving. Look at, you
know, Meta acquiring Scale AI, acquire
their CEO and all the key assets spent
many, many billions and they're they're
still struggling a bit. So it this is a
big piece, but now Elon's going to be
able to pull it all together. But again,
this solution, why is this we're talking
about this? Whatever they decide to
build, whether it's agents or whatever,
you're going to have access to it from
your Optimus robot. You're going to have
access to it in your Tesla vehicle. And
you could and potentially they could be
using your Tesla vehicle or your Optimus
bot for for offboard inference work. Uh
where your your Tesla or your Optimus
bot potentially could be helping. Um and
who so who knows? I mean, this could go
a number of different places, but if XAI
gets better, Tesla, Optimus, and and
Tesla vehicles are using XAI solutions.
So Elon, everybody thinks if you're like
if you're involved in Tesla, like what
does this mean to me? Well, this means
you're going to get a better, more
capable solution uh for for Tesla. So
there's there's there's a lot of good
behind this, a lot of work.
&gt;&gt; When I Yeah. when I when I asked Larry
Goldberg about this question like you
know right now anthropic is ahead and
open's codeex is ahead and what scares a
lot of people including me is that they
are now their coding solution their AI
coding is recursive which means that
they're able to use when you're ahead
and you've got your you have an largest
coding AI it can code features for their
coding AI and then it can just keeps
getting better and better faster faster
and other players who are behind won't
be able to catch up. That's scary
because that means these two are in kind
of exponential growth and you can see
it. You can see every single day is
releasing a feature every day. And how
do they do that? Well, because they're
using AI to build it, but Larry says,
well, this is just early innings, early
innings, and the larger the
supercomputer, the better the outcome.
That's Elon strategy. That's typical,
isn't it, of Elon where it looks like
Elon's nothing doing nothing. Everybody
comes out with their demos. They come
out with their, you know, B bots that
are dancing and they show, look, we can
do this and everybody says you're so
behind or Whimo has 3,000 fs um cars out
there in robo taxi, but where's Tesla?
Because Tesla builds and Elon builds
everything based on I want scale. In
order to get scale, I need to build the
largest supercomputers in the world.
Once I have that, my coding AI, it's
behind, but it will leap frog. Do you uh
believe that that's where we're at as
well?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I just think we're in
different stages right now where with
their engineering assets, and remember,
these companies have been at it a lot
longer than XAI. So, they had this
inherent lead. They've been building
these platforms and systems uh up to
this point where this XAI team just got
together a few years ago and they've
done a lot. They just they've been
focused on the generic chatbot and the
answers and and of course this
multimedia gromag Imagine that's where
they've had their focus. That's where
their GPUs have been pointed towards and
now they're acquiring or having the the
option to acquire cursor for this coding
and agentic portion of it. But all along
running along the back of this is this
massive infrastructure buildout faster
than anybody, larger, more coherent than
anybody. And of course they have the the
power solution with mega packs. Um so
Elon once again he's playing the long
game. He's vertically integrating. He's
pulling all these assets together. And
this he knows this race is not one and
done or one in 2025 or one in 2026.
There's a a longer term aspect to this.
So and it could move very quickly. the
these perceptions these things could
move very quickly. Look how quickly uh
Claude moved up in the app store and in
past ch you know these things could move
very quickly again as soon as the word
gets out that Grock is you know if it's
Grock 5.0 or whatever it's called is is
has all this unbelievable capability.
Um the word will get out quickly and
these things will move and shift
quickly. But again, more important for
Tesla is you're getting a more and more
capable vehicle robo taxi, you know,
FSD, robo taxi, and and Optimus
experience.
&gt;&gt; And and Elon is spending so much time,
you mentioned it, on vision and uh and
language. They're now the best in
language translation and instant, you
know, how fast it does and voice uh
overlaying voice. And he spent so much
time creating videos of humans or
whatever AI images, but being able to do
videos 30 seconds longer now, but being
physically accurate. And that applies to
talking to your bots, whether it's the
car or the Optimus. But it also, he
believes, is actually the the critical
ingredient to getting to AI that the
others don't. It's interesting the
different strategies that all these
players are taking and but uh looks like
that I I still obviously trust that
Elon's concept and his he seems to have
a different view and he seems to be
correct. So this argument by this
article, I don't really buy into it, but
basically it's saying that Nvidia is in
a pickle or they're kind of put in an
awkward position because they're not
just a you a cursor user, they're an
investor, but yeah, but they're investor
in everything that he invests in
everything that's out there because he
doesn't want to he wants to play the
neutral party. Um, but he's saying that
the it's a platform of choice for many
of Nvidia's engineers because they've
adopted it across teams and workflows.
uh few companies have done more to
validate both the product and the
category. They're deeply embedded with
cursor. They use cursor to switch
between models open GPT anthropies cloud
and others and uh they they think it's
got flexibility and interface. Now he
goes the article goes now imagine that
tools owned by Elon even if nothing
changes at the product level the optics
matter. Companies may hesitate to build
critical workflows and software
controlled by a direct competitor
especially one as aggressive as Elon. I
don't I mean sure then maybe Nvidia will
switch to another system. That's it's
not a big deal to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean well we're in unchartered
territory in in a number in a number of
ways but I think Elon and Jensen will
figure a way to work it out and work
through these kind of things. And I
don't think you have the presidential
the current administration that's
interested in necessarily creating an
issue between Elon and Jensen. They'll
just tell them the two to go work it
out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're and they're friends um
and they enemy friend enemies and and
they'll work it out.
&gt;&gt; Not even I think there's a lot of mutual
respect
&gt;&gt; between those two.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I mean they've been together.
So apparently in the last week Sam Alman
of OpenAI posted an email exchange with
Jensen Wong about Codeex. So he
basically it's their version of cursor
and they're saying hey roll that out in
your cross Nvidia instead and then and
Hang said and Jensen said yep fire up
those black wells telling his uh team to
go ahead and use that too. So there's
lots of options I'm not worried about
it. Yeah doesn't mean if it isn't
banning cursor far from it. There you
go. All right. So I think that's just a
bit of a article written. So, you know,
the conversation we're having is whether
or not Tesla's AI team is behind, and I
think it's clear that XAI is behind.
They themselves have said it. Elon has
said it. But what matters is
infrastructure build data centers and
where it's going to go in the future,
right? securing chips, securing energy
and securing space and literally space
to to build a data center because have
you heard the stat now like 50% I can't
remember what is the exact number of all
AI data center projects have been
stalled or abandoned because
&gt;&gt; of legalities or regulatory push back
&gt;&gt; on earth
&gt;&gt; this is this is now we'll be doing a
show not not necessarily on politics but
just how the world is
treating AI and we're at a very
dangerous point here in the US where it
is now potentially growing into a
political platform to be anti- AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's a very dangerous thing for
our country. It doesn't mean you can't
have you can't have smart regulations
that allow for speed but have put that
put guard rails. But you have people
calling for all out delays and
moratoriums and even at one point we
have to be very clear and transparent.
Elon even called even talked about
having a delay or moratorum but that was
a long time ago. Um, but I think he
realized since then that you do that
then China just you just get run over
and if you whoever wins AI is going to
win in a number of different areas
whether it's on the battlefield
militarily whether it's economics and
GDP of a country whether it's
manufacturing you have to win in AI so
to these local that are that are pushing
basically what they're doing is they're
pushing all the data centers into the
middle of the country that's essentially
what's what's happening that's not a
good thing. You still want them
regionally
dispersed. So I hope
um we come to our senses on this but
it's it is turning into a bit of a
political platform and some of these AI
CEOs are the problem and including some
of the things that even Elon has said I
these hyperbolic statements of all the
jobs are going away everything's going
to go it's not helpful unless and Elon
is starting to do this now where he's
pairing that conversation with, for
example, at Tesla, we're hiring. Like,
we're growing in the in the face of
adding more AI everywhere in everything
that we do, including our product lines.
We're hiring more people because we have
to produce more things and more
products. So, I hope the AI CEOs can
pull this together. I think there is an
AI company
that it's literally their marketing tool
to scare people and
and there and I don't call it free
marketing but they're getting just I
mean every breaking news story I see on
CNBC now is you know Anthropics released
a new model anthropics somebody leaked
and something happened with myth like I
think people just need to calm down if
anything redirect that energy towards
the federal government and some set of
smart regulatory framework that we need
to have in place about your AI, what
your AI does, how your AI uh is is um
like its core fundamental guiding
principles that the things that it
should and should not do. These are the
things I think we should be focused on
and and then letting our innovators go,
letting our builders build. Otherwise,
we're going to be I'll get off my soap
box. Otherwise, I think we could be in a
a real problem.
&gt;&gt; No, don't get off your soap box. This is
the most important topic to be
discussing today and so critical to
everything, all of life on earth, all
society on earth. Uh exactly what you
just said. It's so critical. So, we need
&gt;&gt; has good intentions too. Like I think
these people that are concerned and
wanting to slow down or concerned or
wanting to put a moratorum, they have
genu genuine concerns about people's
safety or their welfare or their jobs.
It's more of like how do you attack the
problem and how do you articulate the
solution and how do we compete on a
global scale. It's not necessarily one
side is evil or dumb. It's more of like
we we have to win here. uh you know and
and what we did over the last several
decades whether it's military or whether
it's tech and the inventions we had in
this country with semiconductor and
compute and and software we we have to
maintain that edge or we're going to
have bigger problems
&gt;&gt; okay so far it looks like that uh Elon
company SpaceXi and Tesla are mo moving
forward in the big things that matter
right so I just mentioned the largest
data data centers on Earth, largest data
centers eventually in space, then you
can then you can uh bypass all the the
issues that people have where they don't
want you to build it on their, you know,
not not in my backyard kind of scenario
and uh and all the potential issues of,
you know, uh energy and taking away the
the grid that you need for New York
City, but instead go to space and get
that free energy from the sun. But the
other thing is we're watching the race
for humanoid robots and Chinese robot
companies are out there showing lots of
sales.
Uh
tens of thousands of robots being sold
now and everybody thinks that Tesla is
far behind again. But again, what they
do is they build things at scale. So we
already know that in Fremont factory
they're already building the they're
switching the lines into a 1 million per
unit. But I just wanted to show Joe
Techmeer's most recent photos of the
land near Giga Texas. This is going to
be for Optimus 10 million per year
production facility uh that they talked
about. So it is here. So you can see
that this is where they're at. I mean
they've identified the land. They've
they've actually started to set the
stage. It'll probably take several years
for this, but this is a factory that's
going to be producing 10 million per
year.
&gt;&gt; I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; You think it'll sooner? What's your
thinking?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think they'll have it framed,
you know, by the end of the year
&gt;&gt; and I think they I think the factory
will be ready next year.
&gt;&gt; And so that's the goal, right? So that
you have a 1 million per year
uh Fremont factory producing humanoid
robots and then at some point 10 million
per year run rate. This is the run rate
that they're trying to build.
&gt;&gt; This factory won't start with, you know,
when the doors open. Oh, it's 10 million
the first year. It will take a couple of
years to ramp up to it. But I think they
want this factory producing,
you know, in a year or two, not many
years. So, we'll see what happens, you
know, and then getting Fremont to a
million is going to take a period of
time. I think this year is the year
hopefully that we build thousands. And
whether it's this low capacity line in
Fremont, or whether it's the full,
that's my self-dubb thing. That's not a
Tesla thing, by the way. Or is it the
full million line getting spun up and
getting started, which I think both
could actually happen this year, but
that line won't get to that run rate for
probably a year. So, we'll we'll have to
see what happens. A lot has to depend on
how well this V3 turns out. They're
seeing their first parts. They're
building their first, you know, units
and they have them. Tesla has V3 units.
You know, they're doing engineering work
on them. They're just not showing them
to the public. So, a lot will depend on
that. But I think this 10 million unit
facility is framed and is the structure
is at least built. The capex won't be in
that that will take a period of time,
but the factory will be built. And I
think that factory will be producing. I
would love to see that factory producing
its first bot by the end of next year.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, you've had lots of experience of
um creating new products that's going to
be shown at global scale, demoing it,
and then putting into production. So,
this decision that Tesla made, Elon made
where he said, "We're no longer going to
show you the version three now. It's not
ready." Number one, he was clear about
that. too uh probably in August and good
thing is going to be closer to
production anyways which we know that
the competitors they basically do frame
by frame and they copy us and so the
later but having said that that makes
sense don't show it until you you know
how many times you and I have had this
discussion and I've always said I don't
want you to show the demo just I don't
care just production matter that's what
matters but my point was that okay it
sounds great that they delayed this
right just before production is what he
said which means that the production is
not delayed at all. It's it was just
whether I want to show you the demo. But
then why did he say that we want to show
you the demo? First it was December,
then it became April, then now it's
June. Why did they even do that in the
first place? What's the point?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think he's been backing off of
that over the last year. You know, we've
actually brought it up on this show like
why do you why does Tesla keep showing
all these things and then not produce
them for a number of years, right? and
then people go produce their copycat
product and he knows how quick China
moves. So I understand this decision.
The the July August start of production
date for Optimus was a bit of a surprise
to me. Originally, I thought it would be
by year end, and then I I kind of felt
like, well, maybe he's trying to pull it
into September, October, but now it
sounds like, and that's maybe where it
will land to be honest with you, but he
clearly said July, August, July is 90
days away. Uh I don't people realize
we're we're we're getting very close to
um you know, 100 days or whatever. We're
we're getting very close to that. And um
but anyway, I I think that decision I
think that this that alignment on that
decision to not show it has grown over
time. I also think though that the V
when you bring in a new set of hardware,
new mechanics, maybe new motors, there's
a lot of tuning for the team to do. So
my guess is while V3 will be a more
capable, a better bot, easier to
manufacture,
getting it back to where V2.5 was in
capability is going to take them a
period of time.
&gt;&gt; But once it's done, it's done.
So they didn't want to show a less
capable demo. They know V3 is a more
capable bot. So they want V3 to catch
back up to 2.5. They have to do a lot of
tuning to do that. And then they want it
to surpass it. and then they'll show it.
And then that should be right around the
point of production. And then once you
do that and once you're in production,
you know, you're still at risk for being
copied. Um, but at least you're going to
get your product out there. So, but I
think it's actually more of V3
um not being as needing the time to tune
it up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What what I ask is that tell me
other humanoid robot companies that have
factories being built at this scale, 1
million per year and a 10 million per
year. Like where's the land? Where are
they building the factory? We know China
can put up a factory in months. So they
can definitely catch up. I'm not saying
that they can't, but it's just that, you
know, that's what you're looking for is
that's the signal, not whether or not
you've seen that they can do back flips,
you know, those kind of things. It's
Well, the answer is is you won't see
those factories in in the United States
or Europe um yet. And I think while
while the money is flowing into humanoid
robots and it's it's getting no problem
attracting investor capital and I know
there's other companies that have said
they've built they're building their
production facility and that's fine but
I don't think you've heard of another
company commit to the 1 million and the
10 million uh buildouts and whatever
that commitment means that commitment
means. You can take it for what it's
worth. But none of those companies
actually have the proven ability to
build volume at this kind of at that
kind of scale from recent products. So
we'll see. I think everybody just gives
China a pass of like, oh, they're ahead.
Oh, they're going to be building, you
know, there's going to be tens of thou
and you have to get down to the core of
are these things doing useful? Are these
things doing useful tasks? Do they have
the right uptime? Do they have the right
reliability and quality? You just saw
what Tesla did in earnings. They had a
230 million takedown or true down they
called it for warranty. Meaning their
cars fail at a lower rate than they
thought they would and they cost less to
repair. And those are the kind of
products that Tesla wants to build. You
Teslas do have issues. They have
problems. There's no question about it.
But in aggregate, if you look at the
recall statistics, if you look at the
kind of products they build over time,
they're the most reliable, lowest cost
to build, lowest cost to own products in
their category. And I think that's what
Elon and Tesla want to build with with
Optimus. They want a truly capable, but
they want something that's reliable. Um,
so where others may be racing the market
a bit, we'll we'll see. We're
speculating. We'll see what happens. I
think this is a very important time. In
this next calendar year,
we can have a lot more delays.
Otherwise, other people will be putting
product out and Tesla will be materially
behind. But right now, we're just in the
demo phase and nobody's really done
anything material in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; The factories are product Tesla has that
experience and hopefully that's what
shows up. Okay. Thank you so much,
Jeeoff. Appreciate you. Follow him on
his ex account at the Jeffoff Lots.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herdomm.com.