Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The SpaceX IPO Opportunity Explained
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fznZLU9GnU
Published:   2026-06-09 00:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-10 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, welcome everybody. Thank you for
joining us today. So, we have Alexandra
Mertz here today, also known as Tesla
Boomer Mama. And today is going to be a
really special show. I think uh she's
going to share with you the most
definitive guide to the SpaceX IPO. And
uh we're going to share with you a
couple of really important slides. I
want to just give you a teaser right
now. So, first of all, Alexander did a
lot of work and she put together the
step-by-step process of what to expect
uh if there is an announcement of a
merger and then she also will lay out
for you uh step by step as well what
will happen on the day of the IPO when
the NASDAQ inclusion occurs and when the
unlock is for shareholders to sell. So,
thank you so much for putting all that
work together, Alexandra. And I know
that IPO is already in Friday, so a lot
of people have been asking for this. Uh,
tell us what are you going to share with
us today?
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. Thanks for having me. Um,
so it all started, I mean, obviously for
weeks and months now, we've been going
on about this idea of a merger. I am a
firm believer of this merger and I want
to also say that nothing of what follows
is financial advice but me personally I
bought quite some calls for August this
year because I firmly believe in this. I
am not participating
&gt;&gt; for Tesla
&gt;&gt; for Tesla. Exactly. I'm not
participating in the SpaceX IPO because
I do believe in my scenario that
sometimes in July or maybe early August
there will be the announcement of the
merger. Now the timing of the SpaceX IPO
actually gives me lots of comfort for
this and that's why I wanted to have
this show and and we discussed before
you know what I think we should talk
about and why this is important for
those that invest in SpaceX and for
those that stay in Tesla and for those
that do both because I think there are
many crucial dates you should be aware
of because the SpaceX stock price can go
all over the place. Nobody knows not
even Elon. So, let's go slide by slide.
Which one you want to start with,
Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; this looks like the most important one.
So, first of all, thank you to Aurelius,
right? He's the one that put this
together.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. So, Aurelius read my
article on the SpaceX IPO details. It is
pinned on my X profile. You can go there
and then you will see actually below it
his comment saying, "I took all your
numbers and fed them in Grock." And then
Grock
gave me this chart. And this chart is
highly interesting. And you may have to
do it a little bit bigger so that people
see it, but um and maybe they don't need
to see us anymore. I don't know. Go a
little bit further to the left.
&gt;&gt; So [clears throat]
um and move further to the left if you
can. I don't have the hand on that.
Okay. So it starts all this Friday with
the IPO. This is this brown spot with
the IPO at 135.
This brown
&gt;&gt; square that's on its head. Exactly. And
then you have the blue line which is
that none of the early investors can
sell yet. And as you can see, that goes
on until the Q2 earnings call where they
have their first allotment of a possible
major unlock up to 30%. So that's the
blue line. I'll get to in in in details
on what happens with that a little bit
later. The green line below is the need
of index funds to purchase
SpaceX stock. And so that is relative to
the float. What they're throwing into
the market is a first delusion of 555
billion shares, 4.3% of the market cap
on paper. That market cap is going to
move. You're going to see, but that's
how it starts off with. So we have 555.
That's the 0.5 on the on the left axis.
And you have in the green axis what is
going on on the green line sorry what is
going to happen on the index funds. Now
lots of numbers uh around on CNBS and
other channels about the index funds
don't understand that these index funds
have to purchase float adjusted and
since this float is only 4.3% they are
not going to purchase as much as these
people anticipate. They're going to
purchase a lot. Don't don't be
disappointed. But it's not those crazy
numbers. I think it's going to be
somewhere between 8 and 18 billion,
probably more around the 15 billion. And
it comes in two waves. One on dating on
trading day five. So we're starting on
the 12th, but June 19th
is actually Juneenth day. So it's
closed. So the next Friday is closed. So
there's a big question mark whether
these first Vanguard CRSP and Footsie
FTSC Russell will purchase on the
Thursday 18th or on the Monday 21st. So
that one I don't have a definite answer
yet but anyway that is that first uptick
in the green line and then you have 10
days later and that falls on the weekend
of the 4th of July. So it's going to be
after that weekend. So on the 7th of
July the NASDAQ 100
part of the inclusion. Okay. During all
this time as you can see the blue line
from the early investors is still still
not moving yet. So you have this red
line which is Grock interpreting what
will actually happen to the float
because obviously there are people now
buying who will not want to resell
straight away. So as you can see on that
NASDAQ inclusion day that second second
step up in the green line that red line
is at its lowest. Okay. What does this
all mean to the stock price? So Grock
projects the brown line. Now you have to
go a little bit higher up um so that we
see that it projects the stock price to
skyrocket. The price is actually on the
right.
&gt;&gt; Did we lose you Alexandra?
&gt;&gt; You lost me. Can you hear me again?
&gt;&gt; Oh, no.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I'm here and my mic works.
&gt;&gt; Alexandra, did we lose you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm here. My mic works. Can
you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Okay, you're back. You're back. Thank
you.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Sorry about that. So, the brown
line is the stock price. The stock price
rejected by Grock. Okay. So, yell at
Grock if you're not happy with it. Don't
yell at me. Don't Don't yell at
Aurelius. But it sees the stock price at
it at its highest. And I think it's in
this chart it's between 275 and 300. So
more than double
&gt;&gt; 135
&gt;&gt; introduction.
&gt;&gt; Um and
&gt;&gt; well it's not more than double 135. Oh
yeah 275. 135 was two
is 260 [laughter]
270
&gt;&gt; 270
&gt;&gt; 70 and it's higher than the double.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Grock thinks it'll double by somewhere
in July July July 4th.
&gt;&gt; Well not somewhere by July. It is the
15th trading day which is July 7th which
is when the NASDAQ 100 kicks in. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Now all be very very careful the the
there will be option traders that are as
smart as I am probably much smarter that
will anticipate all that. But let's just
for once pretend the market is sane and
honest. Okay. So at that very moment as
you can see with that dotted red line
the real float is at its lowest
&gt;&gt; lowest
&gt;&gt; and the stock price projection is at its
highest.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Then comes a date that is the Q2
earnings call. Now what what Grock did
is predict that once there's this first
wave of early investors unlocking the
stock price may go down. So you see that
elbow in the in the in the brown line.
Let me just say this doesn't go straight
down. I actually believe the stock price
will stay up there and go down in a sort
of a cliff form much more than in this
diagonal form. But whatever, right? I
mean let's just take it for it what it
is. Um and then also obviously the whole
question is how many of these early
investors are really going to get out.
We have heard that um Black Rockck wants
to buy for 5 to 10 billion. You already
see there [laughter] is not 5 to 10
billion around. If they start buying
this could go much higher. We already
heard that Baron Ron Baron said I'm not
selling. I'm actually buying more. They
have some and they want to buy.
&gt;&gt; He said one billion.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So he wants but so you know he
is one of those early investors that
could get out but he doesn't want to get
out. We have heard ARC explaining that
yes, they will sell a bit because they
are limited by their 10%s,
but they're also going to open SpaceX in
more funds because now that it's a
publicly tradable fund, it is more open
to their other funds. So the the very
complicated thing about this chart is
how much of the early investors will
really sell. And so my first prognosis
was this one. This is sort of my most
realistic scenario, right? and and
that's what Grock then fed in into these
uh into the heights of the blue line
going up. You will see there are going
to be two other ones that makes it much
clearer. But as you can see the moment
that Q2
earnings call happens, which is that
first step up in the blue line, the
stock price should come down because
that unlocks two business days after the
earnings call. And we obviously don't
know the date yet of the earnings call
that unlocks them to be able to sell. So
we could see fresh stock coming into the
market up to 30% of that lot. Now what
is that lot? As you know about 50% of
early investors is actually Elon and
Elon cannot sell for 366
days. So when you hear 20 to 30% it is
not 20 to 30% it's actually 10 to 15%
because the other half Elon's half
cannot sell. Okay. And then I made this
assumption that it's only partially of
that.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; So my assumption is
that there is an event before that Q2
earnings call which is when Elon has to
exercise his stock options of the 2018
compensation package with Tesla. It is a
$7 billion event. So nobody stress about
it. But it triggers a taxable event in
January 2028. And for all that, for how
he nets or pledges or whatever the the
15th of August event and for the taxable
event in January 2028, the higher Tesla
stock price is on August 15th or in the
days ahead because he can do that any
day up to August the 15th, the better
for him. And this is not little money.
This is big money. Okay? So we have an
event on August 15th latest where the
stock price should be the highest. And
we have an event in the second half of
July where early investors can start to
get out. And we have the highest point
on the 7th of July when the NASDAQ 100
comes into play. Okay. You're still with
me? I know this is completely crazy, but
&gt;&gt; your guess is that he'll sell his
options here or somewhere when it's a
high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; exactly. So my my
ideal scenario, Goldilocks, what do I
know? Don't don't trust me. It's not
financial advice, but I want to share it
with you. That's how I think is between
that July 7th NASDAQ inclusion and
between the earnings call when these
people can get out, they will announce
the merger of equals
and Tesla will join the market cap that
SpaceX then has because it is the
highest in that whole scenario. Okay.
Um, so I just bought these August
options as you know because I believe
very firmly in that. Again, I know
nothing. This is just me trying to put
all these breadcrumbs together and I may
be on the wrong on the wrong path. But
it looks really so engineered. It looks
so well thought through. I mean, they
went and see and saw the NASDA
committee, the Footsie Committee, the
CRSP committee, the S&amp;P committee that
didn't work, but anyway, and made them
change index rules. They structured
these lock up end periods
exactly a certain way and then they
included the earnings calls. I mean that
you have certain dates, fair enough. And
that you sort of want to spread them a
little bit off the index so that the
index inclusion can have its is effect.
Okay, all that. But why link the two
biggest chunks of early
investors being able to get out with the
earnings calls? This is crazy. So, I've
never seen anything like it. Usually,
these these uh lockup periods are
structured in a very simple way. 180
days and then they can get out. This is
re somebody has really thought this
through. So, my question is why did they
think it through? Well, because they
want the SpaceX price to go up. Why do
they want the SpaceX price to go up? And
there comes my breadcrumbs. So, I
thought it was
&gt;&gt; Let me ask a question. So when so right
now you you've explained uh that there's
no selling at all as of Friday until
July
&gt;&gt; 4th.
No conclusion. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Day of the Q2.
&gt;&gt; When is the earnings call? When is when
is the Q2 earnings call?
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Are we talking July 22nd or 28th?
&gt;&gt; Well, it could be July 22nd, 29th. And
then
&gt;&gt; those are both Wednesdays.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so the Wednesdays were
traditionally the Tesla earnings call.
Will they do the SpaceX earnings call?
Because at the moment there was never a
SpaceX earnings call, right? Because it
was a private call.
&gt;&gt; It's your theory that on that earnings
call because a day the couple days after
the earnings call occurs that is unlocks
30% of people and it's not 30% of the
whole thing. It's it's the first unlock
of shareholders able to sell that on
that day. That's when Elon might
announce that the Tesla SpaceX intends
to acquire Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And so I have actually two
theories. One is that they would do it
on a Monday morning early, very
traditional for announcing um merger
merger announcements. My second is
because it would be so Elon and it makes
me laugh before I can even say it would
be that he does the earnings call. It's
all serious. You know, how many stings,
how many contracts, how many AI clients,
how many whatever. And then at the end
he says, "Oh, and one last thing,
we just filed an S8 with the SEC. Go and
check it out." I mean, that would be
just hilarious, right? I I don't know
whether I could breathe if [laughter] if
he does that. And just a little comment,
somebody said, "Oh, you you bought calls
and Tesla went down 5%. I bought my
calls at at 385."
&gt;&gt; Nice. Good job. Perfect timing.
Okay. So, whoa. Uh, so, so this chart
does not include this potential
acquisition. This is just a
straightforward analysis of when the
This is great. tells you exactly when
the unlock occurs for shareholders to
sell, but also when the inclusion is and
the inclusions are now just these two at
the very beginning these three at the
very beginning because we know that S&amp;P
is no longer possibly not until
September or January June of next year.
&gt;&gt; Let me let me check let me let me
clarify that. So
all three, Footsie, CRSP and NASDAQ do
their thing in June, early July, 7th of
July, the last one. But that will not be
up to the size of the SpaceX market cap.
You know that in the end all these
indices are market cap weighted, but
because there is not enough float, they
can only do it by rebalancing in the
next quarter, seeing where the market
cap is. Then that's why we have these
staggered
moments where new new float comes in. So
there will be NASDAQ and NASDAQ and and
Footsie and um CRSP inclusions again in
September and again in December. We will
know those dates early September and
early December and I'll keep you all
updated and they may actually be bigger
than the initial one. It all depends on
how much float there is. Now to the S&amp;P.
The S&amp;P considered doing instead of a 12
months inclusion, a six months
inclusion. They didn't go for that, but
and I don't even have this on this
chart. They do for a smaller portion of
their total market indices, not of the
S&amp;P 500, 400, 600. Those are a different
basket which has the old rules, but for
another basket, they are doing them. So,
there will be some S&amp;P as well. I just
don't know those dates yet, but they
will be early as well. And then for the
big S&amp;P 500 inclusion, because I mean it
has to get at one point into the S&amp;P
500. It's going to be one of the 10
biggest companies. Um that has two
scenarios. If they merge, it will
actually at the moment the merger is
consummated. And thank you for everybody
who taught me that it's not consumed,
it's consummated. You're right and I'm
learning. Um so the date is really
consummated meaning the regulators have
gone through it. we have voted on every
is green and then comes the consummation
date and that would be the date where
the Tesla ticker disappears in the S&amp;P
500 and the SpaceX ticker replaces it or
whatever the new entity is going to be
called and that will be a huge buying
day because now suddenly the two market
caps will be combined. Um all these S&amp;P
index funds only have the Tesla part in
their funds and now they have to
purchase in one go the S&amp;P part. So that
could be bigger than the 2020 event. We
just don't know the timing. So it's
either at the moment of the merger or it
is we're back to our headache with S&amp;P.
It is when S&amp;P thinks as uh SpaceX is
profitable enough for enough quarters
and all their little uh shenanigans and
meetings and whatever to finally include
it. So that could be any time from
mid2027 to end of the year. But if a
merger happens, it's the merger that
precedes everything. And that can
happen. You're saying January, February,
March 2027. The actual
&gt;&gt; best case scenario is Q1 2027. My most
realistic is Q2. There is in that first
chart you showed, I have written, you
know, all the regula regulators that
have to approve this exactly. So there's
an article with this chart on the top
that explains exactly how a merger would
work and there is number six HSR SEC and
department of defense who have to review
well you know firewall is is Tesla China
sufficiently you know firewalled from
the SpaceX government contracts and
whatever else. So that's going to be a
bit of a headache. Um and we don't know
how many weeks that will take but the
deal closing the consumation of the deal
first half of 2027 I'm very confident
hopeful for the first three months
probable in the fourth to six months.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. So I I I'm following with
you. So July you're believing that
somewhere on the SpaceX earnings call
late July maybe latest would be early
August they will announce Tesla's
acquisition. The vote for Tesla will
happen in November, probably somewhere
there, fall, and then it'll close
probably in the first quarter of next
year. And as soon as you do, that's when
they get included into the S&amp;P anyways.
So, when you look at this table here,
um, you know, the stock probably will
fall because who knows what's going to
hold it up because all these unlocks
happening.
&gt;&gt; Well, well, well, we will have a
roadster. We will have robo taxis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's let's let's clarify
that. So, this is why you can't take
this is not set in stone. This is just
what Grock says based on just the unlock
and the buying. But reality is if they
announce a a in July here and an
acquisition at that point Tesla
milestones will help pop up this SpaceX
stock and vice versa.
&gt;&gt; So you're saying Robos actually rolls
out in August and Jul September. You see
Roadster announcements, you see these
things and then maybe the stock will not
fall so much.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Is that what you're saying?
&gt;&gt; So Exactly. So there are a lot of
hypothesis here. One is you know how
much early investors get out. But then
comes the scenario that a merger is
announced and that is not plotted on
this chart at all. If that is the case
the two stocks would walk in lock step
meaning if SpaceX today has a great news
and goes up 1% Tesla goes up
automatically 1% as well. There is
arbitrage. There are funds out there
that do nothing else and arbitrage it.
So what is their arbitrage theory? If
the likelihood of regulators and Tesla
shareholders approving this is so high
that they start up the idea that this is
going to work well it's going to be a
perfect lock step. If they give it an
80% well then you will have some wiggle
room between the two but there will
still be a strong lock step. So actually
yes my theory is that good news for one
will pull up the other. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the likelihood of a shareholder
approval, a Tesla shareholder approval
is really the key thing. And we won't
know, we've already had a big show on
this last week of what is the actual
deal terms. And so depending on what the
deal terms are, then that's when we'll
know what what's the chances that this
will be approved in November by Tesla
shareholders. And you're saying that if
if Tesla's if SpaceX stock is at three
trillion, uh the market cap is three
trillion. Tesla stock will go up to
three trillion because it could be a
merger of equal or as Joe was saying, it
may [clears throat] actually be that
they'll buy Tesla higher than SpaceX,
which is crazy, but that could be just
to give the premium to convince the
Tesla shareholders to vote yes on this.
So, okay. Okay. So, why don't you walk
us through what we uh everything else we
do know about um the SpaceX IPO? You put
together all the key metrics.
&gt;&gt; Give me a second. Give me
[clears throat] a second. I did two
other I think three other charts. I just
want to quickly show the impact of the
impact of the float.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's go through that
&gt;&gt; to it all. Okay, so you still have in
brown this the uh share price. It's
still the same scenario. Nothing with a
merger, nothing. This is just you know
SpaceX stock here in this scenario. It
stays very high above 275 and goes up
because none of the early investors go
out. This is not realistic
&gt;&gt; or tiny little p pieces or people will
sell they won't sell all of their
holdings. They'll sell little bits to
make enough money because the jump was
so significant. Let's say you're a
welder now you're a multi-millionaire.
[laughter]
You're not going to sell all of it to
get your multi-million. You're probably
going to sell enough to say, "Hey, I've
got a couple hundred grand here, then
I'll keep the rest and ride it because I
believe in this is going to keep going
up." Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and you know, lots of these
people think, I want to get my initial
investment back. So, they sell what
their initial investment back was back
in the time, but that is a fraction of
what they now have. Okay. Exactly. So,
so this is not completely out of the
word, but it's obviously
&gt;&gt; unrealistic. They some people will sell.
I know ARC will sell. They they said it
so publicly. They have to sell because
of their of their uh u and then so the
next chart is what if everybody sells
everything except Elon.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; If everybody sell if everybody sells
everything.
&gt;&gt; This is half. This is half. Sorry.
Everybody sells exactly half
&gt;&gt; of what? So you have the same peak up to
above 275 and then you're going a little
bit lower. My scenario on which the
first graph was plotted was a little bit
more than half. Right? So this is a
little bit more conservative than me.
All these charts are available. So you
can all you know study them. And then
comes scenario number three please
Herbert which is everybody sells
everything which is as unrealistic as
the other one. But you will see that
even in this scenario the stock price
doesn't go down below IPO price. Okay.
Now can I guarantee it will never go
down? I have no idea. But these these
staggered index purchases the green line
below do pre prepare a beautiful floor
every time they come in. Okay. So and
and again
this is engineered. The the blue line is
completely engineered. They gave them
not random dates. They're trying to do
something here. You know they they were
this [snorts] ladder. Somebody thought
this through. Why? what do I know? But
it it makes sense when you start
plotting it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The only thing I'd say is that
this this uh visual we're watching here
is only for the end of 2026, maybe the
first part of uh January. The real
volatility for SpaceX. Some people are
saying I just talked to Joe Bacti about
this is after it's in 2027 when you've
got all these promises for SpaceX.
You've got Starlink milestones showing,
but then you're not really going to be
able to show AI data center as real
revenue per se, but potentially
space-based AI data centers until the
second half of 2027 if you're lucky. And
so from then, it's still a story stock
at that point. And then some people
might, you know, just like Tesla there,
you're promising me all sorts of the
moon, literally the moon. But uh, you
know, people will get tired and they're
waiting for the real revenue to hit.
That could happen then.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Sure. And I mean it is a
very risky stock like Tesla was and it
still is a very risky stock. It's not
you're not in the
&gt;&gt; alphabet or a certain way even Nvidia of
this world. This is a a higher a higher
um beta stock.
&gt;&gt; But you're saying if if everybody who
owns shares other than Elon for the
first year sell 100% of this long Grock
estimates it'll fall down to maybe 150.
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It still doesn't go below the
IPO price.
That is it. That's exactly what it's
saying. And I thought that was very
interesting. So, let's go to the
article. Yes. Sorry, I interrupted you.
&gt;&gt; What's this one?
&gt;&gt; Oh, so this is the three curves
&gt;&gt; with the periods where the earnings
calls are. Those are the the pink ones.
That is when they can sell their biggest
chunks. And that is so it's always two
days after the earnings call. And that
is where the stock price has these elbow
nicks. Uh, and
&gt;&gt; this is very important information for
all shareholders is you got to know when
is the unlocks happening. And they're
happening. The big big unlocks occur
during call, which we don't know when
they are yet, but you're giving us a
guideline of when we're expecting them
to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be July 22nd.
&gt;&gt; There you go. You're even more precise
than me.
&gt;&gt; I'm back from my vacation. The day after
I come back from vacation, we're gonna
do a a live stream that next morning.
I'll be groggy.
&gt;&gt; We're gonna be doing
&gt;&gt; like last time, right? You remember when
you came back last time? We we pulled
you straight into it.
&gt;&gt; My prediction is July 22nd, Wednesday.
All right.
&gt;&gt; But we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you you put together all all
the key metrics for what to expect. Uh
SPCX is the ticker. By the way, I think
uh when they do merge with uh Tesla,
we're already saying that it's a
guaranteed. If they do merge with Tesla,
your guess is that uh SPCX goes away,
TSLA goes away and it will be replaced
by X as your guess, right?
&gt;&gt; And then still available.
&gt;&gt; You know, I'm I'm sweating this because
I can't be called X Boomer Mama. I mean,
this is not me. I'm I'm not putting you
ex.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; I used to be called Tessa Herbert for
years and people hated it when I
switched to Herbert. So, you should just
&gt;&gt; Would you call yourself ex Herbert? I
mean, come on. It's so sex.
&gt;&gt; Why are you not Why not just boomer
mama? You can do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess I'll try that. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; just go boomer. You better reserve it
now. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, SBCX uh price is 135.
This is set in stone already. This has
been announced. Uh 1.75 trillion is the
market cap. Issuing 555,000 new class A.
&gt;&gt; I mean, the number, right? I mean,
there's never a dull number with Elon.
There's [laughter] always something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
What's this? Oh, it So, they could
actually raise it uh to if they decide
to and so most likely they won't just go
with 75. They're going to go to E6
billing.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, that's the underwriter's
right. They have 30 days to do so. And
that's obviously playing into my float
scenario. So, this doesn't So, it goes
from 75 to 86.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. when
&gt;&gt; if they think that more people want to
keep buying it because right now the
estimate is that there's two times overs
subscribed for Friday when Friday goes
IPO that there's two times more people
than the 75 billion worth that's what
they're saying so if they see that that
is still the interest is still there
they'll issue more shares so that won't
bring reduce the price down because
you've got the the buyers
&gt;&gt; there's more there's more offer um
there's more supply sorry and and then
so the the it could go up to an 86
billion
um issued. That doesn't materially
change my scenarios on the charts. We
did play it through. I didn't want to,
you know, nobody knows whether this full
green show is going to be executed or
not. It could very well be that, you
know, Elon tells them not to do it,
whatever. But I did a scenario here, a
little table. Now, first the things that
don't change. Class C is still all at
zero. These are the non- voting shares
that they may issue to employees or when
they buy smaller companies with and
don't want to give them voting rights.
So that's class C. This is now ready for
further acquisitions. Class B is 97%
Elon. So all that doesn't change. It's
class A that gets diluted, right? The
one to one voting shares, not the the
others. So preIPO it's 6.8 billion
shares. If it is the minimum, the 555
billion, then it goes up to 7.38
billion. If it they go full green show
and yeah, green show, then it could go
up to nearly 7.5.
&gt;&gt; It's minimal. It's not huge. It's not a
lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; It's 11
million more. Yeah. [clears throat] Keep
on going. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So I think the number to keep because
you will see at one moment if I'm right
with my theory on the merger of equals
it will be very important to understand
what is the market cap of each company.
The market cap is a calculation of
outstanding shares. And so keep in mind
the number 13 billion for around 13
billion for SpaceX and the market cap
for Tesla by then because there's this
um stock exercise so stock option
exercise will be about four billion 13
billion one side four billion the other
and that's going to be the ratio of the
if they go in lock step
okay the key dates so on Thursday late
afternoon once the market is closed they
will confirm the final price I don't
expect anything else in 1:35 they will
decide the allocation so the 555 or
maybe already opening up the green show
and they will announce all that after
the market close so there will be um SEC
announcement there
&gt;&gt; is it true I've heard rumors Alexandra
that uh it is so one of the unique
things that Elon asked for for this
particular IPO is that the allocations
are decided by SpaceX not the bankers
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So some people
&gt;&gt; he has been yelling that's for sure.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That he is telling the bankers for
example first of all every retail
shareholder should get at least one
sharehold share. If you ask for it
you'll get at least one two to not
prioritize the the big holders. If you
have huge amounts of money you don't
necessarily get more than everyone else
to try to do. He did something heard
that from Schwab. We heard some from
Fidelity. remember Fidelity wanted
initially 500,000 in other accounts. Now
it's down to 2,000. So there's been some
yelling going on and I think he was
really making clear that he wanted
retail shareholders to be privileged. I
mean privileged, treated like everybody
else in this world. Um and uh and and uh
so the
it is true that the order is this way.
Does that mean that the bankers will
execute? I doubt it. Especially the ones
overseas. I mean, these people are
usually so stuck up and do what they
want. So, I mean, I hope all the people
that want shares get them. Uh, but I I
doubt it now. Especially Schwab, I don't
trust a lot. So, Schwab has still a high
limit. I think 100,000. Um, but they
pretend that they will favor smaller
accounts compared to larger accounts.
Now, let's wait and see. I mean, with
Schwab, I'm of the opinion I control and
then I give them the credit. I just
don't like it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. And then the first
trading day is Friday, June 12th,
&gt;&gt; and it starts at the morning, right? It
starts at 9:30 Eastern, 6:30 Pacific.
There's no lapse of time. I expect Elon
to go and ring the bell. And
&gt;&gt; when does that ringing of the bell
happen?
&gt;&gt; Well, at 6:30 when the market opens.
Well, 6:30.
&gt;&gt; I'm just wondering if I should do a live
stream. And you said you're busy that
day, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, at 6:30 I could be there.
Then I'm in a call with ARC, and then
I'm going on Bloomberg. And now it looks
as if then I'm going on BBC and then I
have clients. So, um, it will be a busy
day, but 6:30 will be
&gt;&gt; busy day for you. Okay, we'll see what I
end up doing. 6:30 in the morning, but
it's Jesus. To watch Elon ring the bell,
it's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Not the first time he did it in 2010.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Uh, options trading. What's
this?
&gt;&gt; So, options trading. So SpaceX options,
there are people in the market that
pretend they will be straight away
available on Friday. I doubt that. So I
I went into my frenzy with my friend uh
Grock. I I checked out other large IPOs.
I mean, there was never anything as
large as this one. I do understand that
option traders want to make their money,
but also I understand that option
traders want to protect their money. And
if this uh price goes skyrocketing, you
don't want to have options out there. So
I think the best expectations is that we
will not have tradable options until
Tuesday, Wednesday, the week after. Now
what do I know? Maybe there are some
crazies out there um who who want to
start option pricing already on Friday.
I doubt it, but
be my guest.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then you actually put real
dates here. Thank you. Because that
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's this is the data that
again this is the article that's pinned
and then you have below that article
Aurelius's chart. Um those are the
numbers and those are the uh
explanations when they come. Again CRSP
and Footsie could be the Thursday 18th
or it could be the Monday 22nd just
because this June 19th holiday comes up
and then the NASDAQ comes at the July
4th holiday. So that one will be the
July 7th. Um and then again actually
watch out for those rebalances. The
these indexes will keep us busy this
next six months. And then I give you
know how much they actually have under
management. The the CRSPs are the
biggest one. They are Vanguard. Now you
also have to know that Vanguard was the
the um it's actually not the biggest.
It's Footsie that's the biggest. But
Vanguard was an early investor in
SpaceX. they have already a lot. So at
one point when I didn't know the lockup
periods yet, I thought well maybe maybe
Vanguard can sell to their funds so they
don't have to buy in open market but
they can't right we just learned they
can't until the earnings call. So
actually the CS CRSPs have to buy them
in the market and then um the Footsie
Russell. So this is the London base.
There are a lot of them but the there
are bigger indices so the weight of
SpaceX is going to be smaller in them.
We'll get to the numbers in a second on
the next slide. Yeah, I'm surprised that
uh FTSSE is actually the larger one, the
NASDAQ is actually not that small, that
big. Um, a qu a quick aside before we
keep moving forward because uh I forgot
to ask you this question. I was told
that if you buy the IPO price, if you're
a retail shareholder and you buy the IPO
price for SpaceX that there's a
restriction for 60 days before you can
sell that.
&gt;&gt; And did you So this No. Okay.
&gt;&gt; No. So, Fidelity put a restriction of
two weeks
because I think they were asked to do
that again. Why? To preserve the float,
right? They were always in the same
scenario, but they can't really forbid
it. What they're d what they're trying
to say is don't do in the first two
weeks otherwise we'll never serve you
for an IPO again. And there will be
people who don't want another IPO and
yet do it just they because they want to
have a quick buck, right? So, and and
the Fidelity is the only one I heard
with a firm recommendation of holding
for two weeks with consequences. Now,
those consequences, I mean, I doubt it.
Can How are they going?
&gt;&gt; No, I'm talking about retail
shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I talk about retail.
&gt;&gt; Fidelity is the only broker that you've
heard has some sort of restriction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Now, I I just see in the comments
somebody saying E Trade as well. I I
don't know e trades conditions but um
&gt;&gt; two weeks
&gt;&gt; I don't know it says fidelity is 15 days
so maybe it's 15 trading days which
would come to July 7th oh my god I mean
all culminates on July 7th so I have
this feeling they're trying to tell
people that they can't sell but can they
enforce that I doubt it very much now
again
I I don't believe a retail
shareholder that wants to make a quick
buck will be stopped by Fidelity of
selling its stock, right? It's
and if you're banned from a future IPO,
maybe you want to take that risk. I
don't know. But anyway, I mean, if in my
view, if you get this thing at 135, keep
it, right? Don't be uh
&gt;&gt; it depends. Each person has different
opinions. Okay, so let's keep going for
the indices. Yeah, [clears throat] I I'm
not sure we need to go through all this
because the charts at the beginning
showed it all and if somebody wants to
have all these details, it is in the
article that's pinned. Uh it shows the
size of the passive buying that's
necessary. It has different scenarios
depending on the market cap where it
goes. So if somebody is as uh number
orientated as I am, they will have a lot
of joy with all this. You can live on
this is all just different different
scenarios. Um the big takeaway is that
is exactly it is the unlock moments.
Okay, the unlock moments is something
you want to watch if you're a SpaceX
investor but also if you're a Tesla
investor because that
prior to that I think things will
happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for putting this
together. So, if you uh are going to
invest in SpaceX, you should go to
Alexandra's X account and she has this
pinned and I kind of quickly went
through this, but it's a lot of detail
of ex, you know, actual dates and
ballpark numbers of when things unlock
and all the info of when you're added to
the um December 9th. All remaining in
early release eligible shares is already
unlocked at that point except for Elon.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And you know the S SNP
discussion with S&amp;P that did not go
through but was for the S&amp;P inclusion on
December 9th. Can you believe that?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it was it was supposed to be timed
perfectly that if the S&amp;P did agree to
it, it would happen December 9th and
then that would have been when all the
shares would have been sold already.
&gt;&gt; So perfect timing for like a
&gt;&gt; that's why always come through. I mean
who was sitting down and planning all
that?
This is crazy.
&gt;&gt; Smart, smart, smart people. Um,
but CERN proposed something. He said,
"Okay, the S&amp;P came out a few days ago
and they said, "We are not going to
change our rules, which is still 12
months, which means the next time that
you could include SpaceX into their S&amp;P
500, is June of next year." CERN came
out and said, "You know what? They said
that today. That's fine. But they will
be forced to prior to that to actually
go ahead and include change our rules
because uh everybody will be buying
SpaceX in other indices and they're
going to start losing money and they're
going to go
we better just include them.
&gt;&gt; I agree especially now with anthropic
and open eye as well. I mean honestly
can you imagine because you know these
are not the last companies but the to
IPO can you imagine the biggest
&gt;&gt; indices not representing I mean it's one
thing these three companies for space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. The S&amp;P sometimes in
their communication talks about an S&amp;P
1,500. And so people go to me and say,
"Yeah, that's not the S&amp;P 500 hold." The
S&amp;P 10500 regroups three indices. S&amp;P
500, the biggest 500, then S&amp;P 400, the
next 400, and then S&amp;P 600. And what a
normal IPO does is the little company
first gets into the S&amp;P 600 and then it
grows, grows, grows and then it moves
into the 400 and then it grows, grows,
grows and then it moves into the 500.
Now we have these mega cups that once
they IPO they're straight away at a
trillion or maybe at two or maybe at
three. And so the S&amp;P was never designed
for that. The S&amp;P was designed for
companies slowly growing into their top
tier S&amp;P 500. Once they've gone through
all the rest,
SpaceX will never be in the 600 or in
the 400. It will straight away be in the
top 10. So, you cannot ignore the huge
mega caps just because you have some
rules written in stone and you don't
like Elon on top of it. um you know the
the market will ask for that or we'll
say you know what I mean you know what I
can live with a NASDAQ 100 because the
NASDAQ 100 is actually much more tech
orientated and has all these open AI and
anthropic and
&gt;&gt; have open anthropic and all that they're
going to go and move their money out of
S&amp;P 500 and then they're going to be
forced to say this is this sounds
exactly like Delaware all over again
they they strategically make a comment
thinking how powerful they are and then
months later they'll realize uhoh we d
we forever damaged ourselves because We
don't have it's imagine OpenAI,
Anthropic, and SpaceX. It's not in your
index.
&gt;&gt; It's like the most valuable companies
everybody wants, right?
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; I mean, even even the US government is
currently in
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But S&amp;P, excuse me, not
touching because it may be volatile,
right?
&gt;&gt; So, so even though they announced it,
they might include and then it might be
timed. Who knows? And it might be
&gt;&gt; Can you can you can you just address
this because a lot of people say Elon is
so evil. He is the one that forced these
indexes to include SpaceX and they
changed all the rules. That's just not
the case, right?
&gt;&gt; So let me let me take it the other way
around. Let's say we were in a classic
scenario where for six months none of
the index funds would have included
anything and that would have collided
exactly with the six months traditional
lockup period, right? This would have
been an enormous cliffhanger that you
know you would have put on that middle
December date all the NASDAQ, all the
Footsie, all the CRSP, all everything at
the same time. Then the in one go early
investors could go out right the first
day. So instead of that, I think their
thought was let's spread it over time
that way it stabilizes. It stabilizes
over multiple weeks. Now, did they think
of a merger announcement? I think so. Do
I know anything? I don't. But if you
want to have a merger announcement as
soon as possible, which I do believe is
their intent,
this staggered and this index inclusion
to support the the stock price was the
smartest thing to do because at the same
time, I do believe there was much good
news coming. It only started with
Anthropic and Google on the SpaceX side.
it. We know all the good news that is in
the pipelines for Tesla. So, I just have
this feeling that this is actually going
to take away volatility and increase
both stock prices.
&gt;&gt; So, your your theory that the
announcement was going to happen in late
July was something that only you were
saying because it's way too early for
almost everyone, but your it because of
this chart where you can see that the
likelihood the highest likelihood that
the SpaceX price will be the highest is
actually late July. it makes sense to do
it then as opposed to you know um these
unlocks occur and then the stock may be
volatile at that point. So not only do
you have the three indexes buying at the
same time with the lowest amount of
shares available share pops up that's
when you most likely will want to
announce a Tesla purchase.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Now I have a couple of
questions I see in the comments.
Somebody asking how can SpaceX acquire
Tesla if they don't have cash. This is
not going to be a cash deal. This is a
stock deal, stock for stock. So that is
why they have a limit of 36 billion
issuable authorized stock. Currently, as
I showed, they will be at 13 after the
IPO and then we will see whether there
will be another 13 for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Any other comments? uh you know this is
the most definitive guide of what to
expect and I think every every SpaceX uh
shareholder big whales small retail
should follow these and and you know
like this is Grock and and so we don't
know the share price but certainly the
unlocks are pretty well set in stone the
index inclusions are set in stone and
then you can follow the the percentage
that is going to be released and uh you
can you know guess yourself from there
&gt;&gt; what will happen to the stock But those
are
&gt;&gt; I want to address that question from
Luke Jer. Why can't Tesla acquire
um SpaceX? Well, because the S1
prospectus for SpaceX is set up in such
a manner governance-wise to protect Elon
a maximum. So he has 10 times voting
shares and litigation has to go through
arbitration
and I mean that there are many clauses
in there including some that I feel a
little bit much for example the one that
if ever he would die his class B shares
go to his family that that's not my
liking but anyway the the whole
structure the whole structure of the
SpaceX
Corporation
has been designed
to be ideal compared to everything that
was never ideal within Tesla. So it
would make no sense to keep the Tesla
structure. The whole idea is giving Elon
this control and protecting him from any
activists and anything else. Uh and that
is going to happen within SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think we've said this
several times, most of the MAG 7
companies is founder controlled. The
founders have super voting rights. And
so letting SpaceX do that, it's not it's
not evil. It's just normal. And in fact,
it's Tesla that is anomaly that Elon
even was okay with letting spa Tesla
become a company without him having
super voting shares. Can you It's like
the guy was just truly with his heart,
but of course it bit him in the butt
with the with the uh the lawsuits and
all that. Okay. So no doubt SpaceX will
buy Tesla, but is there a chance that
SpaceX will buy Tesla at double the
price of SpaceX? That is a possibility,
right? It doesn't have to be a merger
vehicle. Doesn't have to be
&gt;&gt; today. Today the market cap is 1.5,
right, for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Um, if I'm right and if Grock is right
in his chart, um, SpaceX's market cap
may at one moment be 3.5.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's say it's three trillion.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; let's say three. There you have your one
for two because now Tesla's stock price
goes up to the same level.
&gt;&gt; No, no. So they will buy if if if SpaceX
at 3 trillion and Tesla still is at 1.5
trillion in late July which is
[laughter]
I I honestly can't get my day head
around this cuz like we're IPOing in a
few days. SpaceX are going how are you
going on vacation? I can't
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I going to go I'm going
to go I'm going to be gone in vacation
July. July next month is when a
potential acquisition is. So when they
do let's say it's SpaceX at 3 trillion
and then space Tesla is at 1.3 1.5
trillion stays there SpaceX will say I
will buy Tesla at 3 trillion mergers of
equal and then you think your your guess
is that Tesla stock will immediately pop
up from 1.5 trillion to three trillion
&gt;&gt; or go up like this but
&gt;&gt; so it's not a matter of number of shares
the number of shares in a merger of
equal is the same number on both sides
it's the value of the shares that will
have doubled
And so if now if they announce it, I'm
going to buy it at mergers of equal in
July, 8th of July, by November when they
vote for this Tesla shareholders, will
they be happy with a you know,
&gt;&gt; do they want to go back below 400?
&gt;&gt; So you're saying just as long as they
Tesla stock doubled, that's pretty
that's a that's a that's a good premium.
That's a fantastic premium. And it's a
premium paid by the market
&gt;&gt; on the not sellers.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; I get it because by that point it will
be a mergers truly it will be the Tesla
stock will double and that's your guess
and that's why you're buying again this
is you because you don't normally do
this and you but you're just being
transparent with everybody here.
&gt;&gt; I'm not
&gt;&gt; you're being transparent everybody here.
You have bought because the last time
you bought options you got bit in the
butt. You lost that.
&gt;&gt; I'm bad. I'm bad.
&gt;&gt; You lost money. So, don't trust
[laughter] don't trust Alexandra. Okay.
&gt;&gt; No financial advice, but I want to be
transparent. I want to tell people what
I'm doing because I don't want them to
think I have any, you know, ulterior
motive to say this stuff. No, I'm
putting the money where I believe it is.
&gt;&gt; So, you're buying options guessing that
Tesla stock will pop in August.
&gt;&gt; Correct. [sighs]
And you're but you're not buying SpaceX
because you believe that Tesla stock
will double anyways. Uh there's no need
to do this.
&gt;&gt; That is correct. So what I did is I
closed my little position I had in guts.
Remember I did this
&gt;&gt; which is a pharmaceutical for
&gt;&gt; Exactly. for post GLP1. So I still
believe in the whole thing but I mean
obviously I don't see the upside. use
that money to pour it back into more
more Tesla. Everything's in Tesla now,
100%. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And including now, actually, it's more
than 100% because now I have these uh
these options. And um
for me to buy the SpaceX IPO other than,
you know, one for the history books
would have meant to sell some Tesla
because I'm 100% invested. I don't have
liquidity in any draw anymore. Every
time the stock went down, I bought what
I could. So that that's it. And that
meant in certain account a taxable event
and I wasn't going to do that. And then
once I thought this through I thought
even in the non-T taxable uh accounts no
I believe in this and I think it's
actually much wiser to just play this
now uh through the merger. Now the
merger has a couple of hurdles may never
be announced. I still believe it does
but who knows. Second, it may not go
through a shareholder vote, right? The
shareholder vote depends obviously on
retail, but there are many many
frustrated retail investors here.
&gt;&gt; Can you can you share that because I
thought that it's important for the
audience to understand this.
&gt;&gt; In the past, sh retail shareholders for
Tesla had over 50% of the vote. And so
you, you know, you did a heroic job
trying to get every retail shareholder
to be aware that there's a vote to vote.
and it helped because you know we were
battling for Elon's pay package and all
moved to Texas was the most important
thing all that happened and thank you to
you for the work you did there today
I've been reporting the last week big
whales institutional investors have been
buying Tesla stock all of Q1 Q1 this
year which by the way is very
interesting it's tied to
&gt;&gt; 31%
&gt;&gt; retail shareholders only own 31%
having said that so therefore in order
for the November vote to occur to to
actually win in SpaceX's favor to buy uh
to acquire Tesla. You need to get the
big whales and so you but you believe
that you count them up. You tell me
Vanguard,
Arc Invest, Ron Baron, all these guys
together
&gt;&gt; and this is I guess on your part. Why
did SpaceX choose war include Charles
Schwab, Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan? These
three were real ass. What's the word?
You said it. You're right.
&gt;&gt; They were the biggest a-holes to Tesla
who voted against these things. Why
would Elon allow them? Maybe SpaceX
says, "Look, you do this. You better
vote in our will you now vote in our in
our favor?" And then they could not let
go of the billions of dollars they're
going to make on this IPO and they said,
"Sure."
&gt;&gt; So that's why they included them. That's
Are you willing to say that that's the
case?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my theory. I mean, will we
ever know? Probably not. But, uh, I
mean, I've worked at Wall Street. They
are gullible to the point they would
sell their kids if they have to, right?
And, uh, being one of the underwriters
or being one of the distributors of IPO
uh, shares for SpaceX is the honor of
their lifetime.
&gt;&gt; It's lucrative, too. It's
&gt;&gt; honor and honor and money. Exactly. And
uh and so um and do they want retail mad
at them again? I mean, we've proven how
many times now that we know
&gt;&gt; you Schwab Schwab, right? We uh that
effort when that happened, uh we moved a
lot of money, Tesla money out of Schwab
to the point that they capitulated and
they said, "Sorry, we'll [laughter]
vote." Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I'm still waiting for
August 31st because since last year's
[cough]
vote was in the second half. They are
only included in the SN SEC filings of
the 31st of August. So the 31st of
August, we will know how they really
voted last year. I mean they said they
voted yes, right? We will but we'll see
with Schwab with Schwab. I'm I'm
&gt;&gt; very
&gt;&gt; whatever. But we will make sure that
between August and if there is this vote
in November, everybody knows what Schwab
was up to whether they held their word
or not. [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Okay. But anyways, you're getting to the
point that can you explain like you
think that the SpaceX uh Tesla
shareholders to vote yes on an
acquisition, you would you would need to
convince the big whales first and then
of course we still need to mobilize the
retail shareholders,
&gt;&gt; but it's really the big whales that
matter more at this point.
&gt;&gt; Let me do let me do the account. So
currently Elon has 20%, but as I told
you there is the options and then his
restricted stock.
&gt;&gt; You need to get to 50% plus one vote
&gt;&gt; of all shares and all shares will be 4
billion. So we need to get to two
billion. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And Elon will be at 700 and something.
So it will actually be 17 and a half%.
So the number to keep in mind we have
Elon 17 and a half. So we still need 32
and a half. I mean ARC is not that big
anymore. Baron is suite but it's not
that big anymore. The big whales are
Vanguard and Black Rockck. Now Vanguard
has been not only in Tesla but also in
Black Rockck early invest uh in in in
SpaceX early investor. Black Rockck has
not but has already expressed publicly
that they want five to 10 billion at the
IPO. So they will also be in both. So I
do believe and we have seen that what
was it in Davos where
&gt;&gt; where Larry F was singing
&gt;&gt; singing praises of of Elon. Black.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think those relationships are
smoothed out, right? So, I I think we
can count on Vanguard and Black Rockck.
So, now we're about uh 17 and a half and
15. So, we're about at 32 and a half.
Now, with with Baron and whatever, we're
at about 35. Okay. Now, 35, we need to
get to 15. 50, right? We need 15. So,
how do we get 15? Well, retail is 31. If
half of retail votes yes, we're there.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But but but
yeah, half of all retail has to vote.
Yes. Not just the ones uh
&gt;&gt; you know, it's not locked in. It's not
locked in. We're going to have a heck of
a job. But uh make sure you can vote and
make sure you vote yes. And then again,
that's why I think the offer has to be
very attractive.
&gt;&gt; It's got to be so attractive. I mean,
we're hearing many Tesla retail
shareholders saying, "I will not vote."
That's fair. Or I will I will vote no.
&gt;&gt; And not voting is actually no.
Abstaining is no in this case.
&gt;&gt; That was what I was trying to say
earlier. If you don't vote, it's
actually a no.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Make sure you can vote.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, we need we got a lot of
work to do. Um, we'll see. We'll see. We
don't know. I'm not I'm not saying I
want a Tesla merger. We'll have to wait
and see what the proposal is.
If it's double, yeah, I'll say yes.
If it's triple, yes. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; There he goes.
&gt;&gt; I will do it. Uh, yeah. So, for
transparency, I do not own I don't own
any SpaceX stock. Uh, you don't own
SpaceX stock at this point. So, people
keep, you know,
criticizing us or whatever, saying, "You
guys are just pumping SpaceX." Um, I
don't own any of the stock. I'm just
reporting. Uh I haven't decided if I'm
going to do anything on Friday or you
know today if if we're going to do
anything you got to do it soon. Um and
then
&gt;&gt; let me add one let me add one risk
factor because in that discussion with
Joe Baki by the way he traumatized me.
You know I think I'm actually quite a
good debater. I'm obviously a woman I
interrupt. I'm much more emotional.
&gt;&gt; He interrupted you. Sorry I just did it
now.
&gt;&gt; Well anyway I I I felt he he beat me to
it. Um but he also came up with this
idea of a rigid or a flaw meaning you
know once there is this offer let's say
at 3 trillion then SpaceX has to
guarantee that Tesla's price doesn't go
down that this ratio is locked in and I
thought about this and I thought about
it and I thought about it and it is
completely contrary to my understanding
how a market works. I mean, have there
ever been I um merger announcements with
a collar, right? Where where a stock
price is between this price and that
price for the acquisition? Could very
well be, but I just don't think Elon
thinks like that. Now, again, granted,
as we just calculated, the offer has to
be sufficiently attractive for Tesla
retail to vote for it and even for other
institutions to vote for it. Um, so all
this to say
I don't agree with his
strict flaw or rigid. I don't believe
that is in
the way Elon wants to handle that. If
SpaceX goes down, Tesla goes down. I
mean, he sees it as one company. I think
he already did you hear that slip when
when he was at that SpaceX IPO
presentation? Yeah. So the the fact that
it is you know it is one I don't see him
saying okay you know what
bad luck for SpaceX investor you have to
guarantee a floor to Tesla investors I
don't see that I just wanted to throw
that out because I felt I didn't have
enough arguments when I was in my
discussion with J that thing traumatized
me I tell you it's for a week I've been
going I should have talked more and
better and calmer and whatever but here
I
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't I don't know why you're
saying that because at the end of the
day, you won that debate, he changed his
mind and he agreed with you. So, and he
pushed off. He was so strong on the idea
that he was his proposal was that SpaceX
is going to buy Tesla two times, maybe
even three times the SpaceX market cap
&gt;&gt; and uh and and you presented very well
the this that it's you know, market
shares outstanding does not mean or
shares authorized is not in any way.
You've shared data to show that that is
any indication. So, and I thought he
changed his mind. He pushed back and he
or he pulled back his strength in his
conviction. So, I I thought you you
actually convinced
&gt;&gt; good debater. I think I should take
classes with him. He was a really good
debater.
&gt;&gt; He's a smart guy. Um, so you you're
smart and uh we're most important thing
is the audience has to decide for
yourself what you think. But you've got
the the data. Some of the data is
accurate like very very set in stone and
some of it is grock made or guesses
assumptions and you actually in your um
in your post on X you actually laid out
a whole table full of assumptions. You
said here's all the assumptions I made
to come up with this. So you should go
check out her ex account and take a look
at that.
&gt;&gt; Exciting. I I'm I I was so um doubtful
that you're when you started saying that
Tesla will SpaceX will announce a Tesla
acquisition in July. I just kept saying
ah August 15th later later later later I
could not get in my head it's going to
be sooner than that. Um now you're kind
of convincing me because there's so much
breadcrumbs you've shared that kind of
pointing that that's the case and so I'm
getting excited. of July. Some somewhere
between the 7th and the 28th
is my best guess at the moment.
&gt;&gt; If it happens somewhere between what?
This July 7th and the 28th,
I will have to get you. I'll buy you
something.
I'll buy you something. Nothing big.
We're talking coffee. [laughter] We're
talking [snorts] a real crown. Okay. A
real crowd.
We'll see. All right, guys. Thanks,
everybody.