Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Stock Outlook And Key Catalysts
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zq0P0d7uBhA
Published:   2026-04-28 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's making a lot of moves, but the
question is, is the stock going to move?
I know a number of people who say it's
been flat for 5 years. I know other
people who say it's up 200, 300% since
they bought it less than a few years
ago. Well, it's all about timing and
perspective. But what's going on in the
future? Which direction is it moving?
And how certain are we? Well, myself,
I'm not certain of anything in the
future because I am not permitted to
admit that I am a time traveler, even
though clearly I am. I've got Randy Kirk
joining me today. We're going to be
discussing the future of the stock, the
present of the stock, and what a
birthday present it is. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Now, Randy, I know I've said this
before, I do travel through time. People
know this because they've met me at
events in the past and the present,
right? It's a oneto-one kind of time
travel with the only downside being it
ages me terribly. So it's not a a
perfect system, but it is uh
&gt;&gt; But you don't but Brian, you don't look
a you don't look a day over a 100.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. I believe that's
true. It's unfortunate at events people
will say, you know, people our age and
then they ask me my age and they're
like, well, okay, people my age because
that
So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm surprised I'm as less gray as I am
for Anyway, it's fine.
&gt;&gt; It's supposed to be sexy. Supposed to be
sexy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, is it possible to
know what Tesla's stock will be in 2027,
Randy?
&gt;&gt; It is not possible to know. No.
&gt;&gt; Disagree.
&gt;&gt; Disagree. We've got this great article
here from 247 Wall Street. It covers a
bunch of things and then just shows the
the the valuations that are being thrown
out there. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh so uh it can be known with apparent
confidence if you have more hubris than
experience I guess would be
&gt;&gt; Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're
talking about me now because I'm the guy
that makes all the predictions.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Did you know this morning, now
we're recording this on Monday, the
stock absolutely tanked? I don't know if
you've checked it in the last few
minutes. It's above water. By the way,
and by the way, and by the way, this
morning on my show, the entire the
thumbnail was knee-jerk.
And in the and in my presentation this
morning, I said the stock is very likely
to to end up in the green because the
the FUD that came out this morning will
be disposed and it will be back up into
green territory. I suspect that the
reason it dipped so aggressively was
algorithms. The algorithms can't see the
reason uh that there's an extra 300
million shares. Uh but there were what
happened this morning was Tesla
officially registered Elon Musk's stock.
What investors need to know? What they
need to know apparently according to
Barren is this is a picture at Mara
Lago. This is uh I guess virtue
signaling or vice signaling. I don't
know. It's an interesting choice. Uh
Tesla registered approximately 304
million shares related to Elon's 2018
pay award, making them freely tradable.
Stock options were upheld by the
Delaware court, and these are will begin
expiring in 2028, uh which will surely
prompt some sales to cover the tax
obligations. Now, I don't know if you
know this, Randy, but the the tax
situation is very wild and silly um in
terms of people's opinions of it. So, am
I right that what we saw was nothing?
This news was something we knew about
many years ago. Nothing has changed. Is
that fair?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's more important than
that is that they got the reporting
wrong. So as we've reported maybe even
on your show but certainly on my show
this is very likely to be covered what
they call internally. So in other words
the taxes will be paid by Tesla itself
&gt;&gt; by actually reducing the total amount of
the the award. So when when Elon takes
let's say that he was due 300,000 three
million shares. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And this is this is what he's earned.
Well, instead of taking the three
million shares, he takes two million
shares and Tesla pays the tax.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, this is a common way. This
is a common way of handling these. Um,
and this is according to to Tesla Boomer
Mama this morning, it may not cover
100%. But the amount that Elon would
have to come up with would be much much
less than what we're talking about here.
Plus, it's at $23 a share.
&gt;&gt; I would like some of those as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Me too.
&gt;&gt; But the reality is I had the same
vision. I bought shares. Many of them
were less than $23 a share adjusted.
&gt;&gt; They also got another part wrong, Brian,
at least based on my previous reporting
and on on Tesla Boomer Mama's reporting
and other people this morning also
reporting is that no, all of them are
not they don't he doesn't have to take
all of them in 2028. In fact, some of
them are in a lockup period of five
years. So there would be some of them
that couldn't be exercised in 2028. So
that was the reason for my analysis this
morning on my show was I knew that they
got it completely wrong and like all
these other knee-jerk reactions that we
see in the stock market that once
everybody figured it out then we would
see the stock coming back to normal.
&gt;&gt; You can't have a knee-jerk reaction
without jerks Randy. So,
&gt;&gt; um, the tax issue is always fun and
silly because I don't know if you're
aware of this, but there is a huge
percentage of folks in the US who do not
know what taxes are or how they work.
Uh, case in point, Randy, did you know
that you paid over$1.2 billion in taxes
last year?
&gt;&gt; I did. Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; You did. And I know because on this uh
absolute bit of genius here, this clown
gets airtime for saying you are paying
more taxes than Tesla. I'm not going to
play it. It's garbage. Uh it is taking
one type of tax in one place and
assuming that that is somehow uh the
reality when in fact Tesla paid over a
billion dollars in taxes last year. Now,
uh, Randy, do you pay the taxes that you
are due or do you pay some other amount
that is substantially higher?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, typically what I want to do, what
they actually taught us in law school,
uh, and I took a couple of classes in
tax is what you want to do is you want
to take every single tax opportunity
that you have right up to that imaginary
gray line. And you don't want to step
over the gray line because if you step
over the gray line, you could end up
with massive penalties or maybe even
jail time.
&gt;&gt; Did you know when I go to the store and
they charge me 8% sales tax that what I
pay is 8% sales tax?
&gt;&gt; Precisely.
&gt;&gt; And when I'm in Oregon and there is no
sales tax, do people get angry at me for
for not leaving those eight pennies on
the counter? I think they'd be confused
if I did.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, very weird. Uh I agree that
there are elements of our tax code which
deserve uh a little bit of improvement,
a bit of revision. I'm not sure which
ones. I haven't studied it. But to
pretend the reason Tesla isn't paying
much tax in the US is because the tax
code recognizes that they lost money for
ages and that they're investing money
into R&amp;D. R&amp;D is something we want
companies to invest in. We would rather
they invest it in R&amp;D than the
government take that money and poorly
invest it into what they would call R&amp;D
but would really just be, you know, a
slush fund. So, it's
uh financial literacy is important.
While I agree that there are some
companies, some individuals who may be
taxed inappropriately low, uh I am not
taking advice from the dumbest kid in
class.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so folk again your point is
you take everything that you can take.
So when you when you put it that way,
then what people do, what their tax
accountants do is they start looking for
these
maybe maybe not taxes and maybe maybe
not ways of getting around them. So, one
that I'm particularly interested in
right now, although as I said on the pro
on my program the other day, I'm not
willing to die on the hill, but I think
it's one that if I was a Democrat, I
would be actually pushing hard because I
think I could get Republicans to agree
with me. And that is this idea that you
can borrow
as much as you want against your assets
for as long as you want in order to
avoid paying any personal income tax.
And I think that doesn't make sense that
there ought to be a limit to the amount
that you could borrow or there should be
a minimum amount that you pay uh based
on a year that you are borrowing
massively against your assets. So I
don't like that particular rule and I
think there's room to change that one to
make it more equitable.
&gt;&gt; The way it was explained to me that I
thought made sense was is it your money
or not? Because if it is we're supposed
to tax it. If it's not we're not
supposed to tax it. And if it's not your
money, how are you able to borrow
against it? Can I borrow against your
money? No. So, I don't know. I don't
have a dog in that fight. I just think
that that's particularly dumb. But don't
worry, we've got a much dumber story
coming up.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's so much dumber. You're going to
love it. But it is stock related. Uh,
but first, I wanted to give folks some
good advice. Some really good advice.
And I want to know if you agree.
Subscribe to me. Subscribe to Randy.
Subscribe to both of us because uh if
you want to have an idea what's going
on, uh we are here for you. This is what
we do both of us every day. Uh even when
Ry's on vacation, he can't stop working.
&gt;&gt; I can't stop.
&gt;&gt; He doesn't know how. He's tried. Uh so
that's a thing. Uh you know who is uh
dumber than a Yahoo would be a fool.
Well, maybe it's not that dumb. Tesla's
just solved its second biggest problem.
They're not selling as many automobiles
as they'd like, but the ones it is
selling are increasingly profitable. Uh,
quarterly deliveries were lackluster,
leading to disappointing revenue. But
hey, man, the margins were pretty
fantastic. First quarter results weren't
as bad as the stock's post earnings
setback suggests. Uh, so yeah, Tesla's
past and projected top lines that
they've largely lost sight. Anyway, uh
Tesla might be turning the corner. Net
profits that at one time exceeded 10,000
per auto were paired back to less than
half that by 2024. And after a fair
amount of tweaking and fine-tuning,
they're pretty much right back there.
95.558 profit per vehicle. Randy, when
you see one of those haulers going by, a
big old truck with six, seven cars on
it, you could look at it and say that's
like $55 to $65,000
of margin to the company earnings per
share. I mean, that is that's big money,
right? It's out. It's outstanding and
it's excellent, but I just hate it when
people don't ask Grock for a little help
in their analysis because Grock would be
able quickly say, as I've said, not on
that article, but on articles like it,
&gt;&gt; the reason that that Tesla was making 10
to 12,000 per car back in 2022 and 2023
had nothing to do with Tesla's talent.
It had nothing to do with the mix of the
cars. It had nothing to do with getting
the cost of goods down. It had
everything to do with something called
COVID and the aftermarket after
situation of the CO which created
shortages. And Elon specifically said,
I'm going to raise the prices because
I'm not going to let the middleman get
the the extra profit by buying the cars
cheap and selling them more expensively,
which was happening every single day.
Lots and lots of people were doing that
because the the actual
price that people were willing to pay
was higher than the retail on the
website. So, so that's why we had 10 or
12,000 per car. Now, getting down to
five or five or four might have been a
little low because of what? Oh, COVID
was over and in a boom bust situation,
what happens? Everybody that's got the
car, anybody that wants the car has got
one. So now the price drops and you also
had the $7,500 going away. So all in
all, we're now back to a normal
situation and normal would be probably
around $6,000 a car.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know anyone who would
accuse me of being normal and I'm not
sure what this Corvid has to do with uh
car sales, but I'll believe you. Uh, but
you know, if that was the second biggest
problem, I think this is the biggest
problem. End to s to supercharger fights
once and for all. It's a virtual queue,
Randy. A virtual queue based on the
honor system. Uh, I think this is this
isn't a bad article. Uh, this is just a
little silly, you know. We're having
some fun here. This is fine. you know,
uh I don't know that it's going to save
the world, but there are enough people
who are
honest and ethical that if there is a
virtual queue, uh they would honor it
instead of just jamming their car in
front of you and saying, "Haha, I'm here
first, sucker." Uh what do you think of
this? Good news, bad news, no news.
&gt;&gt; You know, fortunately for me, I've only
been in line at a Tesla charger, I
think, once, no, twice. Santa Monica,
which is probably the busiest charger in
the world. And now they have a second
one. I don't know if that's helped. Uh
and then way out in the middle of
nowhere one time where there was only
like eight charging stations and and so
we had to wait for one person to leave.
Uh so it hasn't really been an issue for
me. Um, I guess the idea is is they want
to they want people to be able to park
someplace other than in back of the cars
that are sitting in the charging
location so that everybody can kind of
move around and and uh not run into
other cars. So, this sounds like
probably a really good idea quite
frankly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there are very few places where
there's a line. I have found one of
those places is the state of Colorado.
their uh chargers get quite busy,
especially in the cities and uh I
imagine that's something they're working
on. Tesla certainly has the data to know
where the next ones should be built.
They do have voting for ones where the
data is insufficient. Hard to know where
to build one if it's a route that no one
travels because there are no chargers.
Let's get the input on that. But in
Colorado, they know they just need more.
Uh so that will help. And uh there was a
bunch of other strategies they've
employed. But you know, enough of that.
Enough of all of this, Randy. I'm sick
of it. I'm out of here. I got uh
probably some uh busy work to do to
catch up from this weekend.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I got I got one last thing. I don't want
the comment column to be just
overflowing with people saying, "But
Randy, but Randy, you talked about your
hit, your win today, but you didn't talk
about your loss today." Because you see,
I also predicted the stock would be at
410 today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's going to get there. I
mean, by the time that people are
watching, maybe it did or maybe it took
till Tuesday, but probably not at this
point. So, you got to you got to take
your wins and your losses, and it would
be unfair for me not to uh describe
both.
&gt;&gt; I appreciate the uh the disclosure, the
honesty there. That is helpful. Um what
I would say is that uh uh I'm super busy
because I've got two big things coming
up. Uh June uh 6th is it? Uh summer
meetup in Moskegan. I'm going to be uh
running the whole speaker panel
presentation setup. Uh so uh that's
going to be a whole lot of excitement
there. Working on that pretty much
non-stop. And July 2nd, 3rd, and fourth,
it looks like I'll be running an info
booth at the uh Long View Go Forth
Festival for the 4th of July, where I
will be answering all kinds of the same
question over and over. Uh but if you're
anywhere near Kalat County, Washington,
swing by a second, third, and fourth,
and say hello, won't you? So guys, what
did we miss? What do you misunderstand?
Beats me, man. But leave it. Leave it. I
beg of you. Everybody else, uh like,
subscribe, do what you do, and stay
tuned. Stay juicy and I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots. Perhaps
even in the comments section on Ry's
channel. I check the comments once in a
while. Even though there's some real
cuckoo cocoa puffs over there once in a
while when the bots get in.
They they'll say things that that don't
even apply that don't make that don't
&gt;&gt; like you clearly didn't watch the video.
You're just beep booping. And uh you
know bots man they're going to
they already outnumber us. What are we
going to do?