Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       This Proves Tesla’s Self-Driving Advantage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qO63ay6bh8
Published:   2026-04-05 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-05 13:53 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's cars aren't just electric
vehicles. They're sentient smart cars.
And the rest of the industry, no matter
how much it looks like they're in the
arena, isn't even close. Elon's post
called Tesla's cars sentient machines.
And the universe immediately proved this
point. A power outage hit San Francisco.
Whimos robot taxis, the ones everyone
calls Tesla's biggest competitor, they
froze, dead in traffic, passengers
trapped inside. On the other side of the
world, BU's robo taxi fleet in China
froze on active highways during a system
outage. Passengers stranded in moving
traffic. You know what Tesla FSE did
during the same outage? It kept driving.
Why? Because Tesla's FSE runs entirely
on the vehicle. No internet, no cloud,
no servers, just cameras and a chip. The
car thinks for itself. That's the
difference. Whimo needs the cloud. BU
needs the cloud. Tesla's intelligence
lives inside the car. That's not a small
distinction. That's the whole game. And
it's not just Wemon BU saying Tesla's
ahead. Ford CEO admitted he hired a
skunk scores team of Formula 1 and Tesla
engineers and their EV to compete with
Model Y and Model 3 won't be ready until
late this year or next. The Uber CEO
said he'd love Tesla's on his platform
and acknowledged the camera only
approach. The competitors aren't
competing. They're acknowledging there's
a difference. Today we'll compare
Tesla's FSD to Whimo BU and what the
Ford and Uber CEOs just said and show
you why the gap is wider than most
realize. Let's get into it. Got Larry
Goldberg joining us today. He's a serial
entrepreneur. Has been an active venture
capital investor for the last decade.
Check out his website at lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Let's start off with uh the latest news
here. We've got Elon. Uh this is 12
years ago. Were you Were you there,
Larry? The Model S?
&gt;&gt; No, I wasn't there. I was not there. But
man, I love that car. It was a beautiful
car and
&gt;&gt; great car. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, the X, you know, the X is very
close to my heart. I had that for like
three years. I did, I don't know, 15,000
miles, 18,000 miles a year in it. Just
gobbled up the miles. That's what really
made me a road, you know. I I mean, I
took to the road with that car and loved
it. Me and my dog and often with my wife
as well. It was very comfortable. It was
very easy. It was a great car. Great
car. Of course, my Cybert truck kind of
&gt;&gt; kind of rules the roost today for me.
&gt;&gt; But man, they great car. Yeah, they were
great cars.
&gt;&gt; This is uh Elon posting this. He said
this was me. I said 12 years. Actually,
it's 14 years ago. Custom orders of the
Tesla Model S and X have come to an end.
You cannot buy these anymore. All that's
left are some in inventory. Apparently,
the Model X is out is gone in inventory
already. We will have an official
ceremony to mark the ending of an era. I
love those cars so much. That's what he
said. This was me. Production launched
14 years ago. He also said this. Model
SNX have a special place in history.
This guy said, "Most people don't
realize how insanely hard it is to
massproduce anything profitably, let
alone design and scale a new
manufacturing process from scratch while
developing a cult following for a
product. Insane load hard." He said,
"Yes, it is." And uh this shows you that
at you know Tesla this is years from
when it was a company was founded and
the Tesla's in red and about what the
ninth year
&gt;&gt; cash flow I think you missed a point her
this is the actual cash flow cumulative
cash flow from the moment the car the
company was founded
&gt;&gt; and you see all those lines going down
below the the x-axis they're losses
they're cumulative ative losses
and then only Tesla of all the pure EV
manufacturers only Tesla turns the
corner and they start going profitable
and look where they are today. Now
it's true that there are only one or two
companies that are older than Tesla in
terms of time
uh and and so you know possibly they can
turn the corner but look how look at
where Rivian is. They've lost tens of
billions of dollars. Tens of billions of
dollars
&gt;&gt; and you know
&gt;&gt; it's incredible. I just it's very hard
to see how they make their way up again.
Very hard to see.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful slide. Elon replied to that
saying it sure is. I want to play a
quick video 14 years ago.
&gt;&gt; So um
what is the Model S uh really all about?
Um
it's it's about breaking a spell.
So the world has been under this
illusion that electric cars cannot be as
good as gasoline cars. That if you have
to go with an electric car, you you're
accepting a a product that's worse. Uh
what the Model S is fundamentally about
is breaking that illusion. It's showing
that that an electric car can in fact be
the best car in the world. That's what
makes it really important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. People just don't realize, you
know, how
revolutionary
the Model S was and and and how it
changed everything. You know, um Motor
Trend, the magazine chose it as their
car of the year in 2013, but then
subsequent to that, several years later,
they said it was the best car or the
most important car of the last 70 years.
So, you know, it's kind of like the car
of the century, the car of the year and
car of the century.
You know, it it changed everything. It
literally changed everything. What I
wanted to talk about today though is
like, you know, people look at a car and
they go, "Oh, it's just another car and
there's competitors to it." But we want
to explore a little bit more about what
they're not exactly the same thing. And
I want to share I want to share that.
So, let's take a look at uh this thing
that just happened. Take a look at what
happened here in San Francisco. Um yet
again, San Francisco had a power outage
and what happened to Whimos. They froze
uh AI drivers as uh he was using FSD
though, the Tesla's FSD. And uh his
family uh was with me telling me the
navigation was wrong. It made no sense.
Turns out it was avoiding all the
blocked intersections. Elon said that
these are sentient machines. So there
was
&gt;&gt; le let's first set the stage. Why were
all those intersections blocked? Because
in the whole of San Francisco there were
bunches and bunches of Whimo stuck in
the middle of intersections. Why were
they stuck in intersections? Because the
internet went down. When the internet
goes down, Whimo, which is plugged into
the internet and being driven by, you
know, data centers
suddenly got to stop dead in case they,
you know, hurt anybody. So if if Whimo
loses connection
with its mothership,
it's dead.
It stops. I mean, how can you run a
system? Tesla
actually gave serious thought to what
they were doing and they decided right
at the outset, this car has to be
completely self-contained, has to live
without being connected.
And so it does. It has, you know, AI4
built in
or AI5 or AI6 or an AI chip does all the
processing on board. Why? Because Tesla
thought about three things. Safety,
sentient ability,
and uses comfort.
I mean, uses
users
confidence in what they were driving.
Yeah, it's taken a bit longer to get
there. Uh they started the journey a
little bit later than Whimo, but my
goodness, what a better landing spot for
Tesla than this.
Internet's down, the data center's down.
Tesla just continues fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the second time that it's
happened in San Francisco for the Whimo
cars. Tesla just keeps driving along
Whimo, like you said, that's got the
infant strips. Same thing though
happened in um BU. So BU in China, same
thing. They had their own system outage
and the robo taxi fleet there in China
froze in the middle of traffic leaving
passengers trapped inside on active
highways. Uh Vib who works at Tesla, she
said Tesla's FSE doesn't require
internet or cell service. All infants
runs locally on the vehicle. So you kind
of said that already, but can you just
explain why can't they do something
similar like this? Why don't they have I
mean I'm sure they have a chip in their
cars too, right? What's what's the
difference? have actually got more
expensive chips in the car, believe it
or not,
but they just don't have the level of
training and the level of AI that Tesla
has. One of the reasons is that they use
a bunch of these liars and radars and
you know in addition to cameras they've
got a huge amount of processing to do
and then they have these very accurate
maps and they guide themselves according
to these extraordinarily accurate maps
and these enormous amount of memory
enormous amount of processing power and
so what do they rely upon? They rely
upon the internet. I'm sure that these
highly detailed maps, huge amount of
that data is being maintained in on the
internet. I mean, I don't know the
architecture at all, but I do know this
that they need to be plugged into the
mothership. This is crazy. This is the
kind of architectural mistakes that I
saw again and again in corporate IT.
People don't think about, you know, the
the the real job. They don't think about
the real thing that they're trying to
achieve. That they think about the
technology they have and they apply that
instead about thinking the problem
they're trying to solve and solve for
that. And that's the difference. You
know, when I said, you know, the Tesla
Model X, Model S was completely just
rewrote the book, I'm not talking just
about the electric part of the car. I'm
talking about the entire concept of what
you're trying to provide the end
customer and that's the hu there's a
world of difference. So when you get in
a Tesla and you put on you know s FSD to
drive you can do it with a high degree
of confidence which you cannot do if
you're driving away mo.
&gt;&gt; Oh so well said Larry. Yeah, when uh
Model S came out, uh one of the things
that sold me beyond the fact that I
won't have to do service on, you know,
hundreds and hundreds of parts that
don't exist that aren't part of it is,
you know, they they sell it direct to
customer. That was a unique thing. And
because it's not their business model to
make the they actually don't want the
car to break down. Other automakers,
they actually want the car make to break
down because they make more money on
service parts of service in the future
than they do in the actual sale. You
see, Herbert, think about what you've
just said.
&gt;&gt; Think about how that part of Tesla's
decision is part of the whole idea of
the product. You know, I've called I I
know Elon has many qualities and and
many good qualities, many bad qual and a
few bad qualities. But one of his
greatest qualities is that he really is
his product management skills. He really
thinks of the whole product. He doesn't
just think of the article itself. He
doesn't think about using that article.
He thinks about,
you know, its role in the world and how
it how it fits that role. And and so
when they came to design a car, one of
the decisions they made is we're going
to give this car intelligence, but we're
also going to make this car part of the
person's life and part of the person's
approach. And so one of the decisions
that came easily to them is exactly what
you said. We don't want this car to be
dependent upon service providers,
third-party service providers who make a
profit out of bad, you know, bad cars.
We want this car to be our
responsibility to that customer. And
it's it it's a contract between us and
the customer to keep that customer
happy. And when it comes to FSZ, Tesla's
still one of maybe there maybe there's a
couple others, but you can't buy a car
today off the lot and then plop it
anywhere and let it drive from address
to address, point to point through FSD,
self-driving. Well, you can't buy a
Whimo and buy do right now.
&gt;&gt; I don't know any car on the road right
now that you can do that. I don't know
any car on the road
&gt;&gt; without internet access, nothing at all
&gt;&gt; other than Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Not one. So, so this is a Chinese
influencer who flew from China to
California and he wanted to experience
Tesla FSE firsthand. His experience, his
impressions. Uh, just a personal
experience Tesla's smart driving and
compared to Huawei smart driving. I'll
skip the detailed process and go
straight to the conclusion. Under normal
weather and road conditions, Tesla's
vision-based routing is first class. I
didn't get to test it in foggy
conditions. In certain scenarios, Tesla
outperforms Huawei. For example, when
activating smart driving, Tesla can
reverse to avoid a vehicle parked on the
left, then go around it and rejoin the
road ahead. Quite impressive. Route
selection capability is also top tier.
It doesn't just follow conventional
routes, but can take shortcuts through
residential roads. Acceleration is crisp
and decisive without hesitation. In
short, Tesla FSE is improving very
quickly. Physically removing the
steering wheel would already present no
real obstacles from his perspective. I
hope China will soon allow Tesla FC to
operate domestically, enabling earlier
adoption of L3 and encouraging
competition with local manufacturers.
Elon said that is accurate. That's uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, I'll turn it off. So
So let me just say, you know, a few
words about that.
The um the the most interesting part of
this conversation is that he did it all
in fine weather and the implications are
what about bad weather? I I'll tell you
a little story now. I haven't told
anybody on online yet. My son came to me
and said, "Look, I have to fly to
Columbus, Ohio from Kerry. He's he he
runs a big company. He runs my old
company." And he said, "And um it takes
I've got to change planes twice. Uh once
on the way there, once on the way back,
and the way airlines are going, I I
don't want to do that. Could I take the
Tesla? Take your Tesla." He he drives an
Audi. We're getting him. This actually,
I think, got him to the right place. So
I said, "Sure, you can take the Model
Y." So he because he loves FSD, he's
driven it twice now. He's excited about
it. So off he drives to I don't know 7
hour, 8 hour drive there.
&gt;&gt; And he texts me what a great drive it
was, how well it went, blah blah blah.
And then uh now he's coming home after
spending, you know, his week there. And
he had a lot of his team join him there
and they had a lot of fun, you know,
using the F. But here's the point. So he
drove home from Ohio, 7-hour drive,
except you have to drive through West
Virginia mountains, right? You know,
it's really, really pretty up and down
and it's around the mountains and so on
so forth. Except it was snowing, heavy,
heavy snow. Came home. Not once did he
take over. Not once.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All through this extremely heavy snow he
said. I couldn't see, but the car didn't
hesitate, so I let it go. So, I mean, in
to to to that Chinese gentleman's point,
yes, it drives perfectly in the bright
blue skies, but I'll tell you what, it's
bad weather capabilities today is
outstanding.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing. I mean, I I drive from
Seattle to Vancouver, Canada quite
often, once every month, every two
months, like that. and I go back and
forth and it's pouring rain, it is
snowing, it is it's everything. I've
done it all and I just let the car go. I
It will complain and say, you know, I
can't see through the right
&gt;&gt; complain camera
&gt;&gt; and but it still drives and I'm just
obviously very careful, but not an
issue. The thing drives better than I do
cuz I'd be so scared cuz I can barely
see. I trust that matter that I have.
&gt;&gt; He dialed it down from normal to
whatever the
&gt;&gt; the old geyser. Yeah. No, he goes went
below.
&gt;&gt; Chill. But anyway. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, uh
uh the Tesla has now got um over 9
billion FSE self-driving supervised that
that hit yesterday. So, there you go. It
finally hit. 9 billion the magic number
that Elon called for
&gt;&gt; 10 10 but but again to be very carefully
accurate you know Elon said he said
something like u you know I think we
need 10 billion of miles but what was he
referring to it could have just been
training right it's just all of us
driving our cars it's already captured
it this is FSE supervised people
actually turning on FSE I'm not sure
that that's what he required but anyways
we're there 9 billion and I think the
estimates people have is that by we we
might get it by this this somewhere in a
in a couple months we might get to 10
billion we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I wanted to share some more
data here from um this person Ben
Shippers and he has access to data
because his test lab app I think and
then um real fleet telemetry data and
what he discovered was by looking at the
people who's paying for FSD not the
trials not the promos not the discounts
but people are paying they're staying
and they're driving using FSE more than
ever that's what he's found organic FSE
subscriber retention the people who you
know who have is at 90% after month one.
Okay, so this is now his base on
October, January, and March. So that's
just three months in a row. The ones who
stay in January, they were using FSE 38%
of the time. Now in March, 44% of the
time. Nearly half of all FSD drives now
complete themselves.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can confirm what he says from my
own behavior. I now use uh FSD
exclusively 100% of the time. My wife's
up from about 65% of the time to close
on 90% of the time. I think 88% of the
time. So, it's it's happening. And I
will tell you that
the one or 2% of the time that I don't
drive myself, that the FSD drives and I
drive myself or that she drive and
drives herself is the beginning and end
of the trips.
Now, right now, my car drives me out of
my garage and then all the way back into
my garage. There's almost never a a
manual takeover. The only time I take
over manually is when I'm not happy with
the parking spot it chooses in a parking
lot. I'm I'll change parking spaces and
that's it.
So, I think that this latest release
14.2.2.5 2.5 has reached a point where
it's changed people's behaviors very
dramatically. That's what I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I'm at 99% now uh of
using FSE supervised, but you know how
you told me that there's a way for me to
trick the car to know how to get into my
drive into my I have a roundy wind
winding driveway and a garage side door.
So, it didn't doesn't never get it
there. It doesn't work. So, I tried to
pin it. didn't work. So, I'm still
struggling with, you know, it not
recognizing my driveway and I still need
to drive it in. So,
&gt;&gt; how far up the driveway does it go up?
&gt;&gt; If if I if I leave, if I if I'm in the
garage and I want to leave the house, it
does it all on its own. It'll back up.
&gt;&gt; Coming back, when does it stop?
&gt;&gt; When it comes in, it doesn't even
recognize the driveway.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it doesn't see.
&gt;&gt; It always drives right by it. Yeah, it
drives right by it. But my garage is on
this side. And so, you know, when it's
driving by,
you know, it needs to go to go around
it. Anyways,
&gt;&gt; I would I would paint white lines.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Around my around the
edge of your drive of your driveway in,
you know, up
&gt;&gt; into the road and on the road. So, use
use that roadway paint and then it'll
solve the problem. Oh, I'm going to do
that and then it'll probably drive in
and then the next thing is to actually
know how to go into the, you know,
garage door open and get in there. So,
we'll see. It did it once.
&gt;&gt; It didn't have a problem with
&gt;&gt; It did it once.
&gt;&gt; Well, if it did it once, it'll do it
again. As long as you
&gt;&gt; No, but it hasn't since then. This like
6 months ago. It actually did it once
and I go, "Okay, it works." And then it
didn't do it again.
&gt;&gt; It may have been because the lighting
was such it recognized the driveway and
and I think it the white lines will
solve that. and then put some white
lines where you want it parked in the
driveway because we've got
&gt;&gt; I'll do that.
&gt;&gt; We've got a a Model Y and a Cyber Truck
in our driveway. So, there's a lot of
stuff going on in that uh sorry, in the
garage. There's a lot of stuff in that
garage, but they park each of those cars
park themselves fine in the garage. And
we have a very uh uh very uh tight turn
into our driveway and then another tight
turn into the garage. So do I.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'll I'll do that
next, Larry. We'll solve this together.
Uh miles driven before a collision. If
you are on Tesla FSD supervised, it's
5.3 miles before collision. But if you
are not using any car without any safety
features, it's uh just regular drivers,
660,000 miles. Elon said, if you want to
know what's really safe or what's not,
just try buying insurance for it. Now,
that's because of Lemonade, who says
that we are Lemonade's willing to reduce
the price by 50% if you're using FSD.
But Tes, some people say, "Hey, I'm on
test insurance and I don't see the price
going down." I've got a a tip for
people. If you're in a state, well, it
doesn't matter what state you're in. I
use All State. Why?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because All State award you discounts
for safe driving. Not not for not having
an accident, but they track your driving
and they track the quality of your
driving
by the data from the car, the speed from
the car, and the data from the car.
Well, I'm just getting discount after
discount after discount since switching
to pure FSD.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So FSD will earn you the discount on all
state.
Wow, that's a great Why hasn't Tesla
insurance doing this? Is something wrong
with their
&gt;&gt; Well, Tesla, I'm sure they I'm sure
they're reinsuring through another
insurer that's traditional reinsurer.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's really hard to get insurers
to move from existing practices.
Anyway, all state figured this out
themselves and it's not to do with
Tesla. It's just to do with safe driving
practices. And what are safe driving
practices? you know, going around a
corner in at at the appropriate speed,
not shoving on the brakes, you know,
inappropriately, not uh accelerating
inappropriately, all all that kind of
stuff, smooth transitions and so on and
so forth and and not shooting past the
car. They test that all through, you
know, very simple uh um u um data and
and so um you know, I'm already earning
dollars back from my FSD.
Yeah, Jeff Lutz has reported that he
uses Tesla FSD ins Tesla insurance in
Chicago and that as he started using FSD
99% his insurance fell to the point that
it pays for the cost of the FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, that's really good. Well, my
my
&gt;&gt; noticed that a year ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my FSD is paying for itself and I
don't use Tesla insurance.
&gt;&gt; This is what the Ford CEO recently just
said. Um, and I'm just worried about
these guys. I mean, great that they have
this skunks project. Yes, they're going
to about to launch a new all-electric
vehicle, but it's kind of too late by
the time this launches. Uh, then the
next game is going to be all about FSD.
&gt;&gt; Also have e-revs for towing. uh we'll
have an allectric affordable uh vehicle
to compete with Model Y and Model 3. Uh
I think there's really nothing else on
like it on the market for these new
vehicles coming out from Ford. We really
started a a skunk works team in
California four years ago. They were
basically Formula 1 and Tesla people.
You know, my badge didn't even work in
the building. And that that vehicle is
radically different.
&gt;&gt; Oh, cool.
&gt;&gt; Um engineering I'm really excited to
show everyone, you know, later this
year, maybe next year. and it'll be
coming out next year. Um, so yeah,
that's how I see it.
&gt;&gt; Comes out next year by then.
&gt;&gt; You know, this guy could have saved
himself so much money,
&gt;&gt; so much money if he just gone to Elon
four years ago, five years ago. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And said, "Listen, Elon, I want to do
what you're doing. Can you?" Elon would
have been very and and indicated he
would be very happy. I I tried to tell
him online, listen, go and talk to Elon.
I tried.
He would have saved himself $13 billion,
which Ford does not have to waste, I
want to tell you. And he could have been
where he is now. He could have been
three years ago, four years ago. What a
dummy. But they're all dummies. that
whole industry is, you know, it's like
&gt;&gt; the world of dummies.
&gt;&gt; You know, he's coming out with something
that's as good as the wire of the three.
&gt;&gt; I got news for you.
&gt;&gt; The world has moved on.
That's my
&gt;&gt; you know the Cyber Cab is going to
change everything about manufacturing
cars and the next models that come from
Tesla are going to be oh my god what how
did we miss this
&gt;&gt; you know the most important thing is is
is self-driving and does it have
self-driving
uh let's listen to the Uber CEO
&gt;&gt; does it have self driving with vision
&gt;&gt; right Uber CEO still believes he wants
to partner with Tesla he's begging with
always brings up Tesla every time he's
on a an interview
&gt;&gt; uh and by 2029
uh we think that we will facilitate more
autonomous and robo taxi rise than
anyone else in the world.
&gt;&gt; Mason, do you ever think Elon would come
on on platform or is he just I'm doing
it all on my own? He doesn't play well
with others usually.
&gt;&gt; You know, his I I think Elon's approach
typically has been a vertical approach,
right? They even own their own refinery.
Um, again, when when the day comes, when
the day comes when those Teslas are safe
with a camera only approach, we'd love
to have those Teslas on our platform as
well. We've got uh tens of thousands of
Teslas on our platform now. And some of
our drivers use FSD. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh so we've got a lot of data. It's a
great car. It's a safe car. Uh we'd love
to work with them as to whether we will
or will not is TBD, but there are plenty
of other partners in the space. Uh, and
we think there are going to be many,
many winners.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I've always uh advocated
um that Uber should work with Tesla.
Now, the question is, should Tesla work
with Uber? And I'm going to give you a
surprising answer. Yes, they should.
&gt;&gt; And here's the reason why.
&gt;&gt; Tesla are going to be manufacturing a
boatload. I was going to use the term
shitload, but it's not a it's a vulgar
term. I wouldn't use that term online.
So, they're going to be manufacturing a
boatload,
a huge quantity of cyber cabs, more than
they can probably put fill in fill the
fleet out. Why not sell to Uber? Why
not?
&gt;&gt; They make money.
&gt;&gt; Why is Uber not like I think they
announced I can't remember now 20 25
billion or is it two billion? I don't
know the magnitude of buybacks and Jason
Kalcanis himself said who's an investor
in Uber said why are you guys doing that
use that money buy Teslas and put it in
and be the shepherd be the right the you
know the manager fleet manager maybe
that's the way that they should have
done it and maybe that will happen but
it doesn't sound like it from listening
to him on you know an interview today
&gt;&gt; well it hasn't been it hasn't been uh
Uber's strategy to own cars I I I mean
that's not entirely true. I I guess they
have got some fleet ownerships where
they rent out to drivers or or they
finance drivers to to rent them. So they
functionally own those cars.
&gt;&gt; So they probably own quite a boatload of
of Teslas along with every I think
Tesla's one of their most prolific makes
and that's a guess from me. I don't know
that for a fact. Um
so you know I I think that they already
own a fair number of uh you know I I AI
AI4 pro uh processor based cars which
can be used you know in the shepherd
mode. Um those drivers would far prefer
to the car to drive itself than they
drive it. Um so for all we know they
will be acquiring cars. The real issue
is not whether they're acquiring Tesla
AI4 cars. The real question is can they
get their hands on cyber cabs because
cyber cabs are the magic bullet. Cyber
cab really is the car that takes the
cost down from you know a$150 a mile to
25 cents a mile. That that's the magic
bullet. Look, I've done some analysis.
Arc's done some analysis and I've got
several I've got analysis from several
several other analysts not not not the
least of which is CERN Basher whose
numbers I really trust. Um there's no
doubt that the cyber cab brings a huge
change but here's Uber's problem.
Their weak link is
in the back office. Not the back office
is in the service mode.
They don't have the service facilities
on a global basis to manage large fleets
of electric cars. And if they think
that's going to going to be automatic,
they're wrong.
Now the Tesla Cyber Cab even the Y is
designed for automagic
but particularly the Cy the Cyber Cab
and Automagic services and those
automagic services are very distinctly
and specifically Teslas.
So you can't just take existing Teslas
and make them into a shepherded
community of cars. You can't do that. I
I mean you can but it economically it's
not is not viable from a from a pure you
know competitive position.
So Darra really needs to get with a
program. Now I'm not saying he's not
with a program. I'm not saying he
doesn't understand everything I've said.
I'm not saying he's not even further
ahead in thinking that higher and he
wouldn't put that on he wouldn't put
that out publicly. and I have a lot of
uh respect for his in his noose, his his
sense of how to run a business. So, I'm
not going to sit here and criticize him.
I'm just saying that's not evident at
this point.
&gt;&gt; No, you're right. Yeah, we'll see what
he pulls out of the bag, if he is going
to pull anything out of the bag. So far,
Tesla says we're going to have our own
app. They're clearly building their own
app. I don't think they're going to have
a problem getting demand uh even as they
expand globally.
And then they have X. Did you know what
happened with what's uh WhatsApp? Yeah.
WhatsApp. WhatsApp in China integrated a
robo taxi service right into the app.
And that's what X is going to do.
Integrate a robo taxi service right in
the app. There's no issue with getting
people have access to this. And like you
don't have to even download another app.
It's just right there as a new tab. You
know, record, you know, Halo Robbo taxi.
Thank you so much, Larry. It was a great
conversation. You have tremendous
knowledge. We got talked about the Model
S. We talked about uh you know the
inference chip that allows Tesla's cars
not to lose their intelligence without
internet. You got the Uber CEO. You got
the Ford CEO. It's a totally different
game that Tesla's playing. Follow uh
Larry on his website at lumisenti.com.
Thanks everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbertalm.com.