Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       The DARK TRUTH Behind The AI Stock Selloff (Tesla, MU, SpaceX, NVDIA)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Su5YYRmIhxc
Published:   2026-07-20 21:03 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-20 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We live in interesting times. And as you
probably know, this is a Chinese curse.
It's not a good thing to live in
interesting times. At least from the
perspective of the Chinese, who are a
very ancient and wise culture. And they
have reasons to believe that interesting
times are bad times. In China, you get a
premium for safety and security because
they have been through so many uncertain
times and they don't like it. Now, we
live in very interesting times. This is
not a video on China. I just used that
quote to point out how interesting our
times are. And in today's video, we are
going to talk about Tesla. We are going
to talk about the greater market
outlook. We are going to talk about the
problems with stocks like Micron and
other semiconductor stocks including
Nvidia.
And we are trying to make sense of
what's actually happening right now with
the stocks we like so much, our AI
stocks.
So starting with Tesla, we see amazing
levels of cyber caps being churned out
every day. Now there's a big debate and
I have a white pill. I'm starting with a
white pill and I'm ending with a black
pill and maybe another white pill in the
end, but I'm starting with a white pill.
The debate is will Tesla get delayed
again? Is Cyber Cap just an illusion? Is
Elon going to miss all these deadlines
again? Are we here in 5 years and still
no roll out? And I've been very clear
when you look at the facts. I've been
clear for a year now that I'm very
bullish that we will see thousands and
thousands and thousands of unsupervised
Teslas driving around passengers very
soon. And I'm sticking to my initial
projection that we will have between 10
and 20,000
unsupervised robo taxis. Not by 2030, as
Morgan Stanley implies. Morgan Stanley
thinks 30,000 by 2030. I'm saying
15,000. this year.
I might be off by a month or two, but I
do not think so. And even if, let it be
Q1 2027, the fact is Cyber Cap is being
produced on Mars right now. And we see
this happening.
I'm convinced this is happening.
Now, that was the white pill. And we see
all these signs all over X that we
actually have that coming. We see
engineering tests of the first
production cyber cap. We see all these.
Yesterday in the live stream, we looked
close into these and see they actually
don't have steering wheels. Everyone's
talking about steering wheels. There are
no steering wheels. These are fully
autonomous cyber caps as we know. They
are produced right now. So this is
happening. I'm not going to go into more
details here.
But now comes a black pill. Why this
might not help the stock much? The stock
is not doing great on Monday. The stock
is actually sliding down into the 370
area before earnings.
And I want to give you guys my take on
what is actually happening here. And my
take is that this is actually not and
has nothing to do with any projections I
made for Tesla or other people made. I
think Tesla is actually now delivering.
I think Tesla is doing exactly what we
expected it what the bulls expected
Tesla to do. I think the debate about
Tesla missing again and failing to
deliver robo taxi is the wrong story
because they do not fail and they are
delivering it. Maybe they are late.
Maybe people are frustrated but forget
it. In six months from now they will
have delivered and in 2027 they are
going to scale to hundreds of thousands
of cyber caps.
The problem is a very different one. The
problem is even if Tesla does so, we
might have a problem and that problem
for shareholders has not much to do with
Tesla not delivering. It has to do with
the general state of the market.
And the general state of the market
right now is something that I call an
inverse bubble. People talk about the AI
bubble. I think when you look at the
facts, I just saw a very dumb video,
some of these visual explanatory videos
that get a lot of views on YouTube, very
professionally produced, and they
compared the current so-called AI bubble
with the com bubble and draw all these
parallels.
They were talking about how Cisco went
through the roof, okay? went up 10 20
times, became nearly the largest company
for a short period of time. And they
said it's the same with Nvidia right
now. Okay, let that sink in. They said
it's the same with Nvidia right now. And
then they said literally Cisco, a giant
company, was trading at 120 times
earnings
at the peak. And this is like Nvidia.
This is why it's like Nvidia. These
people don't seem to understand that
Nvidia trades at the lowest valuation we
have seen in a very long time under 20
at around 17 forward price earnings.
So the argument we are in a bubble is
actually highly idiotic. We are at the
opposite of a bubble. We are in a period
where companies wreaking in
hundreds of billions in cash, tens of
billions in additional earnings,
growing their earnings above 100% a
year, and are trading at the lowest
price earnings ratios we have ever seen.
That is very weird. And I will get to
this in a second why that might be. But
what does it mean for Tesla? It means
the following. Maybe you followed
Micron. Let's go to Micron
for a second.
Just new Micron news. Micron is the HDM
RAM company or they do all kinds of RAM.
They're US-based. There's second largest
manufacturer of RAM that is needed in
high-end AI chips after SKH Highix, the
Koreans. So SKHenix is the biggest and
then Micron and then Samsung. These
three have 90% market share for this
important RAM. The RAM that fuels all
these chips. Nvidia, AMD, everyone needs
them. Probably even Tesla and the Terra
app. Everyone needs that. These chips,
these RAM chips is very high bandwidth
chips, HTM. And no one can manufacture
that stuff. It's extremely difficult to
manufacture. Only these companies can do
it. No competition at the horizon, not
even in China. So that is Micron.
And UBS just said Micron could
repurchase more than 40% of its shares
by the end of 2028. That is very soon.
That's like in 30 months
once it's buyback restriction expires in
December 2026. So they have a buyback
restriction. They're not allowed to buy
a lot of their shares back, but that
expires December of this year. The firm,
meaning the Union Bank of Switzerland,
expects Micron to generate over 400
billion,
just think about that number, $400
billion in free cash flow through 2028,
which could fund the repurchase at
current prices. That company trades at 1
trillion right now. It's generating not
even earnings. It's generating free cash
flow of $400 billion
in the next 30 months. Just think about
that. They're earning in free cash flow
40% of their entire market cap just in
the next two and a half years.
You know, if that doesn't tell you
anything, it's completely nuts. This is
the extreme opposite of a bubble when it
comes to their stock price. It's the
lowest valuations we have ever seen for
hyper growth companies.
It's ridiculous. Micron trades close to
six price earnings right now. Six six
times earnings, but it grows the
earnings above 100% a year. Now, why is
that a problem for Tesla? It is a
problem for Tesla because when you
compare Tesla to Micron, when you
actually would put them on par and say,
well, Micron is an amazing technology
company. They have cornered the market.
They produce these RAM pieces that where
there's infinite demand for the
foreseeable future because no one can
manufacture it. Demand for chips is
going through the roof and all
projections now more and more our own
Pioneer Lens and Pioneer Alpha
projections show that we will be under
supplied on chips and of course RAM all
the way to 2030
even in the best case and potentially
much longer. Other firms like Morgan
Stanley and others say the same thing.
UBS, they're all saying the same thing.
We are not getting out of that supply
crunch because the demand is insane.
Now, if we if we would actually compare
that, okay, and now comes the giant
black pill from a Tesla perspective.
If you compare these two companies and
would apply Micron Technologies
valuation logic to Tesla, I just tweeted
this today.
I will give you a giant black pill. If
Tesla would deploy 2 million robo taxis
this year by December, not 15,000 as I
predict where most people think I'm
crazy. Let's assume they deploy 2
million robo [clears throat] taxis this
year. And they're making roughly 100
billion in earnings with that. 50,000
per robo taxi is our prediction at
scale. 50,000 in earnings. Maybe it's 40
between 40 and 50,000 earnings per robo
taxi. Assuming no competition, which is
not there is no competition at the
horizon for robo taxi at scale,
they would make a hundred billion
dollars in additional earnings, which is
roughly 20 times of what they make now.
25 times. So, okay, that's a lot of
money. 2 million robo taxis this year
and would be on track of growing that to
4 million 100% growth by 2027 to $200
billion in earnings.
Now comes the black pill. If you apply
micron valuation logics to that the
market in a response to that that Elon
walks out of the door and says surprise
we deploying 2 million robo taxis and
next year we deploying 4 million robo
taxis
and the market would react to it as they
react to micron right now they would
sell off Tesla stock and drop it to 350
to $360 a share from 370 to 1 trillion.
Let that sink in. Okay, let that sink
in. That is happening right now. That's
the level of madness we are seeing right
now. Hey, on this channel, we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video.
Of course, I'm also continuing. the
market would likely give Tesla a higher
valuation, a much higher valuation
because robo taxi scales more
uncontested and is not subject to
potential price crashes and over supply
issues that are projected into Micron.
But realistically, neither is Micron in
the next two years. So the market is
being irrational on Micron. They are
saying, well, they're making a total
killing. They're growing their free cash
of 1 billion, but maybe maybe at some
point it stops and therefore we are not
buying this stock.
Well, you can to you can say that with
Tesla the same way. You can say, well,
you're deploying 2 million robo taxes
this year, 4 million next year, 8
million the year after, but what happens
if then if then you only sell, you know,
if you only grow the fleet from 8
million to 10 million the year after.
So, we can't we can't buy your stock.
So, you understand what I mean? We have
to understand when markets are in
bubbles, there's something called
irrational exuberance. pets.com,
you're putting billions of dollars of
market cap on a stupid stock that has no
earnings.
The same is true in what we see right
now, inverse bubbles, where everything
is negative, regardless how positive it
is. You can go into the market and say,
"Look, I have an ice cream stand." The
ice cream stand makes
$1,000 a day because, you know, there
are all these kids working on the ice
cream. $1,000 a day. This ice cream
stand makes $300,000 profit a year
and I want to sell it to you for 900,000
bucks for a three price earnings ratio
and in three years you make your money
back.
The market right now is going to say,
"No way. I'm not going to pay 900,000
for a $300,000 earnings ice cream stand.
I pay you
350,000
34 450,000. I want all my money back
that I'm buying this ice cream stand for
in 18 months because why not?
And there's no argument against that, by
the way. There is no argument when it
comes to valuations. You have no
arguments. Valuations are that's the end
point of decision-m. If the market
decides, you know what, we don't give
anyone any valuation anymore. We just
want our money back immediately. If I
pay you a billion dollars for the
company, I expect profits to roll in $1
billion in profits within 12 months
because that's what I want. If everyone
has that attitude, that's where the
price goes. If they say, well, I expect
to pay a billion dollars and I want this
billion dollars back in earnings in a
thousand years. I pay you a 1,000 price
earnings ratio. Then that's what it is.
That's what we have to understand. When
the market wants to go go nuts, it goes
nuts.
And that's exactly what's happening
right now. Now, one last commentary. Why
I think this is happening?
Why is the market so irrational right
now? Why is the market completely
dumping prices like a crazy person? Is
that just an AI bubble talk, panic talk
that's irrational like we saw in
November? some bubble talk or a deepseek
moment where the market's just idiotic,
stupid and sees, oh, deepseek is coming
out. Maybe now that AI and intelligence
gets cheaper and people won't use chips
anymore. The dumbest reaction I've ever
seen. I bought Nvidia like crazy. Of
course, it bounced back because people
realize cheaper intelligence means more
sales. Devons paradox and stuff like
that. Are we in a moment like that? Is
it just another AI bubble talk thing
that drops the prices right now of
everything that is high growth and AI
driven or is it something else?
And I will do another video on that this
week. It's very important a deeper video
that looks deeper into the real macro
situation macro psychology
that is haunting the world right now.
And I realized this more and more over
the last few weeks. I was of course
doing Tesla and Pioneer Alpha, but I was
also working on the Pioneer Academy and
with our analysts looking at the world
at large and projecting out the next
five years, the next five years of AI
transformation on a macro level. What
happens to jobs? When do we actually hit
human equivalency for digital workers?
Very soon. When do we reach effectively
economic AGI? Not real AGI but economic
AGI where we can replace all jobs
very soon. What happens then? What are
the new bottlenecks? What's the role of
reality engineers and pioneers? What
what's the role of new education? And
what happens to the fiscal health of our
countries? What happens to elections?
And the fact that we are getting now
into the hot phase of the singularity,
the hot phase. That's why micron goes
through the roof. That's why Tesla
suddenly can deploy robo taxis. That's
why Nvidia goes through the roof. But
what does it mean for the world? And the
more you think about that, the more you
realize to go back to the beginning of
this video, it means we live in the most
interesting times in the history of
humanity by far. And that is not a good
thing for the markets because the
markets think there is an event horizon.
In case you're familiar with that term,
the event horizon is the horizon.
Beyond that you cannot see. It comes
from black holes and time being bent and
stuff like that time and space. So it is
basically a point in time where you have
no visibility beyond.
And the problem is that event horizon is
now extremely close. It's around 2028
and 2029 where we lose our ability to
look beyond that because the level of
disruption we're going to see from AI
are going to be so enormous on our
countries and politics and economics,
fiscal health and then trickling and
exploding all across the stock market
into all these stocks that there is an
enormous level of uncertainty. There's
some good news in there, a lot of good
news that it's out of question that
profits will absolutely skyrocket for
most companies. It is also very clear
that companies like Micron, Nvidia, AMD,
the hyperscalers will re reap enormous
benefits. It's also clear that Optimus
and Tesla will be absolutely enormous.
SpaceX will be probably the ultimate
winner. All this is clear and I don't
think the market disagrees with that.
But the market says, "You know what,
Joe? I believe all that stuff because
it's clear."
But what happens to the stock exchanges?
What happens to New York City? What
happens to DC? What happens to the
United States? What happens to Europe?
What happens to Germany? What happens to
China?
And the answer is very clear. We don't
know.
And that is very scary. We are talking
about a destabilization
on an absolutely massive scale.
We saw the first little blinks and
glimpses of that with Fable being shut
down with soul being shut down. The
discussion now with Kimmy K3 and the US
government having debates if they shut
down the Chinese models. That's the
latest talk today by the way.
This is getting unstable and it's
getting scary. And if markets don't like
something, it is being scared and seeing
event horizons and unpredictability.
Even if everyone would agree that very
likely the net effect will be enormously
positive, especially for stocks like the
hyperscalers and Nvidia and the
semiconductors and Micron and Tesla and
SpaceX.
But the uncertainty on the macro level
is overriding that. And everyone who
knows markets knows that this is true.
If you tell markets you will have
tremendous upside and the golden age is
coming only that there might be civil
war in between the market is not going
to increase. The market is going to sell
off.
So that's what I believe
is going to be the paradigm that's going
to haunt us for the next foreseeable
months maybe the next years because it's
just a fact. And our job here at Pioneer
Alpha, at Pioneer Lenses, maybe we can
contribute to more clarity.
But that clarity will can only come if
we are doing our job and being good
quantitative analysts and economists and
political forecasters. Sometimes people
criticize me that I am also commenting
on things like Iran, sometimes Russia
and Ukraine. We have to
we are getting into a phase where you
need to understand everything because if
you don't understand everything you
don't understand anything because now
things get extremely connected and at
the heart of that is not Russia it's not
Putin it's not Trump the heart of that
is AGI and the disruption that it's
going to trigger that will reshuffle the
entire political and economic landscape
of the world. It is time to really dig
deep into that. So we can get prepared
individually and we can get prepared as
the pioneers in pioneer land and we can
get prepared as Tesla investors, micro
investors, Nvidia investors and
hopefully as a capital and investment
community
because if we don't get prepared, if we
don't understand what's happening, the
uncertainty will just skyrocket. the
markets will get increasingly irritated
and with an decreased horizon
the fantasy decreases and price earnings
compress across the board. That is my
prediction.
So let's make sure we have clarity on
that. Let's keep expanding as a channel
as a community. Let's connect to other
people from smart analysts like Adam
Jonas, Dan Ies, Kathy Woods to other
YouTubers. We it's our job to create
this clarity for ourselves and for
everyone otherwise this is going to get
worse. That's my prediction. So sorry I
was a little more macro in this video
but it was very important and I hope
that was interesting. More to come very
soon.
Thanks so much.