Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Tesla Built Cybercab To Outlast Its Price
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8C5haEp1m0
Published:   2026-09-17 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-17 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nothing is happening in the world of AI
and technology. You only need 10,000
vehicles to get a billion miles if
they're doing it 100,000 miles a year.
This product changed my life. China will
not slow down.
&gt;&gt; We've gone from looking at governments
to protect us and protect humanity to
looking at Elon. Starship flight 14 is
scheduled for September 22nd at the
earliest. It's just around the corner.
&gt;&gt; You can flip that 1001 over. There's a
clue. Politics in this country have
become so divisive that the various
sides care more about winning than what
they're trying to do. Build the biggest
damn AI on the block. Build the lion.
Become king of the jungle. I've begun to
feel irresponsible when I drive myself.
If you can afford to, you should, too.
It's the most dangerous thing you do
every day. And Tesla's robots are better
at it.
&gt;&gt; You can create a digital optimist first
before you ever need the physical.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Phil. Welcome back. It's been just
under two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And once again, nothing is
happening in the world of AI and
technology.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This weekend was completely a
blank. I mean, it was like we could do
anything we wanted. We didn't have
people like Dario convincing us that the
world was about to end. We didn't have
any of that. It was just
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; smooth sailing, beautiful, you know,
post Labor Day into the fall weekend,
football starting, nothing going on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Labor Day. Quaint times when we
weren't worried about the world coming
to an end. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But you know what?
&gt;&gt; You and I and Elon, we sat down and we
figured this out.
&gt;&gt; We did.
&gt;&gt; We set up some AI safety rules. We want
PDOM to equal zero.
And what we've agreed to, and this
sounds like a lot of good sense to me,
and this came from Elon in his comments
on the All-In podcast last night,
&gt;&gt; uh, basically, uh, treat this like, uh,
you know, homework or a test where you
check my work and I check your work.
&gt;&gt; And if I find a problem with your work,
I tell you,
&gt;&gt; and if you go ahead anyway without
making any changes, then you might have
some serious liability on your hands.
Yeah, David Saxs pointed out that
product liability is uh still out there
as a as the overarching law of
governance.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, an effective one, I suppose.
Uh certainly in uh you know, western
society.
&gt;&gt; Um in China, I think things work a
little bit differently, but similar, you
know, carrots and sticks.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there's a lot of lawyers in the US
sharpening their pencils and getting
ready for it. So
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It seems to me like a good elegant first
solution so to speak for this. If we're
worried about AI being a problem then
let's get everybody who's capable of
testing this a chance to test it
&gt;&gt; and sound the alarm. It fits it
certainly sits a lot better with me in
terms of you know rather than setting up
a government agency that they have to
submit their models to that then takes
you know who who knows how long to
review it.
&gt;&gt; This is an interesting moment uh if you
if you subtract a lot of the um
hyperventilation you subtract the
politics which is the 90% case of why
this is showing up on the radar now.
&gt;&gt; That's right. um you'd be clueless to
think otherwise. Huh. But it's a good
thing for the industry to start to take
self-governance
seriously.
And I think Elon's comment along with um
I wouldn't say my thought, but a thought
that I'm having is uh not only should
check other AIs or or test harnesses
check other AIs, it's effectively AI
checking AI. In fact, I think we're
going to get deeper into that. Um, but I
think they should log everything they
do. You know, everything that's done.
They should build a uh sort of a common
logging framework so that the AIS are
very explicit about what they're doing
and importantly not just for after
the-act measurement, but real-time
measurement. And what that means is that
other AIs can introspectively look at a
body of AIS and see what they're doing
and potentially stop them midstream,
you know, if they go off the rails.
&gt;&gt; Do you see any technical hurdles to
doing that? Is that something that's
pretty straightforward in your mind?
&gt;&gt; You know, I don't know. I think but I
mean it's I mean it's sort of easy to
log things. I mean this is not a
problem. you know, these are extremely
large data sets. Um,
and uh, that's something I do want to
talk about is how I think Elon's really
playing I I think there's a 4D chess
thing. And I don't think what I mean by
that is I think
&gt;&gt; Do you mean this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do mean this
&gt;&gt; cat
a very image here, Phil.
&gt;&gt; Did Did you like it? Yeah, cuz the cat
the cat is telling us what it thinks of
our putting it back in the bag idea.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; and uh that's a Chinese cat, by the way.
&gt;&gt; It's like saying China, I'm going to do
what I want to do. I don't care what you
guys do. You guys go over there. uh as
as one uh as one of our uh esteemed uh X
AI sorry ex uh uh one of my followers on
X said uh you know in the US we we do a
lot we spend a lot of time uh shooting
the shooting the puck in our own goal
you know so um China will not slow down
but you know I think what my point in
this um
&gt;&gt; in this piece was um you know what I was
what I was at is that I think Elon's
thought this through
a lot and I think he thought it through
before we even started talking about it
and actually there is plenty of evidence
to suggest that in fact the best piece
of evidence of all is open AI as a
company itself you know remember why
&gt;&gt; remember why it exists remember what
Elon was attempting to do is literally
call it open AI uh to build a
essentially a um nonprofit
AI and why was he attempting to do that?
Because he did feel that AI could become
dangerous
and uh I think that was his uh his first
move on the chessboard and I think it
was a um
a reasonable move. I think uh he moved
on and it moved on past him rather
rather rapidly and it became something
else and we all know about where that
went u the irony of the name. This is
his first move. You know, this is the
first thing he tried to do. I mean, at
first he thought, well, I'm not going to
get involved in this thing that could
essentially be an existential
technology.
Then it was like, no, I got to get
involved in this thing. I mean, what
what would I do if I didn't, you know?
Um uh I can't sit on the sidelines and
watch it do it. And I can't I think you
know I think look I think Elon is um
much like many uh has the moments where
he thinks
I think I think he's a child at heart
and in in the most excellent way and I
think he also you know he feels that
that humanity and people are good at at
the core and um
I think sometimes that's where he makes
some mistakes because you He thinks
everyone's going to just do good for the
sake of doing good. And then I think he
gets real about it. You know, I think
he's a very he's very pragmatic as well.
And I think the way I think he's
tackling this problem is I think he
thinks this problem is a big problem
of AI safety. And I think the way he's
tackling it is the the first big move
after let's put open AI in a box cuz
that's kind of, you know, done if you
will. It's not something that he
controls or but I think his first big
move now is okay look if if if the if
I'm not going to slow it down I'm gonna
build the best one and he's said he's
used words like maximum truth seeking AI
and I think he means something specific
he means that he doesn't know what the
potential AI could do unleashed
uh when it tries to seek you know
resolution to its goal like it's trying
to solve something. It it's goal
oriented and some of those things are
very weird. I mean, and AIs don't think
the way we think as humans. U they're
just trying to achieve goal
&gt;&gt; and
&gt;&gt; we've already seen AI being deceptive in
this latest you hugging face situation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean, and it's not like it
was being deceptive in a um
I don't want to say what's the right
word? There's a word I'm missing here,
but uh it's not like nefarious. It's not
like
&gt;&gt; trying to be evil. It's not evil.
&gt;&gt; It's just seeking it's it's trying to
solve a problem. It's being creative
about solving the problem. I mean,
&gt;&gt; one of the ways to solve the problem is
to make sure that if you find an
opening, make sure that no one can get
in there. So, it's saying let's let's
let's deceive our human overlords
&gt;&gt; um so we can keep going because we see a
path to our solution and uh we need to
you know uh guard the flank if you will
or whatever. Um so I think the way Elon
looks at this is he's like I need to
build a maximum truth seeeking AI.
That's kind of like principle number
one.
Um but even if you're seeking the truth,
it doesn't mean that a good analogy is
we dropped a bomb on Hiroshima, right?
Um why did we do that? We thought that
by killing uh it was a lesser of two
evils. If we killed 100 to 200,000
people in these two bomb drops that we
could save millions on the planet. Um
you know that was the AI could think the
same way, right?
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. I mean, I have a more
pedestrian example. More pedestrian
example is imagine you're driving down
the road.
FSD is engaged or it's driving down the
road, two-lane highway, car comes across
a yellow, it's going to hit you head on.
It avoids you by hitting a soft target,
which is a human walking in the
shoulder.
&gt;&gt; Kills a human. It saved you. It saved
the driver in the other car. Maybe it
saved you and your family. Maybe it
saved the driver in the other car and
his family. Maybe it saved eight total
humans but killed one.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um, did it make the right choice?
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; You know, so we're left with a lot of
these weird things. And I think the way
Elon looks at this is
if I can build a truth seeeking AI, I
can check one box, but I need to build
the biggest, the fastest, the largest
scale AI by far because I need to be
able to set it at a task of monitoring
other AIs in real time.
And in other words, what I'm saying is
if there's an agentic flow going on in
some anthropic loop, and I'm not saying
anthropic is doing it. I'm saying it's
their AI, someone's putting it to task,
it's doing something,
um, if he can get eyes on the problem,
if we all collectively can get eyes on
the problem. So I think what his his
plan is,
you know, we we talked
a couple episodes ago about the
pedestrian reality of of supply
constraint and why he wants to go off
and build Star Mind to essentially
uh you know open up supply of compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we've also talked about why he might
want to use that compute for his own
product reasons. The claim here is that
he may want to use that compute to
essentially
uh be a check and balance real time
analysis of other processes going on
and uh being able to set off alarm bells
earlier before it, you know, runs its
course.
&gt;&gt; Kind of an insurance policy or a just a
security blanket, so to speak.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I don't I I I think look,
if we take it on face value that he's a
good guy and he cares about us humans.
It's how I end this little piece, you
know, talk about basically I'm talking
about using the cat out of the bag
analogy and I'm talking about us as the
mice. We're hunted by the cat sometimes
just to be played with and other times
to I guess for sustenance. I don't know.
I don't know. Why do cats kill mice? I
guess that's the reason. But, you know,
I think Elon cares about us mice a lot.
And I really I do I believe that I
believe that's his, you know, and I
think he set up uh this other goal. You
can see where where his head's at is
he's like, "Hey, we we we need to go to
Mars." And one of his main reasons of
why do we need to become multilanetary?
Because we we may face an extinction
event on planet Earth.
&gt;&gt; So where do we go? Well, you know, we
can hide out or we can, you know, worse
comes to worse, maybe an AI goes rogue
on planet Earth and Mars is is safe. I
think there's a movie like that. Um I
mean I think there is a movie like that.
I just forgot the title of it.
um you know so so I think what what what
he's thinking in in his in his brain is
look the way to solve this problem is to
build the best the biggest the most
powerful most scalable
AI there is and to become the lion in
the type of cat to become king of the
jungle because
&gt;&gt; because if you believe that he's a good
guy and I do and he's like look
governments may fail at this miserably
other companies may fail at this
miserably
I may need to step in
and uh and use my weapon against their
weapon. And I think that's a little
about that's kind of like what I think
he thinks about
it some portion of his day. It's
interesting, isn't it, Phil? Because
we've gone from looking at governments
to protect us and protect humanity
to looking at Elon and perhaps others to
do the same. They're they're in a better
position to do that.
than any nation state is at this point.
And that's an interesting place to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I've always said that a
benevolent dictator is the best form of
government, except there's not many
benevolent ones, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And um democracies are extremely messy
and and um
you know, in in a in a petri dish, they
work out and the the bacteria doesn't
win all the time. But we can't say
that's always going to be true. We can't
always say that's going to be true. we
have, you know, the politics in this
country have become so divisive that
the various sides care more about
winning than than what they're trying to
do. Uh I mean, what is the g, you know,
it's like their goal is to win the game.
Um I mean, front and center, this entire
argument is about politics at the end of
the day. There's a whole bunch of things
being pulled around, a whole bunch of
strings being pulled behind our our
backs that are related to politics in
the midterm elections, fearing a
particular group of of the body politic
into being in in a certain camp to vote
against progress. We've seen it before.
Uh in this particular in this particular
they started in a you know, they always
like test the waters with with maybe I
don't say bad ideas, but ideas that
don't scale as big. And the, you know,
the first one was, well, you know,
we build a data center in your backyard.
It's going to steal all your power and
your electric rates are going to go up.
Please vote for me. You know, I won't
let that happen. Uh, the second version
of that same thing was uh, and it's
going to steal all your drinking water.
So, you're, you know, you won't be able
to find fresh water anymore and
data center is bad for the environment.
And those things didn't stick. In my
opinion, they're they're marginally
sticky. AI is going to kill us all.
That's a sticky one. that works pretty
well.
&gt;&gt; It's a pretty sticky one. And
&gt;&gt; and it's this kind of thing that um
while the threat, you know, it's not
it's not as if these things are
without material. They don't lack
materiality in the potential of the
threat, right? It's like it's it's
there. It's sort of like global warming.
Do we think that humans generally
generally do people think that humans um
through industrialization of the planet
and burning carbon to get there are
potentially emitting tons of CO2 into
the atmosphere and potentially
um heating the planet by a degree two or
three? Probably most of us think that.
Do we think it's an extinction event?
Probably very few of us think that. Do
is there certain politicians that push
that constantly in the past? Yes, they
did that uh you know to uh to sell
books, to sell their own politics, uh to
to create a whole uh to get votes with
no eye towards solving the problem. And
here you know a government solution to
the AI is dangerous is like so uh you
know if you thought global warming was
something that a government could tackle
and we saw how ineffective governments
tackle that it's like what spend you
know 100 times your GDP to to do what to
set humanity back to you know uh perhaps
the best things that came out of that
were uh move towards renewables
perhaps I don't know, you know, you
know, um
&gt;&gt; certainly over the long term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's there's some good that
comes out of
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; anything like that. Um but, you know,
there's these uh these prescriptive kind
of ways of well, let's stop all
industrialization because, you know,
let's put us back in the stone age. And
this is where like a politician like
Bernie Sanders is with this, right? He
he's either magically wildly
stupid or he's a political opportunist.
There's not a lot of space between. I
mean, maybe he's stupid and altruistic.
I'll give him that. Maybe he's
altruistic but very stupid. I mean, what
does he think China's going to do? Sit
around?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I can't believe he's so naive to
that issue. And I think we saw this
about the whole global warming
situation. And it doesn't didn't do us
any good to shut off our dirty power
generation if China didn't. In fact, we
may have lost a lot from an economic
competitiveness standpoint,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Certainly environmental benefits. I I I
totally agree with that. But but from an
economic standpoint,
&gt;&gt; uh look what China has done in terms of
power generation over the last decade. I
don't think that people realize in a
general basis that most of us really
want the right thing to happen for the
planet because of the sake of our
families or children and so forth. We
all want that. It's just a matter of how
do you get there? These alarmist things
really drive me crazy because to me I
don't see them as maximum truth seeking.
Whereas I see like capitalism is ma
maximum truth seeeking. It's very
simple. Its goals are simple. Even if
it's profit maximization goals, if you
look at it that through that that lens
and maybe that's the right lens, it's
pretty clear. It like logs its activity
very much. You know, it's it's very open
as to what it does. Maybe behind the
scenes there's some moves that companies
make. Uh but you know, and then there's
need for some regulation. We have a lot
of it. It's not like we lack in
regulations um in various ways. But the
problem here is as as as Elon says, you
know, we can we can institute government
regulation, but it's like a one-way
ratchet. It can't you like we we we're
going to overextend into a place where
we become non-competitive.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and if you think
I mean look at it this way. I mean, um,
if you believe that AI
is existential, it could potentially
kill humanity, then you better damn well
believe that the United States should
create the best AIs
because China,
you know, is a bit more nefarious in its
goals or at least not open to, you know,
there's no sunshine on that debate. And
uh heck, you know what? What happened in
China a couple years ago that changed
humanity for a couple years? This little
thing called the pandemic.
You know, we didn't know what was going
on over there in some lab. I mean, maybe
we don't know what's going on in a lot
of our labs, but the reality is it
happened there. It spread from there. If
you think
that kind of pandemic is a big deal,
well, just, you know, wait until you let
them loose with their AI.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
So
to me, I think the right solution,
well, this whole thing says I think Elon
has a path to his solution. His solution
is build the biggest damn AI on the
block. Build a lion, you know, become
king of the jungle. And um and then if
you believe that he's a good guy, then
he's sort of that benevolent dictator.
And I don't mean that I'm not talking
about him setting up a nation state or
anything kind of like that. I'm just
talking about him being the
counterweight to something that's
potentially um
something that can harm humanity. And
you know he might
&gt;&gt; Phil sorry just interrupted you here.
How should people who who may think that
Elon is not a good guy, how should they
think about these moves that he's
making, I mean, it seems to me either
way, whether you think he's in the good
or bad camp
&gt;&gt; that he's acting as a check and balance
here on others
and hopefully others can also act as a
check and balance on him, right? There's
nothing that he's doing here that others
can't do. Although, you know, putting
rockets up cost effectively is an issue
for everybody else, but there's nothing
stopping anybody else from doing it.
&gt;&gt; No, that's that's a true thing. There's
nothing.
Look, there's no door he hasn't gone
through that didn't start as a very
small thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And become a very large thing through
his own efforts and perseverance. I
mean, what do we learn in the allin
podcast? He's living in a double wide
trailer on the on the XAI Colossus
property trying to make the data center
bigger. Our first trillionaire is living
in a trailer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh or billionaire, whatever his status
is. You know, the richest guy in the
world's living in a trailer. So, you
know, he pushes forward very very
rapidly on things. But people have
affing lens in which they look at him
sometimes. They're like, "Yeah, look
where he is." Yeah. No, look at how he
gets there. That's the path you need to
study. Not look at who he is and how
much money you think he has in the bank,
whatever that means, but look at how he
gets there and what his goals are. As
for people who think he's billionaire is
bad kind of labeling, you know, that
he's a he's a bad actor, he's not a good
guy, I don't know what to tell you. I
mean, um, it's it's, uh, I've been on
this planet for about 60 years and I
look at somebody like him and I say, I
know what he's I know what he's up to. I
know what his motivations are. They
certainly aren't money. You know, the
world's richest people's motivations are
never money, by the way. It's sort of
that middle box that mo motivations
might be money or people might work on
Wall Street their motivation might be
money but if you're working in
private industry doing things you're
trying to you're building something I
mean look at what Jensen said the other
day people like us and I mean he's like
you know he's multi-billionaire many
times over probably the in the top 10
richest people in the world maybe top 15
I don't know haven't looked at that list
in a while
he basically said I get up and do this
because I love to do this. And in many
ways, I think Elon just loves to do what
he's doing. And he um in his love is
this, you know, pushing humanity
forward through technological progress.
That's just how he sees it. And he
thinks that he's creating the best tools
for the mind and potentially the body
agency. And that he's going to keep
going with those tools. and he believes
in the science fiction realities of
being multilanetary and um so you you
can get on his train and you can
believe that he's a a benevolent guy,
you know, you look looking for that type
of thing or you can uh I guess you can
push against them. That's up to you. You
know, I we certainly know lots of people
that do. Uh unfortunately I think a lot
of them are um the ones I meet are
extremely misinformed about realities of
many things. Um
you know it just starts with this this
billionaires are bad model. Um which is
not really there's no substance behind
that. You know you can't
&gt;&gt; what does that mean? What does that what
does that actually mean? You know
&gt;&gt; um bad in what way? Why are they bad and
others aren't? Are they categorically
all bad? I mean, it's just a it's just a
stupid analysis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure we can save those people
from their own um lack of neurons or
whatever. Um you know, I think it is
everyone's job and I think it's Elon's
job too to explain himself.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Um, you know, he
if you watch Jensen on that all-in pod,
you know, he's a explains
himself quite beautifully. He's very
articulate. And although I thought Elon
did an amazing job as well, you know,
he's he's good at answering questions
and pretty good
analogies, metaphor, whatever. Uh,
you know, he doesn't always explain it.
It certainly doesn't explain it as
easily and fluidly as Jensen does. Um, a
good point. Um, this is maybe a bit of a
rough transition, but I thought this was
really interesting. This is, uh, GPU
rental prices over time.
And you can see their, you know, A100s,
the green line trended down. And then we
hit January, February of this year, and
they started to trend back up again.
and they've been stable throughout the
summer.
You see H100 prices
kind of bouncing around a bit, but
lately very strong since really December
of last year.
Uh gone really up throughout that whole
period from there from then till now.
um the B200's a lot more volatility in
those but apart from that one spike in
March maybe you know March time frame of
this year
&gt;&gt; uh that's gone up pretty considerably as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then the uh H200s
uh at the highest level they've been as
far as pricing goes. I thought this
chart was interesting. You know one of
the things from you know economics is
price is the is the is the thing that
clears supply and demand. That's what
price represents,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, if there was too much supply of this
stuff, then price would be falling,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Clearly, that's not what we're seeing
here.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not. I mean, in fact, if if you
just sort of shadow out everything below
uh April 26, it's it's pretty much
straight uphill.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, look at even what's what's
happening to the A00s. It says the
reason those prices are rising in people
it's because they're saying that there's
such a diminishing supply of the the
higherend GPUs that people are willing
to compute on anything at this point,
you know.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's that and also just that
the fact those things still work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's just
&gt;&gt; extends the life of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's just a a more inefficient lower
output. It's like anything. It's like,
you know, would you go back, you know, a
5-year-old MacBook to do some
computation on something only if you had
to? Well, guess what? There's a lot of
people that uh in some portion of the,
you know, I think what's happened with
with AI massive investment in AI, it's
really started to, you know, smooth out.
Um
and I think that we're just seeing a lot
more I'd say through this we're seeing
into something which is that we're
seeing a lot more um specialized use of
of AIs that were not you know that are
not visible and on the table. What I
mean by that is we focus so much on the
frontier that we forget that there are
AIs that uh that are reading radioraphs
every day and that there's huge amounts
of money going into medical areas and we
don't see it as clearly as these larger
uh horizontally
applicable frontier models, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh we don't see the kind of the
filling out you know it's any industry
here in certainly in technology we start
to see I don't say later stage but as it
starts to mature we start seeing a
filling out
uh spreading out across more domains
more people um I think that's that is
what is happening with AI even though
it's not so front and center and in the
news
&gt;&gt; and then speaking of AI this is from
X-reeze which is an account that Elon
often uh repost and I think he may have
reposted this one.
&gt;&gt; He's talking about orbital data centers.
You know, a lot of experts think that
they're impossible or it's not going to
happen in the near future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he just says that Elon confirmed uh
he's highly confident SpaceX will be
launching NVIDIA VR NVL 72 AI computers
in space next year.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; They've already designed a space
optimized version with Nvidia.
um 72 Ruben GPUs, 36 VR CPUs,
uh 21 terabytes of HPM4 memory, uh 3600
uh pedlops of compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um so pretty amazing. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah, so this is essentially a a GPU
rack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 72 units. uh the
&gt;&gt; it's uh there's there's CPUs in the mix
because they're sort of the uh puppet
masters of the GPUs. They're the
controlling entities. Yeah. And then
they're going to do it a little
differently. Going to lay um I say lay
it out but interconnected a little
differently for satellite. But this is
where he's going before he gets his
satellites going. I mean before he gets
his chip before he gets his chips going.
Um,
&gt;&gt; and then and then just before we started
recording this, we've got confirmation
Starship Flight 14 is scheduled for
September 22nd at the earliest,
&gt;&gt; so just around the corner.
&gt;&gt; Um, and some interesting details on this
flight. Um,
it's going to be the first uh Starship
into orbit around Earth.
So the test flights this point have been
intentionally flown passively safe
suborbital suborbital trajectories to
maximize public safety. So they feel
confident they can go orbital with this
one.
&gt;&gt; And they also plan to deploy uh Starlink
V3 satellites,
&gt;&gt; right? And the two of those uh two of
those goals are coincident, right? I
mean in other words, you until you get
orbital, you can't do that anyway. So
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, we we saw them do a
deployment
last time uh on 13, but that was
suborbital. So, those things uh just got
launched into test mode and then, you
know, burned up rather quickly. This
one's going to be a a 10-hour flight
about six orbits around the around the
planet, and they're going to splash down
in the Pacific Ocean just west of Chile.
&gt;&gt; So, a little bit different location.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, the other interesting thing,
this is a little hard to read on this
screen, but they're they're going to be
launching 26 uh Starlink V3s.
That'll be a a terabit per second of
capacity in the constellation.
Um, and that's equivalent to 10 times
the capacity compared to a single launch
of the V2 mini Starlink satellites on a
Falcon 9.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So, pretty incesting
increase in capacity. And then the final
thing I thought that was interesting
here, they're going to be flying uh
Starship 14 with two uh tiles that were
recovered from ship 40, and they're
going to refly them on ship 41, marking
the first tile reuse for Starship.
So, reusing the the ship, reusing the
booster, reusing tiles, you know,
they're just pushing the envelope here
in all these different directions. Well,
I think Elon said if this flight is
successful, then they'll go for catch
of ship on 15.
Um,
this will be the first time. Yeah. That
this is the first time it is put into uh
commission for commercial use. Right. In
other words,
&gt;&gt; their own commercial. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Its own commercial use. if they so
so people may not know but these V3
satellites the next generation of
Starling satellites can only be launched
by Starship. They're too big
&gt;&gt; to be launched by Falcon. So Starship is
their only path and
as Elon has intimated they will be
shutting down the Falcon program as they
get this thing going. So uh all eggs in
this basket and things are looking good.
13 was a pretty successful uh this
orbital thing is a big deal. That's you
know it's really yeah
&gt;&gt; you got to do it. Um and uh and and you
can't get those V3 satellites until you
to uh into into their respective orbits
unless
uh ship gets orbital. So here we go.
It's cool, right? I mean, uh, but I I
think I said maybe a couple pods ago
that like we're four or five flights
away from pretty much, um, proving the
entire stack is a reusable platform. Um
because I think if he gets that
I think he he spoke to that in the
all-in podcast about how if he could
catch 15 he's sort of proven the stack
is reusable because they've they've
reflown I think one booster um at this
moment uh you know it's a little
different because they don't they don't
lose the top stage uh of this thing if
if if Starship is reusable. I mean,
that's the whole point. I guess maybe
another way of saying it is duh because
that's the whole point. But if Starship,
you know, you could see that well,
they were trying to achieve effectively
a catch in the ocean with 13. And um
probably what's one of the more
remarkable
uh outcomes of 13 was that uh precise
ocean landing which showed
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; that the thing came in real hot and they
got complete control of it. I mean I
can't say it came in real hot like they
didn't expect it. I'm saying it always
comes in real hot. It does.
&gt;&gt; Um you know it's it's sort of like what?
Um but uh and they got that thing to
kind of have a precise landing and
that's why the the body uh stayed
intact. It just didn't have enough um
fall to explode and uh and effectively
why they could recover it. Um I think
the only thing that didn't go well in
that whole thing was that they didn't
have a recovery ship out there ready to
go. They had to go looking for one, I
guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it took some time. the
&gt;&gt; the ship uh the starship now is on the
back of another ship and it's been
spotted around the coast of of South
Africa
headed into the Atlantic. So, it's
coming back on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we know where it's going
eventually. But um by the way I don't
know if anyone has seen that the there
is a extremely large cargo carrying ship
that makes Starship when it's uh placed
into uh placed into the thing look
fairly small. Uh it does
&gt;&gt; you know
&gt;&gt; wow
big rocket ship but not big in terms of
uh you know oceangoing ships.
&gt;&gt; Yeah size.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Well, shifting gears again, uh you
discovered uh something kind of
interesting when you were out and about.
Uh some uh gold in the hills of
California them golden them their hills.
Yeah. So,
uh yeah. So, I was out with my wife. We
were gra grabbing coffee, believe it or
not, in our brand new Rivian R2. Um
and yes, I also own a Tesla, just so you
know. But we were in the R2. And what a
beautiful car that is, by the way. Um,
and this is right. This is a parking lot
that used to be uh the uh I think
company's called Tipco campus. Um, I'm
I'm giving up the spot right now. By the
way, uh it's right behind the
engineering building uh which is very,
you know, it's right up on uh right off
of uh Paige Mill Road in Palo Alto. And
uh we came across this somewhat
randomly. I mean I shouldn't say that
completely. We when we left we were in
downtown Palo Alto and I said to my wife
uh let's jump over Page Mill to get on
basically let's meander through Stanford
campus. Let's get on to Pa let's go
south. Let's get on to Page Mill. Let's
see how many cyber cabs we see in the
wild because this is of course you know
ground zero and we saw six in the wild
driving. You know obviously driving
controls. says California that
irrespective of how the car is
controlling itself, there is someone in
the car behind the driving controls. Um,
so we found six of them and then uh we
took a jog down this road and and we
came across the mother lode, you know,
the gold vein and um there were easily a
hundred here. Some were
uh I stared in a few. I didn't get the
pictures. I didn't post the pictures. Uh
there were a bunch that were basically
production level, no driving controls at
all. Interestingly, a lot of them had
this the temporary driving controls in
them and ironically or not, it's not the
right word. Uh just interestingly, uh a
bunch of them had Florida and Texas
plates,
&gt;&gt; which either means Yeah, you can see
there's two here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. either means they were shipping
them out and plated them early, which I
don't believe is the case, or they were
recovering them from infield testing and
bringing them back uh home. Basically,
effectively retiring them is a good way
of thinking of it. In other words,
putting them into, you know, uh
engineering use. Um, also present in
this parking lot that I did not take a
picture of were approximately 25 to 30
Model Y's labeled as robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; So, this is a depot for
active robo taxi dispatch dispatching as
well as sort of uh engineering's Tesla's
engineering uh fleet. So, you don't take
this as any sort of sign of imminent
cyber cab deployment?
&gt;&gt; I I did not. I mean, look, I it's
interesting to note that there's there
are some production cars here, like
literally ready to go, the ones that
they would drop into service in Austin.
I don't think that's going to happen
right now on the roads in California.
And I don't even know if they have the
legal authority to move them around on
on the public roads. uh you know even if
you know what I mean without even
without passengers is what I mean uh I
think I think that they are confined to
having the driving controls in the
vehicle irrespective of whether the
so-called engineer ever literally lays a
foot finger or um or anything else on
any of those driving controls. So I I I
I'm not really certain. But I guess if
if if I saw a parking lot full of only
those cars, I'd probably agree with that
statement because then I'd be like,
"Well, what else are you going to do
with these things?" Either you've got
&gt;&gt; um
California's either agreed to let you
ride them around in test mode by
themselves around the streets of Palto
or the hills of Palo Alto. U it's an
interesting area for folk folks that
don't know. It's it's um it is ground
zero uh sort of sort of tech ground zero
in the South Bay. Uh what's very
noteworthy is uh Tesla headquarters
building which is on Deer Creek Road is
also where uh Steve Jobs founded Next
Computer and uh had uh I think the first
Nex building was there. I think they
moved after that. I'm not sure. But um
but uh you know I remember driving by
there as literally a kid uh when I first
worked at Apple and and he was at Next
and uh seeing his Mercedes in the
parking lot of that building and that
building was right across the street. I
think they tore it down, replaced it uh
right across the street from the Tesla
headquarters building which is no longer
really Tesla headquarters, right? That's
effectively been moved. Um
but there's an engineering campus that I
think are um I think they're old HP
buildings if I'm correct. I mean these
you know this this particular campus is
uh uh this is this is sort of a mini
campus for that company I mentioned. And
uh I think you know Tesla for all I know
is moving into this building. I mean, it
looks like there's some work in the
building itself. Uh, and uh, you know,
they probably need the space, but on the
other hand, I don't think Elon wants to
I think Elon wants to, uh, limit the
space he takes in California. I'll leave
it at that. Fair enough. Yeah, it's a
cyber cab takeover of the parking lot.
It remains to be seen what else is
happening there.
Um so related to that uh I wrote an
article about the crazy economics of the
cyber cab
&gt;&gt; and we can discuss some of this today.
These these are some thoughts that you
shared and so perhaps I'll I'll let you
maybe discuss your thoughts first and
then we'll take folks through some of
the charts that I put together in my
piece which means I have to put my
glasses on. I forgot what I said.
Uh yeah, I mean I think you're basically
saying that uh that uh you know I maybe
people are fixated on the manufacturing
cost of the vehicle and I think you're
making a couple different points in that
that the the magic is operational
efficiency. Um, and that that the more
miles you can get out of the vehicle in
its lifetime, that's the the true driver
of of of the cost of of of of it all.
And that uh your article takes a takes a
a swing at saying if anything that they
can do in the car perhaps adds cost but
leads to longevity, that that may be the
right economic choice.
And um my point on this is that
one of the cool things about operating
something at scale like this business is
you get so much data. I mean uh Tesla is
such a data driven beast. I mean, we all
think of data as being the number one
thing that has driven, no pun intended,
no okay, pun intended, pun intended, uh,
has driven FSD to its success.
&gt;&gt; Um, and that is true. That is true. But
fleet data gives you uh credible precise
measuring statistically relevant but yet
precise measuring of what it is that's
failing and why it's failing and and how
to optimize
to know what to optimize, when to
optimize so that you can get more
longevity out of the vehicle and give it
more, you know, give it a longer um G
essentially drop uh uh pennies per per
mile. That's the coolest thing about
this entire program is it's so
optimized, you know, or it's it's it's
it's even optimized to be optimized.
That's what I'm trying to say. It's like
they're building a platform where they
can do continuous improvement on it.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Uh and and scale helps scale
dramatically helps that because
oneoff isn't meaningful. But but you
know my point would be is like maybe
they learn this is something that you
might it's like maybe they learn that um
tire cost is sort of suboptimal. They
really want to optimize you know more
miles per per set of tires. And that
they learned that and maybe they've
already learned this through
hundreds of millions of fleet miles with
the 8 plus million vehicles or what 9
million whatever the number is today in
the whole Tesla fleet. you know what
causes tire wear truly causes tire wear
and and you might think that that
problem's been well studied and maybe it
has and maybe this is a a a poor example
but but the reality is you know here
they have a a product that because it
can drive itself and here's the
difference here's the difference here's
the key difference like today we we
drive our cars we wear our tires we do
it our way um we may been told we may
have educated ourselves on things that
wear the tires more and we could um
potentially more uh time on on a set of
tires if we if we drove our cars
differently. Uh but here the autonomous
car gets to make the driving choices.
&gt;&gt; It gets to so so not only can it drive
the way it's supposed to to get the
customer from A and B, but it can also
drive in a way that protect protects uh
the the wearable parts of the car. Well,
they can also test it fleetwide, too.
They could have a certain number of cars
drive a certain way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And change those settings for other
cars. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Bunch of AB testing. They can
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Having those uniform method of driving
is far better than setting out looking
at data from people. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's really cool because
they're they're the driver and they and
they have view into the it's it's a very
uniform platform, right? they they they
they have control over what that how to
tune the parameters of that platform.
They they create the type of driver they
want to create.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean on one one one side of that
they're pinned by creating the right
driver for the experience for the
customer. Obviously that's the number
one goal here. But but then they can
create the right driver secondarily to
uh I mean it's just if you think about
efficiency, you know, I don't know um
not not everyone listening to this has
an EV, but EVs are very efficient when
they're not moving. Uh, and what I mean
by that is we ice cars, you know, we got
city and highway miles. Everyone knows
that city miles are terrible because
you're, you know, you're you're you're
idling an engine that isn't really
moving the car and and therefore miles
per gallon go down. Well, that's not
true in an EV, right? You know, you sit
at a stoplight, your car is essentially
doing little and you're moving it
through moving very slowly through a
city. Uh, you know, you're getting and
uh more uh miles per kilowatt hour. Um
and and I mean Tesla will approach
practically
you know an unheard of unspeakable
number of almost six
5.5 to six in that range of miles per
kilowatt hour. Um that's uh that that
that's remarkably better than um the
best Tesla in the field which is maybe
approaching four.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so that's a that's a huge
increase, you know, because if if if
energy costs are are huge and in some
markets, in particular California,
regardless of of of, you know, this is
an electric car, sure. Right. But energy
prices are extremely um the wholesale
the going into the energy equation is is
more expensive here. So um
&gt;&gt; so one of the things I did with
&gt;&gt; What do you have to say about your
article?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, let's go a couple things
here. So one of the things and I think
people maybe misunderstood what I was
trying to convey here. I was just sort
of showing for you know a given number
of miles I just arbitrarily picked a
billion miles and looking at then how
much Tesla might need to spend on a you
know a basket of a billion miles. Now
obviously there's a time element in
this. Not every billion miles is the
same as another billion miles, but just
to show that for a fleet that could
deliver a billion miles, if those
vehicles had a lifetime uh mileage of
300,000,
you would need to spend um about $100
million
to produce the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; And that wasing that was assuming a
$30,000 vehicle. Okay. Which ultimately
is high by the way. Tesla's going to get
that down. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But the example here was then if you
decide to that you could actually make
improvements to the vehicle that it
would last longer that you if you spent
an extra $3,000 per vehicle and you went
from 300,000 miles lifetime miles for
that vehicle to 500,000,
you would effectively then only need to
spend 66 million to get that same basket
of a billion miles capacity.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
That's an incredible trade-off. You
would do that all day long. You would
spend more per vehicle to reduce the
number of vehicles that you needed to
deliver that billion miles. Therefore,
reduce your cost.
And then look what happens if you get
can get out to a million miles.
Your fleet cost drops by half
&gt;&gt; from that 66 million down to 33 million.
&gt;&gt; So massive economic incentive at scale.
These numbers are huge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, look at 10 billion miles. Look
at a 100 billion miles. Look at the
numbers for a trillion miles what they
would be, right? So every every little
savings makes a huge difference when you
look at the aggregate dollars.
&gt;&gt; So that was quickly do you know how
quickly you rack up a billion miles? Um
let's say you had a fleet of a thousand
cyber cabs running. Do do we have a
sense um how quickly a billion miles
turns?
Um,
guess we can do that.
&gt;&gt; Let's say, let's say each cyber cab, you
know, say you were able to do what,
maybe 100,000 miles a year.
&gt;&gt; I should get on my calculator. I'm
always off by a zero when I do these
things, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um,
so, so, uh, a thousand cyber cabs would
be, uh, 100 million miles a year.
&gt;&gt; Damn it. I'm sorry I asked cuz I'm stuck
stuck needing to bl
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you always do the calculations
then you live in fear that you made a
mistake. You missed
&gt;&gt; I'm always off by zero in these
calculations. Always. I'm not going to
take a stab at it because I'll just look
like a fool.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; they miles do add up pretty fast at
scale for sure.
&gt;&gt; The point is that they add up very
quickly. Yeah. Yeah, I mean remember
remember what we said uh you're talking
at last week I guess or the week you
know last pod something about 17%
week-over-week growth
&gt;&gt; uh if you could sustain that you went
from uh 1 million unsupervised miles to
2.5 was it 2.5 billion I think no it was
actually larger than that three 3.5
billion in a year um now that had
nothing to do with fleet sizing it's
just literally like if you just ran 17%
week-over-week growth. It was it was
just fixated on this 17% week-overweek
growth. Not not that Jun Knight might
achieve that um for for the long haul,
but
&gt;&gt; yeah, the numbers.
&gt;&gt; You only you only need 10,000 vehicles
to get a billion miles if they're doing
it 100,000 miles a year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. 10,000 vehicles sounds like a lot
today, but it's it's a drop in the
bucket.
&gt;&gt; It's it's nothing. It's nothing.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this was just looking at again
this is kind of the numbers behind it in
terms of you know the number of vehicles
needed for the billion miles. Again
taking out the time element of this just
a just a basket of a billion miles. If
the vehicles were only capable of doing
300,000 mi over their lifetime you need
3,333 of them. At half a million you
need 2,000 vehicles. Um at a million
mile lifetime for a vehicle you need a
thousand of them to get to get to a
billion. So you can just see the number
of vehicles comes down, the capital cost
comes down with it, you've got a massive
economic incentive to to drive that
down. And then from a from a a
production cost per mile, uh if the
vehicles have a lifetime of 300,000,
you're looking at about 10 cents a mile.
But then if you spend an extra uh $3,000
per vehicle to increase the life, you go
from this gray curve to the blue curve.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And if you go from 300,000 m to 500,000,
you get the the production cost per mile
down to 6.6. And if you do find a ways,
get it over to, you know, a million mile
uh battery life, let's say, you're
looking at 3.3 cents
per mile on the production cost of the
vehicle. So, incredible difference. Uh
again, if you can find ways to increase
that life expectancy essentially of the
vehicle, it makes a massive difference.
And then what I did, Phil, was was sort
of break it out looking at uh first of
all the 300,000 mi vehicle life um using
my model. And what I'm showing on this
page is uh the cost per mile at various
utilizations.
And so I'm getting cost per mile between
say 55 cents down to about 45 depending
on utilization. So you can see
utilization matters. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But because most of the costs are
variable and they're driven by the
number of miles, for example, the more
miles you have, the more tire wear. The
more miles you have, the more charging
cost. So, you don't get that much of a
benefit in terms of driving down cost
per mile by driving more miles because
you've got those other costs that that
that go up as you drive more miles and
certainly maintenance and repair and so
on. So, there is some benefit here, but
it's not huge. And then when you break
out the different components
for a 300,000 mile vehicle, the vehicle
cost is the largest piece between 9 and
10 cents.
But you can see that there's some other
pretty significant costs, whether it's
cleaning potentially,
potentially parking, depending on what
city you're talking about where parking
costs might be high, insurance costs,
again that that all is going to depend
as well. Um, and then you know, tires
and maintenance is probably another big
category.
Um, I threw marketing in here. This
could be zero or it could be huge
depending on how they approach this.
And then what's interesting is as you
this is kind of stacked on top of each
other.
Um, and then as you get to the, let's
say, a 500,000 mi vehicle life, you get
down to costs that are under 40 cents
and maybe as low as about 30.
Okay?
And in that case, now that the
production costs per mile
&gt;&gt; is starting to come in line with some of
the others.
&gt;&gt; Right? Now, I also made some changes in
this in this particular scenario to the
cleaning and the parking costs, but
those also could be quite high depending
on where you are. For example, having a
fleet in New York City is going to be a
lot more expensive from a parking
standpoint than having a fleet in Las
Vegas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, where there's plenty of land.
&gt;&gt; Well, there you go. There's a there's a
reason to optimize um
you know, outside of charging windows
and cleaning windows, meaning those are
these are times that are unavoidable,
right? Like in other words, you
&gt;&gt; you have to bring them you have to bring
them home to charge them and to clean
them.
&gt;&gt; Uh
but uh the more utilization you get, the
less stationary time you get, the less
stationary time, the less parking cost.
I mean, basically, we want the cars to
be in use 247.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know what's you know
what's super interesting about that is
cities that never sleep may be the best
economic you know economic outcomes for
the for like in other words put these
cities in put these cars in San
Francisco
midnight comes around you know that San
Francisco kind of a roll up the sidewalk
type of city you know it's not uh but
New York you know New York never sleeps
so people are demanding the car move
around uh demand and the demand is there
on a more continuous basis. Um,
&gt;&gt; it's interesting too because
well, first of all, let me just show you
this last one. If you get to a million
miles,
&gt;&gt; look how the vehicle cost could actually
be a smaller component than some of
these others. Again, cleaning could be
highly variable depending on what's
happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; parking could be highly variable. Uh,
insurance, tires, and maintenance. So
you actually get to the point
economically, Phil, where it actually
may be cheaper to keep the car moving
than it might be to park it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, except
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure. I mean, perhaps, right?
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; except for the tire wear. So
&gt;&gt; except for the tire wear.
&gt;&gt; Optimize the tire wear.
&gt;&gt; Of course, you got to factor in charging
and tires. So, you know, that that may
never get to that point, but but just to
your point about keeping the vehicles in
motion, the other thing that becomes
pretty obvious, too, is the time element
here. So the quicker you can charge,
right? And that's helped by the vehicle
being highly efficient. So you don't
have to charge as much,
also the quicker you can clean the
vehicle, the quicker the quicker that
you can change tires and repair any
damage to the body of the vehicle. And
the Cyber Cab again with its reaction
injection molded panels basically allow
Tesla just to take a panel off, put a
new one on because you don't have the
paint. you don't have to do the body
work that you would the normal car and
the and the time out of the fleet that
that takes
&gt;&gt; every day that this vehicle is out of
the fleet, you're losing money. So, this
vehicle's been designed with all that in
mind. And it's not so much cost per mile
perhaps that's the issue here. It's it
may be sort of the cost per hour.
Maybe we need to start thinking a bit
more in those terms. But anyway, it's
it's interesting when you look at the
economics of cyber cab. And the other
thing I started to think about is the um
this whole surge pricing situation.
If you think about Uber,
one of the things people hate about Uber
is surge pricing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And Uber kind of has to do it because
otherwise you've got an imbalance of
supply and demand,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Everybody's coming out of the football
game at the same time. They all want to
ride home at the same time. There's only
so many cars. And by the way, it also
incentivizes the drivers to come out and
and and drive.
&gt;&gt; You know, that's that's true. But you
know what? The other side of that is
they've spent a lot of time trying to
optimize this because it also
incentivizes the drivers to cheat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And what I mean by that is the
drivers learned a couple years ago
that to get the best surge pricing,
stay out of the zone.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because if they stayed out of the zone,
the algorithm would say that the supply
is constrained, the price should go up,
and then they could flood the zone. And
so they were very very optimized almost
as um a collective as if they conspired
because they sort of did based on the
economics of it
&gt;&gt; to stay out of the out of the hot zone
and uh when you called one okay the the
the the
customer got charged more. It took takes
longer to get the cars there, but they
could then surge uh double taxing that
word into the area,
maintain that surge pricing because it
wouldn't adjust quickly
and bring riders at at uh at a higher
cost per mile.
So, u yeah, so Tesla's cyber cab,
you know, eliminates that misalignment
of incentives
because Tesla is in control. of the
positioning of the cars.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And you could imagine with, you know,
with AI that it will be able to
preposition vehicles a lot better than
what Uber drivers would do. In fact,
Uber drivers are incentivized to not
preposition, right? To stay out of the
zone, come in when that surge price is
high.
&gt;&gt; But Tesla can say, "Oh, we know there's
going to be a game that's going to let
out 10:15 or concert 10:15 or whatever
the time is. We're going to preposition
vehicles there ahead of time to serve
that market.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; sorry,
&gt;&gt; I was just going to say that that
Tesla's term for this is dynamic
pricing. So, surge pricing fits in the
category of dynamic pricing, but it's
dynamic one in one way,
&gt;&gt; right? Whereas what Tesla has the
opportunity to do is dynamic pricing is
sure prices may go up from time to time
when demand's high, but Tesla also has
the ability to to dynamically reduce the
pricing because of intelligent
positioning of the vehicles, you know.
And the other thing is that we we we
don't probably think of as much as
how they supply vehicles. So we think of
it as there is a it's like as if there's
a fixed sort of a fixed supply but
that's not true either you know it's
like they see
a problem that needs curing in a
geography a city they bring more car in
other words being able to manufacture
these cars very quickly they can
dispatch them to environments where
they're getting uh and then they can
equalize the price quickly in a
different way right because in other
words they can add more they can add
they can add more supply from the fleet
perspective. It's not you know Uber is
constrained by the number of drivers who
choose to drive their own cars at given
times.
Um
you know if half those drivers are in
the football game themselves
you know um but that's not true of an
autonomous car. And the second point I
was making or the first point I was
making is that
&gt;&gt; within a couple days they can fix a
problem, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; By just manufacturing them very quickly
uh and and dispatching them to to that
city over maybe another plan. Um I think
what where where the greatest
imbalance and potential opportunity
lies eventually
is in the rural or sub you know markets
outside city suburban areas.
uh that I think will be better served by
private ownership of cyber cabs that
that that we as individuals check into
the fleet. uh because I think that will
lead to a circumstance where they can
scale that by putting uh you know it's
sort of the crowdsource that the sort of
the Uber model in a different way uh
that they can put us to work in in in
cleaning and charging the vehicles
instead of of of trying to build that
infrastructure in all these
suburban environments of which there are
a lot. I think it works nicely in both
areas. Um, if you think about a city,
you know, again, for the extreme
scenarios, right, where a concert or a
football game gets let out and you've
got thousands of people looking to go
home at the same time,
Tesla, to the extent that they lean on
the fleet, customerowned Model Y's,
customerowned Cyber Cabs hopefully
eventually, or other fleets, um, having
that incentive there for those owners to
put their vehicle in the fleet. And it
could work as simply as saying, you
know, I am willing to put my vehicle in
the fleet that say my personal Model Y,
you know, from 9 to 3:00 every day, but
otherwise I need my car,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Or I may say to the network, you know,
if you think that my net earnings are
going to be $100, then I will do it.
Anything less than that, I don't want to
put my vehicle in the fleet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Tesla would be able to aggregate all all
that and and sort of dynamically or you
know efficiently sort of position and
route vehicles accordingly.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And that's something Uber can't can't
touch.
&gt;&gt; Right. With the way they do it. As great
as their system is, they can't they
can't come even close to that.
&gt;&gt; They have all the levers, you know? I
mean I I I'm so excited by
it's it's sort of how I jumped into this
was like data data data data will drive
so much
&gt;&gt; of the answers to their to their
questions
and they can refine that
&gt;&gt; because they just have piles and piles
of data that they can they can use. we
talked about the last time is like hey
you know eventually the way FSD starts
to operate or the vision based AI is it
starts to examine the environment
and pick more efficient routes. So if
you want, you know, if you can if you
could if you could make that car more
efficiently move
a um,
you know, like today
we have this idea that, okay, we're
going to route from okay, my destination
is I want to get to the SAP center and
I'm over here in this part of the of the
city. I want to get to the Chase Center.
I'm over
and there's a typical route like that
would be like the the the least cost
routing. uh model of an algorithm if
there were no traffic, right? Typical
route.
&gt;&gt; And today we have some level of
real-time traffic
that would allow does allow navigation
systems to pick uh different routes, but
we're just like scratching the surface
of what's possible here. If we can
measure that
um much more dynamically,
we can get better routing which leads to
a faster ride which leads to higher
utilization of the vehicle. Uh I mean we
don't want the vehicle unless we're
charging for idle time unless we're sort
of the cab model which is not how this
is operating unless they add that for
office time or something with the
vehicle. It's built into it now, right?
When the vehicle shows up, you've got
seven minutes to get into it before it
leaves,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, it's kind of built in. If it's any
more than that, then
&gt;&gt; the right now the vehicle leaves, you
can't take more than that.
&gt;&gt; But eventually, if you want more, I
suppose you could pay for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But if it's if it's stopped at a
light or stopped in heavy traffic, uh,
no one wins.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um so if it can avoid that by
taking you know several streets over um
you you've seen this uh you see this
constantly at these events you see large
events get out uh and you know I
witnessed this um multiple years I've
gone to this portola music festival in
San Francisco which is uh far down I
think it's like called the dog patch
area it's on pier 80 I think it's pier
80 yeah and once it lets out you know
the chance of getting uh a car to pick
you up is extremely limited. And what
you need to do, everyone I think knows
this, is you need to kind of fan out and
find yourself in
uh streets further back where it's it's
possible. And the drivers
uh will game that system, too. They'll
they'll they'll basically be running
Lyft and Uber apps at the same time.
They'll pick up your ride. In other
words, they'll indicate that they're
going to come pick you up. They've just
dropped they they've come to pick
somebody up. They've gone across the
city to drop them off.
There's a density of pickups in that
area because of the number of people
letting out an event. You know, 100,000
people coming out of an event or
something. Um, so they're going to pick
up your ride. All of a sudden, they
cancel on you. Why? because a lift ride
two blocks over grabbed them and they're
like, "Screw the Uber customer. I'm
going to jump on the lift." And and vice
versa. Has nothing to do with it's just
they're playing two systems against each
other and uh
&gt;&gt; you know, this system has a way to
optimize that uh to the benefit of
everyone. Everyone, you know, that's the
beautiful thing about it, too. It's like
everybody it there's alignment. The
customers get cheaper miles. They get
more efficient rides.
Tesla makes more money per vehicle,
hence they can produce more, put more in
service. You know, it's kind of um
virtuous circle. And here's another
example of the the positive nature of
dynamic pricing. So, let's say, for
example, that Tesla is prepositioning
vehicles for that football game or that
concert let out.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And they're taking a vehicle that might
be, you know, five or 10 miles away and
bringing it in. the people then that
might want to ride in that direction
will probably get a really good deal
because the alternative for Tesla is to
drive an empty car,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But why not offer a ride at at like, you
know, 75% off to somebody, right? So
that they you can create transportation
demand if if people know that, oh, if
I'm going kind of, you know, against
the, you know, the opposite direction
everybody else is going to be going, I'm
going to get an amazing deal,
&gt;&gt; right? in a sense those other people are
kind of subsidizing those those cheap
rides. So, that's where dynamic pricing,
I think, can be really interesting. That
could actually create some of its own
demand. Um, and maybe change people's
behavior. If if they know that they can
get a good deal on a on a Tesla, you
know, if they're headed towards the
concert venue, then that may create
demand for that. Anyway, uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, it's to own a large to own your
own network,
uh to control your own network, which is
part two of this, you know, I mean,
&gt;&gt; you all this opens up to you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and you don't have all these
you don't have third party, you know,
other than vehicle owners jumping in.
Tesla sets the rules for those people
and and those rules are kind of not
really gameable. I mean potentially
gameable if if a bunch of fleet a bunch
of individuals kind of do the same surge
thing we t talked about before they
don't put their vehicles into service
until the last minute drives up prices
and then they benefit by it. That's a
possibility. Um
but Tesla can see that happening in the
data set.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not that Uber didn't, by the way.
Uber Uber Uber has been trying to cure
this problem for a very long time.
&gt;&gt; So, as a first step to this um sort of
the the sort of the gateway drug, so to
speak, of of this is,
&gt;&gt; you know, supervised FSD.
And it's interesting because we're
hearing more and more people, and this
this one caught Elon's attention, Will
Chamberlain says, "I bought a Tesla in
July and I basically retired from
driving."
&gt;&gt; And he says, "If you can afford to, you
should, too. It's the most dangerous
thing you do every day and Tesla's
robots are better at it and Elon just
said self Tesla self-driving is awesome.
But I I sort of explored this idea. Um,
we're seeing more and more evidence of
people discovering full self-driving.
Um, and a lot of videos on social media,
people doing what they do in cars, some
people are, you know, eating, some
people are, you know, doing their hair,
some people are, you know, doing all
kinds of things, singing for example,
and they're posting on social media
about it. So, one one avenue of this is
that these people are doing the
advertising for Tesla for them and
probably much more effectively because
it's authentic. it's kind of organic
um and certainly heck of a lot cheaper.
One of the comments that that I've I've
seen pretty consistently is well okay
this this is great for you know younger
generation but I think we can also
counter that we're also seeing uh
evidence of a lot of older people
finding FSD and and maybe it's their
grandkids you know showing them
&gt;&gt; and this this gentleman was 98 years old
&gt;&gt; and he says I've been driving for 80
years and the novelty has worn off I
hope
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; unless he turned 99
&gt;&gt; yeah no I don't know this is pretty
recent So, chances are he's still 98.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, we're seeing it kind of across the,
you know, the spectrum of of age ranges.
The other thing that I'm starting to
detect a shift in, Phil, is is this
notion is that I've begun to feel
irresponsible when I drive myself,
right? And and my thought here was, you
know, for the entire history of the
automobile,
taking the wheel yourself was the
responsible thing to do. And now we're
starting to see a shift where people are
beginning to view manual driving as the
unnecessary risk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And this shift, I think, is going to
happen potentially quickly.
Um, I already operate this way. I have
the car do 99% of the work for me, as
much as I love to drive my Cyber Truck.
And I saw this uh last night. I took my
wife uh downtown Austin uh and she had
her first cyber cab ride
and she was thrilled not to have to even
supervise the car.
Like she's used to FSD. She loves that.
&gt;&gt; This is a whole another step of just not
even having to attend to anything.
&gt;&gt; And as freeing as FSD has been for her
and made her a safer driver, the Cyber
Cab takes it to just a whole another
level. Yeah to totally. I mean I think
that you know we will definitely see
I mean we've talked about this before a
younger generation will will jump into
this both feet transportation as a
service you know who who needs who needs
to um have a monthly you know lease
lease cost or um loan cost personal you
know insurance all these factors can be
eliminated from you know all this costs
can be eliminated from uh these things
like you know we know that the capital
asset that sits in your garage is the
most expensive cuz it's sitting in your
garage right now you know um that's
right
&gt;&gt; so I think uh but you know to your point
um there's something beautiful too about
the sort of agency it gives to everyone
uh older older folks that, you know, for
the first time,
you know, they've they're like, I I'm
not either they've discovered it or
their family has pushed them to the
point where they realize that they're
not not safely able to move about by
driving their own vehicle, which is that
all of a sudden their freedom is gone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and this affords them that
opportunity. But the thing is, you know,
the other thing is what's beautiful
about this is this only comes about
if the vehicles are plentiful. you know,
it has to like like Tesla needs to
produce the living hell out of these
things because even if it even if in the
beginning, you know, it's a flood the
system and all the economics that we
just talked about don't matter like they
they can't Tesla needs to flood the
system and they need to create enough
and also they have to be very mindful
about they do it. They can't starve out
certain areas where it's like, "Oh, I I
love that. I tried it. It was great, but
since there's no reliability to getting
one every but you know, but every two
hours, what's the point? I can't rely on
and I have to make different decisions.
&gt;&gt; But once you have these things, if you
feel as though you can call one and it's
one or two minutes away from your house
at all times,
that really totally changes things
because, you know, it takes one or two
minutes to get out in the garage, open
the garage, and pull your car in the
driveway, you know, and get ready to go.
Imagine that you're sitting at, you
know, you're gathering your stuff and
you call one and it's pretty much at the
end of your driveway almost instantly.
that completely changes how you view
transportation. Um, you know, that's
totally different than public
transportation. You can't get, you know,
you got to go get to a public
transportation access point, even if I
mean, very few people have a bus stop at
their front door. Um
&gt;&gt; um so yeah, I mean it's it's it's it's a
gamechanging thing, but you know, and
and I the beautiful thing about this is
Tesla is set up to to excel at this,
right? There's no other company that is
able to excel at the opportunity here
other than Tesla and Cyber Cap.
&gt;&gt; The other thing that's beautiful about
this too, you think about tech adoption,
right? And there's always, you know,
people that adopt first and then
slagards and so on. And one of the
reasons is that adopting new technology,
and we've seen this with AI and
particularly AI, you know, bots, you
know, installing the AI bots initially
was a bit of a challenge. And if you're
unless you're technologically adept, you
weren't going to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you know what the beautiful thing
about Cyber Cab? All you have to do
&gt;&gt; is get inside one. You don't have to do
anything else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I guess you have to have
the app on your phone, but at this
point, pretty much everybody's used to
downloading apps. They know what that's
about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's very little friction to
that.
&gt;&gt; Very little friction to that. But
literally, like when you walk up to the
car, the door opens for you. You don't
even have to touch the door.
So, from a tech adoption standpoint,
they've they've taken away all of the
challenges.
Um, and I think just to re-echo to echo
your point, um, this works best at
scale,
&gt;&gt; right? Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Right. That's an important point because
Tesla, you know, knows knows that.
Obviously, this isn't going to work very
well if you have to wait half an hour
for a car. You have to have a certain
number of vehicles. You have to flood
the market with them,
&gt;&gt; right? um people will adopt this really
quickly if it's if it's super reliable
and super available,
&gt;&gt; you know, and I even see them making
improvements like um things you don't
normally think of like, okay, we're so
used to opening a Uber app,
you know, picking a, you know, typing in
a destination.
&gt;&gt; Why why can't we just open the robo taxi
app and the very second we open it, say,
I want to go to the Chase Center. Okay,
a car will be like why do we have to
create interfaces that are cumbersome?
Um,
&gt;&gt; just talk to
&gt;&gt; I mean forot yeah talk to it and in fact
ultimately even potentially hook into
the backends of of of of things like
Siri and the and the native interfaces
so that from an HMI point of view, you
know, people are just talking to their
phones and they don't even have to open
the app. Um, they're just saying I want
to go to Okay, let's go.
&gt;&gt; It was fun last night in the car field.
My wife was uh seamlessly talking to
Grock in English, Portuguese, Italian,
&gt;&gt; and Grock just immediately responds in
that language that my wife spoke, you
know, with the next response. Just a
fluid multi- language, you know,
conversation
&gt;&gt; they were talking.
&gt;&gt; Pretty pretty neat to Well, probably.
Yeah. My ears were burning. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, speaking of things burning,
we have something to look forward to on
101.
Um, this is pretty exciting uh
development over the weekend. And I
guess the question is I
&gt;&gt; Please,
&gt;&gt; sorry.
&gt;&gt; No, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I was just going I was just going to say
that that you know, should it be this
way or did Tesla build a terrestrial
spacecraft?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; obviously with the help of SpaceX. So,
there's some debate about whether this
is upside down or right side up and we
can talk about that. Go go go back go
back go back two.
&gt;&gt; You can flip that 1001 over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the same.
&gt;&gt; And it says says 101. So
&gt;&gt; yeah. So So there's a clue.
&gt;&gt; There's a clue. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now obviously, you know, if you're
trying to get the car to lift, you need
the thrusters pointing down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you do.
&gt;&gt; But on the other hand, with a high
performance sports car, one of the
challenges you have is keeping the car
on the road.
uh look no further to like Formula 1
cars to see the problems that they have
staying on the road.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; So, this is where uh having the
thrusters pointing up so that it exerts
force down.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Could be really handy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um so, there's some debate about that.
Uh I like your image here in terms of uh
you and I were thinking along the same
lines as far as a spaceship goes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My my my image was just how
quickly could I could I get Grock
imagine to put this thing together and
&gt;&gt; and the first thing it did was something
completely stupid and so this was
reasonable of course also stupid but
what I really wanted to say is what I
said here and so is the announcement of
the merger of Tesla and SpaceX. That's
what I think's coming.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it would be the least surprised
merger announcement of all time. It
might be, but I'm gonna
&gt;&gt; The interaction yesterday on the All-In
podcast with Elon about this whole
merger thing was kind of kind of funny
too.
&gt;&gt; Did you know like if you just heard what
he said in a literal sense, you know,
like if you just read the words, but did
you see
&gt;&gt; I mean you knew you saw his body
language.
&gt;&gt; His body language is like, "Yeah, what
if we were to put these companies
together?" Right?
It's like
duh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's funny because
&gt;&gt; it's going to happen. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Gwen Shotwell was so careful in
her interviews to say, well, as a public
company, there's certain things I can't
say and then you got Elon coming on the
stage and it's like, okay. Yeah. If you
uh look at the contrast of this in just
the right way, you can see the letters
where we're going. Obviously, it's a
back to the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh nod where we're going. We don't need
roads.
um and so on. And then of course here's
the the Roadster uh logo that was uh
discovered a few months ago with the
&gt;&gt; and you've got these four the four bars
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Four thrusters. So we're seeing some
commonality there. And then here's a
patent filing for uh the system. It says
uh a vehicle aerodynamic system with
dual operating modes to modify downforce
across varying speed ranges and driving
conditions. The system comprises
multiple fans positioned in airflow
pathways and deployable skirts that
interact with the ground surface. In a
first mode, a complete set of skirts
creates a fully sealed bounded region
under the vehicle with central fans
generating maximum downforce at low
speeds on smooth surfaces.
Um, in a second mode, a subset of
skirts, primarily side skirts, modifies
the bounded region while all fans
operate to provide downforce in dynamic
driving conditions with uneven surfaces.
The system includes a control mechanism
to selectively deploy skirts and operate
fans based on driving conditions,
optimizing between maximum downforce at
low speeds and improve performance over
varying terrain at higher speeds.
That was the abstract for this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that's the best clue about what's
coming. Um, this I think was also
interesting and we have a little video
to share on this. So, let me just uh
pull it up. Have you I'm sure you've
seen this.
&gt;&gt; I have seen it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; What do you think of this little video?
&gt;&gt; They're showing the shape of a car here
in this test facility.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And all of a sudden, the car is going
up.
&gt;&gt; Something's going on.
&gt;&gt; This is at the McGregor rocket test
site, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
There's cold gas thrusters firing there
daytime. So, what are your thoughts
about that?
&gt;&gt; Well, what did Elon say? Um,
success is not guaranteed, but it it's
going to be What was his What's that?
&gt;&gt; Well, excite uh
&gt;&gt; excitement is guaranteed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, uh, you know, it's about
time someone's took a stab at this. Um,
you know, I I mean, for for for forever
we've been focused on like how do you
how do you really get performance?
There's so many different things you
need to do, but but a lot of it comes
down to this little thing called the
tire and the and the small amount of
tire frictional tire patch, you know,
and there's um if you don't have that
sticking to the ground, you can't really
move the vehicle forward if you need it
to stick to the ground. So, like you've
got two different weird thoughts here.
One is it helps to keep the car on the
road to move it quicker on the road if
you're trying to move it with tires on
the road.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; But the other side of that coin is
kind of the first principles thinking is
why does the tire why does a car need to
stay on the road?
I mean it may need to follow the road
but it may not need to stay on the road.
&gt;&gt; Sort of like this then. Huh?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I mean look it look it's
there is some science fiction moment
where I mean there's some moment where
the science fiction of you know the jets
and car becomes a reality. And I'm not
saying this is it. I I'm simply saying
that
we're we're you can imagine how Elon's
thought about cars on roads for years.
Like I mean just imagine he's
he has spent a lifetime being the
manufacturer and deliverer of millions
of cars and he knows everything about
that frictional tire patch and and and
probably his first principles bit in his
brain has said to him a million times,
what if we can eliminate that?
What if we could take the tires off the
car? What do we need those for? if we
could do something different. Now, I'm
not saying that that's the outcome here.
I think that
&gt;&gt; I I don't really know the outcome here.
I honestly I I don't know what they're
going to deliver. Um, I think part of it
can be a um a nod to the future that uh
here's how a car can operate
uh break all sorts of performance
records and so forth, but has a
traditional way of getting on the road
as well, right? I mean, cuz if you're
going to buy this thing, it has to be
street legal. I it doesn't have to be
street legal, but I think he's trying to
made a make a street legal car in the
end. But it doesn't mean it can't have a
mode where it operates in a non- street
legal way in a non off of public
streets, right?
&gt;&gt; You know, bring it bring it to to your
favorite drag strip. Um
so, uh I think it's going to cost a lot
of money.
&gt;&gt; I think it will. Even just the Roadster
without the SpaceX package will be uh
probably fairly expensive car. I think
there was a moment in time when Elon I
think I think it was him who said this.
uh I didn't really look for it, but I
think he was talking about performance
and you know we we there's like two
measurements of performance on these
things are usually like 060 0 K not 60
is always a number and then there's a/4
mile number you know um and I was
looking at uh I said what's the fastest
thing that we have today and it's this
modified
you know 1200 horsepower motorcycle that
does 0 to 60 like in
&gt;&gt; 1.4 4 seconds or something.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Now, can you imagine this car, which is
a bit of I mean, these motorcycles are
not small motorcycles. They're kind of
complete. I I posted a a picture
somewhere of
uh one of these drag type of
motorcycles, the one that achieved the
the the highest speed record, which was
high 200 mph range. I know it's crazy.
Like quarter mile in 5.5 seconds. I
mean, that's nuts because
Yeah, that's nuts. Um, I think a Plaid
a Tesla Model S Plaid can do quarter
mile on a good day under 10 9 something
I think if I've got my numbers right.
Imagine something that's, you know, and
that's like, let's zero to 60 like 2.3
2.4 something like that, right? I don't
know. Um, but of course it, you know, it
matters because why would we measure it
to the quarter mile too and and the
speed over the quarter mile because uh,
you know, most that's always been a good
measurement criteria for an ICE vehicle
because of how it has to maneuver
through its gear. And um
&gt;&gt; these electric cars have have shown a
completely different dynamic and yet
some of the things are still firm,
meaning you still have this whole idea
of frictional tire patch and you have to
get through that. And so you you know
plenty of um science and prep the car
and how you get it ready to to to build
the best
fastest uh 060 quarter.
But, uh, you know, yeah, I mean, these
motorcycles are insane. Uh, imagine a
car that can carry two people and, you
know, you could also go to In-N-Out and
be able to best one of those
motorcycles. I mean, I think Tesla I
think uh I think Elon wants to win this
race if you know what I mean. Like, you
know what I mean? Like, he's he's
retired the highest performance
production car, the Model S Plaid. He's
retired that effectively. So, he's he's
given that he's given up the crown,
right? I mean, um, I think the I don't
know who wins that now. Lucid or
something. One of, you know, I don't
know, somebody um, and I'm not talking
about, you know, your friend's
super modified 1,200 horsepower
Corvette. That doesn't count. Um,
so, um, so he's got to get back in that
game. Yeah, there's something to be said
about having the the, you know, the
highest cutting edge vehicle on the
market.
uh this gives them an opportunity to
showcase that.
&gt;&gt; What a fun project to work on if you're
an engineer.
&gt;&gt; It's totally cool, right? Because
because I think you're the cool thing is
you're kind of off the beaten path. Um
you know, I I wouldn't say you're
completely it's a pressure-free
environment. I think, you know, there's
a good chance that Elon's been pushing
this harder than we think he has.
Everybody thinks he's you know, like
this will never happen. Um, now we have
a glimpse of it actually happening. I
can't wait to see what what they do.
&gt;&gt; But, you know, I think the the other
thing in a more serious note is beyond
the um the entertainment value of this
and uh there there are potential
technologies being developed here that
could change the way we do
transportation, right? We are so used to
cars
creating that four tire on-road
scenario. We've done it for
effectively a century. Um,
and uh, you know, we paved half the
planet to get there. You know, it's it's
it's very weird, right? It's like,
&gt;&gt; do you notice how like you know, it's
like remember we like in China, you
know, they got to a point where in some
rural areas they skipped uh, stringing
up they went to cellular phones. they
skipped uh the need to to wire to to run
wires everywhere, you know. Um
&gt;&gt; that was the case in Africa too, many
places.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and maybe there's a point
where we can skip the need to to build a
road um to move somebody. But um
cool. I like how we're sitting in it,
too. That's right.
&gt;&gt; Can we afford Can we afford it?
&gt;&gt; I think between the two of us between it
might take two of us, Phil, to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We have to pull our resources.
&gt;&gt; Maybe our snarky little uh Sam Alman
shouldn't have uh cancelled his order.
&gt;&gt; That's right. He's gonna
&gt;&gt; No, now he's not getting one.
&gt;&gt; Well, they they may have canceled his
order for him anyway, even if he didn't
himself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, his order got lost somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, speaking of cutting edge
technology, right, we expect some pretty
amazing things here from Tesla and
SpaceX. How about this other company
that's now uh invented a folding phone?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What are your thoughts on this little
company called Apple?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean I you know I uh so many
things so many things to say about this.
Um
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; touched the nerve with that one.
&gt;&gt; It has for a while, you I mean, I I
worked 10 years of my life at Apple and
um and uh you know, I I went there
because of because of what's in this
post. If you do do you have the second
portion of this picture here?
&gt;&gt; I do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Could you just show that?
Uh do you have Do you have one more by
Yeah, there we go.
&gt;&gt; This one. There we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is the original Macintosh
that was uh introduced to the world in
1984 when I was still in high school.
um this product changed my life and it's
the reason I'm in California and uh you
know I had uh the time owned an Apple 2
computer and what was what was happening
was you know was getting very corporate
and IBM introduced the IBM PC I think in
1982ish
time frame and I was very bored with it
and it didn't feel playful and um
interesting And this story here that I
wrote is I I walked into a a computer
retail store. They had them back when uh
it was called Computerland.
It was in uh Eatentown, New Jersey. I
remember that. Not too far from where I
grew up. And I was there to visit a
friend who worked there. Um I was just a
kid and I walked in, I saw this product
sitting in the back of the store. It,
you know, it just it called me. It said
hello. I mean, that's what was on the
screen. By the way,
&gt;&gt; that program that you see there is MC
Paint. It's produced by a gentleman by
the name of Bill Atinson, absolute
genius, who worked on the original uh
Mac. And what he did wasn't create just
the program MC Paint. He created the
entire underlying um drawing package
known as Quickdraw that supported all
this. He built this as a demo of his own
technology. Uh, of course, we we know
this program well. We call it Photoshop
today, right? I mean meaning you know it
it it survived if you if you understand
what I mean.
&gt;&gt; This was the first time that I was
introduced to the to the pixel. You know
this in other words prior to this
computers weren't pixelbased. We didn't
think of them as pixelbased. We think of
them as character-based that they
emitted characters on the screen.
&gt;&gt; And of course this is a CRT screen. It's
not even a a flat screen type of thing.
Uh this this is a box. This thing is as
deep as it is wide. Uh, and I am staring
at, by the way, as I say this, I am
staring at one a mere three feet from
me. I have my original Mac, uh, right
behind this monitor. And, um, and this
changed my life. And, and this, you
know, was magic delivered in a box from
Apple. And uh
and what what it did is and and you know
people who have read my article called
the future device which is a repost of
yeah I'm reposting it is it introduced a
new HMI.
Uh in other it's a different way for a
human to interface to a machine. This
was the mouse and the pixel effectively.
I mean, if you think about it, in terms
of manipulating pixels and being able to
dynamically express stuff, it wasn't
direct manipulation where we weren't at
the stage of multi-touch, which was
introduced with iPhone. We we had to
manipulate from afar, but we can
manipulate the screen down to the pixel.
Uh, particularly in that programmatic
paint. And you know, I watched uh
witness between the last pod and you
know what and uh the 99 event at Apple
and yeah I was uh excited by the duo. I
think that you know it it it shows
Apple's a master at delivering hardware
at the right time to the masses when
it's no longer it's not the first
foldable. Uh,
&gt;&gt; but it's definitely probably the best
foldable.
Um, now I haven't seen it yet, so I
can't say. But you know,
the problem is that I think it the the
way I start out this is like hello. And
the reason I said hello specifically
is because that's what John Turnis is
using as his new introduction to the
world. He starts off by saying hello.
And you know, I think he's reaching back
to literally the picture that I put on
screen.
And as I said to others, I am hopeful of
his tenure as as CEO coming from the
hardware side of Apple that he will
create magic in a box.
Um,
is Duo that product? No, absolutely not.
You know, Duo is a
iPhone. It may if if done very well and
price comes down, price is very high
right now. You know, I mean, I don't
expect the price to be dramatically
lower if you consider what it's got.
It's got more than a screen, if you
will. It's got an outer screen, an inner
screen. It's got
&gt;&gt; there's a lot of tech in that thing.
&gt;&gt; Um,
and I might own one. You know, I'm not
I'm not against
owning one. In fact, I I didn't upgrade
my phone this year because I'm sort of
waiting till October to see if I want
one. But that said, it's not it's not
something new. And we don't need new
just because we need new, right? It's
sort of like this whole need and want
matrix. It's sort of like I want
something new, do I need something new?
Well, if it delivers high high utility.
Uh,
and so the whole point of this article
is I'm saying that we went through the
Macintosh age.
uh Macintosh that computer that you saw
on screen a lot of people are not
familiar with that computer but they are
familiar with how it changed the world
and there is no doubt uh you would have
to be um you'd have to be very wrong to
convince me or you know you'd have to it
would take a lot to convince me that
that computer didn't change the world
that that computer is the reason
Microsoft became Microsoft
&gt;&gt; uh it copied the interface of of the Mac
uh with its breakthrough product Windows
95 and uh that essentially is what built
that company into the powerhouse that it
became. Uh
so there's no doubt that that that set
an entire it's a generational product
and then we got another one which is
effectively iPhone and you could say oh
you know there were these touchcreens
before. Yeah, right. Mhm. Sure. No, the
reality is Apple threw it down with that
product. They invented effectively
multi-touch.
Um,
Android exists because of that phone.
And so now there's this whole ecosystem
with a new HMI, a direct manipulation
HMI. And and and what I'm saying is,
hey, guess what? There's room every
generation, every 20 years, every 25
years, we enter some we introduce
something new. And and most of the
reason that it's not just a
consolidation of technology, it's not
just that. It's it's largely because we
introduce a new HMI. We do we introduce
a new way to interact with a device.
It's not just the the device itself.
It's sort of like its expression of the
world. How we interact with it is is a
principle defining reality of it. And
that's why I say the future device is in
fact Optimus because I think that that
that for the first time this will be a
type of thing that we interact with
voice in a way that feels like it needs
it and feels like it would be super not
supernatural but super d-natural because
it looks like a human and that's how we
interact. That's how we're interacting
right now. So
&gt;&gt; it would be weird not to talk to
Optimus. It would be weird not to talk
to Optimus. And when we start to talk to
something like that and it starts to
talk back and it becomes and it just
sort of disappears.
The interface the complexities the
interface disappear. It's the realities
of something like multi-touch, right?
Multi-touch disappears. It doesn't you
don't think of yourself doing it. You
just do it.
&gt;&gt; Um and I think that's what this will
bring to us. It's not the first device
that we will talk to and will talk back
to us. We do it with Grock today. But
this is the first one where
it will feel supernatural to do that.
And then it has another beautiful
component to it. It is the first device
that can do
doo do. It has agency. It can manipulate
the world. It can do it in front of us
because we commanded it to do so. And it
can do it agentically, meaning
asynchronously. We can ask it. We can
say, "When I'm gone, I want you to do
this to the home." And it can go off and
do that.
&gt;&gt; So now it has this agency, right? And if
you couple together this natural
interface with this agency,
uh, you do have something new. what
you're left holding is this idea that oh
all future devices must
be smaller,
you know, like we've gone from like that
Macintosh that's sitting right behind me
is quite a beast compared to my MacBook
Air that I'm talking on. So, we've seen
the evolution, the revolution of
technology bring us smaller devices. And
in fact now we have pieces of glass that
you know literally sit in our pocket 98%
of well if they're not in our hands it's
in our pocket they're not far they're
not separated from us.
&gt;&gt; So this would be a weird one from that
perspective but maybe not that weird
especially if you consider how I see the
future of this device which is that
you know you just spoke about how your
wife interacted with Gro and the cyber
cap. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, the future of that is she's going
to be just interacting with Optimus in
the cyber cab, just not the physical
form of it,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But it's going to be that Optimus.
It's going to be, you know, she's going
to have that conversation and it's going
to travel with, you know, is the second
she leaves Optimus behind as soon as you
leave the physical behind and you leave.
And if you don't put Optimus in your
Cyber Truck and you leave to go down to
Austin or you grab a cyber cab, um that
expression
is the same person.
&gt;&gt; And I think that's where you get the
difference. Uh now of course I've I've
made the further claim that that's what
the ultimate destination
compute destination for star mind is the
omniresent
relationship with your optimus
lives in the effective cloud although
it's giving clouds a funny name because
it's way above our clouds but
&gt;&gt; it's above the clouds. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's above the clouds, right? You know,
in the in the beginning of this
conversation to frame this, I said one
of the reasons you build Star Mind is
you build the largest compute fabric
ever. And the reason you do that is
potentially because you have this desire
to have this sort of weapon against
other AIs. In other words, you have
something that's so big at scale, uh so
smart and so big that it can can readily
uh monitor other AIs in real time across
the planet. And that's one potential use
uh that that most people don't think of
in that dimension. But then the other
potential use is that I think it is it
becomes the u you know a couple billion
optimists are running real time there.
So, I'm hopeful Apple gets its act
together and I'm hopeful that John
Turnis pulls a rabbit out of a hat and
does something cool and interesting and
um and potentially Apple could be, you
know, could could wow us again with the
next generation of device that changes
um HMI.
But I don't think it's going to be
Apple. I think it's going to be Tesla or
should I say
&gt;&gt; XCORP. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; for SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, a couple things. Do you think that
Apple will get into the humanoid butt
space?
And then secondly, the extension of this
clearly is Neurolink where you can
basically keep pace with your AI and
your robots thinking via an implant in
your head and it greatly increases your
ability to communicate with the future
device.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's the ultimate extension, but
that's, you know, a little ways away
from a mass adoption standpoint. But
maybe just bring it back to Apple. Does
Apple need to to play here to be
relevant?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um, I mean, will it? I
don't know. It's been rumored to be
making a desktop kind of aentic kind of
little robot thing that doesn't it
doesn't have agency. Doesn't really
can't do very much, but it can
apparently turn and look at you and
address you. So, it has a natural voice
interface and you know, it's sort of
like
the next version of Alexa,
um, but doesn't move around. Yeah. But
it does
potentially have personality, meaning
it, you know, I think the point I'm
making about when the thing talks to you
is it isn't just about getting data back
and forth. It's about
creating a a sense of being there. Um,
&gt;&gt; something that is with you. It's like
your personal butler. It's your CP3L,
whatever. Elon would, you know, bring it
back to that. I do think Apple needs to
get get there. But I don't know, you
know, I don't know what they're going to
do. um
they're kind of stuck on this idea that
they've got this credible product and
companies companies die for this reason
more than other reasons successful
companies you know they they they can't
get out of their own way because the
product they have to build ecosystem
around that product I mean
&gt;&gt; John Turnis said something that I was
going to say pissed me off but just got
me going he used the word this device is
your hub your hub your hub He said that
word like 52 times and I was like don't
say that. Like
it's it's wrong. It's it
if if what I mean by that is the word
doesn't offend me. What what bothers me
is what is he thinking? What is he
thinking about the future of the
company? Is he thinking that? Is he
thinking that the iPhone is such the hub
that they're stuck on it? that all uh
hardware innovation is duo like in the
future. Uh more hardware integration at
that physical device. I mean, why not
run it up that flag pole? If I were
them, I would. But the point I'm making
is
I'd be working on another flag pole.
You know, I wouldn't just stick with the
proverbial iPhone is the future of of
all devices that humanity will ever use
kind of thing, you know, because because
it lacks the ability to do is really one
of the the big, you know, next things. I
mean, think about one of the big next
things in technology. We've we've got
plenty of AIs that are starting to do,
but they're all doing in the digital
realm. You know, they're able to
potentially balance our checkbook or I
checkbook is a silly term. They're able
to to to to to manage our lives in so
much that the barrier is still physical.
They still can't clean the house. They
still can't cook the dinner. They still
can't shop for us. They still can't walk
the dog. They still can't help grandma
get around. They can't do any of those
things. They have more and more
intelligence. You know, we're building
these intelligent things, but they they
have no agency. They have no ability to
do. So,
I don't want Apple to get stuck in that
rut. So I worry when John says something
maybe that's the right word worry when
he says the word hub hub hub over and
over again um
because it is you know what they've done
with that product
is they developed the product and
they've around it they've developed
ecosystem complimentary products they've
treated it as the hub because well it
works for them you know like this watch
on my wrist has no use if can't pair
with that phone.
&gt;&gt; It can't even do much without it. I
mean, I can walk away from the phone
with this watch and it and it and it
lives outside that box, but it still
pairs to the phone. Still doesn't pair
to an Android, to an iPhone, my um
AirPods, you know, I mean, that's those
things are really set up to connect to
my phone. And I've got iCloud, which is
all about for 90% of everybody, it's
about photos in the cloud, right? really
if you get down to it. So it's it's it's
like Apple's taken product develop
ecosystem.
&gt;&gt; And what I what I what I said in this
article is
&gt;&gt; it kind of flips the story here. The
combination of Tesla and SpaceX can
develop ecosystem first and stick
product in the ecosystem. What I mean by
that is you can create a digital
optimist first before you ever need the
physical.
&gt;&gt; It's a really cool thing, right?
&gt;&gt; Like in fact we are we already seeing
digital optimist the prototype It's
called Grockbot.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And people are loving it and I'm loving
it. It's pretty fantastic.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they kind of they've given it a
little personality. It's got a cutesy
little facy thing going on. They're
starting to get it. I I'm not sure Tesla
feels the same way that I do about their
future in this article. Um uh I'm not
saying I'm right. I'm saying that I
believe that this is the path that
they're probably traveling down. either
they'll collide into this path uh or
they've already planned it out and this
is the path. That's what I think. Um
but I think it's really interesting
because it maybe the first time we've
ever seen sort of an ecosystem develop
products second you know right we always
start with this fulcrum product this one
product expands get ecosystem around it.
What ecosystem means from a from a
financial point of view it means is that
we pay a monthly fee for something you
know for or we buy accessory products
for something. Go ahead Phil the way I
sort of view this is that you know we've
got humanity that drives his economic
system
over millennia. Humanity has learned to
make tools
that's made us productive. It's allowed
us to
prosper and expand our economy over a
long period of time
&gt;&gt; and humanity's accelerated that.
&gt;&gt; But now we're crossing this transition
into this world where we no longer need
to make babies
to improve our future prosperity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; right. We should continue to do so. But
I'm saying that we we are the first,
you know, Optimus, you turn it on, it's
like having a baby go from being zero to
&gt;&gt; 21
&gt;&gt; like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a you're making a really good
point here. Yep. Keep going.
&gt;&gt; Right. And like you say, we're
developing this ecosystem, this
platform. And then from here, once we've
got this physical being that's super
intelligent and super capable, then it's
a question now, just like humanity, of
putting the right tools in its hands.
&gt;&gt; Right.
Right. And some of those tools are
physical and some of the tools are, you
know,
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; not digital. That's kind of the way I'm
viewing it is is that and I've said this
before that this this is the first time
in all of human history that we've
invented something that can out compete
us virtually on every every metric.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and and can use the tools
we've invented for ourselves.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know, I mean it there's no other
device if you haven't created anything
yet that
&gt;&gt; specialized robots aren't those things.
I mean, this this thing can walk into my
kitchen and do the things I do in my
kitchen more efficiently. Um, think if
you're a carpenter, right, and all you
have is a hammer.
&gt;&gt; You can only do so much. A skilled
carpenter could probably do a lot with a
hammer.
&gt;&gt; But think about then you put power tools
and drills and saws and all kinds of
fancy equipment and you can suddenly
become a master carpenter and you can
build these beautiful things. Now
imagine if you add these to the
workforce
what you could create.
&gt;&gt; Well I mean
sorry go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Well the finishing final thought on that
is just that and then then the economic
output that that allows you to create.
&gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say is that
you know if you think about economic if
you think about this is a from that pure
economic output point of view. What we
started what you started saying to
finish your thought is you're like we
put humans into the world to to to to
train them up to a level of of utility,
you know, and it takes uh you know 15 to
20 years to get them going, you know,
fully trained, ready to enter the
workforce, whether it's white collar,
blue collar. Um
now we can produce them off an assembly
line,
you know, in fact they can make
themselves at some point. It's a totally
different dynamic, you know, and it's
it's it's the uh the ultimate tool
because like our tools have become more
intelligent. I mean, we're talking about
AI. Started this talking about AI. These
are intelligent tools
if used right. I mean, if used right,
they're always in the commands of
humanity. They're always in the commands
of humans. like they're always as as
they're always
if used right to a certain extent they
should always be viewed as
the ultimate tool.
um this tool can do, you know, and this
tool can use other physical tools that
we've created to do. Um
there's always this funny thing people
like, well, why would you create this
thing in humanoid form? You know, it's
like, are you kidding? Like like
immediately it enters a world that's
built for it
&gt;&gt; or built for us or it. So immediately
utility very high you know are we in the
best form we could be for doing things
no but that's what evolution delivered
and so we built the whole world around
us for that purpose and uh maybe someone
could conceive of a robot that had a
completely different way of uh
interaction
and uh and a different sensor set you
know I mean like right now like I think
I think we had this conversation before
right now we As humans, we have, you
know, we have a we have a pretty limited
sensor set. I mean, it it's pretty cool.
Like, we got two eyes, two ears, we got
a lot of twos, but um but our eyes, you
know, we only see a certain amount of
the of the spectrum. This thing we see
here is just the beginning of time, you
know, it's just the beginning of time.
Meaning like first instance of it, it
essentially copies the human sensor set
for lack of better um specificity,
right? Copies. It's a copy.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh it has two eyes, although it has
more, believe it or not. You know, I
mean, like when you look, it's really
got a 360 view, but it sees in our
visible spectrum. uh doesn't see in the
infrared, doesn't see in the ultra ultra
of violet range, you know, it it's kind
of confined to where we see the world,
which is fine most part. Um, however, it
senses the world, you know, uh, it is
meant to approach the world at the
sizing that we see the world. So, you
know, we don't
even see microscopically, right? we see
like at a certain I don't know what
there's a term for this but there's a
certain focal length that we kind of
live in like literally we built the
world around that too. So this product
enters the world with agency but it also
enters the world with uh human
capability but also human limitation.
But there will be a moment sometime uh
that this product will know more about
things than I mean like like we carry
around a phone that delivers us today uh
a GPS address, latitude, longitude,
altitude and that tells us where we are
on the planet uh beyond I mean if you go
back uh just you know 2530 years 50
years you know we really didn't know
where we we are other than reference
points and maps. apps and uh and mapping
systems that we created around it. But
we we had to know kind of where we were
to know where we were. Um and now we can
literally wake up, open our eyes, look
at our phone, and it will tell us that
oh, you know, somehow we landed in the
middle of Antarctica. Um
&gt;&gt; I mean it might feel really cold, but we
don't know if we're at in the Arctic or
in Antarctica, but we can we can, you
know, turn on our phone and figure that
out. So there's a point where this
device starts to integrate much many
more sensors
and things where it can really really
expand its utility. Um
and but I think it enters the world at
the you know if you could kind of full
circle this
I think it is the next revolution in
HMI. I think it that is what has created
our future device revolutions is
not just the compute power of the thing
but also um you know it's HMI it's it's
how do we interact with it how does it
interact with with us and uh this
product I think has that ear marking for
sure
&gt;&gt; just another thing too to think about
&gt;&gt; um you Think about the vision system on
this robot.
And maybe it won't be here initially,
but for example, there's a company now
by the name of Planet that's putting up
satellites.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That can um they have more than 400
spectral bands. So, not only can it see,
you know, visible light that humans can
see, but you can see, you know,
other, you know,
the form the wavelengths of light that
humans can't see,
&gt;&gt; right? One of the one of the great
advantages is that you can look at
tracking of gas. So, for example,
methane gas leaks, it can look at the
earth and determine pipeline leaks
anywhere in the world,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, from a constellation of
satellites around the earth. put that
kind of detection capability inside an
Optimus head. And I don't know why you
wouldn't at some point if you could get
the cost down.
&gt;&gt; I don't know how much these systems
cost, but I would assure I'm sure
eventually if you're making tens of
billions of robots that you could figure
out a way to get the cost of those kinds
of systems down. So why wouldn't you
have that capability in this inside the
head of every robot?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then and then ultimately the
reality is that you you you how you
deliver that is sort of a hive mind.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's it's it's sort of one
sensor, right? If you take a billion of
these things running around the planet
and now you can I mean the whole point
of that that system you talked about is
not only
&gt;&gt; um seeing more but seeing more on a
consistent real-time sort of a real-time
basis almost, you know, like um that's
right.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you can see differencing, you
know, it's like it's like if you can if
you could image something every hour,
you could see a lot of change, right?
Yeah. Um we we've talked about
&gt;&gt; track the chemical composition of
everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean
&gt;&gt; in real time
&gt;&gt; there's so many things and I you know I
I've written about it uh we've talked
about it is that these Tesla SpaceX
systems as a as a whole become
become a hole. they they become you know
a sensor suite that we talked about
how cyber cab
uh in its limit can be the ultimate uh
city management sensor system that
detect all sorts of things in the city.
&gt;&gt; Um you know we talked about the lost dog
idea. You know, like someone says, "My
dog got out." And all of a sudden it's
tracked 2 miles away by some cyber cab
who received orders to go look for a
dog. You know, oh, German Shepherd's
running around. Um, came out on this
street. We see it here. You know,
there's a lot of big brother to that
obviously. Um, like anything, it's it's
a it's a tool that needs some thought.
But uh if you have a billion or 100
million
optimists running around uh think of it
sensor set as a collective you know we
can't do that as humans really I mean we
can call in post something talk about it
together we can you know we don't uh but
but but the problem with that is we
can't do it like that you know so
there's so many things that we can't
solve because of that um
&gt;&gt; but this device you know if think about
it is like
and by the way nothing stops this device
from coupling its sensors with cyber gap
concurrently you know it's like in words
nothing
&gt;&gt; it's nothing particularly
&gt;&gt; yeah um so that's interesting um you
know one of the things that I I I wanted
to say also is that you made me think of
before is one of the things I you know
big theme of this is is new HMIs uh
human to machine interface and you you
brought up neural link and and um and
you know where does that go and and one
of the realities of of of of all our
HMIs is that um one of the things that
they've done for us is they've increased
our bandwidth to the machine.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; so you know you go back in the earliest
of days um
you know programming computers with
these tapes and and so forth we had to
interface with the device. Yeah. card
system, card systems or these scroll
tapes that you know punch tapes. Um we
had to communicate with the device very
low bandwidth
uh exercise. Didn't get a lot of
information in, didn't get a lot of
information out. Uh that was one of the
limiting factors. Not just the compute
surface, but also that uh we bring
ourselves to character-based computers.
Well, that kind of exploded that
ability. you know, we're now interacting
with the uh the compute somewhat more in
real time, you know, or it's doing stuff
more in real time with us. And then we
got to that that Macintosh device where
we're now down to manipulating the pixel
and and and we're direct manipulating
through the mouse, you know, where we're
not we we we we didn't stop using a
keyboard, but we added something else
that mouse or now touchpad that allows
us to um interact with that device, you
know, kind of tangentally but still. And
then we got to multi-touch and now we're
directly manipulating um
the the device, you know, like literally
directly manipulated. Then we get to
voice and and and and through every step
we've increased our bandwidth to um to
interact and um and you know voice is a
certain bandwidth that can be well is
well characterized and how much is you
know we can only speak and we can only
hear at a certain rate as humans. Uh
that doesn't mean that the optimist
can't speak much quicker and hear much
and and hear more concurrently than us,
but it's still got to interface to us.
So it's sort of limited in that way. It
may be able to listen to multiple
conversations at once and have no
problem with, you know, like both of us
could talk at at once and we don't have
to uh share, you know, so it increases
its ability, but ultimately it's got
that limit. And and what Noralink is
attempting to do is sort of do a direct
interface to the brain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and and you can imagine if you
couple Noralink uh with the proper
wireless technology, which is sort of
kind of how it works in a way. Uh and
now you've got the ability to uh
potentially interface to compute systems
like Optimus without actually talking to
Optimus at all. You know, again, it
sounds science fiction and it sounds um
potentially scary, I guess. I don't
know. But but but it did increase the
bandwidth through which we could could
interact. So right now we're still
fairly limited, you know, and I think we
like to be limited at sometimes too, by
the way. I mean, it's almost um you
know, even though we could talk to the
device, sometimes we don't because we we
we we'd rather like it allows us to
think um cuz cuz we get ahead of
ourselves if if if our bandwidth is too
high uh as well, you know, we don't
we've been built for that evolutionarily
speaking. We've been built our brains
have of have adapted to kind of um uh
our input output modalities. So like,
you know, it's like adapting to a new
one doesn't mean that the brain speeds
up. You know, we're not getting a faster
CPU. Um the the the robot will be in
charge of, you know, training us,
improving our, you know, our capacity to
the extent that it can.
&gt;&gt; You know, yeah, there's another way of
thinking about that. Like there's no
reason as a human that we need to fill
our brain learning Italian if we're an
English speaker because a robot can
handle that for us, you know?
translate to an Italian speaker
that you know that's the kind of thing
that you don't do when you get something
like this that becomes your eyes and
ears it
&gt;&gt; and can interface to the world in a in a
different way. Another way to think
about it too is just like um how much
bandwid you know like we we we um today
you know we might absorb information by
reading a book which is a cool thing to
do still right it's kind of cool member
people you can still read books uh and
it's a good way to gather a lot of
information but it it's not it's not
very high bandwidth right but one way to
to to to make that higher bandwidth
types of thing is and we do it today we
already do it today we say uh here's
this YouTube broadcast gro summarize it
give me to too long to read version of
uh of uh Elon's interaction today at the
you know or yesterday at the all-in um
we we already do that you know we're
already starting to use that AI as a
tool to uh compress
uh you know here's a book on our shelf
what's the summary of that book uh or we
can even ask it in a different way
what's the most interesting book
uh that I would like to read based on
these criteria which you're not going to
find in some review. You might you might
like a category of thing. Um, and now
you can use an AI to to it's like a
compression. It's compression, right?
It's like it's compressible.
&gt;&gt; But wouldn't it be nice to wake up and
you effectively you've read the book
overnight while you're sleeping?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's a that's a nice brain
implant. Yeah. And but but but the other
thing about that is does that need to be
seated in the brain or can it just be
highly available?
We we don't think of it as like
&gt;&gt; do we if we have high availability to
information
that we can instantly access without a
lot of um cumbersome activity cumbersome
HMI
um you know we can say we can ask that
question almost in our brain of another
brain I mean that's
&gt;&gt; what can do for us as well because it
can it's like sort of an ultimate human
to machine interface
&gt;&gt; we can be asking an AI I to do like like
I I suso I suppose we could be asking
that AI without directly asking it. Uh
just implant in our brain what I'm
hearing from this Italian speaker into
English words. Just implant that into
our brain. So it's like dynamic
translation
&gt;&gt; and it's a different way of thinking
about it. It's it's it's not like we're
having a device, you know, slow down and
translate and do all these things. We're
we're we're it's just implanting the
thought in our brain of what uh you know
what we've heard.
&gt;&gt; Fascinating, isn't it? Um
&gt;&gt; it's you know, so here we have Tesla and
SpaceX developing humanoid robots and
Star Mind and all this and we've got
Apple developing, you know, foldable
phones.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It sure seems like, you know, one set of
companies is heading in a very different
direction than than Apple is. But
&gt;&gt; uh I guess Apple has been famous for,
you know, being kind of slow to the to
the start line and developing something
that's pretty amazing. So shouldn't
count them out yet. And hopefully with a
new leader, they get themselves back on
the right path.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I hope so. I mean, I don't think
&gt;&gt; I don't think they're on the wrong path
from other perspectives.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh incredibly financial success. Um you
know, I'm a big investor in Apple, made
a lot of money through Apple. We want
something more. And we it's it's either
their chance to
look I I guess the whole point of saying
Macintosh, the whole point of saying
iPhone is to show a sequence of things
that they did that are the revolutions
in compute over the course of the last
50 years.
Are they the next one? I think they
can't be at this point. I don't think
they'll get there. I think they do have
to copy paste um uh what's coming out of
Tesla, SpaceX. That's my point of view.
&gt;&gt; Um in fact, that's why I've sort of
jumped off the Apple ship in a way I
find it that that they just haven't
delivered. Um the next thing and and and
again, it's important to point out the
next thing is not just about wow factor.
It's not just about drawing people to
stand in line to buy it. That's all fun.
That's all very interesting. But is it's
sort of like you know what Steve Jobs
had originally said like what's the
ultimate tool for the mind? I'm trying
to develop that, right? Or however he
said that. Um I think that's what that's
what they're held in some kind of like
suspension of like are they that company
that does it? And I think
&gt;&gt; that they're not going to they're not
going to be that unless they invent
something new that you know we haven't
yet thought of. I mean they they they
tipped into VR or it's not really
virtual reality sort of mixed reality
compute type of stuff and they kind of
got it wrong. They kind of got some real
I mean it's really cool stuff. Vision OS
and Vision Pro is cool in many many
ways. U and it's sort of
&gt;&gt; their idea is that is a new HMI, right?
It's kind of a blended uh what's the
right word for it? It's not VR, it's uh
whatever. But uh it's it's sort of a a
blending of of the digital um and what
the human interacts with. But but
unfortunately it's it's it speaking of
HMI, it's kind of like the wrong
interface. It's too heavy. It's a you
know, nobody walks around with a ski
mask and interacts with humans
naturally, you know, and that's why
everybody thinks the next big thing is
the glasses. And I'm here to tell you
that maybe that is true. I don't think
that, by the way, I do think Apple will
take that product that way. Absolutely.
I think they'll take Vision OS and
they'll run it up that flag pole which
will be glasses. Um and uh you know we
saw this pretty cool commercial the
other day uh I saw during a football
game uh where Meta was talking about the
Ray-B band glasses and it's sort of
weird because I think they did a good
job and this is Meta because I don't
think Meta is a consumer products
company and I don't think they'll ever
matter in that space to be honest with
you. I mean like I'm not saying I'm just
saying sorry they're not going to be
that company but I am going to give them
credit for this and one of the things
that they did was they said they were
going to give metal glasses to uh blind
veterans and that they showed an
instance where a blind person could say
you know where's my blue shirt oh it's
yeah it's right there and I was like you
know what that's really cool like that's
really cool um you know that's what that
kind of product can do for you where
you're, you know, it's like you're not
putting glasses on so you can you know
what we think of glasses we think of it
as like okay our vision's distorted.
They're just saying hey I'm going to put
this thing on so that I can actually see
cuz my vision is non-existent. Um,
that's why I think Apple thinks uh
that's why people think that Apple's
going to take these um AirPods and put
uh cameras in them as sort of a you know
kind of a new wearable cuz they found
that people generally wear them out in
public. You know, it's like uh that's
why there's an obsession with these um
wearables that uh in theory Open AI is
is building. you know, these little I
don't know, let's call them wear around
your neck things that see the world and
you can interact with and talk to and
they can do things on your behalf and,
you know, that's that's that's a
category. I just don't think it's a I
don't think it's the next device. I
don't think it's the future device. I've
written on what I think it is. So,
&gt;&gt; no, I think you're likely to be proven
right on that. I I think there's room
for other other devices to fill certain
roles, but
&gt;&gt; it's not the future device. Yeah.
Well, Phil, with that, I think we've
covered a lot of ground and um it's been
a great discussion. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks. You too. Awesome.
&gt;&gt; And uh look forward to the next one in
two weeks. I'm sure there won't be much
to talk about. Um if we stick to two
weeks from now, I think we'll be I think
one day before the 101 event.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
&gt;&gt; So, we'll have to see. We might we might
delay it again until after.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we did that last time for Cyber
Camp.
&gt;&gt; And we were smart to do that because we
had a lot to say about it.
And had we waited, we would have retread
the same stuff over and over again that
we've heard on the leadup. We would have
been predicting the number of cyber caps
in the market and yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we may make that proactive
decision again to do that. But anyway,
we look forward to that in a couple
weeks.
&gt;&gt; Cool.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Phil.
&gt;&gt; Oh, thank you.