Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       I let AI autonomously edit this entire video with 0 direction.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcyH6a6vgqE
Published:   2026-09-11 19:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-11 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm going to try an absolutely insane
test on this video. Apparently, there's
all these brand new tools that have come
out that you can hook into editing tools
for videos like specifically Da Vinci
Resolve where you can hook it up to Chat
GPT, Astra, the latest models or Claude
and their latest models apparently any
any AI and it will just edit for you. It
will just [music] just do effects. It
will remove the empty sort of spaces
between words. It will add captions.
[music]
It will do animations. In theory, it
should do B-roll. Who knows? I I I have
no idea. So, this is what I'm going to
do. This is going to be my experiment.
I'm just going to record this video and
I'm going to give it to my Grobbot. So,
Grockbot is this agentic tool that's
from XAI. I have a team of like I don't
even know 19 agents or something that do
all the [music] little things for my
business. They run ads for me for my
books. They do research for these videos
that I have on the channel. They'll do
titles, [music] you know, they'll figure
out what's the best title here. They'll
do factchecking. I have uh one that's
like my CFO. It looks like at the
[music] uh financials for the business
and say, "Hey, listen. You're spending
too much on freaking tokens. Calm down."
Just a bunch of different roles these
these bots have that basically run my
business on my behalf so I can just
focus on the ideas for the videos. So,
I'm going to I'm going to give it the
file. I'm going to be like, "Hey,
listen. We have Da Vinci on the Mac
Mini, which is this thing. If you've
ever wondered, you've been watching my
videos, what what the hell this thing
is, that's a Mac Mini with a monitor
where I have all my AIS running locally
as well as Grockpot, which is more on
the cloud, but it also runs on the
computer as well. It can sort of pull my
IME messages. It just it's it's crazy
where we're getting into. So, I'm going
to give it the video. I'm going to be
like, "Hey, listen. Da Vinci is
installing this in computer and it's
hooked up to these AIs. Just edit the
video." And I I don't even know what
this is going to look like, honestly.
like whatever you're seeing right now is
the end result [music] of what has
happened. I'm just going to upload it
just to see what it looks like. I and
I'm not going to do anything to [music]
it, anything else to it. I'm just going
to let it do its work and together we're
going to gauge and figure out just how
good of a job it did and also see like
is it going to do anything else that's
crazy or innovative or is it going to be
like a show. I'm going to guess
that it's going to be both. It's going
to be [music] both incredible and crazy.
Now, honestly, the the reason why this
is such a big deal, man, it's like it's
when they say AI psychosis is real.
[music] It's it's real. I haven't been
able to stop using these AI tools for
for my business uh and for everything
that I'm doing. What I'm finding is that
there's each week there's more and more
use cases for me to use AI [music] tools
to do literally everything. Even even my
wife who is nowhere close to being as
ridiculously insane, okay, [laughter] as
I am, she's a sane beautiful person
who's like a real person that that that
exists in this world. Even she is
finding a lot of value in using agents
for her stuff. So, she does a lot of
design work for the house. She's a
photographer as well. She does she does
a lot of editing work. She she loves to
uh cook. She she loves baking bread. So,
she has this agent that just helps her
with everything. Like, it will come up
with recipes. It will give her guidance
on how to design certain things. It will
help her edit a bunch of stuff for her
design work. It's just unbelievable. So,
even she's finding crazy value from it.
And then, if you've been following this
channel closely, we've been covering the
impact of AI on on industry, on the
world really, not just in the digital
world, but in the physical world. So,
just last week, Tesla released a Cyber
[music] Cab. And the Cyber Cab is a
two-seater without a steering wheel and
pedal that just drive itself all over
[music] Austin. And it uses AI to
operate. Okay. And we're getting all
these sort of news about how AI solving
helping solve rather medical like cancer
stuff. [music] We have just a few days
ago GPT the Astron or the next
generation of their model solved a
long-standing math equation or some sort
of proof that was um that had people
stumped for a really long time because
it was basically to prove it cuz it was
just so difficult uh but it figured it
out and apparently it's working on
something that's even more complex and
more difficult. So [music]
something is happening something is
happening as it pertains to the
positives of AI. I know there's a lot of
like this whole thing, oh AI is going to
kill us. AI is going to kill. Okay,
there are risks to every major
technology. Nuclear power gave birth to
nuclear weapons. It also gave birth to
nuclear power. Okay, [laughter]
to like nearly endless energy that we
can harness to power the world. All
right, fire. The very first humans that
were around, depending on your belief
system, but fire was discovered somehow,
right? Fire is easily one of the most
important things [music] of all time for
humans that can also burn down cities.
Electricity, one of the most important
life-changing things that has
dramatically improved the quality of
life for humans that can also kill you
[music] if you touch an expos exposed
wire. Okay, these game-changing
technologies like AI, depending on what
this video looks like, you might be
like, "Oh my god, this video is actually
trash. Burn it down. It's going to kill
us all." But every major technology has
this game-changing moment, this
game-changing nature to it that is
extremely [music] powerful to to do good
in the world. Cars, we all get into cars
every single day. And in the US, we
accept that 40,000 people a year die
[music] in car accidents and a million
of them get injured. Something like
that. We just accept that. Are people
just like not going to drive cars
anymore because 40,000 people die every
year in car crashes? No, we don't. Why?
cuz it's too good. It's too good. We
have to figure out how to get those
deaths down. Guess what? AI is probably
going to do that with this self-driving
technology. It's going to make these
cars a lot safer. Okay, it's just it's
just starting to drive me nuts. The
fear-mongering around AI right now
around like, oh, it's going to kill us.
It is such a stupid direction of this
conversation because the much more
helpful conversation here is that as
these AI technologies get better the
people that are doing these tasks if
they don't adapt to the new reality of
the world which is that this new
technology is coming in that's making
people significantly better at [music]
their jobs by leveraging it those that
don't leverage it or or are resistant to
it are going to fall behind. That's the
conversation. Okay. massively
game-changing technology is starting to
come through. I'm just giving this video
to the AI to see what it does with it.
It's going to go on the channel. It
might get 10 views. It might get 100,000
views. Who knows how what how this video
is going to do. But if you're not using
artificial intelligence, you need to
start using it now. You have to start
using it now. Do not wait. Don't be
resistant to this [music] thing. Oh,
corporations are going to start making
more money and they're going to take my
data and all this stuff. Okay, maybe
maybe they're going to make more money
if you use their AI tools. Yeah, but you
know what? What what you will be giving
up is the ability to create wealth for
yourself to to put yourself in a better
position to actually benefit from this
technology. There [music] is no time in
history where people that were resistant
to a technology came out on the winning
side of the other side of that
transition. They [music] all were left
behind. Every single one. And you can't
just sit there and resist this. This is
happening. It's happening. Okay? Now,
that doesn't mean like accept everything
that's being thrown your way. Be like,
"Oh, yeah. No, I just, you know, fight
for your rights. Fight for your privacy.
Fight fight fight for your freedom."
Okay? Both things can exist. Don't take
this view of like never am I going to
use AI or AI bad. This is such a toxic
stupid way of thinking about the world.
Harness these technologies. Figure out
how to leverage them. Use them to make
your dreams come [music] true. Whatever
those dreams are, and if you haven't
thought about your dreams, think about
your dreams, [music]
define those dreams, and then use AI to
make those [music] dreams come true.
It's actually very simple. Okay? And
this is maybe like my mentality. Maybe
it's a mentality thing. A little
background for people not familiar. My
parents are they immigrated from Iran to
Spain first in 1979. That's where they
had me and my brother. We were both born
in Spain. We came to the states in 99 in
pursuit of the American dream. [music]
My parents did anyway. And then my my
brother and I benefited from that
unbelievable move because we came here
with basically nothing and then through
hard [music] work and and leveraging
technologies and taking advantage of
opportunities [music] and just keep
moving forward and keep working hard to
make things happen. Our family is in a
in an amazing position. in an amazing
position, especially relative to a lot
of people. But it was it came out of
effort. It came out of working hard. It
came out of leveraging and taking
advantage of the things that are
presented in [music] front of us in a
country that is unbelievably filled with
opportunity and greatness and amazing
things. Okay? Even within this insane
political landscape that we live in,
this country is incredible. The amount
of opportunity you get in this country
is incredible. And there's no better
opportunity that there's no better
opportunity than artificial
intelligence. There is no better
opportunity than artificial
intelligence. So again, I'm kind of
testing to see how this thing's going to
edit this video. Maybe we'll do it like
every few months or whatever. Walk in be
like, "Here, just edit this. See what
happens." Right? The world is changing
very quickly, extremely quickly. You
cannot be left behind. Start using these
tools. Leverage them at your business,
at your place of work, [music] your
projects, your school. If your school
says like don't use AI, tell them to
shut up. Ask your parents to take you
out of that school and put you in a
school that will actually use AI and
will encourage the use of AI. If you
have a tool that's going to help you
achieve much bigger things, why wouldn't
you use it? And instead, use your brain
to dream big. Use your brain to think of
new ideas on how to solve things.
Experiment. go out there in the world
and try things, [music]
build things, try to offer things to
people that are valuable for those
people that those people don't even have
the time or want to do those things that
they would find valuable. Start solving
for those things using the superhuman
ability and AI to make those things
happen. Bye. See you. Let's see what
happens.