Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla's $25 Billion Might Not Be Enough! Here’s Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6PVM0BUPQI
Published:   2026-07-26 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-26 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's putting more than $2 billion
into the ground this year and just lined
up another 30 billion in bowering power
to go even faster. Elon called it
probably the fastest industrial scale up
in America since World War II. And when
you see the list, you'll understand why.
Right now, all at the same time, Tesla's
building Optimus lines in Fremont with a
second generation coming in Austin, the
robo taxi fleet, the cyberc cab ramp, a
chip fab, the terra fab, the
semifactory, mega 3, a lithium refinery,
a cathode refinery, battery cell
production, solar manufacturing from raw
silicon to finished panels and AI data
centers in a box they call megapods.
That's one company, one capex budget.
So, here's a debate today. Amazon is
spending around $200 billion this year.
Microsoft about the same. Is Tesla's$2
billion bold bet or not nearly enough?
Larry Goldberg is with me today and he's
the best person to have this discussion
with. Larry is a serial entrepreneur.
He's been an active venture capital
investor for the last decade. Check out
his website lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Thank you, Herbert.
Great to have you back.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much. And I appreciate
you covering for me. Great shows you and
CERN. Uh that was fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Well, we earn the big bucks, so you
know, it makes a lot of sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it's like the capex, right?
It's investments in you. Just kidding.
&gt;&gt; It's I owe you money. How about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Make it official. It's a loan. Um that's
that's what we're talking about. So, one
of the topics uh you and I have covered
quite significantly over the years is
Tesla's capex. you predicted quite
accurately two three years ago that
Tesla will come to the point of having
to have massive capital investments.
We're here now. Um and the question is
it too little too much but of course
thank goodness for your fighting way
back two years ago. Remember when
everybody was looking to dividends?
&gt;&gt; They wanted to buy back the buy back
shares. Yeah. Oh my
&gt;&gt; it's ridiculous. you you knew that we
were headed to a point of AI and you
knew that we're headed to point of
scale. So, here we are. Let's talk about
where Tesla's spending the money and the
stock fell the last quarter because of
them saying we're going to increase it
from 2025 billion. Um Google reported
and their stock fantastic earnings but
their stock fell because uh people are
scared of AI investment. Here's a useful
chart um that that tells cap Texas capex
in relation to the other big tech peers
and Tesla's way down here and
everybody's all concerned about$2
billion this is trailing 12-month capex
of going to go up to 25 Micron Walmart
look at Amazon Alphabet Google and I
think even Alphabet even increased it
beyond this chart. Uh any comments about
what's happening? Well, you know, Tesla
is incredibly capital um efficient. They
seem to get two to three dollars out of
every dollar they actually put into the
ground. Incredibly capital. In fact, I
don't think there's another company on
the on the NASDAQ or the New York Stock
Exchange for that matter that is as
capital efficient as Tesla. There two
levels of efficiency at Tesla. The one
is incredibly capital intense efficient
that is they spend a lot less money for
the same capital investment and the
second is that they're incredibly uh
cautious about uh their operating
expenses which I'll get to in a moment
but focusing just on the capital a
they're incredibly capital efficient
they seem to be able to do stuff with
less than you know 20% 30% of their peer
of their competitors and certainly
that's true in their manufacturing
operations but it appears true in their
in their um you know in their data
centers. I mean, they built Cortex
Cordex one complete. They're halfway
through building out Cordex 2. And, you
know, they're spending like a percentage
of the kinds of money that that these uh
uh that these other data center
developers are developing. Plus, at the
same time, they're building the robo
taxi. Plus, at the same time, they're
building out, you know, the lithium.
they built out the lithium plant and so
on and so forth, but there's no doubt
that capex is going to go up and I
predict that it's going to go up beyond
what they have actually already told us.
So I think we're going to see a doubling
of the cap cap capex because they've got
cyber robo taxis to buy including the
cyber cabs that they're building and
they've got to build out cortex too and
then we have this fab that you know
we've added. So I think I think I'll be
very I'll be shocked
if we don't actually up the capex
even higher than it than we are running
at right now and that we exceed rather
than we come in under every year so far
we've come in under the capex projection
that Tesla has given us at the beginning
of the year. This time I think we're
going to exceed it. So I expect next
quarter to be an even higher capex.
&gt;&gt; Okay. That would be very interesting. So
you think it's going to go beyond 25
this year?
&gt;&gt; I think we're going to exceed 25 this
year. Although
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Although the guidance has
cons consistently
&gt;&gt; been above what they actually get to. I
think this year it's going to switch. I
think we by the last quarter I think
we'll see capex jump.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And I and I'm okay with that. But
I want to ask you is where are they
going to get the money from? because you
so far which is good news uh the capex
for Q2 was actually a lot of it was paid
down by the operating business um GI
pointed out that in Tesla spent 6
billion in capex in Q2 which was was
expected which is a great jump cash only
went down by 1.2 two billion though the
operating business is funding AI
investments and um Elon actually said
yep but that may not continue right
because if robo taxi revenue and
optimist is way down the line but robo
taxi revenue is now potentially delayed
till next year where are they going to
get this uh they borrowed money
&gt;&gt; robo taxi revenue is not delayed
&gt;&gt; okay robo taxi revenue has already
started to come in just look at the line
item that says services look at the
growth of that services that growth of
services is not just actual vehicle
service and actual um supercharging.
There is robo taxi revenue there already
and robo taxi revenue is going to scale
very quickly, amazingly quickly. So
yeah, it's only a you know few hundreds
of thousands of dollars right now. It's
going to be a few millions of dollars by
the end of this uh
coming quarter and by next year it's
going to be running at hundreds of
millions and then get to the billions.
So, it's going to scale pretty damn
quickly. Just remember that every car
that goes into the robo taxi fleet is
like a 30 $40,000
investment. The the actual revenue is
scales, you know, within a month or two
of that. And so we it's eminently
financable. So every car that they put
into the rover taxi fleet can be
financed. Right now they're not
financing any of it. They're not taking
any long-term debt. So I see no problem
in them being able to finance the rover
taxi fleet without too much capital.
Look, the only capital that they need
that is, you know, not that has to be
financed out of, you know, higher level
debt is, uh, the factories themselves.
And right now, they've they've got the
cash. They've got almost 40 billion in
the bank. They've got they're they're
generating cash of three to four billion
a quarter. Um, by next year they'll be
going to be generating cash of five
billion, six billion a quarter and it's
going to be rising. So the last thing
that they're knitting their brow about
right now is financing this investment.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And now the $30 billion of
borrowing again. We knew that that was
going to happen. I think that's good
news, right? They did it. 30 billion is
a lot of money. Was that a lot more than
you expected?
&gt;&gt; No. No. It's within the realm. I I
expect by this time next year that that
line of credit is going to raise or that
that borrowing long-term borrowing is
going to get to 50 billion. I think
that's where it's going to stabilize.
Now, I expect there's going to be a
merger between SpaceX and Tesla and and
that's going to resolve to that's going
to resolve to a you know a larger
loan facility, a longerterm loan
facility and so on so forth. But if
Tesla were to stay you independent, I I
I expect that the long-term debt would
rise to in the range of 50 billion and
probably settle there. depends on just
how much money they need to raise for
the terra fab. That that's going to be
the big dollar.
That's going to be the big dollar bet.
That terapab is going to take a lot of
capital. Let's talk about that uh just a
little bit later. But um before we do
that, let's talk about what they're
raising the money for. Uh, one of the
line items and tell me if I'm wrong here
that I was kind of interested in excited
about that a few people are talking
about is how much money how their
progress with Cortex 2 and how much
money they spent there.
&gt;&gt; So this is the table that they shared
that the earnings call earnings deck
&gt;&gt; and they showed Cortex 2 greater than
115 megawws in production. Now they
doubled their training their compute
&gt;&gt; in the last quarter or two whatever it
was
&gt;&gt; and I think that that was a good number.
Um and look at this. So you can see here
uh Mar J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J
J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J J
J J J January to March,
&gt;&gt; here we are March to June, boom, popped
up. That's cap extra capacity. And then
by the end of this year, look at that.
It's going to be even higher.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's going to be there's
going to be a jump in the capital
expenditure for that. And uh
&gt;&gt; is that a new factory? Is it
&gt;&gt; second half?
&gt;&gt; I don't know if they'll call it Cortex
3. I think they'll just I think it's
part of it's the doubling up of Cordex
2. Right now Cordex 2 is in operation in
the first half of the factory.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're right.
&gt;&gt; They're busy building out the second
half of the factory and that is the
second half of the factory.
&gt;&gt; So that'll double to two to a quarter of
a gigawatt 230
megaww. So I think you're going to see
the same level of cash going into Cortex
that went into Cortex the first half of
this year in the second half of this
year. Gotcha. And now, so my argument
would be that Tesla's not spending
enough money. And now, now Elon will I
know Elon's smart. He he knows when to
spend money and not to spend money. He's
capital efficient. We're going to talk
about that. His comment about speed over
maximum cap. With regards to AI data
centers though, okay, so you got Cortex
one, Cortex 2. They've still got the
second half to build. That's great. I
want them to build more. Now, the
direction is that the data data centers
are going to be built by SpaceX.
So until SpaceX buys uh Tesla, I want
Tesla to spend more money, but do you do
you believe that they have enough? So
first, let me ask you, Cortex 2. I've
been asked this several times by several
people in just the last few days. Is
that being used for FSD or is it
Optimus? Now, my answer was it's not
Optimus because there's no Optimus yet.
Wait until they have a couple thousand
and then they're going to need to have
data center space to train that. But
right now, this might be being used for
FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I I I think it's being
used to buy the cars because we've
already got a fair number of cars.
&gt;&gt; Cortex 2.
&gt;&gt; Cortex 2 is being used for FSD.
Absolutely. Right now, I mean, there's
no question in my mind that that's what
what we're doing with Cortex 2 right
now. And
&gt;&gt; so with the jump allowed them to go and
implement version 15, which is a 10x
parameter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think the the part of part
of FSD15 has been implemented. I think
you know they've just they're using that
first part of Cordex 2A or whatever you
want to call it to to get uh FSD15 out
but it's going to take time. I mean they
they've said it's you know going going
this evolution is going on till the end
of the end of the year. So, I mean,
we've seen a dramatic improvement with
the advent of Cortex one. We saw
dramatic improvement in FSD. With this
part of Cortex 2 that we've got, we're
going to see a further dramatic
development and then the full
development when we get to the second
part of Cortex 2. So, we're happy you're
happy with that progress. You don't
think that they should be buying more.
They'll buy it when they need it, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I really don't think that they can
absorb a lot more. I mean they talk
about is it 10 10fold improvement or
15fold improvement in parameters. I mean
that's a huge improvement in parameters.
Not that they won't go on to develop
more but I mean to absorb that and to
manage that and to you know test that it
it's a huge jump huge jump. I mean,
&gt;&gt; okay,
&gt;&gt; you you can expect as big an improvement
as we got,
&gt;&gt; at least as big an improvement as we got
&gt;&gt; for cortex um for uh FSD
from 12 to 14 as we're going to get from
14 to 15.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you're happy with that? All
right. So, capital expenditure by Tesla,
is it too little or is it just right?
You're going to say just right because
you trust Elot, right? Well, it's
running a little bit behind um what I
thought it would be, but that's because
you have to build the shell before you
can put the equipment in. So, what
they've calculated in is all the
equipment arriving. Well, it hasn't
arrived and therefore it isn't being
installed, but it's, you know, I mean,
they've committed the the the money and
it's coming in and it'll be installed.
So the big investment is, you know,
getting the equipment up and running.
So probably the equipment for the um for
the truck
uh
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. for the semi has been paid for at
this point because it I think it's been
committed. I think it's been operational
but and and also the payment for all the
chips for um Cordex two uh for for
Cordex 2, the first half of Cordex 2,
but we haven't paid for the second half
of Cordex 2. We haven't paid for any of
the chipm plant. You know, we probably
paid for the cyber cab production line.
I think that's been paid for. Haven't
paid for the Optimus production line.
There's a lot to come. A lot to come,
you know. I mean, my goodness. Probably
paid for the lithium plant, at least for
the first half of the lithium plant at
this point. I I think they're doing I
think they're doing things as quickly as
they can. I mean, I I'm I'm not going to
fault them. I'm not going to score them
at this point. So Elon called it he said
that it's the fastest industrial scale
up in America since World War II. Like
given just just Tesla alone, just what
Tesla's building, all the factories all
the same time everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We have to differentiate between
what Tesla's doing and what the um what
the hyperscalers are doing because the
hyperscalers I would not call that
industrial.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I would say but but however the
the fabs of TSMC
and Samsung they're they're right up
there in terms of investment
but if you take everything that Tesla's
doing including including their fab the
terapab their share of the terapab it's
it's easily the most the the largest
single industrial
uh investment since World War II and
there's no doubt in my mind. I I think I
think it's probably competitive with you
know even Intel's investments. So it's
quite something.
&gt;&gt; It is something. Um but you know the
problem with investors is they can't
wait and they have no patience for this
because you're watching all these
factories but nothing's happening in
terms of revenue yet.
&gt;&gt; That's that's their loss and my gain.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Um, you know, honestly, that that's our
vigorish for those people who recognize
what is going into the ground.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That's their alpha.
For those that want to come who want to
take out of the ground already before
it's gone into the ground,
that's their loss. They don't have the
patience. They don't have the patient
money. They don't maybe they don't have
the capital. I don't know what it is,
but they're losing their shirts if they
sell out now and they'll be very sorry.
This is kind of like, you know, 2015,
2016 all over again or 2017 actually. I
think that's when the share hit its, you
know, its bottom. This is like
the factory is about to get solved.
production is about to be solved and
we're about to start turning out Model
3s at scale
&gt;&gt; and everybody's crying. You know, Elon,
you know, famously
&gt;&gt; went bankrupt on April one and yeah,
bankrupt on April 1 and
&gt;&gt; and people lost their shirts not because
they necessarily lost money, but but
they sold their stock. And look at where
we are now. We're, you know, they've
lost, you know, we're at the same
moment. And the moment is going to be
extended because until we see the turn
of robo taxi revenue, until we see, you
know, that huge
flow of cash, it's going to look bad
from just the, you know, balance sheet
from from the income statement
perspective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it is.
It's amazing how much money that they're
spending in capex. All the factories I
mean they themselves were couldn't
couldn't believe it. Even Ashok or Vibab
the CFO had to come and make another
comment about it in addition to what
Elon was saying because it is
unbelievable how many buildings they're
doing. Cars cyber cababs Optimus semi
lithium cathode refinery battery cells
solar manufacturing. Now all of a sudden
they added that Terra app which is even
the biggest one.
This is all setting up for something
big. Um before we move on I want to ask
you about Micron. Uh I think two or
three times he during the call paused to
thank
&gt;&gt; Nvidia and Micron and the chip fighters
for giving
&gt;&gt; first of all Elon and Tesla not not only
like allocation but like for the
foreseeable future. He locked it up. So
you know it's like Musk Elon thanked
Micron. This is coming from an expert
excerpt from Saurin Basher's article for
making room for Tesla in the years to
come and providing Tesla with a very
significant allocation on reasonable
terms. Despite what he called the pretty
insane pricing of memory right now, he
felt very comfortable that he was able
to strike that deal with Micron. He
framed Micron's decision as meaningful
because the company must make difficult
choices about which customers receive
scarce memory supply. Everybody by now
should know that memory as Elon had
predicted many months ago that it was
going to be the thing. Of course, it
became the thing and Tesla secured
priority access. This is I mean as an
investor I was like whoa this is this
sounds huge. This sounds important. It
sounds like wow we you know this supply
chain risk yet another supply chain risk
kind of like managed well ahead of time.
Imagine all the other mag seven
companies who don't do this, who don't
have this access. Well, they're going to
fall behind if you don't have enough of
what you need, right? Do you What was
your thoughts on this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have to be a little bit um you
know, measured in this. I I'm not sure
that the others are suffering
necessarily. I I don't want to comment
on on their situation. All I know is
that Elon has been very um astute
in maintaining relationships and and ma
and and keeping the supply where he
needs them. I don't think they've been
compute restrained to date. You know, I
go back two or three years when people
were asking us to buy back shares and
asking us to declare dividends and I
kept on saying guys the world, you know,
the the storm is coming. And we looked
at we looked at the uh dojo and the
number of chips and the the rate of chip
growth that um that Elon predicted or or
that the company projected and and I
turned that to money and I said guy we
can't pay back any we we're going to be
short of cash if anything and and indeed
we are. Oh, we had to Is that funny?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's not funny to you, but it's
like it was at that time 20 billion of
cash and everybody, a lot of the
analysts going, 20 billion, that's a lot
of money to sit on. Now we have 40
billion and now we're all saying that's
not enough because look, 40 billion is
tough change for what the other Mag 7
are spending on AI. Well, the other Mag
7, you know, they're building data
centers and data centers are incredibly
incredibly cap uh, you know, capital
hungry. Now, what's interesting is to
look at what SpaceX have done. SpaceXI
have done compared to the other Mac 7.
And here's the amazing thing. XAI has
been incredibly economic in their in
their implementations and in their
capabilities and it's showing. I mean,
they're being able to sell capacity at
premium prices for investments that are
significantly lower than other people
have been investing. And that's the same
thing true, by the way, of Cortex. And I
think a lot of that has to do with how
cortex are using um their own chips for
uh inference. So you know we're using
AI4 chips for a lot of inference work
that we're doing. It's very clever, very
very clever. And we'll be using AI5 and
AI6 chips. Um, and so our cost, you
know, is so if you think about the cost
of GPUs or the cost of, you know, buying
third-party chips, they're three to four
times the price of building your own.
&gt;&gt; The only problem is you your own have to
be as capable as the chips you can buy.
Um, and and Tesla's proved to be very
successful in that regard. So you know
the whole the economics of Tesla are
just how efficient they are in capex and
how efficient they are in overhead
expenditure.
&gt;&gt; Can you explain this Larry? Um
&gt;&gt; I don't know if I understand if my
understanding is correct or not but okay
you you've got uh SpaceX AI building
these data centers and famously
everybody including Johnson has praised
Elon and said you guys are incredible.
You guys are up able to put up a 100,000
H100 equivalent, you know, coherent,
faster than anyone else. Meanwhile,
Google, as an example, is spending money
left, right, and center, billions of
dollars to build their own data center,
and yet they have to rent from XAI. What
why is that?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a question of timing. You
know, SpaceX builds SpaceX AI builds
data centers in such a short period of
time that the cutting edge chips, which
are dramatically more efficient than the
older chips, become available in an XAI
data center a year before they become
available in the data centers of the
guys who do the conventional, you know,
subcontracting blah blah blah. So these
chips are lasting dramatically longer.
By the way, that's it's a speaks to
their the efficiency of of AI, but
they're lasting dramatically longer than
they were predicted. You know, they're
supposed to last only two years or three
years. Turns out they're lasting six
years.
&gt;&gt; You can use the old chips
&gt;&gt; and and longer and longer and and and so
if you can build faster, if you can get
your chips earlier, build faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. get your coherent, you know, data
center operational faster. You can earn
the, you know, the big dollars earlier.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, over time, those dollars fall as
the next generation comes in. Not that
you lose money on them, but you're not
going to make the kinds of profits that
you would have made. And so, that's what
we're seeing again and again and again.
And I predict that by earning date we
will have another announcement of a sim
in a similar vein
&gt;&gt; before August 4th. SpaceX earnings
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is going to go have their
earnings date in August 4th which is
less than 10 days away or whatever it
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think we're going to get
another announcement. That that would be
my guess. I mean my guess is that
actually it's Microsoft. I have a
feeling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, but don't don't listen guys. This
is not investment advice. This is, you
know, I I just give you my opinion and
my opinion is that's what's going to
happen. Will it happen or not? I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be more than one.
Uh, but okay. So, a great explanation is
about timing of how fast they can put it
up. So, despite the fact that the other
Mag 7s are putting in much more money.
It's about how fast you can implement it
to make it coherent and make it act in
production. That's what matters. Elon,
so Elon spends money, but he doesn't do
like a big junk now. He'll do like bit
get it up bit get it up and then he'll
spend just in time right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's why 25 billion sounds low now
but actually it's 25 billion this
quarter 25 billion
later and others. Um can you speak a
little bit to his comment at the
earnings about uh his instructions to
his team about capital efficiency
and uh he told them hey look I actually
prioritize speed over maximum capacity
capital efficiency. So yes, we are
capital efficient. Yes, we're not
spending as much money as everyone else,
but I if you can spend more money and
not be as capital efficient, that's fine
because it, you know, he explained why
he thinks that that is important. What
What is your interpretation of what he
said?
&gt;&gt; Speed is efficiency.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; wow. You know,
&gt;&gt; that was efficient. That's you drop it
right there.
&gt;&gt; The calculation is very simple. Speed
and cost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And what you have to get is the
lowest
you the lowest multip multiple of that.
And so the faster you can progress the
less it's going to cost. Yeah. It may
you know you may have to pay more for a
machine or you may have to pay more for
more people or whatever. But if you can
get it out faster and it's successful as
a project, it's going to do a lot more
sooner. So,
you know, there there's no doubt that,
you know, if you look at Tesla's
time to market for a given project, it
is amazing.
And and has been all along. I mean, look
how long it took Ford to bring out their
first EV.
And then look at the quality of the EV
that they brought out. You know, the
manufacturing
quality was pretty high.
The problem was the design was
catastrophic.
You know, it just didn't didn't add up.
But what Tesla did was they brought out
their car four years before Ford brought
it out. I n number of years before
General Motors got there. I mean, they
didn't I mean, it's not worth
discussing, but so but and and look, the
Chinese have proven it. They value speed
over all else. And you know, they're
incredibly capital efficient as a
result.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It reminds me of what Elon has
been saying all along, right? The
factory is the product. And so when
you're looking at humanoid robot race
and you're going Tesla's behind because
I haven't seen, you know, anything
fantastic. Everybody else is showing
their demos, but what you're looking at
is factory and how fast Tesla can put up
a 1 million per year line at Fremont.
Uh, and then how fast they're already
building the next generation, the 10
million per line in Gigafactory, Giga
Texas. That factory is already like you
can actually see it being built in front
of our eyes, but it's going up faster
than anyone else can build. And they're
ahead because if you can hear, is there
any other robot company that has these
factories up? So, not only can they
build it faster, but they're already
they're they're usually building first
before everyone else.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if you read the story, but
about a month ago, there was the story
about a
robot uh project that uh the client had
ripped out and said it's not working. Um
&gt;&gt; this is
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we don't know who it is. And I I
don't want to talk about I don't want to
point fingers at anybody or anything but
any particular robot but but this is
what Tesla is working very hard to
avoid. They understand that the
usability of the robot is as difficult
more difficult than FSD.
They've lived FSD and they understand
that the degrees of freedom of a robot
versus FSD is, you know, it's it's like
a thousand times
more difficult.
So they're they're going about it in in
a way that I think is very considered
and very thoughtful.
And and so I think that what we're
seeing is a classic Elon move. He's
building out the building. He's building
out the the you know the technology.
He's building out the AI
and and the product that's going to come
out is the classic Musk product. There
very few products over the years that
Musk Elon Musk has failed at. Very few.
you can count them on one hand and he's
had, you know, tens of successes.
So, I think he's going about it the
right way.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Larry. So, they're not
spending too little. They're spending
just in time. Thank you for explaining
that. Speed is what matters. And then
they're doing everything. They're in so
many things and we're just waiting. And
so, that's the frustrating part. But
they will all come to fruition or some
will succeed, some will fail, but many
of them will come fruition and it'll be
massive scale. It's only frustration,
Herbert, for the guys who've been
talking about 600 and $800 and $1,300
and $2,600 by X date. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's only frustrating for them.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Larry. Appreciate it.