Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Robotaxi Scale OVER 10,000 THIS YEAR? w/ CERN BASHER
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBbhZXl3ru4
Published:   2026-05-21 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello and welcome everyone. We have the
great CERN Basher back. You probably saw
the Space X episode. If not, check it
out. We investigated the merger. We
investigated what is likely going on.
Elon's alien background and uh
everything he thinks. So, check out that
video. But today we are talking about
something more down to earth down on the
roads which is robo taxi and cyber caps
which is probably the most important
catalyst everyone is looking at right
now even when it comes to the SpaceX
merger discussions. The big question is
where are we right now with robo taxi?
Are we going to get delayed another
year? Will this continue the
unsupervised scaling that we saw this
rapid scaling that now suddenly is
flattening out and nothing is happening?
So let's talk to CERN about that.
Welcome back CERN. And you are an expert
in Tesla and you have some of the best
models in Tesla. What do you think about
the situation of robo taxi? Are we
imminently going into scaling
unsupervised robo taxi or is it just
incremental baby steps from here on for
another year?
&gt;&gt; Well, let me challenge one of your
premises. Is that this idea of a delay?
Now Tesla hasn't helped us I think
understand this but I think if we go
back to Elon's early discussions about a
robo taxi network and his comments about
this is going to be one of the biggest
if not the biggest value unlocked
biggest value creation the world has
ever seen overnight where you where you
unlock the fleet in my mind this is what
we're increasingly looking at is that
all of us as we've mapped out our robo
taxi ramps every single one of us you me
everybody else we've done kind of a
month by month increase and maybe some
of that is exponential but progress to
us is more this month than last month
more than next month and more and again
it might be exponential what we may be
looking at here is delay delay delay
switch boom the reason I say that is a
number of things we're seeing cyber cabs
being built they're putting steering
wheels on them these are validation
vehicles they are not vehicles to be
sold to customers if you've seen the
inside of it looks a horrible messy
truck steering wheel looks terrible
we're seeing seeing reports now of these
cyber cabs being tested and validated
all across the country in all kinds of
crazy places, cities, rural, Alaska, you
you name it. They're testing these
vehicles. Why would you bother doing
that? Why not put that cyber gab into
the Austin fleet sooner rather than
later? Why why bother testing in states
that don't have favorable legislation
for robo taxi? What's the point? To me,
they're gearing up for something where
we've got national legislation in place
and they can essentially flip on a
switch more or less overnight in more
and many more markets. Now, clearly
they're going to ramp up in some other
markets. We've got state of Texas, we've
got Florida, we've got Arizona, we've
got Nevada. I think it's very clear
between now and the end of the year
we're going to see a robo taxi service
in those cities, those areas. But I
think it's debatable about how many. And
I think we should check our expectations
about the numbers cuz I do think that
Elon is going for this overnight more or
less flipping of the switch where we go
from a few hundred vehicles to
potentially tens of thousands. That's
what I think we're leading up to. The
more that we see this delay after delay
after delay as we call it. I mean the
interesting question is the production
and I always said this from the very
beginning that for me the most reliable
indicator is cyber cap production
because these things you're not
manufacturing them I hate to disappoint
Fazat but you're not manufacturing them
to then sell them with these ugly
steering wheels you have to use them at
some point soon probably you can't have
tens of thousands of them sitting around
being tested that's too much capex at
the same time we see manufacturing
ramping pretty decently. I would say I
think there are already like hundreds
manufactured. We don't know exactly how
many after 1 month. So we are probably
going to go to the thousands per month
in the next 3 months. So then we are
already at 2,000 or something. And so
it's kind of a kind of a forcing
function, a push function where you just
push these things out at some point.
Something has to happen unless they hold
back with manufacturing. That would be
for me the big warning signal. But I
don't see any signals. And if you think
through manufacturing economics, that's
also kind of a failure if you do that
because then you're sitting on a big
problem financially, right? So, and
Tesla normally doesn't make mistakes
like that. So, for me, we are already in
the RAM function to your point only that
they are not being deployed in
unsupervised commercial ways, but we are
on this exponential growth function and
then they will have a switch. So I think
observing cyber cap production is
probably the most reliable indicator
where we are at and no one really does
that. That's the Joe Techmire of course
give us great videos but no one keeps
track of how many of these things
actually left the parking lot. That
would be so interesting like another
form of cyber cap tracker or something.
So what do you think about that? Do you
think when you put on a timeline where
are we at end of the year and when do we
hit 1,000 cyber caps in the wild? Well,
that's a good question and actually I
think it's kind of not that important if
that makes any sense. Again, I'm not so
worried about the stairst step and
hitting a thousand or hitting a certain
number. It would be great. It'd be great
if there was some sort of linear thing
that we can map out and say they're now
at 500 and next month they're going to
be at 650 and then they're going to be
at 900. That would be great. My
spreadsheet would love it. It would make
it easy for us to model that. But I
don't think that's what we're seeing
here. Also, I think some of this quote
unquote delay is well, they know that
they've got improvements in the pipeline
on on FSD. So, why why introduce
problems that are going to be solved in
a month or two, why not wait for that
software to be improved? Deal with all
these little issues that we keep hearing
about how the car isn't so good about,
you know, picking up and drop off and
different issues like that. These these
slow motion collisions that seem to be
happening in parking lots and that kind
of stuff. Let's deal with all that
stuff. And then to your point, as
CyberCad production begins to rent more
and more, you've got enough validation
vehicles, you've got the whole United
States covered. You can probably cover
every single road in the United States
in 3 months with enough vehicles. You
don't need that many vehicles, by the
way, to do it. So, the validation part
is working now. We've got these, we've
worked out the kinks in cyber cab
production. We've got vehicles that are
nice for people to sit in, and we've got
the software that's ready. So, you can
get to a,000 vehicles in robo taxi
overnight if you wanted to. Now, at the
same time, and this is an open question,
too, that I'm I'm still struggling with
is the infrastructure in these different
cities. We're seeing in Las Vegas now
they're building this car wash. Well, do
they have to build one in in every city
that they go into before they go into
that city? I don't think so. But maybe
they want to. I don't know. And if
that's the case, then now we've
introduced another milestone that they
have to hit before they're comfortable,
you know, exploding the robo taxi
network in Las Vegas until that car wash
is operational and they can clean these
cars in a reliable fast way, low cost.
Is that now a gating factor? That's a
good question.
&gt;&gt; So the way I visualize that in my mind
on the timeline is that we basically
have two timelines that coincide or not
coincide. One is the cybercap
manufacturing because at some point
these things need to be used and that's
the more reliable and visible half
visible element where I think in the
next 2 months or something we are
getting to a thousand per month
manufacturing unless they actively have
to hold it back cuz there's just no way
they're not getting there. They're
already at hundreds. So getting to a
thousand very close and we know Tesla's
manufacturing expertise. So that's not
even hard for them. It's probably you
know a given. The other function is FSD
obviously right. So at what point does
this just work? And these functions are,
you know, the cybercap function is our
indicator what they actually think about
the FSD function. Cuz if the FSD
function would be somewhere where they
think, oh, we have no line of sight to
the end, they wouldn't start ramping
cyber cap. That would be complete
madness.
&gt;&gt; So they need to have some certainty
right now that they basically have
solved and it's just fine-tuning. This
is what Elon also said on the earnings
call. The safety is solved. So it's
completely safe. Now it's just
convenience. It's like how do we loosen
up the rules to make it more convenient
without compromising safety. Now the
question is is there some point we can
project hypothetically
where we can be sure that it has to be
solved based on the first function maybe
like is there a scenario where they just
ramp to a,000 a month and then 2,000 a
month and they do this for an entire
year without deploying them. Is that
possible?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Or is it not possible?
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. There's no reason to
do that.
&gt;&gt; So In that case, you might as well just
keep production super low. You know, 20
30 cars a week and then ramp or or maybe
a 100 a week maybe extreme, but why
would you go beyond that? You're just
sinking a ton of capital into something
you're not getting any return on. In
fact, it's just going to rot away in a
parking lot. So, you would basically say
if you had to track anything as traders,
not investors, as someone who wants to
time it, it is cyber cap production.
like can we see like it's probably
legging the ramp a little bit but if the
ramp you know plateaus somewhere that's
a warning sign that we might you know
have to dig in and wait what happens but
if it keeps ramping there is some kind
of critical point so the question is
what is that critical point like at what
point because I think there will be a
lag which is like alpha right the
investors might not get it the
conventional normies on wall street they
might think oh there's no unsupervised
it's bad but if you see oh they ramp to
thousand a month or something. We see
like hundreds of these things on the
parking lot. Would you say there's like
a point where it's obvious that within a
couple of months or something this has
to happen?
&gt;&gt; When we start seeing production
vehicles, they're not making any more
with steering wheels. So, for
&gt;&gt; driving are some of them driving around
without steering wheels? I didn't even
follow. Are they do they all have
steering wheels right now?
&gt;&gt; I think that's the case. I don't know
for sure. I think some have been spotted
without, but we're certainly still
seeing many being made with. But I think
we when we get to the point where none
are being made with then that to me is a
very strong signal if not sooner that
deployment is is near because again
there's no reason to make them without
steering wheels if you can't use them.
There's no reason to park them anywhere.
It might take them a while to distribute
the vehicles where they need to go. If
they have to go to Miami, you know, give
yourself a few weeks to get them all
there. But once they're there, it
doesn't do you any good to have them
sitting under the hot sun in Florida for
any period of time. Well, I think in
California there's the rule that you
have to actually drive driverless for
quite some time to collect miles and
show that it works. So, you could deploy
a certain number of steering wheelless
cyber caps in California to just collect
that. And that might be also true at
least for internal reason everywhere,
but that has its limits. You're not
going to do this with thousands of cyber
caps, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And essentially you could achieve
the same thing with the validation
vehicles in terms of if it's an internal
need, you can do that with those
validation vehicles with the steering
wheel. If it's in California where they
say no, it actually has to be the
production vehicle, no steering wheel,
you need to collect these miles, then
fine. Each state might be a little
different around some of those little
rules. But I think you're right. The
cyber cab production is a good leading
indicator. And if I was you, I would
task a satellite with a camera just
looking at that door where the cyber
cabs come out and count them every day.
That would be the best.
&gt;&gt; Is that possible? Is that an API?
&gt;&gt; It would be expensive. If it's possible,
it'd be expensive. Yeah. Something the
military could do.
&gt;&gt; Could do it. Well, Tesla could just tell
us. Joe Techm could do it, but it's
hard. He He does the videos, but then
how do we know how long these things are
sitting there? Because he sees, oh, they
are 70 on the lot, and then next day
there are also 70. But is it the old 70
or the new 70? Like, no one knows. We
have to check. They moved them off
pretty quickly, but I think there was a
day or two where there were some
backto-back images and it was pretty
clear that the cars from the first day
were still there on the second day and
they added to it. There was some more.
Not totally sure about that, but to me
just looking at the vehicles and how
they were parked, it looked like it was
exactly the same with with some
additional ones. So, most of the time I
think those vehicles get moved off that
lot pretty quickly, but there might be a
day or two where they sit there. It's
not like Tesla is making, you know, a
week's worth of production. They all
pile up on the lot and then they move
them off, you know, on the weekend. and
they're constantly moving vehicles off
that lot, but they could sit there for a
period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe we build some AI model or
something based on the current data to
just approximate how what is the
production that has been deployed into
the wild. I think this is a very
important number that is unclear right
now. Very good. So, what is your gut
feeling about this whole thing? What are
we looking at on timeline and when is
when when does it happen?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's funny. I'm actually really
encouraged from what I see despite the
fact that we don't see any or very many
driverless robo taxis. There's a few in
Austin and Dallas and Houston. Not many.
But again, the fact that as you said
that cyber cabs are being produced, the
fact that they started production on
time is a good signal. The fact that
Elon has said, well, it's not really
critical issues that we're solving for
now. It's more comfort. All these things
are moving. We're getting a new FSD
update in our vehicles. They're clearly
making progress. And I'm expecting that
at some point it's going to be more of
that switch flipped situation. Now, it
may not be the millions that Elon has
talked about. It may just be a few
thousand initially and so on. But I
think we could see ramping in these
cities at a much faster pace than what
we've seen so far.
&gt;&gt; I also think like a few thousand is
already close to a million from a
logic's perspective. If you can have a
few thousand unsupervised
robo taxes, like why could you not have
a few 10,000, right? So that's because
right now it's clearly manually over
overseen the whole thing. So it's
clearly not scalable what happens right
now. So the question is when does it
become scalable? I had always my 1,800
number because I did the cash flow
calculation. So it's roughly 2,000. But
also from an operational perspective I
think that's like a enormous validation
point. So I think whenever we see that
first stair step, if it's going from
40 unsupervised cars down to 400, then
that's that's the signal that that the
ramp has begun. Now, there might be
little hiccups in that ramp and pauses
and all that kind of stuff, and we
should expect that because they're going
to encounter some issues as they ramp
this. Yeah, but maybe it's not going to
be that easy because they already had a
big push from zero to 40 or whatever.
So, you know, when if the next push is
from 40 to 100, is that the big push or
what is the like when is the it's
probably more continuum than than it
seems?
&gt;&gt; Well, we'd like to see a continuum.
Again, I suspect now it's going to be
much more of a a switch that's flipped.
I think you can sort of approximate that
and say, okay, if they're making, let's
say, you know, 100 cyber cabs a week and
8 weeks go by, then we know they've got
800 cyber cabs that can be activated,
something like that, right? And so you
can kind of just, you know, imagine you
got this one bucket of all these cyber
caps going into it. At some point, they
have to come out the other side. And
whatever time period that takes, that's
how many we're going to see.
&gt;&gt; I think the challenge for everyone who
is not just a long-term shareholder, but
a little bit an alpha generator who
needs to be right on a short term is
this. Tesla right now trades at
whatever. I I don't even want to look
today, but at 410 or something. And um
it's uh the problem is it's high up
here. It doesn't matter if it's 490 or
410. It's it's very high. If you would
remove robo taxi, you have a problem and
Optimus a huge problem. So basically we
are running a little bit on fumes on
fumes of hope and any hiccup in the
market which in my opinion that's a
macro discussion but we are not unlikely
to hit some hiccups like one little you
know Iran is coming to the next
inflection point right if we don't have
the straight open in two weeks you know
all hell will break loose again on the
oil price on on on all kinds of things
so we are in a much more risky situation
than I think people realize hey on this
channel we do something very important
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. Obviously, you can have a meta
perspective. Oh, Trump is going to like
they all know that. So, how can they
mess this up? But I would be so sure
people can mess things up. So, and then
we are in for a wild ride. And so, if
the market breaks away, which I think is
probably more likely than not going to
happen. So, for whatever reason, Tesla
will suffer a lot. And then we get into
the situation that someone has to be
smart and understand where is this
forcing function because once the
forcing function comes everything
reverses and that's for me the big game
like not to be vague and say well at
some point we all rich sure like the the
issue is like is this going to happen in
2 months or in 1 month or in 3 months or
in 6 months or in 9 months. So that's
for me the ultimate question. Of course,
these questions are boring for strategic
people and exponentially unboring for
everyone who wants to make money and and
how can we construct a huristic that
gives us conviction right when things go
bad and we are not there yet that's
where the money is to understand but we
will be there in four weeks like that's
where millionaires are made so that's
what I'm like trying to figure out what
is the huristic that is robust that we
can lean on
&gt;&gt; well I think if you can count the number
vehicles in all the staging areas in
these cities. That'll give you a good
hint in terms of the potential,
you know, vehicles that could be
deployed and potentially they could be
overnight. I I kind of think if I want
if I want to throw out a crazy
prediction, I think that we'll see one
day the stock goes up 10, 15, 20, 25% in
one day and everybody's looking around
saying, "What what's going on? What's
the news?" And then the next day we find
that the switch has been flipped and
suddenly we have thousands of vehicles
that are in the robo taxi network. I
think it could unfold like that where
the stock reacts before we see any
evidence anywhere on the roads because
someone somewhere knows what's coming.
&gt;&gt; I mean that's the big question. How
smart are the guys who have big Tesla
positions like Ron Baron and these kinds
of guys? Maybe it's a bunch of hedge
funds. Like is someone actually smart
enough to do some uh you know deeper
data tracking because I mean that's
cheap. just hire a student, put them in
front of giga or like that's like for
for for 5,000 bucks a month, you can
actually do this whole thing very
reliably in my opinion too. So I think
it's very I think but the heristic needs
to be sound but I think yeah if he could
be sure how many of these cyber caps are
out in the wild you don't even know
exactly need to know where they are but
if they left a lot and it's more than a
thousand or more than 2,000 at some
point it's like very high conviction
that something has to happen.
&gt;&gt; We need a a robot Joe Techmire who can
fly his drone 24 hours a day and collect
the data for us.
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately Joe's only there every
other day or so.
You could even install like a
terrestrial GoPro or something at the
like just film the or these deer
hunters, right? They have these the deer
cameras. They do it. They take a photo.
No, they do it every 5 minutes. I don't
know how they walk. Something like that.
&gt;&gt; It's a little more difficult with
CyberCap because the the door where the
cars come out is on the other side of
the factory from where the Model Y's
come out. So, it's it's more hidden. It
would be harder uh to get a visual line
of sight into that. And I would imagine
if you put up some giant pole across the
river, you know, with a camera on it,
the Tesla's going to notice that pretty
quickly and they would take measures
probably of hiding the number of
vehicles that come out of that door.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hm. Tricky. Maybe just have to
triangulate it from Joe Tech's data.
&gt;&gt; But that's the interesting question.
Yeah. Because it's it's so interesting
for me that, you know, from a first
principal perspective, it's all easy
peasy to understand. But when it comes
down to reality, most people are losing
hope all the time. And it's like but it
will never happen. It's totally obvious
what's going to happen, right? Suddenly
it's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then everyone was wrong. So the
question is when and how can we see this
future as closely when it before it
actually happens as possible. That's the
magic of alpha generation. And
&gt;&gt; and I maintain the longer this period of
it doesn't happen, the bigger the more
sudden it happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. One of the most fascinating
like principles that everyone gets wrong
most people the intuition tells you if
someone fails once there's a certain
probability that he fails again. If they
fail again that probably goes up. It's
like the insurance thinking. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Right. If someone crashes 10 times a
week he's much more likely to crash
again next week. So if someone fails and
doesn't deliver he's more likely to not
deliver again. That's the intuition. But
what people don't understand, it's more
like if you have a fortress and there's
an attacking force and they throw 10,000
people against it and then they throw a
100,000 against it and then a million
there every time they're exponentially
more likely to actually take it despite
insurance wise
&gt;&gt; the odds going down all the time. And
that's the same thing because when you
think about Tesla, it's not that they
are trying and then giving up. No, they
are going to do it. And the longer they
try and the more they fail, the the more
times they fail on timelines, the
exponentially less likely it becomes
they're failing again. And that's like
counterintuitive. That's the problem.
&gt;&gt; And the cool thing is as FSD owners, we
see that firsthand. We've seen how
they've improved the software. We we get
to witness that firsthand every time
they come out with a new software
update. And of course, we have to
understand that Roboaxi is probably on
the next build ahead of us. like they're
always one step ahead of what we get.
We're seeing that firsthand. It's like
there's no reason to doubt. We're seeing
the improvements. It'd be a different
story if FSD was the same now as it was
a year ago. It's not it's it's so much
improved.
&gt;&gt; I mean 14.33
we just saw some the first reviews. It's
much better than even 14.3 too. So yeah,
and this is a new version that's now.
Okay. Very good. So last question I will
like corner CERN's predictive uh
capabilities now. Okay. Okay, we have
Q2. Now we have six more weeks to go or
like whatever like five, six, six more
weeks in Q2, then we have Q3, then we
have Q4, then we have Q1. When is this
going to happen? What do you think in
these quarters?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think we'll see the roll out of
the other cities that they mentioned in
the Q1 deck and the previous decks. All
right. So, it's it's, you know, Miami,
it's Tampa, Orlando, it's it's Vegas,
it's it's Phoenix. I think we'll see
some kind of roll out there. Now that
might be five or six vehicles like we've
seen in Dallas and Houston
&gt;&gt; and supervised.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. I think for the most part
unless again there's some rule in each
of those states that makes it necessary
for them to be supervised. I don't think
so. But if there is and then it's a
question of when do they feel like
they've gotten the software at the point
where they can scale this more and not
have all these issues that they're
trying to solve for now. I think that is
a month or two away in my opinion. I
don't think we're waiting for V for
version 15 for that. And I think that
coincides with your theory about cyberc
cab production is at some point that
catches up. They've got enough
validation vehicles. Now you've got all
the cyber cabs. What the heck are we
going to do with them? Well, we deploy
them. Software is ready. We have enough
vehicles. We can make a splash in these
cities with more vehicles and actually
have a proper service and not wait make
people wait, you know, 30 minutes and
travel within a tiny geopenced area. So
you would say there's a meaningful
chance in Q3, July, August, September
that we see some form of inflection to
let's say north of 100 unsupervised and
in five plus cities.
&gt;&gt; I think there's some probability of
that. Now it may only happen, let's say,
in Austin and Dallas and Houston first.
Maybe it's a Texas thing for a while and
maybe they're, you know, they're playing
around in Florida for a while to get the
lay of the land there. Maybe it takes
longer. So, I'm not suggesting that
happens in all the cities, but some of
these cities can move at different paces
depending on what they're finding. Uh,
for example, maybe Phoenix is like the
easiest city to navigate in because all
the streets are square and there's no
issues. And maybe they discover and in
Florida it's more complicated for some
reason. But I do think that that we're
getting closer to that point where they
can scale up a service into the hundreds
and potentially thousands
in one or more of these cities. So you
think let's say a thousand well a
thousand unsupervised that's pretty
that's basically being nearly there. Do
you think that's more likely to happen
in Q4
&gt;&gt; probability wise probably Q4 just to buy
myself some time? Again I don't
personally know what issues Tesla is
solving for on the FSD side and I could
imagine that if they're in Q3 and say
well we've still got all these issues
that yes they're minor but you know what
if we scale into the thousands we're
going to have so many people unhappy
with us. Why not wait until we fix these
issues and that's going to be a Q4
deliverable. Okay, we'll wait until Q4.
Like that to me is is kind of the issue
of they have all these known issues and
if they scale for the most part, people
are going to be fine, but they're going
to be unhappy that they have to walk 100
m to their destination or whatever it
is, whatever the issue is. Or they know
that, you know, when it rains it would
be sure nice if the car can find a place
where it can park undercover if that's
possible. Let the passenger out so they
don't get wet. Those kinds of stuff. I'm
just picking two random ones. There's
probably others that are far more
important than that. To the extent
they've got a pipeline of those known
issues, why not figure all that stuff
out first if they can?
&gt;&gt; And do you think and and do you think
from a,000 to 10,000 is this going to be
1 month, 2 months, 3 months, 6 months?
&gt;&gt; I think at that point it comes down to
production of cyber cabs, which I think
they'll use principally. I think I think
we're going to see fewer and fewer Model
Y's in the fleet over time. Again,
assuming that the cyber cab is behaving
as well as the Model Y's do, and I guess
I'm making that assumption that they're
not encountering some validation issues
with the cyber cab. If there is, then
that pushes that off and they'll have to
use more Model Y's, which they're
certainly capable of making. But you're
asking me when they go from the,000 to
10,000, how quickly that that might be.
It could happen very quickly because
that's
&gt;&gt; because if you if you're right, I think
I would bet more on Q3 than Q4 to get to
a thousand unsupervised, but if it takes
until Q4, you probably have close to
10,000 cyber caps sitting around.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. I think by the end of this
year, I think we're looking in the
10,000 plus range of robo taxis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so too. And Herbert thinks
so too. So we are all on the 10,000 like
December 10,000. Okay. Interesting. So
it's going to be the decisive question.
I think we might, you know, at some
point I I believe in Q3 being the point
where something bigger happens. I think
it's more likely than Q4. It could be
Q4.
&gt;&gt; And there's an interesting trading thing
that happens, right? Because if I know
that you're waiting for 5,000, then I'll
buy when I see 4,000 cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And somebody else will buy when there's
3,000.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a big CERN theory that I
always quote. But where does that begin?
&gt;&gt; It doesn't begin at 39. Does it begin at
500? It begins at the point where it's
like clear that it can scale, but what
is that point? Is that 100, 500,000? I
think it is definitely a thousand, but
is it 500? That's the question.
&gt;&gt; It was interesting because a week or so
ago, we saw that ramping up to, you
know, 40 and the stock seem to be
responding to that. Now, whether the
stock was just responding to that or
not, who knows? I think there's also
strength in the auto side of the
business that the stocks responded to,
right? So it's not just robo taxi, but
as that counter starts going up, that
will catch the attention of more people
and eventually there'll be more and more
people with more and more amounts of
money, i.e. professional traders,
professional fund managers that will put
more weight on that. I I do think now, I
mean, this is speculative, but I think
once we hit 100 on the robo taxi
tracker, the stock will definitely start
to react to big leaps. If you go from
100 to 200, there will be a reaction
&gt;&gt; and then it might retrace and stop. if
that stops like oh okay maybe it's a
one-off whatever and then it jumps to
400 I think once we in the triple digits
there will be stock reaction to this
because then you you don't have time
anymore so I think the CERN theory will
definitely work once we at four digits
cuz it I mean then you would be stupid
if you say well I believe it only at
10,000 now it's a thousand like dude
like what's even your plan but if you're
at triple digits you could say all
experimental this can take another
decade or something but it's going to be
let's say at double digits that's the
case, right? You can say 49 like
whatever. Like what does it even mean?
Very interesting.
&gt;&gt; And the funny thing with that though is
if there's ever like a pause like there
has been now we got to 40 and it's been
holding steady then that's going to get
people to question their their
conviction on it and that that will
create a little maybe a little drop.
It'll it'll drown in the stock and
that's maybe where this will be some
opportunity as we as we start this ramp.
I don't think it's going to be perfectly
even. It's not going to be a stair step
and it's not going to be straight up.
That may be stair steps, flat periods,
and then straight up, flat period again.
That will create, I think, some
opportunities along the way and some
people questioning, you know, is is this
a real like we we've been waiting so
long. We're almost not going to believe
it when we start to see it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's also like what people have to
understand, especially long-term
capital, long-term Tesla investors, they
always don't understand the short-term
mindset, but if you have capital to
deploy as an institution, you can't just
wait 3 months and go down while Nvidia
goes up. This is like a lot of money you
lose. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, you don't have to be stupid to
sell Tesla if you think it just delayed
another 3 months. You just are an
institutional investor. So, but then
that also means they're flowing back
very quickly once they think, "Oh, now
it's going up." So,
&gt;&gt; it's going to be interesting, but I
think once we hit triple digits, we are
in the hot zone. Then you can't be out.
I think you need to be in this thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting. Okay, CERN, thank you
so much. That was a hot take on Robo
Taxi. These little number games in our
minds are very important. It's like an
athlete in my opinion. If you trade
stocks, you need to mentally prepare.
You can't go into the basketball game
and never think about the basketball.
Like you have to think about what can
actually what are the inflection points
and what's going to happen. You have to
visualize it like 300 100 then you're
more better prepared and conviction
building by having these paths.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Very good CERN. Thank you so much for
being on the on the pot or whatever we
call this thing on the on the discussion
and we have more coming up with CERN. We
will discuss a little bit of micro
strategy in Bitcoin that will be the
next episode because there are some very
important things to discuss if you're
into this kind of stuff. I am. So I hope
&gt;&gt; and just to tease it, I think that
there's a direct relationship between
Bitcoin and AI. So, if you understand AI
and don't understand or don't believe in
Bitcoin, I think you're missing
something very important.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's very interesting. I guess
we have to dig deeper next time into
that. AI and Bitcoin. I know the
satellites are competing. So, let's see.
Okay, guys. Thank you for tuning in.
Thanks, CERN, for being here. And uh I
hope to see you guys in the next CERN
episode.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joe. See you then. Bye.