Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon's Two Cryptic Comments Just Signaled Inflection Points | Jeff Lutz
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMxU8iWaX_Y
Published:   2026-08-03 18:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-03 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk just gave investors two big
reasons to be optimistic about both
SpaceX and Tesla, but most people are
focused on the wrong things. First,
tomorrow is SpaceX first ever public
earnings call and expectations couldn't
be higher. Investors will be watching
for updates on Starlink, AI compute,
cursor integration, and the road map for
SpaceX rapidly expanding AI business.
Second, Elon replied, "Few understand to
the idea that SpaceX could add an entire
Tesla's worth of revenue over the next
12 to 24 months. We'll discuss whether
that's really possible and the biggest
investor questions that should be asked
on the call, including how Curser will
integrate with Grock." Meanwhile, Elon
made another simple but powerful comment
about Tesla. When asked what a personal
Optimus robot could become, he replied,
"Optimus will be epic." FSE has now
surpassed 13 billion miles with over 5
billion driven in cities. While France
logged 195,000 test kilometers with no
notable incidents limited insurance
expanded to another state and will now
ensure FSE miles in Tennessee at 50%
lower rates. Chamat formal in podcast
published a deep dive on autonomy
pointing at Ark's 11 trillion robo taxi
market and saying he himself plans to
buy robo taxi fleets and rows of golden
cyber caps just appeared in San Antonio.
There's a lot to discuss here as Elon
appears increasingly confident that both
SpaceX and Tesla are nearing major
inflection points. Jeff Lutz is an
exupply chain sea level executive for
Motorola, Google, Lenovo. He's currently
running his own consulting firm serving
mega cap tech in supply chain design and
manufacturing. Welcome Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey Herbert. Yeah, there's uh a lot
going on, a lot of things converging
this week. Uh giving updates on the
business and Elon's out there saying a
lot of things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's cover what he said. Uh
tomorrow is SpaceX live stream. We'll do
that live stream on this channel. Starts
at uh 12:30 Pacific time. So, let's talk
SpaceX first and then there's a lot of
new Tesla news that we'll cover right
after that. Uh, GI, uh, one of our top
retail analysts said this. This is going
to be an insane opportunity in
retrospect because SpaceX is pretty well
at its low at $108. Uh, it went public
at $135. It's fallen 32% since it's gone
public. Elon replied to him saying, "I
think so. Is that uh I thought that I
thought Elance has to be in a quiet
period. Uh is that safe to say something
in this?
&gt;&gt; Maybe because he said he thinks so. It
could go
&gt;&gt; it could go either way. Yeah. No, you're
really typically not. But uh definitely
the the boundaries are are being
stretched here. I look look what
happened in in June and July mostly July
but some even in June. There's a huge
dislocation
in AI stocks and the energy that drives
AI. And then look what just happened
over the last week. The hyperscalers
said we need all this capex and actually
more. And
and with all of this with all with this
whole backdrop, you have a fundamental
backdrop and you have a technical
backdrop. and we're not here giving
advice, but a lot of them are pointing
to the fact that this buildout is still
in its very early stages. There's still
a wall of worry to climb. There's still
questions that are being asked, but it
looks like, you know, in June and July,
there was serious, you know, correction
and and and froth taken out of these
stocks. Some of these stocks corrected
30 to 50 to 60%.
And these are big moves, but the
fundamental need for power, the
fundamental need for AI hardware,
whether it's cooling, whether it's GPUs,
whether it's memory, uh what the
hyperscalers told you in and Amazon
probably did the the best job of of
describing
why they need what they need, describing
that they have flexibility in case what
they need changes, and describing that
they're going to it's they have customer
booking. for this stuff and they've got
a long runway. So, why am I saying that?
I think when you get into the SpaceX
conversation,
I think you're going to start hearing
you're going to be hearing that as well.
You had these mega deals that occurred
um you know, at the start of this summer
with Enthropic and Google for compute
and another one and then they had
another small one and then they had the
cursor deal. And it looks like this
company is really positioning itself
both for terrestrial compute, of course,
space compute, and then with this cursor
deal to become a real AI powerhouse. And
I think that's what you're going to hear
on the earnings call. And specifically
that they're going to go they're going
to go bigger big on capex. They're not
going to be the biggest, but they're
going to probably have some of the
biggest deals. Because the final thing,
and I'll throw it back to you, Herbert.
The final thing I want to say is what
people need to understand what people
are when they're buying compute from
SpaceX is they're buying rapid access
from a company that has the whole
endto-end thing.
And these companies also need to grow.
So they're going to want to grow with
somebody that can predictably build AI
compute. And there's not a lot of
companies that actually say what they're
going to do and and build build out this
compute in in record time. It's almost
like they're getting faster every every
bit of, you know, GPU cluster that they
stand up. So, they're getting the newest
GPUs fastest. They're building out fast.
And my guess, and I I don't know. I
mean, my guess is they're they're
probably going to exceed expectations
and tell you they're going for a bigger
bigger amount of compute in the next
year than maybe a lot of people are
thinking about.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, Jeeoff, one of the
reasons why SpaceX stock is so low is
they think that and and and you can see
you can understand why that SpaceX is a
future thing, right? It's like, oh, AI
data centers, B, moon bases and so
forth. That's going to be, you know,
three years at the minimum, five plus.
But some people, and we were hinting at
it last week where Gavin Baker, uh,
well-known venture capitalist, was
pointing out that there could be an a
surprise at SpaceX earnings where they
might say, "Hey, we actually have
multibillion dollar deals lined up for
rental of terrestrial data center that
they already have, Colossus 2, Colossus
3, Macro harder." Um, here is
Steve Mark Ryan saying SpaceX could add
an entire Tesla of revenue. That would
be a hundred billion dollars in the next
12 to 24 months. I'm not saying they
will, but I'm saying they could for you
understand. And last week we did a show
where we showed all of the compute that
SpaceX has with all the data centers
they already have and they're about to
turn on, including Minihard, a new one.
Um, and it could if you figure out how
much space they have, the GB300 chips,
how much they could rent it out, it
could be hundred billion dollars. Elon
actually replied saying, "Few
understand." Do you actually believe
that that's possible?
&gt;&gt; Yes. and because of prior perfor per
performance and because of confirmation
of demand uh for what's happening here.
I I again I think there's a disconnect
between the financial media and the real
world. If you talk to people that work
inside of these companies, you talk to
people that consult with these
companies, the the the rate at which
compute is needed, the rate at which you
they're selling intelligence and the
rate at which these things are needed is
not declining because we haven't
explored and we haven't utilized all the
use cases for it. I walk into a factory
today and I still have disconnected
machinery. Sure, it may beworked to a
land, but where's the data going? And
what's happening with the data? And is
it causing that machine to be updated
for better quality or for faster output?
No, not really. Not not at all. And and
there's I mean, of course, there could
be some limited cases of it, but it's
it's not out there. It's not a standard.
You can go industry by industry. Again,
I I I fall back on we have some chat
bots that are pretty good and then we
have Tesla self-driving. the entire rest
of the auto industry is nowhere close to
what Tesla self-driving has. And we're
about to see with with robo taxi that
they're going to take what's been an
8-year roll out from from Whimo and
they're going to it's going to Tesla
will have the fastest roll out of
driverless robo taxis in history. They
haven't executed on it yet and they've
fallen behind what they said they're
going to do, but it's going to be the
fastest. So could the short answer to
your question is yeah they could they
could really surprise here and if you
look at the predictions of capex in the
following year you know we've been in
this 600 800 billion uh range this year
Amazon just upped their range you know
maybe by 10% I think Meta upped the
lower end of their range
Google increased Google's there's doing
debt they're doing debt financing
it looks like the number could be in
excess of a trillion next year. So, this
thing is just continuing to move higher.
But on the other side of it is super
intelligence and the other side of it is
physical real world autonomy with robots
that will do things that have we've
never had them do for us before. Again,
there's a billion cars on the road or
more and
only a a million of them right now have,
you know, a million four or whatever the
number is have Tesla self-driving. Just
look at the opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And something you said earlier was
uh that the difference is that SpaceX uh
their data centers are a alive now and
coherent now and operational now and
they're running the latest uh chips.
Others they they make announcements but
they're still taking months and so
they're available. They're needed now.
Uh Elon said few understand you know
that that Tesla SpaceX could add this
entire amount of revenue. So we'll see
that is uh could be a surprise if that
is the case. So tomorrow is space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When Elon speaks and we we we talk
about this.
&gt;&gt; Elon is not on a 90day hamster wheel
running between quarters. you know, he
shows up to these earnings calls. We've
seen, you know, mi mixed results from
from his commentary and what he says. I
was very constructive on the prior
earnings call. A lot of us have been in
terms of what Tesla said, what they
could.
He's not he doesn't think he doesn't
think in those terms. He knows there's a
SpaceX he knows it's SpaceX first
earnings call tomorrow, of course. But
when he says things like few understand
or this you know this could happen he's
not speaking about you know you're like
the options closing this week not it's
not how he's he's speaking in longer
time horizons
&gt;&gt; there'll be updates that that
&gt;&gt; that he believes that'll subscribe to
that longterm horizon they could be on
earnings calls they could be elsewhere
but he's not this isn't like what do I
say 48 hours or so before my earnings
call. That it's that's not how he's
thinking in at least in his term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the comment was could it could
you could SpaceX add an entire Tesla's
worth of revenue hundred billion dollars
over the next 12 to 24 months. It was
actually Gavin Baker who pointed out
that it could actually happen in this
year. But yeah, very unlikely. All
right, the earnings call is tomorrow,
Tuesday, and for the first time it's
going to be great. We're gonna listen
probably hear from not only Elon but
Gwyn Shotwell and Brett the CFO. It's
going to be a great new experience. You
have to register to participate. So go
to events.q4inc.com.
Um and then uh here are some of the
revenue expectations. Pretty low 6.8
billion earnings per share. Some people
think that they might surprise and be
profitable. Unlikely. Sterling's
expected to drive growth in margins. AI
remains lossmaking while scaling. Here's
the Gwen Shaw was the president chief
operating officer. She's amazing. Can't
wait to hear from her. We'll see if uh
tomorrow's I hope tomorrow's earnings
call is very different tone and you know
than than that that what we get. Okay.
So, the questions that we're getting,
here's a one good question that we, you
know, we've seen people seem to be able
to just put a question in. It doesn't
matter if they actually are SpaceX
shareholder, which is weird. But how
will you integrate the cursor
acquisition and what does the product
road map look like for the combined
company?
What what do you think? Is that a good
question for you?
Yeah, I mean
what we we know we knew cursor's revenue
coming in and it looks like they were on
a this looks like a very good
acquisition by SpaceX by I mean an
extremely good this is a talented
&gt;&gt; group of people it's it's very typical
Elon not a huge company not some huge
like lumpy thing that they're trying to
bring in and integrate looks like a very
agile small company but extremely
effective rapid growth cursor is really
going to help them control this whole
coding landscape and really bring Grock
up to you know the tier one in terms of
coding capability
and Elon's talked a bit about that even
over the last day or two of just you
know what's what's the future of source
code are you going to be looking at and
reviewing source code in the future or
is it it's going to go the way of like
assembly did you know 30 to 50 years
ago. Were you you learned it in school?
Like I learned assembly in but you you r
you know are you coding in assembly? No.
And Jimmy or uh excuse me um
&gt;&gt; James Dma brought that up in a post and
Elon commented on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh you know, cursor is uh what I
just realized a few days ago uh last
week was not only is there uh Grock
being able to come out and hopefully
they to show macro hard and that's going
to be a huge revenue stream for Tesla
and SpaceX and then there's the sh
leasing of the data centers but then
cursor itself has its own LM and it has
its own coding that it could also sell
and so you know that is potential
revenue again all of this is who knows
Right now they're behind, but they could
surprise.
&gt;&gt; I think they caught a rocket with with
cursor. I think cursor was really
rapidly moving up in revenue and very
well regarded in the industry.
&gt;&gt; Here's some of the dumber questions that
was asked. Uh
the mascot Asteroid.
I mean like I don't know. Kids are our
future and asteroid which is the mascot
would be a fun and easy way to up. Why
would you ask that question? It's crazy.
Why would anybody upvote it? Um, where
can we expect to see more footage of the
human landing system? Baby asteroid.
Again, another thing about the uh mascot
uh a mascot like all these things. Okay.
And Elon actually said those who follow
closely already know the other answers.
Anyways, so hopefully we'll have good
questions uh by tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, the other thing people
are concerned about is that SpaceX
stock, yes, they're going to have the
earnings call tomorrow, August 4th, but
in August 6, two days later, that's when
SpaceX um insiders who have shares lock
up expires 20 to 30% of their lock
shares, they can now sell. People are
expecting that the stock will fall or
stay flat because there's more people
able to sell. Right now, it's a very low
float.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's certain it's certain people and
it's I think it's 911 million shares on
lock and I think it's double the
existing float that's unlocked today.
So, not everybody can sell and it's not
like the whole thing's opened up. But I
think conventional wisdom is is there
selling pressure when you have things
like that happen happen? But I think the
unconventional wisdom is that people
haven't seen this for weeks out and
haven't been hedging. Uh so I I think
you've got to you know grab the popcorn
and you know and just and watch and see
what happens uh in this situation. It's
there there's sometimes ironic things
happen uh during these situations and it
also really depends on what they say on
this call.
&gt;&gt; If you're holding a stock and they say
that they're going to you know double
their revenue or let's say they let's
say they're actually they broke even in
this past quarter. Nobody's expecting
them to do that and and they have a very
good outlook that's well in advance of
what others were expecting. Well, people
may make different decisions uh on the
unlock
or it's it was uh perfectly it was uh
intentionally designed uh financial
engineering they call it that the
earnings call and the lockup the lockup
happens 2 days after the earnings call.
So, I guess it gives SpaceX a chance to
put up its best foot so that less people
will decide to sell. Regardless, the
stock is at a low at $108. So, it's not
great for SpaceX. And we'll see if the
story changes from this super long-term
story stock to something a little bit
more near-term. That would be really
interesting if they can make that
switch. But right now, it's seen as a
future kind of company. Okay, let's talk
Tesla. Uh, a number of things happened
for Tesla as well. This one was a bit of
a surprise. Elon commented on Optimus.
This person, Chris, asked the question,
"If physical AI gave you a personal
robot tomorrow, what's its one job?"
Elon replied, "Optimus will be epic."
So, again, sounds like another one of
those future future thing, but he's at
least uh a he's talking Tesla. He hasn't
talked Tesla in a while. and then be um
very very optimistic about it because if
if he wasn't optimistic about Optimus,
you know, the robot, I'd be concerned.
I'd be concerned. But he or he feels
like, okay, I think we nailed version
three. I've got a feeling good feeling
about this. We've got the AI on path. I
think he he's still very optimistic
about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he he's said a couple of things on
the call. There have been other people
that have seen V3 that you know just
friends of Elon or or other people that
have seen it. Jason Khan has said that
this is like six months ago. He said
once people see the V3 Optimist, they're
going to forget that Tesla made cars.
Um Elon on the earnings call said that
he basically gave an update that when
you see other robots that they're not
operating autonomously
and that is going to be the fundamental
difference with the Tesla Optimus is
they are going to nail the autonomy and
by the way when you see a Tesla Optimus
in many situations it's not operating
autonomously either. So, I mean, just to
be very clear on things, uh, he's he's
been pretty balanced in terms of of late
because if you're Elon, what do you
you're checking in with the team maybe
multiple times per week. I know he's out
in the Bay Area sitting with the Optimus
team very regularly and he sits with
that team and what does he have to go
through? He has to go through the
updates on AI, general autonomy. He's
got to go through the engineering
updates of how this thing is being
designed and built. He's got to go
through the manufacturing updates, the
site updates, uh the supply chain
updates. So he has to get kind of a
complete view of how is this thing
converging and uh and and and when you
know when does this thing go live and
then then he's balancing this reveal of
optimist as well which he has he himself
has moved uh promised in you know early
part of this year in in in March I
believe and and then promised again
around the point of manufacturing
starting so we may be getting into that
window. I I said that there's a
possibility that they would be in some
level of production by the end of
September. That's the end of next month.
So, we'll see what that mean. That's
limited, right? That's limited
production. This is V3. This is
something they'll probably peak out at a
million units a year capacity and
they're designing V4 uh right now. So, I
think he's been balanced, but I think
what he's I go back to Optimus will be
EPI epic. He's he has the only he's made
the only company that can do generalized
AI, can do manufacturing, and defined a
robot as capable. I we don't know of
another company yet that has proven
themselves on all three of those
parameters, whether it's on prior
products or or the current one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. As capable at scale. I I
personally want to uh caution people
when when I hear Optimus, this is the
path I see happening. Version three will
be a demo. You'll see it. You'll be
shocked and it'll be great. It's meant
to be a training bot, though. That's not
the one that's going to be sold to
customers. It's not the one that Tesla
is going to use. They're going to create
thousands of them, maybe 20, 30, 50,000
of them. But they will all go into
Optimus University so that they can get
to generalized train learning and, you
know, action. See a task once, be able
to replicate any task, every task.
That's what they're shooting for, just
like full self-driving. And so now
unlike full self-driving they don't have
the issue of you know safety and and
then something goes crazy people will
you know global news.
&gt;&gt; Well they absolutely they have safety
issues with with optimis and weight.
Yeah
&gt;&gt; true different. You're right different.
&gt;&gt; But no you're no thank you. You're
absolutely correct. Uh there is massive
safety issues too. But my point being
that it will be version four which won't
be until if we're all lucky second half
of next year. That's the one that's
going to go, you know, be used in actual
factories be. So Tesla does not care if
they can roll out a bot to say pick and
place. Yeah. A lot of companies are
going to show, hey, my bot can do pick
and place. That's not their goal. Their
goal is not just one task, any task,
every task. That will take years to
train it, get the generalized AI that
you've been talking about, and then
scale the bot. So they're going to scale
the bot, but they got to they got to do
generalized AI first. I I've been
critical of this and it's bizarre
regarding my background, but I've been
critical of like we're so focused on
like the like are they they're making
the factory in in in in the Austin area,
they're building the larger factory and
what's going on with the Fremont
conversion and what month are they going
to start? And that's only a very small
portion of the story. I I think people
need to be thinking about critical path
of getting generalized robots in the
marketplace where a company can send
them out. There's very few people that
are needed to maintain or watch over
them and they they act autonomously and
they generate revenue. And in even that
whole selling process and placement
process, there's a lot of resistance and
things that need to be need to be worked
through. What's good for Tesla is he has
so many companies that he can deploy
them in after the university and and
help his own companies uh before he
decides to go wide. But I think people
should just understand the the critical
path on optimist. We don't we actually
don't know the exact answer. I think
it's generalized autonomy of of these
things seeing and being able to do
tasks. I think they'll be able to
manufacture them at some speed and some
level prior to that. We're always kind
of focused on, you know, when are they
starting production because it's
exciting. It's something we can see,
feel, and touch. But there are a lot of
bots out there that have been produced
and you can see them standing in a
distribution center, but they're they're
not generally deployable and useful. And
I think that's what people need to
understand of what the real critical
path is.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeeoff. Okay, that's Optimus.
Now, let's go back to Tesla FSD. Uh,
Lemonade Insurance just announced that
they have expanded to a new state,
Tennessee. Uh, I think they this is
their fifth state, I believe, where if
you buy Lemonade uh car insurance
instead of other car insurance and you
have a Tesla and you drive FSD, every
mile that you use FSD on is 50% less to
ensure. It's now live in Tennessee.
They're moving along. I'm waiting for it
to go live here in Washington State. Um
this is Shai Winger uh said autonomous
car Tesla FC is now live in Tennessee
Tennessee. Tesla owners stop paying more
than you should for car insurance when
FSD does the driving for you. Uh they
have said that at some point they can
they can envision Tesla FSE insurance on
if you're using FSD it will get to the
point where it's near zero.
And that's uh because they've got the
data to show that it truly is already
safer less accidents and so forth. So
&gt;&gt; this is good for these companies because
if they can get you in via Tesla FSD and
they know the actual performance of
Tesla FSD, it's a supervised system, so
you still have a driver in the in this
in the seat and they're accountable, but
we have the data and and and Tesla
published a data last week of it being
seven times
safer than human driving. Again, this is
a supervised
vehicle. This isn't this isn't
necessarily there's nobody in the
driver's seat, but the point is is the
the supervised vehicle with human as a
backup is seven times safer. They know
it. So if they can they they may want to
get you in for zero or a very low number
because once you're in the lemonade
ecosystem, you may want to again go
switch your home over to it. You may
want to switch your pets over to it. You
may want to switch, you know, whatever
over to it. So it's advantageous.
Insurers love a good product because
they can set the rate at which you know
they know how this product performs in
the field and they can they know failure
rates they know seriousness of issues.
They know all these these things because
these Teslas put off so much data. So
insurers love great product. I dealt in
this world in the in the smartphone
world and and when they get a hold of a
really good really popular product it's
really good for their business. The
worst thing for insurers is actually a
really bad product. people think that,
you know, that that's a great thing for
them because they're finally, you know,
they're dealing with so many, but it's
not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's more uh uncertainty. All
right, that's good news. Uh let's talk
about the uh progress of FSD and one of
the concerns that people have is that
FSD version 14.3.7
um that you know Chuck code is using it.
Is it now able to solve these edge
cases? Because we need to have these
edge cases solved first. So, here's
Chuck Cook and let's listen to what he
did with the chain, the thin chain. That
was an issue that Tesla's been testing
for so long.
&gt;&gt; Memorial Park for the I guess the the
now famed chain test. We'll see if the
scenario works right out of the box or
if I have to recreate it. I will make
sure we do get the chain test verified
if it doesn't create the scenario. But
if it does create the scenario, we'll
see. Um the parking it should kind of
come around the corner here. Is it going
to pull over here?
It's It's going to pull over here. This
isn't where I want you to go. I have
parking lot selected and it's doing a
pullover scenario.
All right. So, it did park here, which
is not what I wanted. Um, let me see if
I can get it. Tesla did that. That would
be hilarious. All right. So, let's see
if um it's going to do it.
Here's the chain.
Blinkers, blankers, blinkers. And we're
going to get our fail here. Okay,
because it's that POI is rock solid,
right? Ready, set. Okay,
&gt;&gt; so
&gt;&gt; Okay, we're going to I'm going to show
you where the chain is. I think I can
get out here. Um, got my brake off. I'm
going to turn the camera on there. I'm
in the back. And that's a critical and a
snapshot.
All right.
So, we're out here and it was backing
into probably this spot over here and I
stopped it at about 15 to 24 in here.
This is the chain. It's there clear as
day. It was going to back into it. So,
we're still in a fail of course.
&gt;&gt; Still fail on that. So, that that's
version 14.3.7. So, we don't know if
version 15, which is what the roboaxis
have, has solved that issue. But that's
just an example of
&gt;&gt; it could be any point release that the
the point I I forwarded that one out and
the point is number one for people to
know that there are still edge cases
that need to be solved and you need to
supervise the system. Uh
I first off Chuck is one of the best at
really showing these edge cases. Does a
good job. Puts great videos out. I
recommend if you're not following follow
them. Black Model 3. Uh, that account
does a really good early they have early
access to these FSD releases. And
typically within 6 to 12 hours of the
release, he's got a kind of a full
article write up of his impressions. And
the overall impressions on 1437 have
actually been very good. I think David
Moss said it's the best Tesla release
&gt;&gt; ever. Um, you know, very short, you
know,
&gt;&gt; you know, time in in use, but people
have been pretty impressed. But these
the point is of Chuck's
uh post there's still edge cases that
need to be solved. I don't know if
version 15 is needed. I think Tesla just
needs to figure out how they can see
these things. I also think the world is
going to have to continue to adjust to
to to drive self-driving cars, but
that's not going to happen overnight. So
these these edge cases need to be
resolved. the the the question is is now
you start getting into grading them in
severity of you know what's a severe
edge case versus what's non severe and
even some of these situations too you're
going to try to test it maybe the car
would have stopped I know Chuck stopped
it and made a decision I don't know uh I
don't know if it would have stopped or
not uh in his judgment I trust his
judgment that it it wouldn't but and
this is why you supervise the vehicle so
they still have some edge cases to work
through I think that's the key takeaway
and you got to supervise the system. Now
that is version 14.3.7 which is what we
are using but uh robo taxis are using
version 15 or version of version 15
right as but here is a Tesla robo taxi
that got stuck in Dallas so it still is
that loop where it's driving around
doesn't know how to get out and notice
support had to connect to the vehicle
after about 3 to 5 minutes being in a
loop and I noticed on the screen poor
connectivity so even with this now I
don't know if this robo taxi in this
Dallas is using the version 15 but it's
still not solved this loop issue. Now
the other thing too is that um look you
if happens just loops for 3 to 5 minutes
support is called now you have a remote
operator comes in. So, if you wanted to,
you could do a Whimo scenario. You got
4,000 cars out there. You can have a
bunch of remote support operators and
you could call them in when needed. But
that's not what Tesla Tesla wants to do.
20,000, 50,000, a million cars out
there. You can't have that. That's why
they're trying to resolve it sooner than
later. So, yeah, this is still an issue.
And this is what people need to
understand is if you 10x the number of
vehicles out there, you 10x the prob you
10x the probability of unsolved edge
cases appearing and
that's the kind of thing you want to you
want to work through and you want to
resolve. So the probability of these are
much much much lower. Again, nobody's
getting hurt. You have to grade these
things and you know are they safety
related or are they potentially
convenience or traffic blocking related.
So I think Tesla just needs to grade
these and solve them as quickly as
possible. I think they are I think they
are making progress on on a lot of edge
cases. Uh but it'll be one of these
things where you you'll still continue
to see deployments and growth in the in
the output. But I I think they they have
some clarity in their mind of the
different modules that need to be in
version 15 and where they're at in terms
of fully testing it. So the the update
we got two or three weeks ago is they've
got three of the seven major V15
features integrated.
Uh I want to get your opinion on this.
We have both comments from James Dama,
well-known um wellrespected AI expert
that's in retail community. And then you
got Omar Home Omar's catalog. They both
came gave some comments. First um James
not not regarding the robo taxi just a
separate conversation alto together and
he was asked hey we haven't heard from
you what you're thinking about FSD and
how Tesla's do progressing and he said
this isn't a technical issue so all I
can offer is an opinion. It's just his
own opinion. I think they're being more
careful than they thought they would
have to be because hostility to
self-driving is greater than it was a
few years ago. I also think that nearly
zero at fault this accidents didn't seem
possible before but it does now. So at
the same time he's going you know it's
actually possible to have zero at fault
accidents
Tesla's safety but at the same time the
hostility of self-driving has gone so
much that they are being more careful
than they thought.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is what I I've said. It
looks like Tesla went from the
conversation being around meaningfully
safer than a human, which is the
supervised system is at 7x safer. I
mean, we we're at zero out of 380,000
miles safety incidents
on the driverless robo taxis, which is
obviously a great data point. It went
from that conversation around
meaningfully safer than a human and
getting, you know, more than 10 billion
miles to getting to, you more of an
unsupervised state to now we're at 13
billion miles and, you know, zero out
of, you know, 380,000
miles. Um, and you know, the the
discussion on the march of nines, we
don't know how many nines. There's
people speculating
on what that could be. All all I think
people should understand is there's a
curve and there's an area under the
curve and what the curve and if if I'm
Tesla and I had to do this reliability
modeling before with my teams about
product releases and how do you release
them and how do you do it in a way where
you don't upset uh the public in a
concentrated area as well and what you
want to understand are what are the
nature of the issues you first off it's
a nogo if there's a serious safety issue
you just don't ship it. But once you're
into convenience, performance, you you
always have you always have a top five
issue. So now you're now the question is
is what's the probability occurrence?
It's like a bucket of water and you can
only fill it so much. Once that bucket
is full, that area and those people are
probably going to be full and fed up. So
you never want to fill up that bucket of
issues. You want the probability of
occurrence to be lower. So Tesla is
allowing what they can do basically is
they can allow more cars to be deployed
as they bring the the the incident rate
down and that's what they're doing. Uh
but you know to make that meaningful
inflection make that meaningful jump
that that to me is going to be more of a
judgment. I agree with James. It's going
to be more of a judgment call and and
maybe less of a technical like the
technical
performance will continue uh and and in
improving.
&gt;&gt; It's just where they going to snap the
line.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're going to wait until
version 15 is fully baked in and tested
and then uh Asha called it ridiculously
safe. So, I think safety is obviously
the most important thing. Um here is uh
more miles being driven. A Tesla Europe
announced 195,000 kilometers of fully
autonomous supervised driving has been
tested in France. 40 60% on urban and
rural roads and no notable incidents. So
France is announced that they will
probably um deny um approval and so
they're just trying to say hey we're
already there. Yasai VP of AI said a
safety record earned in the real world
not just on a track. This is real world.
Uh Tesla just crossed 13 billion miles
traveled, including over 5 billion city
miles. Again, this is supervised 13
billion over the course of all these
years over all these different versions.
And um but then he also said this, a
commercially acceptable driverless car
probably needs around 6 to 8 n of
reliability for safety critical outcomes
depending on how severe the outcome is.
In US there's about 1.19 deaths per 100
million miles traveled. So you need to
drive 1 billion miles to prove that your
system really is safe. This would be
unsupervised, driverless, commercial. Do
you think that uh he's right there?
That's hard to say because
because it it is not it's not a
technical issue anymore. So what would
happen in this situation in a company is
the technical team would provide a
recommendation and the management team
then would make a judgment call on it
and I think James encapsulated James D
encapsulated the conversation well which
is the it's not a measurable thing but
just what is the the world's what is
what are people's tolerance to issues
with these things they're robots there's
not somebody to open the door and blame
direct correctly and
you've seen them you've seen you know in
some you've seen incidents in some
cities but in general I think Whimo's I
think Whimo is being a good overall good
steward of this uh so what you want if
you're Tesla and I've said this before
you want to get into these cities and
you just want to have a a reputation of
being reliable
clean fast not in any
and and you just want to keep building
on that reliability and I think it's
going to come down to the number of
rides given with zero incident. I think
uh one of the accounts on XGMO was was
just polling people of if you've taken a
driverless robo tax you've ever had an
incident where they had to you know call
in and intervene you know for your
vehicle. It's crude a crude poll, but
it's a poll. And I I I I think you just
want this b you you just want this this
tipping point in terms of the public's
acceptance of these things of like
they're better than us. Like they just
drive better than us. When that happens,
how do you measure that? How do you take
the temperature on that? It's hard to
say. If if if I'm I think one of the
other things that Tesla is waiting for
too is a large amount of regulator
approvals because regulators have
computers, they have televisions, they
can see even if they're a regulator in
France, they can see if there was a
major issue in Texas or a major issue in
Nevada. And I I think if you're Tesla,
there's no reason for you to put another
thousand of these out there without a
bunch of regulator approvals under your
belt. And the when these regulators
approve, they are very complimentary of
the system and they do great writeups of
it. But I I think that's the bottom line
is when is that tipping point uh with
kind of media and public acceptance?
Hard to say. I think that's very
difficult for investors by the way. And
then when do you see a bunch more
regulator approvals and or regulator
standard changes where if you're in the
US, you've got a federal autonomous
framework? You're not going to get
anything through Congress anytime soon.
So it' have to be some form of executive
orders that would allow drive the
acceleration of this with companies, but
I think you're need a couple of those
things to happen.
&gt;&gt; All right. uh Chamat all-in podcast
wrote a great article made it I'm not
going to read any of it right now but um
he did a deep dive on what happens with
self-driving cars and uh he point he
highlighted Arc Invest Rideill
addressable market how it's going to go
way beyond just um rideill and into you
know basically beating um becoming a
transportation as a service you also
pointed out uh robo taxi fleet earnings
operation how many robo taxis that you
own, how much money you can make. And he
says, I plan to buy and deploy large
fleets around the country when possible.
Should pay back and be positive free
cash for less than two years is what he
thinks. And then a bunch of uh cyber
cabs were spotted in San Antonio, Texas.
So that's was pretty cool. Um
you know, again, we're seeing them, but
again, parked there. So I don't know if
that's just being tested. Of course it
is. And then finally, we also have um
here we go. FC Supervised keeps you
seven times safer on the road for about
$3.3 a day. It's just average, so
everybody should get it. And finally,
Whimo actually did a commercial and
showing how safe it is. I'll play that
now. But um yeah, we do want more of
this.
&gt;&gt; Million of us every year
because we're human.
wonderful complex humans. So, we built a
driver that never blinks, never gets
tired or angry,
or has a few too many, seeing far,
thinking fast,
and reacting quickly.
That took over a decade
&gt;&gt; because we had to get it more than
working.
We had to do it right.
Now, the Whimo driver is safer than a
human one.
Statistically, 10 times safer in the
cities we serve.
Not because humans aren't enough,
but because they're everything.
Yeah, great messages in that and really
well done. Tesla should do that, too.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um, but like I said, all those things
Tesla Tesla they obviously want to get
to their forget about the version, but
just they want to get to that release
with all of those features integrated
described in V15. They probably want
more regulator approvals and then they
they probably want just more time and
trust from the public. But I really
think it's those two. I really think
they want to rack up the regulator
approvals and get B15
fully
vetted and get all those features
integrated so they take that incident
rate down dramatically and solve these
issues.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you so much, Jeff. Follow
him on his ex account, the Jeffoff Lots.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.