Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Elon's 3 Part Answer To The AI Shortage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgyYkniiNfE
Published:   2026-08-20 16:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-20 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In space, one satellite is enough to
turn on to do some appreciable amount of
inference. We can get terrestrial chip
manufacturing capacity up to about 300
or so gaw. It would be 210 launches per
week of Starship. 40,000 people died in
the US on the road. He is betting his
company on a massive growth in AI
demand. I'm trying to create essentially
the largest catalog of Starlink
terminals, but this may be one of the
largest supply to demand gaps in an
aggressive market that the world has
ever experienced. There is some
emotional feel that people are
experiencing when they see this vehicle.
If SpaceX was to fulfill that shortfall,
how many AI3 satellites would they have
to put up in 2030 to meet that
shortfall? Here's the number.
Welcome to another episode of Two Guys,
Two Weeks. And Phil, it has actually
been two weeks this time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like always, nothing seems to happen.
&gt;&gt; Nothing happens at all. And we're just
suspended in time.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, we actually got quite a bit to
talk about today, so let's dive right
into it. But first of all, uh I've got
us wearing a couple of t-shirts and this
is um a hint of what's to come. Um we've
got Terra Fab and Star Mind on our minds
and of course Starship in the
background.
And uh these three initiatives for
SpaceX uh matter a lot and we'll get
into why in a second. Um perhaps more
than people realize.
Uh but you're looking pretty good in
your Star Mine shirt. You're always
looking a little bit more hip than me.
Phil, I'm gonna try to continue that
if at all possible. Of course, you built
these. So, I just want to point that
out. You built this. So, you have an
opportunity to make yourself look
any way you want.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. I guess it's the lack of
hair. I guess that's the issue for me. I
don't know if there's any way to make me
looking cooler.
&gt;&gt; I think we should make those shirts. I
think we should make those shirts.
&gt;&gt; I think we we should.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And in this case, we almost need a
third because there's a third player in
the middle here. Luckily, he's
&gt;&gt; he or she is represented. But yeah,
that's right.
Well, let's get the disclaimer out of
the way. And what I want to do today is
extend the thinking a little bit from
your great work. I I name this curve
after you. And I think there's a lot
here and I've heard now more people sort
of talking about this in principle.
Uh it would be a lot easier if they just
referred to this curve by its proper
name.
&gt;&gt; It's funny.
&gt;&gt; And so I wanted to dive into the numbers
a little bit and and I kind of did it in
my own way. Um
and for those that that may have missed
our previous discussions on this, Phil,
why don't you just give us a brief
overview of of what you are depicting on
this chart? And what this chart is
attempting to say, and you can move the
lines around a little bit, is that
we have a massive
demand issue, high quality problem, lots
of demand for AI, and we have
um not enough computer power. In this
case, it just says not enough supply.
And the way it depicts this is by saying
that the blue line is a sort of
unfettered demand at a particular growth
rate.
That the yellow line
or orange line drags it back based on
efficiency gains.
That the line on the bottom which is the
dotted dotted green line represents
supply as we know it. supply in terms of
uh this is really talking about supply
of chips and not the power component.
And it says we're kind of screwed
because it shows this very very large
gap the red zone the red area between um
you know what is demanded and what is
available
in supply and then shows this little guy
in the middle the terraab dent which is
quite significant.
Um my conclusion with this is that terra
fab is insanely necessary
uh is the solution to the problem and
ultimately one is not enough.
&gt;&gt; I contrasted it with your article which
we're about to jump into and I think
that some of my lines were a little bit
some of these assumptions are a little
bit more aggressive but you know what
the story held up really.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, in a way, it it's exactly
and I'm so glad you did what you did, by
the way. Put your mind to it independent
of my mind. Um, put some data behind it.
And, uh,
so we got this this this massive problem
and you know, how do we solve it? And
you have a conclusion and it's the same
conclusion I have. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. So, just before we get into that,
uh, a couple things just to note. Your
terapab ramp there, where you've got
terapab ramp begins, really should start
as that green line tilts up. So, that
that's a little, uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; strong edit to this chart. Um, you had
the raw demand number growing at 3.4x
per year,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And you'll see in a minute in the
numbers that I put together, um, I had
it growing far less than that. So, just
keep that in mind as we go through some
of these numbers. Um, I tried to be
conservative on the AI demand side. Uh,
but I fully recognize that with Agentic
AI, with autonomous vehicles, with
robots, I think the demand for AI is
going to go through the roof. Um, but
nevertheless, um, I tried to be
conservative numbers.
&gt;&gt; You know, the work that I did
&gt;&gt; Go ahead. I was just going to say, Phil,
the work that I did that we're going to
talk about here in a second, I'm
focusing mainly on the left side of this
chart from now until through 2030.
And one of the conclusions that scared
me a lot when you presented this chart
to me was if you look at the right side
of this chart, and as you just
mentioned, one terap is not nearly
enough. Looks like by about 2035, 2036,
we probably only need three or four,
maybe five teraps
at least well on the way to that. So, I
hope that's in the plans. We're going to
need to acquire a lot more land in Texas
if we're going to be building five
theraps.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, probably. Remember when I put this
together, I said, you know, take the
numbers with a grain of salt and and I
we we went through these charts uh
the two or three weeks ago
and I showed one where I had an argument
with Grock about it and Grock came up
with much more aggressive demand that I
put here. M
&gt;&gt; and um and by the way, I said at the
time and I'll say again, the irony is
not lost, right? I mean, here's an AI
arguing with me about AI demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so, I'm using AI to build my chart.
So,
um
you know, I've worked this around in my
brain many times. I don't have a direct
conclusion other than there is a massive
gap here between demand and I think
demand
my intuition about this is demand will
grow
uh exceedingly fast on an accelerated
basis. It will probably catch catch what
we I I think it'll catch this graph. The
other thing just to mention before we
leave this particular image is that
yellow or orange line in the middle the
efficiency adjusted demand. And so
that's where you know AI chips become
more efficient um more power efficient
the software itself is better um you
need less power to generate same amount
of tokens etc. Um so that's in this case
throttling back your raw demand number
uh of 3.4x 4x per year down to about
2.3x. That obviously appears to be a key
part of this equation. Not only do we
need to build more chips and more power
terapabs and so on, but we need to find
efficiencies in AI itself
um and and the power use of the chips
and and those facilities. So that's a
key part of this equation and the
biggest challenge with that is it's
almost impossible to have any prediction
about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Other than the fact
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Other than the fact that
whole industries will be created around
the idea of creating efficiency when you
create the scarcity problem, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I mean, economic incentive to come up
with efficiency solutions. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it'll happen and I'm
in some ways hopeful that
uh this is wildly
uh you know over
it doesn't build in enough efficiency
and I think way you showed it I think
there were more efficiency gains that
line has to come down a lot closer to
the green line for us to have a sunny
day. So
&gt;&gt; yes,
&gt;&gt; um because I think we are I I don't know
what compares to this. I'm sure there's
some historical comparison. I can't
think of it offhand, but this may be one
of the largest supply to demand gaps in
a aggressive market that the world has
ever ever experienced.
&gt;&gt; So um and what we don't want is we don't
want scarcity in AI. We don't want it
priced in ways that it's not attainable
for use for everyone, right? Um
right now it it it feels cheap relative
to its um
you know relative to its cost. Um and so
it and everyone is using it and the more
people that use it the better. So it's
important that it doesn't end up in the
hands of of
people who can afford it. It's one of
those things and this is known as Jevans
paradox. The cheaper it becomes the more
demand it creates.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Which allows it to gain efficiencies,
become cheaper and creating even more
demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So it's one of those things as the price
drops the demand just explodes.
Uh which again is what we want. The
question is at any given point in time
what the economics of that looks like.
The closer that that orange line is to
the green line
um you know the more imbalanced the
market is from a supply demand
perspective
the higher that orange line is above the
green line then the crazier it gets in
terms of memory prices, power prices,
the cost of literally everything.
Uh so that is a key a key issue to
resolve over time.
So, let's just take a quick look at at
sort of where we're at. This is from
from Epoch AI. This is AI data centers
ranked by capital cost as of yesterday.
So, they've estimated that Colossus 2,
the largest uh data center so far, uh
that that's seen about a $36 billion
investment to date. And they say here
for comparison, units three and four of
the of a nuclear power plant uh cost an
estimated 36.8 billion.
So it's it's in line with building a
massive nuclear power plant. Uh
Anthropics, Amazon, New Carile data
center, they estimate about 34 billion
has been invested in that so far and you
can see other ones Microsoft, Meta,
Google and so on. Uh but Colossus 2 so
far has seen the biggest investment
according to these folks. And then when
you look at it by compute, uh Colossus 2
has uh about 1.2 two 1.1 million I think
uh H100 equivalents
uh in that data center and that's the
largest by far. Uh the Microsoft
Fairwater data center in Atlanta looks
like it's about 750,000.
I think one of the better ways of
looking at this and we're seeing now um
uh certainly Tesla change the way that
they're reporting their their data
center capacity converting it to
megawatt or gigawatt equivalents. So in
this case uh the Colossus 2 data center
is close to 1 gawatt of compute power.
Um and they say here for comparison the
average power consumption of San Diego
is about 800 megawws.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So 08.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
By the way that's
that's eye popping, isn't it? It's
crazy. I mean if you've been to San
Diego it's not just a city. it's the
whole suburban, you know, area. Um that
this includes commercial and residential
power, all power use.
And then what's interesting is looking
at this over time and this is still from
epoch uh looking at cumulative power
capacity for data centers. So the two
things you have to consider is the power
behind the chips and then the power
itself for the data center for the
cooling networking etc.
&gt;&gt; Right? And so the kind of a a quick
rough way to think about this is
whatever the chip power consumption is
the total power usage is going to be
about two and a half times.
So the dark green there is the chip
power and at the end of 2025 that was
about 12 1/2 gaw.
Uh by comparison the total power
consumption of New Zealand uh the
country where I was born is about 7
gawatt.
the power consumption of the Netherlands
is about 19 gawatt. It's entire
countries.
And if you factor in the uh the rest of
the power needs for the whole data
center for cooling and so on, um we're
at about 31 and change gawatt of
cumulative power capacity for AI. And to
put that into perspective, that's the
peak usage of New York State. So we're
we're getting up to some pretty serious
numbers in terms of power consumption
&gt;&gt; or power capacity. Okay.
So here it is sort of mapped out over
time and you can see this starts from uh
first quarter of 2022.
Um I'm measuring the data center power
and the green line and what I'm calling
chip power just the raw power of the
compute per the yellow line. So again 12
1/2 gawatts at the end of 2025 and 31.2
2 GW for the data center power in 20 at
the end of 2025. You can see the growth
in this has been pretty astonishing.
Um and the question is as we look out
for the next few years where is this
where is this headed?
&gt;&gt; Do you do you know
running back on this what this growth
rate is here?
&gt;&gt; It's pretty enormous. uh to go from
let's say at the end of 2022
uh about a gigawatt up to 31 at the end
of 2025.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So in 3 years you go from 1 to 31 that's
a huge growth rate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely enormous.
By the way, I wonder what the spread
between these is showing us because you
can see that the the data center line is
growing sort of I mean maybe it's just
always maybe it's just a way to it's
it's basically 2.5x right
&gt;&gt; about two and a half times all the way
across. Yeah, roughly it's you know some
give and take in that but that's a rough
estimate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's it's important to
understand that when people talk about
uh name plate compute they're talking
about the 12.5 when they're talking
about total compute you know it adds
another two well it's 2.5
&gt;&gt; 2.5 the the chip power. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So yeah you just have to be aware of
what numbers people are throwing around.
Yeah, because you're it it is a little
confusing and you have to when Elon says
compute, he means compute. Um when he
talks about terra producing terowatt of
annualized compute, he's talking that is
equivalent to the 12.5 number meaning
like he's talking about the comput side.
He's not talking about the operational
energies required in addition to I mean
basically I think it it's important to
say maybe it's very important to say
that we've gotten ourselves into a place
where instead of measuring compute by
MIPS or flops or teraflops or something
like that. We've just looked at it from
a constraint point of view what's the
limiting factor and we started to just
call it power. So it makes it a little a
little confusing because what I might
add to this when you look at that 12.5
that's essentially GPU compute it's not
a GPU compute power it is not all the
scikar CPUs required to orchestrate that
that's why part of the reason you have
this gap
&gt;&gt; is because the CPUs are not included in
that 12.5 they are above that line
&gt;&gt; and certainly everything else in terms
of um power electronics and transforming
and electric electric loss and cooling
all the stuff that makes it come alive.
&gt;&gt; Um,
by the way, this is a different this is
a different reality when you get to
space which we can talk about.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if we think about then making
some projections just from now till end
of 2030,
here's what it would look like if AI
demand simply doubled. And again I
remind our viewers that in your chart
you had raw demand increasing by 3.4x.
So this is a 2x line
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So we would go from 31.2 to roughly you
know 62 at the end of this year to 125
to 250 at the end of 2028 to 500 at the
end of 2029 and uh a terowatt,000 gawatt
by 2030.
This is simply just if AI demand doubled
which
&gt;&gt; to me seems like an extreme lowball
scenario and so I wanted to be I wanted
to be conservative. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, you did a great job putting it
there. Um
&gt;&gt; and when I put together my original
chart, I thought it was ridiculously
eyepoppingly big until I started
thinking about all the stuff in AI that
it doesn't even account for.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And once we got there, I was like,
well,
how do I not make this seem ridiculous
at this point? Right. Right. So, let's
let's stick with yours and show how
insane the gapping still is, right? As a
rough check, I checked in with my
friends at the IEA knowing that they are
usually hilariously conservative. Um,
and they are basically at a terowatt of
of compute uh by 2030.
Uh the green dot there is about 950
gawatt, but the range the gray range is
up up to a terowatt. So I felt pretty
comfortable that I'm in conservative
territory of the IEA agrees with me.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Um and they they say here too, by the
way. They said the mid to longerterm
outlook for data center electricity
demand sees a possible upside
investments in relieving bottlenecks
across energy equipment and chip
manufacturing and the rapid uptake of
energyintensive use cases of AI raised
the prospect that there could be an even
higher upside case after 2030
again that's them being conservative the
other thing too in terms of compute
efficiency
so um according to this AI chip
performance per dollar has improved by
37% per year. Okay, so the compute
performance you can buy for a dollar is
improved by roughly 40% per year across
over 20 AI accelerators released between
2012 and 2025.
So much of this is driven by
manufacturers introducing more powerful
and more expensive chips. The GB300 cost
nearly five times the P100's but
delivers about 24 times the performance
per dollar. And so that's been a big
part of the efficiency gains. And we we
expect this to continue.
Okay. And here's a kind of a chart of
that. Um P100s versus V100s versus A100s
versus H100s.
And to get back to your earlier point
about uh uh floatingoint operations per
second per dollar, you can see it's gone
up a lot. And so that's been increasing
at about 1.4x per year
pretty consistently since was it 2012.
So definitely the efficiencies are there
that will continue but you can see that
that is not growing that efficiency
isn't as high as what the demand growth
is.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. Okay. So here's my rough way then
of taking my raw AI demand of a terowatt
by 2030 and knocking that back. And in
this case, with the assumptions I used,
it basically knocks back to about half
of the number, 515 GW. I would say that
I was probably a little bit optimistic
on the efficiency gains. Again, trying
to be conservative with AI demand.
Okay. So, effectively, we've knocked our
demand back by by half.
Okay.
So, here is then introducing where I
think the chip capacity could be. And
it's not necessarily where I think it'll
be. It's it's multisourcing
uh different folks uh thoughts on this.
Um and I'm not citing one source here.
There's a number of different sources
that go into this, but basically if
we're lucky, we can get terrestrial chip
manufacturing capacity up to about 300
or so gawatt.
So you can see then that by 2030
that covers about 2/3 of the demand.
So it looks like from a chip perspective
for the next few years we're we're okay.
we have enough chips for 2026, 27, 28,
and then 29 and 2030, you might start to
get into a situation where we might be
short there again. Now, again, we're
looking at a few years who who knows by
then. Obviously, every single year you
add on to a forecast like this, the
uncertainty range increases.
Okay, but just just per our simple
model, uh there could be a shortage of
chips. And again, this is partly why
Elon's building terap.
Okay.
And if we just look at it in terms of
raw numbers, it's about 190 gawatt
shortfall in 2035. In 2030.
Okay. By the way, compare that to the
number we started with 12.
Yeah,
that's right. Yeah. 190 gawatt. Yeah.
It's a big number even with these
extremely conservative assumptions for
AI demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's in crazy. It's a crazy
number.
&gt;&gt; If my AI demand in instead of 500
gawatts is more like a terowatt, then
this is 690 shortfall.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a few more New York states.
You can add it. You can probably add all
50 states beyond that, right?
Well, 50 states that run United States
uh energy capacity is what about half a
ter terowatt I believe it's about 500
gawatt 500 500 gawatt
now that's the chip side of things let's
look at the energy side the energy side
actually may be more problematic
and in listening to the recent moonshots
podcast uh they had a guy on there that
was talking about the challenges
of grid connections. This is a large
load grid connection weight times are
increasing.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, when they surveyed back in
April of 2025 versus November 2025, you
can see that all the different areas,
Atlanta, Northern Virginia, and the Bay
Area, um the the delivery uh times the
wait times increased by 6 to 7 months.
So, this is this is not improving.
So even if you build the data center,
even if you put the chips in it, get
everything ready, the interconnection to
the grid, you maybe just waiting on
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now the other thing that that we
should note is the US grid is is built
for sort of peak capacity and that it's
not completely utilized. And this is
where this idea of, you know, battery
storage makes a great deal of sense. And
this is an opport opportunity certainly
for Tesla is if you can charge the
batteries during a demand trough and use
them at the peak, you can kind of shave
off that those peaks and troughs and
that makes sense. You're not placing a
big demand on on the grid as as you
might otherwise be. Uh, of course, it's
also creating all kinds of other
opportunities for people to create their
own sources of power, whether it's
nuclear power plants or other turbines
that they're setting up and Elon's done
a great job with that. Um but none
nonetheless uh the issues the issues
persist based again on sort of looking
at multiple sources of where we might be
from a power capacity side. It looks
like you know roughly in the 200 gawatt
range by 2030.
Again there's a wide range around that
could range between 100 to 300 but let's
call it 200.
And so in that case, the shortfall is
even greater than it is on the chip
side.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; And by the way, I adjusted my chip
numbers for the that that two and a half
multiple. So we're looking at apples to
apples comparisons here. So by 2030,
you're at about 40% perhaps of where AI
demand might be
just from looking at the power side.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So not only do we have chips as a
problem, but we've also got power now as
a problem. And again, this is nothing
new. I'm just trying to put some numbers
to this and sort of frame out how large
is this problem. And I think with
conservative numbers, it's pretty pretty
scary. So, it's about a 315 gawatt
shortfall from a power power side of
things, right? Something has to give.
And to put the two side by side looks
like this.
Power versus the chips. So, right now,
from what we're seeing, the power side
of the equation looks like a bigger
problem than the chip side.
But again, that's 2030. If you run out a
few more years, things may look quite
different.
Um,
&gt;&gt; also also point out or maybe you're
about to point out is the power problem
isn't the power problem is a bigger
problem because it's not just a uniform,
you know, kind of asset. It's not
something that's just a like chips you
can put anywhere you want, but power you
can't. So that's right.
Power is also a bit more of a political
issue. Um there's all kinds of
challenges but the power side
&gt;&gt; just look at what um look at the back
flips Elon did with power basically uh
producing power now still still this
this is behind the the meter power for
Colossus but I believe he's powering
most of Colossus 2 from uh natural gas
generators on the cross state line in
Mississippi
um
because it it's not it was not agree
able to do that in Tennessee.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's had to get very creative
um and as well as thinking ahead in
terms of lining up additional generating
capacity for future data center
expansion including buying buying a
company u and locking up supply from
other key suppliers. So, this is this
has been an issue for a while. If you
recall, I'm not sure when it was. I want
to say it's over a year ago now where he
was talking about the issue with with
the turbines that the issue was the the
veins the blades.
&gt;&gt; The blades veins,
&gt;&gt; right? So, this is something that he's
been thinking about and working on for
some time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm sure he's thought two years
before these charts showed up or anybody
started talking about this, he's thought
about the constraints.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, what's the answer? Well, if you
are a SpaceX or Tesla investor, then you
know certainly what's been talked about
and we've talked about terap is part of
part of the solution here. The other
part of the solution of course is Star
Mind and we'll get to that in a second.
And then of course for Star Mine to work
you need Star Ship to be fully reusable
and functional and so on. So you know
we've we've gone through this before but
this is the issue that Elon sees is that
the available compute it's maybe 20 GW
and he's saying I need a terowatt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So instead of trying to buy up all the
supply that's not going to get you
there. You need to build it yourself.
Right. And so that's that's where that
comes from. And then of course from the
power side you put the the power
generation in the space again all all
things that we've talked about before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And of course you get the star mind. And
so the one of the things I did then was
say okay given the shortfalls that we
have in this in this particular example
this particular model
what do the numbers look like? How much
would
SpaceX have to put up into orbit between
now and 2030
for that solution to completely satisfy
the shortfalls that I see in the model.
&gt;&gt; So that was an interesting exercise. Now
I don't necessarily think that that's
the only opportunity.
Uh we should also mention that Tesla for
example with the Megapod is pursuing an
opportunity to use the power that's
already provisioned for the
superchargers in some way. Right. Power
provide.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's other things like that.
&gt;&gt; They both have that particular piece of
parody which is
taking advantage of power where you can
find it. Like literally it's localized
power. I mean in space it's
definitionally this that because of the
solar in the case of these pods he was
talking about that Tesla's done. It's
sort of the same pro it's the same
thing. You have to overprovision the
superchargers for maximum capacity.
You're left with a grid interconnect
with more power than you need
uh at any given time. Not at any given
time, but at most times and therefore
you have excess power that you can
consume
and it's well spread out. Right? So it's
this beautiful distribution which is
that that's basically matching power
where it's produced.
So if it's in Spokane or it's in
Bosezeman or wherever
um you can pull power from those local
grid connects
and it's independent of you know like
you So the idea here is that instead of
trying to think of putting data centers
where it's most agreeable to build the
data center you're I mean I think it's
not a mistake that Colossus was built on
that
uh that particular area in Memphis which
borders three states. states and it's
very
it's it's very purposeful that it's put
there because of of partially because of
power.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Um but that's a centralized approach,
right? And effectively what the beauty
of the podi architecture is that it's
decentralized and of course the beauty
of Star is that it's inherently
definitionally and so forth
decentralized. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And incremental, you know, incremental
compute too, right? That's the beauty of
StarMine allows you something that that
nothing else really does in this
equation. It allows you to add compute
incrementally
to the entire data center fabric. Um
that's that's a very different thing. I
mean when you do something like Colossus
you you're going to fill the building,
right? You're going to buy I mean you
could do it in phases. That's fine. Um
lots of projects are done in phases. um
the pods out to supercharger points and
so forth mitigate that somewhat. But in
space, one satellite is enough to turn
on to do some appreciable amount of
inference. Then you can launch, you
know, new ones and turn on light up more
compute every single hour if you want.
What I'm attempting to show in this
chart, Phil, is a couple things. one is
uh we've got the AI1 satellite and the
compute density for that the sustained
compute density is about 175 kilowatt
peak is maybe 250 okay and what I'm
trying to show here is if we go from the
left to the right is over time and this
isn't perfect and it's kind of a step in
the dark on my part but I'm showing that
we get to A1 AI1 plus satellite and then
AI2 and AI2 plus and then what I'm
calling AI3 Right?
&gt;&gt; But there'll be some sort of
generational improvement. And again,
it's not going to line up perfectly with
the years. I'm just sort of showing some
progression. And I'm suggesting here
that if they can improve the compute
density of the satellites from, let's
say, 175 kilowatt
to a,000 kilowatt, a megawatt per
satellite. Elon has talked about a goal
of launching 100 uh gawatts of solar
orbital AI comput capacity per year.
Okay. So, pretty pretty big number. That
is a huge number by the way,
&gt;&gt; right? And so, if you have a satellite
that can do a megawatt, then that's um a
thousand of them per gigawatt,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; If your satellite on the left only does
175
kilowatts, then you need 5,714
satellites to get a gigawatt.
So look at the the innovation imperative
then that SpaceX has to find a way to
improve compute density for these
satellites.
&gt;&gt; It drastically reduces the number of
satellites you have to put up.
&gt;&gt; So I'm looking at that and I'm saying
okay that's incentive enough they will
figure this out over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And again maybe by 2030 that they're not
going to be at a thousand uh kilowatts
per per satellite but they're hopefully
working towards that. So to get to their
target then of 100 gigawatts,
you would need um a 100,000 satellites.
So that's a lot.
Um but if I mean go back, it's not a
lot.
&gt;&gt; It's not a lot in its environment,
&gt;&gt; but it's more about
&gt;&gt; and it's not necessarily a lot to build.
It's just a lot to move into this into
its environment. That's really the key
issue here.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in other words, Elon
can figure out manufacturing at scale
and placement, the so-called real estate
of space is not a limiting factor at
all. There's nothing that that doesn't
approach any kind of a a problem, but
it's all about Starship. And I think
you're about to say something to that
effect. Yeah. And so what I did then is
take the output from the model that we
had before with the shortfall of compute
and energy and I said okay where's the
greatest issue while it's energy so what
was the shortfall about 315 gawatt by
2030
&gt;&gt; if
SpaceX was to fulfill that shortfall
how many
AI3 satellites would they have to put up
in 2030 to meet that shortfall?
Again, a purely hypothetical analysis.
Okay, here's the number. It would be
315,000 satellites would be needed.
It would be 210 launches per week
of Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Now, that sounds like a
crazy number because I think Falcon 9
launches, they're now at I think it's
about
they've done 100 I think this year so
far as of yesterday and I think maybe I
want to say 8 or 900 in total. Maybe
it's only 600 and something, but
&gt;&gt; uh I think it's I think it's broken into
about 800 if I'm correct
&gt;&gt; in that range. Okay. So, what we're
talking what we're talking about here
then is 10,517
launches a year
&gt;&gt; or 210 per week.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's
that's pretty significant increase.
&gt;&gt; I know. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Will they get there by 2030? I don't
know. From where we sit today, that
feels like a stretch for me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But when we think about again how
many you know airline flights there are
leaving every day that's a colossal
number. So if Starship becomes anything
like flying and landing an airplane
&gt;&gt; then these numbers are doable. The
question is how long will it take SpaceX
to get Starship to that kind of state?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way, by the way, a good
pause is to say this, I think. Um, you
know, I'm sure people are thinking,
well, that's crazy.
They can't do that. So, therefore, but I
want to point out, therefore, what?
Therefore, what? You can't solve the
problem as we'll as we'll the finish
line of this conversation is you can't
solve this
demand problem on terapirma. You can't
do it on planet Earth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, this is the solution to the problem.
It's sort of the only solution to the
problem.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think we're going to find all
the solutions that we can on Earth.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; But that's not enough,
&gt;&gt; right? But it's
&gt;&gt; and this may not be enough either in the
early years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's exactly
the solutions on Earth are not just
enough.
They're not enough by a lot. And that's
one of the problems.
&gt;&gt; It's not like there's a small gapping
and that okay, you know, it just if they
increase the percentage growth of
something by 10% a year, blah blah blah.
No, that's not going to that that can't
be. This I think to your point is well,
it's a time problem, right? Because, you
know,
can you really do that many launches in
2030? That seems insane.
um
it doesn't seem insane on a diff on you
know a slightly elongated timeline you
know add another two years to it you
could see it I'm not saying two years is
some magic number I'm just saying that
&gt;&gt; the point is that the demand isn't going
to slow down just because Elon's not
ready to launch
this much compute into space right um
what heals that Well, as you said,
efficiencies,
creative solutions. I mean, because
again to your point is, you know, you
need efficiencies.
You need this this this compute
efficiency to not only yard back the
demand on the raw chip side, chip count
that, you know, but you need massive
compute efficiency
to get back power or not have to spend
power.
And I can't see that
equalizing at all. I can't get there
because all I'm thinking is
but my charts don't feel my charts, you
know, my charts more aggressive than
your on the demand side. That doesn't
feel aggressive enough. Yeah, it doesn't
feel aggressive enough because I can
think of how AI is starting to I mean we
are we are just right here in terms of
where we are in the use of AI. We don't
see it in every industry and every type
of thing but we will
we will and it's coming fast. That's the
other thing about AI is unlike
some so-called revolutions that
you know take their sweet time to come
about and change over like example
electrification of of of transportation
that's been taking way longer than I
think any of us would have predicted um
outside the benefits and all the other
things. um you're not going to slow down
demand because it's all sitting out
there, you know, it's all of us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's interesting. So then when we
think about what Terraab, Starship, and
Star Mine represents. So if you think
about today the challenges of building
data centers on Earth, as we mentioned,
we've got chip shortages at some point.
We've got power issues and we've got the
issue of deploying that, you know, not
in my backyard. You've got political
forces lining up against not building
these data centers where the where
people want to build them. You might you
might have a source of energy, but then
politically no one wants the data center
there. So if you think about then what
SpaceX and Tesla are doing with this
terapab star mine and Starship.
Terap solves the chip supply issue long
term or partly at least for periods of
time. As you mentioned one terapab is
not enough.
Starmine solves the power issue.
It's always as your shirt says always
sunny in space.
&gt;&gt; I wore it today for a very good reason.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then what does Starship do?
Well that solves the deployment issue.
Not in my backyard. Fine, we'll put it
above your head.
&gt;&gt; Right in space.
&gt;&gt; So Elon has thought about the solution
from start to finish here.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; It's not enough just to build the chips.
It's not enough just to, you know, put
this put data centers in space if you
don't have enough chips. Like all of
this matters has to all work in unison
at the same time.
&gt;&gt; All three pieces because Yeah. It's like
what's the point? You can't produce
these chips and not have the conveyor
belt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you have to have the conveyor belt
move them to the next, you know, it's
like there's three horsemen here.
&gt;&gt; And I think the biggest thing that I
realized in in doing going through this
exercise is that what Elon is doing is
is he's putting these constraints,
these these bottlenecks into a format
that largely becomes an engineering and
a manufacturing problem for his
companies,
right? You're putting them now in the
sphere of SpaceX and Tesla's control.
um you you're removing you're not you're
not getting rid of the bottlenecks, but
you're putting them in a in a format
where this is what these guys do. If it
becomes an engineering and a
manufacturing problem, they know how to
solve those kinds of problems. It's not
a political problem that they can't have
any power over. It's not a oh, we're
waiting on a supplier to supply this,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; They're they're trying to put as much as
they can in their own hands. Well, it's
as you said, it's it's literally pure
vertical integration
all the way down to almost sand, you
know? It's like literally starting with
practically raw material
through the conveyor conveyance system
to bring it to its destination. I mean,
it's like it's like not only did you
build the product, but you own the
shipping company,
uh, and then you own the final, I don't
know, destination point and operating
aspects of of the product itself. And so
I think you're making an extremely good
point is that this is a this is now
a problem that is almost I mean there
are other there are things around this.
I mean obviously we know that
&gt;&gt; you know I mean Terraab
got its permits to go into Grimes and
start building in a clearing land now,
which is by the way insane. Um, but it's
not like, oh, they're not going to have
a few problems here and there, you know,
getting product uh from ASML or those
are all really big problems, but
&gt;&gt; largely at the macro, I think you're
exactly right. At the macro, this is in
the hands of effectively these two
companies. Um and probably probably the
most important aspect is beyond
some regulatory
um realities of getting launch clearance
and couple different things related to
that stuff. Yeah. They don't have a real
estate or I don't have a political
problem in somebody, you know, there's
no backyard problem here. The backyard
is infinitely large and really nobody
owns it effectively.
So that's cool.
um you know will they be able to
get permission to launch that many
&gt;&gt; challenge?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it will be a challenge.
It'll be a great challenge but
but maybe not you know I mean once you
achieve I mean nobody bats an eye really
at Falcon 9 going off every other day or
whatever. It's sort of,
&gt;&gt; you know, nobody's thinking about that.
And I got to tell you this and say it
out loud is the more remote you put
these launch facilities, the less it's
in anybody's backyard, so to speak. Um,
you know, it makes it diffic I would say
to you that the more difficult it is for
us to go see a launch, the better it is
for SpaceX to be there. And and by the
way, there's no accident that Starbase
is remotely positioned.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The challenge with that is, you
know, if it's again the number of 210
launches a week.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You've got
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is it all going to be done on Starbase?
How many launch pad pads and facilities
do we need?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, is that And
you know, the Kennedy Space Center
enough.
&gt;&gt; Does there need to be a third, a fourth,
a fifth?
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what we we
heard rumors that they're buying some
large or probably already have some
large property in um coastal portion of
Louisiana
&gt;&gt; to build another star base.
&gt;&gt; But but your point is this. It's largely
in the hands of the company and it's
derisked in a lot of different ways.
It's an engineering problem. It's an
insular problem. Can they get it done? I
think that's the
&gt;&gt; try to derisk as much as they can. If
you think about if they didn't build
terrab and you become a larger and
larger and larger buyer from Nvidia and
Micron and others
&gt;&gt; at some point those companies say I'm
sorry Elon you're one customer you're
too big we we we can't sell you this
much it's too much of a risk
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and Elon recognizes that and so he says
well not only do I want to buy 100% of
what you make actually I want to buy a
thousand% of what you make
&gt;&gt; yeah exactly exactly
you Oh,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Could you please expand your company 10x
for me?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and that's just not in anybody's
comfort level. You know, I think those
companies over time will see the
opportunity and they'll expand, but it
won't be fast enough. It won't be on
Elon's timeline.
Um, so it's it's interesting when you
when you look at it through this through
this lens.
um and you came to the conclusion um or
wrote this post that somehow a bunch of
people in the know have decided that
SpaceX isn't in it to win.
&gt;&gt; You want to share with you your thoughts
here?
Yeah, I mean I I think there was a I I I
think I heard it on allin pod or it
doesn't really matter that there was
this idea that somebody had said you
know the the phrase there which is
essentially um they compute because they
can't compete and and sort of the sense
of like well Elon built this I mean like
the very pedestrian view of the world
with with respect to SpaceX is goes like
this. I think this is the bear story or
the boring story or the pedestrian
story. And it says, well, they built
this big data center. They didn't know
what to do with it. So, they leased it
out to Anthropic. They made a bunch of
money. They filled that up. They pushed
that out for the purpose of of spicing
up the IPO. And it's this sort of
disjoint business with respect to space
launches. and all these pieces don't
fit, you know, and it's sort of this
weird lumpiness to the business. And I
think you can hear that from bears
talking up, talking down, whatever. U
SpaceX in this regard. And I look at it
as I don't think so at all. I think
Colossus represents the prototype. the
prototype for how do you do compute at
scale
and
it shows all the things that you can't
do at scale on terapirma so that you
have to move into space but it's also
architecturally a prototype in terms of
building that compute Elon had spoken
about in I think the SpaceX earnings
call or maybe some other forum that that
pod architecture is this sort of
resilient architecture that not only
ends up at these superchargers but ends
up being kind of how they pull together
compute inside the data center and
&gt;&gt; how they deploy that compute with a
different heat dissipation element in
space. So he's showing that path.
But the further point I would make is
that
people thought, okay, Elon didn't figure
out
how to build on the frontier with
frontier models and he's given that up
and he had a bunch of compute lying
around. So he's sold selling it off. And
I'd say wrong, wrong, wrong. If you look
at the emergence of Grock, if you just
look at the velocity of Grock 45 to 46,
you look at the the the capability of 46
versus 45, you look at the time delta on
that, you look at these other products,
the Grock build product, the Grock bot
product, uh, and of course all the
generative stuff that he's doing with
Imagine.
&gt;&gt; Grock imagine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Grock imagine. Uh, it didn't sound
right to my brain. uh you know he's not
he's in this game too like I like like
he I think he feels strongly that he has
to win sort of what I'll call the AGI
game uh because it's in his mind to be
existential it's not just a business
thing it's it's an existential thing uh
humanity existential and so he wants to
put I mean I think he felt that through
the tension of this AI thing a couple
years ago he thought wow we're all
doomed type of attitude
and said, "Well, given the realities
that I can't control, meaning everyone's
going to build AI unfettered, possibly
some cases pulled back a little bit by
maybe governments, but they'll all
control it in weird and stupid ways that
won't work, right? And the bad things
will still come out." Uh um you know, he
he he felt that he needed to get in it.
And so when you look at what he's doing
and you look at I I and I argue he
argues, but I would also make the same
argument that look at the velocity at
which he's moving
um on this so-called frontier.
Uh he hasn't given that up at all. It's
interesting when I look at this, you
know, I think conventional wisdom says
that intelligence is worth something and
the higher the intelligence, the more
it's worth. And that's been that the
truth throughout human history for the
most part.
What we're seeing, I think, with AI is
that intelligence actually may not be
worth much at all. Yes, it costs
billions of dollars to push the
frontier,
&gt;&gt; but then it's copied by some Chinese
model or some open source model 2 weeks
later for $10 million, not not 3
billion. So, we're getting to the point
where raw intelligence is actually going
to be extremely cheap. Because of that,
because that intelligence is extremely
cheap, we're going to have back to our
earlier discussion, an explosion of
demand for AI,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And in that world, where's the value
while it's in the compute?
&gt;&gt; It's having the the data center, the
energy, the power to provide this
intelligence. It's not in the model,
&gt;&gt; right? Right. And so it's interesting
Elon's kind of playing both sides of
that game. And he may be playing on the
frontier as a hedge and he also he may
be playing on the frontier as a way to
ensure that the cost of that gets driven
down to next to nothing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And you explode demand because he is
betting his company on a massive growth
in AI demand.
He's seeing it for his own products
whether it's robo taxi, whether it's
Optimus,
&gt;&gt; right? or just whatever, Grockbot,
everything else.
But from a from a economic standpoint,
it's really not in anyone's interest for
the models from Open AI and Anthropic to
be super expensive.
And so, why not be the competitor that
forces those guys to drive down their
their prices?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's definitely a it's a
really quite a brilliant strategy. And
by the way, it doesn't exclude the
notion that there can be
a developing
technological
quantitative or qualitative increase in
intelligence as well. Like it doesn't
ext
intelligence to some commodity base
level thing and you're done with the
game,
&gt;&gt; you know.
&gt;&gt; True. uh it's today I think there's a
perception that amongst many
that they can't see a difference right
that the AIS are the AIS and you know
the the insiders say oh look at this
model of opus or this thing or that and
oh my god it's this and it's that on the
scale and there's kids just using chat
GDP and they don't have any idea what
the model is and don't care they're
still writing their papers with it right
um it gets better all the time do they
recognize it's better. No, because
they're they're letting it do so much of
the work for them that they don't even
recognize how good the work product is.
Um that that's a sad comment, but
uh or sad reality. Um
&gt;&gt; but that isn't to say that in the use of
these products, some will
deliver mind-blowing innovations and
things that then can go further. Um, you
know, I always wondered like Elon has
said with I think it's Grock 47 that
he's going to toss in oh this little
pile of data called the SpaceX
engineering data.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And I think think to myself,
why are you doing that? Like like I mean
is that really a good idea? you know, um
because it's sort of like there's a lot
of I mean the thing that we have with
so-called
uh intelligence today is
frankly the systems are data starved.
They're they're greatly data starved.
their their capacity.
What we have built here with these AIs
is the ability to absorb
ungodly amount of information in and the
inter relationships of that information
and
the models because of where we're going
with compute these models will get
bigger and bigger by whatever measure
let's call it parameter size. you know,
we're at roughly the two trillion
parameter mark and
it's said that the brain has about a
100red trillion connections.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, we've got a ways to go to sort of
map to brain level interconnect, so to
speak. Having said that, we got to fill
it with information, you know. Um, and
right now we don't
part of what I think Elon will add to
the mix that we're not factoring in is
real world data from these experiential
products that and when I say
experiential products, these are
products that living in the real world
and they're observ they're observing the
real world and those in the class of
robots with four wheels known as you
know robo taxis/Tesla FSD vehicles and
those with two legs known as Optimus.
these things will be gathering so much
real world data that we we think we
think oh we've got all the data it's all
distilled in these textbooks yeah
we don't have you know one
tenth of 1% of 1% of all the data that
we could have to build a much more
intelligent system
&gt;&gt; that's right
&gt;&gt; so so that comes back to the compute
side you know perhaps the big difference
in
intelligent systems is larger compute
services at you know scale out factors
meaning order of magnitude different
numbers here like oh it's really wow wow
wow we've got this you know 2 gawatt
colossus thing growing to maybe 10 yawn
because look at I mean yawn say that in
kind of wow um but consider the space
equivalent of that that you just
discussed
and how much bigger that is.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And if Elon puts it there, then he gets
to decide what it does.
And as our previous discussion,
I would say that this is not just raw
inference, rentable inference, generic
inference. Uh Starmind is the brain of
Optimus.
So
&gt;&gt; that's right. Yeah, we need a lot of
compute.
We need a lot of compute and he can put
that compute to you know he can he can
put that up and if he can put that up
he's
climbing uh scales not by you know small
increments but by you know his scale out
numbers are always uh orders of
magnitude in dimension.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And those every time you go up an
order of magnitude in something, you
know, you demonstrabably change the
something. It's not it's not it's not a
linear relationship between what you had
and what you what you get. Um you get
something quite different. I just want
to go back and pull on an earlier thread
that you just mentioned.
If you think about
sort of uh intellectual capital and
these models training on that, you said
I'm not so sure that trading on the
corpus of SpaceX's engineering history
and talent is a wise idea.
If you think about, you know, before
books were able to be printed on a
printing press,
you had scribes, you had monks creating
books and that was a laborious process.
The intelligence of the world was in the
hands of very few,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then we got to the point where you
had a printing press and you could
disperse that knowledge a little bit
wider. or at least you could build
libraries people could come to and and
and more widely, you know, read and
disperse information.
It seems to me that from a humanity
perspective that we're all better off
the more we can disperse information and
the quicker we can do it. And if I can
learn from somebody's
learning or mistake from the other side
of the world, you know, that they made
yesterday. And if I can learn today,
then then that makes me and everybody
else better off.
And in the West, we have this idea of
intellectual capital. We have patents.
We have things to try to protect
people's knowledge.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; In China, they're far less concerned
with that. In fact, they as much as they
steal IP from us, they steal it from
them themselves even faster.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Right. By by government decree
basically.
Right. And the thinking there is that
that the whole society is better off to
the extent that information can be
dispersed more rapidly.
And this is essentially again how AI
trains. It's thirsty for that new bit of
information. And to the extent that
that's in your head, Phil, or your
experience, then to the extent that AI
can train on that, then that helps that
helps everybody worldwide. And so that
doesn't seem like such a bad thing, but
it certainly clashes with our notions of
fairness and intellectual capital and
the value of that. Now, Elon doesn't
rely on patents to protect his
companies.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; He relies more on what the Chinese model
is in terms of speed.
&gt;&gt; He's like, he's like, "Here, here's the
48vt architecture. here's the playbook.
He sends it to the other automaker CEOs
and then he says, "Try to catch up to me
if you want to, but here's here's the
playbook."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I you know, look, he's unafraid and I
think he's learned I mean, first off,
he's a different he's a different human.
He doesn't walk through the same valley
that we do
fear the same fears.
He he believes I think competitively
that
velocity
and effectively I'm going to say this
word it sounds very pedestrian
manufacturing
are his you know maybe you could dice
that up into vertical integration in the
manufacturing loop but I'd say that you
know what he recognizes here is I'll
give you the the the blueprint but you
got to build it and the building of It
is really, really hard. And by the time
I give you the blueprint, I'm not
building that anymore anyway. That's
right. I'm building something else. So,
I'll let you spend your time, you know,
filling it out, filling out the system,
so to speak. Um
and uh
that's sort of yeah it's a weird way for
a normal human to think especially as
you said in the west but I mean if
you're on the Elon ride you go along
with that ride because his moves tend to
be quite brilliant. um you know it's
like when you put uh one of the reasons
to one of his sort of strategies of why
throw out the 48vt architecture as a
okay when he built the car he went only
so deep and there's a lot of things
still hanging off of of the so-called
wiring harness which of course is
extremely minimalized in a in a Tesla
vehicle but but that said there's still
a bunch of little 12vt silly old can run
ECUs, door controllers, and so forth.
And so what he was trying to say is
&gt;&gt; if I can get some of the larger
automotive manufacturers to commit to
this 48vt architecture, then the
suppliers, so I don't have to pay them
huge NRE dollars for redeveloping a 48vt
version of a silly, stupid door
controller. I can get a supplier to go
off and do that for free. and I can
benefit by having my ability to
integrate that into the manufacturing
process faster, quicker, uh at better
marginal cost on the on the product
outcome, then I win too. I'll give it to
you, but I also win by doing it. And I
think uh
&gt;&gt; that's in his brain. I'll build a better
&gt;&gt; I'll build a better AI.
it'll have uh more attractive I mean
again I think it's a sometimes a
double-edged sword but I think if you're
the way Elon thinks about it he's
thinking you know what our problem is
our AIS are data starved they don't
really have all these different boxes of
information that they need to become
truly intelligent
and uh and we're going to feed the hell
out of them with real world data and you
know nobody's going to catch us because
to feed it with not only our proprietary
box of data which everyone can sort of
use but real world data which means
every observational piece of data that
comes from a robot taxi comes from an
optimist. Oh my god now we have this
like and and oh if we're going to go do
that well we got to build some pretty
huge compute service to absorb that make
it available at you know high cycle for
inference etc etc. So he puts demand
he's putting huge demands on himself but
he knows he's the only one that can
achieve it like everybody on that list
that initial green graph you have with
all those I mean who else is building at
this scale? Nobody.
&gt;&gt; Well speaking of competition
we have a competition of elegance.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh this is a photo that you took Phil.
&gt;&gt; It is very nice.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Share with us your your thoughts of this
experience here at Pebble Beach.
Well, I went there uh Sunday. It was uh
extraordinary event and um you're
looking at a beautiful Maserati. I think
it's a 1959.
Could be could be wrong. I hope I'm
right. Um cars there are stunning.
They're amazing. And uh I was thinking
about it. You know, this was a very
Ferrari heavy Italian heavy version of
the Pebble Beach. you know, it's like
absent of Mercedes and BMWs and Porsches
this year, but but there's so so a lot
of the feel that you took away, I think,
is elegance of design, the beauty of
design, artistic expression. I would say
that these are pieces that, you know,
there is much of pieces of technology of
their day. Of course, the technology
innovations were mostly um in the um in
the engines, if you will, but there's
all this this beauty in the the art of
expression of the vehicle, its lines,
how it's, you know, and uh the post I
put together is I said, you know, where
we, you know, where are we headed? I
mean, if you look at driving back and
forth to this event from uh boring old
San Jose going down 101, you see extreme
number of um you know, I I don't know
it's the right word, but uh uh cars made
by manufacturers who don't care. meaning
what I mean by don't care is there's no
art there's no expression there's oh
sure they hire car designers there are
things like that but um at the end of
the day they're generic
vehicles and they feel that way and
we've lost a little about this and then
I was thinking where does cyber cab fit
in you know because
one side of that says when we lose when
we when we move the technology axis so
far to the right or whatever that we've
lost the ability to drive our cars.
Have we lost this ability to express
this art this way? And I was thinking,
&gt;&gt; yeah, if you look at a Whimo or a Zuk's
vehicle, you're probably going to feel
that way, but not if you look at a cyber
cab. Cyber cabab to me like okay the
thing has no driving controls in it and
never will
but there's an expression of beauty and
there's a lot of I think elements design
elements uh
from these cars
from these cars um so I think when
people get in these cars they're going
to feel that uh there's something
special they've done here. I think you
know, okay, they don't have drivers
control, driver controls, and you
weren't driving a car. And maybe that
that some of you that hear this feel
we've lost it. You know, we're not it's
not that kind of thing anymore, but so
be it. This this technology is coming
whether Tesla makes it ultimately or
not. And um and Tesla's building an
expression that of pure beauty here in a
way. Now, you may not like exactly the
design, but you have to argue, you would
you can't argue with the fact that they
they put purpose and intent into this
design. Um, it's not just some generic
robotic looking vehicle that they've
just put appendages on like our favorite
Whimos.
And guess who's running around that
show? France.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Getting inspired perhaps,
although I'm sure he's familiar with all
those vehicle designs. I think he's I
think he's uh Yeah, I think he's at
level 10 familiar.
Yes, I mean I think there's a lot of
things that he has taken from cars
of the past that there's great
innovation and technology in those cars,
but there's also this expression of
there's all these different you know
each of the each of the manufacturers
and designers on on on the with hired by
those manufacturers have put this little
stamp. It's by the way that's an
extremely interesting show and um what's
the the future is not represented there
on purpose in a way but it's you know
it's funny that it's so close to Silicon
Valley if you think about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's so clo and it's and it's
also so funny that not that while 14 I
believe cars were represented from 14
countries and many of the cars are are
owned by people that are in varied
businesses um fairly wealthy individuals
in various businesses. Um it's no
mistake that a lot of those vehicles
come from individuals who made their
money in technology as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good point. It's
interesting too. I'm I've seen a number
of posts now on X of people that have
seen cyber cabs in their city for the
first time and one particularly one guy
commented last night he said I didn't
really understand what all the fuss was
about about spotting cyber cabs
&gt;&gt; and he says now that I've seen them
&gt;&gt; I understand
&gt;&gt; there is some emotional feel that people
are experiencing when they see this
vehicle
&gt;&gt; I mean understand
&gt;&gt; sorry please I was just going to just
going to conclude by saying that I I
think that's what you're getting at is
that these other vehicles from the past
that are so elegant and so beautifully
designed that it gives you kind of an
emotional feeling in some way.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; And for everybody that may be different,
but the cyber cab is already giving that
to many people. It's it's kind of
interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think remember how hard this
design is if you think about the
constraints. There's no car on that
field that in its day at retail wasn't
expensive. Now, of course, they're
obscenely expensive because of
restoration and the, you know, limited
supply of their of the of them. I mean,
it by the way, you know, that's why you
might see some cars, pre-war cars. You
may see cars pre preWorld War I cars
there, but you don't see Model T's there
because no one's looking to represent
mass mass marketing cars on the field,
right? We're looking at they're looking
at special issues, special things.
What's interesting about this design of
this car is it is attempting to pull on
the strings from extreme high-end design
down to a car that is meant to be one of
the cheapest cars to put on the road in
existence. You know, so if you don't
think that that matters, if you don't
see that constraint in what they did
here, then I think you're not paying
attention because that's what's hard to
do here. You know, you there's a lot of
you're trying to make this sub
ultimately $20,000 object look like it's
a $200,000 object and look special on
the road. Even though we're going to
see, you know, at some point the reason
they won't be special is because they'll
be maybe the most
prolific car in our cities. That's why
they won't be special. Still, when you
see them at at numbers on the Giga Texas
outbound parking lot,
&gt;&gt; they look pretty special. They do
&gt;&gt; those kinds of numbers. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they do. They do. To not some of them
will wear off over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To not appreciate that is not to
appreciate car design and
&gt;&gt; their efforts here. Um
I mean, they could have built the
generic robot car.
They could have built the generic robot
car. They didn't do that. They didn't do
it on purpose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look at those things. I
mean, there's reasons that we won't
eventually ride in them, you know,
lots of reasons. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Well, speaking of riding in vehicles, we
do have to talk about the liability
side, the risk.
And so I wrote this post um to give some
thought to
what happens when you scale up robot
taxi.
&gt;&gt; So the first thing that comes to mind is
you know when you're developing FSD it's
all about the technology. It's about
improving the software.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And that by the way that will I don't
think ever be finished. I think you just
continue to work on that make it better
and better and better forever.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the goal, the stated goal is to
make sure that it's better than than
humans. Now better than humans, you know
what does that mean? And also it means
for sure that no matter how much better
than a human it is, it doesn't mean that
there will be no accidents.
Now, the cool thing about FSD
is it will only improve versus humans.
And every human that you take off the
road makes the road safer. So, if you
replace a human with FSD,
it's safer for the person in that
vehicle with FSD, but it's also safer
for everybody else by the fact you've
taken humans off the road.
&gt;&gt; Right? Isn't that funny?
&gt;&gt; Right. So there's there's two things
working for us there.
&gt;&gt; But in 2024, uh almost 40,000 people
died in the US on the road. And of
course, that's not to mention accidents.
It was about 1.2 fatalities per 100
million miles traveled.
&gt;&gt; And I think there's over 130,000 serious
injuries, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A huge number. So even if the FSD
or robo taxi fatality rates onetenth of
that, then at a billion autonomous
miles, you're going to have one
fatality.
At 10 billion miles, you're going to
have 12. At 100 billion, you're going to
have 120. And at a trillion miles,
you're going to have about 1,200 people
that die. And I think there's about
three trillionish miles traveled every
year in the United States.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So if they were all,
you know, done via robo taxi at some
point, if all of them were purely 100%
autonomous world, in theory, you still
might have 3,000 4,000 deaths. By the
way, I don't know if you said it cuz I
may have not been listening carefully.
You you you you gave them a safety
factor better than that same number
that's running with, you know, humans at
uh 40,000 deaths. You're talking about
10x safer, right? So you're
safer
&gt;&gt; given 10x safety improvement, you still
have this number when you start to reach
these large numbers. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right. And so the challenge with
that then is if you think about then the
company rolling out a robo taxi network,
you've got this problem.
This chart may be a little hard to see,
but I'll kind of walk people through it.
on the left side. As you scale up the
robo taxi service,
your potential liability
actually could increase.
Now, the red line is the the human
baseline,
right? So, the more miles traveled on a
human baseline, the uh greater the
number of expected fatalities,
right? If you have a trillion miles,
you're going to have a certain number of
humans dying. If you have double that,
it's going to be double the number of
fatalities. That's the red line.
What FSD is doing is taking us down then
to the yellow line, which is five times
safer. And then the the green line's 10
times safer, and then eventually the
blue line is 20 times safer. So, we're
moving from one line to the next over
time. We don't know exactly where we are
on the line. We might say for highway
travel we're already 10x safer. Maybe in
the cities it's 5x or who knows,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But over time for sure FSD is going to
help us drop down these lines.
But still as you scale no matter what
line you're on there's a linear
relationship in terms of the number of
fatalities. It's possible that when
transportation be gets becomes so cheap
because of autonomy that the number of
fatalities doesn't go down that much
because people are traveling so much
more,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; There's just still stuff that happens,
right?
&gt;&gt; And by the way, it's not just, you know,
two cars crashing into each other. It's
bad weather. It's somebody on a bicycle
that's acting in an erratic way or a
child that runs out onto the road or
whatever. The autonomous vehicle has to
deal with all these scenarios. And of
course, we've also seen that FSD is
superhuman when it comes to identifying
these kinds of risks. The number of deer
that have been saved in the United
States already is probably some colossal
number. It seems like every third FSD
video is about saving the life of a deer
or a cat or a dog,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um, so that's the issue. At scale, your
liability increases with scale.
Now, here's the good news
on the right side. As you scale,
you're generating revenue, more and more
revenue.
Even if there is a fatality, you've got
a lot of revenue then to apply to that
fatality or and the increasing number of
fatalities at scale. Your your cost sort
of per
uh liability event
at scale declines on a nice curve.
So the problem that you create with
scale is also solved by the very fact
that you're scaling.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because you are reducing the overall
number of fatalities. And even if
there's an horrific one that costs you
that ends up costing you a bunch of
money, you've got a larger and larger
and larger pool of money with which to
pay that claim.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; So it's an interesting problem. A lot of
people looked at my article and said,
"Well, Robotaxi can never scale because
as it scales, you're creating bigger and
bigger liabilities."
Yes. But you're also creating a bigger
and bigger revenue stream with which to
take care of any potential issue that
over time becomes less and less and less
and less.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's actually a pretty
beautiful setup.
Now, how painful it's going to be in the
early days, I think, remains to be seen.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. because you can bet that any robo
taxi accident is going to be overplayed
and particularly if there's a fatality
that's the robo taxis fault
&gt;&gt; right you imagine the press
and again I think this is another reason
why Tesla has been really cautious in
this regard
&gt;&gt; about rolling out robo taxi in general
&gt;&gt; is the cost the cost of of an accident
the cost of fatality right now would be
enormous
And of course the reputational risk also
would be quite huge at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think Elon's
instructed his team to you know it is it
is what it is. We that there's a certain
amount of criticism that comes their
way. Uh you know reputational risk or
whatever you call it.
They just have to play the hand they're
dealt and they have to play it well. And
I think that they're attempting to play
it well. And I think that leads to where
we're at right now, which is that it's
hard to get in the game. Remember a
couple uh weeks ago or it was something
we talked about the scale problem. And
but you know, I was saying things that
to play at scale is such a harder game
to play at than to play at the you know,
oh, I want to be bigger than Whimo by
10% next year. That's not the game that
they're trying to play here,
&gt;&gt; right? But doing it at scale, um, you
know, you you're going to hit numbers
that that on an absolute basis make the
other guys look small. And you can
easily put up a headline that said last
year, uh, Tesla's robo taxi was involved
in the responsible for the death of 10
individuals, whereas Whimo was
responsible for two. Yeah, except that
whatever year we're talking about here,
hypothetically,
Tesla did, you know, 100x more miles.
Well, that's going to get lost in the
headline. It's going to be the absolute
number because that's the easy play.
&gt;&gt; I think you're making a really, really
interesting point
moment ago where you said that
the less humans on the road,
the safer this becomes. And this
displaces humans on the road.
&gt;&gt; Y um meaning humans that are the the
so-called autonomous non-aututonomous uh
operators. The problem we have with
roads is roads were you know roads are
just thrown anywhere. I mean we don't
like this is different than say uh you
know the the Tesla what is it the Boring
Company loop and uh it's different where
you've got like a space you know where
you can say
&gt;&gt; nothing can get in this space except
this I mean like airplanes don't kill
deer because deer aren't in their
airspace so to speak um but deer can run
across almost any road at any time uh
you know Anything can appear in a road,
including another another human. The
less of them, the better.
Yeah. It's a case of FSD. If you're in
the car with FSD, it's safer.
But it's also made the road maybe safer
for those people that are dangerous
drivers because FSD actively avoids
them.
And again, we're seeing more and more
videos of FSD avoiding accidents or
avoiding aggressive drivers or giving
trucks a wider birth or if somebody's,
you know, cutting you off. It just makes
space for them.
&gt;&gt; You know, whereas whereas the human
reaction typically is to close the space
and say, "No way. Not not taking my spot
in the lane." FST just says, "No
problem. I'll back off. You take the
lane. No worries at all." Doesn't even
honk a horn,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Just silently gives space.
&gt;&gt; Gives way. That is a game changer
&gt;&gt; on the roads. it is and there may be you
know I don't know what the exact numbers
are number of fatalities caused by uh
drivers under the influence but you know
what's going to happen when we get to
either robo taxi at scale as a
transportation you know as service model
or we get more and more of these
vehicles uh equipped with unsupervis
unsupervised specifically although even
supervised and you know I can make a
pitch for that too is that you know a
lot of I mean some drunk drivers are
just grossly irresponsible people.
They're going to do what they're going
to do anyway. But a lot of them just
they don't necessarily mean to be that
person. They don't mean to create that
fatality, but they do. But now they can
get in a car and have it drive them
home. And even in a supervised case, you
know, I mean, you know, like people know
today, people ask me this all the time.
Oh, wow. That's really cool that your
car, can you have a couple drinks now
and drive your car home? And I go, well,
you know, no, you can't. You're still
responsible in the supervised mode.
you're still responsible for the
vehicle, like if you get pulled over and
so, but guess what? What's the chance of
you getting pulled over if you happen to
have had a couple drinks if the car is
driving? The car's driving, you're not
driving. So, now you've got a safer
situation all all around. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think I think what you're un
unleashing here is a bunch of kind of
secondary tertiary types of things that
will fill in here that will change these
curves. Uh and and we're not exactly
sure ex how they'll play, but you know,
you you you had the other side of that
coin, too, which is the cheaper the
miles, maybe the more the use.
Therefore, the more the use, the more
people, the more people, the more
fatalities just by numbers alone, too.
&gt;&gt; That's right. There's a bit of a Jeans
paradox thing that will happen here. If
transportation becomes so cheap,
&gt;&gt; everyone will demand more of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So, yeah. So, interesting.
So let's turn to your app.
&gt;&gt; By the way, course
&gt;&gt; I do one one point I want to say too is
that you know it's the beauty of FSD is
and and you made a point in that article
and maybe we should highlight it is you
know it's it's a very datarich
system and it's self-healing and so
&gt;&gt; and Tesla has the economic business
incentive to heal that system as quickly
as possible. So unlike an individual who
may create an accident, could cause a
fatality, and may not be pulled off the
road, the version of software that did
the same is pulled off the road.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And it's pulled off the road across the
fleet.
&gt;&gt; It's fixed for every single car.
&gt;&gt; It's fixed for every car. So you you you
fixed one problem very quickly.
There's an example of that here in
Austin. And there was a video that
surfaced of a robot taxi running over
some some ballards in the road.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Trying to fit between them and couldn't
figure out how it just decided to go
right over one.
&gt;&gt; Well, somebody got that on video the
very next day, I think it was, or
certainly within two days that was
resolved.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That that doesn't happen with the
dangerous human.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, it's amazing. It's amazing
how quickly issues like that can be
fixed.
&gt;&gt; They not only can improve the software,
but they have the data. I think you
pointed out they have more data than any
agency that's looking at the data.
Whatever the agency, whatever the
National Transportation Safety Board
requires that they give them this piece
of data. You know, Tesla's got gobs more
to look at and they have the incentive
to look at it
&gt;&gt; to cure the problem.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And and of course they will. So,
speaking of data, Phil net fee.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so just, you know, what's
going on here is, uh, I wanted to do a
little demo and encourage,
uh, our viewers to download, install,
and use this app that I've built. And I
did this bit as a a passion project. We
we talked about it a couple episodes ago
quite when when it was when it was quite
nent. It's quite it's it's grown up.
basically this this this tool, it's it's
it's a geeky little network testing app,
you know, it's basically your ultimate
speed test, but it's sort of like your
ultimate speed test on steroids. And um
what I wanted to do with it, I mean,
first off, why did I do it? I wanted to
learn all these AI tools, put them to
use. This was built by uh my brain
instructing
cursor
and grock build in particular. Those two
tools played a part. Uh they're sort of
interchangeable in many ways, but there
are some specific reasons you use one or
the other. But uh and I wrote uh at
parody and this is something that people
who are hearing this might understand is
that there is a Android and an iOS app
that are at 100% parody and they're both
native apps and that's cool because the
programming language of both those apps
was English.
&gt;&gt; I mean you get it. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, so what I'm what I want to do here
and the reason I'm, you know, asking
people to to jump in is you can use this
app to test any network to play around
to. So, so please download it even if
you don't have Starlink. But if you got
Starlink, I'm trying to do something
really kind of cool here and it requires
everyone's participation and I'm trying
to create uh essentially the largest
catalog of uh Starling terminals
uh on the planet. Okay. I'm trying to
create almost like a social app for
Starlink terminals. That's kind of one
offshoot of it. So I want to give a demo
uh of this and and specifically it's
I'll try to really focus it in on uh the
Starlink features
and I want and I want to start by saying
this entire conversation is on Starlink
today because in order to give this demo
I'm actually on Starlink network and the
Starlink terminal is I can see it out my
window. So uh and it is pretty cool. So
um let me let me share my screen. And
now you should see just application in a
blank window, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. We see the moon and the earth in
the distance and the application.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh I'm about to light this one
up with my actual phone. So this is this
thing in the left corner is iPhone
mirroring. So what I can do is I can
connect to my phone
and uh the phone's in my hand.
right here. This is the phone. And uh
now what I can do is um arguably the
weird thing is Oh, there there that's
how you get home. I I'm not used to
using it on the screen. So I don't know
how to
&gt;&gt; um but this is this this phone uh was if
it's a locked mode, it can do this cool
thing called iPhone mirroring. So it is
this phone right here. Uh, so I'm going
to launch the app and uh you can tell
one thing about it right away is uh it
says connected to the internet via Wi-Fi
on Phil Starlink Mini.
And this app right here side by side to
it is really the same app. It's just
this is a made for Mac version of it. In
fact, to create par, I can just show you
that both both have the same map
interface effectively. Um,
so let me just give you a very quick
demo of the app itself and then I can
show you what's cool about the uh the
Starlink features specifically. So what
you can do on this app is it it's
constantly measuring your network and
measuring your latency. And it doesn't
matter what network you're on, whether
you're on your own home Wi-Fi or you're
on a cellular network or um or you're on
Starlink, which we're on. And you can
just sort of run a speed test. So, here
we'll run a speed test. And uh you can
set this up to run automatically. And by
the way, you can see that that number is
kind of not good actually. Uh it's also
not my fault. It happens to be I think
what happens sometimes is um
uh yeah, I don't know what happened
there. It's just just not a very happy
speed test for uh let's try it on this
one.
I don't see why it would really be
different, but you can see it's um
it's pretty pretty low. I mean,
sometimes I get these numbers at way
over 100 megabits, right? So, it's not
really doing such a awesome job. And I I
have a feeling I know why cuz I think
it's it's an outer reach of one of the
satellites and it's about to switch over
to a new satellite. It's been running on
that old satellite for for four almost
four minutes or something. So, I think
it's reaching the end of its uh I think
it drops a little bit in bandwidth as it
swaps over.
&gt;&gt; But but so let me show you the the the
startling features. And I think what
we'll do is we'll just show them on the
iPhone. Uh again, this is the the one
this app over here. It is on the Mac.
It's running on the Mac as a native app.
&gt;&gt; Um so if you have Starlink features
enabled and you can easily do that. It
comes up and asks you, you get this
little Starlink button, but you can also
see that there's a panel up here. uh it
kind of gives you kind of a short burst
of of information on Starlink. So,
because I'm connected to Starlink, this
panel appears and it tells us, for
example, that guess what, there's a
software update available on the
Starlink terminal. Uh it's online. It's
misaligned. That's one of the reasons
that we I I by the way, I purposely
misaligned it to show this. Um I didn't
I didn't go out and get it aligned, so
to speak. Uh but you can see it's it it
shows here in the app that it's
misaligned. Um, it shows you like the
down link and the up link and and ping
to ground is kind of cool because that's
actually showing you how much time the
the the the essential terminal to ground
is with nothing else in the mix and and
it's why that this number over here
which is another latency number is
usually higher than that number. Does
that make sense? Make sense? Because
this is this is doing more.
&gt;&gt; This is just the star link portion of
the equation the sort of the round
trips. Um, so if you happen to have this
Starlink button enabled, which you can
easily turn on in the app, then you got
this really cool set of things that show
up. Let me show you the first one. The
first one is if the terminals connected,
in other words, if you're uh let's call
it direct connected, you're you're using
this app through
uh a Starlink enabled direct connection.
Okay. uh you'll get like an extended
display of the stuff I showed you above.
So this is largely like the section that
you had before but now you actually see
these are throughput numbers. So this is
the data as we by the way as we talk as
we do stuff. You can see that uh the
uplink is greater than the down link.
Why is because I'm talking and bits are
going up to the cloud and that's
measuring all of this because this
conversation is also on Starlink, right?
Um, so yeah, you can see there's there's
particular notices here where it says um
there's a software update available. It
will tell you if uh if the dish is
significantly out of line or there's
great obstructions. This is the inside
geeky stuff that uh that you can't
easily find uh around. But this tells
you the overall status, tells you uh the
terminal status. It tells you any kind
of uh alerts. In this case, it says
there's an install pending because there
is there's a software update on the
thing. It tells you the inside data on
the obstructions
um uh which is kind of low obstruction
number uh independent of whether it's
aligned or misaligned. This shows you
the inside data on the convergence like
what it's where it's directed and where
it wants to be directed.
&gt;&gt; And uh and you can see like yeah there's
a software update pending. This is sort
of the information. This is actually the
the device. This is like the serial
number of of my terminal. Would be
different in everyone's, right? Yes.
This is very geeky information. You
never have to go to this panel if you
don't want. But let me show you some
cool cool other things. Uh this is the
effective catalog I'm talking about. So
for everyone that takes this app, if you
have a Starlink terminal, you download
this app, your terminal will appear in
this list for everyone to see. Now not
there's no real necessarily private
information unless you wish to disclose
it but this is sort of our our catalog
and right now I think across the
universe of people using this we have
about 30 Starlink terminals in the
system which is kind of cool. You can
click on any one of them and get more
information. This one I kind of this is
me and I filled it out with um it it
tells us like it's it's I've connected
it 490 something times. Um, its home is
here in San Jose. And you can see that
it's actually this terminal's been
around. It's been used in Madwan, New
Jersey. Uh, another place in San Jose.
It's been in San Bruno. It's been
Evergreen. It's been in uh the other
part of San Jose. It's been in another
place in New Jersey. Um,
it's been all over the place. Uh, and
one of the reasons is sometimes I have
it in my car and so it's keeping all the
data from all those connections. um all
those different places. And and don't
worry, it doesn't disclose your actual
location. It it it's within a 10 mile
radius of your actual location. So, you
know, there's no way to know where it is
the actual terminal is situated. And and
other folks are up here, too. Uh they
may not have all the data filled out and
they may not have used it as much with
the application, but you can see all
these panels are in here. Um and ones
that are marked as new, well, they are
new. They're in the system under 72
hours. So, we've had uh about six new
people join in the last 72 hours. And
and if you happen to do this, yours will
be put in here and the numbers will get
bigger. And then we have this cool
little feature which shows where are
these Starlink terminals coming from? Uh
and and what does that look like? And
you can see that it shows all the
countries to date that they've people
have connected through this app. So um
represented here the United States,
United Kingdom, Germany, Australia,
Netherlands, Austria, Canada, Mexico,
and Italy. And we have lots to go
people. So if you happen to be
&gt;&gt; No one in New Zealand yet.
&gt;&gt; No one in New Zealand yet. No, sorry.
The app has been used the app has been
used in New Zealand, but not a not
through a Starling terminal. Someone is
um
&gt;&gt; someone did like cellular in New
Zealand. Um
&gt;&gt; great. And if you're if you're in the
United States, it will detail it down to
the the state level. So you can see
California, New Jersey, Washington,
Texas, um some of that is probably
ECEern, Indiana, Virginia,
North Carolina, Arizona, Maryland, etc.,
etc. So much more states, what what 19
of the 51 states have used Starlink so
far. People have used Starlink through
the app. Um so not to be outdone, uh so
this is all about Starlink direct
connects. That means that you you own
one or you join a network where there's,
you know, that's that's the Wi-Fi
network you're on. So, if I
&gt;&gt; if I launched this app at CERN's house
and CERN was on Starlink, then it would
appear here. Okay. Um, but I'm also
cataloging all what I call upstream
Starlink connections. So, I encourage
you to download and install it and use
it on your next United uh flight with
Starlink because I want to build that
catalog as well. And you can see this is
a little bit more nason in its data a
little bit earlier, but um I have
connections only seven but seven
connections of people have used this app
on United with Starlink, Hawaiian,
Southwest and Carnival Cruise Lines.
&gt;&gt; No, no Delta, Phil.
&gt;&gt; No Delta. Yeah. What do you know?
&gt;&gt; I wonder why.
&gt;&gt; They don't have link on their airplanes
yet. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and by the way, just for good
measure, even if you use the app with
other satellite providers, you can see
it. So, here's here's United via uh on
VSAT. Here's United on uh Nuvu. I don't
I really don't even know who they are.
Here's United on Panasonic. And by the
way, if you look carefully, you can see
that their latency numbers are awful
&gt;&gt; because guess what? Those are uh
geiosync satellites that are I mean
anybody that's used uh any of these
services on United or Hawaiian or what
else we got Southwest uh knows why the
latency numbers are what they are right
cuz they're it's awful internet if you
if you flip back to Starlink look at
these numbers 36 milliseconds average
download I can't read that so well 180
or maximum download 187 um megabits
that's pretty cool Right. So that is
great. Yeah. So that that's your demo.
Um and so basically it works like this.
If you if you if you download the app
and you use it just generically, it's
like a speed test app. And it has some
cool features because you can go around
for example, it's got this whole
placebased system so that you can start
contributing data to places and you can
see for example
uh there are all sorts of places in the
system. This is San Jose around me and
here for example is uh here let's take a
look San Jose Manetta airport. You can
see that data connections there's been
four connections across three different
devices there. Um we could even roam up
to let's say San Francisco.
Let's go up to the San Francisco
airport.
Uh well there's Muffet Field.
Uh sorry Muffet Field. Let's we're we're
we're traveling north on 101, folks. Uh
by map and soon we'll get to San
Francisco. Here we go. Here's San
Francisco airport and you can see that I
have a decent amount of data there. 29
different connections across two
different devices. Um now these people
aren't necessarily this is not
necessarily Starlink. In fact, it's not
Starlink. You can even see by looking at
all connections what particular types of
connections were involved here. And by
the way, notice that some of these are
are Panasonic and VSAT. Why? Because as
the CLA planes were sitting on the
ground, uh they were still connected and
people were using the app uh doing
measurements, but most of them were AT&amp;T
connections. Uh and that kind of limits
it down to AT&amp;T.
So, give the app a try. Um, CERN had
that little banner that said it's on uh
basically netp-
uhapp.com
and when you go there uh you can
basically download the iPhone or Android
version and I guarantee that there are
feature equivalent. So thanks.
&gt;&gt; I put the banner banner back up there on
&gt;&gt; Thank you. All right. So I let me bring
let me bring you back to my screen here.
There we are.
So, this was
&gt;&gt; netcp-app.com.
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; netp-app.com.
Yeah. And once you once you get here,
you'll get into the universe of this
this app pretty quickly there. By the
way, both are in pre-production mode.
The iPhone 1 is um available through
test flight, which is basically like the
testing app store for Apple devices. and
Android. It's on a closed system, but I
just got production approval today, so
it'll pretty quickly make it into Google
Play officially, which is kind of cool.
Um,
again, this was really fun to build.
There's a lot of deep deep features here
that uh you well I think you can look at
the app and realize it's pretty
fullfeatured application but there's all
this stuff I always wanted to play
around and do and and and see how
quickly I could use AI to get somewhere
substantial. You know, I mean, first I
had to lay down architecture the way I
wanted the app to work. And that's part
of the process that I think my brain
still has some contribution to, but in
terms of the actual generic programming
of the UI, I mean, obviously there have
to have a design and an idea how you
want it to look and feel. But, uh, man,
these tools do an amazing job. Amazing
job. Uh, and you know, one of my
favorite things was
I thought, how hard would it be to go
from iPhone to Android? And I think
people know if people that anybody
listening who's built an app native app
on these platforms they're totally
different programming environments
different
SDKs different view systems different
you know they have obviously like uh
some parody when they reach expression
through interface but in terms of the
tool set you know and you got Xcode you
got swift in iOS land you've got
basically Java and the Android um uh
platform Android Android Studio and you
know you're building the apps
differently. Well, guess what? As I
said, I built both apps using the new
programming language called English.
&gt;&gt; English. It's amazing. Amazing.
&gt;&gt; Which is really, really cool.
&gt;&gt; Do you have plans on using AI to help
you analyze the data that's being
gathered? That's exactly what's coming
next.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I'm going to try to do is
if I can get like part a is I want to
get a lot of users, right? Get a lot of
users contributing a lot of data in a
lot of different scenarios. But the cool
thing about it is it's it's sort of like
the problem I had at Rivian. You know,
the cars produce an enormous amount of
data. How do you find interesting
needles in the haststack? How do you do
that? And today for the first time like
I mean you know compared to this app a
Rivian vehicle or a Tesla vehicle
produce so much data make your head spin
and how do you find something in there
like a reliability problem a failure or
this or that there's a lot of hidden
nuggets in here and I've asked the AI to
look at data and make some like I'm
getting to the place where I want to
produce actual reports in the data that
the AI produce on a daily basis, if you
will. Like, hey, I would observe that.
Here's, you know, for example, maybe it
can build better discovery on why we had
such a poor speed test with um Starlink
at that moment. Is is Phil right in that
the problem with Starlink at that moment
was that it was literally in a pattern
of switching the satellites and one was
kind of running away from it. Am I right
about that? I have a theory that says I
am, but I don't really know because a
lot of that, guess what? If there's
enough data in the system, we can
discover really interesting stuff about
that. Really interesting stuff.
Absolutely. I think that's when it
becomes really quite powerful.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I was just going to say, Phil, you also
have something fun built in here where
if you're the first one to go to a
Supercharger site, for example, uh
you're tagged as being the first person
to be there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the system has today
150,000 discrete mapped places in the
universe. Okay. And that includes
uh at at at the broadest level there are
big geographies like countries
um states and by the way not just states
in the United States like provinces and
states and other countries are in the
system as well. Um there's a whole great
story on how AI helped me produce all
this. Um there are cities the 2500
largest cities in the world are
represented but I have universities
across the United States across Europe.
I have every supercharger in the United
States. you you run this app at any
supercharger and your data will and you
you know you'll be scored as the first
place provider of provider and there'll
be some you know kind of cool
gamification stuff coming where I'll put
ranks and stuff of people that have
contributed but we've got universities
we got uh we've got entertainment venues
like you know sports arenas um gosh
there's a whole a whole big list of what
I call places in the system. And as you
move around the map, uh, national parks,
state parks, um, regional parks, oh, you
know, I'm missing a bunch of stuff. And
as you move around the map, those uh,
you can switch to the a map interface.
So in other words, in instead of going
from this sort of databased or speed
test interface, you can jump over to the
mapbased interface which you saw me
present,
&gt;&gt; uh you can just double click the top
little connectivity bar and the app just
flip-flops between these two interfaces
and you can pin one as the preferred
one.
&gt;&gt; And as you roam around, you'll see the
places come into you'll see that you
touched the place, you contributed data
to the place. when you run into the
place, it automatically runs a speed
test and it accumulates that data in the
cloud. And of course, it runs a bunch of
lat latency samples as well. And the
users can add their own places as well.
In other words, they can they can add
their home place and keep it private so
that they can see all the data from from
home or maybe place of business, but
they can also add a place that they just
want to say, let's make this a public
place and see how many people collect
into this place. Those are just points
with certain radial circles because I'm
not asking a individual to map out, you
know, the edge of a school like there's
two types of geometries here. We have
places that are basically points with
radiuses and we have places that are
rich rich potentially multi-olygons.
Uh like for example,
&gt;&gt; what's that?
&gt;&gt; Like a college campus or something like
that. Yeah, a college campus may be a
few hundred uh points that make it up.
Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think uh Grand Canyon National Park is
uh a single polygon with 360,000
distinct uh vertices on it, which is
pretty cool. And AI helped me build that
system. It it Yeah. I I put Grock build
to work and I said,
&gt;&gt; "Go get me polygon representations of
every university in the United States
that in this criteria and it and it
would come back and it would say, do you
want these? Do you want those? No, no,
no. I don't want those. Give me don't
give me all the JC. Oh, no. Give me the
JC's. You know, I want those, too." you
know, um, and it would basically and I
could then import these different, uh,
geometries into the system and then it
just kind of got it it automatically
knows how to pull it in the system so I
can add one overnight and it just would
show up. It's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing. It's It's been neat to see
the development of this over a pretty
short amount of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I started it I started it miday.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I and I admit I put some attention
to this. was not like I didn't do a lot
of finesse especially uh you know it
took me about 2 weeks by the way when I
say this it took me 2 weeks to build the
Android one two weeks are you kidding I
mean that you know with all the features
to try to to port I you could
theoretically go to cursor which of
course is a SpaceX tool now right or
Grock build and say
here's the iOS app that you've been
working on for me. I want you to create
a native Android app parody. Do it. It's
not going to work out so well if you do
it that way. You know what you what you
need to do is say
&gt;&gt; take a look at the iOS app, build me a
plan. And the way I asked it to do it is
I said I want foundational architecture
first built into it. Like I want to
match not the interface. Interface to me
is easy part. Um, I mean crafting it is
incredibly hard if you were doing it by
hand, but uh get the architectural
underpinnings of the app to have basic
par so that they're and and that means
that they are interfacing to the cloud
in precisely the exact way same way
&gt;&gt; which is so cool which is so cool.
&gt;&gt; So that's been great to see and I can't
wait to uh experience the new features.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. Thank you. And be the first
in many locations. So if anybody out
there is planning a massive round the
world trip, this is your opportunity to
uh play the net P land grab game and be
the first at many many locations all
around the world.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. I mean, I definitely u I
had one individual who he kind of
prodded me. He's a he's a viewer of ours
probably maybe watching this podcast,
but he kind of prodded me into the
Android side and
um at the time he was living in he he's
a UK citizen and he's basically said,
you know, I live on a boat in the
Caribbean and I'm about to go to the
Caribbean. And sure enough, boom, right
out of the bat, you know, he shows up at
uh St. John or St. Lucia or some I
forget where uh you know it's uh but oh
by the way he shows up at this place
before I had all the country mapping
stuff so I didn't I didn't capture him.
I feel bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; so come back.
&gt;&gt; He's just going to have to go back
there. He's just going to have to sail
his boat back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now that's a high quality problem, isn't
it?
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He might not want to do it during
hurricane season, but maybe maybe next
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, oh, by the way, it reminds me,
you know, that's another interesting
thing is I wanted to um record at
locations
uh sort of like the weather data too and
see how that might affect Starlink using
AI.
&gt;&gt; That would be fascinating.
&gt;&gt; That would be really interesting, right?
You know, like for example, I know it's
not weather here. It's beautiful, sunny,
clear sky.
&gt;&gt; San Jose, what do you expect? But um but
people tell me all the time like you
know sometimes my residential Starlink
is poor performance, you know, during
rain events. And I I don't know that to
be true. I don't know it to be false. I
just don't know it to be anything at
this point. But um but but I'm sure we
could figure it out pretty quickly with
enough data.
&gt;&gt; When it's raining cats and dogs, that
might be a problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they might they might physically
damage the dish, right? There's that
include
&gt;&gt; uh receiver. Is it a Starlink? What's it
called?
&gt;&gt; I I guess I've had the habit of calling
it a transceiver because it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, it it it gives and takes,
right? Obviously, um sends and receives
&gt;&gt; terminal, I think, is the word they use.
&gt;&gt; I I use in the app I use the word
terminal,
&gt;&gt; although that is also another weird
word. And then I think they uh remember
if you remember a friend of mine who uh
effectively lives on a boat in New
Zealand and isn't on the boat yet. So he
was going to try this with his Android
device on his Starlink, but he has the
old dish version of Starlink, the one
that looks like a dish. Um and I think
we have a few of them registered by the
way in that list. I think we have one or
two in that list that and one guy
nicknamed his the appropriate name that
I think Elon called it in early days
Dishy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think they called it Dishy. So, by the
way, I am totally in love with Starlink.
I think it is incredible and I believe a
thousand% when Elon says that
perhaps in five plus years 90% of the
internet traffic will be on the backbone
of of Starlink, I think that's coming.
Uh I absolutely think that's coming
especially as they get into the um you
know the dual the sort of dual
communication path here of Starlink
native and of course Starlink um direct
to cell
&gt;&gt; tech and I intend to identify because we
already there's going to be a third
category in this thing right right now
there's you're using it you're using the
app in Starlink
directly. You're using the app app by
virtue of a Starlink. It's upstream of
you, meaning like you're on United,
you're you're on a Carnival cruise. Um
I haven't seen I I'm looking forward to
seeing data from Lufansza.
Um but the app, by the way, shows you
that when you run the app, if you're on
a Starlink plane, it'll literally tell
you that like it knows you're on
Starlink on United, which is kind of
cool. kind of badges it appropriately.
&gt;&gt; Um, but eventually there'll be a third
category in there which is Starlink as
the ISP it uh sorry as the cellular
carrier.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is cool.
&gt;&gt; Then we get to then we get to then we
get to uh analyze its performance
in you know urban versus non-urban and
dispel or or
&gt;&gt; collide with all the myths associated
with it. So, and once we have FEMA to
cells and so on, we'll have more and
more data as well. So, that's going to
be fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Well, Phil, thank you very much. I look
forward to the next discussion with you
in uh in two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And by the way, I encourage
everyone to read CERN drop three major
articles in
two weeks time. And
I don't know how you do it.
Lack of sleep. No sleep.
&gt;&gt; Lack of sleep. No lack of sleep.
&gt;&gt; No, it's all good.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Thanks, Bill. We'll see
you next time. All right.