Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Tesla's Impact Report Is Really A Cost Report
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UtR58Ew6aw
Published:   2026-08-10 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-10 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Uh, Cybercab, twice the fewer uh GHG
emissions per mile of Cybercab. Uh, full
autonomy and maximized ride-hailing.
Cybercab is projected to nearly half
emissions per mile compared to the Model
3 plus Model Y. Also, personal car sits
parked 95% of the time. Cybercab keeps
driving doing the work of several cars.
That means fewer cars are needed, more
people moved, less emissions overall.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I mean, uh we saw the efficiency.
We saw a
point So, 165 Wh per mile, and that is
fantastic. I know people who get around
200 Wh per mile on their Model 3s. James
Stevenson for the longest time had that
streak. His wife accidentally deleted
his uh
his trip A on the screen, so
unfortunately he no longer has that
number. But, that's about what he gets
because he doesn't do a lot of highway
driving, which I think we can say is
accurate with a with a with a taxi.
Uh and he drives gently, and uh you
know, gets all his regen. This is a
smaller, lighter car that will also be
primarily driven on surface streets.
I saw someone obsessing over the range
of the What is the actual range? We saw
the EPA cert that said, "Oh,
400 miles or something like that." And
they said And other people pointed out,
"No, no, that's the dyno testing. They
Well, I need to know the real-world
range." No, you don't. No, you don't. Uh
because that real-world range that you
see listed isn't going to be
representative of where you live. What
you need to see is one cab operating in
your market, and that will tell you the
efficiency of every cab operating in
your market. If you have more hills, if
you have fewer hills,
because they're all going to drive the
exact same as each other. You and I may
get very different ratings for our Wh
per mile, because you and I are two
different people. And unless we're both
using FSD all the time, our driving
pattern will be different. Now, if you
look at a cab, it's like, well, when if
there's no driver, how will they know if
their tires are getting low? First of
all, the car can tell you when the tires
are getting low.
But more importantly, if I'm in Tampa
and my cyber cab's tires go bald at
42,000 mi, that will be true of every
cyber cab in Tampa. All of them, because
they're drive they have the same driver
on the same roads averaging the same
trips. Yes, one of them may have
a tenth of a percent more highway miles,
but the law of averages says over enough
miles, you'll all drive the exact same
roads.
So, that's a big part of it. And getting
down to 165 becoming the most efficient
vehicle that has range. I mean, you can
have more efficient vehicles that have
30 mi of range because they weigh a ton
less.
Maybe not a ton, but certainly a
thousand pounds less. Uh that means that
it's going to be efficient.
And the real beauty on the cyber cab is
Tesla didn't design it to be the best
thing they could sell. They designed it
to be the best, period. Because they
don't want to sell it, they want to keep
a lot of them.
So, you could cut corners and
manufacture it in a way that's less
repairable or less reliable and save a
ton of money.
But if you intend to keep it, the only
thing that matters is total cost of
ownership. How much does it cost to
repair? Uh how long will it last? How
quick and easy is it to get it back on
the road when something happens? Can
this motor genuinely last a half million
miles?
All of those considerations are in there
because they're not just building a car,
they're building their own car for
themselves to keep and the
considerations are very different when
you do it that way.
&gt;&gt; All excellent comments, Brian. The only
thing I would add was with James
Stevenson's uh streak
&gt;&gt; Uh-huh.
&gt;&gt; that I suspect that Loki might have been
powering the car in some way.
&gt;&gt; Um
he just sits there and yells, "Slow
down."
&gt;&gt; Speaking of which, too, that will be an
interesting situation when Grok is in
the car and it can actually talk to you
about your own driving behavior.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And when Grok [clears throat] suggests,
"Hey, you might want to try FSD because
your driving is atrocious right now."
&gt;&gt; Wow. Very deeply personal, Grok. How
dare you? Look, I'm trying to preserve
both of us.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Yeah, the
the car may say, "You know, you may not
care too much about your life, but what
about what about me? I I want to keep
driving."
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; But we also learned in the uh impact
report that their new reaction injection
molding or RIM process shrinks
Cybertruck paint cycles from hours to
minutes.
This cuts those parts manufacturing and
supply chain emissions by 35%
and eliminates 100% of the VOCs,
volatile organic compounds in the paint.
Um so, that's a pretty big step, and
that's something that Lars would
probably be be very excited about.
&gt;&gt; It's fun. If you've ever had a chance to
really tour a car factory, and I don't
mean just like the little half-hour one,
but like really get into one, uh you get
to understand the body bank. When they
paint cars, let's say we've got six
colors. Um today we're painting gray
ones. Tomorrow we'll paint red ones. Cuz
you want to paint as many as you can of
a single color before switching because
there's a whole changeover process.
Takes time. Time is money. You're losing
paint. You're It's a whole thing.
So, you paint a whole batch of silver
cars, and then you put them upstairs in
the body bank. Now, make sure, please
make sure that the doors match the car
because there are inconsistencies in the
paint, and if you grab the wrong doors
and put them on the car, people will
notice.
They'll They'll look at it and go, "Boo,
I don't I don't know how you goofed
this, but you goofed it."
There is no body bank with the
Cybertruck. So, not only did you
eliminate the paint shop or reduce it by
95%
Paint shops are expensive. Paint shops
can cost a hundred million to billions,
depending on what you're doing.
That's a huge expense. But, what it also
is is time. When you paint a car, time
is of the essence. We don't want it in
the We don't want it drying for ages. We
don't want it stuck in the body bank for
a week. Uh that is Time is money. If you
can manufacture a car and get it out on
the road and producing or sold within 30
days, your financing cost on those parts
drops to zero, because you get net 30
terms. So, you get the goods in the
door, you sell it, and now you're paying
the suppliers before the bill is even
due.
Uh that's That's ideal. And if you think
of how much space is taken up by a body
bank at a at a auto factory, you realize
that they're saving so much by taking
this approach, not just in the paint,
but in the time and in the space. You've
got a smaller factory than ever
producing more cars than ever.
&gt;&gt; And they have a whole system at Giga
Texas and Giga Berlin to deal with these
VOCs. Uh to eliminate eliminate that as
well for the Cybertruck line.
&gt;&gt; Very expensive pollution mitigation, and
worth it. These are These are not
chemicals you want anyone to breathe.
They will break down on their own, but
not as quickly as you would like for the
safety of uh the animal kingdom.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh 100% renewable supercharging 5
years running uh for Tesla now. Our
entire global supercharger network has
been matched by 100% renewables for 5
years in a row. Um
&gt;&gt; This surprises me more and more every
year because the number of chargers
they're deploying is greater, the number
of vehicles, charging sessions is always
increasing.
And we don't always see a lot of solar
going up. Some places, Lost Hills,
California Supercharger, famously, has
tons of solar panels and a very small
grid connection, which can allow them to
sell back the excess when they get it.
And I imagine on some days they are
selling some back. Uh but
then you've got the roofs of the
factories that have been completed. We
don't see much of We don't see any on
the semi factory yet because the semi
factory is not done. Uh we've seen quite
a bit on Texas even though it's not
quite done. But if you look at Fremont,
if you look at Shanghai, if you look at
Berlin, they are maxed out on rooftop
solar. And in Berlin, they've even added
solar canopies for the parking.
Where the rest of this charging this uh
solar is coming from, I don't know.
Maybe they're counting customers' homes
as well. Uh but
it's remarkable and uh we love to see
it.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
47 million hours of backup power
provided by our Powerwall fleet in 2025.
&gt;&gt; And that's just Powerwall. We're not
even talking Megapack yet. Powerwalls
are fantastic. I don't need one. I don't
have time of use pricing where I live.
But if you have time of use pricing, I
know people in California who pay as
much as 50 cents or more during peak
hours
and as little as 12 cents, maybe 14, 15
cents
overnight.
And every day they cycle that battery
all the way so they can keep their homes
cool, their cars charged, whatever it
may be. And if you add to that having
solar production,
they're never buying peak power anymore.
It's a great It's a great system. More
beneficial for some people. To the
people saying, well, I'd never buy one
cuz it doesn't make sense for me. Great.
If it doesn't make sense for you, don't
buy it. But everyone's situation is
different, especially in the US where we
don't have a
power provider. We have a thousand
different power providers with a
thousand different policies. It's a real
patchwork quilt.
&gt;&gt; It really is. And they say here that
they delivered 20 plus gigawatt hours of
energy. Um
uh Powerwalls did in 2025. And saved
Powerwall owners over a billion dollars
uh on energy through solar Powerwall
storage and grid exports.
So, that's some real money.
&gt;&gt; Pretty soon it adds up. Is it Well,
yeah, but that that's everybody
combined. Right. That's what we said.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah, that's great. It might be small
for somebody, but overall collectively
it's it's a big number.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh 470,000 metric tons of CO2 avoided by
our global Megapack fleet. So, there you
go. Talking about Megapacks now.
&gt;&gt; Megapacks are exciting. Maybe three and
a half, four years ago I interviewed
Matt Smith, and I said, when are the
Wall Street guys going to start modeling
for Megapack? And he said, as soon as
the number gets big enough in the
reports.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And I said, but it's already like, you
know, a hundred million a quarter. He
goes, that's not enough for them. And
sure enough, within three to six months,
they were modeling Megapack. I saw a
report this week that said, if mega if
energy was split off, it would have a
hundred and fifty billion dollar market
cap. That doesn't surprise me. What
surprises me is that even six years ago,
even four years ago, Wall Street
assigned it no individual value. These
guys are not forward-looking.
And that's unfortunate for investors
because that's when we plan to invest
for, is the future. So, I don't I I
know, man.
&gt;&gt; Megapack and solar is built faster and
cleaner than gas peaker plants.
Uh that's something I think we all knew,
but a good reminder. And then speaking
of clean, we have 30% cleaner cleaner
lithium. I don't know about you, Brian,
but I like my lithium to be clean.
&gt;&gt; You know, I have a guy who cleans it for
me. Uh he's got uh puts in a lot of
elbow grease. Elbow grease, uh one of
the leading uh contaminants of lithium,
at least in my household. The thing with
the Megapacks is, yeah, they're doing
good work. It's easy to measure, and
even though power uh Megapacks are much
more expensive than Chinese
alternatives. Domestically in China, I
had a viewer asked me why
Megapack isn't bigger in China. It's one
of the few markets in which Tesla
operates where Megapack is not number
one in the market. Megapack barely
breaks the top 10 in China. And it's
because the alternatives are
the price. Literally half the price per
kilowatt. So, what you end up with is
short-sighted companies saying,
"Well, if it's that much cheaper up
front, we can afford to lose some
operational money along the way." And
Megapack's uh auto bidder system is
brilliant and saves you money over time,
but we just need to make that money
today, so it's short-sided. And in terms
of the cleaner lithium,
we don't know all the bits, all the
secret ingredients in the special sauce,
but we understand that it is working.
And even if the domestic lithium is not
cheaper, now we do believe that it is,
but even if it's not, it is critical to
diversify your supply chain and
domesticate your supply chain. And this
is
really unique in North America.
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's fantastic.