Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       It Appears $TSLA is Set for Lift Off. And the Stock Market Appears to Agree!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmSntucJqgs
Published:   2026-10-05 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-05 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I need to share with you all my current
read and take on Tesla and where I see
the stock going from here. And September
is historically the worst month for the
markets of the year. We need to talk
about how our trading went. Meanwhile,
new data came out on Friday that could
be suggesting that this market is about
to go on a historic run. And finally,
I've always been told that capitalism is
so amazing. But then why do we have so
many damn problems? Maybe the socialists
are right after all. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
To kick things off, let me set the stage
for you. We are currently in a conflict
in a war with Iran. This has been going
on since March. We have oil prices
essentially at the highest levels
they've been in in a long time. $90,
$100 a barrel. We see the crack spread,
which is the cost to actually make the
diesel, the gas, etc. That delta, that's
the crack spread. We see that at growing
numbers that we haven't seen in a long
time. We've got the straight of horos
kind of closed, kind of open. We have
inflation creeping up everywhere
apparently. And the bond markets are
essentially getting to highs we haven't
seen in a long time. That's the current
market that we're in. So, let's take a
look at this from a bond yield
perspective. And I'm going to paint this
because I'm trying to take you guys
somewhere. I need you to stick with me
in order for you to really be able to
understand what's actually happening in
the macro and why the
and why the headlines of what you see
may not actually be what they appear.
Let's take a look at the bonds first.
So, here's the 10-year and we can see
this is the 10-year. I think it's
technically considered a note. A 10ear I
think bonds are considered after that.
Uh, but this is a 10-year note and what
we can see is plotted out from 2000 to
2026. And you can see on the far left
there's a little red dot. Might be kind
of hard to see, but that's May of 2002.
That was the last time that the 10-year
yields were at the current price. So,
right now, the yields are at 5.29% as of
September 30th. This is a 24-year high
for the 10-year. And normally, this is
not a good thing. Normally, this tells
you that the stock market's going to
sell off and people are going to take
their money out of the risky stock
market and put it into the non-risky
treasury market. In other words, the
10-year. So, when we see this, we see
problems. We see not good. We see things
breaking. It's harder for businesses to
borrow money. It's harder for people to
get mortgages. Mortgage rates are
normally based on two uh 2% on top of
whatever uh the 10ear is. So, 10 year
right now is at 5.29. the 30-year fix
non-jumbo is probably sitting around
7.29. That's how it normally works. And
so, this isn't good. And you have seen
Bessant uh try to bring this down and
try to control the long end of the
yield, which is the 30-year, and control
the 10-year as well. Now, this paints a
very bad picture. Like I said, we've got
oil, we've got Fed raising rates. Uh we
got Fed talking about raising more
rates. Uh we see what's happening with
the bond market here. We see inflation
creeping up. like everything just looks
not good. The Iran war, is it going to
end? Is it not going to end? Who knows?
You know, I always say no one knows
anything, but there's been a lot of
starts and stops over and over. But then
this past Friday, something interesting
happened. We got a new jobs report
number and that jobs report number came
out and the market was expecting 90,000
new jobs to have been created. And the
job market has been very good actually,
almost too good that it's making it
easier for the Fed to raise rates. See,
the Fed has two mandates. Their first
mandate is well, I guess they're both
the same. They have two mandates.
They're equal. They have to maintain low
uh low unemployment and they have to
maintain a 2% uh inflation. So, these
are the two mandates. But when the job
market is is doing really well and we
don't have risk of that creeping up for
unemployment, then they can solely
really focus on inflation. And that's
what's been happening. And so Wars and
the entire Fed team, they have been out
there essentially hinting at more rate
hikes to come and really talking
hawkish. with the 10-year going up, this
is actually doing a lot of the work for
them because as bonds go up, it it puts
a a synthetic suppression on the
economy. So, what happened on Friday?
Well, on Friday, it gave a little sign
of life for the bulls out there. You
see, on Friday, the expectation was
90,000 for jobs created or jobs added to
the market. Instead, we saw 29,000. This
was considered a huge miss. In fact,
unemployment went up by one tick from
4.2 to 4.3%.
This had a huge ripple effect in the
markets. Not only did we see a really
nice market, we saw the Dow, the Nasdaq,
S&amp;P, everything run up on on Friday,
which was a great way to start off
October, but we also saw something very
interesting. Take a look at this. The
odds of a rate hike in October
plummeted. We were at one point at 79%
maybe a week and a half ago. Now we're
at 20%. In fact, you can see it plotted
out here. Now December has a 79% and
March has a 75%. Let's see how these
play out. But I wouldn't be surprised if
we don't get another rate hike for the
rest of the year. Now, the numbers are
going to tell everything, but we'll see.
Right now, it doesn't mean we're not
going to get rate hike in October.
Really, we got a clear CPI. See, we're
going to get another CPI reading, which
will be September's CPI. We're going to
get that in in a couple weeks here. And
once we get that, if it stays at
expected numbers, at expected values,
then we will likely see that there's
going to be no rate hike in October.
After all, as I've been telling you, we
don't need a Fed. We just need to follow
the 2-year, the 10-year, and just find
out what the predictions are here. It
tells you everything you need to know.
So, why is the Fed fighting this battle?
Now, we talked about the war. We talked
about bonds. We talked about oil prices.
We talked about the crack spread. But
what's actually going on? Well, it's
inflation. Is there inflation? Yes,
anyone who's telling you there's not
inflation is wrong. There is inflation,
but let's get nuance about it. Let's
take a look at this. So, here we can see
that we have wages versus inflation. And
this is kind of the the the the problem
that the Fed has that the market has.
So, let's start with inflation first.
Inflation is currently at 3.4%. Now, I'm
about to make an argument to you that
this inflation is inflated, that it's
actually transitory. I'm going to show
you the math behind that. In other
words, when Jerome Pal kept talking
about inflation being transitory from uh
2021 all the way up to 2022 when he
started raising rates, that was not
transitory. In fact, that was anything
but. You see, we had so much demand for
goods and we didn't have enough supply
to meet that demand. We're going to talk
more about that in a little bit when it
comes to capitalism and socialism. But
we had actual inflation that was
occurring because the government was
printing money and giving out cash to
people. When you give out the cash to
people, when we already have supply
chain hits because of COVID, when we
already have ships sitting out there at
Anchorage just waiting to come in
because they can't be unloaded because
long shoremen are protesting. The the
whole thing has a ripple effect. And
then you give people cash when they're
going to do what? People aren't good at
saving money and investing money. All
they do is spend. That's what people are
good at. And when you know that, you
should be able to think ahead and
understand these people are not just
going to take that money and do
something that's serves a utility to
them, which would be pay off that credit
card debt, put this towards your car
note, uh save this for a rainy day, uh
invest the money, right? Those would all
been good things to do with that money.
In fact, that money never should have
just been given out. that money should
have had uh requirements to it that you
had to show what you spent the money on
to make sure you're not just out there
buying some random stuff on Amazon.
Anyways, this is what true transitory
inflation looks like. What we have here
3.4%. I'm going to show that to you. But
the problem is that wages are actually
slowing down too. So look at this. Wages
grew by 3%. Now last year we were
sitting here at 4% wage growth and 2.9%
inflation. That works. We want to make
sure wages are growing faster than
inflation. That is a healthy economy.
But instead, we have the opposite right
now. We have real wages actually
decreasing 0.3%. Now, in a kind of
horrible way, the Fed likes this because
if bonds are up and if wages are coming
down, well, then that's good for the
Fed's narrative because they are trying
to slow down the economy and they want
to slow people's spending down and more
spending helps stimulate inflation. So,
this is the tricky situation that the
Fed has to navigate. I'm of the opinion
that the Fed's more so jawboning and
using the the podium to help bring rates
down and to talk tough, but it seems
like the bond market's not quite buying
it. In fact, the entire world is seeing
all the yields go up. The entire world
is repricing bonds. So, it's not just a
United States thing. So, then if I'm
making an argument here that inflation's
transitory, let's take a look at it.
What's it actually look like? Well,
let's start off with how we get our 3.4%
inflation. For those of you who don't
know, inflation is measured every single
month and it's comparing the current
month against the month of the previous
year. So, for example, we're about to
get the September CPI number. And what
happens is the September 2026 CPI will
take the place of the 2025 CPI. So, the
2025 CPI number will will drop off and
the 26 will replace it. And we do that
for trailing 12 months. And that's how
we get our 3.4%. You add up each month
and you get 3.4%. So this is where we
currently sit over the last 12 months. I
will point out, you see October is
blank. It says essentially not
applicable. It's because we had a
government shutdown during that time if
you recall. So for September of of 2025,
we are at 0.3 for for CPI. That is the
number. We need to make sure that we
either match it or we show a lower
number and that will be good for the
economy, for the market, for the Fed to
help them do what they do. A number
above 0.3 and you can see that the rate
hike odds for October might shoot up
again. But here's what I'm really trying
to show you guys. If we go all the way
back to March when the war with Iran
began, you will see that something
uniquely happened from there. And over
the next few months, we saw oil prices
shoot up. And so you can see March here
we saw that the inflation number came in
at plus0.9. Now that's a big number
because you can see the rest of these
are like.3.4.5
0.9 is a very large number. Now what if
I were to tell you that of that 0.9 0.85
of it was purely oil driven. Yeah,
that's right. Purely oil driven. If
we're sitting here at 3.4 four. And I'm
telling you that I'm going to pull out
the calculator here. And I'm telling you
that of that of that 0.9 that we saw in
March, that 0.85 of it is actually from
oil. What would that leave us now right
now if we let's just say didn't have
that. Well, that would put us at 2.55.
2.55. That'd be a two handle on our
inflation. Now, if you look at the next
couple months here, you can also see the
impacts of oil. You see that in April of
26, we had 0.6. What do you think
happened there? Well, naturally, a lot
of the oil prices going up would feed
into all the different sectors.
Transportation, airflights, moving goods
from point A to point B, and grocery
stores having to absorb that. Uh retails
haven't absorbed this. What do they do?
They start to raise their price a little
bit. And so that bleeds in, and you can
see that effect happen essentially in in
uh Mar in April and in May. But you also
see big numbers of oil that's
controlling here. So then if we look at
June, that's when we actually had the
memorandum of understanding and that's
where everything came down. And you can
see here we actually had a deflationary
and of the 0.4 essentially all of it
came from energy prices. So what's the
point I'm really trying to drive home
here? If right now we're at 3.4%. And I
just look at March alone and I back that
out. I'm telling you we're at 2.55.
What's going to happen is that these
months will fall off. When we get to
March or actually April is when it'll
show. When we get to April of 2027, just
short few months away, what will happen
is that March number will drop off and
in place of it will be the current
price. Now, even if oil is still high in
the '9s, this number will still likely
be negative from the oil perspective
because around this time we're at about
$110, $120 a barrel. So, we're going to
start to see this actually be
transitory. See, I'm able to quantify
this and show you why it's transitory.
This is the thing that Jerome Pal wasn't
able to do. To me, this is the beginning
of a setup for what is likely going to
be a historic run in the stock market.
In other words, with everything we've
seen with Micron and Sandis and the AI
boom to quote a famous person, I'm sure
who said this, you ain't seen nothing
yet. So, let's see what's going to
happen here because I now want to show
you what to expect for the rest of the
year. And this might really surprise
you. And this is before we can even talk
about Tesla. Okay, so this is I'm
excited about today's episode. We got a
lot of cool things to talk about. Let's
start off by looking at the best to
worst months historically for the stock
market performance. So from 1950 to
2025, this is what it looks like.
Historically, November is the strongest
month of the year, up 1.9%, followed by
April, but then number three is December
at 1.4%. And if you look all the way
down to number seven, it's October
at.9%.
These are three very strong months that
we are entering. October, November,
December. Combined, they essentially do
all the performance for the S&amp;P 500. We
are entering a very bullish part of the
year. Now, what are we exiting? Well,
notice at number 12, it's September. We
just exited the historically worst month
of the year. This is from 1950 to 2025.
That's what these numbers are based off
of. So, we just exited the worst month
of the year. It averages a negative
negative 0.7%. All right, that's what we
are dealing with. So, it was a rocky
month. We saw what happened with Tesla.
We saw what happened with Micron Sandis.
We saw what happened with Nvidia. We saw
a lot of stuff happen. Now, here we are
into October, 0.9 month, and it's
looking pretty decent. Nice little
start, right? Let's uh zoom out, though.
What actually happened in September?
Like, what were the results for the S&amp;P
500? Well, believe it or not, S&amp;P 500,
and you don't have to believe me. I'm
just some idiot with a backwards hat.
You can go and verify all this, but the
S&amp;P 500 returned negative 0.5%
for the month of September 2026.
Historically, 0.7 negative negative
0.7%. So, a little better than normal,
but still negative. Anyone who was able
to outperform that did pretty well. Now,
let's take a look from a trading
perspective. How'd that go for me? Well,
for me and many others, you can go see I
posted on X and you can see everyone's
responses. I had a pretty good month
with my trading. I made 63,000. I had
two losing trades. One of them I did
something stupid. Took a $9 loss.
Another one I intensely rolled it out.
It was ALAP. You guys will see that
shortly when I uh make a video of it or
share it. But it was a good month. I won
96.2% of my trades. I traded small. I
traded often. I stayed disciplined. I
stayed mechanical. That's what I teach.
Did I have to sell any of my shares? No.
No Tesla shares were harmed in the
process of making this money. What about
SpaceX? No, none of it. That's what I
teach. I teach you how to make 1 to 4%
per month. Now, I always say that's
conservative. Why? Because I want you to
link conservative. I don't want you to
come and take my options crash course,
think you're going to get rich quick.
You're not. That's not the point of
this. We're here to teach you how to
fish so you know how to do this so you
can have the same type of returns while
the S&amp;P 500 delivers a, I don't know,
negative.5. That's what we want. We want
to constantly outperform the market by
trading alongside our portfolio. Let the
portfolio grow, trade around it, be
capital efficient. That's how we make 1
to 4%. Never having to sell our shares.
This is proper capital management. This
is the thing people don't want you to
know about. This is the thing people
don't want you to learn. I'm here to
teach you. In fact, look at this. This
this is everyone always asks me, Nick,
why do you do this? Why do you share?
Why are you giving all your secrets
away? First of all, it's not a secret.
Like, none of this is a secret. You just
don't know it. You've never been taught
this and no one teaches you the whole
picture. I will teach you the whole
picture. Everybody on YouTube or
whatever, they just want to talk to you
about, oh, this how you place a trade.
Guys, that is not even half of the
equation. So, I try to teach you the
whole thing. But take a look at this.
This is why I teach. This is from Dan.
He writes, "Nick, I'm struggling to find
the words to say what I need to say.
Thank you just doesn't seem sufficient
to express my gratitude. You changed my
life. Or even better, you've shown me
how to change my own life." Yes,
exactly. I'm 45 years old and yesterday
was my last day at work. Call it
retirement or just entering the next
phase of life. I'll now be able to be
present for my wife and kids without
being exhausted from the work week. You
can't really put a price on that, but as
it turns out, it was just the price of
the course. For my wife, my kids, and
myself, we are eternally grateful. Dan,
bravo. Well done. And it's hard for even
me to see here, but I think he had a
looks like a $90,000 month. This is
fantastic. This is September, the
historically worst month of the year.
Historically worst month, negative for
the S&amp;P 500, and he's positive here. I
was positive here. Let's take a look at
another example. I think this one's
interesting as well. Uh, and we're
actually going to talk more about Dan in
a second here, but this is actually very
interesting. Look, what's the point of
knowing that right now we're about to
enter the most bullish part of the year
if you don't even know how to take
advantage of it? If you don't know how
to take advantage of it, what's the
point? So, you should learn how to take
advantage of it. Despite what happens
with Tesla, despite what happens with
SpaceX, Palanteer, Nvidia, look, we buy
and hold these names because they're
good, strong companies and we want to
see those grow. But while we wait, what
are you going to do? Just sit on your
hands and wait, wait and just look
around, say, I hope something happens
one day. I know it will, but in the
meantime, I'm not going to make any
money. Well, that's insane. That is
absolutely insane. You might as well
generate some profits while you do that
so that guess what? then you can buy
more of those shares or you can go take
that vacation or you could pay off that
bill or you can retire like Dan did. But
take a look at this. This is Neil's. He
said, "Sorry I missed the end of July
and end of August updates," meaning
sharing his results with us. He said
that we were on a long family trip to
Vietnam and I didn't have my laptop with
me to run the numbers properly. And now
I have the IG journal, which is where I
showed you guys my P&amp;L. I'll put it
somewhere here again. Uh maybe up here.
Uh the IG journal. You guys can find the
link for that below. If you're not
signed up with it, do it. We've got the
mobile apps coming out soon, iPad apps
coming out soon, and if you've had
trouble tracking your trades, you're
going to want this because this is going
to be fantastic. We have a new update
about to come out here soon. I cannot
wait. The iOS apps coming out, the
Android apps coming out, even a Linux
apps coming out. So, shout out to
Daniel. He's crushing it. Anyways, but
with the journal, Neil was actually able
to properly track his trades. So he says
despite the break the Vietnam vacation
and roughly 5x jump in his net asset
value in July uh and again net net asset
value meaning he increased the amount of
the portfolio he was trading at net
asset value otherwise net liquidity
right same thing uh so he added more
funds to it which jumped it by five 5x
so you would think oh bigger account
harder to make returns right that's what
you would think so he's saying despite
that after transferring Tesla shares
from another broker the monthly return
on NAV or net liquidity remains in the
upper end of the 1 to 4% range for July,
August, and September. Months 3 to 5
after the crash course and August and
September had a 100% success rate. 100%
success rate. Great higher end of the 1
to 4%. Like I said, it's conservative.
He then says a friend who sat who sat uh
sat in the course on Saturday, so this
past September class enjoyed all 13 plus
hours. Yes, 13 plus hours. Why? I stay
on until I've answered your last
questions. I don't take breaks. I stay
on. You pay to be there. I want to teach
you. I want to help you do what Dan did
and retire. I want to help you be able
to go out with your family and spend
time in Vietnam. I'm here to teach you
how to fish. I love this. I'm so
dedicated to this stuff. Like I said
over and over, I want to be the Dave
Ramsey of people who have a portfolio
and want to learn how to be capital
efficient, who want to learn how to
trade options correctly, properly,
capital efficient. That's my goal.
That's what I don't want to say my
mission. I feel like that sounds lame,
but that's literally what I aspire to to
do. I want to touch and help. I don't
touch. I want to help as many people as
I can. Anyways, he said he's saying that
a friend of his that sat in the course
is extremely excited to move from paper
to real trades. Your courses, videos,
and support have been life-changing.
They are instrumental in solving the
last piece of the money problem for me,
generating income without selling Tesla
and now SpaceX as well. Warm regards
again, solving the money problem.
Stephen Mark Ryan, right? Shout out to
him. Sometimes seeing these doesn't
really hit home. So, I want to show you
guys a couple videos that were sent in
to me and I I hope you guys take these
to heart. These people are being
vulnerable and they're sharing something
with you that they really want you to
understand. Again, this is this is the
ultimate humility and they're sharing a
special message for you all to hear. So,
let's listen. Let's listen to Dan here.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Nick. Uh, just feeling very
grateful in this moment. wanted to take
a minute to share some things with you.
First, your options crash course is by
far the best financial investment I have
ever made. Now, prior to the options
crash course, I had a financial system
that was working well for me, uh, moving
me towards my goals. And the best part
about what you teach is I haven't had to
touch that system at all. It's still all
in place. It's still working for me.
You've just shown me how to make that
extra, we'll call it 3 to 4% on my
portfolio per month, but even that
sounds conservative with the numbers
that I've seen come in. So, thank you,
brother, for what you do. Uh, also, I
want to say a huge thank you to the
people who went before uh and took your
course and had the courage to go share
their results. Uh, cuz that's what
pushed me over the edge to to finally
decide to take the course. If it had
just been some guy on the internet with
a backwards hat telling me to give them
money, I'm not sure I would have done
it. But, their testimony really uh put
me over the edge. So, you can say thank
you to them for me. Uh, and if if you
can share this with anyone who might be
on the fence, uh, where I was a few
months ago thinking if they should take
it, they need to take it. Uh, it is
worth every penny. Uh, Nick, you're the
real deal. Thank you to you and your
team. You guys are rock stars. Uh, from
myself, from my wife, from my kids,
we're eternally grateful. Uh, keep doing
what you do, brother. Peace.
&gt;&gt; That was Dan. He took the course once.
Took the course once. That was it. Never
had to give me another cent dime or
anything, right? Cuz that's not the
goal. You guys are going to see that the
course pays for itself so quickly. It's
literally just a way to gau how many
people come in sign up because we sell
out so fast. And again, if you guys want
to November, December, those are down
below. Like I said, as as they fill up,
I have to raise the price to limit the
amount of people. So, sign up now. I'm
about to close out November. November's
almost done being filled up. Uh I
selected the date so it' be like good
for like the holidays and everything.
So, hopefully you can join. Um if not,
uh you know, I'm sure we'll do something
next year. But sign up. Uh, and if you
have any questions, DM me. I try to
answer everyone. But now I want to show
you what your life could be like, right?
Like what aspirationally I hope you guys
all strive for. And this is coming from
Kurt. So Kurt sent this to me this past
Friday and I want to share it with you
guys because I thought it was a
beautiful message that he had here.
&gt;&gt; Hey Nick, I just wanted to give you a
shout out. I know Lori and I are going
to make a really nice testimonial for
you one day. But it's October 2nd. It's
a beautiful fall day. I'm riding my bike
around Denver, which I tend to do almost
every day, and I've already uh earned
9,000 today on the trading day. I've got
two hours left. I'm closing deals as I'm
on this bike ride. And to me, this is
what defines abundance, opportunity, and
just an awesome life. I attribute a lot
of this to the freedom and the power of
options training. Nick, you've done a
tremendous job with your coaching, with
your teaching. you've provided a road
map for Lori and I to go out and live
the life we want to live. So anyway, I'm
going to continue my bike ride. Hope
you're having a good Friday. October's
been amazing. Super appreciative to Nick
and the IG team, the journal, and Daniel
for all you do. Happy Friday.
&gt;&gt; So then right after he said that, he
sent me an update for how his Friday
ended those last two hours. And here you
can see his current P&amp;L. 100% win rate
up $16,65
uh so far for just October. He's
crushing it. He's doing great. He's
living the life him and his wife Lori
that they want to live and they're doing
it the way they want to. This is a life
of abundance the way he said. So again,
beautiful messages and uh obviously I
want you guys to take the course, but I
only want you to take it if you're ready
to take it. I just want to teach people
who want to be there and be actually
participate because we're going to work.
We're going to think it's a very
Socratic course. I ask questions, very
engaging. We go back and forth. This is
not just you guys sit there, shut up,
and listen to me. Not how this works.
I'm going to pull you guys. I'm going to
call on people. We're going to have
discussions. We're going to have
debates. It's going to be fun. It's a
great time. But shout out to both Dan
and Kurt for being vulnerable enough to
share this, to send videos, to help let
other people know like, hey, this is
real. It's not BS. You can do this, too.
All right. Neither of them had ever
touched options before taking the
course. and they all they all took the
course recently too and they're having
these these type of results and you can
do this too. I I don't stress this so
much just to uh kind of talk my own book
or anything but this is this is what I
want people to see that this is doable.
You can do this. There's another way and
financial freedom, financial
independence does not have to be what
mainstream media tells you, what
mainstream uh finance education tells
you. You do not have to make only 4% a
year. That's BS. You don't have to only
invest in S&amp;P 500. All right? Just this
month alone, we've all beat the S&amp;P 500
in September, the historically worst
month. That's not how it has to be.
You've been fed a lie. And I'm telling
you, there's another way. And I will
teach you. You sign up once, you don't
ever need to talk to me again. You will
learn how to fish. I'm doing the thing
that no one else will. I'll teach you
how to fish from beginning to end. The
way it works is we start in the shallow
end, we go into the medium end of the
pool, and then we get into the deep end.
This covers for everyone. We've had
people on from Goldman Sachs. We've had
people on who've never even heard of the
word options before. We have the gamut.
We cover everything. So whether you know
something, whether you've been trading,
or whether you know nothing, I'm telling
you right now, this course will cover
everything you need to know. I don't
hold anything back. So again, if you
want, links are down below for the
holidays, November, December. We're not
doing any more courses this year. That's
it. Next year, I don't even know when
I'll start because we'll probably take
vacation. I don't I don't know what the
plan is. But for right now, we got
November, December. November's about to
close out, so filling up quick. December
is maybe halfway filled. So, go ahead
and sign up because the prices will go
up as they filled up. So, please go
ahead and do it because otherwise, I
know it happens. It happens every time
we get into the actual month and all of
a sudden I get bunch of messages. Hey,
is there any way you can slot me in?
Hey, is there any way do you have any
room? Can you put me on a wait list?
Guys, I'm telling you, there's already a
wait list for the wait list. So, just go
ahead and sign up now. That way, we
don't have to deal with that. Yeah, we
can all learn together. And I I look
forward to meeting you. All right,
enough of that. But it's month out,
month close out, so we had to talk about
it, right? So, good job, Dan. Good job,
Kirk. Good job to everybody else. Thank
you for sharing your P&amp;L below my post.
And now it's time to talk about Tesla.
So, we've talked about the markets,
where they're at, what's happening, and
how the jobs number and the current
inflation isn't quite what it is. And
we've talked about how this is going to
lead us into a very prosperous time in
the market, October, November, December.
Now, you know, if you couple this with
trading and how to be capital efficient,
we we have the market set up right there
for us. And again, no one's talking
about this. Everyone's essentially
talking about how bonds are high,
inflation's high, oil's high, war, all
this negativity, yet they don't see
what's actually happening behind the
curtains. Hopefully, you can see it now.
Hopefully, I did a good enough job to
explain that to you. But now, if you
couple that with understanding how to
trade and we couple that with what's
about to happen with Tesla, oh, it's
about to be a very interesting time. So,
let's let's talk about Tesla for a
second before I start showing you some
stuff. Tesla just just got done showing
us a great delivery month that was
seemingly negative. Now, the stock
market reacted appropriately to it,
right? The stock market I think Tesla
was up like 20 bucks or something on
Friday, which was the correct reaction.
Uh, but it I think we buried the lead on
Tesla and their delivery numbers. See,
Tesla was estimated for 461,000
deliveries. And in fact, JP Morgan, not
only did they reduce their delivery
numbers on Tesla, but they also dropped
the price target because they said there
was weak demand in China and the US.
Turns out that wasn't true. In fact,
Tesla sold more vehicles than what they
even made. So, they have a deficit. And
don't forget, in Q2, we heard the CFO
tell us that they have a they have a
record amount of backlog in in orders
that they haven't seen since 2023.
That's where we're at right now with
Tesla. Now, here's the part of bearing
the lead that that I I feel like again
once this is why you can't trust
mainstream media. So, or or finance me
or any of that. And this is why I say
like they don't want you to know what I
teach with with options. And here's the
proof. Just look at what you know about
Tesla. If you know what you know about
Tesla and you hear what they talk about
it, then why would you believe anything
else that they tell you about about how
you should how you should plan for
retirement, how you should plan on your
finances, that you can't beat the S&amp;P
500, that the 4% is a safe withdrawal
rate. Why would you believe any of that?
They're telling you what they want you
to hear, which they do the same thing
for Tesla, but for some reason, so many
of us just see that with Tesla, but we
don't see it in everything else across
the spectrum, whether it's news, whether
it's finance, whether it's whatever.
Anyways, so here's where they buried the
lead. Yes, Tesla had 486,000 deliveries,
smashing the 461 expectation, but then
you started hearing people say, "Yeah,
but it was still a drop of 2% compared
to last year." What they're bearing is
that this was 486 compared to a Q3 of
last year where not only did we have the
$7,500 tax credit and that and I heard
lots of Tesla YouTubers talk about it,
but they also missed the lead. They also
buried the lead. Yes, we had the EV tax
credit, but the EV tax credit last year
was ending in Q3. It was ending in Q3.
Why is that a big deal? Because that
shifted left, that pulled in so many
sales that would have normally happened
in Q4 and that happened inside of Q3. So
despite not having the EV tax credit,
despite the fact that that was a EV tax
credit ending that pulled forward so
much Q4 demand, we still essentially
matched it. That tells you that Tesla is
booming and nobody seems to see it. In
fact, I again I feel like Tesla media
might be coining that term is even under
reportporting that that aspect of it. So
Q4 I think is going to be a record
quarter. I will be shocked if we do not
beat 500,000 in Q4. I'll be shocked. I
think Tesla's officially back in full
growth. I think this is a huge setup for
Tesla, especially going to Q4 and we
just saw what October, November,
December looks like. Now, coupled into
that midterms end, and we know that 12
out or literally 100% of the time, 12
months after midterms end, the stock
market is meaningfully higher than what
it was then. So, that's another signal.
And on top of all that, I just got done
showing you that the inflation we have
is kind of BS. So what happens if we get
a off-ramp with Iran? What happens if
the straight of Hormuz fully opens back
up? What happens if Ukraine and Russia
can somehow settle things out and we get
refineries back online? We are going to
have a huge surplus of oil available.
And all this has derisked future issues
for oil because we're going to see new
pipelines being built that go across
Saudi Arabia to the Red Sea so we can go
out to SW and completely avoid the
straight of Hormuz. We're going to see
Venezuela ramping up. We're going to see
a need for more refineries to be built.
This is going to be one of the most
bullish things for the entire world
economy, not just for the United States.
Now, going back to Tesla, let's ground
ourselves. So, Tesla's going into this
moment having the strongest setup for
deliveries they've ever had. But with
Tesla, the narrative isn't just
deliveries. It's FSD. It's autonomy.
It's cyber cabs. That's the future.
That's the real story. Now, we have been
seeing, and we saw even more this past
weekend, people are raving about FSD in
a way I have never seen. And when I say
people, I mean non-Tesla associated
people are on and on raving about it.
This is big signal. This I think that
we're going to see a really large number
of FSD subscriptions come through in
this quarterly earnings. Don't sleep on
that. But the other thing that we need
to be paying attention to is the cyber
cap ramp. Look at this. From September
3rd to October 4th, we have gone from 45
cyber cabs up to 169 cyber cabs. You can
see here the growth. This is very
impressive. 169 cyber caps now. This is
growing extremely quickly, a lot faster
than we thought. And I have been saying
uh at least on X I've been saying this
that over the last few quarters we have
seen Tesla make some type of
announcement whe normally it's been a
new city for robo taxis. uh this last uh
this last uh before this last quarter I
believe we saw uh Tampa and Orlando
added and I think before that we saw
Miami and before that I think that's
when they announced Houston and Dallas.
So we've been seeing these new cities
added as as the quarters come up right
as the earnings come up. I have a
suspicion that before this earnings
call, which is going to happen, I think
October 21st, maybe October 22nd, we're
going to get announcement of a new city
that has cyber caps. And that city just
might be Dallas. Take a look at this.
Cyber cabs in Dallas right now are
driving around with nobody inside. This
is from Amin. I hope I'm saying your
name correctly. Thank you for sharing
this. Uh so, so this might be the next
city. And if that happens, I think this
is very bullish for Tesla. This is very
bullish for the stock. This is very
bullish for autonomy and the fact that
Tesla keeps adding more and more
vehicles despite the whole Nitsa thing.
I think this shows the confidence in
him. Also, Elon's getting once again
more tied into the government. He's
working with uh with Palmer Lucky from
Andrew and Nuke Gingrich. And I love
this setup too with Elon working with
Palmer and N because one Palmer is
probably just as crazy as Elon. Uh, but
N knows how to navigate the political
climate and this I think shields Elon
from well being Elon in on that stage
and N knows how to be diplomatic and he
knows how to get both sides to work
together. It's what he's known for,
right? Especially when we had our
balanced budget, N was the House
Speaker, worked with Clinton and they
got it done. So, I I wish they would
have done this for Doge. I think things
would have been a lot different, but
hey, it looks like they're iterating and
they're learning. So anyways, I think if
you look zoom out, just zoom out right
now, you have an economy that is very
strong. We've got markets at all-time
high despite the bonds being up. The
bonds are up because of inflation that
is transitory. Just showed it to you.
And we are in the middle of this AI
revolution that is not slowing down.
Micron just printed their numbers. They
showed it to you, right? 87% margins and
they're going to grow and they are
essentially sold out almost for 2028
already. They are not stopping. Micron
should be signal for what's capital
Sandis, Marll, Alab, Dell, Nvidia. This
is signal, right? Just look what's
happening there. Understand that's going
to happen down the line. So the economy
is bullish. GDP is now being predicted
to be 5% potentially. We just saw
revision upwards of our last GDP uh
quarterly numbers. So everything's
trending the right way. If we get this
off ramp up with Iran, oil prices drop,
this market is going to rip. And I'll
tell you the crazier thing, and I said
this last week, we are cheaper now than
what we were this time last year. The
markets are cheaper now. Why? Because
we've had so much growing in earnings.
See, this is the thing the dot bubble
never had was a growth in earnings.
We've had so much growth in earnings,
it's a bit nuts. It's crazy to see the
S&amp;P 500 multiple actually come down. So
that's where we're at right now. This is
the market we're in. So let's let's talk
about maybe and and I'll just say one
other thing. This is why it's important
to understand how to use options
properly. Look, if you take the course,
here's here's always my hope. Either
one, ideally, you learn how to trade
option. You learn how to be capital
efficient. You change your life. Whether
you are in Vietnam for a month having a
vacation with your family or you're
hanging out with uh or or you're
retiring early or you're just living a
better life in retirement or you just
you know like me and you retire early at
a younger age and you get to go and do
things you want to do to help other
people to change lives. Really that's
the phase I'm in now. I'm not so much
worried about, you know, accumulating
more wealth, which obviously I want to.
I want to create generational wealth for
for my family and stuff, but at this
point, I'm more motivated about helping
other people anyway. So, I hope number
one, that's that's what happens. Number
two, if if if you're not that gung-ho
about it, number two, at least you learn
something where you will be able to make
less mistakes if you use options. You'll
understand what's actually happening.
You lower your risk. you actually
understand how they work and the full
kind of picture and the things that are
really hard to like learn on your own.
Learn from my mistakes. My mistakes are
expensive. You'll get to learn from
them. Or number three, you just you pay
the price for the course and then you
realize, ah, you know what? This isn't
for me. Not my thing. Great. Then you
were able to have a little bit of money
that you spent in order to offset your
risk on a big potential mistake when you
try to explore experiment. I heard or
actually someone recently shared uh with
me a comment that he told another person
who was asking about the course and he
was telling him this individual he's
he's a he's a doctor and he was he was
telling the person who reached out to
him he said you absolutely need to take
the course and here's the way to think
about it it's a asymmetric reward. You
pay a couple grand for the potential to
make hundreds of thousand. What's the
worst thing that happen? You're out a
couple grand. That's an asymmetric
reward that you should take every single
day on betting on yourself. So, I love
that narrative about betting on
yourself. Invest in yourself. And I'm
probably butchering it because he's more
eloquent than I am, but you know, shout
out to you, Costa. So, thank you for
that. Anyways, let's talk about let's
talk about something that is probably
look, I'm painting this amazing economy
that we're in. I'm talking about how
bullish things are and yet there's this
juxaposition that it's kind of hard to
ignore because everyone keeps talking
about this who's has assets and
everything uh and how good things are
but yet everything is getting more
expensive, right? Everything feels
heavier, weighs more, costs more to do
things, h housing is more expensive, uh
you know, just everything just feels
higher, right? And it's felt like this
for quite some time. And I was listening
to Tony Robbins. I'm assuming you most
of you know who knew know who he is. And
he was he said something that really
impacted me or hit me and I went to look
up to see it was true or not. So what
did he say? He said if you look at where
things are right now and you compared
inflation adjusted on where things have
gone as far as how they've gotten more
expensive or less expensive, pretty much
everything across the board is less
expensive today than what they were in
the past. Pick your year, pick your
decade, whatever. It doesn't matter.
Everything's less expensive except for
three things: housing, education, and
healthcare. And I found that really
interesting because my first thought
was, "Nah, BS. That's not true." Sure
enough, I looked it up. Sure enough,
he's right. And in fact, there's a
little nuance with housing, if you
adjust it for square footage, then
actually housing wouldn't be on that
list either. I I thought that was
interesting because now we live in much
bigger homes than we did back then. And
also remember, you know, depending on
what decade you pick, we haven't had hot
water for that long in houses. Uh AC,
you know, many houses, especially up
Northeast, never had AC. Uh let alone
the square footage and the amenities
that we have. And now we have, you know,
TV and we have Netflix and you don't
have to get up from your couch to order
food, right? There there's so many
things that have gotten better in
quality wise. So it's not just that
things are essentially less expensive
today, inflation adjusted. In fact, the
quality of those things are so much
superior than what they were back then
and the amenities are just so much
better. But the truth is that things
still feel expensive. So, so why is
that? You know, especially when you look
at housing, you look at healthcare, you
look at education. And I have I have a
point of view on this. And here's how I
think about this because a lot of this
is leading towards people thinking that
we need to lean more towards a socialist
economy. that and that's why the
democratic socialists of America are
rising up and I empathize for people who
are who are feeling this way because the
truth is I go out and even I sit there I
look at the price of things I'm like are
you kidding me 15 20 bucks for a drink
that's ridiculous I can make this in my
house for a few bucks less actually you
know you go to a restaurant like you're
spending 100 bucks easy uh you know
although I will say a nice steak steak
restaurants they kind of haven't really
gone up in price uh But things feel more
expensive? I I agree as well. But here's
the the thing that we have to kind of
get a little balanced on.
If you look at where things are right
now, will government help help us? Will
government help uh bring cost down?
Well, I would make the argument against
anyone who thinks that socialism is the
answer and that the big greedy
billionaires and the one trillionaire
that that guy that they're the problem.
What I would argue is well, if you think
about it, they're the ones that are
actually creating all the jobs that help
us get tax revenue so then we can fund
the government so we can pay for things.
And government really doesn't create
jobs or make things better. uh they
might create inefficient jobs. I guess
you could say that. But they're not
creating jobs that are are net positive.
Maybe maybe that's a better way of
saying it. But what I found is that
anytime government touches something, it
gets worse and it gets more inefficient.
It gets more expensive. And so here's a
list of different things that government
got involved in that really weren't
good. So child's health insurance
expansion 2009, it's only gone up in
price. Affordable Care Act, including
Medicare expansion in 2010. As somebody
who is on the verge of of going full
retirement, I'm looking at different
insurance prices and it's awful. It's
ridiculous how expensive it is. You
know, it's it's lit. It's very bad.
There's no good choices out there. Uh
federal takeover of student loans.
Student loans. Oh my goodness. What a
mess. You know, let's let's take a quick
sidebar here. Here's the thing people
don't understand. Government comes in
and they decide, hey, we're going to
back these loans and we're going to
allow students to take out loans so that
they can go and, you know, uh, uh, go to
college and pay for the education
because this is the right equitable
thing to do, right? That's what that's
the narrative. And I would say the heart
is in the right place. But heart without
understanding economics doesn't work. It
will break every single time. And that
empathetic thing you're trying to do
leads to disaster for people in the long
term. So like they say like the the road
to whatever is paved with good
intentions, right? Road to hell is paved
with good intentions. The intention is
good, but it's it's paved road to hell.
Something like that. So what am I what
am I talking about? Well, here's what
happens. Whenever you don't let supply
and demand market forces work themselves
out, that's when things break. So the
government went ahead and gave
essentially loans to anybody who wanted
one, any student who wanted one, and
they would just give it out. And so that
allowed an increased number of students
to be able to go to college, which I'm
not really against. I think it's good to
get educated if you want to get
educated, but because of that, we went
down this route where it was the proper
thing to do. It was the right thing to
do is to go to college, get an education
so you get ahead in life. And we painted
that picture so strongly and we had so
many people go out and get loans that
all of a sudden universities had a
supply demand imbalance. So what do they
do? Well, when you have when you have
too much demand and not enough supply,
you raise prices. Universities are
businesses at the end of the day. So
they raise their prices. And what's the
government do? Well, they keep on just
approving loans. and they keep on
approving loans without any kind of real
limitation on, hey, what's your degree?
Hey, uh, can we guarantee that you're
going to stay here for four years and
then get a job? What's the employment
market look like for that job? There was
no real discretion at on this. And so
this kept happening, right? Get the
loans, go to college, maybe finish,
maybe you don't. Maybe you get a good
degree, maybe you don't. Prices keep
going up. And we kept this little circle
going over and over. Well, this created
artificial
demand and the supply just wasn't there.
So, this is why this broke. And now we
hit a cliff where people are saying
essentially college is unaffordable and
we're sitting here with all this debt
because we told this the right thing to
do. Once again, this is the market
telling people, "Hey, this is the right
way. Invest in the S&amp;P 500, only
withdraw 4%. Options are risky. Go to
college. take out student loan, it'll be
worth it. Right? This again, we we're
just believing what we're fed. We're
we're programmed. We're brainwashed. So,
so again, so, so that's what happens,
right? When you artificially create
demand that's not there and supply isn't
ready to receive it, this breaks things.
All right. What else did the government
screw up? Uh TARP, the bank bailouts,
2009 stimulus, all of that. Why did we
do that? We should have let the markets
do their thing. We should have just let
the markets happen. Yes, it would have
been very very bad, but it would have
been a healthy cleansing that this
country needed. And to be honest, the
people the cor the people who were doing
bad things uh on Wall Street, they
should have been taken the task. They
should have been arrested. They should
have been prosecuted. They should have
done this the right way. Government
stepped in. Screw that up again.
DoddFrank, don't need to tell you about
that. earned income tax credit, SNAP
programs, COVID uh co checks and expand
child tax credit. Uh inflation reduction
act, right? That worked out so good. And
that was in 2022, remember that? Yeah.
Well, that just shot inflation up. Uh
minimum wage above the federal rate,
overtime, labor rules, Obama and Biden
era again. And this isn't a Democrat
attack here. I just want to be very
clear. Uh this is just showing you that
when government touches something, it
doesn't go well. What does government
touch? They touched housing. They touch
health care. And they touch education.
What are the three things Tony Robbins
said, and I should look it up. You can
look it up yourself. He's correct. That
where the inflation actually is where
things have actually gotten more
expensive. Housing, healthcare,
education, government, government,
government. So if you look at it, this
list is or all the programs, all the
things that have happened since 2000. If
you if you honestly think about it,
we've become more of a socialist country
over the last 26 years than we were 26
years ago. So, we've already trended
towards becoming a more of a socialist
country. So, I would argue that we have
become more socialist and a lot of the
problems that we have today are because
of that, because we've had regulation
get in the way, because we haven't let
the free markets be free. And if we had,
we would probably be in a much different
place. Now, I can't guarantee anything.
I can't tell you what would have
happened if we took a different road.
But to argue that we need more
government and that's the cure to all
things being too expensive or feeling
bad or all this, I I push back. I would
say we've already headed that way. And
if anything, we need less. Look at
Austin. Austin's a perfect example. from
23 to 2026, we saw them deregulate like
crazy when it came to housing uh to to
building housing. And instead, what
happened? Housing went up, meaning
supply of housing went up, prices got
driven down. This is the government
getting out of the way. The more
government gets out of the way, the
better. Let's take a look at a couple
examples where private sector actually
outpaced the government. So here you're
these might be a little biased, but
Starlink delivered rural broadband
faster than federal subsidy programs. In
fact, that was a complete failure.
Right? Meanwhile, here's Elon putting up
V3 satellites. Now,
the amount of harm that this actually
did to rural America is is
unquantifiable because instead people
didn't get broadband and they could have
had Starlink this entire time, all these
years. Just think about it. If they just
would have supported buying these $100
terminals, sent it to all these people
in rural America, they would all have
internet like that, it'd be as long as
it takes UPS or Amazon to ship it,
right? That's how long it would have
taken. And then they would have had
connectivity. Meanwhile, you've got this
idea of, well, no, we can't use
satellites. It's not reliable. All this
yada yada yada. sounds like the CEO of
Delta, which man, I got a problem
because I'm a Delta guy and now here I
am with this idiot of a CEO who refuses
to get startling because he's got some
stick up his ass about Elon. Like
ridiculous. Like honestly, Delta and
shareholders, we need to have a vote of
no confidence against the CEO. Uh man,
it's it's so annoying, so frustrating to
see this idiot screw up a such a good
company. Anyways,
SpaceX cutting launch costs, not only
for themselves, but for NASA, for the
government. FedEx and UPS beating out
the postal service. Again, another
government, right? Uh even the private
COVID vaccines. All right. And whether
you however you like about the vaccines,
the mandate I don't agree with, but the
fact that private markets were able to
develop a vaccine so quickly is amazing.
uh private toll roads and bridges are
always built faster than the state
transportation can handle or that they
they can with their projects. Uber
andyft they they solve the problem that
that urban cities and governments
couldn't solve and student cyber caps
will be and then charter schools right
they're often producing better students
and who are more advanced than public
schools. I went to a public school. Now
mind you, I went to a very good public
school, you know, lucky, fortunate that
grew up in the space coast of Florida
where we have a lot of doctors,
engineers, and lawyers who care about
academia and kind of put down their
kids. And I'm not saying that that
guarantees anything. But there's a lot
of public schools out there, let's just
be honest with ourselves, that aren't
good, but private sector schools tend to
be very good. Why? Because you're paid
for performance and you're paid for
results.
So, why am I covering this about
capitalism, socialism? Well, one is, you
know, the nature of this whole channel,
right? Investing against the grain. It's
kind of on the nose, but I also want to
I I I feel like I don't hear enough
people pointing out the obvious, saying,
"Hey, to everyone who thinks that the
answer is more government." Last I
checked, government is creating the
problems that we have. It's not the
billionaires. It's not the one
trillionaire. They're creating jobs.
they are creating deflation in the
economy and we need to have more voices
out there saying it. And so rather than
just sitting there talking to my friends
and family saying like, "Yeah, it's
crazy that people don't understand
this." Like what? Why is it that they
don't understand that government is the
problem and yet they're leaning into
government as the solution? When has
government solved anything? Even our
military, our military is horribly
inefficient, right? Our military can be
so much more efficient. It's amazing
that we have such a strong military.
Just imagine if they would get
efficient. Oh my goodness. We'd be we'd
be by far the best military in the
world. I mean, we already are, but just
imagine where we could be. Anyways, I
want to leave it there. Just trying to
do my part here and trying to spread the
words about why capitalism is amazing
and why we need to get back to letting
the markets work. When people sit there
and push back and say, "Oh, we have a
capitalist country." Listen, our country
has been headed more and more towards
these socialist programs. We've got
social security, Medicare, Medicaid. Uh
it's, you know, Obamacare or the
Affordable Care Act. You can see across
the board that we're a very heavy
socialist country in many regards. Now,
luckily, we still have a huge free
market component. Entrepreneurs still
come here. It's still the best place in
the world to build. But let's not lie to
ourselves and say that we haven't become
more socialist. And so if you have
problems with the way things are, then
look at that. At the end of the day,
government creates inflation. Government
sent out all the checks to everybody.
And while again, the intention was good,
right? It's it's it's a heartfelt
intention. Or maybe everyone's just
trying to buy boats. Who knows? Either
way, the road to hell is paved with good
intentions. And the road to inflation
tends to be paved with good intentions.
And I think the only way we're actually
going to be able to find some some real
measure in all this is if we're honest
and we speak about it and actually stop
blaming capitalism for all the problems
when we've injected so many anti-
capitalism uh markets and and programs
and regulations that literally we're
giving capitalism this brand that it's
not what it is. This we're really not a
capitalist country. We're a capitalist
socialist country at this point and if
we keep leaning towards more and more
socialism, you're going to continue to
see more and more of these problems.
Again, look no further than New York
City and California who really exemplify
these policies. You would think that
everybody would look at these states and
these these cities as examples, yet they
don't. They have this false sense of the
Nordic countries and yet they don't
understand that the Nordic countries
have really repelled a lot of these
socialist ideas to lean more towards
capitalist ideas. Anyways, we'll leave
it there. That's uh it for today. Again,
if you guys want to join the course, you
can find the links down below. Uh
they're filling up quick, so sign up
now. And if you have any questions, feel
free to DM me. Have a great week. Trade
small, trade often. Cheers.