Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why June Could Be BIG For Tesla Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt4a1jnAn-8
Published:   2026-05-28 20:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-28 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We are watching Tesla like hogs here in
Pioneer Lands because big things are
happening with SpaceX of course going
public very likely June 12th maybe not
just even very likely maybe even
guaranteed that will have some impacts
on Tesla but this is not what we are
going to talk about today because I have
been thinking I had a bunch of strategic
videos out on very important topics
including the EI constellation and the
new scaffolding the harness between
cursor SpaceX and the big things are
happening. So we had our strategy
session yesterday but today we are going
to get very tactical because we also
have to make money to keep pioneer lens
growing and the way to make money in
this market is of course by
understanding and predicting Tesla. And
I have a new tactical thesis that I have
become very confident about. I want to
share with you guys today very
spontaneously when we look at Tesla it
looks like we're hitting a local maximum
again and we are running up against this
445 $445
mark that rejected us very harshly twice
before as you can see here on May 11th
we bumped against it and then we tried
again and then I got slaughtered. This
was my worst day here in 2026. So the
question is will this happen again and I
think no. Here is my theory.
When we go back when we go back to the
earnings deck of Tesla from Q1 from Q4
2024 so the earnings before the last
earnings we see some very interesting
things. And what we see here is that in
December, in January, actually in
January 2026, that's only four months
ago, Tesla said the following when they
talked about
the services and robo taxi and their
plans. They published in the earnings,
which is a very official document that
is not Elon just tweeting some stuff
out. This is the entire the entire
compliance team, the finance team, many
other teams, the operational team
sitting there going through investor
relations review, legal review,
everything and said let's say this, why
don't we just say this here? Why don't
we just tell the world that by June 30th
which is exactly in 32 days or 31 that
we will have that we have planned
robo taxi coverage in Las Vegas where we
don't have it right now in Tampa where
we don't have it right now in Orlando
where we don't have it right now in
Miami Phoenix where we don't have it
right now and then of course Houston
Dallas Austin San Francisco Bay Area and
when you make a commitment like that
it's kind of embarrassing to miss it
because this is not just an Elon tweet.
This is the entire company, compliance
department, legal and finance and
operations reviewing this and
greenlighting it 5 months ago. So what
do we think? Were we fooled or is this
going to happen? Now we have some
interesting observations when we for
example look at what the my favorite my
second favorite Joe in the world Joe
Techmire
is telling us every single day. It is
this here. It is a bunch of cyber caps
going onto the parking lot and leaving
the parking lot every single day. Maybe
it's every second day. We don't know
exactly, but every second day or
something, we get photos from Joe's
amazing drones
that tell us the exact status of the
Austin Gigafactory. And that was just
yesterday. This is from May 27th, 2026.
When you look at your calendar, you will
notice we are today on May 28th. So that
was indeed yesterday. And they're
churning these out. And of course, you
also observed many other things here.
They produce all these amazing Cyber
Trucks and Model Y's. That is of less
interest to me. But you see the Cyber
Caps rolling around. And we also have
more evidence when we go to the Tesla
News Wire, also an amazing channel. and
Chris Dear Dorf Deer Dorf who saw this
in Dallas. This is in Dallas, Texas,
which
if you don't know, Texas is not Austin.
It is a different city, a very large
city where Tesla has unsupervised Model
Y testing the streets, but they are also
lining up all these cyber caps. How can
that be? They're lining up all the cyber
caps and they're also recruiting and
hiring all these jobs for robo taxi
oversight and management all across the
country and that is very very
interesting and it's an indicator that
something is going on you know and
that's something when we connect these
dots and think really hard as greedy
little traders what does that all mean?
Look at this for example. This was
posted by Tesla Yoda. Also yesterday,
yesterday a little before, you know,
roughly 10 hours before Joe Techm had
all these observations with his drones
of the cyber caps, Tesla Yoda posted
this that Tesla is looking for an AI
safety operator in Belleview,
Washington, in Reno, Nevada, in Utah, in
Tennessee, in Tennessee, in
Pennsylvania, in New York, in New
Jersey. And it doesn't even end. It goes
on and on and on. They look for it in
Kansas, in Georgia, in Texas, District
of Columbia, Louisiana, Maryland,
Missouri, North Carolina. What is going
on? Something big is going on. And when
we then connect these dots and look
again at the Q1 Q4 2024 earnings report,
it crystallizes in my little mind that
Tesla will not like to miss these
deadlines and has now lined up all these
little cyber caps
which makes it in my opinion likely much
more likely than not that something will
happen in June. By the way, June also
randomly happens to be the month where
this whole thing launched. Yeah, last
year. So, it's exactly one year after
the launch. So, it all lines up. Okay.
What am I saying here? Am I saying we
are unleashing a wave of tens of
thousands of cyber caps? Of course not.
We don't have tens of of thousands, but
we have hundreds. We have hundreds. We
have hundreds of cyber caps. In case you
didn't count them, I did. I don't know
the exact number, but we have over 200
cyber caps in the wild now. 200 serially
produced cyber caps. Okay, they're in
the wild. They have been deployed. They
have reached their destinations. However
they reached them, good question. How
did they even get there? Who knows?
Maybe they drove themselves. Okay, and
if I connect all these dots and connect
it with SpaceX IPO that I will think
that I would estimate will boost Tesla
stock too because there's no doubt that
the SpaceX IPO was engineered in a way
where the IPO is a buy. The stock will
go up. I do think it will crash a little
bit later. That's why I'm not
necessarily in this whole thing. But
when you look at the IPO June 12th and
then the integration into the index
funds or in the indic indices and then
the index funds having to buy that
that's all happening in relatively short
order. So June will be bullish. Hey on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. The merger
talks have reurfaced
which means everyone is now thinking
about the merger and thinking about if
SpaceX goes super high it's probably
oneonone merger. No one knows that but
there will be some effects on Tesla
stock. What does that all mean for me?
Plus Iran is clearly over as I said a
million times. So it means for me we are
entering into a month of June where the
macro environment in my opinion has
stabilized.
Of course we have to watch that hour by
hour. This is a dangerous operation I'm
going to present to you not right now,
but it's a potentially very profitable
operation. Every time you see multiple
very big things converging, you have to
think of them as basian layers, basian
probability layers. The fact that we
have an outsized chance that cyber cap
will be deployed in June in any number I
think dozens at least is an enormous
kind of half halfart catalyst. There is
just no way in hell
or in heaven that Tesla stock will not
go up. I'm not saying it will double,
but I'm saying this will force the stock
five or 10% up if we see a significant
thing. Potentially much more, but let's
say 5 to 10%. It is not my big Joe
catalyst where I think there's a
repricing to 600 or something, but it's
something there's just no way that we
are not going up 10% or something. Okay,
that means
the probability this happens is high. If
it happens, it's pretty much guaranteed
it has a very strong catalytic
short-term effect on the stock. Plus, we
have SpaceX is a little more risky what
it exactly means, but it's much more
likely that it's positive on Tesla
stock. So, we have a second huge
catalyst. We have the Optimus fantasies.
I'm a little skeptical on it, but in
theory, Optimus should come and be
presented in August or July, somewhere
around there. Another catalyst. Plus,
the market seems a little derised right
now. What does that mean? It means I'm
getting very very bullish. I'm getting
very tactically bullish on a short-term
move. But what does that mean? What do
we do about it? Do we buy more stock?
No. I hate buying stocks. I already have
enough stocks. If I buy stocks, it's on
margin. It's annoying. It's expensive.
It's very hard to buy a lot of stocks on
margin. Depending what the lot is, but
it's hard. Do I buy call options? Call
options are insanely expensive. I looked
at LEAPS. I don't like it at all. I
looked at midterm call options for a
very tactical operation. They cost too
much money. This is stupid if I have to
spend so much money on the call options.
So, I'm defaulting back to my favorite
go-to strategy, which is short puts. But
this time, we can get a little more
aggressive, a little bit more into the
money and say, can we load up on short
puts? Obviously, we are taking risks
here because you know that shortputs are
the best probability optimizer
because you get paid for nothing
happening. You get even paid when you're
wrong. You only lose money when you're
very wrong. The problem is if I load up
on shorts, let's say 450
month runtime, you get nearly 30 bucks
for this. Can you even imagine? $8
intrinsic value and you get paid 28 or
something crazy. So here the crazy
premiums pay in our like work in our
favor because we can actually keep them
because we're not buying, we're selling.
So that is what I'm thinking about and
what I like about the situation is here
we have a situation
that very likely if Tesla starts moving
against me on this trade that I would
have sufficient confidence to double
down and stay in the trade because I
think my thesis is sound. So if he would
drop to 220 which uh 420 420 which would
hurt me 410 would be very violent but 4
420 430 I could probably survive that
and stay in the trade and say no that's
to be expected I will hold through it
and if this works we would have if that
trade works we are talking about a 10 to
20%
percentage point alpha over Tesla which
would be huge. So if Tesla goes to 490
or something to 450 450 460 that's all I
need. I just need Tesla to go to 460. So
what I'm constructing here is a thesis
that is a month-long thesis. Beautiful
dangerous and beautiful. That's how I
like my trades. Beautiful and dangerous.
So 450 shortp put strike price go a
little strong in generate massive
advantages over Tesla and then see what
happens. If Tesla comes out above 430, I
win. If it comes out above 450, I
totally win. If Tesla goes to 490, my
alpha shrinks a little bit. Like, of
course, I make a lot of money, but then
the alpha is relatively lower because
Tesla goes so high. So, ideal. And then
I can still adapt the trade. As you can
imagine, if Tesla really goes on a mega
run, I have to double down. But the
initial win would be already huge. So,
in short, I have high conviction that
June will be good. High conviction June
will be good if like market willing.
Okay, that's how you say it. I have high
conviction June will be very good for
Tesla. Market willing but I think market
is willing and we have to watch this
very closely. When you have conviction
like that, what do you do? Ideally, you
go into a probabilistically positive
trade like in the money short puts that
still give you 10, 15, 20, 20 or $20
buffer to the downside and then can go
relatively heavy. You have to have exit
plans when something goes wrong. You
need to get out of this if something bad
happens.
But that's my plan. So now you know what
I think and how I execute it. Here I can
show you this share price. We bumped
against these four 45 twice were
rejected. I think this time is
different. And you can also when you
zoom out by the way see the trend line
from here from the lows of 20126 and
April 8th we are on this trend line
looking pretty healthy. Don't want to be
a stock astrologer here but just
basically this looks pretty healthy.
Okay it looks like we are breaking
through. It also coincides with my core
thesis that we hitting 490 again very
soon. This could all happen in June. So,
I'm going go going in a little heavy. I
already did this today. I might go in a
little heavier. If we drop a little bit
more and then we go from there. So,
there you have my game plan for June as
it stands today. Of course, subject to
change any second, but for now, this is
a good thesis. So, keep watching this
whole thing, keep watching the cyber
caps being rolled out and keep visiting,
of course, Pioneer Lands where Pioneer
Lands Daily, our new publication and
website, is taking more and more shape.
Look at this beautiful thing that we
built with the best news flow in the
world on the pioneer alpha thesis the
age of AGI all the things that are
happening with Starship across all news
sources in the world where we basically
cover this whole all rewritten very
nicely by our AI to actually aggregate
and interpret this stuff. We have also
amazing stuff coming up here. I showed
it to the community on Sunday. We have
the whole knowledge graph evolving.
That's only for citizens of course but
here you will see the advanced models
that we are building where we see
basically for space here you see
basically the whole story of AGI
evolving and we track it in real time we
are building then the models for example
for space the entire space deployment
model launch cost cost forecast the AI
buildout elasticity launch cost how will
AI build out in space evolve as a
function of launch cost a compute
buildout ramp rate right what is the
total compute built out bottlenecks and
then terrestrial AI buildout and total
AI buildout. So we can track what the
actual core hardcore build out of all
the hyperscalers will look like as a
function of earth and space and then we
go into all these things. Here's rootex
here of course where we will have all
these timelines while we are working on
them. We will see the cost of goods
sold. We see the margins. We see all
these things and that is our secret
weapon here to predict the future and
model it all out. So that is all on the
beautiful pioneer lens daily the most
important publication of pioneer lens
and I hope that is interesting you can
watch this join here it's free if you
want to be a citizen you can become a
citizen see the research research is not
there yet we refining it we are building
the system as we speak we have the
research but it's not implemented yet so
you see we are not lazy that's why I'm
sometimes a little distracted but of
course making sure we are milking
the Tesla cow while it grows is very
important. So, I hope that was
interesting and see you