Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How Much Worth Is Tesla Robotaxi?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOg0C_PhtPU
Published:   2026-08-27 17:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-27 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today is modeling time. And I don't mean
catwalks. And I don't mean fashion, I
mean financial models. And I refer to
our new robo taxi simulator model. That
model tells us how much worth robo taxi
as a division of Tesla is for the share
price even all the way down to the
discounted cash flow value of that
revenue stream. and I will explain
exactly how it works. We start with a
look at Tesla today at 35297.
Of course, absolutely ridiculously
undervalued for anyone who believes in
the greater Tesla story. And I know the
mockery is always loud for the Tesla
bulls, but we have been at 485 all-time
high December 18th roughly. And we are
down by a lot. Even year to date, we are
still down an unbelievable 22% even
though we have tremendous progress with
Cyber Cap launch coming up very soon,
September 3rd. And today we are going to
look into this new model that you can
get in pioneerance.org.
The model is right here. Let's get
started. Go to pioneerance.org. If
you're a citizen, you can access this
model, download it, and edit everything
yourself. So you see how this works.
Okay. How do we approach the value of
robo taxi? Very simple. We have base
economics input here. And this model you
know we took good care that this model
makes sense. It is a derivative of our
greater Tesla model. Tesla stock price
model that you also find in the
investment research section of
pioneerlands.org also for download. So
you can do your own share price and
scenario modeling. But this is the
subset of the model that looks at robo
taxi. So let me explain how this works.
Okay, here we have the economic inputs.
You can all the blue numbers are
editable by you. So you can use your
base rate per ride. We did some
research. Of course, currently it's fake
news that the base rate is $1 per mile
or the the price is $1. There is a base
rate currently to the best of our
knowledge end of August $3 base rate and
then approximately $1 a mile. It's
actually $140 in one report. But we are
aggressive here and assume Tesla goes
all in into disrupting this right share
market brutally at $1 per mile which is
very conservative estimates because they
could go higher. So you can edit this if
you get more news right if you know more
you can just change the numbers. Then we
have a 5mm average right length. Okay.
And then we calculate very quickly and
easily the effective revenue per mile.
Okay. The effective per mile average
price Tesla gets which is a very
important number. We have then the
input. How many miles paid miles per
robo taxi per day do you get in average?
200 miles paid. So depending on the
empty rates it's probably 300 miles in
total that you have to drive for that.
assuming you have to get from passenger
to passenger. I think a little less than
that, probably 250 or something because
robo taxi should be much more efficient
than a human-driven thing because they
can just be wherever the passengers are,
calculate optimized routes, and they
don't have to go to work all the long,
you know, the long rides towards work.
They don't have to take lunch breaks and
and right to a restaurant to eat. They
only need electrons for food and they
get it at night. So here you have
operating days per year which is very
important right 330 operating days. So
we give them a very very it's like
basically European vacation time here.
You get 35 days off for the robo taxi
for the cyber cap. So they can book a
flight, go on an island, chill, drink
margaritas at the beach after their hard
work of 330 days a year. So these robo
taxis could get their own island you
know and do and vacation there for 35
days. The robo taxi cogs. Of course,
this is a very difficult to assess
number, but we have a good model. And
this 65 cents per mile is I should
actually do this here per mile. This is
actually very important and very
conservative. 65 cents per mile is a
pretty conservative assumption because
that goes into scale. So these numbers
are fixed. The model is simplistic in
that sense that you know at 160,000 robo
taxes we have the same cogs as with
2,000 which is not accurate but it's an
approximation. and the reality will be
probably better for the valuation. And
that calculates then the black numbers
are calculated 59% gross margin for
every dollar made you keep 59 opx uh as
a percent of revenue. That's important.
the operating expenditures of that
division. And then we have a PE
multiple. That thing is also that is you
know something you can definitely assess
yourself. What is the price to earnings
multiple for the robo taxi division in
your valuation? But given the high
growth we have here 200x is probably
quite conservative and the market will
probably value it higher. This is not
that important this number. How many we
have right now? Now before we go into
the actual model we also have
assumptions here. Uh these assumptions
are very important. How many diluted
shares do we have? 3.1 billion. What is
the effective tax rate? Because we are
calculating discounted cash flow here.
So this is a little geeky. You don't
have to change anything. We did good
research. 17.5% tax rate is actually the
right tax rate. In our opinion, there
are some experts confirming that current
share price of course Tesla gap net
income of 2025 because as you will see,
we will provide a multiple. So you can
see how much of the 2025 net income.
What is the multiple robo taxi alone
brings in into Tesla? And that multiple
is based on that number here 3.45
billion. We have a discount rate for the
discounted cash flow calculation for the
exact share price or true value for the
present value 9% also something Damo
Daran he's the valuation expert at NYU
confirms that roughly 10.1529%
roughly discount rate here very
important robo taxi vehicle cost how
much does it cost to manufacture one
cyber cap we assume $16,000 which is in
the beginning not true it will be closer
to 30,000 at very low rates right now
probably and then we'll go to probably
below 16,000 at scale. So if you want
you can increase that if you want to be
more conservative but in the millions
this is going to be not more than 16,000
I'm very sure about that. Then we have
fleet growth beyond 2030 for the
discounted cash flow model. We need that
2031 to 2035. We assume 30% growth which
is very conservative. Uh terminal price
earnings value. These are all geeky
things to compute the DCF. Our DCF is
calculated based on the next 10 years of
discounted cash flows and then we add a
terminal value and the terminal value is
not calculated in the conventional
discounted cash flow model way because I
think this is an inappropriate way that
distorts reality too much. It's not
market reality. So we what we do is we
are assuming we sell the entire company
Tesla or in this case the entire robo
taxi division. Of course, we're not
going to sell it, but it's just to give
you a value in 2035. We take the net
earnings, net income of 2035, and
multiply it with that number, 30x.
Pretty conservative given that we have a
200 price earnings right now, but we
assume for 30x you sell the company,
discount that number back, and add it to
the discounted cash flow. And we have a
probability of success. This is one of
my favorites here. Normally, that is
contained in the discount rate, but I
like to be a little conservative and say
our assumptions. What are the odds we
are wrong? What are the odds all of this
doesn't happen? 20% in this case. So the
risk of total failure is 20%, which is
conservative. And which means we
multiply this final value by 80% because
that's the actual probability. So we
discount it even further. Okay, now we
have it. Now you don't even have to
understand all of that. But if you want,
it's also in the Pioneer Academy where I
have a video coming up over the weekend
where I explain this in more detail. But
for you guys, you just want to know the
outcome, right? We will get to your
number. We will get to the number that
tells you exactly what the current
discounted cash flow value of the robo
taxi division is as a share price. You
probably have seen it on the thumbnail
but we will get there. I will explain.
So most important for the model here you
can enter the amount of robot taxis in
thousand in cyber caps. Think in cyber
caps it's all cyber caps from here on
now out. The amount of cyber caps that
will be live. You might say 2,000. to
2,000 end of the period end of Q3. We
only have 1 month to go. We only have
September to go. You might say, "Joe,
you're nuts. 2,000 Cyber Caps live
within the next 30 days. You're crazy."
And you might be right. I did this on
purpose. If you want, and you say, "This
is ridiculous. It's going to be only
0.3.
It's only going to be 300, 200. Let's
say 200." Sure, we can do that. Let me
adjust this. We can do this. and it's
going to be 200 cyber caps live by the
end of September. Maybe you even say
that is optimistic. I don't think so. We
will see much more. I think that number
is too conservative, right? And you see
some changes here, but I will explain in
a second how this works. I assume and
that's why we have the model. That's why
you can go to pioneerens.org and
download this model. 10,000 cyber caps
by end of this year. I stick to my
original prediction where everyone said,
"Joe, you're crazy. Maybe they're still
saying I'm crazy, but I'm still sticking
to it because the reason I said this is
Cyber Cap production ramp and all the
actions we see Tesla taking. And when I
triangulate all these different leading
indicators, I'm getting still to over
10,000 end of the year. Maybe I'm wrong.
I don't even care if I'm wrong because
then I will be right a quarter later.
This doesn't even matter. But I do think
I'm sticking to 10,000. But this is the
beauty of the model. You can say, Joe,
you're crazy. 5,000. Okay. And you
change it to 5,000, right? The whole
model is of course dynamic. Once we hit
that trajectory, then we just grow. Hey,
on this channel, we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. It's very
simple. I think we grow to 20,000 end of
Q1, 30,000 end of Q2, next year, 45,000
end of Q3, and 60,000 end of 2027.
Actually 50,000 is our assumption in the
base model but here it's 60,000 and you
can change this whatever however you
want. Now since we have the whole model
set up it then calculates for you okay
the average fleet earning during the
period here is a comma missing. So you
see that in in these numbers and you see
then robo taxi revenue in period in
millions of dollars. So we have $9
million here earned if we have 200 life
based on these inputs, right? And we
have $4 million net after taxes. So
these these are after tax earnings. But
then you see it grows very quickly and
it grows to a billion in that period
earnings in Q3 2027 which is pretty
significant and $420 million in after
tax earnings. And what you see here is
the annualized earnings run rate. That
is maybe the most important number that
tells you what is the annualized run
rate of after tax income. And what you
see is you hit the billion dollars of
annualized earnings run rate already of
earnings run rate already in Q2 2027
here 1.12 billion that is just
calculated at this thing here times 4
because that's the quarterly this is
times four and this number very
important. Now you see the percentage
this is very important for you guys.
This is very important if you're
interested in stock price. You see now
the percentage of total Tesla 2025
earnings. Okay, let me explain. Given
all these inputs here, which are
partially pretty conservative at 10,000
robo taxis by the end of this year,
Tesla will already make as an annualized
run rate this number 7% 7 of its entire
corporate earnings of 2025 through robo
taxi. And more importantly, it grows
from 7% to 19% within a single quarter
and then hits nearly 100% nearly doubles
the entire earnings as a run rate end of
2027. That is why Roboex is so
important. Of course, this is all a
function of these numbers. Will they
have tens of thousands life? The critics
say no. But anyone who thinks in first
principles and sees the leading
indicators knows of course they will.
What do you think they're doing all day
long? What do you think? They're
preparing a giant billions and billions
of dollars infrastructure and make it
hot, make it life, print these cyber
caps September 3rd, launch them. So you
must be in complete denial if you think
the growth rate of robo taxi will be the
same as we saw in that first year going
back to June 10th, 2025. Of course, we
are now making exponential progress. Of
course, this is happening. Now, is it
happening exactly this way? Could it
happen faster? Yes. Could it happen
slower? Yes. But could it happen in a
very linear way where these numbers stay
in the hundreds? No, that is not
possible. It is not possible. Could it
be 5,000 end of the year? Could it be
2,000 end of the year? Absolutely. I
think it could be 2,000 end of the year,
not 10,000. But if it's 2,000 end of the
year, then it's 10,000 here and then
it's 20,000 here. It just shifts it all
one quarter to the right. Doesn't really
matter in the large scheme of things.
Let's continue. What am I doing here?
This is the important thing. Okay, this
is the important thing you have to watch
because what I'm doing here in this row,
I'm calculating how much this adds based
on the price earnings ratio to the
current share price. And of course, here
it only adds $1, not a lot. Here it adds
$14. Here it adds $42. Here it adds $70.
Here it adds $105. So, it's getting very
serious. Here in Q3 2027, maybe even in
Q2 2027. But here's the thing. Here's
why I decided to change this a little
bit. What we have to do, because when it
comes to Wall Street, things are always
forwardlooking.
No one, not even the dumbest little
skeptic, will do it this way. They're
not going to sit there and say, "Well,
the actual earnings, the actual earnings
that came in here are 230 million, okay?
Therefore, I increase stock price by 14
bucks." No one is going to do that
because everyone who sees there's actual
cash after tax earnings, $230 million
rolling in, they are not going to not
project out what's going to happen next.
No one is going to do this. Even the
most conservative person is not going to
do that. They are going to do one year
ahead looking ahead. They're going to
say, "Dude, we need to have at least a
one-year projected share price target,
you know." And that's exactly what we
are doing here. So in this row, we are
going one year ahead here. F30. You can
basically see this. So in Q3, we are
basically looking at Q4 or Q2 2027 and
see if this happens. Okay, if we have
200. Of course, you can argue will they
really do it at 200? They will do it
latest at 10,000. I tell you, they will
say, okay, let's go one year ahead and
see what that means. And that means $70
added to the share price in my opinion.
And based on the current share price, I
think this share price is actually not
live updated. We will change that in
this model. here in the assumptions the
share price is outdated I think no it's
actually live okay we have a live share
price so here is basically the share
price assuming this would be added to
the share price it's a little inaccurate
because of course robo taxi is baked to
some extent into the share price but you
could argue robo taxi is baked into the
share price in a way that ignores this
trajectory right now as you can prove
based on where the share price is right
now so I think it's a reasonable
argument to argue that comes on top of
the current share price and that would
get you to 421. See, it's live updating.
So, 421 and by end of the year, as I
said, all-time highs this year, very
likely end of the year or Q1 2027, just
on this extremely conservative
assumption here, you're getting to
all-time highs if we do this. Now, I
want to just make one thing very clear
here. This model is as conservative as
it gets. Okay, this assumes people are
literally waiting for the dough to roll
in. $230 million in after tax earnings
from Roboaxi growing at some massive
rate. 100% per quarter right now. 100%
per quarter. 230 million rolling in.
They are not going to value the stock
like this at 10,000. It will be much
higher in my opinion. These numbers tell
you what they have to do. what any
responsible most conservative analyst
who understands anything about future
trajectories even if they're the most
skeptical that's what they have to do.
So that is the minimum minimum forcing
function. That's very important to
understand the minimum forcing function
and that is why this model is so
valuable. This is a super conservative
model using DCF and using a price
earnings ratio at 200x very conservative
given these insane growth rates we
assume here that I think are realistic.
Okay, finally just for fun since we have
all the data here we have all the data
here we have it actually in this tab.
This is the basis for what I'm saying
next. So this is quite a sophisticated
discounted cash flow model looking today
into 2035. to exactly 10 years and then
adding as I mentioned before the 30x
multiple on the earnings of 2035 and
discounting it back to today and adding
it to these 10 years discounted cash
flow. So you have basically terminal
value assumption plus the next 10 years
of discount cash flow. You can look it
all up on this tab. I'm not going to go
into the details here. Go to the Pioneer
Academy to learn more. But here is the
number we are looking at. Let me explain
this number. This number is why I'm so
bullish on Tesla under these
assumptions. 43902
or $440.
$440
is the present value. The present
discounted value including a 20% risk of
failure priced in. Okay. Including the
assumption that we have a 20% chance
that all of this doesn't happen without
it. 548. By the way, this is before it's
risk discounted. The present value of
what is $440, not of Tesla. The present
value of Robo Taxi alone is $440
today fully discounted back. In other
words, if you would just give me Robo
Taxi and forget about Optimus, forget
about Energy, forget about Terrafab,
forget about the entire rest of the
company, the real value, the real
present value of Robo Taxi is $440,
$125%
more than the entire company is right
now. And that is why I'm very very
bullish. Now, we have this model for you
for all the citizens of Pioneer Lands.
So, you can put in your own assumptions.
You can say, you know what, 800,000 robo
taxes by 2030. I think that's crazy
because it should be 10 million or maybe
it's crazy because it should be 100,000.
Whatever your assumption is, put it in
and you will see the difference, right?
And if you change that number, uh the
assumptions take it from there. 30%
growth rate from there, right? And so
you see here you end up at 800 that is
taken from the sheet from the robo taxi
simulator sheet here. And then you
basically multiply that number with 1.3
with the growth rate and it adds that
here. So in this model we getting to 3
million robo taxis by 2035 which I think
is like very reasonable. I would bet
against that to the upside. I would say
we will have more than 3 million
deployed by 2035. But let's see. So this
model is yours. You can do whatever you
want with it just to get a feel for
where that stock is. Why is this so
important? Because when we look at a
crazy stock like Tesla that behaves
really weird all the time, you have seen
it all. Why are we dramatically below
all-time highs? Why are we down 21%
year to date? And that's not even from
all-time highs. We are probably down 25
30% from all-time highs. Why? And the
answer is no one knows. But what do we
know is if robo taxi is that valuable
and we have it under control with our
models, we can say Tesla has to get to
that reference trajectory sooner or
later and it will very likely be
exuberant when it crosses that reference
trajectory. The Tesla model at Pioneer
Lens Basy has also our latest annual or
real fair value right now and the price
target for end of the year. I'm not
going to go into that in this video, but
I hope this was interesting. Go to
pioneerens.org, check out the model and
play around with it so you see what is
happening here. And of course, this is
version 1.0.
You are always welcome to go to the
office hours in the academy. So in the
Pioneer Academy, also on paneerance.org,
or you click on academy there is office
hours and you can always ask your
questions about the model and I will
respond once a week go through all the
questions sometimes summarize them and
answer all the questions so let's do it
pioneers we go from here and we win big
see you tomorrow.