Channel:     futureaza
Title:       TSLA Robotaxi App hits EU, Cybercab Wireless Advances & a TON of great &/or silly  news
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSORlsJHV9g
Published:   2026-10-05 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-05 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Monday, October 5th. It is time to
get into the news. There is a lot of
news to cover. If this is your first
time here, what we do is we screen
through all the headlines and then
address the chat afterwards. So, if you
have comments, if you have questions, if
you have concerns, raise them. They can
be addressed. Welcome everybody. Uh, and
good Monday of course to all who
celebrate. So, what we've got here is uh
Tesla moving forward on wireless
charging for vehicles. Tesla's moved its
wireless charging efforts for its
electric vehicles forward with a new
patent published today, one that it
submitted back in March. The patent
describes a system for detecting foreign
objects on the pad. So, we're not going
to cook any kitty cats. That's a good
idea, I suppose. And if you look at
these schematics, oh my gosh, that is a
schematic. Uh yeah, the present uh
disclosure relates to methods and
systems that can reliably detect foreign
object on a wireless charging pad under
varying temperatures. In some examples,
an object dete detector can utilize a
set of inductive coils included in
resonant tanks, etc. Very exciting
stuff. You love to see it. If you missed
it somehow,
the numbers are out. The Q3 production
and deliveries. Uh, I'm going to have to
resize that because that doesn't look
good at all. Model 3 and Y, uh, strong
numbers. Other models very,
very weak numbers for a total of good
numbers. 486532 is a very good quarter.
Up substantially quarter over-arter down
only 2% from last year. Oh my gosh,
they're down from a year over a year
ago. Yes, that was when the IRA credit
was expiring. You guys, you got to you
got to let me know. It is uh what are we
talking about here? Everybody went out
and bought a car in Q3 because the IRA
was expiring. Quick question for y'all.
When was the last time you paid these
prices? Uh, I'm curious. I did not get
in on anything under a dollar during the
lockdown. Um, I know I paid a buck seven
in the late 90s. I know I paid a buck
seven a lot in the early 90s. When was
the last time you paid these prices?
Because you're paying less than that for
electricity on a per mile basis. Let me
know in the comments. Harold shared a
good one with me. Robo taxi app in
Austria in the Google Play Store in
German. Thank you Tesla. I'm now
drowning in my spittle with appetite to
use it. Great work. Hope the shiny
golden robot cars enter this country
soon. But first, FSD might take some
time still. So that's, you know, weird.
That's great. That's exciting. Thank
you, Harold, for sharing that. Elon Musk
slashes memory requirements for Tesla's
AI5 chip by half to 72 gigabytes and AI6
by a third to 144, but says the
performance of Optimus won't be
affected. Now, there's likely two things
going on here. One is that memory has
gotten very expensive.
It's gotten so expensive that I can't
afford to pay attention. That's my
memory problem is that uh uh but the
other part of it is they've likely found
a way to run it more efficiently. So
that the claim that it's not going to
affect things based on the old spec
requirements is quite possibly true. But
we don't know. AI5 and 6 are getting a
memory downgrade. For the benefit of
those who might not be aware, Tesla
intends to use AI 5 and six uh for its
FSD geared compute stack and the Optimus
humanoid robot.
Now, we got uh some bad news. I'm going
to make that a little bigger cuz it's
hard to see. Final
the limiting factor video. Normally, um
I last about three years before I get
bored with the job and I managed to make
it six years with this channel. I could
have kept going a bit longer, but the
monetary signal was telling me either I
wasn't producing useful content anymore
or that people's interests had moved on.
Algorithm changes also played a big
part. Thank you to all the people who
directly supported the channel. I never
would have gone fulltime or lasted this
long without that support. Now I'm
moving on to work with the team at
Rebellionaire Jordan Kisiki, former uh
fellow Rebellionaire Lion. That's Jordan
in case you didn't know who I was
talking about. Uh so uh it's really hard
you guys. What we do is really hard. A
lot of people think that just because
you can see us in your homes on a
regular basis every week, every month,
every day, sometimes twice that we're
automatically rich and powerful and
successful. A lot of people are. That is
a reasonable conclusion when a channel
exceeds a certain size. Eh, not always.
And you know, maybe if he'd have put out
a thing a month ago saying, "Look, this
isn't working. Can you guys help me?"
Maybe people would have stepped up, but
maybe he was just done. Either way, a
real loss to the community. A lot of
channels have not made it. And uh the
field of analysis is getting narrower.
That's unfortunate.
So, uh with that said, you can still
subscribe over here if you like. You can
also support me. make sure my burnout is
more prolonged than it would otherwise
be. A new Tesla patent application has
been published for a wireless charging
system. This is back to the wireless
thing. This uh explains it a little
better. Perhaps different drawings. I
didn't realize I split these two uh
split these two up, but I did. Even when
I went through my notes this morning, I
didn't catch it. Hey, X Takeover this
week. I know a lot of folks are already
in Austin for this. Uh there's going to
be non-stop events pretty much from
today onward. Meetups, uh official
things, unofficial things, all kind of
stuff. If you're going to be there in
town, even if you don't have a ticket,
the check it out. There's a whole lot
going on. And if you need to find those
groups, let me know. I can probably help
you find them. Uh but this is going to
be great. So, I'll be leaving
I'd say Wednesday morning, but my
flight's at 5:30 a.m. So, really, it's
going to be like at uh I'll I'll be
leaving my house at 2:30 a.m. as one
does. Uh usually when they've had an
argument, I don't know. How's the stock
doing? Fine. It's doing great. Couple of
up days since the since the uh
production delivery numbers came out.
There's a gentleman who loves to come in
every time the stock is down and go,
"Oh, it never goes up." When it goes up,
I don't know, maybe he's on the beach a
sipping pin coladas. Ford CEO says it's
too late for Europe to fend off Chinese
automakers,
but not for the US. I mean, we got this,
do you, Jim? It's too late for Europe to
fend off an influx of Chinese automakers
in the region, but the US still has time
to be considerate about its decision.
Farley's comments come as Ford tries to
compete against Chinese automakers in
Europe while also partnering with some
Chinese companies on technology to fill
plants. Uh hey uh guys uh I get a lot of
comments about about China. Uh people
saying, "Oh, the Canada is making a
mistake letting them in." You know,
there's still tariffs on them. Uh Europe
never should have let them in. Europe
didn't let them in. Europe is just a
continent. They buy things. They trade.
They put huge tariffs on Chinese autos.
The kind of tariffs that once upon a
time would keep you out entirely, but
they're very efficient with their
manufacturing. They're able to bring
costs down. Their supply chain is very
short and direct. You can't keep them
away forever. The 100% tariffs we're
doing are not enough. uh they would
still arrive at those 100% tariff levels
if things don't go um any better in the
US. You are given all this free time,
Jim. All this free time to get your
stuff sorted out and you still haven't
done it. The Fathom is supposed to come
out for 28,500.
It will not. Mark them words. They might
sell a dozen at that price, but that's
the wrong price. You can't make the
truck for 285, let alone sell it, let
alone at a margin. Now, they did sell
some of those 399 Lightnings, allegedly.
I've never seen one, nor heard of one,
nor met anyone who knows someone who got
one, and I know a lot of people. So, you
got to get your own stuff sorted out.
You cannot stop the rising floodwaters.
Plan accordingly.
Ford just gave up more than 150,000
sales to build its new budget EV. That's
not good. What do you mean gave up
sales? How do you give up 150,000 sales?
Well, because we have to build the
Fathom somewhere. We're telling you
where it's being built. And instead of
building cars that we were actually
selling, the now discontinu discontinued
Ford Escape and its more expensive
Lincoln sibling, the Corsair. Really?
you were making it as a Corsair u to
free up space at the Lurville plant
though that was done to make room for
the new $30,000 Fathom Electric. We're
still months away from seeing the fruits
of the new platform. Though in the
meantime, Ford dealers are seeing fewer
customers walk through the door, a lot
of whom would have driven away in one of
those crossovers. See, that's the trick,
isn't it? You're going to remove two
vehicles that you were selling at a
gross margin and replace it with
something you're going to sell at a
loss.
That, my friend, is a death spiral. I
don't know what you're thinking. Ford
had sold 114,000 Escapes and 19,000
Corsair's by this part of the year last
year. That's where the 130,000 figure
comes from. Most of them in Q1 and two.
The leftovers were still plentiful. The
deficit of nearly 100,000 units so far
this year. The clock is still ticking
because the fathom isn't out.
Oh, Ford. Hey, do you know Cadillac is
returning to Georgia through partnership
with Lynx Motors? Wait, Lynx Motors?
Isn't that a Chinese company? What do
you mean? Cadillac is making its
official return to the country of
Georgia. Okay, that that makes more
sense. Thank you. Uh marking another
overseas expansion for the luxury
marquee. An announcement posted to
social media this week. Uh Rory Harvey
said that the brand is poised to
re-enter the Georgian market. It's
distribution. It's their dealer network.
Uh, and these are the real Cadillacs.
These are the western market Cadillacs.
These aren't, you know, some Chinese
versions of it. These are the ones
the ones that uh people think of when
they think of a of a Cadillac. Speaking
of General Motors, Mary Bar says, "I'm
done making predictions,
but we're going to have fully
self-driving cars in 2028. We got
autonomy on lock, baby. Unlock.
Oh my gosh, that is the hugest.
Thank you for that tremendously terrible
banner. And now you've paywalled. Was
there
was there during my prep?
Anyway, uh you get the idea. I'm done
making predictions.
Fortune. What a garbage rag to heck with
you. Uh, Rivian pushes R2 LAR autonomy
tech for customers out to 2027.
Rivian's been saying that they would
have pointto-point city street
everywhere you go kinds of navigation by
the end of this year. That is not going
to happen on the customer side. They
don't have the LAR in the vehicle. I'd
be very frustrated as an early R2 buyer
that I'm paying for autonomy, that I'm
wanting autonomy, and that they're not
even putting the correct hardware in
according to them. Um, but
where do we start? I'd love to have an
opportunity to discuss autonomy with
Rivian. If they if their engineers are
handy, let me know.
Uh, Rivian introduced its third gen
autonomy hardware, the RAP one chip last
December. The system is rated at 1,600
tops and is designed to work with LAR on
the R2. But is it going to? I mean, can
it? Who knows, man? Another gem shared
by Harold. No diesel model anymore with
the BMW 3 series. The bells of doom are
getting louder. That can't be true, but
it is. For more than five decades, BMW 3
Series has embodied driving pleasure
with a clear sporty character,
distinctive design, and unrelenting
technical progress.
The result is a long and enduring story
of success on which each new generation
of the BMW 3 series is duty bound to
build. Representing a technological leap
forward, the BMW 3 series extends this
story into a new era. The diesel was
considered the more economical choice.
It was, you know, you get better better
mileage and all that, but uh now the
economical choice is of course electric
and the vroom vroomy noise is still
going to be petrol.
So uh if you want if you want it, you
can get it in in electric uh with the
addition of new standout attributes. Oh,
maybe they're saying they're only
electric. I don't think that's what
they're saying. Uh research. Well, uh,
you guys can check in and let me know,
but no, I think it'll still have a gas
version, but if it's going all electric,
I mean, that's actually exciting. But
it's in Europe, they understand that
these
the switch is coming. It is unavoidable.
If you really want to get into the
future, what you need is an exciting
battery with exciting range. you know,
something like 745 miles of range with
this Solid State pack, says Toyota. For
those who don't know, Toyota's been
announcing that Solid State is here. Uh,
and we it'll be out in the next every
every 18 to 24 months, they announce
it'll be out in 3 to 5 years. And this
goes back to at least 2009.
And then they never do it. Are they
clowning? Definitely. Definitely. The
marketing department has gotten ahead of
the engineering department by leaps and
bounds, but Toyota does hold the most
patents for solid state battery
technology. What would be great is if
they also used them. So, I'll believe it
when I see it. This is the boy who
didn't just cry wolf, but just uh has a
tape that says wolf and plays it on a
loop for 15, 20 years.
So, yeah, if solid state sales finally
make the leap to mass-produced vehicles,
the ripple effects could reach into
showrooms, used car lots, and resale
values of EV buyers that EV buyers are
signing right now. Right. But if I
believed you when you said it the first
time, that car that I would have bought
is probably no longer mine, no longer my
sons or nephews, no longer anybody's
because it has left service. So,
lay off the wolf haulers, would you?
This US state is replacing power plants
with home batteries. It's Vermont. They
want mega packs. But what we're going to
do is instead spread it across thousands
of ordinary homes into a virtual power
plant. They have deployed uh huge
amounts of it. Uh, so the idea is you
get 55 bucks a month over a 10-year
lease agreement and you can just go out
and buy your own pack and then they'll
help you get it connected. I'd like to
say I did it for the environment, but I
did it for myself, but I don't mind
helping. See, the idea is you buy the
pack, you put it in, they give you some
money, a little bit over time, and then
they get to arbitrage out of your pack.
Doesn't cost you anything. And should
your power fail, you have power, a lot
of it. So it provides individual homes
energy security during outages, but
they're the backbone of the VPP. Over 40
gawatts of virtual power, and I assume
they mean gigawatt hours. Uh but please
don't be pedantic. It doesn't serve
anyone when we are
broken. Minneapolis city council voted
74 in favor of a requirement for
driverless robo robo taxis. Minneapolis
sought to ban robo taxis. Now there were
two voters absent and James Stevenson
posted this fearful that it would come
back 96. If it was 96 it would be veto
proof. It was not. It came back 76. Not
veto proof. uh and the mayor
uh vetoed it. So, the Minneapolis City
Council posted uh passed an ordinance 76
Monday requiring human monitors so that
we're not going to ban autonomous taxis,
you guys. But we do require a human to
be behind the wheel. And we do require a
wheel.
That's not a cyber cab, you guys. That's
not a robo taxi. Um, so well, yeah, but
there are 10,000 residents who earn
money driving for Uber or Lyft.
Wow.
Jobs more important than human lives,
human safety. Gross. I understand you
have to pander for votes, but gross. In
a few minutes here, we've got two more
stories. We will get into the Q and the
A. Join us, won't you? If you got your
comments, your questions, get some in.
Five million robots now work in
factories as humanoid hype faces reality
check. Over 5 million industrial robots
now work in factories. The highest total
ever recorded. Obviously, even as Boston
Dynamics shelves the stock listing and
Chinese regulators slow a rush of
humanoid uh IPOs, showing a widening gap
between the practical machines and the
humanoids capturing headlines.
What they're saying is these kind of
robots like an ABB robot uh these are
the ones that are actually doing all the
work and that's true but these are not
the kinds of robots you would replace
with a humanoid. A human is a kind of
machine that you replace with a
humanoid. Uh these are single point
singlepurpose robots. And yeah well you
can you can program to do more than one
thing, right? But you don't you don't
they're on an assembly line. They do the
one thing. Yeah. You can have two or
three cars being made on the same line
and the robot reconfigured to handle the
correct car, but it's not going to you
can't walk over to it and ask it to do
something different. That's not how it
works. So, industrial robot stock rose
9% last year. And it's in part because
labor gets more expensive. Robots get
cheaper over time. If you're going to uh
compare the cost of manufacturing in one
country to another, it's worth noting
that a lot of the labor is done by
robots and robots cost the same all over
the world. So you will see that the
labor portion of a car is quite low and
in the US the benefits portion of a car
is quite high. the insurance, the
medical insurance portion is in some
cases higher than the labor cost because
we've got expense the best uh well the
most expensive
healthcare money can buy. So that's I
don't know that's exciting. And here we
go with the last one. Global EV battery
market share in January to August of 26.
CL at 39% BYYD at 15%. Number two in the
whole world has only 15% of the market.
That's that's a big gap between number
one and number two. Worth noting CL and
BYD both have mega charging car
batteries,
you know, flash charge, megawatt plus
charging, cars that can charge from uh 0
to 80 in 5 to 6 minutes.
That's an area where US automakers have
fallen behind because of those strict
protections against um you know foreign
competition.
Seven Chinese companies in the top 10
held a combined 73% of the global EV
share. Didn't used to look like this. By
the way, Panasonic used to be number
one, but they Japanese automakers saw
that and said, "Nah, it's not for us."
So, what are you going to do? Uh, what
I'm going to do is show you SpaceX
before we get to the to the to the to
the chat. If you haven't asked your
question, who knows? It might be too
late. SpaceX for the day for the week.
Well, and look, last week we had some
big milestones. SpaceX caught more
boosters in one day than every other
company in history combined has ever
captured. That's what Google loves to do
to me. You can.
Why? Why? It's trying to read an ad
script and I have an ad blocker.
Google, get your stuff together.
So dumb. I hate it so much. And now it's
it's really trying to make that happen.
If you click I'm not a robot, it
downloads a blank text file because it's
trying to call an ad that doesn't exist.
Very dumb.
the dumbest.
Okay, so let's uh get into the jitty
chat, shall we? How is everybody? What's
new and exciting?
Oh, I'm so stressed out and busy getting
ready for the big trip. Can't stop
progress. Haters going to hate the
rebrand.
Rebrand. Yes, let's do a rebrand 90 days
after IPO. That's not a terrible idea.
Um, you replace those big ones with
Voltron style humanoids. Duh. Stack
them. Click them together. Since AI is a
curse word in many circles, the rebrand
might distract them a bit. Nope. Nope.
It's dumber. The words already have
meaning. Rebranding it confuses it. The
point I made on X yesterday is why don't
we just call all chocolate Belgian
truffles? Yes, even That's right. Even
the Hershey's Belgian truffle syrup.
That's not Belgian truffle, my guy. That
already means something. Supply chain
cost and reliability will become the
controlling factor perhaps. Maybe maybe
we are not addressing that in the US.
Not in a meaningful way. Uh and two,
steer the car. Uh thank you so much.
Elon's a trillionaire again. When do you
think the merger will be announced? I
feel definitely around the Tesla
Roadster event. No idea. No idea. I'm
just still waiting for someone to give
me a compelling reason why there should
be a merger because I haven't heard it
yet. I get that Elon wants it. I'm
trying to understand why Tesla
shareholders would want it. One guy said
because I want it to double my net
worth. I said that's not how it works.
Yes, you're Tesla. Tesla becomes a
bigger company, but it becomes mostly
SpaceX at that point. SpaceX is
significantly larger than Tesla. So, you
would be the small company in the
merger. That doesn't benefit you.
Okay, let's see who's Okay,
gave you a thumbs up. I normally don't
do that, but today I felt off. Made it
on time. First time in a while. Thanks.
Hey everyone, what's up? Let's see. Hey
all, greetings other future rosins.
Yeah, I always give Brian a thumbs up,
but sign on to five or six alternates to
thumbs down. I don't want it to go to
his head. Smart, reasonable, rational.
Uhhuh. We saw Brian in Waterlue, Ontario
on Sunday. Somebody brought my cardboard
face to the uh event. That was a lot of
fun. I got to see pictures of that.
Uhhuh. Oh, yeah. JD is definitely
clowning. We know JD. Hey, Digital Blade
Canada. Darn. There was a joke today I
was gonna make because someone had the
name in one of the articles Beda and I
was like oh it's digital BLA but I
didn't know you were going to be here
and I thought do I really make a joke
for one viewer and the answer is yeah if
I remember it's been a long day has it
okay
I got 99 cent gas back in the 90s nice I
don't remember uh but I
have a have neurological issues. I mean,
I don't know if yours are diagnosed. I
think we all do. Uh, also, if you've
looked up how much money SpaceX is going
to make with their AI compute business,
uh, I think you're up for a merger. No,
if you look it up and you believe in it,
just buy SpaceX. Why would I? That would
water down the benefits for SpaceX
people. If that's true, if SpaceX is
going to be the main money driver, this
merger would not make sense for SpaceX
investors.
Uh, thank you for the super chat. Let's
see. 1977 or so. Just got my driver's
license. Do you think Cybercap is
included in production delivery numbers?
Yes, it has to be. They're produced.
They're registered. They're titled. Uh,
so yes, they're definitely in the
production numbers because they produce
them. And in terms of deliveries, I
don't know what you call it when you put
a title on something when you register
it. It could be that they're not somehow
counted as delivery since they're
internal. But I'm quite sure they are.
They're definitely produced though. I do
remember when it first broke a buck and
the stations didn't have a way to
display it. Okay. So, I'm not old enough
to remember that. I paid 488.9
gallons uh times 10 for my lawn mower
last week. Your lawn mower takes 10
gallons. David, get less grass. Plant
some moss. You can take it from my yard.
Uh oh, he did switch it back up to 96
gigabytes. Okay.
Okay. I want to invest early. Uh F in
the chat for Jordan. It's unfortunate.
It's unfortunate, but this is a really
tough gig, man. And you do burn out. Uh
he had a much more manageable workflow
than mine. Maybe not the workflow, but
certainly the schedule. And yeah. Um
what are you going to do?
Wireless charging is the future of EVs.
It just makes sense. I would have argued
with you a year ago before I saw the
Wurion patents. If you're going to lose
30% of your power, it definitely
doesn't. But if you're going to lose
almost none of it, it definitely does.
So that's what the Wurion patent was
able to do. Uh
let's see. With the memory being
discussed, it's actually on the die with
the CPU and maybe not subject to the
same costs and supply limits as
standalone memory. Anybody have thoughts
on that? That's not my area of
expertise. I will defer to you guys.
Hey now, I doubt he think he that I
doubt he that kind of good
taste. Kevin, one of us had a stroke.
Which one is it? Only makes sense that a
company named Tesla would have at least
a little air gap to power. Nice. Nice.
That was a literal hill on which uh
Nicola Tesla was willing to die. Just
installed the robo taxi app. Android
phone in Norway. App in Norwegian. No
root tax you around, of course. Very
interesting. Panina cola and pineapple
on pizza. My preference of debauchery.
Well done. Volumes need to handle rush
hour means we do not need the speeds of
solid state charging. Um yeah. Um so
thing is not everyone needs ultra fast
charging but there are people who cannot
adopt until they get it. If you live in
an apartment, if you do not have home
charging, it's well, they might have
work charging. The people who live in
apartments don't work at the kind of
places that give you free charging. The
only people I've ever met who had free
charging at work were people who also
had charging at home because they had
the kind of job that pays the kind of
money that lets them buy a house. So,
that's possible. But telling people they
need to restructure their lives around
charging is not reasonable. And we know
because it hasn't worked because people
in apartments overwhelmingly do not buy
electric cars. Well, run a cord out the
window. I've never lived in a place
where that would have been a practical
solution, let alone one my landlord
wouldn't have kicked me out over.
Uh, same shirt looking sharp. I got this
at a like a Ross or something in Reno
because I went there to see some
factories and it was cold. I forgot that
Reno is super cold in the winter. I just
in my head I'm like desert, right? Hi,
desert. If you like the content, please
give it a thumbs up. Uh, Volkswagen
should have listened to Herbert D rather
than burying their head in the sand.
Very frustrating stuff. Very
frustrating. I'd warn of the Osborne
effect, but it's the Fathom. I wonder if
the Ford Fathom is trying to out Tesla
Tesla by undercutting themselves. I
don't know. They're really crazy. new
member. Thank you so much for joining.
Uh
let's see. I mean, it's over. We're at
30 minutes, so I got to wind it down,
but I'm going to do my best to get
through it real quick. I'd love a Fathom
and I'd gladly pay 40. I just don't want
to deal with the dealer markup. The
dealer experience just so impossible.
Those are just It's a terrible, terrible
process.
Let's see. GM had the corner on the EV
market with the EV1 and they killed it.
Yeah, lithium-ion batteries existed
before they killed the EV1.
Lack of foresight. They could have been
it, but really BMW had the i3, which was
a good car before anyone else was making
good electric cars and they just sat on
it.
What are you doing? Leaf was out there
early. Prius could have been fully
electrified 10 years before anyone else.
missed opportunities.
I'd love to see Rivian take a
substantial deposit from Uber for the
self-driving cars that never mature.
Yeah, Rivian. Riven is that guy at a
party who hits on every girl. Hey, if
you if you need it, I'm there for you.
No one needs it. I don't know. Uh uh
Uber, I'm sorry, Uber is the one that's
hitting on all the cars.
Uh, how do non Teslas learn without a
fleet? Where are you gonna get the data,
man? You gonna buy it? No. No one's got
it. And if they do, they sure as heck
ain't selling it. Uhhuh. Let's see. I
think we need to just wind it down. Uh,
if you're catching this on the replay,
you do need to let me know. How else
would I know? Uh, does Vermont help you
get solar? They don't get power out of
nowhere, right? But they can powers
shift. I mean, you can uh time shift
your power. Uh, I don't know if they
help you with the solar, but having
access to it at the time you need it is
is very valuable.
Uh, now batteries are in the homes
again. Cool.
Just look at the picture of who's on the
city council. No, I think that's uh the
wrong approach and I don't think that's
something that you should say out loud.
Um,
all else was renamed America. Why not
American intelligence for AI?
Mhm. I think Minnesota just lowered
their wages. We will pay the monitor
driver less because they have less to
do. Yeah. I just don't want people
crashing and dying. I don't want people
distracted. Uhhuh. Um but yes, Richard
Alexander, thank you so much for
becoming a supporter. Uh channel member.
Uhhuh. Let's see. I spent a week
visiting my son. We ran a cord out the
window and plug my car in. The other
tenants were actually nice enough to let
me have the best parking spot so I could
charge my car. How much does the power
go up by having the window cracked
during the winter? I don't know. And I
have not lived in a place where they
would do that. And all the jobs I've had
if if if I had been allowed to plug in a
car, you know, there's that coworker
who'd be like, "Well, why don't I get
free gas? He gets free electricity. Why
don't I get free gas?" Yes. And so they
ruin it for everybody. All righty, guys.
So, in the comments, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it.
Leave it. I beg of you. I will be in
Texas this weekend. This coming weekend.
Got a whole lot to finish before I go.
Everyone else, uh, like, subscribe, do
what you do. Stay tuned. Stay juicy. I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps even in Texas.