Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Tesla Cybercab Cuts Costs Dramatically
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycz_DiOh-34
Published:   2026-04-26 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-26 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We are learning so much about Cyber Cab
as it nears actual volume scale public
production and deployment. We got some
interesting new information on the
shareholder deck. We've seen a whole lot
of them coming out of the factory being
sent all over the country. Witchah,
Chicago, you name it. And with the
volume they're making, I've got a
question or plenty. Which means I should
probably have a chat with Joe Tagmire
from uh Austin. well, from San Antonio,
but he's better known for being in
Austin. He's had a chance to actually
see the assembly line, to actually ask
some questions, to actually know what's
going on, and uh has uh faithfully put
all of his knowledge into one place, his
head. So, let's see if we can get into
that. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
So Joe, uh, you, uh, reposted this from
Tech Operator presenting Vin Zero, the
very first production Cybercap built at
Giga Texas. I'm noticing some
differences, ignoring the fact that they
didn't actually latch the hood, right?
&gt;&gt; But that's not If someone's got an issue
with that, they need to
&gt;&gt; take a deep breath, maybe explore
hobbies.
&gt;&gt; This is shiny. It
&gt;&gt; What happened? Well, you know, we talked
about this before. About eight weeks
ago, I got a chance to tour the line,
and one of the things that they really
wanted to keep under wraps at that time
was that uh the final version is going
to look a lot different than what we've
been seeing driving around. And this is
it. So, the um the process they use is
quite interesting. It's kind of a
thermoplastic injection molding where
they have pellets of plastic. They put
them in a hopper. They melt them down,
but they also mix in the color. So, it's
through the entire panel and then they
use u it's it's almost like a a
gigapress where they just, you know,
molds and they make the body panels and
they pop out and they pop out just like
this. So, you know, that's it dispenses
with paint. It dispenses with primer. It
dispenses with all of the things that
you have to do to make the car look
good. And it introduces this shiny look,
too. So, it's it's it's glossy and it's
actually a darker color. It's a little
bit different. And you can if you had a
engineering one that's wrapped with the
matte color and this right next to it,
it's it's night and day and you can tell
it right away. Um, but uh they were
really really excited about that and but
they wanted to keep it under wraps until
now. So I'm finally able to tell you or
let everybody see that there is this
shiny glossy version and this is what
you will see when you were to uh hail a
robo taxi and a cyber cab comes up to
pick you up. This is what it will look
like.
&gt;&gt; This is very cool. It's good to actually
get to see it. Um now you uh so when you
walked the line there were a number of
things that you saw some of which were
already public some of which have since
been made public. One example of course
the shiny uh finished coding. Um in
terms of uh seeing it over time other
than the engineering builds the
validation builds what big changes have
you seen? Uh well the biggest things uh
that everybody talks about is steering
wheel or non- steering wheel and uh the
the the numbers are of them that are out
that have the steering wheels that that
didn't. And for the longest time we were
seeing a lot with steering wheels and so
people were thinking well see that's
what's going to happen. Well the reality
is um in the production line they
actually have two lines. They have a
parallel line where they they build the
cars up to a certain point and then they
pulled them aside and then they put this
kit in that had the cybert truck wheel
pedals and all that and uh but they had
to disassemble part of the dashboard for
it to go in. And we've now seen some
pictures of that out in the the wild,
which is great because now I you know
people want to know what that looks
like. You can actually see it. Um, but
uh that was one of the things that I was
tracking is when are we going to see it
without the steering wheel and that was
going to tell us a little bit about what
was going on with the production line.
And uh over the last say week or two
I've been seeing more of the non-
steering wheel ones and they've been
showing up over in the outbound lot uh
about a third of those versus twothirds
of the engineering ones with steering
wheels. And then recently last week it
it kind of flipped. So, we're not seeing
as many of the steering wheel ones, and
we're starting to see a lot more without
the steering wheels. And of course,
couple days ago, we got the uh the uh
announcement from Tesla showing the
picture that it has the glossy ones. And
then yesterday, uh they had a a group of
them out. Uh I was fortunate enough to
be there for that. Um and also tech
operator who took the images that you
were showing. He actually joined me
early. We were flying and I was showing
him what was going on with the uh cyber
cabs and then I told him because he was
getting ready to do a factory tour. I'm
like when you get into the lobby take as
many pictures as you can because they
have the brand new one and so that's
where all the pictures came from. So,
uh, would it be safe to say we're
already well into the hundreds that have
been built, uh, for of of the final
ones, or were all of the ones that we've
seen seen going out still validation or
pre-production ones? Cuz this post did
say VIN zero. Does that mean the ones
that we've seen before are not going to
survive?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're probably just going to be
used for testing and then eventually be
crushing like they do with many
prototypes. Um,
&gt;&gt; as far as the numbers of the final one,
the shiny one, I don't know. It's It's
really hard to say. But the first time
that they were visible uh in public in
sunlight out of the factory was
yesterday. And so if you add them all
up, I've seen maybe a dozen or so. Um,
but I'm looking forward to next week
because
they should start seeing a lot more of
these popping up and then we'll then
we'll get a better idea of what the
numbers are
&gt;&gt; because what I'm looking at here, I did
finally find it is uh this this is a
video of yours from just a few days ago.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh with a whole bunch of cyber cabs on
the outbound lot. Um and these are these
do not appear shiny. These appear matte,
although that could be,
&gt;&gt; you know, just
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, these are these are kind of
the uh matte wrapped ones without
steering wheels.
&gt;&gt; So, it's kind of like a a hybrid between
the steering wheel one that's an
engineering version and then the final
one that is the glossy one. Uh but yeah,
this was a large number of non- steering
wheel versions of the cyber cabs. Um
why? I don't know. Maybe they're going
to use them for testing. Maybe they're
going to use them for some display in
certain places. I don't I don't know.
The fact that they have the shiny one
out now, you would think that they would
want to show that one off a lot more.
So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; You would think. And there are uh
there's very little debate left about
the steering wheel. Hopefully, that's,
you know, people have uh seen that
there's so much to love about this. The
only reason you would really need to
pivot is if autonomy just isn't going to
happen. How many rides have you taken in
a robo taxi in Austin?
&gt;&gt; Uh 210.
&gt;&gt; Is it actually 210?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, uh fair to say it might
work.
&gt;&gt; It might. Yeah. Well, the funny thing is
is you know people focus on you went up
and you rode a robo taxi. Did it work or
not? And I'm like, well, yeah, but I
also drove 150 miles from San Antonio
here and back with my car driving
itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing is I
just finished a I don't know 3,500 mile
road trip down to Los Angeles and back.
And all of my disengagements were I want
to look around. I want to park somewhere
different. I didn't have, you know, and
I didn't worry. I'm still paying
attention. and my head is still in the
game. Now, in the cyber cab assembly
line, we've heard a lot about how the
unbox method and how the whole way, the
whole philosophy of this, we don't have
50 colors, we don't have six, we don't
have two colors, how this will reduce
the floor space. What example you gave
was the uh bodies in weight. Uh can you
tell us about that?
&gt;&gt; The the body bank kind of thing. Uh well
most most of the times including the
Model Y and the Cybert truck they will
build a number of bodies in white or
bodies that are painted and they hold
them as they use that as a buffer. So
it's either that uh they just want to
have a bunch of them there in case they
need to either build more or less or if
there's something that disrupts the uh
processing of building the body and
whites and getting them painted. The
other thing is is that process is
probably the longest uh the most uh uh
in in-depth and uh time consuming
process of building the car. So if they
can get ahead of things, they can build
this this bank and then they can kind of
like smooth out the production
variabilities. Well, with the Cyber Cab,
they don't have that. So basically,
they're just going to be building the
body in four, well, if you call it the
structure pack, five main chunks, and
they're all built on their own little
lines. And then when they get to a
certain point, they bring them to the
line, they bolt them together, and then
after that, they put the body panels on
and it's a car. So there aren't this big
bank of vehicles that are taking up a
lot of space. And um you know, it it
encourages them to have that throughput
of the product line continually going.
So to to support that, they have to have
the castings being built constantly and
all the other parts ready to go. And
much of that is right on site um either
adjacent or connected to the production
line itself. So it's it's quite
integrated and in a relatively compact
part of the factory.
&gt;&gt; In a lot of factories, you'll see them
do a batch of white cars, a batch of red
cars, a batch and they all just go up
into the rafters and wait.
&gt;&gt; And what you're saying is they're all
gold.
&gt;&gt; There's no paint to dry,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; We can build them. We can have if we
have 10 made, we have 10 ready to go
right now.
&gt;&gt; And so there doesn't need to be this
huge amount of space. And if that is the
longest duration part of the assembly
process, which it is, everything else
takes minutes uh per per operation. Time
is money. It it is Tesla famously
reached a point where they were able to
take in raw materials on a net30 basis
and not even pay for those materials
until the cars had actually been sold.
And this is even quicker. So that means
a lot less floor space, a lot less it
reduces the cost in like three or four
different ways. There's another thing
that is important to emphasize and that
has to do with the body panels, the
color, the molded in the plastic, and
having the machines to build it right
off the bat. And then as soon as they
come out of the machines and they're
trimmed, they're ready to be put onto
the car. And that has to do with color
matching. And that was something they
did a lot of work on to make sure that
every body panel coming out was the same
color. And that sounds easier than it
is, but it's critical because in this
case, they want to be able to mix and
match body panels on the production line
and then keep that throughput going. If
they had three or four different
slightly v different variations of gold,
that would complicate that. And that's
one of the reasons why they make the the
body banks in the first place is that
they have cars that all the same color
and then you have to track the doors and
stuff as they're assembled. In this
case, they're very confident in their
color matching, their their color uh
injection molding and the process. And
that glossy uh material that you see or
the the glossy appearance is all part of
that process. So, it streamlines
multiple different parts of a production
line. And uh so when you look at the
color and they look at how it it looks,
that is by itself telling you a very big
story about the production line of the
Cybercats. If you were to take delivery
of a brand new car, any car, and there
was a scratch in the door big enough
that it wouldn't buff out, they couldn't
just pop on a new blue panel, it would
not match from the factory. It would be
close. It'd be real close, but it
wouldn't match. And what I hear you
saying is these will all match.
&gt;&gt; They very confident in that. Yeah. And
that's a big a big win for them that
they've worked really hard to uh make
sure that they can achieve. And uh so
you've seen the line, you've seen how it
all comes together. Is there anything
new that you're able to share uh from
some of the more recent uh videos and
disclosures that you couldn't share
before?
&gt;&gt; Uh I don't know if it's new. There's
been a lot of discussion about where the
drive line is. And some people are
asking, is it rear wheel drive, is it
front-wheel drive, is it all-wheel
drive, is it what? And uh I know that
you have talked about this a lot. You
talked to some of the engineers that
worked on this program maybe not even a
year ago, but I mean a long time ago,
but it is definitively a front-wheel
drive vehicle. And that's part of the
body and the um unbox process is that
the front part of the car, that sub
assembly has everything in it. It has
the drive unit, it has the the cooling
system, the everything. So when it's
bolted to the rest of the car, it's
already done. So you don't have to have
wires going to the back. You don't have
to have drive lines. You don't have to
have brake lines or anything. It's all
right there in the front.
&gt;&gt; And uh one reason they couldn't do on
box before was they didn't have the high
voltage systems with the little
connectors. You couldn't you needed to
run the length of the car with the
hydraulic system with the with the uh
low voltage system and this simplifies
that. Have we heard anything yet about
the inductive charging? Yeah, I know
that that's something that people have
been watching for and when they had the
original Wii robot, that was one of the
the centerpiece items that they were
talking about. Uh, since then, we've
been seeing a lot of the engineering
ones with the port in the back bumper on
the kind of the driver's side, if you
would say. I guess the lefthand side
now. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; But, um, yeah, that allows you to plug
in the superchargers. And we haven't
seen any of them, at least we aren't
aware of any of them using inductive
charging. we haven't been seeing the
infrastructure being built out in the
locations that uh the uh robo taxis are
at. Um and I think there's a good reason
for that is I think for a while there's
not going to be inductive charging. I
think it's just going to be the cable
for the supercharging and then the
processes that they will have to employ
as they scale the the the fleet is that
they're just going to have to deal with
that until they're at a point where
maybe either regulatory or operationally
or or just procedurally that they're
ready to do that. But I think for a
while we're not going to be seeing
inductive charging. So, this weekend I'm
doing a presentation about Cyber Cabs,
and one of the things I found in my
research is that the Cyber Cab has about
uh four uh 60% fewer parts than a Model
3, which means it only has about 4,000
parts. And in researching Whimo, I found
that their Upfit alone has 10% as many
parts as an entire Cyber Cap. between
the fasteners and rivets and all the
pieces, they're over 400 pieces compared
to a car that only has 4,000 for the
whole shebang. Uh, so how are you going
to compete on price when it comes to
something like that?
&gt;&gt; And you have to have something
assembling that, too, whether a person,
a robot, or or a line or whatever. And
uh the more parts, the more things that
you got to assemble,
&gt;&gt; the more uh obstacles that can go wrong,
the more parts that need to be
warrantied. Uh yeah, all of this makes
sense when you piece it together like
that. And I'm looking forward to the day
when we get to see what the margins,
what the actual cost it is to
manufacture these. The line that you
saw, is it large enough to handle the
kind of volume we're expecting? I know
on the earnings report it didn't specify
a
name plate capacity.
Is it big enough?
&gt;&gt; Um well I'll answer it this way is when
I was talking to them about the unbox
process I asked them is this really
revolutionary? Is it really beneficial?
Are you really confident in its ability
to produce these vehicles at a rate that
you need and also at the margins that
you need? and they said absolutely. They
were they were very confident. They were
excited about this unbox process and
what it's going to mean. And as a
consequence of this process, the line is
smaller than what you would expect. But
uh I I believe based on what they told
me is that they're confident that once
they get through the initial uh you know
testing and trials and figure out you
know where the bottlenecks are and they
can actually start ramping it up to
significant numbers. I believe that they
will be able to hit the numbers that
they want. At least they seem very
confident and it all goes back to that
unbox process and their confidence in
the line to be able to do that
effectively. So, a question I have for
everybody in the comments is when these
are available for sale to the public,
are you going to get one? Do you want
one? And if so, how many? Joe, are you
going to get one if they're available?
And if so, how many?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. It would be cool. I would
like to have maybe at least one for the
beginning. Um, you know, I'm not sure me
personally putting it into the robo taxi
fleet how I feel about that. uh that
that's that's something that probably at
somewhere down the road it won't be as
big of an issue or I'll just look at
that and say it's no big deal. But I
would like to have one just because it's
new and and it's got neat technology and
and the idea of driving around a vehicle
that literally is driving itself. There
is no other option is very appealing to
me. Um, my my question, and I don't know
how what we're gonna when we're going to
find out about this or how Tesla's going
to answer this, is when it comes time to
selling it to individuals, what rules
are they're going to be? For example, I
live in San Antonio. Currently, there is
no robo taxi service here. So, do I do I
get excluded because I'm living in an
area there is no robo taxi? Is there
going to be a requirement for me to have
to have it into a robo taxi fleet a
certain percentage of the time? Is it
going to have to be only people that are
like in Austin to be able to get it? And
and I don't know what the answer is to
that and how they're going to roll it
out and who they're going to choose to
be able to purchase it. But uh clearly
they want these to be part of a robo
taxi fleet. and having owners be able to
put them into the fleet whether for
surges or just numbers I think
eventually will be important but how
that how we're going to get there I
don't really know.
&gt;&gt; I mean it all sounds uh like the right
questions to be considering. Um I think
this is all very exciting. Is there
anything uh I forgot to ask about robo
taxi about cyber cab? Um, yeah. When I
mean, of course, the impossible
question, when do you expect to see one
out giving rides anywhere, but
specifically Austin?
&gt;&gt; H, it's really hard to tell for sure
because they are being very methodical
and careful with robo taxi and full
self-driving and of course with the
cyber cab. Um, part of it is because
they want to be safe and make sure that
they have their internal metrics of what
they're looking at and the risk levels
and part of it is, as they mentioned at
the financial results meeting, the first
blade of grass that is touched by a
cyber cab is going to make worldwide
headlines. So, they're trying to to do
everything they can to be as as
deliberate, methodical, careful safety
as they possibly can. And even though I
know for for a lot of us we seem
frustrated on that because we're like we
want it now. We want to have a million
cyber cabs running daytoday at uh you
know all across the United States and
the world but that will eventually come.
I think their decisions that they're
making right now are critical for that
day. It's just not today.
&gt;&gt; I agree completely. I'm absolutely fine
being patient. at the shareholder
meeting when Elon said 12 cities in you
know by the end of 25 I said it's really
soon I'm if that if that is missed I'm
not disappointed because there's too
much at stake
&gt;&gt; if I had any feedback to Tesla
I would say be very careful what metrics
and what things that you say as far as
targets that you put out because uh all
of this stuff that they're doing whether
it's cyber cab robo taxi the Optimus,
the AI uh data centers, the Terapab, all
of that stuff is completely and utterly
brand new and nobody knows how fast
these days are going to ramp and what ch
problems you're going to have. So, you
know, saying like you said, uh, you
know, half the country at the end of
2025,
be very careful because everybody's
going to remember that and they're going
to come back and measure you on that. So
I think despite some of the criticism of
you know how the last financial results
meeting was handled as far as the
discussion I think it was more prudent
because it gives us it's a more
realistic look at where we're going
rather than saying oh yeah there's going
to be a million next week because it's
just it's not good. It's like a
self-inflicted wound. So my my advice
would be to uh just be very careful of
the metrics that you push out. On
Friday, I was in the Tesla Beat podcast
and I said, you know, one of the things,
the craziest prediction Elon's ever
made, the one that definitely won't come
true was at the Model Y unveil when he
said, I think this could be the
bestselling car in the world. And
everyone, myself included, were like,
"Well, I mean I mean it might be a good
selling EV. It might be the bestselling
EV in the world, but the Model Y turned
out to be quite popular." So, that's one
of the craziest things he's ever said,
and he was right. But, uh, missing
timelines is frustrating
&gt;&gt; and I'd prefer to
&gt;&gt; get it when I get it.
&gt;&gt; So, guys, what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everybody else, like, subscribe,
do what you do. Thank you guys so much
for your support on Patreon, on X, on
YouTube as a channel member. All of that
helps tremendously keep the business
going. Head over to Joe's channel. Uh
Joe Techmire is in the sky all the time.
He covers the lithium refinery in Corpus
Christi. He covers uh he's out at SpaceX
and and the Boring Company to an extent.
He'll fly wherever you needs him to be
if it's uh not ridiculous, right? and
everybody else. And everybody else, uh,
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you.