Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Where Tesla's Robotaxi Rollout Actually Stands
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvHoGCZxkIQ
Published:   2026-06-29 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

you can think of not only will it
remember, we like to park, but it might
remember the routes you'd like to take.
It may learn the fact I like that route.
And so it becomes just much more
personalized. It becomes reflective of
kind of who you are.
&gt;&gt; Uh FSD is is it looks like it's what
it's fourth month now since February
without any at fault incidents. You've
got FSD being approved across globally.
And then now we've got two new things
that Elon's saying. Now, could just be
Elon again, so take that with a grain of
salt, but here's what he just said. Now,
this Tom posted saying, "I'm astonished
more people aren't raving about Tesla's
full self-driving. I no longer need to
drive my car. The only time I take
control is to back into my garage
because it's down an awkward ramp." By
the way, I've got the same issue. And
it's like 13 day streak, 96% of the time
self-driving and the other 4% because he
has to, you know, like the parking uh
situation.
So, Elon responded to him and he said,
"Upcoming releases of FSD will remember
your parking preferences so that the car
goes to the right location at your home,
office, school drop-off. Destination
parking is by far the biggest reason
people now intervene with FSD." And then
he's saying critical safety
interventions are extremely rare. So,
critical safety is no longer the issue.
It's this destination parking.
And I've always said like, you know, of
course I mean, how many times have I
drive drive my car out of my garage and
out my windy driveway and out and back.
It knows what I do and where I park. And
now it's coming. And you know, imagine
school drop-off, right? Everybody still
tells you this is where you go, this is
where you drop people off. And then if
you're office, you have your own
specific parking spot. Now it'll
remember where you specifically park and
you're allowed to park.
This is perfect. So, it's supposed to
come and come upcoming releases of FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sir.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting to contemplate,
Herbert, what it means when the car has
memory. Not just for parking, but maybe
for other things. Um
will it remember, for example, that you
know, the the police are sitting in a
certain corner, you know, really
cracking down on speeders. The you know,
there's all kinds of things you can
think about I guess in terms of, you
know, what having a memory in the car is
good for. Um,
and that's I think that's a threat
perhaps to pull on because it's not just
remembering your parking spot and that's
it. Clearly now it's going to have a
capability
of more broadly remembering things.
&gt;&gt; Very good points uh sir. Uh you said
that the keyword here was will remember.
And I guess if it can remember your
parking spot preferences, you can
probably remember other things as well.
That is very important. And then
critical safety interventions are
extremely rare. This is him doubling
down saying, you know, we got we we got
that. We got that part. That's the
biggest part. And then the rest is
convenience as Jeff and then you guys
were saying. So the other uh news was
Elon also added new information about
Grok. This person says, "Test FSD is
magic. Need to be able to converse with
Grok like we can with an Uber driver.
Hey Grok, turn right here. Drop us off
right here. We'll walk due to traffic."
"Drop at entrance first and then park
far away." By the way, that is a that's
what they call banish.
You just drop somebody at the entrance
of some place and then it will go find
its own parking spot. Elon replied
saying, "This functionality will be
there in about 3 months or so."
That is the critical one, right? So it's
like you not only asking a question to
Grok just like you could with ChatGPT
and getting an answer back. This is
controlling the car.
Controlling the car FSD. This is
powerful. This is robo-taxi level.
&gt;&gt; Do you it's deeper integration with
SpaceX.
And I think Elon's going to mess with
this, too. I think he's going to
there could be memories of the internal
in the internal camera, too. So just
watch what you're itching in your car.
Um, [laughter] but anyway,
um, we'll leave it there. But this is
extremely
this is extremely powerful.
And the the opportunities are are almost
endless. You can sit and brainstorm on
what the opportunities are. One of the
interesting things that come to mind
just on this topic of memory, you know,
if you think of FSD right now, it's it's
purely reacting to what's happening
right now.
Every time.
And so that's why in certain situations
it can behave differently because it's
reacting based on the circumstances of
that particular moment. But you can
think of not only will it remember where
you like to park, but it might remember
the routes you like to take. So right
now when I get in my car and I put in a
destination, it might show me three
different routes. And even though it
maybe one is one that recommends, I pick
another one because I happen to know
that road tends to be less busy and I
don't want to be stuck at any more red
lights than I want to be, whatever the
case may be. It may learn the fact that
I like that route. It may learn about
specific parking lots, not just at home,
but you know, certain shopping centers
where you like to park, right? I'm sure
when people go to Costco or wherever
they they park in a certain spot because
that's where they like to park if they
if they can. Um all those things. And so
it becomes just much more personalized.
It becomes reflective of kind of who you
are.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right? And then of course when my wife
gets in the Cybertruck and it's on her
profile, she she has different
preferences. And FSD will be able to
react to what she likes. That's pretty
cool.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; to recognize there's a memory limitation
here. You know, perhaps they'll put it
onto the stick, but um a lot of this
stuff is going to accumulate memory and
there's just a limit that we'll have to
observe. So have to be measured about
how we do it. Now, future
uh
releases of the car
could involve, you know, dramatically
more memory and perhaps some
you know,
some other ways of storing it, but we
have to we have to be cognizant of the
fact that the
the existing cars were not built to
accumulate very large amounts of memory.
&gt;&gt; Maybe this needs to be another task for
the Terafeb is to develop a
Well,
the truth is that, you know, the new the
new
chips AI5 and particularly AI6 will have
very large amounts of memory.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, that's volatile memory, not for
persistent, you know, but but they could
up up the memory in the
you know, in the stick. They could take
it to 5 gig very easily or 10 gig very
easily uh for really little money today.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So, there are ways to to go about it,
and that is a very inexpensive upgrade,
by the way.
That's an upgrade that I'm sure that the
average driver wouldn't have any
problems in paying for if they can get
the kind of features we're talking
about.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Jeff, what's going on with Cybertruck?
Look at this. Yeah, showed you this year
on Monday. 102 Cybertrucks spotted at
the open lot Giga Texas. That's a lot.
That's the record number of Cybertrucks
just sitting there. We don't know if
maybe it was the weekend, maybe they
were just accumulating, but still, this
this number is growing. Remember, there
was 20, then there was 30, then there
was 50, now there's 100.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we I mean, we don't we don't have
a drone up 24 hours a day, so we don't
know the relative displacement of what's
happening.
You'd hope that the factory now in its
third month of
third calendar month of production that
they're scaling. I always thought that
they would be in the the dozens of units
in April and hundreds in May, and then
get to the thousands of units, hopefully
per week uh by the end of June.
And that would be a really a really
solid ramp-up. So, it'd be great to get
an update from Tesla. Is the Cybertruck
scaling to your expectations, your
original expectations, or are you
limiting the scale of the cyber cab
relative to your rollout of uh your
autonomous network. That'd be
interesting to understand what's the the
the tall tent pole.
But, the there are some clues, and I
think there's some I see a lot of some
interesting interpretation, some
misinterpretation on X.
But, the fact that they're advancing
these cars away from the factory is a
big tell.
In my experience, you typically, when
you have a brand new product built a
brand new way with brand new hardware
inside of it, you want to keep it as
close to the factory, excuse me, as
possible
until you've got really a tremendous
amount of feedback from the field on how
it's performing, how its reliability is
holding up, and so forth. And the fact
that they've they're deploying these to
all these sites tell me that they're
beyond a certain point uh of maturity,
and they feel good about it. And it also
tells me that there's something forcing
their hand to move it closer to these
sites, because you see in those photos,
there's plenty of parking places for
them to hold these cars if they needed
to, but they're not. So,
I know uh I know people are frustrated.
They just want to see everything to just
the light switch turn on and everything
go. But, the movement that I'm seeing
tells me that they're getting ready to
do that, and it's a matter of time.
There's I've not seen anything that's
saying slow down or or they found a
problem or put something in reverse.
Uh
they're they're they're staging these
vehicles in a manner that tells me that
they want to get them out, but they've
got to get through their testing to do
that. So, I think it's going okay.
&gt;&gt; Did you guys uh hear yesterday a
several cyber cabs were spotted in New
Zealand?
Probably for testing for cold weather,
right, sir? And I guess you are the
expert in that space. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Is the only one that's the perfect
country in so many ways.
Um but yes, uh they can do certainly
some cold weather testing. Also
right-hand drive, uh you know, opposite
side of the road uh testing.
&gt;&gt; Right-hand drive, there's no right-hand
drive here. But opposite side of the
road, though.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter]
Yeah, the right-hand drive doesn't
matter so much anymore, but vehicles on
the other side of the road, they can do
some testing as it relates to FSD on
that.
So I think that's that's important. Uh
Tesla has used New Zealand before as a
testing ground for many of its vehicles
in the past.
So it's not a surprise.
Uh it's cool to see the reactions of
people seeing that the vehicle on the
trucks cuz they had no idea what it was.
Um so that that's kind of exciting. By
the way, just just on that
&gt;&gt; crumbs you found, sir?
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; You said you were mentioning that you
saw a few other bread crumbs that you
thought that uh that that's a good sign
for robotaxi roll out of Cybertruck.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Well, just first of all, before I
go there, I just wanted to mention that
while we appreciate Joe Tech Mars videos
from his trip to Europe, great job, Joe.
I I vote that he not be allowed to leave
the United States without having
somebody replace him and do the video
flyovers because to go 2 weeks without
those videos was just too painful.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; there's a real gap in our knowledge
about what's going on in Gig Texas
without Joe.
Um anyway, more seriously, I you know,
we're starting to see the vehicles come
out of the factory now with the
Cybertruck decals on the sides and the
back.
&gt;&gt; Oh.
&gt;&gt; Right. And and so on. So it seems like
they're preparing more now for vehicles
that are actually going to be put into
service.
Now, again, the timeline on that, who
knows?
Maybe they'll produce a whole bunch,
stage them in multiple cities for a
while first before they do
uh some kind of unveil.
Um you know, they did say that they're
going to roll out robotaxi service in
some other cities before the end of Q2.
If they're still on track for that, then
we should be seeing something here very
soon.