Channel:     futureaza
Title:       GM EV1 And The Birth Of Modern EVs
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PScX9WOFMTE
Published:   2026-05-03 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-03 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Thank you for coming. Uh, for those who
don't know me, I'm Larry Paul. I'm a
lifelong car enthusiast. I built many
cars, including magazine published and
award-winning muscle cars. And as well
as for fun, I've driven in autocross and
road racing and drag racing events on
racetracks.
Electric car concepts started to
intrigue me as far as far back as 40
years ago. But it was literally the
first few seconds of my test drive of a
GME1 in late 1996 that I instantly knew
my life had changed.
the I knew like a light switch being
flipped that electric cars were not only
the my future, they were also the
future. Although my wife and I did not
end up leasing an EV1 as a two seat
lease only sports car was not ideal
since we just got married. We're going
to have kind of a family. But a couple
years later, we did lease a Honda four-
seat EV Plus after a 5-month wait after
being approved almost 28 years ago. Ever
since my wife and I have been driving
factory-p produced freeway capable EVs
and been very involved in the EV
community essentially for the same time.
While there were EVs in the late 1800s
to the 1920s and GM built five notable
electric powered concept vehicles in the
1960s
in today's presentation I'm really going
to focus on the exclusively on the
development of the modern production EV.
You know the catalyst for the modern EV
started here. That's the uh when GM
participated in the world's first solar
challenge that was held in December of
1987 in Australia. Collaborating with
Aero Environment, the Sunraer was
designed, tested, and completed in just
10 months. Not only did it win, it
finished the race nearly 2 days ahead of
its second place competitor, the Ford
Sunchaser. Here's a GM promo ad touting
their accomplishment.
We will race
models across Australia. Powered only by
the sun. GMBB Ford and 22 other entries.
The GM Sunraer. Solar technology from
GM's Hughes aircraft subsidiary. Drive
board from the GM research laboratory.
Magnet punch magnets from Bel chassis
from GM's engineering staff. A triumph
GM teamwork and technology. The vision
is hanging on.
&gt;&gt; So, I was truly amazed that a car could
drive off of sunlight alone.
And that brings us to the concept car of
what became the first truly modern
electric vehicle, the Impact. The Impact
was a flagship project for General
Motors and specifically for General
Motors chairman, Roger Smith. And here
he is making that announcement.
We are extremely pleased this morning to
be able to introduce to you a project
that keeps GM on the cutting edge of
technology. It's called Impact and it's
an exciting new electric car, the first
one in 10 years.
It can go further and faster than any
previous productionoriented electric
vehicle. It can go from zero to 60 mph
in 8 seconds and it has all the comforts
and convenience of a modern automobile.
We've taken a big step, a very big step.
We've gone beyond the slowm moving
electric delivery trucks and golf carts.
Impact is a genuine full performance
machine with capabilities that rival
those of today's internal pedestrian
powered cars. The impact, as I said
earlier, is an experimental vehicle. It
is not now ready for production. On the
other hand, it was designed to be
producable, and we're now evaluating a
business plan to see just how feasible
it would be to produce it.
&gt;&gt; So, I was not the only one who was
fascinated by the impact. The California
Air Resources Board, also known as Carb,
was listening. The GM Impact proved that
it was possible to make a fully
functional mass-production electric
vehicle. Carb decided they wanted to
encourage all manufacturers to develop
battery powered cars. So, they in
created what's called the ZEV or zero
emission vehicle battery powered EV
program.
About six years later, the MOA became a
binding enforcable contract between
California and each of the big six
manufacturers. They were all compelled
to create EVs for California if they
wanted to sell any cars in California.
So about 6 years later, uh it had it had
a stated goal of putting as many as
3,750
EVs on California roads beginning in
1998. And by 2010, the target was to
have 800,000 EVs on the road on
California roads. After the MOA or the
memorandum of agreement, all six
manufacturers stepped up and produced
thousands of EVs in the 1996 to 2003
period. The next slides introduces seven
major vehicles produced during the MOA
era. You know, the EV1 featured
spaceship kind of future styling and up
to 140 miles plus range. It still holds
the record for the most aerodynamic
production car with a drag coefficient
of 0.195.
EV1s were available for lease only, but
uh to the public, but some went to fleet
customers, and most were delivered to
California, but a few went to Arizona.
GM installed a slightly de-tuned EV1
drivetrain, and they made a front-wheel
drive Chevy S10 electric pickup. These
were fleet lease only and the vast
majority of them were delivered to
California, but a few of them also were
available in Georgia. This was our first
EV, a Honda EV Plus. This one's a 1999.
The 98s look the same. About 300 in
total were manufactured in California,
and I understand about 10 went to New
York uh for cold weather testing. They
actually had kerosene heaters uh to
supplement the heat pump. It was the
most luxurious of all the EVs back in
that era. uh but it was based on a
production car, an internal combustion
car in Japan. These were available to
the public to lease, but some went to
fleet customers also. And Ford leased
1312 of the Ranger EVs exclusively to
fleet customers in California. It was a
traditional Ranger pickup, but with an
electric drivetrain. Dodge and Plymouth
vans were also notable because they were
the first vehicle to use DC fast
charging, mostly used at at airports for
shuttles. These were fleet lease only
and only delivered in California. All
RAV 4 EVs used the Gen 1 gas model body.
From 1997 to 2001, 949 of them were
exclusively sold to fleet or uh sorry,
leased to fleet customers, the majority
in California, but some were delivered
in other states, including two of them
in Oregon for PGE back in the day.
This changed in the 2000 to 2003 era
when Toyota made just 339 more vehicles,
but for the first time, these were
available actually to the public. The
RAV 4 EV was notable because it was the
only model of the MOA era that was ever
offered new for sale to the public. And
we are the original, my wife and I are
the original owners of ours today. And
it's just one of the 101 ever sold to
the public brand new. And you can see it
out outside. Only 130 of the Nissan
Ultra EVs were exclusively leased to
customers in California. But it is most
notable is the only one of the MOA cars
was actually lithium ion powered back in
the day. The Ultra EV was based on a
Nissan Aresa, also a gasoline vehicle
that was available in Japan. But what
was special about the EV1? Well, just
about everything. No major parts on the
EV1 were barred from other GM vehicles.
If you noticed, each one of the other
EVs were based on internal combustion
vehicles. The EV1 was a purpose-built
vehicle that was designed from the
ground up to be an ultraefficient
platform. And I call it a platform
because there were other variants in the
R&amp;D lab, such as the series hybrid that
used an that used a turbine engine uh
connected to a generator to extend the
range of the vehicle. Their parallel
hybrid version actually had a diesel
engine powering that could drive the
rear wheels of the vehicle after the
battery was was drained. And they also
developed compressed natural gas and and
fuel cell versions of the EV1 platform.
And GM was also testing what the limits
of this new platform were. In March of
1994, a very slightly modified GM impact
with a different final gear ratio,
otherwise totally stock and other small
changes uh established a new land speed
record for electric vehicles,
establishing 183 m an hour on the test
track. Now, GM was way ahead of every
car company with EV technology. In 1994,
GM produced 50 of these handpilt hand
sorry handbuilt impact prototypes that
were loan to drivers for one or two
weeks in 12 cities all across the United
States. For all practical purposes,
these were prototype EV1s. And the GM GM
used what they did was years ahead of
everyone else in the market. And I
follow the GM EV preview program. I
never had a chance to drive one though.
So, how were these production cars used
by customers? Well, because they could
typically go two to three times longer
than the average person's driving
distance, they were used like most cars
on the road, commuting to work, going to
taking the kids to school, going to the
grocery stores. They were a normal car.
Most of these early drivers were very
enthusiastic about driving EVs and
enjoyed participating in the new EV
community. These were great cars to use
in cities, but they really weren't
practical for road trips. So, part of
the challenge was the lack of charging
standards. You were just talking about
that at the previous presentation. But
what's different back then, there were
four different charging standards and
they were really mostly incompatible
with the others. So if you pulled up to
a charger, it would have to be the white
right one for yours. It would have to be
working and it wouldn't be blocked by
another internal combustion engine. So
there were a lot of challenges back in
the early days. Uh they really weren't
good for they weren't made for road
trips. So you'll notice the two on the
left actually say J1772.
That's actually the protocol used, not
the physical connector. The connectors
are different, but actually I took my
old charger from my Honda and I actually
modified it with a new plug and it
worked fine on the new car, too. So, it
it was the same protocol. The other one,
J1773, like what I have with our RAV, is
induction, which never which which ended
up uh dying. So, except for the 207 Epic
vans, the maximum charging speed in
these cars would get about 20 miles of
range for every hour of charging, which
was fine for an urban vehicle living in
the city. Public charging was limited,
and in between cities, there were very
few chargers, like a few between LA and
San Diego, but they were very rare. Made
road trips challenging, so most people
didn't even try. While EV road trips are
not headline news today, there was one
truly extraordinary road trip about 28
years ago. In May of 1998, Chris Trexler
took nearly a 3,000mi road trip in his
EV1 from LA to GM's headquarters in
Detroit, Michigan. This was an
impressive feat considering there was no
public charging available for the entire
journey. He would drive about 60 miles
and then he would stop for three hours
and charge with his level two charger
and it took him three weeks to get
there. But he did make this incredibly
epic road trip.
And Michael Moore made a film called
Roger and Me that came out in 1989. It
was very critical of Roger Smith. Roger
Smith also stepped down as the chairman
of GM eight months after the GM impact
announcement. And while R&amp;D continued at
GM, the new upper management had a very
different agenda. They were in court
fighting against the MOA, aggressively
working to kill the EV program.
So, how were they marketed? Well, there
was very little marketing done for EVs,
but when there was, it is unlike
anything I've ever seen for a car or
about anything else since. I actually
think they did more to encourage people
not to get an EV than to get an EV. At
best, there was little to no effort to
tell customers why they should want one.
At worst, well, I think you'll see what
I mean. Here are three commercials from
GM for the EV1.
Fire.
The electric car is here.
So, while it was well produced and kind
of fun, but using a power outage to
promote an electric vehicle doesn't make
a lot of sense. And also, what about the
rise of the machines and the lack of
people in that commercial? Does it
doesn't make anyone say, "Yes, I need
one of those in my driveway." So, here's
another one.
Is this what all those science fiction
writers had in mind?
&gt;&gt; The electric car is here.
&gt;&gt; So, in a 30 secondond spot, the first 20
seconds didn't say anything informative.
Matter of fact, didn't say a word at
all. And what they did, while they did
say it was here, they also linked it to
fiction, which implies that it's not
real. But it's the next one that is
really way out there.
How does it go without gas and air?
How does it go without sparks and
explosions?
How does it go without gears or
transmissions?
How does it go? You will ask yourself.
And then you will ask,
how did we go so long without it?
The electric car. It isn't coming.
It's here.
So, with lots of eerie sounds and
visuals of a post-nuclear apocalypse
that also includes a flash and a boom
with the sound of sizzling right near
the end of the ad, the message to
customers is clearly not that you should
want one of these. It's more of the
electric car is here. Be afraid. Be very
afraid.
Here's a take from Toyota.
&gt;&gt; This car won't help you get a better
table at a fancy restaurant.
It may not impress your co-workers
and it won't make up for your receding
hairline.
It has, however, one quality most
automobiles can't claim.
It will make the world a better place to
live in.
The zero emission pure electric Toyota
RAV 4 EV, just one of our many
environmental solutions.
So, well, Toyota did a bit better, but
talking about your receding hairline and
not impressing your co-workers is not
anything I've ever heard used to sell a
car before. And at least the ending
tagline would make the world a better
place if you got one. But the commercial
is very clear. It is not a sexy car.
Said differently, it's not the car you
want to get, but it's what you should
get. Now, go take your cod liver oil and
enjoy your gluten-free muffin and kale
salad.
So due to litigation led by General
Motors in January of 2003, Carb
announced a series of quote amendments
that ended the requirement to have any
EVs on the road. And Card shifted the
focus from fuel cells to uh two fuel
cells and hybrids. And as soon as the
car companies were no longer required to
have electric vehicles on the road, they
took them off the road when the lease
ended. The last of the EV1s was
confiscated in 19 in late 1994.
These EV1s, I took a picture of the the
top row of them, were gathered at the
old GM Vanise plant in California before
being transported to Mesa, Arizona to be
crushed.
And it was not just GM. All six
manufacturers were retrieving their
lease cars and sending them to the
Crusher. But the passionate EV community
started to push back on the automakers
and the numerous false narratives that
were coming out of the automotive
industry. They claimed there was no
interest when there was long waiting
lists for people to try to get one of
these cars. And no one ever purchased
one. Well, because virtually none were
ever offered for sale. They were lease
only vehicles. But the EV community
staged media events to bring attention
to the story and including high pro
including this high-profile event that
got news coverage, a funeral for the EV.
Unfortunately, it did not stop GM from
taking all the EV1s off the road.
But a year and a half later, there was
some good news. On January 14th, 2005,
led by Heather Bernoff and David Ravoy,
several Ford Ranger EV drivers and EV
supporters began an EV vigil at the Ford
dealership in Sacramento to protest Ford
Motor Company's confiscation and
destruction of the Ford EV pickups.
After a week-long truck sitin event,
Ford reversed its decision and Ford made
an amazing offer. After their leases
expired, they would offer their vehicles
to be purchased by the drivers for $1.
And most of the remaining 400 trucks
were purchased and then therefore save
from the crusher. Uh the community uh
next set out to get GM to do the same
thing. In early 2005, someone discovered
78 EV1s in remaining still in a parking
lot at the back of a GM training
facility in Burbank, California. And
starting on February 16th, 2005, a
24-hour EV1 vigil began for what became
a very wet February in California to
save the last of the EV1s.
and we started getting news coverage
about these cars and our $ 1.9 million
offer to purchase these cars with no
product liability. Unfortunately, a
month later, GM dug their heels in and
they called uh transportation trucks to
haul away and destroy the remaining
cars. Alexander Paul, no relation to me,
has used her RAV 4 to block the truck
and she and Colette Divine were both
arrested on March 14th, 2005, trying to
prevent the trucks from leaving.
Obviously, we were not successful, but
more than that, GM had gone from being
the hands-down worldwide leader in EV
development to not accidentally, but
intentionally going out of the way to
sabotage and destroy their leadership
position. And I'm not saying it was the
demise of the EV1 specifically that
caused it directly, but it's not lost to
me that while GM worked so hard to dro
destroy their future with the EV1, the
same GM also went bankrupt a few years
later. You know, the tox the timing or
the thinking of GM at the time was
toxic. Fortunately, today is a very
different GM.
In 2005, Linda Nichols and her husband
Howard both drove Toyota RAV 4 EVs. His
was purchased new uh but hers was leased
except for the color. The cars were
identical, but Linda's car was slated
for destruction at the end of the lease
with no option to purchase it. Linda and
a group of others started the don't
crush movement. They parodyied Toyota's
moving forward campaign with a moving
backward campaign. And thanks to their
effort, Toyota stopped destruction of
some of their lease EVs. And it's
estimated that somewhere between 220 uh
200 to 220 of the RAV 4s were saved.
There were nearly 5,000 fully capable EV
manufactured EVs manufactured during the
MOA era. Please note that with the
exception of 101 of the RAV 4 EVs, all
EVs were lease only vehicles with no
option to purchase them. You know, and
oddly, while GM was determined to crush
the EV1s after the leases ended, there
were about 60 of the S10 electrics that
were sold, which essentially were the
same drivetrain as the EV1 that GM did
allow to be sold when their leases
ended. You know, while a few EVs were
put in museums and donated to
universities after being disabled, a few
of those got out, but the vast majority
of them were retrieved and destroyed,
but thanks to a passionate community,
hundreds of these vehicles were used on
the road for years. So, after the MOA,
it was a dark time. But there were five
major reasons that made the current era
of the modern EV possible.
One was the federal clean air act of
1970 that gave California the country's
largest and smoggiest market the
authority to set its own se separate and
stricter than federal emissions
regulations. Two was a small but
passionate EV community that stood up
and fought for these underdog vehicles
ultimately forming a group to educate a
lobby for EVs plug in America back in
August of 2005.
And I apologize in advance because I
know I'm omitting many people, but at
least each one of these tireless
warriors need to be recognized for their
role in pioneering advocacy for electric
cars. Each one of them and so many
others were heroes during this MOA era
and beyond. And the OEVA continues that
work today. What they started and we
started. And there was this documentary,
the movie that changed everything. On
June 28th, 2006, Who Killed the Electric
Car was released nationwide into
theaters, later on DVD, now streaming.
It is written and directed by Chris
Payne, a former EV1 driver, and it
inspired tens of thousands of people to
write to Congress to demand EVs in the
mid 2000s and reinspire them the
industry to move forward. And I give
Chris and this movie tremendous credit
for where we are today. If you have not
watched it, it's worth a few dollars to
stream it, but at low quality, you can
actually find it from archive.org. Um,
it's really a great, it does a great job
at telling that portion of the story.
Entrepreneurs, and I'm going to focus on
two of the most important
entrepreneurial ventures that occurred
during the post MOA era. Uh, AC
Propulsion founded in 1992 by Alan
Kakonei, Wally Repel, and Paul Krosa.
They specialize in alternating
currentbased drivetrain systems for
electric cars.
AC motors and their controllers are what
make the modern electric vehicle
possible. Tom Gage became CEO of AC
Propulsion, was involved in creating the
T0, the Ebox, and many other vehicles.
Tom Hanks, seen here in his custom
painted RAV 4 EV, became a primary
investor in AC propulsion, and took
delivery the very first EBOX in 2008.
Lithium ionpowered versions of T of the
T0 demonstrated what was possible.
And here's a video that talks about the
incredible T0 from nearly 23 years ago.
&gt;&gt; Hi, I'm Tom Gage, president of AC
Propulsion.
&gt;&gt; Hi, I'm Alan Kakonei, original founder
of AC Propulsion. We'd like to show you
a couple of cars we built.
&gt;&gt; So, this is the T0. We designed to show
the ultimate performance that's
available with electric vehicle
technology.
&gt;&gt; T0 is an engineering term. T for time.
Zero indicating the beginning of a new
time sequence. So for Tom and Allen, T0
represents the start of a new beginning.
&gt;&gt; So it's very different from a gas
powered car. If you put the big V8 with
the supercharger in there, it's going to
really be lousy around town when you're
just going to the grocery store. Well,
the T0, that's not the case. It's one of
the most efficient electric cars around
in terms of energy use per mile. And yet
it'll outperform Ferraris and
Lamborghinis on the drag strip.
&gt;&gt; This is one of the lithium ion battery
cells we're using to power the T0. Now,
this is not a very large battery. So,
obviously, we have to assemble it into
larger modules. Most car batteries
you're used to are made out of a bunch
of small plates, put in one big box. And
we basically take 68 of these and
assemble them into one big block. So,
you end up with a module that's about
the size of a normal car battery. And we
have 100 of these 68 cell blocks in the
car, which is a total of 6,800 cells,
3,400 each side of the car. With nearly
350 lbs of batteries housed on either
side of the car, the T0 has an optimum
weight balance needed for sports cars
and handling corners at top speed.
Recharging those batteries only takes 3
hours and lasts 300 m.
This is what an electric motor looks
like before it's mounted in the vehicle.
Instead of shifting gears and multiple
moving parts, all of which cause wear
and tear, this has one drive shaft
spinning at a max of 13,000 RPMs.
So simple, you can spin it with your
finger. Most impressive, however, is how
the batteries can charge themselves
through everyday driving. One difference
that's immediately apparent when you
drive this car relative to normal
internal combustion vehicle is that when
you let off the throttle the car slows
down in a very smooth controlled manner,
which means you don't have to use the
brakes for normal driving. And in fact,
you use all the energy from the motion
of the car to recharge the batteries a
bit every time you slow down, which
helps to increase your range of probably
up to 40% for city driving.
&gt;&gt; You're up to 60 in about 3.6 seconds and
your head snapped back. I even had a
feeling of uh of almost uh not blacking
out but just a little disorientation
from the acceleration.
&gt;&gt; So I think the name T0 is very prophetic
as it did start a new time sequence for
the modern EV. It was not only the first
EV to not only exceed 200 miles but 300
miles of driving and it was the first
supercar performance EV. AC Propulsions
T0 and the M ended and the end of the
MOA inspired Martin Eberhard and Mark
Tarponing to start a new company and
create a mass-produced electric sports
car. They founded Tesla in 2003 without
Elon Musk. The T0 was the most
influential vehicle that inspired the
creation of the Tesla Roadster
and set the stage for Elon Musk to
participate in the first round of
funding in February of 2004. These are
some of the just brilliant minds that
made this accomplished pos uh this
movement possible. Again, apologies for
leaving out so many people as each of
their accomplishments has contributed
here. But I need to make special mention
of Alan Kakonei, the person you just saw
in that last video seen on the left on
the center image. He's now a retired
engineer and he is in my opinion the
single most important person who enabled
the modern electric movement to begin
because of Allen's effort. He is the
inventor of the control electronics that
were used in the Sunraer, the GM Impact,
the GMEV1, and the T0 and made
everything else possible. So, charging
standards, mentioned that a little bit
earlier. Charging standards, aka aka
J1772, was agreed to back in 2001 as the
standard. In 2008, a new connector was
established that could deliver higher
power level two and supported charging
up to 80 amps. That's essentially what
we call today the J plug or J772.
But as DC fast charging that's the
gamecher that enables uh EVs to go long
for longd distance driving.
Unfortunately the DC charging standards
were not established until uh 2011 after
cars started appearing on the roads with
both types of fast chargers uh
connectors. That's why we have CCS1 and
Chado charging stations still in North
America. And this is long before the
Tesla supercharging aka NX or North
American charging standard or J3 3400
that we're transitioning to currently,
but that's a topic really for a
different presentation. Fortunately,
both CCS1 and and and the uh Tesla
standard are interchangeable with an
adapter. The manufacturers started
developing EVs again partly due to
domestic demand for electric vehicles,
partially due to Tesla developing the
incredible Tesla Roadster and partially
due to the reaction of seeing other
companies in other countries which were
now starting to lead the way. You know,
thankfully GM reversed course and
developed and promoted the first modern
plug-in vehicle, the Chevy Volt range
extended EV, and Nissan created the Leaf
as the first mass-production EV. Wait,
but breaking news? What could be
possibly breaking news in a presentation
on history? Well, on October 31st, 2005,
uh, sorry, 2025, an original GME EV1,
VIN number 212 was purchased legally at
an auction at an Atlanta, Georgia
impound lot after being considered to be
an abandoned vehicle after it was
damaged uh, at Clark Atlanta University
in storage. Vin 212 was the only EV1
that is now legally and privately owned.
So Billy Caruso purchased it and it is
in and him and his incredible team is in
the process of meticulously restoring
the EV1 and they expect to have it fully
operational by November 14th as this
year in this year as a celebration of
the 30th anniversary for when the first
EV1 was delivered to a customer and they
have posted the entire process on
YouTube. After the car was purchased, GM
started paying attention. Instead of
what GM did in the past where they were
trying to destroy the cars, GM is not
only supportive of the restoration
project. They uh actually made last
month a he authorized a team of people
to scavenge an old EV1 from a donor
vehicle. All the parts that Billy needed
for the for the car and they sent a
crate full of irreplaceable parts like a
like a replacement windshield and all
sorts of things that were damaged on the
V212 so Billy can get the car on the
road fully functional as a fully
functional EV1. So, please consider
supporting the program on on Patreon.
So, I had to update my chart.
So, now there's one there's one EV1 that
was purchased. Two. Not legally.
&gt;&gt; Not legally.
&gt;&gt; I I I said a few got out. Not legally.
This one is actually legally owned. It
is He has a He has a um uh insurance
card for it. And
&gt;&gt; I mean, if they got a a different
attitude now, they could certainly make
it. They could, but right now what I'm
saying is there's only one legally owned
vehicle out there.
&gt;&gt; GM's helping with the restoration.
&gt;&gt; GM is has contributed to the restoration
of that project, including the
incredibly rare uh brake control system
that when GM disabled these cars and
donated them to universities and
museums, they took key components, they
cut wires, they did certain things that
they just disabled these cars. GM has
donated those parts from a donor car to
the V212 project and it's pretty
incredible. So, do watch the YouTube
videos. They're long, but they're kind
of interesting. Um, but especially the
ones that came out in uh beginning of
last month or mid mid last month where
they went to GM headquarters. It's a
very different GM and I'm really excited
about it. So, it's not the end of the
story and it's not the whole story, but
is the end of my presentation. So, happy
to answer any questions. Watch the
videos for the new
&gt;&gt; they're V212.
&gt;&gt; Where would I find those?
&gt;&gt; YouTube. Just look up V212 on YouTube.
It'll take you to their channel. It's
called the Quest Questionable Garage.
And they uh but they have incredible
they they've stripped it down to
nothing. I mean, they literally stripped
the entire vehicle down to zero. And
they've been they did a full uh body
treatment to remove any corrosion that
was on the car. and they've they're
building it back up, but they've been
documenting the process. And GM now, we
weren't sure at the beginning if they
were going to be helpful or not. They
sent a very ominous letter at the very
beginning. We weren't sure if they were
going to be like, "That's our car. You
can't have it." Because there was
actually a contract with the university
uh when the car was uh when the car was
uh at the university, there was a a deal
that they could never sell it and they
could never they could never give it to
anyone. So what happened? They uh the
car got damaged. It was put outside
because the building collapsed. It was
put outside. The front windshield was
broken and one of the windows was
broken. And um the car sat outside and
then somebody said, "There's this old
car with a broken windshield and they
they called the police. The police
looked up the VIN number and said,
"That's not a real car. Uh that's not a
it's nothing on the road today." And
they impounded it, put it to an impound
lot. It sat on the impound lot and the
um while it was sitting on the impound
lot, it had to be there for 30 days and
they had to advertise to say anyone owns
this car, they got to speak up now.
Nobody spoke up and Billy and it went
into this insane bidding war. It sold
for over $100,000 in in but it was
actually purchased and it's legal and
it's a contract based on on Georgia law
and GM like I said they GM could have
been a jerk about it but instead of
being difficult the way they have been
they've actually been very supportive
and I'm I'm really thrilled that GM has
changed their attitude from where they
were in the past. So
&gt;&gt; wondering to what extent the the OvonX
patent for nickel nickel cadmium
&gt;&gt; uh nickel metal hydide.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Nickel. Yeah. Hydrate. That I'm
wondering to what extent that
&gt;&gt; that actually accelerated lithium
technology and is responsible for us
having high range vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Oh it it because they've been able to
make that affordable pack lease right
&gt;&gt; or whatever you call it. Um, and I don't
think there would have been such a push
to go lithium and we wouldn't have the
right
&gt;&gt; the long range.
&gt;&gt; I I think you're right. There was
investigations into lithium and as I I
mentioned earlier in the presentation,
the Nissan uh ultra EV was based on
lithium ion batteries. So, they had that
technology back in the late 90s, but it
was very experimental. And I I agree
with you. The fact that GM sold their
patents, GM Ovonic sold their patents to
Chevron Texico and Texico went to
Panasonic who built the car, the
batteries for my car, and said, "You're
not allowed to build anymore. That's
it." And so they ended production on the
batteries and that essentially ended
production on everything else. So it's
Yeah, it's a long complicated story, but
all the all
&gt;&gt; why the Prius has such a small capacity.
&gt;&gt; That's right. But all these things have
a uh cumulative impact. And that's why I
said it's not a simple this caused that.
It it's many different things. But this
era, things that happened between 1987
and 2011 really set the stage for where
we are today with practical long range
electric vehicles that have better
charging infrastructure that'll enable
road trips that just work the way
they're supposed to. But the old tech
works. I mean, I have a RAV out there
and it's great. And you're you're 1920
uh not with old battery tech, but I
mean, it's still it's amazing the
technology that's in, you know, this is
not a new concept for for, you know,
cars today. This is a very wellproven
concept. So, any other questions?
Oh, thank you very much.