Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi Economics Are Shocking Fleets
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70adtlAw2x0
Published:   2026-05-13 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-13 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Giga iOS is moving right along, but of
course we don't have good footage this
week. So, we're going to be talking
about Fremont factory. There have been
some changes, but we're also going to
talk about some semi- news because that
might be why you're here. And we've got
a whole bunch of comments to answer and
address from last week. We're still
doing drone footage. And when I say we,
of course, I mean Mark from the Tesla
Life joining me as he so frequently
does. I don't understand what's going
on. I turn on the computer. There he is
walking me all day. It's very strange.
Brian, welcome to Futura.
&gt;&gt; So, I just remembered that. Yeah,
actually, I have to send you a link for
you to join before these shows. I guess
I may have overstated it a little.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, after after the show's over for
the week, I just hang around and wait
till next week. So, that's why I don't
need a new link.
&gt;&gt; Of course. that that just that just
makes sense. Uh we are going to be
starting with uh you know a mention of
what we normally do. What we do is we
cover the the drone footage. We explain
what's going on. We contextualize it.
Zangler did not post a video last week,
so we do not have one to cover. Um but
what we do have is some semi- news. We
have semi semi- newsworthy news. Tesla
Semi is now showing up on some of the
company's various websites in Europe,
including the UK. Tesla Semi is expected
to launch in Europe in 27 at the
earliest range and it's only the
standard range uh trim that's listed,
but you know, great. That's exciting,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and there's not as much
long haul trucking in Europe. Uh there
is some, but it's you could certainly uh
start with the lower range vehicle and
and do quite well, I'm sure.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And it makes sense, especially if
you're going to be potentially building
them there. Um, it might be better to uh
get as many 4680s as you can u for as
many vehicles rather because the battery
pack is one-third smaller. And how do we
know that? Um, because there is actually
a leak. Oh no. Tesla Semi's official
battery capacity leaked. No. Nope. It
was published. I'm pretty sure that's
I don't know why you'd call it that, but
the answer to the question on everyone's
mind is standard range 548 kilowatt
hours, long range 822
kilwatt hours. That's a economically
sized pack for the kind of range you're
getting.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Efficiency is king at Tesla and
uh this these figures definitely show
that. Uh we've we've known for some time
about the uh mileage per kilowatt hour,
but uh now we know the actual pack
sizes,
&gt;&gt; the exact size because you know you
could do the math yourself and come out
to a number very close to this, but now
you don't have to. Sawyer shared some of
the programs that we have seen in terms
of funding. California HVIP over 100
million in funding granting you anywhere
from 120 to 330,000 in funding per
truck. Uh, for reference, the Tesla Semi
does not cost 330,000.
But even if you put that 120 on there,
now you're down to 170, which means it's
about price par with diesel. Oregon has
less funding, uh, but is a much less
populous state. Washington state has
some funding, and there's others coming
up. Uh these are the truck already can
make sense for a whole lot of buyers,
but at this point the question is why
aren't we getting one? I mean, if you're
in one of those states and you are
involved in trucking and logistics,
maybe uh you should do some research so
when the time comes uh you'll be
prepared. Now, Mark, I did get uh some
complaints last week that uh not on on
this show, but on the other one, that
you could not see the full animation.
We're going to just play it now.
Yeah. So, subscribe is what I'm saying.
Bonus, special bonus. You can go to
Mark's channel. He'll let you subscribe
as well. Please do that. It really does
help out. Growth is very difficult.
People just don't subscribe anymore.
They just count on YouTube to show them
stuff.
&gt;&gt; And when you do subscribe,
&gt;&gt; I'm not even sure if it increases the
likelihood you'll see the stuff. Maybe
hit the bell for that. I'm only
publishing generally once a day,
sometimes twice. It will not drive you
entirely insane. Only partially.
&gt;&gt; Just a little. Just a little.
&gt;&gt; Just a little bit. Now, this confused
me. I thought servants life. Well, this
is clearly met God in wildernesses of
coverage. He has created a second
channel because um on his other stuff he
does a lot of inspirational and whatnot.
Uh so this is what we're covering today
is Fremont from the perspective of just
this channel. Just his his uh drone I
mean mostly drone. I guess we're still
seeing other stuff as well, but more of
a technical channel, less of the
inspirational stuff. Tesla Fremont. Ever
heard of it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And apparently uh they've got a
fire department, too.
I don't know if they do. They They must,
right? Factories that size often do. So,
here is the hoofage, uh, which is what I
call my foot. Uh, because it's more like
a hoof. Okay. So, do you notice anything
new in this in this shot here? By the
way, I did give this video a like. If
you guys go over there, you should as
well. That also part of today's
complimentary offer. Very good deal.
What I did notice was that um there
seemed to be some stretch limos at the
back of that photo.
&gt;&gt; Well,
&gt;&gt; look, look at how long those vehicles
are. They look huge.
&gt;&gt; They look huge. They're not huge. Do you
notice the color? Those are the
foundation SNX.
&gt;&gt; Getting ready for the event. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Getting ready for the event. Was
supposed to happen a couple days ago uh
two yesterday. It's now going to happen
next week. little unfortunate uh in this
I noticed this a while maybe six eight
months ago and I posted it on on X but
what are these uh what are these white
balls out here in the in the racetrack?
&gt;&gt; Oh, good question. Um what the heck
would they be doing sitting out there in
the middle of the test track?
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; Uh they're they're kind of boxed in.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what those Those are
Starlink gateways.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. Okay.
&gt;&gt; What a great first customer for doing a
big trial of them.
&gt;&gt; They've had these for quite some time
now. And these provide Well, imagine
what the IT cost is, what the what the
uh internet connection cost is for a
facility like this. It's got to be
outrageous. And this uh also outrageous,
maybe less so. And I imagine they could
have gotten a discount because they are
uh you know triing it.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; For a sister company on the rooftop,
do you notice anything at the top there?
What's all What's all this?
&gt;&gt; A patchwork of solar panels.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You see, the roof was never
designed to have solar panels. It was
built a long time ago.
&gt;&gt; So they put them where they can. It's
not complete coverage. It's what
coverage is reasonable. there's not much
tall stuff to interfere,
&gt;&gt; right? And and you've got to keep some
of the equipment available for
maintenance. So, you want pathways to be
usable uh to get to the equipment and,
you know, not damage solar panels. So,
it's kind of a patchwork of where they
can put it.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And since the roof was never
designed for it, it's entirely possible
that a lot of the roofs aren't something
you'd want to walk on necessarily, that
you could damage it too easily, that
maybe it's not good for secure mounting.
There's a number of reasons, but there
is prior to, contrary to popular belief,
a lot of solar on
&gt;&gt; and it does it does kind of look like
8bit art that you'd see in old video
games.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's Space Invaders. They're
invading the space, right? Clearly
pretty sure that's how it works. Uh, one
thing you'll notice around the the place
is a whole lot of empty racks. Now, when
I saw that, I thought that's too many
empty racks. Uh, but later in the video,
you will find plenty of full racks. So,
not a concern. Just means they have
surplus racks available.
&gt;&gt; And there storage is a different
situation at Fremont. They use every
available square foot of space that they
have because they don't have a lot of
it.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely true. The property site was
larger when it was owned by NUME. When
Tesla purchased it, they gave up a chunk
of land at the north, which had been
their loading and logistics lot. That
property is now condos. Uh so Toyota
made out probably got all their money
back just by selling that. And if not,
the poultry sum they were paid in just
stock turned into a fortune. It would be
billions today if they hadn't sold. But
they did sell. So, we've got new work
going on out here in the in the lot. And
my question, this is for Wrong Answers
Only. What are they doing?
Huh?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know what they're
doing. Wrong answers only is the time in
the show when I ask you guys to leave a
comment telling me what they're working
on, but it has to be a wrong answer. How
hard could it be? Turns out uh we get
some really great bad answers. It's
wonderful. Stick around. We will have
those in this episode as well from last
week's coverage of the semifactory. And
then we've got the castings I did
mention out here. And there are those
are all castings. That's a ton of them
right here on the ground. And at the top
of the building here, this is, by the
way, these two buildings with the red
crane over it, these are the two um
casting buildings, mostly open air.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then above it, all above the the
building here and the larger building to
the left of it, you will see those are
all castings. And to your right are all
those new condos in what used to be the
loading and logistics lot of the NUMI
plant. Hm.
&gt;&gt; And look at the size of that wall to
keep my eyes out.
&gt;&gt; Didn't stop the drone though, did it?
&gt;&gt; Didn't did not. If you pull up on the
side there, there is or was parking
there. And it was uh you can just hear
the clatter of manufacturing taking
place, which really has to make those uh
condos onetenth of a percent cheaper,
I'm guessing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be interesting to
listen to that all day. don't think that
would be a good scenario.
&gt;&gt; I I I I'd love it,
but but you know, and again,
everything's priced based on the market
and it's the Bay Area, so I assume those
condos costillion
dollar. They could be apartments, but I
I suspect they're not. I suspect they're
they're that. So, that is the coverage
from that. Yeah, good stuff, right?
Well, you also notice if you watch this
video as a whole, um it really comes
down to congestion at this factory. Like
it, like I said, there there are there's
little room for maneuverability. Uh they
seem to put everything everywhere. It
seems to be quite the mess compared to
what we've been seeing at iOS. Uh this
is a this is a completely different
operation because of course the plant
was already here. It wasn't designed by
Tesla. They just had to fit into what
they could
&gt;&gt; and they make it work. Yeah. They hermit
crabbed into that building. They're
doing their best.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh this is the part of the show where we
answer your questions. Yeah.
Very good. We had an infinite uh number
of these, but uh you know, I forgot one
time and oh look, I didn't like the
video. Y'all are free to share me. join
me in in this moment of joy. And uh the
share button's right there. You can do
that as well. It's a heck of a deal.
Let's get into the questions. First, we
go to the serious questions, or more
serious, not the wrong answers only. Not
all of these are serious. Why has it
been so long since Zangler posted an
update? I think there should be a few
updates on how many semis are coming off
the line each day. I agree. He's
probably a little burnt out. He
definitely he could be kicked into high
gear again just by getting some love.
Dan Priestley, would you please invite
him for the tour for a tour? We know you
do them sometimes. He deserves it.
&gt;&gt; Indeed.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't Yeah, it doesn't seem like
Zangler's subscribers have increased
over the last couple of months. You've
been promoting his channel seems to
hover in the 10,000 area. Yeah, I'm I'm
doing my best. I can understand the
frustration. Two weeks ago, Mark, do you
remember we were wearing bright red and
bright green shirts?
and uh Scott here. Port and starboard
lights on a ship. More accurately,
portly and starboard.
&gt;&gt; Oh no.
&gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Can you believe that
Scott would use a word like portly to
describe you?
&gt;&gt; It's disappointing, Scott. That's very
disappointing.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure he meant I'm sure he meant you.
&gt;&gt; All right. I thought of talking about
deliveries. Has anyone mentioned the
range of either semi? when bobtail when
no load is being carried. So I tried to
find the answer to that and the short
answer is longer. The official answer is
no answer. The estimate from truckers is
anywhere from about 600 to 800 with some
saying it could be even higher. It could
be in the 900 range, but 6 to 800 seems
to be the consensus hovering around 680
690 longer. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you'll find that that's really
not a a stat that's tracked because of
course if you're not pulling a trailer,
you're not making any money. So guess
what? Uh firms that use these vehicles,
they're always looking for back haul
loads to move another trailer someplace
else to pick up another trailer. That's
just that's just the nature of the
business.
&gt;&gt; That's true. If you are a shipper in
Tennessee and you go to Nevada to pick
yours up, I could see them wanting to
bring something back on a contract basis
just to make it make sense.
&gt;&gt; Y makes sense. Yeah, makes sense to me.
Uh speaking of Tennessee, I live near
Nashville. When can I expect to see a
significant number of Tesla semis on our
streets? Well, you can you're going to
have to wait a little while because of
course uh with the uh with the um I
guess uh tax breaks and such that are
available, a lot of its west coast and
of course um Tesla has started to
populate the West Coast as well with
sales. So they're going to be it's not
like they're going to be producing
25,000 overnight. they're going to ease
into the production and a lot of those
rigs are already spoken for with
existing contracts. So, Nashville is
going to be a little while. And of
course, you want the infrastructure to
be in Nashville as well. You want some
of those those uh mega chargers to be
set up uh around the state in and out uh
to help companies. Uh, yes, they could
be used if they were just regional and
they could charge at their depot
overnight, but um I think you're going
to be it's going to be a little while
before many of them are on the on the
streets.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to agree on every point. I was
going to say if they're within
250 miles of of Atlanta, maybe Coca-Cola
is the first to get them, but I just saw
it's exactly 250 miles. That's not
enough for the round trip. You may see
them sooner. You may see a a company
that, you know, of course, sets up their
own charging at the depot, but I'm going
to agree with Mark that most likely that
western states where incentives are more
common are going to be the first
customers. Makes makes sense to me. Um,
would be great if you could interview an
actual driver, not a test driver, but
the guys who've driven it on long
distances. Now, I'm you guys can read
the rest of this if you want, but I'm
just going to say he's right. Uh, Noel
is correct. I would love to. I do not
know any of them and no company is
willing to give me that information. If
you uh know an electric semi-d driver
who would be willing to talk with me,
any brand is fine. I would love to have
that conversation. Then he said, "Of
course, what I really should do is go
out on the road with them." It's like, I
don't I don't have time for that. I
don't have the budget to make something
like that happen. Uh
&gt;&gt; may maybe Brian will run across one or
two of them at the upcoming Michigan
show.
&gt;&gt; There is rumored to be a semi coming to
that event and we will mention that. Uh
why don't we mention that right now?
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; We are going to be at this event summer
meetup. Uh tickets on sale now. Going to
be a whole lot of crazy folks here.
David Moss is coming. I'll be there for
my what would this be? my fourth fourth
year in a row.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; I'm uh coordinating the speaker panel.
I'm We've got not one but two doctors,
probably more. Um Jim Spencer and John
Herity will be there. Jordan Gizigi,
Josh West 247, Mark's going to be there.
Oh, look at that. They took it right off
the channel. Isn't that fun? And yeah,
Matt Smith, Simon, Troy, lots of fun
people coming. gonna be.
&gt;&gt; And of course, the the Friday involves a
actual um light show that is free to
attend. So, if you're in the area,
please sign up for the for the free one
to participate. And if you even can't
participate, you can see the light show
for free
&gt;&gt; and you can bring your friends cuz it's
neat. It's neat. Beler wants to know if
I placed my order yet for the semi. Be a
badass truck.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it would.
&gt;&gt; It would. I can pretend the reason is
that I don't need one or that I don't
have a CDL uh or that I can't afford it,
but the real reason is it's all of
those. I don't even know where I park
it. Don't have a space.
&gt;&gt; Daily driver.
&gt;&gt; Daily driver. Just leave it sitting in
front of my house just blocking.
So, no. Hey, uh Mark, I think this is a
question for you. Is Canad a new country
that teaches math really well? I don't
know where Canad is, but um maybe that's
a possible.
&gt;&gt; Well, there was a comment last week that
was sufficiently insulting that we
included the typo. Uh so um so I'm going
to just say yes. Yes, they definitely um
gave up all the time on spelling to
dedicate to math.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, F15.
Why would anyone ever think they would
make battery cells in the semifactory
when the best battery factory in the
world is right next door? Short answer,
Zangler asked because he doesn't he
doesn't know. He's seen the inside of
Giga Nevada, but none of us have seen
the inside of the battery side. So, if
you don't know what the inside of it
looks like, if you've never seen a
battery factory, um it'd be reasonable
to believe you could do a smaller number
of batteries in a smaller space, but
battery factories are just very, very
big. So, why would someone think that?
It's a reasonable thing to think, I
would say.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Does Tesla get a cut of every kilowatt
hour going into the semis via the
charging network?
&gt;&gt; Do they get a cut of kilowatt hours
going into the semis? Are they making
profit? I think the question is, are
they making profit? And the answer
historically has been no. They do charge
a markup, but that remains within the
charging division to expand more
chargers more quickly. I believe on
semis, it would be the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That if you could charge your car at a
Tesla semi-charger, you'd get a better
rate because they're trying to keep they
know that the pennies matter. uh and
they don't need huge markups, especially
if a truck is taking, you know, five,
six, seven cars worth of juice. Uh they
can reduce the margin by five, six, 7%.
And still make the same amount of of
money.
&gt;&gt; And of course, they're reinvesting in
the network, right? They want to get the
network bigger, so they attract more
buyers of the vehicles, and it's just a
spiraling circle that helps everybody uh
involved in it. So yeah, they they take
a less of a profit because they can.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And yeah, and yeah, it helps the
growth. That's why superchargers were so
affordable in the early days was to spur
adoption. Um but as it grew, that was of
course not as sustainable. How much can
the semih hall? More than an internal
combustion semi. Uh but you know so
anyway uh this on this question this uh
commenter asked it took some time to
tease out what the question actually was
but but we've got it and this is it. And
the answer is yeah you can carry you can
have a gross vehicle weight of 82,000
instead of 80. Um and with a Tesla
uniquely you're only getting about a
2,000 lb weight penalty. So, for a
comparable uh performance-wise
diesel truck, you can carry the exact
same payload. If you count the weight of
the of the semi, if you count the weight
of the trailer, you're still hauling
about 45,000 lbs of cargo.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, you're you're even with with
the diesel trucks when it comes to the
payload you're actually taking in that
trailer.
&gt;&gt; And there's a couple ways that they've
saved weight. Tesla is the only company
I could find that makes EV semis in the
West, Europe, and the US, that does so
with no transmission. Some of them have
a two-speed or a four-speed
transmission, but they still have a real
transmission. With the Tesla, they have
a clutch that disengages the second axle
and just runs on the power from one axle
during typical loads, engaging all the
motors for heavy load, which gives them
the efficiency. Uh, but the other
companies still have a transmission
which can weigh 700 lb, a thousand. I
mean, a real beefy transmission can
weigh a ton. So, pro maybe more like
1500, but I I think I saw ones that were
up to a ton right there. Take that out.
That's extra cargo you can now haul.
That's extra weight you're not dragging
around. And one thing Dan uh Priestley
explained this week in a video with uh
Jordan from Monroe Live is that with a
normal semi, the motors up here, the
wheels are back here. It applies a lot
of torque to the uh to the whole system.
So they have to have a more rugged frame
to uh survive the that kind of stress
and it makes it so that it is uh very uh
you don't have to make as much uh
reinforcement in a Tesla semi. You're
wait you're saving weight there too.
&gt;&gt; More savings all of it just adds keeps
adding up and you might be able to get
away with lighter brakes since you have
regenerative braking. I don't know on
that one but there are a lot of clever
things Tesla has done. Hope that answers
it. This is a weird one from Farmer
Pete. Where will the semifactory be in
Europe? Probably Sweden is my guess.
&gt;&gt; I would say that since the hurdles have
already been met in Germany, they would
do it there.
&gt;&gt; Right next door to the battery factory.
That's my guess as well. They have the
land. They have permits for expansion.
I'm confident it would be in Germany.
And I don't know enough about Sweden's
manufacturing climate to know if there
are distinct advantages over Germany. If
it's substantially less uh fewer
regulatory hurdles, I don't know on
that, but the battery f but the factory
is already there. The executives are
already there. I think it would make
sense.
Corbin helpfully pointed out that I'd
said the square charger for the Tesla
Semi was proprietary and that the new
triangular one is the standard. Uh and
he corrected me saying, "No, no, no. The
square one which Tesla used that looked
like this was one of the proposed
standards. This almost became the
charger that was used at the time. It
looked like the leading contender. Tesla
used it. They didn't want They are part
of the consortium that's determining the
charging standard. The new one looks
like this. Tesla was also in on the
design process which I think makes sense
because it looks like they did.
&gt;&gt; It does. Uh, and I chose these pictures
because it gives a good perspective on
just how meaty this bastard is.
Uh, someone who referred to us as having
a shitload of wit. Prescott fool's inner
dyslexia heard a whitload of Well, inner
voices aren't always correct.
&gt;&gt; I think Prescott's pulling her leg.
&gt;&gt; It's still fun.
Now, this one, uh, Allan, this may be I
mean, this is your last warning because
we don't do this. And actually, uh,
there was one user I had to, uh, remove
from the channel. My comments are very
civil and constructive. I did have a
user I had to remove because they had
said that a Tesla Semi can only hold
6,000 over 200 miles. I corrected them
at length and then they said it again,
you're out. I'm not I'm not here to give
you use of my megaphone that I spent
years building. And to charge one up,
you need as much electricity as 3,000
houses need. Would it surprise you to
know that's not true? Even during the
height of the massive amount, one
megawatt, which is the most it can pull,
only handles about 200 homes. So,
yeah, that's not that's not correct.
It's not 3,000. And then the truck
unplugs and leaves and doesn't charge
again for hours or days. So many hours
like so. No. No.
Are you sure that's a video of bungee
dancing and not leaked video of the
Tesla Shanghai Optimus Training Center?
See, we uh we showed bungee dancing and
no, these could all be Optimuses.
Okay, so we're dealing with uh it's time
for
&gt;&gt; version 3.5, of course,
&gt;&gt; time for wrong answers only. And this
one uh we see a gentleman on his phone
in the cab. And the question last week
was uh what's what's he doing on his
phone? What is he actually doing? Now
again, this week's wrong answer only is
what was in that parking lot that was
being chewed up. This is last week's.
Don't need to answer this one. We're
We've got the answers for you.
Downloading the new Tesla FSD supervised
&gt;&gt; or semi.
&gt;&gt; We know that's coming, Doug. Indeed,
&gt;&gt; it's coming. Percious says, "Your wrong
answers only is NVH. Not very
hilarious." Um, incorrect. Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, truck drivers got to be
watching I assume he means Gordon
Johnson's review of the Nicola Semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's still happening for sure.
They are gone, by the way. And it looks
like Nicola only made like 2,200 semis
ever. So Tesla may have already
surpassed that number. We're not sure.
I'll have to double check. You guys look
it up and let me know how many semis
Nicola has made and our best guess of
how many semi Tesla has made, but I
think it's kind of the same number. He's
ordering his own Tesla semi, Mark.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That's why you have your phone out.
&gt;&gt; Or he's ordering food from the iW diner.
Is that
&gt;&gt; is that a thing?
&gt;&gt; Nah, he's watching Smokey and the Bandit
for screenplay remake ideas. If you got
the Tesla Roadster and the Tesla Semi,
you've got the pieces you need. We just
need to find an actor with a magnificent
mustache.
&gt;&gt; Validating the new Fruit Ninja base soy
test and Bluetooth interlock system.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that's deep, Darwin. That is deep.
That is great. That is just smart.
Almost certainly an employee. He's
responding to a stock alert as the Watt
EV purchase was announced. Wait, you
said wrong answers only. Dang. Uh Mark,
how many semis was that? Do you
remember?
&gt;&gt; 370.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 300. And that's one customer.
&gt;&gt; They obviously like their trial. They
liked it very much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, they previously had
purchased maybe a dozen Nickeola trucks.
No word on if they're still in on the
road. Wrong answer. New test drivers
trying to figure out where to insert the
ignition key.
I was looking at a YouTube of Bill Gates
telling Elon electric trucks will never
work.
&gt;&gt; Never work. Indeed.
&gt;&gt; You know, just 5 months ago, Electric
Viking said, "Electric trucks do work.
They've got 25% market share in China."
And admitted that he was one of the
people who said, "I don't think it's
going to make sense." He was wrong.
Takes a big man to admit that. I've met
him. He's a big man. He's a big dude. If
all semi-drivers are in the middle, do
we now call a Tesla semi-driver a
Malcolm?
&gt;&gt; Of course, a Malcolm in the middle.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh-huh. And of course, you know, the guy
uh with the blue checked shirt. You're
gosh darn diddly right.
&gt;&gt; He's Ned Flanders voice.
&gt;&gt; Uh well, I mean, he's he's so I'm pretty
uncertain.
They're trying out the new remote
control driving option on the Tesla app.
Sure.
Uh, this is news I can use apparently.
So can Tesla stock. I mean, we all need
a big F. Wrong answer. It's trying to
get a robo taxi. Stock's been volatile.
Was way up on Monday, was down a little
on Tuesday. Me. I mean, as execution
takes place, these things, you know,
these blips will be meaningless. You
look back a week or two, you see the
zigzags. Doesn't mean anything.
He's probably texting people pictures of
his semi
&gt;&gt; because he just got in it. Yes. Look
what I'm in.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think he's Yes, that's
definitely the joke that EVs is
making and not something else because
you got to send those pictures to
completion. Hey, uh, wrong answer.
Drivers playing a putting a polymarket
bet on the number of Tesla semis
produced this week. Cha-ching.
illegal practice and common.
&gt;&gt; He's putting in a sell order on his
Tesla sock because no self-respecting
trucker wants to make those stupid truck
noises with his mouth all day long.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Can you imagine just all day you're
like,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, he's Charles is right.
&gt;&gt; Charles is right.
&gt;&gt; They don't have a transmission. I I'll
just use my mouth and make a
transmission."
Wrong answer, guys. I can't find the
filler cap from a diesel.
&gt;&gt; By the way, do not pour diesel into the
charge port.
&gt;&gt; That would be a mistake. A big mistake.
&gt;&gt; Well, so guys, that's Wrong answers
only. Um, do me a favor if you would uh
head over to Mark's channel, check out
the Tesla Life every Wednesday, 400 PM
Pacific, 700 p.m. Eastern. They have a
heck of a fun show with Patrick and
Casey and a handful of us regulars
goofing around in the chat as we do.
Everybody else, you know, uh, like,
subscribe, and of course, I beg of you,
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots with
your wrong answers only about what was,
uh, shown in the parking lot cut up into
interesting little shapes. Uh, it's
going to be a big puzzle. We'll find out
next week. Take care.