Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       China Might Be Tesla’s Next Big Move
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adyQB19WZZM
Published:   2026-05-20 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-20 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We now have a better picture of the race
to self-driving and robo taxi with
several new developments. First, for the
first time ever, a fleet of Model Y robo
taxis were spotted in Chicago, and two
were found driving around the city.
Plus, more cyber caps were also seen
driving through the city. It seems
Chicago is included in the list of
upcoming cities for Tesla. Second, in an
interview a couple days ago, Elon Musk
said confidently that 10 years from now,
probably 90% of all distance driven will
be driven by the AI in a self-driving
car. And the CEO, Wave AI, another
self-driving company, said, "In 5 years,
if you're an automaker selling a car
that doesn't have self-driving
technology, your demand will fall off
the cliff." He says, "Of the 100 million
cars produced every year, only 15% have
advanced driver assistance, and there
are less than 10,000 robo taxis on the
roads today. This will change quickly."
Third, the head of autonomous driving
for Chinese automaker Lee Auto, he said
that Tesla's full self-driving remains
the industry benchmark. He said he wants
to criticize the constant claim from
some that they've already surpassed
Tesla when in reality the gap is still
enormous. The only reason they dare say
that is because Tesla FSE hasn't fully
entered the Chinese market yet. And when
it does roll out, they'll be completely
exposed. Finally, Tesla does seem to be
gearing up to roll out in China soon
with job openings for autonomous driving
test technicians in nine cities, data
labelers based in Shanghai, and urgently
seeking three FSE related testing and
validation experts. Today, we got Joe
Bacti joining us. He's an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back. So we're following the
development of robo taxi uh not only in
the US but across the world and uh today
we got lots of good video or interviews
from Elon and some experts in the space
uh really telling you what's actually
happening. So many people are confused
or they're misled to believe that
Tesla's efficacy is not as good but hear
it directly from the experts who test it
directly. Uh so first of all, we're
seeing more and more uh of these video
uh spotting of robo taxis. In this case,
for the first time ever, you got these
two unbadged robo taxi Model Y's in
Chicago. He found uh cruising around the
Aendale area. It had a rear camera
exclusive to robo taxi vehicles. So he's
proven that that's the case.
uh seems to be that this is where
validation vehicles um Aenddale being
the home base of downtown Chicago since
late March. And then he also found two
cyber cabs focused on interstate miles
downtown and side streets. The tailgate
did have the extra enclosure widely
assumed to house a Starlink. So this
does appear to be a robo taxi ready car.
And then even cyber caps were spotted
here as well. Um, yeah. And then, and by
the way, there's also I I mentioned here
that there's a fleet of robo taxis that
it was lined up. And then there there
was uh the ultra red ones and a bunch of
black ones. So, let me um show you these
videos. In the meantime, what's your
thoughts on this?
Well, I had a good conversation with
CERN Basher the other day on my channel
where we discussed the plan for the robo
taxi roll out and what the most likely
trajectory actually looks like because
some people are very frustrated right
now. They think we are delayed. They
think we are not scaling fast enough.
But when you look at what's happening on
the ground and here you have another
example that's Chicago. That's a ton of
robo taxis. Why is Tesla preparing all
these robo taxis all over the place and
deploying them into these cities and you
see dozens and dozens in all kinds of
cities and we're producing hundreds and
hundreds of cyber caps now every month.
Um something is brewing and I don't
think it will be brewing for much longer
before something happens. That's what I
think. So we should not just watch the
robo taxi tracker and watch you know
what people tweet on X but we should see
the signs and the signs on the ground
are how many of these cars are deployed
in how many cities and I think it's
clearly growing pretty pretty quickly
even though they're not fully in use
commercially and unsupervised but you
can't just keep scaling and scaling for
no reason right so we have these two
trajectories what is the preparation and
the fleet on the ground and how many are
actually in operation and there might be
like an L-shaped thing where it's
suddenly there right because I think the
better indicator is the physics physical
hardware on the ground and if that grows
like crazy I mean what do you think
they're doing with it so just watching
so the actual unsupervised robo taxis
and commercial operation might be a very
very trailing indicator and I think the
more reliable indicator is how many robo
taxis in how many cities
&gt;&gt; yeah I You're absolutely correct. That
is the best indicator more so than the
robo taxi tracker which is miscounting
anyways. That is what's happening in
those cities. But we're watching it all
over many many cities. Where is it? 38
cities where they're hiring and you're
spotting cyber caps. They're testing it.
But what does that mean? Eventually
they're going to roll that out. But this
is there's this is the first time we saw
a fleet, you know, like a fleet of them
in a parking lot. So they are staging
this in many many cities not just the
ones we've already reported on Dallas
&gt;&gt; fleet in a parking lot. It's a fleet in
a parking lot in Chicago which is
totally not on the radar. I mean have
you seen Chicago anything? No. But there
are tons of and I pointed this out early
last year that Chicago that Illinois is
a great state for regulation reasons.
It's actually easy to roll out. So I
will not be too surprised if Georgia and
you know Illinois and some other states
that are not on the agenda on the map
right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, no pun intended. Um they are
actually coming. You know there's a lot
of preparation going on. So sure I
understand it's like this game of faith.
It's like oh do we just blindly believe
it's going to happen? But it's not that
blindly. Like what do you think if
you're a Tesla finance executive, a
Tesla operational executive? Really? You
think they're just doing this for fun?
Like they're just putting this is
expensive stuff. You think they're just
putting tons of capex into all these
cities with huge management teams and
everything for nothing? I don't think
so.
&gt;&gt; Yep. I'm going to do a show uh probably
published today as well where uh going
through that they have bought
facilities, massive facilities. We
already reported on 36,000t facility in
Las Vegas. This is for cleaning,
service, chargers. Uh and then there's
one in
uh Austin and then there's one in
Dallas. So these things are being done
and then they're being the permits are
being assigned and they're building
buildings and you know this is on top of
their own service centers that they
already have. So it's clear now that
each of these cities will have a and
what I need to do is do the calculation
to figure out how many cars does that
mean based on 270 chargers or whatever
it is. How many cars can they, you know,
can it can it handle?
&gt;&gt; And that's also, by the way, like
something, you know, we have this big
battle between the believers and the
unbelievers. I sound like a prophet now,
but you have the believers and the
unbelievers. And the believers, they
say, "Oh, Elon's going to figure it
out." And the unbelievers like, "You're
all crazy." But when you look at these
things, the massive amounts of
management attention,
hiring all over the place, capex all
over the place, it's by the way similar
to the SpaceX situation, right? Where
people just say the doubters like this
is all crazy pie in the sky. Really? So
you're you're ramping up mass production
of Starship 10 this year and then
hundreds next year just because you're
crazy because you think it doesn't work.
Like dudes, this is a huge bet in the
wrong direction. And the same with
Tesla. You have to just sum it up. They
already have hundreds and hundreds or
thousands, probably over a thousand of
these robo taxis now, like hardware
driving around. They're turning out
hundreds of cyber caps. Also, people
totally ignore that. They have mass
manufacturing of cyber caps where they
already have a run rate of hundreds per
month and they will hit thousands
probably in the next three months per
month. They can only work these cars as
autonomous vehicles. So, what do you
think is happening? So, that's what what
I always mean is like if you're a short
bear or something,
&gt;&gt; yeah, short bear bear with short legs.
Um, what are you you you bet becomes
increasingly crazy, right? Because
you're like, "Oh, there's like, you
know, there's this giant alien race
surrounding Earth with all their
spaceships, but they're not going to
make it to Earth." Like dudes, they
already have surrounded all of Earth. So
it's I would not bet against them. So
that's like happening. Elon is
surrounding all like all of America with
his robo taxis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the uh things about Elon's
predictions, he's wrong a lot when it
comes to short term next year. But when
he's uh talking about long-term, he's
often more closer than cor right than
not. Here he is in a recent interview he
said that 10 years from now probably 90%
of all distance driven will be uh AI.
Let's listen to what he said.
&gt;&gt; Five years from now or certainly 10
years from now um my guess is if say
like 10 years from now probably 90% of
all distance driven will be driven by
the AI in a self-driving car.
So overwhelmingly if it it'll be quite a
niche thing in 10 years to actually be
driving your own car because the car
will drive you.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. What do you think about that
prediction?
&gt;&gt; I mean it's an Elon prediction. At some
point he will be right. I think of
course a little bit too over the top in
my opinion for a global perspective.
There are too many countries that were
for many reasons this is too
problematic. India or whatever. But when
it comes to United States and Europe uh
or Australia, Canada, I do think it's
totally probable likely that in 10 years
he's right. We'll have 90% autonomy
because or maybe 80%. Um
because I think people underestimate
what that means. It's like the people
who said AI, no one is going to use AI.
It's like bro
this is not true. So this is an
overwhelming advantage economically for
any business operator that has something
with transport, but it's also an
overwhelming advantage for you
personally in transport. You can't
afford to like what drive in your car
with your hands on the wheel, not
working for like an hour when everyone
else is just chilling doing stuff and
having automated driving.
So yeah, I think he is probably right in
this case that in a decade we will see
vastly more than 50% be even fully
autonomous. And if that is true, the
ripple effects on Tesla can't even be
overstated because that means sales are
they will have a monopoly on cars. They
will have a monopoly on transport
because no one else has that stuff.
maybe in 10 years the first ones try to
really be good at it or start really be
good at it but at that point it's game
over right so yeah this is important to
think through because these are exactly
the the the disruptive trajectories that
the human brain has a hard time to
project because we tend to just look
around and extrapolate from what we see
so we see nothing so nothing happens
that's probably not true I think people
underestimate the disruptive nature of
this technology and it's not going to be
linear it's not going to Oh, we have
10,000 and then in 10 years we have 10
100,000. No, once you have 10,000 you
will have millions and tens of millions
in very short order.
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. So 10 years, so first of
all, I think that 90% is a bit of a
stretch to think that in 10 years. But
on the other side, 10 years is a long
time um longer than people think. So for
example, do you know that famous photo
of Fifth Avenue in New York in 1900 or
something like that? And it was like one
automobile to everything else. The
entire street was filled with horse and
carriage. 11 years later, the same photo
was taken and there was only one horse
and carriage and everyone else was
driving basically an automobile at that
point.
&gt;&gt; Just to give you
&gt;&gt; and that's back then and that's back
then, but that's only New York. So, I'm
not sure like the world the US and the
world has changed yet. Well, but I think
if you you really like this is an easy
easy uh win for me now this argument
like don't think back 10 years. Just
think back 10 years and six months. Just
do that. You know 2015,
November, October. Okay, think about
that world. You would think Donald Trump
will never be president. You have no
idea that something like COVID could
exist. and you think AI doesn't exist,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So just think about that. A world
without Trump, a world without co and a
world without AI. That was the world 10
years ago, 10 years and six months.
&gt;&gt; Or Anton,
&gt;&gt; if you like just in you could you
couldn't even if you meet someone from
2015, they wouldn't even understand what
this world is really.
&gt;&gt; I'm using agents. What are agents?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. also politically and and and covid
whatever like this was complete
insanity.
So and then extrapolate you know
everything is accelerating like crazy in
10 years from now
&gt;&gt; the delta of changes would be at least
the same probably vastly more than that.
&gt;&gt; They say that one month change is
equivalent to one whole year change.
That's that's the at this point. So in
cars though that it could take longer
because this is physical hardware that
need to be made. So I'm a little bit
more um not not going to be as advanced.
But here's this guy. He's a C.
&gt;&gt; Well, but we are selling 100 million
cars per year. Yeah. So, and like you
just said, the only people making it
right now is Tesla. So, it's it's going
to be slow for the other automakers
start making this and so maybe, you
know, a dent. But, okay. So, you've this
guy says this, he's the CEO, Alex
Kendall of Wave AI, very good company,
um, backed by some of the biggest, uh,
vendors out there. 100 million, he said
this, 100 million cars are produced
every year. Only 15% of cars have ADAS.
Less than 10,000 robo taxis exist today.
He thinks in five years if you're a
manufacturer selling car that doesn't
have this, your demand is going to fall
off a cliff. That's the
&gt;&gt; talk about how big this market is. A lot
of cars sold every year. Enormous
market, a key economic engine ironically
for the world. What percentage of man
newly manufactured cars in five years do
you think are are made with uh the
capacity to work with either wave or a
similar product?
&gt;&gt; So I think so. Today there are about 100
million vehicles produced each year. You
know 50 60 million uh consumer cars.
Today I think the number for advanced
ADAS is what the industry calls it is
about 15%. But most of this is like
highway lane keep assist or some very
rudimentary systems. So the penetration
of um call it uh you know outside of
China the full self-driving experience
is just really Tesla and that's a very
small fraction of the market. Uh so this
is going to go from like nothing to
everything over the the the next few
years. What we're seeing is that today
luxury manufacturers are bringing in the
right level of compute on the cars,
Nvidia or Qualcomm or something like
that GPU and surround sensing and we're
seeing more volume manufacturers like
Nissan just announced that uh you know
they're going to to bring this kind of
technology to the vehicles from uh from
financial year 2027. So over you said
five years. I think by 5 years we're
going to see uh this level of hardware
in a very um significant portion of the
market and we'll see this improving
experience over time. We'll start to see
the instruction in the more premium end
also of eyesoft technology and even
driverless consumer driverless
technology and I think we'll continue to
see that that flow down but but the
steady state is that every vehicle is
going to be capable of that. I mean when
you can for you know a very low monthly
subscription get a eyes off driving
experience I think this is going to
completely change things uh and and
actually you know yes robo taxis are
also transformational but when you think
about the scale there's less than 10,000
robo taxis in the world today but 100
million new cars a year and so the the
scale of impact you can have through
consumer vehicles is enormous um I think
the advantage that waves brings because
we work on both robo taxis and consumer
cars means that um Firstly, the data we
get from consumer cars will give us what
we need to build general purpose robo
taxis. Uh secondly, um the manufacturing
relationships with the OEMs is really
important because an OEM really wants to
focus on volume and the only way they
can have a business case to work on a
robo taxi is if they can have a single
partner that work across um across the
spectrum of autonomy. So uh you know for
these reasons I think um this will give
us the ability to have uh native
relationships where it's a vehicle built
for as a robo taxi with us just as a
software integration. It gives us this
high margin software business coming
across the spectrum of autonomy gives us
the data gives us the global supply
chain and geography scale. And so I
think for all these reasons, it's a it's
a it's a very very important opportunity
for us that often often gone goes
unnoticed. But we're going to see this
complete transformation of the consumer
vehicle market with our AI in the in the
coming years. And to answer your
question in in 5 years, I think uh you
know what if you're selling if you're a
manufacturer selling a car that doesn't
have this, I think your demand is really
going to fall off a cliff.
&gt;&gt; All right. That is Alex Kendall. He's
the wave CEO, not the guy I was showing
earlier. He's the host. Yeah. What's
your thoughts on what he just said?
&gt;&gt; I think he's totally right. His problem
is that he has no chance against Tesla,
of course. But
&gt;&gt; uh I think one of the most underrated
things about Tesla is the cars. I think
uh sales will go through the roof very
soon. That's what I think. I think model
Y sales model 3 uh because FSD becomes
very good oil price will be a problem
for a long time in my opinion and even
if oil goes down again people are
damaged in their minds now they think I
don't want to be in this situation
anymore where I get extorted especially
in Europe but also in United States so
uh I think and the political issues are
kind of over Elon is like smart how he
navigates everything and you see Tesla
sales already not just recovering but
setting new records all over the place
and I think now we will have FSD this
year probably becoming a really big deal
in Europe and a really big deal in the
United States even bigger deal because
so in Europe it's new in the United
States you will have robo taxes on top
of it as a huge brand booster for FSD
for buying Teslas and in China something
is going to happen in my opinion so you
have these boosters all over the place
you have a a huge shift to EVs in my
opinion this will accelerate you will
have next year the car company's
imploding by my math because they can't
sustain this anymore. They're losing
money left and right and you can't do
this for long as a car company. So next
year will be the year of reckoning in my
opinion where a lot of competition is
being taken out. They have completely
lost the race on EVs. They've all quit.
So now they're just dying, not slowly
but quickly. And so it will be very good
for Tesla. I think Tesla is the most
profitable EV company of course in the
world by an enormous distance.
and one of the top two probably with
Toyota on on cars in total
and uh then FSD on top of it. So I think
the core business of Tesla is a little
underrated. I think they can sell three
four million cars or something very soon
&gt;&gt; you know. Uh yeah, I think at some point
maybe if it's not maybe it takes two
years or so with Tesla showing as many
cyber cabs out there, as many cars
self-driving, even our own cars, you
know that what they did with the 14.3
that's now going wide FSD, they reduced
the nag and Jeff could not get the nag
to turn on, which means that it's they
haven't announced it yet, but it's
getting closer and closer to
unsupervised. Basically, you can just
turn on self-driving. the car is driving
you around and you can look at your
phone, you can look away, you can be
playing with your computer and used to
be they would nag you and say, "Hey, you
better pay attention. This is
supervised." They're giving you minutes,
minutes.
And so as that gets better and as they
get these cars, at some point, right,
society, let's just pick the United
States, at some point the US consumers
will realize cars can self can drive
themselves. They don't know that yet
today. That's such a thing.
&gt;&gt; It's also not going to take long. I I'm
totally like in the Tesla community.
&gt;&gt; There's always this debate about
marketing and advertising. I'm always
against it. I'm totally on Elon's side.
I like who cares? I don't care about it.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if you have start caps, that is
the marketing that these cars drive
themselves.
&gt;&gt; You nail FSD and you will have cyber
caps at scale, but you also will have
FSD just out there once it's super
really unsupervised. This is going to be
the biggest thing ever. And also, by the
way, I think it's an underrated because
it sounds more boring. An underrated
advantage of Tesla is just that they are
brilliant manufacturers. So, every year
that goes by, they have higher margins,
more efficiencies, better cars. This is
another thing I see Teslas, the latest
versions, I didn't do a test on it or
something, but they appear to be better
and better every year. Like if I see a
super new Model Y, even the new I've got
I've got I've had all the new ones.
Yeah, I can tell you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like there's all these
little things happening all the time
that they're just better all the time.
So
&gt;&gt; all the time.
&gt;&gt; And then I see all the other like BMWs
and something driving around the EVs
&gt;&gt; and I do the math in my mind like they
just can't sustain that. Like Tesla
literally is the largest manufacturer
and they only have one model. Like of
course this thing is going to be
infinitely better with higher margins
than these stupid I don't even know what
these people are doing these other car
companies that they can't like just
create one big model. How are you even
going to manage this crap? Like then
they're all like messy. There's no
margin. Everything sucks. You have 200
models and sell like one each. That's
stupid. And just Tesla nails it on all
dimensions. And at some point uh what's
a good comparison? It's like at some
point this is going to implode the
competition and this point is very soon.
They're not doing well and that will be
another boost. If the competition
implodes, what do you think happens?
More and more and more people have to
buy Teslas.
&gt;&gt; The the key, of course, what's going to
happen is and what's happening now is
many competitors, automakers will say,
"We do it too. We've got it too."
Mercedes goes, "We have a level three."
And people believe them. And of course,
they drop level three and it really
wasn't level three because it's very
restricted to certain, you know,
conditions, certain times of day. You
got to have a lead car. If you don't
have a lead car, can't do it. It's just
basically car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But but what I'm saying like
&gt;&gt; so the key thing is for Tesla to make
sure that people are aware that this is
no longer No, you do not have the same
thing that we have.
&gt;&gt; But her but I'm saying like on top of
that
&gt;&gt; it's kind of many of them will die
of a castle and they have like we have
stronger spears the attackers and then
the castle says but we have also great
spears. You can do this for some time,
but at some point you're starving to
death and then there's a cascading
effect. You don't even want to show your
spears anymore because you literally
die. And I think that point
&gt;&gt; it's much closer than people think. I
think next year will be a ripple effect.
Like they go out of business, a lot of
them, not all of them.
&gt;&gt; Okay. You're making you're making that
claim. I I think they're still too big
to fail by next year. But um you we're
watching them every day. That's all I
report now is this automaker, that
automaker is struggling significantly.
This could be the killer. So, a lot of
people think, oh, China, these guys have
better systems. Shiaopang, and I know
very well, and they do. Shaong and
Xiaomi, they're they've they're the
closest to what Tesla has, Neuralet,
even Wave, the the guy we just covered,
neural netbased systems, but they don't
they're still very far behind, by the
way. So, people go, "Look, they've got
it. and they're better. It's not the
case. Take a look at this uh what this
guy says. He this is the driving head,
autonomous driving head of Lee Auto. At
least he came out and said this. He said
in a recent interview, Tesla FSE remains
the industry benchmark. Praise his
safety and capabilities. He added that
Lee Auto's autonomous driving team is
aiming to reach that level. Uh the
interviewer at Industry Insider offered
an even more blunt assessment of FSE
compared with computing systems. He
goes, "We've consistently acknowledged
Tesla FSE as the benchmark. What I do
want to criticize is the constant claim
from some people that they've already
surpassed Tesla when in reality the gap
is still enormous. The only reason they
dare say that is because Tesla FSE
hasn't fully entered the Chinese market
yet. Once it truly rolls out, it'll be
completely exposed. It'll be like the
Emperor's new clothes being stripped
away in public. Let's listen to this.
I'll turn off the music.
I can't find the balance point or
anything. It's pro is those low
probability edge cases, you can still
hit that level, right? Can you get to
where like Tesla you can get very arrive
at a system that can handle a lot of
things? Yeah. And Tesla's even more
impressive in that with its current M
max model efficiency and all and you
know safety was kind of our advanced
goal for 2023 and last year and then 3.4
started pushing comfort. The hardest
part is this early years there's still a
long way to go. At the same time, you
have to ensure safety and comfort and
then also and now it's like it's already
it's already here and that's I want this
and that and also that can't be wrong
either because you can't say it's
uncomfortable and unsafe up front but at
least the inside is Tesla has already
reached this third stage of problems
more mature. It's really important still
a lot of work we can keep improving.
There's one thing I think is especially
good. We've always been very cleareyed
about Tesla being the benchmark. Uh let
me complain for a second. some people
were already better than Tesla. We've
caught up with Tesla. We're still so far
behind, right? And for you to dare say
that right now, and that's what he says.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, he's honest.
I also like Yeah, I explained this
before how I see it. I think people
think this is like magic and there's a
hacker in the basement and then suddenly
he beats Tesla. And that's just not how
things work in AI. You need just, you
know, measurable things. You need
compute. You need data and you need time
and you need teams. And if you just add
it all up, you see that everyone is like
at a maximum at 1% of Tesla. Just on
time.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't say 1%. I think they're
they're probably FSD version 12 versus
where we're at 14. They're probably two
years behind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I mean,
&gt;&gt; I think Elon said that you you can get
to 90% very easily. Everybody can get to
90%. So the car is driving itself. It
looks like it's great. It's the last,
you know, 99% 999. I was just referring
to the the actual metrics like how much
money did you spend on this? How much
time did you spend on this? How much
miles did you drive
&gt;&gt; and what is your percentage of compute
of colossus or cortex and all these
things like 1%.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; you know you have 1% of Tesla are you 10
times more efficient because you're
Chinese maybe then you are 10%. Right?
So that's how I think about it. So you
know you can't do magic. I believe in
China you can have massive multiples on
things for many reasons. Very
hardworking, very smart people, but you
can't do magic. So yeah, if you beat
them by 10x efficiency, you're still at
only 10% if you had 1% of the hard
resources. And that's that's true. Like
Tesla has 10 billion miles. How many
miles do you have?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, 100 million. Then you had 1%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They don't have 100 million. I think the
only company that could catch up or not
catch up but at least you know be second
is Shia Shaong. They because you know
what they did which is brilliant is they
have what 50 they have they're going to
get to 500,000 cars number one that's
that's critical but two they gave
they're giving away their version of FSD
for free. They're not charging for it
because they want they know why are they
doing that? Because they know that every
car needs to capture that data. So
they're not trying to make money now.
They're smart.
&gt;&gt; These are these are very smart cookies.
I always said this is for me. If there's
one company on the in the world that is
like a Tesla type, it's them. They have
the human robot. They have the flying
cars where they're clearly ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And they have the normal cars and they
are just super smart cookies. So yeah,
they're much
could be there too, but those are the
two following and then the rest are not.
And I don't know why people think that.
Anybody else? All right. So Tesla China
needs to get out there and there's
rumors. So we all thought that when Elon
went to China that there was going to be
announcement that they'll approve FSE
China. That did not yet happen. It's
been a few days now, but the hiring in
Tesla China is going like crazy. So
Tesla China is recruiting autonomous
driving test technicians in nine cities.
Okay, Shanghai, Beijing, Shanzhan, nine
cities. Each of these cities has its own
unique traffic conditions which
collectively cover virtually all road
scenarios in China. The road conditions
Wuhan, Chungdu, and Chongqin are even
more complex. Future robo taxi services
will also be launching these United
States. I don't know where he got that
from, but that's his uh statement. Uh
Tesla is urgently now seeking data
labelers, okay, in China to label data
coming directly from the fleet of
vehicles and Optimus data labelers.
These are based in Shanghai. This might
mean two things. Tesla started
collecting local traffic data in China
to tune FSE. Optimist could be
manufactured at gig in Shanghai in
future. Uh so these are data labelers
and then you've got they're urgently
seeking when you say urgent it's because
they slapped on a symbol that says
urgent seeking ADAS test operators to
test efficacy and public roads execute
real world testing according to test
specifications as well as providing ad
hoc support for specifically requested
scenarios. This is also there and then
urgently seeking three FSE related
testing and validation experts.
So the local roll out of FSD, ADAS
proving ground engineer, a autopilot
test engineer and ADAS test operator
which is what we just covered. Uh so
these things are happening now and um
now some when we look back at what um
Ashok said he or was it the CFO the CFO
of Tesla said that uh we hope to get FSD
approved in China in Q3
and then I think some of the rumors are
coming back saying that it might not
actually happen right away but if you
look at the hiring it looks like that
they're doing it urgently like they're
trying to catch up as fast as possible.
I also think that people were
disappointed with the China China trip
of Trump and Elon. I don't think it was
a bad trip, but it's something where you
don't just announce stuff. I'm pretty
sure things are happening. I'm pretty
sure they had very good conversations
and I'm pretty sure China is completely
on top. This is like a total China topic
for the Chinese government that that's
full fair and square in the middle of
their attention. AGI is something much
less Chinese, right? Because Chinese
don't like that. This is like abstract
stuff they don't like too much. But
robots and robot tax axis are super high
priority. Also, they have a lot of
traffic deaths and everything and they
believe in this kind of stuff.
&gt;&gt; So I would I would not be surprised.
Yeah. Super pragmatic efficiency. I
would not be surprised if this is Q2 or
Q3 where this actually gets approved.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I it's great to hear
directly from Lee Auto autonomous
engineers saying what we have been
saying for so long. But it's just crazy
how um you know in the battle of
sentiment, the battle of misinformation,
Tesla seems to lose. They again they
don't market. Um and
&gt;&gt; well because it's always like I get it
because if you're Elon like what does it
even mean to lose? Like who cares?
There's today and there's the day where
it all works in between. Do I care if
people believe me or not or if the
sentiment is bad or not? Like who cares?
This is all peanuts. It's all sideshows.
We need to make sure that point of the
future is as close to today as possible.
And all the ads and the PR and all that
stuff is just distraction. It just
pushes out the time point where it's
actually real. So why would I invest all
this time in in fugazi? That's the word
from Wii. It's all fugazi. I should
focus on making sure that point in time
is as close to today as possible. And
that means do not do ads and PR because
it distracts management and make sure
this happens quickly. And our job as
investors is as smart investors, can we
triangul triangulate this point in time?
Can we say when is it most likely? Q2,
Q3, Q4, Q1, Q2 2027, Q3 like when is
that point? And I think looking at all
the signs and doing the math on a napkin
of the capex of the expenses of the
recruiting it can in my opinion it can't
be in 2027. It is this year.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you think it's going to happen this
year? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean not China. I mean scaled
robo taxi. Let me put it like this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My my theory is still 15,000 robo
taxis on a road by the end of this year.
But then if you look at the 30 plus
cities,
&gt;&gt; I think you're going to get many of them
at a thousand cars per city and that's
how you get to 15,000 and then a few,
you know, a few of them are hundreds,
but they'll they'll have presence in
many cities and you can see where
they're building out the infrastructure.
So even if you have a thousand cyber
capabs in each city, you bet the public
will exactly at the same point. I'm
saying between 10 and 20,000 end of the
year. That's my number and it's mostly
informed by cyber cap. That's like the
low end.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a low
&gt;&gt; of low ramp of cyber cap. So this is
like going to happen. So I'm so my first
assumption is high conviction that
unsupervised will work this year
commercially. Oh yeah, it's already
&gt;&gt; number two that the minimum amount of
cyber caps produced will be 10,000. It
will be probably more. It has to be
minimum that and then you put it
together and you get to 10 to 20,000.
&gt;&gt; You know, Joe, um you know, we I think
the the latest safety data I reported
this with Jeff on Monday. The latest
safety data from Nitsa showed that uh
that there were 17 there's been 17
incidents for Tesla robo taxi since
June. Uh, and now they gave more data of
exactly like the the write up, right, of
the commentary of what happened in each
of these incidents. And it turns out
there was seven incidents that were
Tesla fault. Several of them were curb
rashes and a couple of them were human
teller operators.
So the safety part is good is a great
data point at this point. Safety is
something that they've seem to have
solved. And then you remember how Elon
came made a big deal about oh we got all
these things we need to solve. Um one of
his biggest example that he gave was the
the looping the ever never ending loop
right it'll go around and for some
reason there's a road blockage in this
or a parking garage and can't get out so
it'll keep going around and then it
can't get out and go around and it just
stays in that never- ending loop. That
was one that seemed to have been solved
at 14.3.3. Omar tested it and it turned
out that in the same parking lot that he
had parking garage it tried it couldn't
do it and then it took a different route
the second time around. I'm also very
bullish on
&gt;&gt; it's not that hard to solve these things
that Elon said those three things.
&gt;&gt; I'm very bullish on 14.3 on the
commentary on it that they had to revamp
the system again kind of from totally
like to create a faster iteration loop.
These things pay off right the instead
of just incrementally you know like like
like duct taping your model that you do
it from scratch again and increase the
iteration speed that's how you get
transformative change. So I think we
have the right model now and now it's
just before V15 this will work pretty
perfectly. That's my theory and I don't
think
Elon said we do not need version 15.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you so much Joe. That
was fantastic. Uh that was always great
to talk to you. Pionerlands.org. Check
them out there. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.