Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Investors Aren’t Seeing The Whole Picture
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvaCNdx--uc
Published:   2026-09-01 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-01 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If I have any other stock, [music] it's
just part of my trading around my
portfolio. It's not like I'm out of
Tesla or anything. And I say this maybe
more than anything because I have been
very critical recently of Tesla, of the
board, [music] of Elon. That does not
mean I'm a bear. That does not mean that
I don't like the company. That's doesn't
mean I'm selling my shares. That means
I'm frustrated with the communication
that they've given us. [music] And I
think two people can be adults, still be
friends, even though they don't agree
with everything.
In 2019, when I was following Tesla
[music] obsessively, I watched as the
analyst said, "Uh, there's nothing
there. They're under a crushing mountain
of debt. There's just some dirt being
pushed around in circles [music] in
Shanghai in an old melon farm." Well, I
could see that that wasn't true and I
invested accordingly. This will not be
investment advice, but I will tell you
that I could see something that the
analysts could not and I was able to
capitalize on it. There was a big runup
in the stock value that has uh made me
feel justified in my conclusions,
but then it went flat a bit and even
down a bit. So, where are we at with
conviction these days? How much more
patience should investors even have?
[music] And what should we be keeping in
mind? Well, I brought on Nick Gibbs from
Investing Against the Grain uh to share
his thoughts on this. We're going to
have a conversation. It's going to be
super relaxed as [music] you can tell by
his posture. Uh this is uh a lot of fun.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
[singing and music]
&gt;&gt; So for those who do not uh have much
familiarity with Nick, uh he runs a
channel called Investing Against the
Grain. Uh it is not a woodworking
channel, I come to find out, but I'm
still uh a fan. Um am I not subscribed?
There we go. thought I was sure I was. I
see your videos. Uh he also has a
presence on X uh where I'm already
following, but I could unfollow and
refollow if that would help. I don't
think it's necessary. Uh so let's uh
have a chat, shall we, about, you know,
Tesla, about all of the things going on.
You know, the big catalyst. We've got
some catalyst coming up. Auto sales have
improved. That's still the core of the
business. But you bought quite some time
ago. And despite having other
investments, despite doing other things,
you still have a strong base of Tesla.
Let's hear about your thoughts on those
products, those convictions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Brian, thanks for uh having me on.
Good to see you as always. Uh can't wait
till you're back in Florida again so we
can get that uh that selfie. Brian was
in town uh back last November, and we
had such a good time. We forgot to take
a picture together. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, we No proof.
&gt;&gt; I know. No proof. So it didn't happen,
but we had a great hug. that much I can
tell you.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. No, but thanks for having me
on and yeah, you know, investing against
the grain, uh, that's the name of the
channel and it's for people like
yourself, people like me, people like
your listeners, your your viewers. It's
just kind of going against what everyone
else does, the conventional wisdom, the
you have to diversify, you can't beat
the market, you have to do XYZ, right?
Do what they tell you because you can't
do something else. And that always
didn't sit well with me. Like you're
immediately telling us we can't do
something to shut up and just lose your
password, invest in index and forget
about everything. Don't get smarter. And
that was that just never made sense to
me. There seemed like something wrong
with that messaging. So hence the
against the grain, the wood stuff and
all that. But I am still a I'd like to
say I'm an all-in test investor. I've
got a couple shares of other stuff. Uh I
I work uh for AWS, Amazon Web Services.
Uh, so I obviously have stock in Amazon.
Uh, but for the most part, everything's
in Tesla outside of some options that I
trade around the portfolio. So, just to
just to like lay the groundwork, like
it's not like I've got all these other
positions of everything else. Um, if I
have any other stock, it's just part of
my trading around my portfolio. It's not
like I'm out of Tesla or anything. And I
say this maybe more than anything
because I have been very critical
recently of Tesla, of the board, of
Elon.
That does not mean I'm a bear. That does
not mean that I don't like the company.
That's doesn't mean I'm selling my
shares. That means I'm frustrated with
the communication that they've given us.
And I think two people can be adults,
still be friends, even though they don't
agree with everything. That doesn't mean
I think I'm smarter than Elon or
anything like that. But to the heart of
your question,
is it I I think the heart of your
question, is it still a fair valuation?
Are they just a car company at this
point? What are we doing? It's been all
this time. It's been flat. We had a
couple good years where it felt like
things were going well and we've had a
couple false starts, I would say, as far
as from an investment lens. But here we
are still in the 300s after all this
time. And you know, it's a hard question
because it depends on who you're asking.
If you're asking someone who
doesn't see where things are going in
the future or doesn't believe in this
type of future, then the company is
grossly overvalued.
&gt;&gt; And you can't argue with that. If you
just see as a car company that has a
feature of autonomy or of FSD and that's
all you see as as a feature, then I
can't blame what you're saying. Like if
all you think is it's a more advanced
auto cruise, then I would agree with you
100%. The company's way overvalued.
Obviously, we all have different
opinion. At least I think you do, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm waiting for the conclusion on
it, but maybe I think obviously it's
more than a car company. I see people I
saw people last year during the reamp of
Model Y, the bestselling car in the
world, saying auto sales are down. You
guys, this whole thing is over. And I'd
say, if you think this [clears throat]
whole thing is a car company, my friend,
sell today because you paid way too much
&gt;&gt; because it's worth more than all of I
mean, you know, stacks, fistfuls of
other car companies because those car
companies have super crews.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, to put it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, so my take is that things
are I you know, the problem is I don't
even think they're taking longer than we
would have expected. I mean, maybe they
are. Okay. Like I think if we were back
in 2020, nobody would have thought in
2026 we still don't have widescale robot
taxes. I don't think anyone thought
that. I think everybody had these
hopeful aspirations that we'd be a lot
further than what we are. But with that
said, you kind of understood what was
happening the whole way, especially as
FSD users. You saw the progress from
version 9 to 10 to 11, 12, 13, 14,
right? You you saw where the limitations
were. You saw the gaps. You understood
intrinsically
where the company was at. And in my
opinion, leadership was pretty clear.
Elon would talk about we're on a BT type
architecture, we're moving towards an A
architecture. We're having the the
neuronets eat all of the huristics. you
know, we would get all these updates
about like, hey, what's happening? He
would talk about, you know, we reached
the summit, we think we're there, and
then we see, hey, there's another peak
to go to and right. So, we'd have all
all this like good communication where
we're at. I think the problem now is
that we all are still using FSD.
It's really hard for us to see where the
gaps are because it works so well
and leadership is communicating even
less. their communication to us is well
we're biasing for safety. It's like wow
didn't realize that [laughter]
should have thought of that from day
one. Uh completely skipped my brain on
that one. Uh so when you lose the
ability to see intrinsically where the
gaps are and on top of that leadership's
pulling back the transparency of where
things are at and what's next. I think
it a lot of people get frustrated and a
lot of people like me are frustrated but
I still very clearly see the value of
where the company is. In fact, I mean
this is clearly hyperbolic. Okay, so
keep that in mind. But I think they're
lying to us. I I I don't believe a word
they saying. You can't sit here and tell
me everything they're saying on these
earnings call and I'm sitting here
looking left and right seeing cyber cabs
all of a sudden showing up in my city,
seeing all these fleets out there. seen
all seen everything that's happening,
all this testing, and then you tell me
that
you you just water down everything
that's happening because you're not
going to come on this earnings call and
give us a proper update where things are
at. I don't buy it. You guys are
sandbagging. You're holding back
intentionally. I just don't buy it. I
can't see everything I see with my eyes
and listen to that earnings call and
reconcile the two miles apart. I believe
they're biasing for safety 100%. I
believe them if they say like we're just
trying to really get the parking and
drop offs like perfect. I get all that.
But that earnings call that we just had
and the one before that, the way it came
across
really was like, yeah, this is still
very far away.
We're not that optimistic on it. Yeah,
we're going to get there, but it's just
again, I get people are like, oh, who
cares about tone? Who cares what they
say? Uh but the truth is that people do.
The market does. the stocks does and so
it is what it is. So I'm not doing
anything. I think the valuation I think
this company is extremely undervalued.
But it's valuation without seeing
revenue and profits is only as good as
the story the leadership's willing to
tell. And if leadership's not willing to
tell that story and show the excitement,
which they could have, they said plenty
of good things on that earnings call,
right? But it's how they say it and what
the delivery is. And if you're not going
to do that on a stock on a company that
has really been uplifted during certain
periods of time based off of the story
and the optimism of the CEO, well then
you're going to have this happen. So
again, just to wrap it up a little bit
on my long- windedness, I think the
company's extremely undervalued. If I'm
sitting here looking at every single AI
product out there in the world, I don't
see anything as far along as FSD. The
way I see it, everybody's in a mad rush
to get compute, to get servers, to stand
up data centers, so that then once they
have all that infrastructure set up,
guess what they can do then? Then they
can try to build that AI product that's
going to deliver them lots of profits.
Well, Tesla started doing their build
out in 2018.
They are way far ahead of the curve and
it's taken them all this time to build
that product to build that AI product.
So imagine how long it's going to take
everyone else while everyone else is
just trying to get the compute. Tesla's
been grinding on this for years. So I
think Tesla's way further ahead than
everyone gives them credit for and I
think they're a sleeping giant and I
think I I still think to this day end of
year we will be at all-time highs.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So I I've got some thoughts to
share. I've been taking these.
&gt;&gt; Where am I wrong?
&gt;&gt; Oh, uh, not wrong. Uh, but I mean in the
comments, believe me, there will be some
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they'll let me know. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Earlier you said to the people who think
FSD is just a feature, you're absolutely
right. I would say Super Cruise is just
a feature. It's just a feature except
it's worse because it costs money on an
ongoing basis for uh terrible
performance. I recently tried to
parallel park a Cadillac with Super
Cruise and it gave up halfway through
because it was going to hit both the
curb and the car in front. That's not
&gt;&gt; Glad it gave up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, it was at a it was on
a test drive at a used car lot. I do a
feature pretty regularly where I go out
to Plat Auto in Milwaukee, Oregon, and
uh they let me drive whatever I want.
It's a lot of fun. So yeah, you're not
going to say, "Well, this car has a
really good sound system, so the
company's worth an extra hundred billion
dollars." That doesn't make sense. But
FSD has a clear path to revenue. And
it's not me saying it. Look at Q2. Look
at Q1 and the increase in FSD take rate.
It is substantial. And
&gt;&gt; and to add to your point, just to add to
your point,
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; the market says it because that is why
they're worth what they're worth.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. That revenue can't be
ignored. And the fact that they sold uh
you know 400 and some thousand cars but
increased their take rate by 150 170,000
doesn't mean that the new car take rates
that high. It means that we're getting
some old take rate upticks as well. The
more you have on the road, the more it's
picking up. Okay, so here's my Do you
want to hear my worstc case scenario for
Cyber Cab? I believe I believe that they
are confident version 15 will solve the
last 500 feet, the pickup and drop off.
I believe that they are under the
impression it will uh make it so that
there's less need for operator
intervention via rodeo. And if they're
wrong about that, they're still going to
roll it out. they'll just have a hiring
frenzy of operators because even as it
improves, they're still going to need
those operators. It's just that instead
of handling five or 10 cars, they'd be
handling a 100red or 500 cars
&gt;&gt; because there's ideally going to be uh
an astronomical number of these out
there. And you will want those people
whether even if the system performs
flawlessly. There has to be someone at
the other end of that button in case of
in case a tree falls down on both sides
of the car and you need to contact
emergency services whatever it may be
&gt;&gt; for now at least.
&gt;&gt; Well,
it's OnStar at that point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And OnStar has people. I I think as that
happens that's all very rich
highfidelity training data to eventually
be able to remove those people.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But it's going to be some time for
airing on the side of caution. So on the
you said the best FSD. I've had a chance
to travel the world and try out other
the best FSDs. And in China, I will tell
you there are some very good systems,
but they are still years behind Tesla.
Uh if you look at Xiaoong system, which
I got to see when VA 2.0 rolled out and
then again when I was behind the wheel,
it's very good, Nick, but it's two years
at least, maybe three behind. We don't
know yet. They don't have as much
compute. If you look at Huawei's system,
it's very good, but it's still
handcoded. It's huristic, and that means
it's going to have edge cases. It simply
can't address. And we've seen some real
tragedies on the road using Huawei's
system. And then you get to like Rivian
in the US, nobody nobody is close. Lucid
and Rivian are both leaning into it
unsuccessfully. I'd spent hours behind
the wheel of a gravity and it was
terrifying. even on the highway. Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, you said no in US. Um I've actually
never been in a Whimo.
&gt;&gt; What's your take on on Whimo? I mean,
I've heard everyone else, but like
what's your take?
&gt;&gt; So, Whimo is not FSD. It's a robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, on FSD, I'm I'm talking about
consumer cars. Whimo's fine. It's It's
reasonably comfortable. I would say it's
not as comfortable as a robo taxi. Uh
but it's fine. Uh their problems are
bigger. their problems are much bigger
and different. Um, in terms of FSD, you
see Rivian saying, "We're going to have
it solved next year." I go, "Awesome.
May I see your compute cluster?" Well,
we don't have one. We just we rent out
the the rack space. Are you pulling my
leg? If you think you're going to be
that you're going to catch up to eight
years of Tesla's progress in a matter of
months, I I don't think you even
understand the scope of the challenge in
front of you.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what we would talk about
every Wednesday last year, right?
I'll worry [snorts] the day I see
someone else putting up data centers the
way Tesla is. Then I'll be like okay
they might be competition.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But all they did was stand up the data
centers. Now they got to figure out all
the hard stuff on how to use that data
center.
&gt;&gt; Where are you going to get your training
data? Rivian hasn't sold that many cars.
Uh Tesla sells more cars in a quarter
than Rivian has sold. It's uh quite a
challenge. The advantage all the new
players have is they know some of the
deadends to avoid. That's that's great.
That will buy you a year or two off the
front of your training, but none at all
off the back. Uh so
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What more people
&gt;&gt; the the hope I think a lot have is uh
kind of the Nvidia
um
&gt;&gt; Alpha Maya
&gt;&gt; answer. Yeah. So in that you could just
use a lot of um synthetic generated data
in order to be your training data. So I
think that's what a lot of people have
hope on. But I think it's I think it'll
prove to be not something that's helpful
because really that works best when you
have a corpus of really rich deep real
data
&gt;&gt; to then create your simulator.
Then that could be interesting, right?
You find some very nuance edge cases and
then use a simulator. Let's take that
edge case at night. Let's take that edge
case when the sun's just blinding us.
Let's take that edge, right? But you
can't find those edge cases otherwise.
The the like we we've talked about this
a million times, you know, right early
2020s uh with Tesla about the edge
cases. Like if we could just simulate
all the edge cases then we would
everything would be solved because we
would know all the answers.
&gt;&gt; The thing is with real world data you
encounter things on day one that never
entered the simulator and yes lighting
at time of day is a very expensive
compute problem for a simulator to make.
Uh you don't know what kind of
occlusions you're likely to see in the
real world and maybe that billboard on
the bus next to you has a picture of
cyclists. How do you interpret that? So
it's there's infinite variability in the
real world. When I have interviewed
engineers from other companies who have
shared with me what they're able to I
ask them I always ask them two
questions. Where are you getting your
compute from? And about I'd say
twothirds of the time they do not wish
to discuss that and definitely not on
camera. And uh the other question I ask
is what makes you think you can catch up
when you don't have the kind of data
that the competition has?
&gt;&gt; And their answer is invariably the same.
Simulation, my friend, everyone has
simulation. And we have the best
engineers in the world.
Well, I mean, you know, everyone
believes that, right? I [laughter] I I
don't know how to stress this enough. Uh
so
&gt;&gt; everyone is above average. Uh
&gt;&gt; so so what's your thought on the
valuation?
&gt;&gt; Oh uh well the market's been confident
at these levels for a long time. Uh
therefore you have to fall back to the
execution. How's the execution look? I
would say that we are on the cusp of
very big things with FSD. Let's start
there. That's the easy one. That is
going to be a big value driver. I expect
to see the uh take rate continue to
climb quarter after quarter and this is
recurring revenue. Wall Street loves
that and we're seeing institutionals
pile in at these prices. Uh so that
tells me there's a lot of upside
pressure. Then you get to robo taxi
where frankly if it works as you and I
expect it to the sky's the limit. This
is a revenue source a lot of us have
been waiting for for a long time. Semis
rolling out. I don't expect that to be a
big revenue driver this year or next.
But in 28, I expect to see them going
driverless and not for $100 a month, but
maybe for $5,000 a month because you're
replacing three drivers. Uh, and if it
works, it works. And if it doesn't, they
won't use it. But I could see them
getting huge premiums on the FSD for the
semi. And then you've got, you know, the
the battery systems. That's just
something you kind of have to do. It's
not a huge revenue driver compared to
the multi-trillion dollar valuation many
assign to the company. And then beyond
that, you're looking at Optimus.
Optimus is either going to work or it
isn't. And we know it's going to work
because there are use cases all the way
down the scale. Unitry has sold
thousands of robots and they don't even
have hands for the most part. Uh and
Unitry is profitable. So if Unititry can
sell a robot for $20,000 that does
approximately nothing, imagine what a
$40 $50,000 optimist that can do
hundreds if not thousands of tasks, you
know, a small percentage of what's
possible uh right out of the gate. So I
I think I mean if I thought the
valuation was too high, maybe I would
sell some. I have not sold any. Yeah, I
I I definitely don't think the
valuation's too high. Um I think I like
what you said. Um bas like how do things
look? Things look great.
Communication doesn't sound great. And
again, my opinion uh on that is again
like I'm being hyperbolic here when I
said their line sandbag and all that,
but re really like my my general kind of
I guess base take on it is that they're
playing the game. They're they've got a
strategy that they're trying to employ.
Maybe it's a merger. Maybe it's not a
merger. Maybe they just don't want to
overhype robo taxing, cyber caps, FSD
because they're worried if they overhype
it as they launch and something happens,
next thing you know they're in these
court cases the way Meta is right now.
&gt;&gt; Like you don't know what they're doing,
but you have to believe that they've
done the calculus on how they should be
approaching this now. Again, whether
it's merger, whether it's safety,
whether it's something else that we
don't know about. And you just have to,
in my opinion, you have to believe that
they're making the right decisions. I
don't know what information they have
that we don't or what their plan is that
we don't know because they haven't told
us. So all I can do is react based on
what I know. That's it. And what I know
is two things. One, they're not
communicating well, and they can and
they have when they wanted to. So this
is a cognizant decision they're making.
Two, I see what's going on. I cannot
ignore it.
Like we have cyber cabs here in the
Tampa Bay area now. Like that was not a
thing last month. They're everywhere
now. They're everywhere. I mean like so
it's it's very hard for me to think that
like to your point what I see versus
what they say on the call. On the call
at no point did they say congratulations
to the Tesla team on the official
production of the Cyber Cab. We are off
to a great start. Like Lars said with
Herbert and Jeff, we actually are ahead
of what we thought on some of the
processes, you know, and all that. They
could have said all that.
&gt;&gt; Mark would have loved hearing all that,
but they didn't say it.
&gt;&gt; No. And I will agree with you. Their
comms are terrible. Uh very
uncharacteristic of a company.
&gt;&gt; They wanted to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well,
&gt;&gt; they've been good before.
&gt;&gt; I don't I if you say so, I don't know
when, but this is what I do for a living
is cover Tesla. And I can tell you that
their comms are like no other Fortune
500 company I've ever encountered.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's fair. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; and I get it. There's this notion that
the cars sell themselves, but all of us
advocates out here would benefit from
the support when, you know, just if
there's a real pressing question out
there that needs to be pushed back, if
we could have the info, that would be
great. And it that support just isn't
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't ever like the argument of
like, oh, the cars sell themselves, so
we don't need advertise or anything.
It's like,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; if they sell themselves,
imagine if you advertised like like just
imagine how much more they would sell.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know what the right answer
is on advertising. Education might be
good. Outreach might be good. Maybe they
should appear at more auto shows. I
don't know what the answer is, but
they're not running at capacity. I've
seen people still saying, "Well, they
sell every unit they they can build."
I'm like, "Right, but they could build a
heck of a lot more units. Berlin and
Texas are way under capacity." Uh, so
&gt;&gt; I I don't care about them necessarily
advertising for the vehicles. The the
part that like pulls on me emotionally,
especially with uh a new sun, is the
idea that we're not advertising the
safety features of FSD. That should be
every sporting game that's out there for
people to watch it before they go and
drink and go out and drive and Uber or
whatever. Uh, every Super Bowl, every
like you should be that should be like
plastered everywhere. FSD, if you don't
know about it, check it out. People
telling their own stories as
advertisements, something like that just
for the safety feature of it. Every
year, one of the top reasons, it's like
either one, two, or three, every single
year, one of the top reasons why
toddlers die is car accidents. Like,
that's just awful. And so, to me, that's
the part where even if it's not
efficient, even if it's not capital
efficient, you lose money on it, to me
it's worth it to advertise this
life-saving feature that we have. I
don't know. I think most of us have been
in a incident where FSD prevented an
accident. I know I have multiple times.
&gt;&gt; I believe I I would say it's probably
true of everyone though the stats
wouldn't quite line up because that
would be too many accidents. But well,
by average number of miles between
accidents and the average number of
miles Tesla owners have driven.
&gt;&gt; So, but I certainly have I've certainly
had ones. Um but bigger than that is I
can see what it's doing. The other day
we're driving down a road. We were near
an event and they had some ebikes people
could check out. One guy swooped out
towards the road. Didn't enter the road,
but it sure looked like he was going to.
And the car stopped.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't have stopped. I also wouldn't
have hit him because he did turn.
&gt;&gt; But I would expect a driver who's fully
p a professional who's dialed in to have
stopped as well because you don't know
which way. You don't know that he's
turning.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, those are good examples. And what I
would say is even more valuable is okay,
so I'm not going to do FSD. You know,
even without FSD, you've got forward
collision
&gt;&gt; uh warnings and protection. You've got
backup cameras that it'll jam on the
brakes if it thinks you're about to back
into a passing cyclist.
&gt;&gt; And then forget that. I'm going to
disable all that stuff. Okay. Well, you
still are in the safest car on the road.
Here's some crash test footage. Here's
the the I guess we don't show the Model
X anymore, but here it is. Refusing to
roll over in an accident. They check a
lot of boxes. If you could say, forget
cars that exist. What do you want a car
to be? And you know, let's be silly. I
want it to be fast. I want it to be
safe. I want it to be cheap to operate.
I want it to not break down. I want it
to drive itself.
I know one and you can get it for about
40 grand.
So, I don't know. We need more
education. I'm with you, Nick. I uh
would say in the comments, what I'd
really like to know is what do you guys
think we missed here? What do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? I don't know.
I'm hoping to find out. Nick is coming
back uh in a couple days, few days. I'm
not sure when, but we'll be wearing the
same outfits because we refuse to change
until then. and we're going to be having
a chat about uh you know Cyber Cab and
things like that more specifically
because you know they're more
interesting and exciting. Who knows? Uh
so let us know in them comments would
you? Everyone else stay tuned, stay
juicy and I can't wait to hear from you
clever robots when I'm back from Nepal.
Thanks for sending me there, you