Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Biggest Passive Income Opportunity Yet || BeVoltWise
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9ySZic0JsI
Published:   2026-08-05 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you're planning to buy robo taxis or
cyber cabs and have a little fleet of
your own, how on earth are you going to
do it? Well, there's a company that's
actually got a system already in place
to help you understand the financials in
your market. [music] And they've done
their own research, but they've got all
kinds of variables that you can dial in.
If you think something is too
optimistic, too pessimistic, forgot to
include the possibility of using your
car for inference compute, well, those
are all covered. I am joined today by
John from Boltwise and a couple other
amazing companies. And we are going to
have yet another conversation. And John,
do you know why I have invited you?
Because it turns out last time we
[music] said, "Do we want to hear more
from this guy?" And this isn't even a
selection. These three just happened to
be in a row and these are, you know, and
like Rob Wac is a is a is a channel
member. So these are real people. So
John, you're back. Welcome. Uh I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
[singing and music]
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I feel like I've made the
cut.
&gt;&gt; You've made the cut and uh no one
complained about your mic or your
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; uh audio, but uh but I did. So now
you've uh got got that all set up and I
appreciate that.
&gt;&gt; I've upgraded. I took out a big loan and
now I have better equipment. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So uh I asked John to bring some slides
because we are looking at a few
different things. Now, they've got the
buyer report, which we covered last
time. And we asked you guys for your
comments, your questions. I told you I'd
get them answered. We are going to get
into that at the end of the video.
Please stay tuned for that if you had
questions. They are, you know, the FAQs.
Uh, but uh, we covered the buyer report.
There's also a sellers report. Why don't
you, uh, tell me, are we going to be
looking at those a little bit or should
we save that for another video and just
get into the fleet thing? What do you
want to What do you want to tell me,
John? Yeah, I think uh the both the
buyer and seller relies a lot on
assessing the value of the car. So, it's
not too different. I think we we'll talk
about uh what we had a lot of interest
in after the last talk and that is uh
establishing a robo taxi fleet and
that's whether you just want to put your
car in it while you're at work or
whether you want to develop a fleet of a
100 cars. And that's that's kind of what
I'm considering myself. So, I thought
other people would uh would like it. So,
uh, I'm I'm sharing, uh, the the factors
that I'm considering and, uh, what we
try to do with it is to let everyone,
uh, pick their own inputs and make their
own selections as to when things are
going to happen. There's so many
unknowns with it. And nobody wants to
get burned. Nobody wants to buy a car
that that can never end up in in the
robo taxi network. and nobody wants to
buy to buy a car too soon and have maybe
the robo taxi network not be shared with
private Tesla owners. So that's what
that's what we're trying to do. That's
the purpose of this fleet management.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So let's get into the fleet
management, how it works, what it does.
Now you did show me a preview of that
earlier, so I have an idea, but uh let's
uh oh, I should also mention if uh
Boltwise is something you guys want, I
do have a coupon code. Uh we'll put it
up on the screen right now. It is
Futurasa, just the whole name of the
channel. F U T U R E A gets you 10% off.
So fantastic stuff if you wish to use
it. Um I guess that technically means
sponsored uh because I will get a
commission on that sale.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we have um we have a way to kind
of navigate around this and I kind of
set this up for uh for channel partners
like Brian uh because I want them to
have access to everything. So, it's a
little bit different than what you have
depending on what you purchase. Uh, but
this is, uh, basically the fleet
calculator, and that's the important
part. Uh, and what this will do is it'll
allow you to put in, uh, the model of
the car that you're going to put, uh,
potentially put in the robo taxi
network. We just make a little comment
about it. Obviously, I think we have an
example that Tesla feels the Model Y is
probably the better of the the existing
models to put in the fleet. Obviously,
the cyber cab will be a very big part of
the of the uh the overall robo taxi
fleet. Uh the take has been that over
90% of the rides will be with one or two
people which could be accommodated by a
cyber cab. One thought that I have is
that even though that might be the case,
I would think that you might need some
additional percentage of Model Y's just
to make sure that you can cover uh other
cases. the downside of a Model Y taking
two people is not that great. Uh so I I
would say uh and we're going to
hopefully get some more empirical data
on that, but I would say 75 to 80% of a
larger fleet should be uh cyber cabs. So
the question is how do we start forming
you know right now you can't buy a cyber
cab and there is no real uh privately
owned robo taxi fleet. Uh but one thing
you could do is you could buy a new
Model Y and and do it that way. But I
would argue that you might be spending
more money than you need to. And perhaps
you could let or could have let a Model
Y depreciate for a couple of years as
long as it had the right criteria and
get maybe 105,000
off, which will help these numbers
because what we're going to generate and
focus on is not the value of the car
today, but what would be the value of
the car if it were deployed in a robo
taxi from a uh in a network from the the
income that it can earn. So, we're just
going to make a couple of assumptions.
Let's say we found a Model Y and a 2023.
So, we've let it depreciate three full
years, but we're probably going to pick
a hardware 4 if we want to get it in the
in the robo taxi right away. And we
might find one that's an all-wheel, but
we, you know, unless you're in the in
the north, you you might be okay with uh
getting a just a rear wheel drive. And
then what you do, uh, you take kind of
the buy the buyer's pass or what you
know, what you've learned from the buyer
side and you figure out what what are
you gonna have to pay for this
three-year-old hardware for car figure
36,000 mi. That's just standard. We just
use 12,000. You can override it if you
find a car. I would suggest that uh EVs
kind of age a little bit better than ICE
cars. They don't have so many moving
parts. So, if you found one even with
with 60,000 miles, you you know, for a
three-year-old car, that's that's not
too many. Uh, and then you say, "All
right, what do you pay for the car?" So,
now you can go you can go backwards and
and kind of figure out what you need to
pay for the car to to make it work. But
you'll see these numbers are pretty
good. Let's say this this is a $35,000
car. Now, this is the crux of it. I
don't tell you what your assumptions
are. You've learned uh because you're
interested in Tesla. Maybe you've
watched CERN Basher Basher's uh uh
video. I I view his video as more the
macro view of how you can make money and
build a cyber taxi fleet. What I want to
do is take the micro view and teach an
individual how uh and what factors to
consider when they construct this fleet.
Even if it's it's one car that you're
going to buy, uh what car should you
buy? What should you look for? These are
the assumptions and the variables. When
does the robo taxi network open? We
don't know what that is, but you have
the ability in here to toggle. You can
see the the number of months move. And
let's just say it doesn't it doesn't
open uh for private Tesla owners for a
year. I think that's fairly reasonable.
You might say 18 months, you might say
six months, but it's whatever you want.
Uh this I I prefilled it with actually I
believe this is the number that CERN
used for an estimate of what he thought.
Uh and and he again he was working off
of cyber cab so it might be a little bit
different. It might be a little less, it
could be about the same. Uh but you can
again you can toggle this to any number.
And let's say your your uh cyber cab or
your robo taxi makes $20,000 in profit.
I don't tell you what the what the costs
are. You have to you have to figure that
stuff out yourself and come out with a
net number. Now, now I I will pause real
quick because if you're watching this on
a phone, the line we're sliding right
now is net annual profit. It gets a
little small on phones to read. So,
we'll go ahead and read those uh as we
go through them. Uh so, net annual
profit, just say in this case, 20,000.
You could break it down all you want,
and please do, but just uh put in a
number so you can actually make the math
work at the end of the day.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And then and then we're going
to make an assumption. You're going to
make an assumption for how many miles a
year you're going to have to drive to
get that $20,000 result. Uh, and then
how how long is your car going to last?
Is it going to last 250,000 miles or
maybe $350,000? And again, you could put
you could put cyber cab numbers in here.
Let's say we we went with $30,000, which
is what's reported to be possible. Uh,
you can you can do that. And then maybe
with the cyber cab you might kick the
lifetime numbers up to 400 or 450
because of the anticipation it can go
further. Um then what we did here which
I I think was something that I have
considered u both my wife and I of
buying well first off she has a hardware
3 with FSD right so it it's not going to
be able to go in day one without the
conversion so you know assuming the
conversions don't happen before the
network opens it's not going to go in uh
and we're going to have to wait so one
thing we thought about is we could drive
for Uber or maybe hire somebody to drive
for Uber and earn some money off of that
car while you wait. So, if you bought a
car, whether it's hardware 4 or hardware
3, and you had that as an option, we can
figure that in the calculation. Uh, and
that will help your uh your IRR and your
ROI. Um, and then what I have here is a
discount rate. I put in 12% just, but
you can put in anything. What that's
going to do is going to punish future
dollars and bring them back into the
president at a higher rate. What I would
suggest and the way I look at this is my
discount rate for a hardware 4 car
that's ready going to go in the network
might be a little bit lower than taking
the risk of buying a hardware three car.
So, you know, right now my number would
be 12% for for a hardware 4, but I would
kick that up to 15 to maybe 17 for a
hardware three because you you need to
get paid for uh for that risk that
you're taking.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Then the next one, I have to
scroll down here a little bit further uh
is inference. We've uh you've
undoubtedly heard that they're talking
about being able to sell compute out of
the hardware four cars at least. I don't
think they've mentioned it the hardware
3. I don't think it would be
substantial, but if you have a hardware
4 car, maybe uh at some point, and I
just put I zeroed these out because I
didn't want to put them um most people
or many people would not value that at
all. But I I think that in maybe nine
months or so that they they might come
out and and get offer uh your dormant or
not not being used car the ability to
sell its its inference. It's it's its uh
compute and maybe you can make $100. But
again, you can you can put all that
stuff in there. And then what we do is
we just we calculate using those
numbers. And again, we just made an
assumption about a car and it talks
about the net present value. And then um
and that's up well I had ticked it down
up to 17% but you we could do it we can
do it at any number and you can it's
iterative so you can just calculate it
again and it will work for you. Uh so
this will say if you spent that 35,000
you could get your money back in 30 in
32 months. Uh it has a a monthly gain
that's just based on the the number. The
robo taxi lifespan is based on your
current mileage and your your pick of
how many miles in total the car will
last. And then it tells you how how long
before the robo taxi network and then
5-year profit and this was your
acquisition cost. And then it just gives
you a little bit of uh summary about it.
Uh I I like the uh the recommendation
here. Let's say you bought that Model Y
with uh with the 19in wheels on it. You
or or maybe even larger. you can go back
and not so much change them right away,
but when you do need to change them, if
you bought 18inch wheels because of the
high mileage that a ro a robo taxi would
have, you could save almost $2,000 a
year just on on the tires. So,
&gt;&gt; a lot of different considerations. You
can play with the numbers and your I
would think just as mine have my
estimates are changing all the time just
based on you know quarterly reports and
and other things that come out about
about uh about Tesla and about the
progress of the robo taxi network. But
you'll see here that the uh the XIRR
which a lot of people aren't that
familiar with it. You have uneven cash
flows a lot of different variables. So,
it's not really an a straight IRRA,
which is typically just a straight cash
flow u analysis, but this is a a 44%
return. And you know, if if if you have
a better deal on the car like uh like I
got for my wife's car, it's a hardware
3, but it's got full self-driving paid
for and I paid $16,000 for it. You know,
that the irra just goes through the
roof. And that's that's what we try to
teach you on the buy side is to how to
find that good deal and keep in mind
what the potential is because the
transition is going to go from Tesla's
being priced at market value. All right,
market value is already starting to be
influenced by FSD. Wait till there's a
robo taxi network and you can put your
car in it and and earn these kind of
returns. If you had a machine that could
earn $20,000 a year for six years, that
that car is not worth $35,000. That cash
flow is not worth $35,000.
So, what's going to happen in my view is
that the value or or the amount where
Tesla cars, both used and new, will
trade will will go up. Now, Tesla may
keep the the sales price current, but
then they they could potentially raise
the FSD
subscription uh in this car. If I I
assumed that it was paid for FSD, if I
would have said it was on subscription,
which is like not having FSD at all for
these purposes, it would ask you what do
you think the subscription cost is going
to be to put your car into the robo taxi
network? because it may not be $99. So,
you can see all the numbers, all the
flexibility that we have in it. Uh, this
product's going to get better and
better. And I and I really I think that
as people join, I want to create a
community. I want to have uh articles
that people can submit and put in there.
Uh, I've got uh I've got this flock poll
which really uh it affords subscribers
to put in the date for their assumptions
and then uh every month or so you can
update it so everybody can see what uh
what what we're looking at uh
&gt;&gt; on the flock poll. Do people need to be
members to participate in that or can
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so far so far they are. But I I
think that's a good idea maybe to to
allow other people to come in and just
put it in. I I don't want people to uh
&gt;&gt; to try to Yeah. to try to ruin the poll.
&gt;&gt; I I think people that are paying would
probably be more serious about it. But
what we want to do is, you know, if we
can get 30 or 50 or 200 people into the
into the process, then it becomes more
statistically significant and and you
can see how it changes over time. You
can see how it changes. It's not uh it's
not like a a kichi or anything like
that. you're not going to bet on it or
anything, [laughter] but uh but you'll
see what what everybody else is
thinking. Your fellow shepherds or
wouldbe shepherds, what what are they
thinking about it? And then posting an
art posting articles about it would be
would be good as well. We've got uh
we've got a couple of articles we've
already pre-filled. This is kind of our
our uh uh you kind of our main article.
So, you want to be a shepherd. This is
kind of our manif manifesto. And some of
the things that we talk about in here is
like, you know, you might be sitting at
home after after a hard day's work
wondering if you're going to keep your
job and and you know, we're going
through this disruption. Is this an
opportunity that that might be
worthwhile? Or maybe you're an Uber
driver and you say, "Hey, you know,
maybe I maybe I should think about this
because if I get disrupted out of my
job, this might be a very lucrative
option." Because if you're making 20,000
a year per car, you don't need a whole
lot of cars to make a good living,
&gt;&gt; right? So, uh, you've got a email thing
people can sign up for. Don't have to be
members if you just want information.
Uh, and you don't spam them and you
don't sell their data. Uh, what is the
what is the email? What is how does that
work?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you go to u to baultwise.com
and uh we'll have the uh Well, the other
thing I can mention is that we have a
gift pass. So, if you have a friend that
uh that's interested, we have you can
gift one of these. And a lot of times,
yeah, you might have you might not be
that into Teslas. You heard about this
the website, but you you have a friend
who you think is wants to buy a Tesla,
you you can do that. Uh and then the
fleet price has a set of fee and then
it's a a set amount. And again, we're
new. We want to get we want to give good
value. So, we'll adjust these prices as
as as we think we're adding more value.
Um, but I think, you know, if you're if
you're buying or selling a Tesla to to
spend $50 to uh to save a couple of
thousand potentially is is a good thing.
Um, this is uh this is where uh Brian's
talking about um building towards a
flock, right? Not ready to subscribe to
our flock. And maybe this is where we
add the uh the poll where after you sign
up for the weight list, maybe we could
send the poll and have it returned back
to us and add it that way because I
think we'd get more serious people if
they at least give their their email
address. So you join the wait list. We
had uh we had a number of people join
the wait list even though we didn't talk
about fleet last time. So they uh they
they watched the buyer pass focused uh
interview and uh we had almost 10 I
think it was nine or 10 people uh just
submit their email saying hey you know
when you when you go live with it which
we have now uh that they wanted they
wanted information about it. We were
excited to to roll this out just in the
last week.
&gt;&gt; All right. So uh anything else critical
before we get into the questions that
folks wanted to know from our previous
video? No, I just I would just uh
suggest that uh we're working hard on
developing this. We want to add a lot of
value. We certainly want all your
suggestions on on what we can add to it.
Uh I think that the assessment side of
it is is pretty strong right now. Um
yeah, some people might say, well, how
hard is it to figure out what what's in
the guts of a Tesla? But we we've
considered things like uh you know SC
SE1 which uh you'd have to be you a
Tesla person to to know what that is and
they're rare but we've we've kind of
come up with a formula to try to value
that. And those cars with free
supercharging those people are not
letting them go. They're gonna they're
going to replace the the the high
voltage battery in those things just to
keep them, you know, because
&gt;&gt; I know people who have done precisely
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what's the value of that? And
is it is it based on a normal lifespan
of a car? And I would say no, because
they can go three 400 500,000 miles in
that car because they might be making or
saving 5 to 10,000 a year in fuel costs,
you know, if they're a road warrior. And
those people exist. I know people who
have old Model S's that are still
getting updates, which is great, which
is uh surprising because some of these
Model S's are quite quite old now. Uh
but the updates keep coming. So, uh last
time uh and this time as well, guys, if
you have questions, uh add them and we
will address them next time if you're
not sick of John. Uh I'm not sick of
John yet, but we'll find out. Who knows,
man? He might be wearing out his
welcome. I don't know. So, what I'm
looking at here is I'm a newbie. Name of
app, please. Sorry, I didn't make that
clear. It's baultwise.com. It's not an
app. Not everything needs to be an app.
You can just go to it on your phone or
on your computer. And will it be
available in other countries? I'm in
Australia.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I we had uh another question about
Canada, too. And of course, you think
about uh Europe, even though they're a
little bit slow to the uh to to the take
on the FSD side. Um, we we've been
trying to get this product up and
improved to the point where we're
confident that it's adding the value
that we're we're asking for it. And I
think we're just about there. Uh, I
could see within the next month or two
uh looking to expand to some other
countries. I'm a former currency trader
and I lived in Germany for three years.
So, I have an appreciation for uh for
foreign foreign uh states and uh and
obviously Tesla has a big presence
there. So, uh I' I'd be interested in
doing that. It's not going to be this
month, but uh a month or two I think we
can start to look at that. And it
shouldn't take us that long to uh uh to
identify the differences in the market
because obviously, you know, the the the
valuations here are not the same as over
there. And then you have currency issues
and and then obviously some FSD
regulation issues. So we we want to
produce a good product. So you know if
we do it we're going to do it well and
uh it's going to require some
investigation to do that
&gt;&gt; and all that means uh sign up for the
for the email uh because you won't be
spammed and and that'll answer those
questions. I bought a used Tesla in
California and had it shipped to Oregon.
Does this have a shipping component to
it? It's like my I mean my my first
thought is I mean whoever you buy it
from would be the shipper, but is there
something I'm missing in that question?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we don't really touch that part
of it. We are thinking uh if if it does
take off and and and grows uh we would
potentially be interested in allowing
people to list their Tesla on our on our
uh site. Uh if you remember from the buy
side, we do have a way to search for
Teslas to buy on the site. Uh right now
it really leans heavy to dealers. We're
looking at adding private sales. It's a
little bit harder to get those, but
we've got some ways to do that. Uh and
then the next step in that is going to
be to allow our uh our subscribers to
particularly the sellers uh to uh to
list their uh their car onto our site.
So when somebody goes into our system
and searches for cars to buy, those cars
that are our subscribers would come up
if they're within the 100 miles of of
the person who's looking. But we we have
to grow a little bit to to make that
worthwhile.
&gt;&gt; Seems reasonable. Uh along those lines,
I'd encourage you to be the place to
find used Teslas in addition to uh what
you do now. You could maybe have
listings. Uh question is the method of
finding Teslas for sale at dealerships
pretty thorough? If there are 50 small
used car lots in my town, would your
database reveal their Teslas for sale or
how does that work?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh our database is pretty
thorough. Uh the the thing that's not
very thorough right now are the dealers.
Uh most independent dealers don't know
Teslas very well. So, uh, if I had
advice for dealers, which I I do talk to
dealers because we've got another
company that that deals on that side,
it's to show the two screens that are so
important. They show these screens that
uh, you know, they they they show what
uh, you can get on Netflix and that and
that's great. Everybody knows that. Uh,
but they don't show what hardware is in
the car that you don't know, you know,
whether whether it's it's it's got what
the AVI page says. Uh so with those two
pages, we can get really close on
valuation. We offer the opportunity to
you can add the little extras that we
didn't pick up in those two pages. If
you've if you've got the toe package,
that's a really hard one to pick out. Uh
even even the hard the hardware is
sometimes hard, especially on transition
years. But we've got uh what we do is
we've created a hierarchy that the uh
the computer the AI goes in there and it
looks first at the screen and if and if
there's is no screen to look at because
we'll take uh we'll take information
even when you can't take a picture of
the screen and uh and then uh we we'll
price it based on the limited
information. But if we have the VIN, we
can because of the VIN sequencing
uh we have figured out pretty closely uh
whether your car like in a 23 Model Y
whether or not it's a hardware 4 or
hardware 3. There might be uh one one
group maybe a month month and a half
where they were changing over where uh
we're not going to be so bold as to
suggest which it is. we would just say,
"Hey, get the screen from the dealer,
you know, and and that's definitive. The
the screen is is going to be
definitive." So,
&gt;&gt; for sure.
&gt;&gt; But, and we try to support the older
Teslas, too. I mean, you can find a 2017
that has FSD paid. It might be hardware
2.5, but, you know, I think there might
still be a pathway uh for that car to to
get to uh to autonomy. Not not by
keeping the hardware, of course, but
with with upgrades, it it could it could
happen. So you our point is that a a
2022
Model 3 without hard without FSD paid is
has a really rough path to get there.
It's basically going to be out of pocket
for the owner to do the conversion. And
I think most of us suspect the
conversion is going to be at least
$3,000 on Tesla for the you know for the
hardware three to hardware whatever four
five whatever they they [clears throat]
convert it to. So that just adds but you
can you can kind of figure that in or
maybe take that off of some of the the
assumptions you make in the fleet and
maybe it still works out for you. The
returns projections are very high. So,
uh, you know, I think the the price or
the price that you command and maybe the
amount you can make will come down some,
but right now it looks it looks pretty
lucrative as to what each car will make.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, this is a long one, but uh,
we'll go as quick as we can because
we're already at 28 minutes. Do used
Teslas on websites show up in the
results?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they we're working on that. We
have uh we have some, but we're looking
to add more. there's a sensitivity to
scraping and a lot of uh a lot of
entities avoid that but uh we've got
some ways where we can identify them uh
on certain platforms uh like Facebook is
really tough if they you know if they
think you're scraping they'll uh you
know they you'll you'll lose your
access. So, uh, but I think we're going
to be able we we've got, uh, we've got
the ability to get to some and, uh, I
think we're going we're going to add to
that and then obviously if we add our
own listings, then that'll be just
wonderful.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you sort the results like
mileage, year, color? Can you filter by
purchased FSD?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, actually, uh, right now the way
we've got it filtered, and I always like
to use that that 23 Model Y because of
the transition year. Uh when you search
for that what what it will do is it it
will uh it will look at the screens uh
if the dealer listed the screens which
uh 92% is the number that I've gotten
because I've done a test with the AI of
how many of the dealers are let are
showing the screens but if they show the
screen we'll we'll pick it up. If they
don't show the screen, we'll look at the
VIN. Obviously, uh you know, if if the
most of the dealers will list the VIN in
the in the in there. So, uh what we sort
it by currently is uh by the hardware
and then by the cost. So, we'll give you
in in that instance, we'll go all the
hardware for uh cars will be listed
first. Uh it'll be from cheapest
hardware 4 to most expensive. We can't
always tell if it's got FSD paid. Uh,
but we've got a button you click and
it'll it get right sends you right to an
email the dealer. Just say, "Hey, can
you send me the uh send me the software
page?" And and hopefully they'll respond
to you and and once you see the software
page, uh you'll know if it's hardware 3
or hardware 4. I wouldn't recommend
asking the dealer if it's hardware three
or hardware four or or you know what
whether the FSD is paid especially
because they you know a lot of times
they'll say yes it's FSD capable
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; it's like that just means that means
it's a Tesla
&gt;&gt; yeah
lifetime charging doesn't transfer right
&gt;&gt; uh the lifetime charging and the SEO1
does does transfer uh they're rare uh
they're 20 I think the the newest ones
are 2017s most Some are like 2016s and
obviously back then there's mostly X's
and S's. So [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; um let's see uh filter by tow package
bit tricky maybe something for the
future. Uh and then of course can
anything from Carfax be included?
&gt;&gt; Yeah Carfax uh is it is picked up uh by
the dealers? Uh you know they they're
particularly poor at uh at posting the
pages that you'd want but uh we picked
them up. uh you know, they'll be
included in the list. If there's Carfax
cars that qualify for that, which which
you're searching, uh our system will
pick that up.
&gt;&gt; Now, this one, uh before I have you
respond, we've got a another viewer who
kind of answers it. I'm struggling to
figure out how you can defend a $50
price tag for publicly available
knowledge and data. I was very
interested, but that price tag is
disconnected from the value of the
product. To which I said, uh we have
McDonald's at home. Look, I know where
the grocery store is, but sometimes I
prefer to go to the restaurant just
because I don't want to do the dishes
and I don't want to cook on that
particular day. Uh, yes, all of this
information you another person said,
"Well, couldn't I use Grock to do it?" I
said, "Yeah, you could also do it
without Grock. You could just could just
do it. You could just learn all the
things, know all the things, and then
drive all over town looking at the cars
yourself. Seems like a bit of work to
me." And to that I would add what TomTom
responded. Great product. Thank you for
this. Having bought four Teslas myself
in the past. This would have been useful
for sure. I found myself instructing
dealers and teaching them about software
just so I can get answers to my
questions. Dealers have no clue and
dealers in Italy pure waste of time. Uh
thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we started uh our initial
thought about the buy the buyer pass
which is what really the your listeners
talking about. Uh we started at at
looking at a $29 price point. Uh but
then when we added the search, I I think
that added a lot more value and we're
paying for uh screen reads. Uh and if
you think about it, I mean, you may be
able to go to the the big EV dealer in
your area, and maybe there is one, maybe
there isn't, but if there is one, you
may go there and find one. Uh, but there
are there are dealers now that have one
or two Teslas a month and you're not
going to find those. Uh, and you're not
going to drive to that dealership unless
you use our product and it picks up
picks up the Tesla. Then you can you can
make a phone call if you don't know all
the information and and lock down
whether it is what you're looking for.
We're going to save you hours and hours
of time. So, if you don't think, you
know, a couple hours of your time is
worth $50, uh, go do the work. I mean,
it only took me a couple of thousand
hours to learn all the stuff that I
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Well, yes. And that's the reality is
that big EV lot has eight, 10, 20 Teslas
right now, but they also know what
they're worth. It's that dealership with
one or two ever or a month that doesn't
have the kind of understanding that
we're trying to get that is important to
the people that would want this product.
&gt;&gt; Um, that's
exactly right. Right. I mean, you
sometimes the dealer doesn't even know
if it's a hardware 3 or hardware 4. They
don't, you know, they've heard FSD, but
they don't know if it's in the car. And
if you if it's priced like it doesn't
have it and it has both of those things,
you know, you could you could have saved
like $8,000. I mean, that's that's good
information.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so, I will say guys, you are
also free to subscribe. I mean, that's
something I don't even charge for
because I'm just that generous. Uh, I
want to thank uh, John for coming on
and, uh, giving us the information. I
know a lot of you out there are
considering a robo taxi fleet, perhaps
with Cyber Caps, perhaps with Model Y.
Heck, I ain't driving my uh, my Cyber
Truck or whatever you might have for the
next month while I'm off to the to the
Riviera. Uh, put it out as well. I don't
know. Get it all figured out. So, so if
uh if you're not ready if you're not
ready for uh to join the flock uh so to
speak and join the email because we're
going to be sending out uh probably a
monthly article to all the people on the
email list. That's in addition to the
articles we'll send to the people who
actually subscribe. And you know, as we
get closer, maybe you pull the trigger
and say, "Hey, I really need to commit
to this. I want to take it seriously and
and seriously consider whether or not uh
I I do want to buy a Tesla for this
purpose." Yeah. So, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. We will answer your
questions next time we get together. Uh,
everyone else, uh, like, subscribe, do
what you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots when you yourself are a
robo taxi shepherd and master. H
[clears throat] thanks for having me,
Brian.