Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla EARNINGS Preview: Will We RALLY?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OITjwMGZtTg
Published:   2026-07-22 18:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-22 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

four times every single year quarterly
earnings for Tesla. And because I'm in
Europe right now, I cannot participate
in all the amazing live streams that
Herbert and the Cyber Bulls have set up.
I cannot join Pidgey. I got all these
invites. I had to reject them because I
am old and I need to sleep when it's
midnight. And all these lights around
here are bad for your
melatonin. Can't sleep. if you do shows
at midnight. So, I'm working very hard
on Pioneer Lens on getting to you guys a
totally new set of analyses about the
future of AI from Micron to Nvidia to
AMD to the sector analysis and of course
our favorites SpaceX and Tesla. And so,
I have to work very hard. I need to
sleep at night. So, unfortunately, I
cannot join the live commentary on the
earnings call when it's out. But you
know what's more important? You know
what's much more important than that?
The preview. Because you want to know
what is happening before it happens. And
that's exactly why we are now preempting
all of these things. You should still
watch, of course, everyone. We have
great commentators out there. But what
do we do in preparation
to this great or not so great earnings
call? And that is exactly leading me to
what we will see sooner to uh later
today. Here is the stock by the way
doing horrible as always. And we have to
now see what's going on. We have deadlaw
already our north super north cyprress
beauty sleep is very important. Runer
botnet
land is absolutely right about that in
stagnar say let's do it so we are seeing
the stock here what do we actually have
to expect in this earnings call we will
look into this first of all we have a
great video out Joe Techm he is just the
best he will win all the Oscars that you
can win for these videos you see here an
employee cyber cap carrying Tesla
employees around here I show you and it
parks and you see Cybercap is actually
delivering the employees of Tesla around
the Giga Austin super mega giga
terraactory
and it opens with these beautiful doors.
No steering wheel. Fazard will have a
bad day
and they're already deployed. So what
happens now with earnings?
What is happening here?
Uh
here is a very good chart of CERN. I
will go into some details first about
Tesla the stock where we are right now
with cybercap deployment robo taxi and
the frustrations. As you all know we
have scaled nicely on the cybercap
production. My predictions about
cybercap scaling became true. My
predictions about cyber cap deploying
became not true yet. And CERN is
actually doing us a favor by outlining
this very interesting chart where you
see technical capability and
reliability. I would actually add to
that blue line now more and more and we
are here. That is what we could do. And
to that blue line I want to add even
though that's a different blue line that
goes up. I want to add cyber I want to
add cyber cap scaling. So we are scaling
up the infrastructure. We are scaling up
the entire fleet but we are not scaling
up deployment.
And these two lines okay they create a
gap and that gap is growing every day.
the more the capabilities go up and the
more cyber cap manufacturing goes up and
the less and we and the more we continue
to not scale and that creates
frustration that creates anger that
creates shareholders who curse Elon who
say what the hell that brings the bear
out and say this is all a hoax but we
shouldn't forget the widening of the gap
is not because we are not deploying more
cyber caps or robo taxis It's because
the capabilities actually are going up
and that's a very good thing. Okay, so
that's the little bull case here. The
bull case is Tesla makes tremendous
progress. Everything looks great. We are
just a little delayed and people are
angry and the anger stands in no
relation
to the actual progress we are making and
I believe that is actually true.
You see this here today Tesla second
quarterly earnings call Joe Techm and he
shows us all these great constructions
that are going up. Tesla is an absolute
investment mode. That's the Optimus new
Optimus
factory where we'll see all these
amazing robots being built in the future
in two years or whatever when they start
scaling. We know that Cyber Cap is now
produced. See here they got a good
picture of Fazard when he saw another
cyber cap without steering wheel and
Fazard goes in total meltdown. Nice
shot. I don't know if that was also Joe
Techmire with his uplose drone
technology. Maybe father very frustrated
when Tesla North America says no
steering wheel no pedals
sort of that's going on. We have also
here Caner Fitzgerald saying today ahead
of Q2 earnings overweight rating at $510
price target. The firm highlighted that
the company's robo taxi venture and
forthcoming Sabak platform presents a
highly lucrative software as a service
opportunity like transportation as a
service. Uh furthermore, the analysts
believe that once commercialized Tesla
can swiftly scale its robot taxi
operations and secure substantial market
share despite delays to a wider rollout.
Okay, I totally agree. I think Morgan
Stanley with 30,000 cyber caps or robot
taxes deployed in 2030
is totally wrong and Kent Fitzgerald is
actually more positive on this.
We also have Optimus coming. Okay, now I
wrap it up here. I gave you the bull
case. You understand the bull case. You
understand
that the stock has a brilliant future
ahead of it. But here is why I'm a
little cautious. Here is why I'm very
unbullish on this earnings call and why
I'm not playing these earnings and why
in fact currently I have reduced my
Tesla holdings in the Pioneer Reserve in
Pioneer Alpha to the minimum possible
to the core position. It's still very
significant. It's still the largest
holding even though my net exposure to
Micron since last week is actually
larger than Tesla include if you include
all the options but on a share uh stock
holding uh level of course Tesla is
still the largest position but it's only
the long-term position. I am totally
stripped of all tactical trades for
Tesla because despite all these positive
things we need to be a little grown up
and take a step back.
By the way, when I'm tactically bearish
on Tesla, I still remain in my core
position because I cannot afford to miss
out on any surprise craziness that might
happen. So, of course, I'm holding a lot
of Tesla. But
tactically, I see many other trades or
some other trades that are much better
riskreward.
What is the problem with Tesla? The
problem with Tesla is that we know how
these earnings calls go.
If history is any kind of teacher to us,
we know that Elon is going to perform so
so not so great. I had multiple videos
now outlining my perspective on the Musk
universe, on Elon's mind, how I see it.
Elon has a lot on his plate and Elon has
many projects and he cannot focus on all
of them at once. And when you stack rank
them and think about where the money is
for Elon's universe, I tell you where
the tactical money is. The tactical
money is in Colossus buildout for
SpaceX. That is where the biggest chunk
of tactical money is. Tens of billions
in profit this year if they do it right.
I'm sure Elon is on that one. That is
also something more or less solved. So,
I don't think he spends most of his time
on that, but he will watch it because
that is a very tactical super win for
SpaceX. SpaceX is in freef fall, of
course, as of course obviously predicted
by me and everyone else. It keeps
falling. It will keep falling, but
there's a giant surprise waiting. Gavin
Baker talked about it after I talked
about it, by the way. I'm not saying
Gavin steals my stuff, but he was a
little late on that. It is clear that
Colossus will deliver massive earnings.
So that surprise earnings potentially.
So SpaceX is in freef fall
while we actually see potentially
disruptive earnings coming in for
SpaceX. I love it. I might not wait
until December for SpaceX. If that keeps
falling and our research shows more and
more that this Ebbit is rolling in soon,
maybe SpaceX becomes a buy way before
December.
What I am saying is Elon is focusing on
that. The biggest thing I can guarantee
you the biggest thing Elon is focusing
on right now is both from a tactical
short-term and from a strategic
long-term perspective by far the biggest
lever,
bigger than Robo Taxi, bigger than
Optimus, bigger than Colossus, even
bigger than Starship for reasons I will
explain in a second. And that is AI
satellites because AI satellites is what
everyone got wrong
except for me because I said it since
October or November last year when this
came out. I said people do not
understand
how much of a lowhanging fruit orbital
compute is and how much of an enormous
push function is pushing towards orbital
compute and how much everything hinges
not on Starship for reasons I explain in
a second but on the AI satellite
readiness. Everyone knows we can build
these AI satellites, but the question
between having them commercially ready
end of next year versus 2029 or 2028 is
a trillion dollar question. Elon
understands that and I guarantee you
he's all over AI satellites. If they can
pull AI satellites off next year, they
will get hundreds of billions in DAS for
AI satellites in 2028. and starting in
the second half of 2027, not hundreds of
billions, but it starts.
That is by far the biggest key liver in
the entire musk universe. The second key
liver is of course Starship, but
Starship is kind of soft. I'm not going
to go into the details, but it is
effectively solved. So for the AI
satellites, because the reusability of
Starship is not that important. It is
important long-term and midterm, but not
short-term. Even if they wouldn't reuse
it, it's already viable if you had the
AI satellites.
Why am I saying all these things?
Because it means and and then after AI
satellites, then Starship, then
Colossus, then Optimus, and only then
Roboaxi.
Why? Because robo taxi robo taxi is
effectively
a soft problem.
Okay? It's effectively
a solved problem because robo taxi
is just execution from here on out. It
is not something where we need Elon to
focus on a shock and the team has taken
care of robo taxi and we are seeing them
executing.
What can Elon do to accelerate this? Not
much. That is why he's a little
nonchalant commenting on robo taxi and
saying things that effectively didn't
come true. I think Elon is simply not
paying too much attention to it because
in his mind it's it's a soft thing.
Execute, get them out and do all these
little things, these annoying little
things, the last little edge cases, the
cleaning centers, all these things that
in his mind were solved a long time ago.
So
that is my take on it. And that means
that means the following. this earnings
call.
If there's any surprise here,
of course, you never know. But in my
opinion, the only surprise we will get
is capex. Capex is going up and that is
not a good thing in this whole market.
Now, the market has recovered a little
bit from the panic attack about Micron
and the semiconductors.
So, I think maybe we are digesting this
capex surprise nicely. It's also
potentially not a surprise anymore. Why
is the stock down so much? Because
people probably pricing that whole capex
situation in that the market will not
take too well that we have surprised
capex. I don't know how much of a
surprise no one knows. We will hear very
soon. But when I look at the whole
situation, can they pull something out
of their hat? Can Elon say something
that is actually positive as a catalyst?
I have my doubts because unless it's
something extremely tangible and even if
it's tangible
you know the effects will be limited
because if it's tangible the market was
also going to say well then just let's
wait for it to happen. If they if Elon
says oh we are actually scaling cyber
cap rollout deployment in the next month
the market could also say well why would
I buy the stock now then just wait two
weeks and see it and then buy it.
So there's actually a lot of skepticism
in the market across the board, not just
for Tesla. And that makes this tough. In
other words, it's show me time and you
can't show too much in earnings other
than the actual earnings of the core
business which is kind of known. It's
not the big driver. Anything but
CyberCap or Optimus is kind of pie in
the sky. Even if they make
announcements, I do not think
announcements at this point are moving
the needle. Not just because of Tesla,
but because of the entire market. The
market is spoiled. The market wants to
see massive cash flows and even if they
see the cash flows, they punish stocks
like Nvidia and Micron. It's getting a
little better now, but that is my take.
So, I do not see
I do not see what Elon could possibly
say to give this stock a huge boost. I
do also not see how there's any enormous
surprise in earnings that is very
positive. I think earnings will be very
good but everyone knows that and I do
not see how capex is not a drag. Now
that doesn't mean the stock has to crash
because this is kind of all known and
should be priced in. I expect like a
plus minus 2% swing if I had to bet more
like a minus 2% swing and we will keep
waiting for robo taxi. So that's why I'm
holding back, not doing anything here
around earnings. And let's see what will
happen on a strategic level. Is Tesla a
total buy? Yes. Strategic meaning 12
months or more. So that's my take. It's
good to be in Tesla very tactically.
There might be better opportunities if
you want to trade, if you want to jump
on trains.
Let's see what happens. So, let's go
into
Yeah, Lobonium says, "All signs seem to
point out to it being bad." Not really
bad earnings. It points out to being
good earnings, but a bad reaction of the
stock. I agree. But you know how it is.
If everything points in one direction,
it might do the opposite. It's just
extremely extremely hard to see how
this can actually go very well. Let's go
into the uh discussion here and see
what's going on. Mark Mahaida says got
margin called still made four to 6,000
Danish kuner on each of the four short
puts I had to close. That's good.
That's a good job. If FS fails, the
stock is cooked. That is absolutely
true.
Uh
Roy says, "Joe, last time Trump almost
ended the war with Iran since it's
escalating now. I want to know your
thoughts about a recession.
We can discuss this in a second."
Tesla expand to new cities again.
Exactly. H Pavu has absolutely
is absolutely right about that. And says
live stream during earnings report would
be fun. I know, but it's too late. Sleep
is important.
Uh, Elon is your wild card. It's true. I
mean, you never That's why I don't like
playing earnings like of course
something can happen. Of course, the
stock can go up. I just don't know. Uh,
moral of the story, buy something. This
is not financial advice, but bro,
because I love you, just buy something.
I don't understand the joke, Poxy. Um,
when Tesla does great before earnings,
it usually crashes. Not it's not so
strong and everyone seems bearish. You
know what that mean means? Yes, we have
performed very poorly into earnings
which is that's the only bullish sign
here. You know could we go up after
earnings? Who knows? Of course we can.
Uh we always go down 5%. Not always. We
go mostly down 2% I would say.
Uh,
here are some trolls. Why do we have so
many trolls?
Unfortunately, I can't kick them out
right now.
I have to go on YouTube for that. Um,
robo taxi here. Poxy Frostbite says,
"Robbo taxi is the lowest value
long-term opportunity, but it's the
success that helps fund the highest
value long-term opportunities."
Uh but Joe, the S&amp;P is sideways for a
few weeks, the world is ending. Exactly.
The end of the world is here. Um
I mean, yeah, if you if you just play it
on what Labonium is saying, all signs
seems to point at being bad. You can be
contrarian like Gisu says, then it's
going to be good. I mean from a purely
contrarian and momentum perspective
yes it it's looking more bullish than
bearish because we sold off too much. We
are selling off into very good earnings.
So a contrarian take is yeah it's
probably going to go up a little bit. Um
but look at micron. Look at what happens
to semiconductors. The market can be
very negative if they want to.
Uh, Crosby says, "When can we expect
Optimus V3 demo?"
Well, on Optimus, what we see here is
that the actual buildout of the Optimus
factory is making great progress. And on
Optimus, I think
I do think I would not expect big demos
because demos make not much sense. We
are not in demo mode anymore. We are in
deployment mode. And I think on Optimus,
we should be prepared to not see much.
We we don't see much uh because
uh because I'm just looking at the
market. Wow. There's like
I'm glad I'm in Micron right now. This
is like
Amazon down, Palente down 6%, Apple down
1%,
Microsoft 2%, Nvidia's up a lot. Of
course, that's good for me. I'm betting
on semi right now. So, I don't think
Optimus will see a lot of demos. I think
demo time is over. This is all about
hardcore deployment, so it might need a
little bit more time. Cool. Link Colin
Kaiser says, "Sleep masks are wonderful
for sleeping whenever I want. Sleep
masks, but I can't wear sleep mask when
I do live casting." Mine has Bluetooth
speakers. Very nice.
I think we will be surprised on how many
FSD subs.
Yeah, that could be Elon to his
way through call broken promises. Stick
will drop.
Maybe potentially
uh Tesla is still a growth stock. Well,
I I think CERN is absolutely right. Even
though no one wants to hear that right
now because everyone is angry, but CERN
is right. We are totally on track. This
is going to scale. Maybe we are not on
track. Who knows if we on track or not?
But we are making progress and CyberCap
is scaling. There is no doubt this is a
huge deal. But if we have a narrow view
like I had and say it's May, it's June,
it's July, it's not happening, then
everyone gets frustrated. But you know,
yeah, we we are a little late. We are
three months late.
When do you accumulate SpaceX as it's
dropping? I will wait a little longer.
Uh, I said normally I would wait all the
way to December, but the way it's
dropping, it's dropping very hard while
I'm getting more bullish on Colossus
deployment. And so I might start doing
something, but not now. Not now. We You
have to keep watching the stream because
I'm I'm making my mind up while I watch
this. You have to be tactical sometimes
and watch it. But we are now at 1.6
trillion, maybe below 1.6 trillion
today.
It's getting cheap. I think these people
can get to a $30 billion EBIT run rate
now in 2026.
Let that sink in at a 50 price earnings
forward price earnings ratio. You're at
1.5 trillion.
So if SpaceX actually drops below 1.5
trillion which is extremely close to
where it is now 5% more you're there
and you get Colossus scaled which is
already done and we are seeing contracts
coming in suddenly you're at a 50 price
earnings ratio
that's pretty crazy from 500 down from
500.
Um, Fu
says, "Elon until it's not and
then everyone buys." That's the best
summary I've ever heard. Exactly.
So, the bears are out to eat Joe alive.
The bears are out today to eat Joe
alive.
What does that mean? Am I a bear or
bull?
Um Fred Semas NPV of future cash flows
keeps going up with less uncertainty.
Stock should be at 800 now. I agree.
But we also have to understand
the market.
Andreas Person says, "I want it to
crash. Want to buy for cheaper price.
Tesla 100, please." Hm.
Uh, I don't get why there is so little
information about semi. That's huge.
I want to buy cheap 277 when I get my
salary.
Um,
the joke is that people just need to
invest full stop. That's true. Not in
options that aren't for them, not using
leverage, just boring cash for equity.
There's a great study proxy
uh what was that study where people said
people who deal with Tesla or something
they just make more money much more
money and the reason is was it about
Tesla it was basically the effect that
people who deal with stocks and think
about stocks always outperform everyone
else uh
but not this was the funny thing people
who try to make money with stocks always
outperform everyone else who doesn't
deal with stocks even though they
underperform the market because their
commitment to stocks leads them to
invest in random stocks. They slightly
underperform the market but they put
much more of their money into the market
into their portfolio and that makes them
outperform most of the population
because most of the population is not
exposed to the market. That was very
interesting. So basically you want to be
smart, you want to outperform the
market. Turns out you actually make more
money than everyone else, but you still
underperform the market. Isn't that
funny? Well, I'm outperforming the
market, by the way. Bigly, but who
knows. France's anti- FSD vote will
cause a hamper. Not sure. Starting to
think Elon wants Tesla below 200. I
don't buy into this conspiracy theory
that Elon wants to push Tesla lower. I
think there is a natural inclination if
he wants to merge that he he isn't going
to push the stock up with every
everything he has, but that's a
different story.
Uh Blake Jenkins, hello. Huge fan. Hi
Blake. Do did we get rid of the trolls?
I I don't even know. You guys have to
get rid of the trolls. I can't do it
from here. But I think all the trolls
are gone now.
Uh, Andrea says, "I couldn't care less
about weak people who are angry on Elon.
Sell then get out of Tesla and I buy you
a share cheap." Exactly. That's the
right attitude. SpaceX needs to use a
wedge to buy Tesla so I get my payout.
$750, as you said, is what I think.
You are correct, Alexander. I was wrong.
By the way, Alexandra now says she's
changing her mind and says they might
have to do what I say. what I said they
need to have a ratchet and stuff because
SpaceX goes down so much
that was predictable that they go down.
Roy says market is pricing in a
recession and the reason why all stocks
are flipping down. Iran war bad tech
earnings midterms coming up September
always bearish a lot of tail risk. I
totally agree. I think Q4 in September
September October.
Yeah, nasty stuff.
The interesting thing is that
semiconductors for example and now even
SpaceX they are you know front running
that a little bit. We have very low
valuations on the semis. Uh even after
the latest bounce, it was very good for
me. Uh
Tesla's conservatively priced more and
more. Uh SpaceX, I mean look at SpaceX.
So
I agree, Roy. We have many problems,
especially Iran. I mean, this seems more
and more unhinged. It seems like
completely unhinged at this point. US
oil reserves are super low, the lowest
in a very long time. The reason the oil
price has not totally exploded so far
was all the reserves and they are
running out. So if we hit that and the
Iranians are dummies, they know that.
They know if they push it another month,
it could be a disaster. Obviously, some
of their allies
really don't want that. China doesn't
want that. I mean, Russia, I don't know.
Russia is now having talks with Rubio.
I think the Ukraine war might come to an
end at some point. There is a lot of
talks behind the scenes and now Lav is
talking to Rubio the foreign minister,
secretary of state and foreign minister.
So
things are happening but Iran yeah long
story short and the Chinese model drops.
There is enormous I had the black pill
video on Monday.
I think that was a very good video for
macro understanding.
I think the market understands more and
more that there's tremendous risk all
over the place from macro geopolitical
risk and war to AI risks AI disruption
risks uh to other things midterms of
course and yeah I think there are some
serious headwinds.
What if a robo taxi business isn't very
profitable when all the capital and
running expenditures are taken into
account, says Jesse Cumberlech. It is
very profitable because we analyze this
back and forth. Robo taxi will be an
enormously profitable business. I do not
think that is something we have to be
worried about. We have to be worried
about timing.
Joe, did you see Dylan Lumis video on
Tesla? Uh, no. I saw his ex post. He's
getting a little uh
negative, I think. I have to watch it. I
don't know what the latest is, but Dylan
seems to become a little negative here.
And we have to see. Minico says, "I
don't care whether it goes up or down.
Just want to see Joe get excited." I'm
not getting too excited if this crashes
too much, but I'm I'm in a good
portfolio positioning
mode right now, right? If we see a
surprise really, I'm not going to
totally get killed uh on being left
behind. But if it crashes, I can I was
in much worse positions before.
I buy SpaceX when it's at 85.
Yah Pavu.
I am not putting a price target on my
entry point. I need to see timelines and
price and Colossus all coming together.
It's definitely early. It's too early to
buy it. That's for sure in my opinion
because Roy is right. We have a lot of
headwinds coming for the market. And so
there might be dark times ahead and if
we see dark times ahead, even if it's
just for a month, SpaceX has no chance
of staying here. SpaceX needs the market
to be a little more positive. It needs
to be cheaper and it needs to have real
signals or news that Colossus is coming.
Andreas Peterson, insane how idiotic
people are who ain't invested in the
stock market. I wouldn't call them
idiotic, by the way, Andreas. They are
probably ignorant. They don't know about
the stock market.
They just don't know. Like, there are
few people who know about it and then
don't invest. It's most like the normies
out there. They don't know that stocks
exist. They don't know what the market
is.
Tesla Autonomy UK, are you on Cyberbulls
tonight? Love it when you disagree with
Herbert and Alexandra. No, I said it.
Tesla Autonomy. Uh, it's too late. I
have to sleep at night. I don't want to
have my melatonin messed up with these
lights. These lights
are very intense. Looking forward to
updated FSD subscription stats.
Reoccurring revenue.
Absolutely. The merger can happen when
Tesla is dropping. Cheaper deal. Just as
question how fast Elon wants to go.
Yeah.
Joe, what's your 2030 Tesla price
target? It's still four and a half
thousand
updated, but we will have more updates
soon. I don't change the price target
too much. I don't think we are too late.
Actually, I I keep all my latest I I
took it down from 10,000 beginning of
last year because I was then
anticipating faster. I shifted the
timeline 18 months. That gets me to
roughly four and a half thousand.
I think you know people will be very
impressed. I have to still run the
SpaceX numbers. Let's see.
Will we see Tesla at 1,00 by year end
2027?
Probably.
I do think so. Joe, where do you think
SpaceX will hit some resistance?
Resistance? What do you mean resistance?
You mean floors to the downside
resistance?
I mean, there's not much holding it back
right now from dropping more in my
opinion. They need to roll out Colossus.
When the IRGC is gone, the world is
better off. When? Yes, when. But when is
that?
Third place. Highly doubt we rarely.
Market seems to be repricing Tesla.
I think that is correct. I think the
market wants to see now robo taxi
rolling out.
Uh Hadukan SC, what is SC? South
Carolina. Joe, can you talk about the
infrastructure needed to upkeep the robo
taxi network and where we are on the
timeline with this? I always said the
robo taxi infrastructure is not any kind
of bottleneck. That is easy stuff for
Tesla. It is actually even easier than
dealerships. Uh they just need per city
one or two major hubs, you know, so they
need to build across three major Texas
cities. They need to have maybe, you
know, between three and six hubs. They
can just build them within two weeks. I
mean they're Tesla. They just built
Colossus in 90 days. So 120 days,
whatever. So that is not that was never
the problem. There's only one problem.
FSD needs to work.
What's your target price if it drops?
You mean Tesla? Uh
it's hard to tell if they want to repric
it. I think it can keep dropping a
little bit from here because I mean, you
know, the market could say we want to
see results. What scares me a little bit
why I'm like
moderating myself on Tesla right now in
this market is I'm watching Nvidia, AMD,
Micron, and the others very closely. SK
Heinix. These are tremendous companies.
They have tremendous growth ahead of
them. And when you see how the market
treats them, okay, what if the market
just says we treat Tesla like them? Then
we are totally screwed. Of course, I'm
not going to do that. I don't want to
scare you too much, but you know, these
are tough times. The market has
extremely high expectations. I think
because negativity is high, risk is
high, micro risk, geostrategic risk, AI
risk. And if we take these
semiconductors as any kind of benchmark,
it's a tough market out there.
Cross your fingers, Joe. I'm advanced to
interview number two for a new project
manager position at a workplace who pays
10% more than I did today. Cross your
fingers for me. I will, Andreas. That's
amazing.
Who's being negative? Dylan Lumis. I
think I have to watch his latest video.
And I'm not saying it's bad to be
negative. I just want to Dylan is smart.
He's someone who follows Tesla. I just
want to see what he says. But he's a
little crit critical. Should we look it
up?
Uh, we can look it up
on X. What is Dylan's latest
Dylan?
Lumis
here. Dylan Lumis, not to be that guy.
But this is right before earnings that
they unlocked two more cities. This
happened with Dallas and Houston last
quarter and 94 days after those
launches. Tesla is still 5 to 10 active
vehicles in other locations. Just
something to keep in mind. So yeah,
Dylan is getting a little critical here.
here with Tesla's Q2 earnings call this
week. I'm sadly going in with much
different expectations. I really don't
know how much we can believe of what
Tesla and Elon say. I'm only sharing
this with a hope that Elon Tesla will
recalibrate and learn from underpromised
and overperform. Here's the thing, okay?
I have been an Elon follower and tracker
and fan since 2009
roughly. I have followed Elon for a very
long time. I have seen him as the as our
central talent way before it was cool. I
met him 2011 in Silicon Valley. Had a
quick chat before he was very famous. He
was already a little famous. And we have
to understand like the fanboy stuff with
Elon. I have to laugh sometimes what
people say about Elon. Like Elon wants
to win. He wants to dominate. He wants
to have infinity money.
I think he is a better personality and
character than most others in that
field, but that still doesn't make him a
super nice guy. Like Elon wants to win
and I think it's admirable that he has
maintained
I think a pretty strong and positive
character with all that power he has. So
I think he it is admirable. But thinking
he's like Jesus,
I don't know Jesus, but thinking he's
like Jesus, that's like a mistake. Elon
wants to win. And if you lose a little
bit in between, it's not that Elon cares
about that too much. You would be very
naive to think that. That doesn't mean
he wants to screw us all over, but you
know, this is about winning. And you win
with SpaceX right now.
That doesn't mean Elon wants Tesla to
fail. Tesla is very important for him
too for his full strategy. But we have
to kind of stop
anthropomorphizing
trillionaires,
right? It's this is about business and
winning. And if you think Elon is like,
"Oh, I don't want to hurt anyone." Like
this is very stupid. Elon is the central
power player of Earth and you need to be
a little tough to be there. I'm just
saying. So, you have to be rational and
think about what does Elon actually
want? he wants to win. You have to stack
stack rank the missions and you know
that's how it is. Be a little smarter
than that.
Um
okay, let's go down here for Tesla. What
price target if it drops? I don't know
what the price target if it drops. I
know the long-term price target. Usually
with Tesla earnings, it depends on
Elon's mood. Yeah. $45,000 price target.
What a pathetic clown. Oh, there's
another little uh troll. How can I get
get rid of trolls? I don't know how. Uh,
what business plan do you think Tesla
should take with Roboaxi? Run it
themselves, top or bottom, or do a
franchise model and charge monthly for
FSD. Personally, I prefer software
margins.
Um,
we did the ma math on it. It's very
clear that you have to run robotex
yourself. You have to do the capex. You
have to own the fleet. and then you can
win. You make the most money by not
renting them out.
Uh, as a very small investment buyer, I
like the low share prices. Of course, I
will hold my 10 shares for several years
at least. Colin Kaiser. Well, that's
good. Hello from Florida Space Coast.
Titan IV Padrat. That's a great name.
Hello to the Space Coast in beautiful
Florida.
All he said was, "Let's keep our hopes
down." Yes, I would, you know, I would
be cautious down over 200k with 2,000
plus shares. I need this thing to move
up. I can't ride this thing much longer.
I would not get too nervous. YouTube.
Uh Tesla can drop more of course,
but we are I think robo the the odds
that we do not see robo taxes at scale
in the next 12 months are very very
slim. In other words, we have a very
high chance to see thousands and tens of
thousands of these things by this time
next year. And I know everyone is
complaining we are late.
I'm extremely sure about that. And that
would be very positive for the stock.
Tit Titan Ivy Pat in beautiful Florida
says,
"Joe, if you're in the area, when Super
Heavy launches here at Space Coast, I
will have a spot on my pontoon for you
and a guest to be as close as we can.
Also, Starlink, you can live broadcast.
That would be fun." Titan, you can ping
me on. I don't have a Florida trip
planned, but you never know. US is on
the agenda and Florida is never far away
from DC and New York. That would be fun.
We could live stream the rocket launch
from a pontoon. Love pontoons. It's so
American.
Uh you have to make someone regular a
mod. They can remove troll comments.
Yeah, the problems. I'm streaming into X
and into YouTube paral. Yeah, I should
uh definitely make a regular mod or
multiple so we can uh kick these little
trolls out. These trolls. They always,
you know, in Norway they have these
little trolls. They actually have little
trolls. They can be nice. They can be
bad. And that's why they're called
trolls. They're coming out of the caves
at night and then try to be malicious.
We need to kick them out.
Mu, I'm guessing people are looking for
that special 900 before it bounces up
again. Where's the micron right now?
Is it going down or is it holding up at
960 or whatever?
It's holding up very nicely.
I made this my biggest net exposure at
850. That was a little risky, but this
is just insanely undervalued this thing.
Insanely undervalued. And then some news
came out. So, let's see. I would be
cautious about above 1,000 because you
don't know what the market is up for
next. But long term, this is a hot
thing.
Sitting at 24 shares so far and trying
to get to 100 in SpaceX. Not a bad idea,
but take your time.
Does the cursing rain dance to make
Tesla go to 100 so Andreas can buy for a
very very nice price? 100 would be
pretty brutal. Uh, at least the price
ran down into earnings.
Yes.
Absolutely. That might be the only
bullish sign.
If you told Tesla bulls last June, this
is where we would be in July 2026, 100%
of them would have called you crazy as
heck. Yes, that's true. Nice shirt.
I bought it in Copenhagen. It's Danish.
Build some decoy bridges for the trolls.
Yes,
exactly. Ready
trader one.
The Germans. I always trust the Germans.
Not all of them, but ready trader one. I
don't trust Mertz. I don't trust the
chancellor, but I trust ready trader
one.
Uh, don't you be angry in 365 days? Yes,
Hugh. Listen to Andreas Peterson.
Islab Bonita.
Islab Bonita. That sounds Mexican. We
need the Billy Goat Gruffs to kick those
trolls off the Tesla bridge. Greetings
from Granada in the Caribbean.
Caribbean. I have five SpaceX leverage
position. What does that mean? Five
SpaceX leverage positions. Granada.
Beautiful pirate city in the Caribbean.
Greetings to the Caribbean, Islabonita.
Under Lucian stock market, if I look at
the stock pattern of the weeks, it's a
natural pullback. Nothing to worry
about. Only Mertz I trust.
The only Merz I trust is Alexandra.
That's a very good joke. Um,
blank space. Good job. That's a good
joke.
Okay, so I think we wrap it up here. We
have seen everything we need to know.
You know my take on Tesla earnings and
no one gives you the take before because
they're all scared of predicting things.
My job is to predict predict the future
and of course sometimes I'm not correct.
But I'm not doing it for clicks. I'm
doing it for money.
Uh that sounds like a cheap excuse.
If I was a girl, that would sound bad.
I'm not doing it for clicks. I'm doing
it for money, but I'm talking about the
prediction of the future. Uh, and I
think if I had to make a bet, Tesla
drops 2%. That's my bet.
That's what I think. That's what's going
to happen. I have some short puts, by
the way, because I don't mind buying
some stocks if it goes down. Uh, but I
offset some of my core position. I sold
a piece of my core position and instead
sold some short puts at the money. 377.
Got 12 bucks for it. So, I thought
that's a safer bet. Let's see. I'm doing
it for alpha.
Exactly.
Okie dokie. So,
I hope you get what you want. You guys
want all different things through
earnings. Some want it to drop, some
want it to go up. Uh
Poxy's on my side. He's also doing it
for the money. That's how we roll. And I
hope you enjoy earnings. You can
link into all the live streams and I see
you on the other side. Thank you so
much.