Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Got Several Massive Catalysts
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Me1-6pg2VR0
Published:   2026-05-12 18:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-13 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's stock has rocketed over $45 over
the last 5 days. There are a lot of
reasons why this is happening. Let's
explore that further. Some important
things are happening for Tesla. First,
President Trump invited Elon Musk along
with executives from Apple, Meta,
Boeing, and several investment firms to
join him on his trip to China.
Hopefully, this will result in some good
business deals for Tesla, including
perhaps an expanded launch of full
self-driving there. Second, Tesla's
cybercap production is continuing,
albeit slowly, with 37 new ones spotted.
Tesla appears to be moving to more
unsupervised rides. 64% of all robo taxi
rides in Austin have been unsupervised
in the last 7 days. Third, Whimo is
recalling 3,800 robo taxis over a
self-driving software issue that caused
vehicles to drive onto flooded roads.
Just a software update, but now we know
the real number of Whimo cars out there.
Uber partner AV Ride is under
investigation for 16 self-driving
crashes. Fourth, Tesla just announced
two big moves at their Giga Berlin
plant. With $759,000 cars built, they
plan to scale to grow production 20%.
Plus, they announced they're investing
$250 million to expand 4680 battery cell
production. That would more than double
current production and create more than
1,500 new jobs. Today, we've got Joe
Bacti joining us. He's an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; All right, stock. Yeah, you've been
saying we've been watching hoping that
the stock will go past 400. You said not
only will it hit over 400, you still
think it will go up to the all-time
highs of 490. Let's get what you're
saying. But right now, let's take a
quick look. In the last 5 days, the
stock jumped $42 11%. Of course, we're
still midday today, so we don't know
what'll end up at 1 pm Pacific time, but
uh yeah, what is your thinking about
what's happening to the stock?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I my reasoning was very
straightforward. I said we are we fell
much uh far too low after earnings. That
was ridiculous because earnings were
great and you know that was just
completely fake news. So that was an
amazing opportunity. I loaded up with
this thing and said we are back to 400
in no time. That's exactly what
happened. Now, I'm saying I think we
will reach all-time highs also in no
time, assuming the market holds up. Uh,
today we have a little breather, but
after this crazy rally on the NASDAQ and
on Tesla, I'm not surprised that we take
a little breather. That's very healthy.
The reasoning I have is we were at
all-time highs December 16th of last
year, right after Christmas or before
Christmas. So there's no reason we
shouldn't be at all-time highs with the
market and the NASDAQ beyond all-time
highs from there and Tesla being a much
stronger company than they were at these
all-time highs. So I think it's just
logically built in that we are going
back to 490 independent of robo taxi and
anything beyond that I would be very
cautious once we get close to that. If
robo taxi didn't scale yet to multiple
hundreds and has strong growth, I think
then we can hit a ceiling and maybe a
retracement of some sort. That's kind of
my current tactical trading strategy and
works like a charm. Of course, today
it's a little bit of a red day, but that
was to be expected.
&gt;&gt; So Joe, I didn't hear you say uh
anything about certain catalyst that
might have happened. It's just basically
the earnings call was oversold and then
we're going to come back. Now, if if the
sentiment of the macro and everything
seems to be turning around positive,
this will just go up on its own. It's
not that, oh, they've got more FSD and
more super unsupervised or they've been
growing subs or the
I'm doing trading uh besides long-term
investing. That's pretty straight
straightforward and easy. But the
tactical trading, I think in basian
layers, right? I I construct each layer
independently and say like okay let's
assume market is stable let's let's
assume no escalation of some war
somewhere no new black swan event and
markets at all-time highs maybe dabbling
around a little higher little below
all-time highs and no catalyst let's
take optimus let's take rootaxi put it
into a draw and not think about it for
for a minute based on no catalyst we
should go back to 490 that's what I'm
saying the catalyst then come in and
layer on top of that. Of course, roboex
is a fullon different thing. We should
be at 490 and we will go back to 490 if
nothing happens, if there's no catalyst
because that's where the stock belongs
and the market has shown that's where it
prices the stock without catalyst and
you know if the market is at all-time
highs and which it is that's why I think
there's a magnet towards all-time highs
without that. If we see either if that
takes until Optimus launches like you
know in in in whatever it is now 70 days
or something that's the first catalyst
and the second super catalyst of course
is robo taxi. Now whether that happens
or not is a whole different discussion
but not important to me right now
because I know I'm bullish. I'm
tactically super bullish already on the
baseline. If there comes something on
top, we have to watch out for it because
then we can see the great repricing that
can happen any time at the minute at the
millisecond the market recognizes or
thinks robo taxi is happening at scale
with a straight line to multiple
millions right and the question is when
is that point when does the market
believe okay we we cross the rubicon is
it at 100 200 1,000 2,000 10,000 20,000
we will have to decide that I think it's
way below 10,000. Then we will see the
great repricing and that is not 490.
That's something between 600 and a,000
in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; Okay, great explanation. I felt the same
way when the stock fell, remember when
it fell all the way to $100.
&gt;&gt; One of the things I one of my little uh
pet peeves is somebody will say to you
and it's true. It's absolutely true and
I get it when they'll say if a stock is
$100 and it fell to $50. It's not just a
it's a 50% drop but it's 100% to get
back up. Making it sound like oh my god
it's harder to that's not I I don't look
at it that way. It fell by 50. It can
rate it can go up by 50. That's what it
is. So when the stock fell to 100, my
comment was simply at the time, well, if
it fell to 100 in 3 months, it could
easily go back up uh to wherever it was
in 3 months without any other catalyst
and all that. This was just
&gt;&gt; that's exactly the way to think about it
like you always have to differentiate.
You have basically three different
things. You have the stock price, you
have the fundamentals, and you have the
market. If the fundamentals are the same
as December 16th or better, which is
totally the case much when it was at all
time high
&gt;&gt; and nothing is worse and the market is
also higher than it was. We are just
going back. It's that simple.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Although my only comment would be
it could have been very likely that it
overshot at 490 as being the all-time
high. That was overpriced. that was a
overbullish because of the Trump uh I
remember what happened at the time.
&gt;&gt; No, but that was that that's what I
that's what I'm saying. That is
different. I'm not talking about
December 17th, which is funny. December
17th, 2024 was the high for 2024.
December 16th, 2025 was the high for
2025. Now 2024, different situation
because that was momentum play. That was
Trump. Even though
&gt;&gt; I see
&gt;&gt; I would argue against that because
that's factored into my market factoring
right that affected the whole market. So
if the market is now back at all-time
highs, that's why the market is so
important. You have to look at the
market and Tesla relative to the market.
Tesla relative to the market right now
has gone down. Fundamentals have gone
up. Makes no sense. So then you're
waiting for, okay, this is going to
catch up. And what we have seen over the
last week, this insane move, that's
exactly, you know, for a lot of people,
they just get surprised or think, is it
robo taxi? I said right away, no, this
is like logical, but Tesla as a stock
doesn't move predictably, right? It can
go flat. If it should be at 490, it can
go flat for two weeks and then vertical
for no reason. But we know in the big
picture, it has to get back there.
That's how I see it.
&gt;&gt; And why I'm so bullish is that is all
independent of Optimus, independent robo
taxi. So, we just this can happen at any
point and then you have a super
catalyst. So,
&gt;&gt; more catalyst.
&gt;&gt; That's why I'm pretty bullish right now.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for explaining that. But we
got a lot of news to still cover today,
but we wanted to cover your opinion on
the stocks and you did that very well
well articulated. So u there is signals
here that perhaps when Elon Musk has
been invited by Trump uh President Trump
to visit China and they're going to meet
uh in uh Thursday. But if that happens,
there's signs that Tesla's full
self-driving will be fully approved and
uh more and more signs. Number one, uh,
we were reporting on people being hired
autopilot engineers in China, but here's
another one. The owner's manual has been
changed and it looks like that the FSE
supervised version 14 is going to be now
called Tesla assisted driving.
And uh, so this is the news he Elon Musk
was invited to join President Trump as
well as Tim Cook of Apple as well as
Boeing, Goldman Sachs, Blackstone, Black
Rockck, Cityroup, and Meta. they've been
invited. So, it looks like to me that
it's Apple and Tesla, obviously, two big
companies who do business in China, uh,
or or want to do business with them. And
then, of course, there's Boeing, but
then the rest are interesting. The rest
are primarily, you know, except for
Meta, the rest are primarily investment
bankers. And says here that President
Trump hopes to unlock a series of
business deals with China.
So what's your take on on what's
happening and what can we expect in the
next day or two?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, a macro comment. The
fact that Trump uh invites all these
business leaders on the trip to China is
very positive for the uh trade war with
China for the sta state of the trade war
because if that would be a highly
contested like summit right a kind of a
war summit peace summit you don't bring
your entire leadership like corporate
leadership with you it it means we are
postconlict right you're not bringing
Elon and the whole crew over if it's
highly contested and you want to do like
final strike against China or something.
It is very clear that behind the scenes
there's peace. Now is deal time. Now is
the time to basically do big things. So
on a macro perspective that is extremely
bullish in my opinion. If we assume
Trump is like rational, which some
people now doubt after the Iran thing,
but let's assume it's still everything
is on track. I think then this is a very
positive signal. very likely the USChina
relationship has been you know calmed
down and is more positive now otherwise
you wouldn't bring all these people
&gt;&gt; very interesting is that Yensen Huang is
not invited uh which is in my opinion
clear there was a lot of debate by
Yansen he he made a very big push
against the uh against the export uh
restrictions against Nvidia and I think
that's highly contested he wants to have
his chips in China he made a very big
and Trump is clearly still not playing
along. So, he doesn't want him there.
But that's just a side note on the
semiconductor wars. So, Trump is still
convinced we shouldn't deliver high-end
chips like Blackwell 300 or something to
China. And Yens makes a very strong
argument that it's a mistake. Now, I
don't know, it's complicated, but of
course, Yens is biased. Of course, for
him, he wants to export it. Tricky
situation, but
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; the other guys um clearly that's
bullish. Clearly, China is very
important for Tesla. Clearly looking at
Optimus, we as Tesla shareholders and
SpaceX shareholders maybe soon. We have
a very strong interest in not having too
much problems and tariffs with China
because the entire supply chain for
Optimus comes from China. That's very
clear at this point. Like the major key
components, very important key
components all come from China. So if
there would be massive tariffs, not
great for Tesla. So that's a positive. I
think that we see, you know, this whole
thing warming up seemingly. Uh, and it's
interesting to see what the United
States actually plans to do. I think
when you really take a step back,
it's it's a difficult question above my
pay grade to decide if you should go to
trade war against China or not like help
you know have open trade, help both
sides. It it accelerates their robots in
AGI. It accelerates the American robots
in AGI. or if you should play tough. But
right now, it seems there's like a
warming up situation that would
accelerate AI development in China and
robotics development in China, even
though they ahead anyway by like a lot.
H, but it also accelerates the United
States. So,
you know, I think ultimately from an
economics perspective, you have the
choice. Are you just progrowth? Are you
pro- economic growth in the United
States? Is that your priority? Then open
up everything with China. or are you for
conflict and say we it's more important
than growth is to keep them down which
by the way sometimes is the right move
but I don't I don't know what the right
move is but it seems like Trump is now
betting on growth and says we need just
maximum growth here. Yeah, I think
President Trump needs a win, needs wins
because he hit the window with the
tariffs and then now the trade of Hermuz
and now he's got to come out and have a
win. And normally, usually my my
interpretation of all this is that you
don't go and invite your CEOs to visit.
They've already pre-negotiated the
contracts and maybe final decisions
might still happen. And I'm not saying
100% of them will be approved, but it's
almost like a ceremonial
like let's announce to the world. And
why the investment bankers? I think
that's you know they China wants them to
invest money. They need the cash and
then uh you know to bootstrap their
economy growing. And then on the other
side and the other people that were
invited is General Electric, Cargill,
Micron,
Qualcomm, Visa, Aluminina, Coherent
Corp. Lots of companies are coming and
so each one of them probably had already
pre-negotiated some sort of deal that
they're going to announce after this. So
hopefully
&gt;&gt; something I had a video out on that.
It's very recently I think two days ago
on the whole private private equity
deals Blackstone uh and all and Apollo
group with uh Entropic and independently
with OpenAI one $1 billion deal and one
$4 billion deal where they're forming
joint ventures and the importance of
private equity is these are the guys who
are basically aiming at the second tier
of your economy. So top tier are large
enterprise S&amp;P 500, Fortune 500. These
companies are getting agied by OpenAI
and Anthropic directly and Microsoft,
right? They do deals with them. They
have sales forces to cover the 500
largest companies. But the entire
underbelly like the entire midsize
industries are in the hands of private
equity. So private equity is your
delivery channel in America but also in
China, right? they are the ones who
aggregate and accumulate all these
mid-size businesses which is like the
heart that's like where everything kind
of happens uh and then there are single
entry points for anthropic for open AI
for XAI for all the big hyperscalers to
get AI into the entire economy so that's
important to know that's a huge player
of a right equity to become basically
the catalyst and the conduit for
complete deployment of all these
advanced white tuna replacement and then
robots and thing and I think there's you
know the sign of them going to China I
think these private equity companies
they're very smart cookies and they're
also merging with venture capital by the
way it becomes like one thing a private
capital and they become very good at
that stuff and their business model is
very clear now with AI they they become
hyper tuned with AI they then go and buy
all these companies and consolidate them
and implement AI and that is just a
massive boost of enterprise value for
And I think clearly they've always found
China interesting. So I think that's why
they're so important. They can go to
China and also vacuum clean up the whole
thing if China allows it.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's hopefully we'll
hear lots of business uh deals and
hopefully Tesla. Tesla will have their
full self-driving maybe something more.
Elon is there. He always does it seems
to me in the past have a good
relationship with the Chinese government
and comes out with some big deals. Okay,
let's hope that that's the case. Um,
back to here in the US with Robo Taxi.
As we've been watching, Tesla now has 39
unsupervised vehicles between Austin,
Houston, and Dallas. They look like they
are converting all of their supervised
cars into unsupervised, and that should
be another 20 more to fill out the 50
plus. Uh, but this stat here is 64% of
all Tesla robo taxi rides in Austin have
been unsupervised in the last seven
days. So, that's good news just to watch
that. Although I have to, you know, to
be fair, Tesla does not have that many
cars and they are very a few number
rides and uh there's a lot of huge
weight list. So it's still a test pilot
and this kind of like it's just a signal
that they're moving to unsupervised. And
in terms of uh production of Cyber Cabs,
thank you again to Joe Techmire. He's
watching both Cyber Cabs and this new
$59,000 Cybert truck. Such a great
price. You can see more and more of
them. And so he's saying hard to say for
sure, but production may be just getting
started here on this early and soggy
morning at Giga Texas. This version is
much harder to visually distinguish from
the premium all-wheel drive. So, but it
looks like it's starting to be produced
and he's seeing that a lot more
happening. And in terms of cyber cabab,
there's 37 more. And just a few days
ago, we saw 40. So, they're all being
driven around all over the US.
&gt;&gt; And it's interesting. We don't know the
production rate of course. It's very
hard to determine how frequently they
leave the parking lot. But if you have
constantly 30 or 40 and you assume even
that they only leave twice a week, it
could be more frequent. You're already
talking about, you know, probably 10 a
day at minimum. At minimum manufacturing
rate, probably 20. That means we are we
are looking at 300 to 600 cyber caps per
month. Like think about that. So I
always said 1,800. That's my inflection
point. Now we are probably already at
500 or whatever produced and this is
ramping up. So within a month we are at
my number not deployed but existing and
we know that these things what are they
supposed to do? Of course the theory is
maybe they need to train them a little
bit and have a
&gt;&gt; um driving around but I doubt that we
will have a fleet of multiple thousands
you know driving around without any kind
of commercial. I can I can see a
thousand I can see them creating a
thousand cyber cabs and the purpose of
the thousand cyber cabs is they'll go
around all multiple states and and
concentrate here in Austin as well and
Dallas and others and they're being
tested for full self-driving robo taxi
just double double triple a track could
be two or 3 months before they roll it
out as a robo taxi but by then they
would guarantee that it works you know I
mean like they don't they don't have any
cyber cabs out there this is a brand new
vehicle
We have had Model Y's and we've been
testing millions of them, millions of
them, been testing on the roads. So,
they got a really good data set to
really understand uh what it's able to
do and what it's not able to do yet.
&gt;&gt; But I'm always myself into the shoes of
a bear short and then I think okay, we
are getting to 1,000 and north of 1,000
cyber caps per month within three
months, right? So, there's no doubt
about that.
&gt;&gt; And then, okay, then you turn these
things out. You have six months of
10,000. So you have 10,000 by end of the
year. No one can really doubt that
unless they're ramped down production.
And so what is your bet as a short or
bear? Your bet is well they have 10,000.
They have 15,000 but they will never use
them. It's like that's a bold bet. It's
a very bold bet. I would not take that
bet.
&gt;&gt; Nope. There'll be 10,000 I think by the
end of the year or something like that.
And then there will be a thousand sub
caps per city. And then there will be
100 Model Y's per city. That's 10%. So
10% of all rides are requires more than
two people in a car. So that's why they
have they're going to ramp up each city
to 100 Model Y's. And that's what we're
watching happening now. And then you'll
add the caps.
&gt;&gt; At some point they will use them. That's
the point. At some point they will
&gt;&gt; the cyber caps will be used of course.
Okay. So that is what's happening with
robo taxi and cyber cabs. But uh news on
Whimo and AV ride uh not so good. Whimo
had to recall nearly 3,800 robo taxis
over the self-driving software issue. So
first off, it is software. So it could
be just over the air. But we do not know
if actually Whimos can do over the air
or not. But regardless, it's a small
number of cars. So I'm not it's not
that's not a big deal at all. But we now
know the number. So, you know, for the
longest time we've been saying 3,000,
but actually they have 3,800
Whimos uh that is payouts possible to be
uh put on the roads here. And what it is
is that this software issue is that it's
causing these vehicles to drive onto
flooded roads. And this is pertaining to
the fifth and sixth generation automated
driving system. So, it seems like
something that they hadn't fixed. So,
they're doing two things. One is they're
going to recall and fix the software. Uh
but also they're going to reduce the
kind of u limit when a car should the
robot taxi service should be available.
If it's extreme weather, they will limit
that and they won't do it. So uh we're
working to implement additional software
safeguards and have put mitigations in
place including refining our extreme
weather operations during periods of
intense rain. If it's intense rain,
they're going to limit the access to
areas where flash flooding might occur.
So Nitsa has said Whimo's temporarily
narrowed its operating scope to deal
with this. And separately, we facing a
Nitsa investigation for one of its
self-driving vehicle struck a child near
an elementary school. We don't know much
about this minor injuries. And again, if
you remember this, it was the Whimo
slowed down significantly. And so if if
it was just a regular car, that kid
could have been dead. But because this
way slowed down, that's the self-driving
cars are much much safer. But uh they
need to investigate all of this as
possible. So this is what happened um or
or what's happening.
&gt;&gt; This was actually last year.
&gt;&gt; So this car was wayo drove right into a
flooded thing. Doesn't recognize it.
It's one of the issues despite all the
sensors it has. Can't recognize it. This
was in 2025.
&gt;&gt; But I think this video here
&gt;&gt; Oh, poor guy.
This area flooded and my car is driving
in the middle of it.
&gt;&gt; What the hell?
&gt;&gt; It's really funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, but okay. So, everybody's safe. It's
all fine. But um he you know that that
was just recent that video there. So,
this is this happens. This is fine.
They'll solve this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but when it comes to the 3,600, I
mean, you know, my opinion about way
more. I think it's just a complete dead
end the whole operation. I mean, not I
mean, they have a lot of work to do. I
think they simply don't have the
technology. People don't understand the
problem. If you rely on lighter, you
have to revamp your entire thing before
you scale. You have to kick out lighter.
And that's not this is a non-trivial
improvement. Look at Tesla. Even Tesla
when they when they deploy a new version
of FST, this is always like a big
operation, right? They have to, you
know, install a new version, test it,
they're fine-tune it. What do you think
happens if you have to rip out your
stupid lighter and then do vision only?
That's like a that's not easy, right?
That's a year of transition. So, and
they're not even there. So, I think
they're absolutely behind and we have
don't have to worry about it. It's all
about for me like I think the earliest
where Whimo could solve the technology
thing. I said this for a long time is
maybe 2028. Then they have to start from
scratch and actually roll out these
things. It's all about there is no
competition right now. It's all about
how quickly can Tesla get it done. And
you and me are believers. It happens
this year. And when I mean it, I mean
scaled unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Whimo is losing5 to6 billion
dollars a year. That translates to $100
per ride. They're losing $100 for every
ride. Okay. Now, uh they they have 3,800
out there. And uh I agree with you. I've
been predicting that Whimo will announce
that they're going to be buying a car
company, a factory. They need to be
building cars on their own that they
own. That will happen. And then they
won't have liar. It'll just be vision
only. And that will be the next thing
that they do because they're losing five
to six billion bucks a year. So, you
choose your weapon. Um, okay. And then
this is AVID, uh, partnered with Uber.
They started off with the, uh, you know,
the delivery of the food on a sidewalk
and they have their version. Anyways,
they're being investigated by Nitsa for
16 crashes. And again, when people say
crashes, I like to say they're actually
not crashes. They're incidents.
apparently struggled with changing
lanes, responding to other vehicles in
the same lane, responding to stationary
objects. By the way, this was happening
when these AV rides would still have a
safety monitor in the driver's seat. So,
they're supervised, but yet these things
occurred. And that's what Nitso's
wanting to do is why is that happening
even if you have it supervised? That's
the weird part. also like what is
important
&gt;&gt; I'm always stressing this point but we
have to understand from the outside it
just looks like there's Tesla there's
this guy there's way there's someone
else right and they're just competing
but when you look through it and look at
the actual numbers and realize these
technologies are not random it's not
that no one knows how to do it and they
just dabble around these are known
systems what you need to do there are
metrics there's like what compute do you
have what data do you have You can't
just magically do something different.
And when you actually compare these
companies, you will see that outside
Whimo, the other guys, they're like at
1% of Tesla or something from an
infrastructure stack. Like what is the
percent of compute they have of Tesla?
What is the percent of time they
invested? What is the percent of data
they have? And if you multiply all that
stuff, it's always less than 1%. So
you're you're basically saying, well,
maybe they beat Tesla. How? like they
have 0.5% and Tesla has 100% of stuff of
infrastructure, right? So that's why
both people don't understand how how
completely far away they are from being
any kind of competitor and even Whimo on
these metrics is completely ridiculous.
Like what is the number of miles? What
is the amount of compute? Like people
forget that Tesla is a compute
juggernaut.
way more way more big than Whimo and
because Whimo is doesn't equate to all
of Google's compute. That's ridiculous.
They're not they don't have access to
Google's compute, right? They have their
own little compute thing. And so in the
end, people I think it's very important
to recognize this is not magic. It's
technology. And technology needs stuff,
infrastructure. It needs data. It needs
compute. It needs time. It needs talent.
And if you compare them on a table,
they're at 1% or less of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; So they need to be a 100 times smarter
than Elon to even be even. So you
decide.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the software is one thing and then
the rest is a lot more. All right, we've
got uh news from Gigab Berlin. So first
of all, they announced that they have 75
750,000 cars have already been built at
Giga Berlin. I'll play the video that
they did. Andre the who is the plant
manager said getting closer to the first
million cars produced in Giga Berlin.
We're ramping production shortly to get
us there as quickly as humanly possible.
Uh they announced that they're going to
scale production 20%. They're going to
grow uh production there. So they're
going to hire people. Plus they
announced that they they're investing
$250 million
to expand the 4680 battery cell
production at Giga Berlin. It's going to
more than double the existing capacity
target.
uh 18 gawatt hours. The annual
production capacity target would be more
than twice the 8 gawatt figure Tesla had
previously set for the site. And then
they're expected to employ upwards of
1,500 workers. So they announced this
and uh yeah it's uh this is you know
this is the thing right we talked about
Giga Berlin is going to grow the the the
auto u sales have rebounded even in
Germany rebounded. FSD is being approved
country by country and maybe even 27
countries if they approve it in June or
September in the EU EU members but even
if they don't country by country FSD
comes and that becomes a demand driver
they're going to increase the volume
sales by 20% and then they're also going
to start building more 4680 batteries.
Well, that's what's happening.
&gt;&gt; And also, don't forget that Europe is
&gt;&gt; Go ahead. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That that Europe is absolutely like
prone to having a battery revolution in
terms of utility scale batteries. I
mean, this whole Russia situation, Iran
situation, renewables, like they need a
lot of battery packs, also utility
scale. And I think that's part of the
reason why Tesla is scaling. It's not
just rebounding auto sales because the
scaling is pretty aggressive here. Um,
and I think batteries are just super hot
in Europe. Gotcha. So, let's watch this.
&gt;&gt; Worldwide, all build right here. But
what does it actually take to get there?
&gt;&gt; We are the casting pirates. We melted
down 95,000 tons of aluminum to make a
rear underbody for every single car.
Right behind me, you can see our
stamping shop and to die, where we
maintain 75 dice. Since we started, we
produced over 10 million parts and
consumed 130,000 tons of steel and
aluminium.
750,000 cars built in Berlin. For us in
Body Shop, that means 800 robots made
over 2 billion wells.
The most advanced paint job in the
world. Up to seven layers over hundreds
of robots applying the paint and checked
by humans. Every drop of water recycled.
Over 750,000 cars built in Giga Berlin.
That requires over 1 million drive units
&gt;&gt; and our own cells. Let's just say that
we are building a lot more than drive
units too.
We are material handling and we deliver
more than 10 million pellets, close to 1
billion parts since we started
production of the best car in the world.
This is the final check.
Then it drives itself out already
150,000 kilometers on FSD right here on
site.
I mean this is a story by the way that's
underrated. Everyone of course now sees
Tesla as a non-car company or it's it's
Optimus, it's FSD, it's autonomy. But we
shouldn't forget they have a core
business and that core business was
under stress because the entire industry
was undergoing a lot of stress and now
the industry is still going through
stress but Tesla is going to I said this
in 2025 early 2025 that Tesla will be an
enormous winner in just core auto in
2027. I that's I predicted in 2027 the
chickens come home to roost and there
will be bankruptcies all over the place.
Like these companies cannot sustain.
They they cannot survive. It's they're
in freef fall. Look at the Germans. Look
at even the Japanese. Look at the
Chinese how they kill each other. Look
at the Americans. Look at Tesla. Tesla.
Toyota is the only company that also
makes a lot of money.
But Tesla makes by far the the most
money, highest margins, highest sales.
At some point, the chickens come home to
roost. We have to understand. It's like
in these computer games, like these
civilization games when you have your
little tribe and have to fight the other
guys. It's not just how well you do and
how much you suffer. The question is the
relative suffering ratio. If you have a
war, right, against the other tribe, if
you kill more of the tribe, if you
destroy more of the infrastructure, you
still win even though you're going down.
And we have to understand the car
market. Tesla might have been under
pressure over the last year. But look at
the other guys. They will implode left
and right. And that's of course very
good for Tesla. If you're the last man
standing already at high margins, what
do you think is going to happen? Plus
oil, Iran, this whole stuff, Russia. No
one wants an ice car anymore, especially
not in Europe or in Asia. Like people
say, "Get me out of here. I want an EV."
And in in Europe, there's also something
happening. Everyone just buys EVs. Like
there's now really an inflection point
where all the Scandinavians, but also
other countries, they just go full EV.
And that is of course good for Tesla. I
mean, they're the market leader. Of
course, they're going to sell the most.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We just saw some statistics in
China where now 40 plus% of all cars are
battery electric vehicles. I think if
you consider the PE PHEVs the hybrids as
well is well over 50 plus it's only
growing despite the crashes of a lot of
car companies you said there Europe it's
rebounding and then now we just want to
watch the US but any increase in EV
adoption US because of gas prices Tesla
is going to be there because the others
have pulled back. They've all pulled
back. So, that's a good thesis. I think
uh auto is rebounded. Perfect timing.
Thank you so much. Appreciate you, Joe.
Follow him on his uh website,
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.