Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Dell Trade Review!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH7yItRc7fQ
Published:   2026-09-02 15:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-02 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, this is going to be a quick trade uh
review that I did yesterday. This is a
well, I closed out today, but I placed
it yesterday. This is a Dell earnings
trade. So, I just want to show you guys
what I did here. So, this is obviously
the Investigates a great journal, the IG
Journal. Shout out to Daniel. And you
can see right now we're in September.
I've done two trades. One of them was a
earnings trade on Dell. So, I want to
take you through that. So right now if I
come to to the calendar here, you can
see two trades that close out today. If
I come here, I can quickly come over
here and I can go ahead and select this
Dell here. You can see that there's a
play button. And so I'm going to go
ahead and click on that play button. And
that's going to take me into the AG
trade replay. And so this will be
interesting. I'm going to uncheck the
auto advance here so we can talk through
this. I'm going to go ahead and hit play
here. And so here the trade is going to
slowly build out and we'll see when I
entered the trade. So up here you can by
the way see September 1st at 10:43 a.m.
and I closed out the trade on September
2nd 9:43 a.m. The trade entered when
Dell was at $441.
I sold five puts. Sold five puts uh on
for October 16th expiration on this
trade. I went ahead and collected 5,75
in premium. I collected that. That
doesn't mean I made that. It's what I
collected and what was deposited into my
my brokerage account. So, the money is
sitting there. Again, if I were to just
close this trade out right away, I
didn't make any money, right? Because it
would cost me $5,000 to buy it back. So,
right now, I haven't made any money.
Now, with these trades, what I'm really
looking for is to see the volatility
crush to happen after earnings. Now, if
the stock comes down towards me, then
that doesn't work well for me because I
sold puts. If the stock goes up, that
just helps me. So, when I do these, you
want to have a bit of an opinion on what
you think is going to happen. So, let's
see what happened. So, here it goes. You
can see this building. Now, the red line
down here, you can see that's my short
put. This is where that was located. And
you can see that then the stock uh
market or when the stock market opened
today, obviously, Dell crushed the
earnings, it jumped up by 10%. So, I
went ahead and closed the trade when the
stock was at $471.
And so, if we continue here, you can see
that we closed it for a profit. So,
opening trade credit was $5,75.
That's what I had received. But, like I
said, I don't make money until I close
it. And so, whenever the stock went up,
we saw that it lost a lot of value
really quickly. So, I closed it by
buying it back. back and I bought it
back for 2,200 with which left me with a
net P&amp;L of $2,875
or 57% return. So, this is a a little
earnings trade I played or I placed. And
I like to do these from time to time. I
don't do them that often. When I do
these, I always place the trade the day
of earnings before it happens. I try to
wait kind of to the I don't want to say
last minute, but you know, ideally at
the end of the day. Obviously, I didn't
do it here. I did I placed this at 10:43
a.m. And by the time the stock market
closed, I was actually down 30% on the
trade. You know, you could see that
right here, everything was coming down.
So, I was actually down um I was down
about 30 30% on the trade. And then when
earnings came out, stock jumped 10%. And
so, again, why did I sell the put side?
Well, I had an opinion. My opinion was
that all these AI names have done really
well. And after earnings, not only do
they guide well, but they show great
earnings. And it just seemed pretty
obvious to me that Dell was going to
have a decent earnings and a good pop.
Now, I got out right away at 9:43 a.m.
because I don't like to linger in these.
This was an earnings trade. Earnings
over. I got the profit. I'm not trying
to be hero. I'm not trying to make 100%
of the profit. What I wanted to happen
happened. It played out. I close out
quickly. Now, right now, as we speak, I
believe uh Dell's actually coming came
back down. Yeah. So, Dell's down to 443.
So, once again, proving why you should
close these out pretty quickly. You see
green, take green. All right. So, we'll
leave it there. Hopefully, you guys
enjoyed this. Uh the journal, if you
guys aren't part of it, you you really
should be. It's an amazing tool. Helps
you track your trades. All kinds of
things you can do in here. Uh like I
said, you can see the calendar. You can
click down to your trades. You can see
your P&amp;L where things are at. You can
see your trades here. I can even come
here, click uh the little little hat
there, place information about my trade,
different notes I have, and I can track
all kinds of things. This journal is
extremely powerful. We even have a watch
list here where you can see my watch
list, what I have going on, all the
different trades. We've got the BX
trender on here. We've got IVR. If you
don't have access to IVR, it's a great
tool. Got earnings date so you can see
everything quickly, pick your trades
fast, and understand what you're looking
at. You can also click on for example
Apple here. You get some great market
awareness information. You can see here
that Apple has a September 9th event. We
can see that the CEO recently changed
out. So all the up upcoming events are
all here. So it's just a quick way to
look at the BX trender, look at IVR,
look at earnings, and get some good
market awareness in a very quick concise
way. So hope this helped. Hope you
enjoyed it. And I'll see you guys in the
next one.