Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Why Tesla's Robotaxi Lead Will Last
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3Fby9GvTMg
Published:   2026-09-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm glad that Tesla took the time that
they did to design Cybercab the way that
they did and the innovations that
they've made because they have
effectively reduced those bars above the
yellow ones forevermore. So, let's let's
get into some of the nitty-gritty of the
economics here. Um this comes from my
model. There's a whole bunch of
assumptions. I'm not going to go over
all the assumptions. We've talked about
it before in previous episodes, but this
is an example, for example, for a
300,000 mile vehicle life, what the cost
per mile might be
uh for a I think I have a $30,000
vehicle. Uh it ranges from call it 55
cents a mile down to 45 46 cents a mile,
depending on the utilization. You can
see the utilization doesn't matter too
much because most of these cost per mile
are utilization driven, right? You you
put more miles on the car,
you're going to have a more tire wear
and more charging and all that stuff.
So,
you get some benefit from higher
utilization, but maybe not quite as much
as you might think, okay? So, let's
break that down and look at the
components of each of these. So, in this
scenario, the 300,000 mile vehicle
lifetime, the biggest cost, the biggest
component at about 9 plus cents per
mile, is the cost of the vehicle itself.
And if you want to add financing cost on
that, if you want to consider that also
to be a cost of Tesla finances it, you
then you're looking well over 10 cents
per mile, okay? So, building the car in
the factory is one thing. And if you can
reduce the cost in the factory, you can
get these two left side columns down as
low as possible, okay?
But then you've got all the stuff on the
right. And so, that's why spending more
in the factory and having these columns
on the left maybe be a little higher, if
that allows you to reduce the columns on
the right, that can be a very rational
economic decision, okay? Charging.
Automated charging, obviously that's
going to reduce the cost. That's a big
one, okay? And also, does Tesla itself
as a company energy provider
supercharging network having the best
infrastructure is going to allow them to
charge
hopefully the lowest possible rates.
Okay, so charging cost for them might
be, you know, between 2 and 3 cents a
mile. Cleaning. You want a car that's
easy to clean?
You want materials in the car that's
easy to clean?
Or easy to replace if they get
too dirty? And you want automate
cleaning. Well, we've seen Tesla show a
year or so ago a a robot cleaner that we
understand that that they're working on
still.
Okay? Parking. This one's interesting.
Okay? Not only can Tesla, given the size
of their company, negotiate great
parking rates potentially if they need
to,
but if they get the cost of operating
the vehicle so cheaply and they're
operating in a city, let's say, where
parking is super expensive, they may not
even need to park that much. It may be
cheaper just to run the vehicles.
Just keep it running. Keep it going.
That one's kind of interesting. All
right. Insurance. Well, FSD is is the
control there. And also the cost to
repair the car is a big one. If if the
car does get dinged and there's an
insurance claim, let's say it's super
cheap to repair it, then that should
help keep your insurance cost down over
a period of time. But also FSD from a
you know, collision standpoint,
if it's the if it's the best driver in
the world, it's not going to get in as
many accidents. So, there's a lot that
Tesla can do over time to get the
insurance cost down. I've got a sliver
of marketing cost in here just to kind
of fully load the model. We can ignore
that. That's not something that's
related to the
the construction of the car. The
liability reserve, this is relates to
how good FSD is. So, reserve for
liabilities, accidents will happen at
scale. Something will happen where
Tesla's liable, they have to reserve
money for that. The other operating
cost, this is kind of the catch-all
bucket of, you know, who knows what
other expenses are going to come up. Um
you know, when an employee actually has
to go out and pick up a Cybertruck
because it's not functioning properly,
all those kinds of things.
There's a bucket for that. And of
course, the factory has a role to play
here. The better they can make a car and
the more efficient it is, and
self-closing doors and all that stuff,
that's going to reduce that that that
that bar there. Tires and maintenance,
same thing, Herbert. We just talked
about that. The the shape of the car,
the wheel sizes,
and all that. Uh if you can reduce wear
and tear on the tires, I also understand
that these tires have been
custom-designed for Cybertruck so that
they last a long time. You don't need
tires that can handle rapid acceleration
because that's not what these tires are
going to be used for, so on. And then
and high grip in corners and that kind
of stuff. You just it's a different kind
of tire. And the last one that's kind of
out of their hands is the EV taxes and
so on. Uh that's kind of in government's
hands. There's not a whole lot they can
do there. But you can see how decisions
in the factory impact all these other
costs, which in the model, you know, are
the are the significant ones when you
add them up. Okay?
&gt;&gt; So, first of all, this is the first time
I've seen this. Uh thank you for doing
this. This is a killer slide. This is
the slide. What I want to see is uh
Tesla Cybertruck, and imagine And
imagine now Waymo,
Zoox,
Chinese. I want to see the comparison.
Because if they did not optimize for the
Cybertruck, which they haven't yet, all
of these, by the way,
this is a great I mean, my first glance
would be vehicle cost is huge. 10 cents
a mile.
&gt;&gt; cents a mile.
&gt;&gt; 10 cents a mile. Um but but look at if
you add up these things, it's way more
it's a lot more than just that. If you
add them all up or stack them all up,
it's a lot more. Meaning to say that
that's your point, isn't it? Vehicle
cost is important, but that's all, you
know, us. We just look at oh, that cost
of the vehicle is 30,000 versus a
Waymo's at 120,000. That that's one
angle. If you add up the rest, which is
more than that, well, how much does
Waymo's cost for insurance?
Because if they get into an accident,
cuz their their version is not as good
as FSD, plus
the cost of repair
is huge. It's not as safe, by the way.
The Cybertruck is designed to be fully
safest car in the on Earth. Everything
adds up to me much more. They don't do
automated charging, they don't do
automated cleaning. It's much harder.
And look how huge that is. That's just
the cleaning part. And so, I hope I I if
you're even anywhere close accurate,
this is interesting cuz if this is what
it costs for Tesla's every cab, which is
optimized for cleaning,
well, what would it cost for Waymo?
Which means that a Waymo can never
really go uh it's unlikely they'll go
from, you know, Tesla will be able to
offer a dollar a dollar a mile.
Waymo can maybe uh at best offer $2 a
mile optimized everything.
Because they haven't optimized for this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, if you're if you have a choice
between $2 a mile versus a dollar a mile
versus a Uber at $4 a mile,
yeah, you you know who you're going to
choose. People are going to choose the
one that's a lot cheaper. Simple as
that.
&gt;&gt; Most definitely.
&gt;&gt; So,
uh it's it's it's like, you know, people
think that Uber will succeed because
they have all these options cuz if it's
it's going to be a
commoditized.
That That's just one piece.
And And what you've shown here is, you
know, 20 other things that
they haven't optimized for and therefore
they cannot offer. Doesn't matter that
you have 20 other AV choices.
A consumer comes in, opens up Uber, has
20 choices. They're going to pick Tesla
because it's a dollar a mile and these
guys are going to be $3, $4, whatever
because they've not optimized for the
That's the part that I'm shocked me is
that this is a lot more
than just this. And then, the liability
reserve was something very interesting
cuz you put it kind of low here for
Tesla. But the the point being that
people are going, I cannot see the
robotaxi will succeed. Why? Well,
because if there's an accident, who's
liable? The company, Tesla or Waymo or
Zoox or these Chinese company. You're
liable now. And you can't be liable for
that. Right now, I I'm liable for myself
cuz I've got my own insurance.
And so this is a lot less than I was
expecting because we know FSD so good.
But imagine if you're in the other cars,
it's going to be a lot more.
&gt;&gt; So you're making a very important point
that I just want to emphasize. Even if
every other
autonomous vehicle provider caught up to
Tesla's FSD and they had a system that
was as good, then what would matter more
is the bar on the left side the vehicle
cost and of course the reliability and
durability of that vehicle. We We know
Tesla has an advantage there. Today they
also have a massive advantage on the FSD
side.
But yeah, the nature of Tesla's
advantage is not just the fact that
their vehicle drives better than
somebody else's.
And maybe that's a durable advantage.
We'll We'll We'll see about that. But
maybe the more durable advantage that
Tesla has is their ability to
manufacture their vehicle at low cost
and make it extremely durable so that
these other variable costs on this right
side are lower lower as well.
&gt;&gt; I'm shocked that if you add all this up
it's much more than $30,000 per car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I mean I'm I'm curious, Herbert, how
many times a Waymo has a door that's not
quite closed properly and what they do
when that happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, take it off and then guess
what? It has to go to the It has to go
to Arizona
Tempe, Arizona where the
that that What is that company called
that does all their upfitting? They need
to fix it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So this
So if you look at this next slide, uh
this is putting these bars on top of
each other at various utilization rates.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So it's the same as the blue one we
looked at previously, but it's it's got
all the slices and you can see there
then that the vehicle cost again just to
reiterate this point the yellow and the
white part, the cost and the financing
cost
is you know 10-ish cents per mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All that other stuff that sits on top is
important, too.
And what they do in the factory
influences almost all of those other
bars. This I'm glad that Tesla took the
time that they did to design Cybertruck
the way that they did and the
innovations that they've made because
they have effectively reduced those bars
above the yellow ones forevermore.
&gt;&gt; Think about it. We already had the Model
Y's. We have the Model 3's. Those all
self drive and in fact, you can do a
robot taxi right right now in four
cities and hail Model Y's.
They're just fine. They work really
well. They're better than a Waymo
because you don't need to add all the
lidars and all that.
Why bother doing a cyber cab? Why? You
could have just gone
Model Y's. Go for it. You already have
the factories. You're already making
millions of them.
They're already the best selling car in
the world. Just go produce Model Y's.
No, no, they spent the time to build a
compact car.
Yeah, because they their goal isn't just
to have a robot taxi that is like, you
know, dollar, two dollars. They want to
get to 25 cents. Now, that part I don't
I
don't know if they'll ever get to 25
cents, but they keep claiming that one
day they can get to let's say 50 cents a
mile. Because once you're under 77 cents
a mile, that is the cost of owning a
car. If you can get below that, you have
changed transportation forever. People
will no longer want to buy a car. You
know, maybe they still will, but the
amount of need for that is much lower.