Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon Musk's Next Move Is Sending Wall Street Into Panic
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y52Q9VynQn0
Published:   2026-06-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-07 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Space is big, but if you follow
financial news, the only thing bigger
than Space is Space X, AI X. Okay, they
may have dropped the last X. Uh, but I
don't care. It still works for me. It's
a funnier joke my way. And who knows,
maybe SpaceX is really Space 10 or Space
Shia. We'll find out. Uh, answers to
these and many more questions. What
we've got is a whole bunch of the sky
falling in today's show. Uh from
unexpected winners and losers to deep
deep concerns for your 401k from what I
can only assume are the brightest minds
on Wall Street telling lies or some very
honest but dumb people. Uh when I want
smart people who are going to tell me
the truth, I sometimes think of Randy
Kirk. Fortunately, I managed to track
him down from his undisclosed location
somewhere in the Pacific. We're going to
get some information on SpaceX about how
it pertains to the market and whether or
not these stories are just a load of
hoie. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
When you were talking there, Brian,
about uh Space X and X and AIX and
everything else, it came to my mind that
all of the X's are in Texas.
&gt;&gt; Wow. All of Elon's exes live in Texas.
&gt;&gt; And all the X's are
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's why he lives in Tennessee.
Yeah, that's pretty interesting. Not
sure that that's what the country song
was meant for, but I'm not going to rule
it out. So, uh, Randy, I don't know if
you know who the real winner of SpaceX's
IPO is. Who do you think it is? And
guess, give me just the wrongest,
dumbest answer you.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you want dumb answers. You want
non-answers. You want the the people,
the biggest winners.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The biggest individual winner.
&gt;&gt; The US government.
&gt;&gt; That would that would actually make
sense. No, it's Mark Zuckerberg.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What are you talking about? Yeah. The
real winner. Wall Street spent the last
six months questioning Mark Zuckerberg's
aggressive AI capital spend with Meta
raising its 2026 capex guidance to 145
abubbaba billion dollars after a Q1 in
which revenue grew 33% on the year and a
quieter filing from SpaceX. What? I
thought the SpaceX was the noisy one
just laid out a playbook that Zuckerberg
should be studying tonight. Okay. In its
recently disclosed S1, SpaceX revealed
that in May it signed a cloud service
agreement with Anthropic 1.25 billion a
month with capacity ramping in May and
June at a re and uh in a period of
reduced fee. Either party can cancel
this with 90 days notice after the first
6 months.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, and neither party is likely
to cancel it in that time be and we can
see because anthropics need for compute
is not going to be satisfied by their
own internal capacity. No one else has
the capacity to handle that much of it
and uh I don't see uh the data centers
that SpaceX is standing up having a need
for all that compute today. So
&gt;&gt; this is es this is especially true after
the announcement last week that Tesla
now I mean that SpaceX has now developed
a system for for doing new models 10
times faster than they could do a model
just a few months ago. And so I'm
guessing that that capability was what
allowed them to go out and offer the
space to uh to Anthropic.
If you've got the ability to build it,
you should build it because if you don't
need it, someone does. And I've never
heard someone say, "Man, I sure
overbuilt my computer." With with very
few exceptions. I've seen people say
that they didn't understand their
objectives when they built it, and they
would have done it differently.
&gt;&gt; We've been through this cycle with
Amazon uh web services. Uh but uh Meta
has every ingredient except the
decision. Uh, I think there's another
ingredient missing because if you're
spending that much money and you are not
the undisputed leader, you're missing
the talent. You're missing the
leadership. Uh, Meta spends more than
anyone it looks like and doesn't have
the best product. So, that's kind of
that's kind of amazing. But then if you
look at how much money, so the gist of
this article is Mark Zuckerberg's the
real winner because all he has to do is
read what SpaceX is already doing.
Yeah, that's true. He can follow the
lead as Anthropic who's already
announced their S1 beating beating um
OpenAI to the punch. So Anthropic, I
guess, will be the second mega IPO and
Anthrop and Open AAI will be the third.
Um, so maybe if he'd been really smart,
he would have been first or second
because this is going to suck up a lot
of the energy in the room before we get
to the open a open AI IPO. That's a lot
of letters in a row.
So, uh, congratulations to Mr.
Zuckerberg. I'm sure this is, uh, great
news for you and somehow bad news, uh,
for SpaceX. Uh hey uh but speaking of uh
good news for SpaceX, could SpaceX IPO
be bad news for Tesla investors? For
years, Tesla dominated the growth
narrative, but SpaceX may soon compete
for investor attention, capital, and
excitement. I don't know about
excitement. I think the excitement
sphere is completely different. I think
people who love fast cars are also
capable of loving fast rockets without
the two necessarily detracting from one
another. Um, but would this cause people
to dump their Tesla shares to buy SpaceX
shares? Well, I'm glad you asked because
even though this is Monday when we're
recording this, I did ask RockRock and I
had a very long conversation about that
this morning because why? Oh, because
Tesla went down 5% on Monday. And so I
was talking to Grock about reasons. And
one of the reasons, of course, would be
people beginning to shuffle,
taking a little bit off the top of their
Tesla shares and putting it in cash. And
I said, "Hey, Grock, would that be
happening this early?" And Grock says,
"Oh yes." We also noticed Amazon and
Meta were down similar amounts on
Monday. Other stocks were down uh on
Monday. So, uh, including, oh, and one
that I've been talking about for a while
now, the the the cryptocurrencies were
down pretty substantially the last three
days. All of those could be people
grabbing some money off the top and
putting it into their accounts so that
they can be so that their accounts will
be their their Robin Hood or their their
Erade or their Morgan Stanley whatever
will be clear that the cash is sitting
there for the optionality that they're
going to be asking for to get SpaceX
shares. So that's what Grock told me
this morning. This is what I've been
saying for a while, but I have a neutral
stance on the overall impact because I
believe we could see Tesla start to move
up toward the end because why? Oh,
because on IPO day, some people will be
unlocked. They'll that are that own
insiders or employees or whatever at
SpaceX will be unlocked on the day of
the IPO. And some of those people might
say, "Oh, I want to take a little bit
off of my SpaceX.
I'll put that in the other Elon Musk
company, uh, Tesla." So, could could
work both ways. So, I'm neutral right
now at the end at the end of, uh, let's
call it on June 15th, whatever that
Monday is.
&gt;&gt; So, let's take a look at this because
this is uh part of it as well. Why the
IPO could still help Tesla. Guys, you
just made a whole case for why it's
gonna Okay, fine. At the same time, the
IPO could strengthen the long-term
narrative in a different way thanks to
how Elon Musk structures his companies.
Though independent, Musk companies
increasingly operate like parts of a
larger tech ecosystem. For instance,
they've invested into XAI. Uh SpaceX has
also collaborated on a bunch of things.
And as these deepen, investors may begin
viewing Mus businesses less as separate
companies and more as interconnected
pieces of a broader AI and tech
strategy. There is a lot of AI in Tesla.
And there is a lot of uh you know what
is a car if not a large robot with
wheels. And uh yeah, there's I can see
how the things uh go in hand in hand.
So, if if if I thought these were
supposed to be goofy articles, they
actually made a great point. And of
course, the number one headline right
now, because I read thousands of
headlines a day, the number one headline
right now is Tesla, SpaceX merger.
Nothing beats it. Not the IPO, none of
the other stories around Tesla and uh
and SpaceX right now. the number every
day, day after day after day for the
last week or so. Merger, merger, merger,
merger. So the the the drum beat on that
is huge. Um and yes, that could
according to Larry Goldberg, he believes
that we could be looking at 550 by the
end of June on Tesla because of
&gt;&gt; people wanting the optionality trying to
get into the Tesla stock so they get
more uh exposure to the SpaceX merger.
&gt;&gt; I think all of that is possible. I uh my
crystal ball is sadly in the shop at the
moment. Uh I tried to update it over the
air but uh it didn't did not work for
me. Uh this is great. Did you know that
financial experts sound alarm over Elon
Musk coup that's about to rob your 401k
and when SpaceX goes public? And we can
all agree it's way overpriced even
though we don't know what the price is.
We can all agree that this company has
no future. Even though we can see the
future, some futures we can see, what's
going to happen is they're going to be
fasttracked for inclusion into the S&amp;P,
into index funds, uh, into a number of
things. And if your retirement Randy is
in an index fund or a S&amp;P fund or you
know a a tech 10 or or you know MAG 15
kind of fund, you're going to be forced
into it and he's going to steal your
retirement.
Well, okay. This this is this is what
happens anytime a company joins the S&amp;P,
the NASDAQ or the Russell is that the
index funds that are basing what they do
on the full S&amp;P index have to now
include that stock. I read the other
day, I believe the number is that Tesla
will probably end up Tesla SpaceX will
probably end up representing about 4% of
the S&amp;P when it goes public. Could be a
little more, could be a little less. And
the truth is that the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P
and the Russell will all have to uh you
know the people that are in those uh
that are uh uh indexing off of those
index indices will indeed have to buy uh
SpaceX in order to be representative.
And yes, uh that will potentially dilute
other companies that they're holding.
They're gonna have to sell some stuff in
order to do that unless they have a lot
of cash on the sidelines, which is
probably not the case. Um, and so if if
you don't think that SpaceX is going to
do as amazingly as the people that are
bidding on SpaceX when all this happens,
then you could say, "Yeah, my mix now on
my S&amp;P index fund isn't as great as I
thought it was yesterday." But we're
talking about 4%.
&gt;&gt; We're talking about 500 stocks. I'm I
It's crazy. So yeah, this uh this isn't
a an expert we're quoting. This is
content creator Zack Nelson says, "The
richest guy on the planet's about to rob
your 401k." And Randy, if I told you
that uh the one of the largest trading
houses on Wall Street said that uh this
IPO defies financial logic, you would
pay attention. But that's not what this
says. This is a in a move that one of
the United States largest unions says it
defies financial logic.
&gt;&gt; Come on. The Oh. Oh. Oh, sorry. It's a I
appreciate unions for the good work
they've done for American workers over
time historically, but I do not listen
to the union when it comes to stocks
because I'm not insane. These are um
companies that uh unions are
organizations that routinely advocate
for their members to not hold stock in
the company, to not have a vested
interest in the company's long-term
future, only their paycheck. So, I don't
take financial advice and I don't take
labor. I don't take work tips uh from
Wall Street. You know, I it's it would
be insane for me to do that. So these
are really crazy. Listen, I'm I'm big
the index is the index guy, but they are
openly looting the coffers
said
an influencer Ian Mc Well, I guess maybe
that's Ian McMillan, a portfolio manager
and market technician at Client First
was more blunt. Okay, he could he could
he could be honest and take the opposite
tack
&gt;&gt; and say, "However, if the uh All-In
podcast guys and the uh Moonshot podcast
guys and Bill Gurley and others that are
really well respected in terms of this
kind of stuff think that uh SpaceX is
going to 100 trillion valuation, then
instead of looting these these funds, uh
they would Elon Musk would be creating
massive wealth for these funds.
&gt;&gt; It's so ridic this is 100% fraud, he
says, opening himself up to liability.
Uh yeah, he used his power to change the
rules so he could dump his garbage
company, which is cartoonishly
overvalued, unprofitable, and
incinerating cash on retail investors
using trillions in retirement funds as
exit liquidity. All in order to become
the first trillionaire. So that is pants
on head ridiculous. Uh
Tesla was unprofitable until it wasn't.
Uh SpaceX could become profitable today
if they just said, you know what, no
more no more expansion of Starlink. In
fact,
&gt;&gt; I will go I will I'll go you one better.
They will be profitable this year
because of the anthropic and the cursor
deals. So, we're now looking at we're
now looking at 40 billion in revenue.
Instead of 19.7 projected, we're looking
at 40 billion in revenue and we're
looking at solid profits for 2026.
&gt;&gt; I was just thinking of the space
division, but you're right. I was not
considering that on the space side. They
are already a money printing machine,
though they're still losing money
because uh at the bottom line because
they're still expanding. They're still
building new stuff with their own money.
Uh spending billions to create something
that will reduce the costs of payload to
orbit by a good 10x. Uh it is going to
pay off dividends in the long run. If
this company was today taken over by an
MBA who said, I'm going to max I'm going
to squeeze the juice out of this. They
would uh reduce Starlink launches to
only replacement. they would cancel uh
Starship and just stick with Falcons 9
and heavy and uh the future would be
less exciting, but over the short term
it'd be massively profitable until
others until New Glenn is operational,
which would then eat SpaceX's launch uh
lunch and and and then you'd have um
Russia just began installing their low
Earth orbit constellation. Uh, Amazon's
LEO is starting to be deployed. It's a
competitive space. Having the cheapest
launches makes a big difference. Having
even cheaper launches will make an even
bigger difference. So, I am putting no
weight whatsoever into that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we're we're on we're on the
same page with regard to that this
company. Well, again, I think maybe it
doesn't need to be said again here. I'm
sure you've talked about it a ton. Uh
SpaceX,
not only are we projecting right now$40
billion dollars in sales this year,
Brian Wong is predict predict predicting
80 plus billion next year. And that's
just unknowables. I'm I'm a little more
conservative than him looking at 65
billion in sales next year. Um and then
probably doubling again the next year to
130 130 billion. So no, the anybody
that's honestly and actually going in
and looking at the current rate of
subscription growth, looking at
something called pay payments on X,
looking at something called data centers
in space, which might start a lot sooner
than anybody thinks because they might
use Nvidia chips or AI5 chips in the
beginning as a test. Anyway, so many
things going on that could make this
company billions, trillions, actually
trillions. It could be the first company
to hit trillions.
&gt;&gt; I think the path is narrow, but it
exists. A lot of companies have these
lofty ambitions, but if you look at the
road map, you'll notice that they're
pretending the bridge ahead is not out.
They are hoping that by the time they
reach it, someone will have built it.
And that is a degree of hope I'm
unwilling to engage in. Last story, and
this one's real fun because it is
paywalled. Uh SpaceX Union would mark
the largest merger of all uh of all
time. But does the math work? So, I'm
going to go ahead and click this into
reading mode. Elon may be uh about to
use soaring valuation as a lifeline for
Tesla and in doing so create a combined
giant that potentially loses money.
Okay. A new fortune analysis by my
colleague Shawn lays out the math behind
a reported potential SpaceX Tesla
merger. The combined entity would carry
a 3.4 trillion valuation with SpaceX at
an anticipated 1.75 against Tesla's
1.65.
This would make it nearly three times
the size of the largest merger ever
completed. Okay. Capitalizing on this
incredible buzz surrounding the pending
SpaceX IPO uh is a as a strategy for
rescuing stricken Tesla makes perfect
sense.
Is
does I mean first of all does Tesla need
to be rescued?
&gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Well okay
&gt;&gt; I know I know
&gt;&gt; so many so many so many ways that we
could we could attack that but once
again we talked about this in your last
show but the the sales of the sales of
the vehicles are up. Let's just talk
about hardware. Sales of the vehicles
are up substantially in the second
quarter. That means margins are going to
be up because you're not going to have
to give them give them away. We've
already seen FSD subscriptions
dramatically increasing. That's just
going to continue. We've got robo taxi
ready to grow that. Now we're talking
about software. Uh now we come back to
hardware. We're probably going to see
double the number of uh of uh mega packs
uh deployed in the second quarter that
we did in the first quarter. That's
going to be a massive increase in
profits as well as in sales. Um and
that's just the hardware and then we can
start talking about all the software
sides of things. So, no, we are uh
looking at very substantial profits in
2026.
Uh and then it just goes crazy in 2027
when we've got Robo Taxi and Optimus.
So, I don't think it's a rescue mission.
No.
&gt;&gt; However, the financial logic is where it
gets uncomfortable, Randy. According to
Telly, for example, SpaceX would issue
new shares equivalent to 94% of its
current count to absorb Tesla, doubling
its share base to 8 billion. But Tesla's
trailing GAP earnings have collapsed
from 15 billion to 3.9 billion today.
And core operating earnings stripped of
regulatory credits and Bitcoin gains are
just 2.3. So you get to subtract line
items of real money just because you
don't like them. and that oh my gosh are
you honestly with a straight face trying
to tell me that earnings from have
genuinely fallen from 15 billion to 4
billion
&gt;&gt; and once again you're taking away the
regulatory credits well then wouldn't
you be putting in the known fact that
the FSD subscriptions are up uh wouldn't
you be putting in the very the the fact
that margins and unit sales would be up
the energy all the things we just talked
about wouldn't Wouldn't you, if you were
being honest, wouldn't you put all those
into your article?
&gt;&gt; No, because I work for Fortune. And by
the way, the audacity to ask me to pay
you to see this junk, you've got to be
outside your brain right now, that is
hilariously bad. And if you're you're
comparing it to other companies, you're
subtracting the regulatory credits from
Tesla, but you're never subtracting the
savings that the other companies paid
instead of paying fines. They're paying
Tesla those regulatory trading credits
because it's cheaper than paying the
fines. Why don't you go ding them? I
know. Because you're dishonest. Because
you're telling lies that are ugly and
ghoullish. You're ignoring the fact that
they're building out new lines of
revenue, new lines of business that will
have massive revenue. What do you I
mean, do you
sleep at night? I mean, like, these
analysts are getting paid high six
figures to be I mean, I I assume these
are the kind of people who have to call,
work, and ask for directions every day.
The These are the kids who would get
their papers handed back face down is
what?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there you go. That's exactly
right, Brian.
&gt;&gt; It's ridiculous. Guys, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
the comments below. And everyone else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots.
Perhaps even in person. I've got a whole
bunch of stuff coming up this summer.
July, I'm going to be at a three-day
info information booth uh at the Long
View, Washington Go Forth Festival. And
then I'm going to be in a play for uh
the rest of July every weekend in Long
View as well. Join me. See you there.