Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Pioneer Alpha BREAKING NEWS & LIVE DISCUSSION
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_aXMvstOzw
Published:   2026-04-24 18:32 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-27 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Are we on YouTube and on Twitter? Let's
see. We have the chat ramping up. Public
chat. Yes,
I know. I can't be late. I'm late. Four
minutes. Well, I can.
I know. YouTube live is not easy. Can
you guys hear me? Everything good? I
need a sound check just to make sure.
Everything is connected.
This is not easy. Like last time it
didn't even save the chat. So you never
know what's going on here. Uh let me see
if we are live
on my own channel.
There's advertisements
loud and clear. All good. Okay, there we
are. That is excellent. Welcome to the
Pioneer Academy on this beautiful
Sunday. I hope you're all doing great
and are ready for a hot session.
So, what is going on this week was
pretty exciting. As you all know, we had
earnings and as always, it was a big
drama. People complained about Elon not
being on top of his game and everything.
And I always tell everyone about these
things. It's not Elon's job to be a
little clown, a little presenter in
these earnings. I have a very different
take on it. I just tweeted about it. I
exed that I love when we have great
earnings blowing things out of the water
being on track and surprising on the
upside on margins automotive margins on
all kinds of things and then have a bad
so-called bad performance in terms of
the call the energy the vibes that is
all stuff that doesn't count. So what
that means is you're getting a discount.
You get all the facts. The facts are
beautiful. The stock should be at four
or five. We saw that after earnings and
what happens? The stock drops. Then
people complain about it. Oh, we need a
new CEO. Elon should get out. He has to
get raining or he should pay more
attention. Why?
Why? If someone shows you a house or a
car and the market looks at the car and
says, "You know what? That car is worth
200,000 bucks." And then because the guy
who sells the car is wearing a dirty
t-shirt, everyone says, "Well, now you
can get it for 150,000."
That's good news. That's not bad news.
People complaining, "Oh, this dude
should learn if he sells a Ferrari, why
doesn't he wear a clean suit?" Like, I
love people who sell Ferraris and have
like no manners and then no one wants to
buy the Ferrari and I can buy it. Not
that I like Ferraris, but you know what
I'm what I mean. That is exactly what's
going on here. and I love it. So, we are
looking pretty good. I don't have the
latest update on Pioneer Alpha's
performance for this week yet. Uh, we
have to still work on this. I didn't
have time. I was very busy because I was
preparing something and I always need to
manually review this. So, you know that
our latest performance is pretty good.
We are here at 106%
up since inception but that's over two
years. Uh Tesla up 61% that's since
January 2024 and but year to date I'm
very proud of that there was pre-
earnings we are probably I don't know
are we looking better or not I think
we're looking better a little bit and
Tesla a little worse. Um so not much
difference but we have 17% alpha over
Tesla this year alone. I think we even
have an alpha over S&amp;P right now.
Yes, 2% over S&amp;P this year. Obviously,
if you take a longer look, we completely
crushed that thing uh since inception.
S&amp;P completely destroyed 57% above SNP
performance over the last two years and
a quarter. So this is all very exciting
and today I wanted to start the session
with an very important announcement.
Um that as you all know as you all know
we launched some amazing financial
solutions here uh and we have a little
surprise. So here's a new website. It's
actually pineala.org. You can go there.
Uh this is not a solicitation to buy any
securities. I'm just showing you what
we're doing here. You can, everyone
draws their own conclusions. Can check
out the website. Uh, but this is what I
was talking about before. You all know
about it. That was last week. And we
launched this thing where you basically
get up to 45% or investors get up to 45%
a year in returns and it's preunded with
a 10% upfront buffer uh by me. And uh
that is what I launched last week. Uh
the underlying portfolio that is linked
is the Pioneer Alpha portfolio. So
basically it's an investment through a
bond into the portfolio
and uh you get up to 45% a year in
returns
and or the investors not you it depends
who the investors are and 10% upfront
funded because I have a certain
confidence we can hit these numbers even
though no one knows this this has
downside and everything. So then we also
have the income 10 that is now upgraded
to income 12 1% monthly paid out every
quarter. So 3% a quarter on the
principal and then up to 100% in
addition to that at maturity in three
years. Right? These were the two we
discussed. These were the two we got a
lot of feedback on. Also a lot of
interest. Very exciting for me to do
this the first time with an
institutionalized vehicle in Luxembourg.
You guys know the story. I did Pine
Alpha. Lots of people asked me. I
thought about it and said if you do
something it needs to be cool. And so we
create this bond system. But here comes
the surprise. you know all about these
two. Here comes a surprise because so
many people also told me, Joe, this is
all fine and good, but I don't want 45%.
Cuz I'm a Tesla bull. I believe Tesla is
going to make way more than 300% or 200%
gain in the next 3 years, which is 45% a
year. I want upside. I want uncapped. I
want total Tesla performance here. And
so I thought about it, talked to the
attorneys and everyone, the
securitization team what we can do and
we decided to give it a try and see if
there's actual interest in that. And
that's what I wanted to just discuss in
the beginning today before we go into
some Tesla details and then into the
Pioneer Academy questions.
So we are actually stress testing this
here. We are ready to pull the trigger
and if we get a million together into
this thing, we're going to launch it
too. This is the performance version of
the whole thing. Let me just quickly
explain this and you guys can chip in.
This is just a discussion session here
where I'm presenting that not a
solicitation. So even if you're not
interested or you're not qualified
investor, if you just want to add your
opinion and voice to this, this is all
very important for Pioneer Lands. This
is the infrastructure on that we will
build the future of AI related
portfolios that generate income for
everyone. So feel free to comment on it
regardless if you're interested in
investing or not. Everyone can chip in
here. So let me explain what this thing
will be. So it takes the Pioneer Alpha
portfolio, the portfolio that
outperformed so far very nicely. Never a
prediction of the future but so far very
nicely as you all know.
And Tesla 50 does the following. It
basically takes the Pioneer Alpha
performance
and the cap of the performance. The
investors get 100% of the performance
all the way up to Tesla's performance.
So Tesla here is the benchmark. So if
Pine Alpha for example goes up 400% in
three years, let's just say, and Tesla
in the same time goes up 300%.
then investors get 300%.
Right? Plus half of the alpha.
So since in this scenario, in this
example, Pine Alpha goes up 400%, Tesla
goes up 300%, investors in that bond get
350%.
Now if Tesla in 3 years if something
terrible happens, Roboaxi gets
cancelled, Optimus gets cancelled, total
disaster, and Tesla goes up only 20%.
and Pioneer Alpha goes up 80% because we
have a nice alpha as you know in the
past. So maybe we can maintain that then
investors get 50%.
Right over these three years so if Tesla
makes up over three years only goes up
20% we go up 80% investors get 20% plus
the differential which is 50%. 20 + 30
and Tesla threeyear so if Tesla goes up
50% pine alpha goes up 20%. So here we
underperform Tesla, right? So I do
something stupid. I underperform Tesla
goes up higher than Pioneer Alpha, then
investors only get 20%. So it's capped
of course at the Pioneer Alpha
performance.
And if I don't know the world ends, if
there if we invade Iran and then Russia
nukes us and Tesla drops 20%. And
Pioneer Alpha drops only 10%. because we
maintain alpha but we can't pull it off.
Then investors get the difference. So
they lose 15%.
Okay, Tesla goes down 20%. So that idea
here is very simple. I like it. Let's
see if people like it. You know, we can
we can engineer things here all based on
pane alpha performance. So if and I
think for you guys it's a good exercise
to just listen to this even if you're
just interested in product design in
financial engineering and product
design. Uh the idea here is very simple.
We have a bond that in most
circumstances as long as Pioneer Alpha
makes more money than Tesla okay will
outperform Tesla. That's kind of the
deal. As long as Pioneer Alpha
outperforms Tesla, the investors in this
bond will get more money than if they
would have put that money only into
Tesla. That was the objective here that
we wanted to achieve based on the
feedback and I think we did it. That's a
very nice design.
So I just want to present that and hear
everyone's opinion. What do you guys
think about that?
Uh past results do not guarantee future
performance. That's absolutely true.
Absolutely nothing is guaranteed here.
It's just my own money in that too. So
you can at least be guaranteed that I'm
trying my best. But of course, we never
know what happens. What are the downside
risks? Is it limited to capital or
beyond that? It's beyond that. It is
linked to the portfolio. We have a risk
mitigation because it's a bond. There
needs to be risk mitigation. So it's not
a fund. And the risk mitigation is if we
drop under 60% of initial principle, we
need to um we need to liquidate. So
there's a liquidation flaw, right? If we
drop more than 40% down, the whole thing
needs to be liquidated. That's important
in a Luxembourg law that you can't just
be a fund, right? This is definitely not
a fund, it's a bond. So there is
downside mitigation. Obviously, that's
not a guarantee that we can only drop
40%. We have to liquidate within one day
and there can be gap down risk but at
least there is some uh thing
looks great flesh bree thank you uh yeah
that's the situation seems fair and
Peters yeah I think it's fair it's just
my way of designing a product that
allows participation
uh in the upside uh of course it all
relies on Pioneer Alpha and me being
able outperform Tesla and as I said of
course it can never be guaranteed but
you can be guaranteed that I'm trying my
best because I will be probably
with high certainty in this initial
series the biggest investor in this in
the underlying portfolio so it will be
mostly my money depending how much we
raise
and downside risk yeah of course there's
no magic I mean these are extremely if
Tesla performs if AGI keeps performing
this these are bonds
If the Pioneer Alpha portfolio keeps
performing the way it it did so far,
which I hope it will, uh obviously the
bond returns here will be much much
higher than regular bonds and that
always comes with more risk. So on the
downside risk, you have not protection
of capital. Uh so that's the deal. So
that is just my little launch here. You
can go to pinealpha.org if you want and
take a look. uh we will have the full
terms uh by tomorrow I think but this
website is already up and looking good
and that's it for now on the product
side uh you can always and all you guys
I just invite you to track this whole
thing regardless of whether you're
interested in this or not as an investor
you should definitely be interested as
humans what we're doing here on Pioneer
Reserve because this infrastructure in
my opinion will be crucial to make a
difference in the age of AGI because if
we can pull this off the way we plan to
pull it off across these three different
bond types
especially the income 12 for those who
are not just Tesla fans but just normal
people who want to turn their capital
into a source of income for Tesla
investors this is not that interesting
because it's capped at 100% in 3 years
plus paying out 3% quarterly but imagine
you're a normal person that is not
linked into the cool crazy thing we're
doing here and Elon is doing and all of
you guys are total experts on because
you're watching my channel and other
channels so you know what's going on.
But a normal person when they hear they
can make 12% a year on their capital and
after 3 years get on top of that 100% on
their principle that is not a normal
deal and it generates income. So
obviously if you have a Tesla bull I am
a Tesla bull you think that's ridiculous
like why would you do that? That's only
100% in three years plus 36%. Why not
just invest all everything in Tesla and
make potentially way more? Well, because
normal people are scared of that. So, if
you're that you can go here and if that
happens, we probably outperform Tesla.
But if you're more conservative and are
not linked into the whole thing, this is
a beautiful product and it's all about
us launching this thing even with tiny
amounts of money in it or not tiny but
not necessarily millions in it.
launching the first series build a track
record here for the pioneer reserve in
Luxembourg
uh it's available globally or in the US
in the UK Switzerland EU and so on and
by doing that we are building a track
record and a track record when when it
comes to bonds and these payouts is
everything because not most people will
not have a total deep dive into the
trajectory of AGI they just want to see
okay did this make money in the past and
if we can establish that it's a very big
deal and especially because these
returns are very high compared to other
bonds but not high compared to Tesla if
we outperform with the underlying
portfolio right what these people are
betting on here then these people will
get their own benefit because we're
building up this buffer right it's
capped but the money doesn't just go to
me or Pioneer Reserve the money goes f
firstly into a buffer so if we then
underperform in the future while this
bond is earning they get fed these
returns into their income. So this is a
very elegant buffer mechanism. So these
people are the greedy ones who believe
in Tesla and just want to outperform
Tesla. These people are the conservative
ones and these people are in the in
between. Uh and these two here they will
have a buffer where every time Tesla
goes up 100% we feed the buffer and if
you have a bad year or bad quarter these
people benefit from the buffer. Of
course they're unrelated. So Tesla plus
50 doesn't pay for these. It's all
contained in different containers. Uh
they they're not leaking into each
other. Uh but here you're buying
basically more safety over here. Whereas
here you're buying upside.
That is the design. I love it. I love
this kind of thing because I believe
finance and capital management in the
age of AGI
will be absolutely crucial to really
build the foundation of a new economy
where capital replaces labor and that
means most people will not be able to
make enough money with labor and so we
really need to do something about it. I
rather do it this way and create our own
infrastructure for pioneer lands than
hoping that some dude in the Trump
administration or the Mertz
administration or the uh what's his name
uh Kier Starma administration or our
friend in Canada uh or Macron whoever we
can we can't even touch France this is
very dangerous with these products
France doesn't like any of this but
normal countries I don't trust any of
these guys to solve the problem So we
are solving it ourselves.
Okay, that is the situation. Now
what else is going on? What do we have
for questions here?
Can you talk a bit more about what else
you are holding in the Pine Alpha bond?
I'm holding right now biggest holding
uh is Tesla.
Um, I'm also pretty strongly leveraged
right now on Tesla because I think we
are in a very good situation. So Tesla
is my main play playing ball. Why Tesla?
Because I have the best understanding of
Tesla compared to the other stocks.
Because the Pine Alpha system is not
just a system where you find great
stocks that are undervalued and buy them
and hold them. It is also a system that
relies on the ability to time the
specific equity not the market the
market a little bit but
uh timing the stock right and
what that means is I understand I think
my timing ability with Tesla is better
than with let's say Robin Hood or Nvidia
Nvidia is my number two position number
three is Micro Strategy because I think
Bitcoin is also in a very good position
And the last position is Robin Hood. And
then I'm building a lot of options
around that. But with the main focus on
Tesla because with Tesla I have the best
confidence that I can predict certain
things. And I think if I have any skill
then it's like the ability to predict
something being right about that and to
know how confident I am. So I I can
predict something when something is
going to happen and I know how confident
I am about that. Am I very confident or
not confident?
So
Dorgganis
okay you claim all the time
retrospectively you can generate alpha
Tesla went 4% up initially after
earnings you claim victory uh diagnus
just go to pioneeralpha.org work. This
is not speculation here. You can just
look at the numbers. We generated
massive alpha and that's a fact. Not
much to debate. Any fees for managing
the fund. So, Falcon, first of all, it's
not a fund. It's a bond. The fee
structure is very simple. 1.5% in
operating expenses per year on
principal. So, it doesn't grow with a
bond. So, it's fixed 4.5% over 3 years
total. And that's it.
And these are not feasible operating
expenses.
Why would you not just hold Tesla? Well,
because if Pioneer Alpha outperforms
Tesla, which it did so far, not a
guarantee, but over the last two years
and o over this year, for example, but
also over the last two years, we
outperformed it. And with this bond,
you're just getting half of the
outperformance over Tesla.
That is the attractive point of that
bond
as stock. If you have a long-term view
on Tesla, yes. How does one buy the
bond? You go to pioneeralpha.org.
You need to be qualified, but that's
just accreditation in in the US. That's
easy.
Uh, and check it out. And there's a
little bubble here. Ask Joe. You can
click on the bubble. If anything's
unclear, you can send me a question.
How much of your personal net worth do
you keep in Tesla?
That's I keep roughly
half.
Is that true? It depends how you count
it. There's like illquid stuff that is
very hard to value. But on the liquid
side, half of my stuff is in Pine Alpha
and roughly because of complicated
reasons because I have some crypto
exposure, not through the broker. So
this is a whole different thing. Um,
and Pine Alpha is hard to tell, but it's
probably 70% pure Tesla plus a lot of
leverage, so it's over 100% Tesla.
The minimum investment for these bonds
is 25,000 but in the EU unfortunately
it's £100,000.
Uh minimum investment for these 25,000
Franks or dollars depending where you
are. Uh but in the EU we have to make it
100,000. We are still looking into the
details but 100,000 gives us much more
protection. Uh because there's some
crazy EU rules.
The more one makes predictions usually
the better they get at it. That's very
deep Austin for. That is a very good
observation. That's what I'm always
You're welcome. I like to be
transparent. We're doing Pioneer Lens.
This is not just a little financial
interaction here. Uh this is something
we want to build long term and trust and
transparency is very important. Uh but
to Austin for's point, this is an
important insight into the nature of
reality engineering and future
prediction. I totally agree. The more
you make predictions, the better you get
at it. But only if you make very clear
predictions. That's why I'm the only one
on YouTube and on X, even though I'm not
doing it for YouTube. I'm doing it for
myself. I'm very clear in my
predictions. Otherwise, you waste your
time, your training time. You want to be
very specific. So you can measure how
correct you were. That's very important.
So when I say I think Tesla goes back to
400 potentially next week
because I think we in a situation if the
world stays a little stable the way it
is right now. It's not stable, but you
know what I mean. If there's not crazy
escalation somewhere,
I think Tesla dropped too much. I think
normally it's a three-day rule that
investors start to digest this,
especially institutional investors. They
will look at the report and then they
come out with their estimations. And
when you take a step back, you see that
this was an excellent earnings report
and everything else is vibes, stupid
vibes. And you see the robo taxi tracker
over the weekend is now at 19
unsupervised. So it goes up one per day
right now.
It goes up like 5% a day. So I'm super
bullish. I'm much more bullish than
anyone else right now because everyone
else is
uh is uh depressed, but I'm totally not
depressed. So, I'm into this. I think
dropping is not the most likely
situation
unless the market implodes. Uh which
always can happen. So, that's why I'm
bullish and I'm making these predictions
very clearly mostly for myself.
It's like first to myself to train my
brain, second for my trades, and only
third for YouTube.
Are you buying calls on meta stock?
No. I, by the way, I never like buying I
I'm absolutely opposed to buying calls
into earnings because you are just
overpaying on premium if I want to play
earnings. But you have to be cautious
about that. But I did it this time and I
did not lose money even though it didn't
go the way I wanted to. I had enough
buffer. I came out nearly break even
maybe with a tiny little gain. I'm I did
short puts at the money. Short puts at
380
and 385 380.
So that worked out actually pretty well.
Hey Joe. Oh Bick Force. I think I see
you on X. Yeah, go to pinealpha.org.
You see everything there. Uh, tomorrow
we will have the term sheets up. By the
way, we're doing one more round on that
one. Go there. You can always direct DM
me directly on the website.
Um, I'm not convinced we're done with a
dip. We must stay above the at least
370.
Let's see. I see this robo taxi
situation. When you look at the cyber
caps coming out, I mean, people just
have to understand we are now in
production. They're they're churning out
like 10 cyber caps a day. What's going
to happen with them? So, something is
going on. I think there is a disconnect.
Is there a restriction on liquidating
after investing? I assume we cannot just
go in and out of the bond. That is
correct, Falcon. This is a three-year
bond.
Um so maturity is in three years
and that means you're locked in uh on
the US side it will be through an LLC in
the United States and there it will be
possible if you want to sell if an
investor wants to sell LLC shares the
LLC is just a feeder that holds the bond
um you can tell the manager which is me
and the manager can then uh try to find
a buyer which should be possible because
we have a certain asset value directly
attached right with full Luxembourg
transparency so it's pretty clear what
the holding is and the value of the
holding so in the US there might be of
course no one can guarantee that but you
you can put in
uh a request for sale of any shares in
the LLC and then the manager tries to
find a buyer but it can't be automated
it can be a trading platform that would
be not legal it needs to be manual
So that's going on there. So you have to
long story short, there might be
liquidity, but it's not guaranteed. So
you in a way you should be committed to
holding this three years.
Have you used TSL as a way to multiply
or leverage returns? No, I'm not a big
friend. I can tell you why. We actually
have t Look at this. If you look at
let's say year to date, do you see that
uh Pine Alpha is up 6.12%. And that is
actually as of April 17th. So not as of
this Friday, but I don't think much
changed. I don't know. I can't guarantee
that. But we not either a little higher
or a little lower than this. Uh so
roughly about here the S&amp;P is up 4%.
Right? Tesla
is down still 10.92%.
Okay. for the year. And now look at
TSLL.
Oops, not ARC.
Boom. There you have it. And I did a
whole video, I think beginning of last
year on TSLL. The problem is it's not as
simple as it looks like. It's not just a
better of two, right? It's not just
leverage two. You are losing money on
this thing. You're losing much more than
you think. So TSL is designed for daily
2x leverage. So it only works intraday.
If you hold it longer than intraday
because it's of for all kinds of
reasons, you can lose a lot of money. So
TSL is a very bad instrument
for any longer period even like a few
weeks. It's not designed for that and
might lose you a lot of money. Look at
this. I mean if you would have well of
course Tesla is down but Tesla's down
only 10% and TSL is down 27%. So this is
more than 2x.
So, I'm not a big fan of TSLL. It you
can use that if of course if you get
into TSLL when on a runup then it's good
as long as it's only runs up. You're
making your leverage. But you why not
use options? I rather use short uh puts
and things like that much much better
deal. More dangerous but much better
deal.
What do you think is the timeline where
we can actually buy a cyber cap? Well,
I'm not I'm not even convinced that this
happens. I think it's completely
speculative that people can buy cyber
caps. Maybe they can. It's a question of
capex strategy by Tesla given the
profitability of these things. I really
doubt I really think there is a clear
scenario where Tesla simply doesn't sell
cyber caps. Why would they? It might
happen, might not happen.
I think I'm I'm I was never into real
estate. I was never into any real like
assets outside liquid stuff. It's always
the best thing. I'd rather have the
shares and let Tesla do their thing.
How much leverage do you use in the
bond?
Um, well, that really depends. I had,
you know, in Q1 there were times where I
was zero leverage and only 70% invested.
I had 30% cash like one week in the
middle of the Iran stuff and that was
actually very good. generate some alpha
being more conservative but I mean
leverage is always hard to actually
calculate because you need to multiply
it with the deltas of all these options
uh but there can be significant leverage
over 100% yes
not long term not for long periods but
in tactical situations
yeah the cyber cap situation we have to
see how it goes but
Uh, I'm not the biggest I'm not that
interested in actually buying cyber
caps. I'm more interested in buying
stocks and let Tesla manage this whole
thing. Even though they look amazing.
So, let's see what the Pioneer Academy
has to offer us today. What the
questions are. As you all know, you know
the drill. You can go here. Let's see.
You can go here to the beautiful Pioneer
Academy and we have these live sessions
displayed here and then we have all the
questions here. You can click on these
different
themes and ask your question. You just
click on ask your question and then ask
it. And if you're a citizen or if you if
your question is tremendous then it's
going to be
used in these live sessions.
Okay. So, let's go into that
uh and uh answer some questions. Let's
see these. Wait, why is this not
showing? Uh oh.
Why is that not showing? This is a
little weird.
Let me see. I want to show you. Oh, it
shows now. Was just delayed.
When you sell short puts, you always
have the funds to buy in case you get
assigned. Greetings from Belgium. Hello
to Belgium.
Are you north or south? Are you Flemish
or what? What are the other guys? The
French
uh price target for Tesla in 2028. I
have to look at the latest. I think I
still have my $6,000
price target for 2030. I pushed the
10,000 out to 20 thou end of 2031.
But I still have 6,000 for 2030. So
2028. I have to check the latest. I I
should do a video on the updated
Flemish. Very good. I understand a
little bit of Flemish. A little I
understand Flemish more than Dutch.
Um
so
yeah, let's talk about the robots and if
they will replace traits. This is a very
smart question from Tim. So Tim is
saying given the rate of improvement in
AI and the core function that it plays
in the acquisition of new skills in
humanoid robots, how long will it be
before a humanoid robot starts replacing
trades like electricians, plumbers,
hoticulturalists
on a global scale? Additionally, what
are the contributing factors to which
trades would be filled by human robots
first? Eg. complexity of task, demand
for work and consistency of daily tasks.
When you look through it, what are the
typical applications? I think industrial
manufacturing is probably number one,
right? Because that's the easiest. Maybe
at home services are also one of the
easiest because and that's very
important for Tesla stock. I believe
even before these things become
economically sound to replace a maid or
something, people would buy them by the
millions. When you think about how many
people have a lot of money and love
robots, I think you can sell millions of
Optimus into homes first. Uh because you
have these innovators like the people
who just buy stuff before it really
works. And this is so cool and insane
that if it can deliver anything
reasonably impressive and any kind of
utility, millions of them could be sold
into households. So that's an underrated
opportunity in my opinion. Now after
these households the first economically
sound application in my opinion will be
industrial manufacturing because there
you have repetitive tasks in in you know
car factories and all over the place
where these robots probably can help a
lot.
I don't think Amazon warehouses for
example will be a main application
because I think Amazon these warehouses
are kind of machines by themselves and
they are so clearly defined that you
probably have specialized robots so the
whole warehouse will be a bunch of
robots that are specialized
but in more manual manufacturing lines I
think that's the first thing I think
then you look at agricultural
stuff
maybe even mining and these kinds of
things I think this forest stuff you
know culturalists also relatively easy
uh when it comes to electricians
maybe even more than that plumbers I
think plumbers are harder than
electricians I think there becomes
tricky this will definitely be a whole
you know magnitude harder than mining
for example
and also a magnitude harder and
we talking plumbers but also painters
and all these things maybe painters who
knows uh so I think this will be a
little tricky to get there so it will
take maybe a couple of years longer uh
and then at the tail end of course you
have surgeons that's the stuff that Elon
talked about of course that will happen
like probably in 10 years or something
it will take some real time because you
need tremendously advanced robots for
that so you can basically create a
ladder like I would say three to four
steps brain surgeon at the end at the
beginning made for the innovators who
don't need a robot to be more cost
effective than a maid and then stage
number two is manufacturing industrial
manufacturing stage number three are
like mining and forest work stage number
four are then electricians and plumbers
and stage number five
and and some healthcare nursing stuff
electricians plumbers nurses
And then number five will be these very
complicated things.
So what are the contributing factors to
which traits would be filled by humanoid
robots? First I think you can really put
it into a matrix. Yes, it's the
complexity the dex dex
dexterity dexterial complexity of the
task. I think the the intelligence
complexity doesn't matter. the robots
will beat us right away on the in
intellectual complexity but the
dexterity required will be very
important and potentially also the
strength I don't know how good they are
at strength
um consistency will not be a big problem
I think so you know you you want to
deploy these things also in areas where
it's dangerous for humans I think street
work right you know that That's
something. And of course, you have stuff
like military and law enforcement. I
mean, that's a very interesting
situation because of course it's very
Terminator like, very disturbing, but at
the same time, the value is insane.
Imagine you have a police situation, a
hostage situation, whatever. These
things, you know, they're expendable.
You can just deploy them.
Imagine police. I mean, police is one of
And also firemen.
Firemen. police, they are at very high
risk. Why put humans in harm's way? The
police could just remote control the
robots, send them first, let them clean
it out first and then come in.
Riot control like the funny things,
especially the dystopian stuff, is
actually super valuable to do first. So,
this will be very interesting. Very
interesting. Not just interesting,
scary. And space exploration. Exactly.
Leonardo. Uh, I don't know how long
these things keep. They need to be space
ready.
So, that will be pretty interesting.
Flemish and Bologonia site. French
speaking. Flemish. French speaking.
That's good. Um,
robotaxi app released for Android users.
I know that's an indicator. I know this
is all coming together. I would uh I
would not be surprised if we get
surprised.
Uh this is very
interesting. So here is cybercap ready
before v5 is released. We'll get into
that now. Uh first let me check some
more questions.
In corporate leadership in corporate
says using AI will take the jobs away
from those that don't use AI. But I have
trouble imagining any human involvement
if the AI can do it better. Can you
expand your thanks? I totally agree. I
think it's the biggest gaslighting
operation
I've ever seen when it comes corporate
investors, VCs,
some politicians talking about AI. The
idea that there won't be absolute mass
replacements of humans in 2027
is ludicrous.
It's just so stupid. Like why would you
not replace all the humans if you are a
CEO or investor? Like of course you're
going to replace them all. The question
whether there will be an equivalent
amount of new opportunities for humans
is a question that that's why we have
pioneer lands. In theory, every single
human could turn into a pioneer and make
billions of dollars per capita now. But
that requires some enormous leap. You
guys can do that and I can do it. But
the general population, they don't even
know what we're talking about. They're
not watching Joe's channel. They're not
on pioneer lands discussing with you
guys in our discussion spaces. They're
clueless. They will be destroyed.
Unfortunately,
you just have to think in basic
principles, not even first principles.
You just have to think as a with your
brain. There is claude cowork. There is
now Chad GBD 5.5. There's deepseek on
their heels. Deepseek version 4. Look at
that thing.
This is all happening. Plus Optimus,
plus rootexi. Really? And this is all
converging at shocking speed. I'm
working on this stuff every single day
on the agents. I have to switch my
entire system every like four weeks
because now co-work and claude and cla
design has completely overtaken lovable
for example. I love lovable but now it's
getting destroyed suddenly
by cla design and cla design is just
breathtaking. Today we did the whole
GitHub connectivity with claw code and
you know design versus lovable the speed
is shocking plus robo taxi people don't
get it like we have 19 robo taxis now
unsupervised no one even noticed in
three cities suddenly what do you think
is happening next the idea
that you will have these jobs around
next year is just insane and then the
idea if you replace millions of people
we talking about
they're very mid, right? By definition,
most people are mid.
As I said, they're not watching Pioneer
Lands. They're not participating in
Pioneer Lands. We have like what 5,000
members like we have a billion people in
Europe and the United States and North
America. Like what about the other like
we have 5,000 secured, one billion to
go. That's how I see it. So, it's going
to be very interesting. There will be
enormous problems. That's what I think.
There will also be enormous
opportunities.
And these corporate people, yeah,
they're just gaslighting everyone's
like, "Oh, yeah. You learn a little AI
and then we fire you."
Okay. Mostly mostly folders,
a bit of everything. Mostly
folder.
Folders, a bit of everything. I think
the question isn't what is easiest for
Optimus. They will go where they can
provide the most economic value first.
Exactly. It's it's going to be very
tactical also because in the beginning
you will have a lot of pilots, right?
Not pilots, not not flying planes, I
mean pilots. There will be a company
like Pepsi and the semi truck. There
will be another company like Home Depot
will go or McDonald's, one of my
favorites. I mean, I hate McDonald's,
but you know the McDonald's play.
McDonald's could just take a thousand
Optimus, put them into McDonald's, and
sell more stuff because everyone would
go to these McDonald's just to get
served by the Optimus.
So, I mean, this is real. They would
make money on this.
Andy Peters says, "Households
dangerous for Tesla, too dangerous for
Tesla Optimus. Think about kids, pets
might die without real cause."
Yeah, maybe. But this is like robo taxi.
I think it's you're right that in order
to deploy a lot of them into households
there would need to be a dedicated
vertical team probably on every use case
you need a dedicated Tesla team that
manages that vertical and in households
is very similar to robo taxis that you
train these optimists to basically
behave like a robo taxi if there's
anything going on that in any way could
be dangerous you just take it down
compliment but not replace the trades.
Well, I'm not sure. You might get
replaced. Space exploration, of course.
Robocop. Yes,
this is very funny. You know, guys, this
is also something,
in case you didn't notice, the world is
getting more unhinged, which is also
something that was very predictable
and that I predict to get exponentially
worse, the destabilization of the world,
because we will get all get more and
more confused. there will be a content
explosion. No one will know anymore
what's going on. Politics is pushing the
boundaries both in the EU and in the US.
What is allowed? Like they just do all
crazy stuff and no one cares anymore.
Everyone says, "Yeah, they're the
politicians. They're insane." That
wasn't that wasn't like that before. And
so we see destabilization all over the
place. And the side effect of that is
that people like Palanteer,
people like Andural
and people like OpenAI with the
Pentagon,
all these things that were incredibly
taboo, killer robots,
automated killing loops with drones, no
one even talks about it anymore.
Everyone's like, "Of course, of course
they're going to kill all kinds of
people at the front lines." And the next
thing will be, "Of course there will be
Robocops. Of course they're going to
murder a bunch of bad guys."
I think that's very concerning. I'm just
here to not judge. I'm not Dutch dread.
I'm just going to tell you guys what I
see coming and how I see society react.
I think society will be very distracted
and cynical and I will say, "Yeah,
surprise surprise. The cops can kill you
and they're robots." So, I think it's
just going to happen because it's
economically so attractive. The
economics of war and the e economics of
law enforcement are just enormous
forcing economic forcing function
towards robots being deployed. And who's
going to stand up against it? In order
to stand up against these things, you
need an organized populace. And we have
the exact opposite. We have complete
chaos. So
that means it's going to happen sooner
than later.
Corporate Shill 66 says, "Work as hard
as you can now to make as much money and
invest." 100% correct. If you can make
money with work, then work especially
hard for the next 12 months because it's
coming to an end. Find nice offramps and
get very good in investing.
Dr. Fish Capish is back. Hi Joe, good to
see you. Yes, good to see you.
What corporates jobs do you see going
first? Well, I can tell you, think about
it. Sales, all the dummy dummy ones, the
easily automatable. Of course, coding, I
mean coding, are you kidding me? Coding
only the difference is that
now you need more and more not coder,
you need product managers who understand
code, that manage these AI systems and
they will not go away anytime soon in
the next 36 months because you will need
them more and more. But these are more
entrepreneurial and product designer who
also understand code a little bit.
Which means you don't even have to be
technical. You can learn that very
quickly. So they are not going away. But
standard coders are going away. Everyone
in administration, healthcare
administration, these are so many jobs.
Banking, legal, mid-level, junior jobs,
complete wipeout. HR, complete wipeout.
these very dumb jobs where you just have
to repetitive review stuff.
These are all getting murdered. And
right now you see how Anthropic launches
a new product and kills a bunch of like
a an entire sector at the stock market
in the S&amp;P like software getting
murdered. They're launching CL design
and the entire design software sector
goes down the same minute they launch
it. The same is true just not with
stocks for these employment verticals
only that you don't see it because
there's no stock but plot will knock
them out one after another and open your
eyes after them too and then of course
Elon is working on digital optimus
it will be complete complete havoc and
what people do not understand
this is one of these examples where it's
truly true that the average NPC doesn't
understand exponentials the average
corporate or polit political or Wall
Street NPC
they say look so far AI doesn't haven't
hasn't replaced a lot of jobs well first
of all it has and you can start to see
it really in the statistics but this
will be extremely exponential
vastly exponential
I said it in early 2025
that I believe that 2027 will be a storm
um it will be an absolute storm. So I
maintain that prediction.
2027 I think will be a wild year and
after that it doesn't get better. But
2027 will be the first year where there
will be mass panic about this kind of
stuff. Economic implication,
employment implications,
security implications. They will be out
in the open. They are clear for us now.
There will be much more clear to many
more people in six months. But in 2027,
it will hit the normies over the head.
We have to be prepared for all these
things because there's always huge
upside to all these disruptions, but
there's definitely downside.
So there's no way a bot will replace
plumbers and electricians for a decade.
I would not be sure about that.
It will be more at the end of the decade
than the beginning. I agree with that.
It will be not this decade but in 2035.
Are you kidding me? I think there will
be things going on we can't even
imagine.
Okay, what do we have?
Optimus will never happen to any large
degree. Tesla is struggling with FSD. I
disagree, of course.
Uh I don't think that is true. I think
uh you also have to consider we have an
exponential R&amp;D power trajectory here
with the whole AI stuff going on inside
Tesla or inside other companies too.
Why do you think Optimus is going to be
so capable when we don't even know what
it can do? Because you can triangulate
that that no one works in isolation.
Look how the other robots are very
capable. We know what the Chinese are
doing. We know that figure one is
getting more and more impressive. The
idea that Tesla is totally behind them
is very likely very wrong. Very likely
Tesla is just very quiet because they do
not want anything out there that can be
copied. That makes total sense to me.
When you just overlay that, the amount
of capital, the amount of talent, the
amount of pressure Tesla has on that
project is just vastly more than anyone
else. So even if Tesla would be less
competent than the others in doing this
kind of stuff, they would beat them. So
I think at a minimum, Optimus will be
highly capable and in the top three
robots. Uh but maybe even more likely it
will be significantly ahead. But they
don't need to be much ahead. It's not
like FSD. I think you can also tell that
Elon understands that Optimus is not
going to be like FSD. FSD is just no
competition. Optimus will has have
competition. That is very clear.
Due to AGIS, one bot will learn one
thing and the next day the full fleet.
Absolutely. I mean, this is one of these
extremely hard to develop an intuition
for facts.
I mean, we can't even imagine. Like,
imagine you have millions of these
things running around and at any point
in time, each of them knows what the
frontier robot knows in this fleet. It's
crazy. Just imagine all of us, just us,
just us 5,000 pioneers. Imagine each of
us would always know the most of
whatever any of us knows. Like, you
can't like we would have a super
civilization. And these robots will be
like that. Of course. Uh well, we will
see about that. But kind of at least in
principle,
training a task for six months with a
full team to one bot or small group is
definitely worth it as the knowledge
will replicate to all bots. Exactly.
Uh Leonardo, wow, we have so many
questions. That is what they said about
cars driving themselves and rockets
being irresumable. Hard but not
impossible. Exactly.
I think the robots are actually easier.
I think the robots are easier than the
rockets and they're easier than uh than
the cars. FST.
Any progress on wireless charging? I
think so. I think it works well, but I
don't think it's super necessary for
scale.
Chase brokerage employees. Not just
Chase brokerage. A lot of them are
useless.
SpaceX buying cursor. Well, this is just
a perfect no-brainer deal. There was a
very good post on it, but what the deal
is, it's 10 billion. They are going to
do a bunch of stuff. So, they can
basically test out if the cursor
repositories and all the linked accounts
and all the stuff they know how much
that actually boosts. They're paying 10
billion to test it out, how good it is.
And if it turns out it's actually as
good as it might be, they can basically
execute a call option, get it all for 60
billion. Very elegant deal in my
opinion.
I've been holding TSLL but never thought
about selling covered calls.
Yeah. Well, you guys are just be
cautious about this TSLL stuff and
covered calls.
The breaking news, the breaking news is
that we are launching T + 50. That's a
very exciting bond. Maybe you missed it
in the beginning. You can go to
pinealpha.org and check it out. I'm very
excited about this. Let's see what
happens.
I think that there is a very large
market for education in the enenti side
for workers that literally nobody goes
for well there. I think there are tons
of these markets all over the place.
This is a golden age for entrepreneurs
because the world is being redesigned
fundamentally redesigned. So there are
infinite opportunities all over the
place.
Corporate Chill 66 says, "China already
has robots that do work on the power
lines."
Yeah, I know. This is h this is
happening faster than people think.
The roofing industry, well, that's a
little complicated. I think that's more
on the tail end.
I'm all for the robots taking the jobs.
I went to Taco Bell last night and the
dumb human couldn't even get my order
right. I actually think Galactic Marine.
No wonder that a galactic marine is
annoyed by this. You come from the
galaxy. You should be annoyed by all the
stupid fast food people.
I think fast food
might be one of the first big things for
robots because it's a Goldilocks moment.
You save money replacing the humans. The
humans are not very engaged, most of
them, and you attract customers.
Just think about it. Would you, if
you're in LA and you know the In-N-Out
has like robots or the McDonald's, I
would go there.
Uh, can we invest in Pioneer Alpha via
German brokers like Scalable Capital?
Asked Dan Learning.
Am I allowed to talk about this?
Well, I can talk about it as a corporate
plan, not as a product announcement. Uh
so Pioneer Reserve is working on maybe
end of the year. This is a bigger
operation
making the bonds actually retail
accessible and tradable. Yes. So they
will be available in brokerage apps and
then there will be no minimum of course
uh because it's full retail as you can
imagine that's like a lift and it will
not be available in the United States.
So, United States needs to maintain the
accredited status. This will be Europe
only. Uh, let's see. This is a major
operation as you can imagine, but I'm
very excited about it.
Austin 4, visit any factoring, you will
see what robots can do.
Uh, yes, it's crazy. What is your
adjusted forcing function timeline road
map?
I will discuss this a little bit more
later,
but not too much has changed. I think
the sentiment
is much more negative than the facts.
Think Tesla may get into drones. I I
think they should. They might be very
busy, but I Let's see. Let's see. Throw
out McDonald's or any fast food and
bots. I just experienced sound hounds AI
at drive-thru and it was very simple and
smooth. I don't know. Sound hounds AI
with drivethrough.
Okay, let's go to the Pioneer Academy
here and talk about is CyberCap ready
before V15 is released. Yeah, quick
comment on this. I do think so. So,
Peter asked the question uh 14.225 in my
Model Y. The other night at a light, I'm
turning left and a car was approaching
fast from the other direction. I was
already under the light ready for the
turn and the light turned yellow then
red as the car approached. But I'm still
under the light. Model Y jerked a few
times trying to decide what to do, then
just stopped. I had to intervene. Yes,
it's still terrible in parking lots. But
that's not even 14.3. It's too cautious
to pedestrian. The main problem is my
first point. It's actually a safety
issue. If the cyber cap is operating on
14.3, which does some improvement by
Elon himself said it's not ready for
scaling. Um, I think the following good
question, Peter, and for sure 14.22 225
is not ready for that. 14.3 has now laid
the foundations and I don't know what
people are talking about for version 15.
Elon and Ashock are crystal clear. 14.3
number one is enough for scaling.
We do not need to wait for version 15.
They were very clear on that. And number
two, the main bottleneck for scaling is
not safety anymore. We don't have a
safety issue. We are too safe and
cautious right now. which leads to these
ta these little edge cases where you
know the robot taxis just drive in
circles. So they are working now on
making keeping it safe but relaxing that
to allow to get rid of these problems
that are not safety issues but
convenience issues. That is exactly what
they said and I believe them. I think we
are with 14.3 and the consecutive pre
version 15 versions we will be ready to
scale to a certain amount I think to
multiple thousands
before version 15 and I think version 15
is probably coming in Q4 maybe in Q3
and all of that just means for me I
think we have already hit the inflection
point on robo taxi and people just don't
get it they're being cooked like the
little frogs. The water is heating up.
They're getting cooked and they don't
get it. I think we just I don't know
what people are talking about. We have
reached the inflection point. Look at
this. I shared this like what do you
think that is? That is unsupervised
robo taxi. What is that? That is
scaling. Sure, it's on a low base, but I
mean they started at zero January 20th.
Now it's 3 months later, we are at 19.
By the way, in case you didn't notice,
in more cities,
Dallas, Houston, we have now two
unsupervised in each. We have four in
Dallas and Houston and we have 15 in
Austin. And look at this. This was
exactly coinciding. Here was here was
Cyber Cap launch. See, end of March and
guess what happened? Boom, boom, boom.
So, sure, we don't know. This is far
away from my 1,800 forcing function, but
is it far away? Is it far away on a
timeline? Let's see about this. So, I
think everything is actually going
according to plan.
Little delayed, but not fundamentally
delayed. So, that's why I don't
understand why people I think they don't
see the forest between the trees. That's
what I think. Of course, you need to be
patient and focused on making your beds,
but I am exactly that.
So that is my take on the whole version
15 situation. I do not think we have to
wait for this. It's going to be nice to
have it, but it's more the cherry on
top. And what's happening before is
scale. That is what I think.
Let's click on mark as seen on YouTube.
Does this work to disappear? Oh, very
nice. My Pioneer Academy works better
and better. We debugging this.
Is there a correlation of Tesla
information release and stock price?
That is an interesting question.
Um, I'm wondering
if there is any correlation
to the kinds of Tesla information being
released and the actual release of the
product and what I care about the most
increase in stock price. What made me
think of this is Tesla release of the
doors opening on the cyber cap during a
sunrise. I think Tesla has done
something similar for other new
releases.
Well,
I think
I think that's exactly the source of
alpha we can use. We need to be on top
of the news. We have to interpret the
news and we have to be a little bit you
know in front of this. We have to frontr
run it a little bit. I don't think
there's an automatic release. The stock
market is wild. People have to spot
information interpret it. That's what we
are doing here.
How do I sign up to buy Pioneer bond
investment that closes soon? I would
like to be one of the first investors.
That's a great question. I like that
question, Jonathan. Pioneeralpha.org
should be very simple. Go to
pioneeralpha.org
and there you see everything. You can
also write me a message there if you
have any questions. So that is easy to
answer this question.
just joined up and saying hello. That's
very nice, Michael. Welcome, Michael.
Just want to say hello. I've been
watching you on YouTube for six months
now and you got me interested in stocks
as I have followed Elon from the first
days of SpaceX. I've just joined the
family and looking forward to learning.
Mike, welcome Mike. Welcome to Pioneer
Lands. Great to have you here and thanks
for asking a question. It's not a
question, saying hello.
Do we have more questions here with you
guys?
Oh, so many questions.
McDonald's Joe, your new profit share
for your Pioneer Alpha is great idea.
Well done. You get all alpha upside plus
50% of your hard work creating alpha. I
know. Thank you. Well, it's also an
exercise for me, you know, like we
always talk about the pioneers and Elon
and making things happen.
Am I frozen here?
Um, oh no, I'm just and uh this
iteration as an entrepreneur, we I'm
also an entrepreneur when it comes to
the bonds. It's a very important
endeavor for me as you know because I
think we can build a new financial
infrastructure for Pioneer Lands here
and make a lot of people happy if you do
it right.
Um,
but yeah, this, you know, I'm also
learning. I am getting your guys'
feedback also the investor feedback who
likes the growth 45 bond who likes the
other bonds and we are learning and
doing this together because in the end
we all need to win and everyone needs to
get what they want. Everyone has to
understand the risk. This is a
discretionary management of me of the
portfolio that is linked.
Uh and now we can now that we have that
infrastructure set up in Luxembourg
securityization vehicle, nice oversight,
nice auditor, everything nice. We will
put on the website very soon the full
team. So you see who we are uh the
actual people executing this. But now we
have a nice securitization
infrastructure. That's why bonds are so
much better. these more these structured
bonds like this than a fund. A fund is
like a clunky thing uh you know has all
kinds of problems. Here we have a
securitization infrastructure where you
can actually design products that meet
the needs of investors and these needs
might be very different. If you have a
Tesla bull that says I don't care about
anything. I have total belief in Tesla.
I just think Joe can outperform Tesla.
Therefore, give me a bond where I can
just outperform Tesla when everything
goes right. That is exactly what we
launched here. Other people say, I don't
want that. I want safety. You can keep
all the gains over, you know, 100% gains
plus 36% plus plus 1% per month, but pay
me and make sure that whatever happens,
I get maximum risk mitigation compared
to the underlying portfolio. I want risk
mitigation. I want income and risk
mitigation. And then people in between
who say I want up to 45% a year. You can
keep the rest but you make sure that if
you underperform I have some safety
here. And that's what I would be paying
for. So I like it. But it's all about
interacting with
the community to understand who wants
actually what and can we make it happen.
I think it's very cool. I always love
this stuff.
Okay. How will the pioneer bond be
affected by a possible merger? Great
question. We solved that problem
already. It's a pro-rated thing. So,
you basically, you know, if Pioneer
Alpha outperforms Tesla, Tesla is the
benchmark. 50% of the outperformance
goes to the bond holders plus of course
the base Tesla performance. If there's a
merger, that's all prorated. So, let's
assume Tesla merges one-on-one with
SpaceX.
uh
that basically means let me think now
I'm like uh we just came up with the
exact terms it is all pro so in a merger
the performance is measured all the way
up to the merger as Tesla and the merged
entity takes over very simple so if
Tesla went up 100% and then gets merged
the benchmark is 100%
tiny alpha is 100% then a waiting period
until the merger starts trading and then
continues from there. So if Tesla goes
up 100% then gets merged and then SpaceX
owns Tesla and goes up another 100% at
maturity that's 100%. Boom plus 100% of
the 100% so that's 400%.
Or 300%.
Gain right? So you if you invest a,000
bucks, Tesla turns into 2,000 and then
another 100% up, it's 4,000. So you made
3,000 gain on your 1,000.
And so that's your benchmark. And then
if Pioneer Alpha is above whatever is
above this Tesla and then taken over by
SpaceX performance 50%.
That is the rules for a merger.
And if Tesla ceizes to exist, it ceases
to or ceases to trade goes up 100% then
whatever gets delisted at that price, we
just keep it's 0% from there. 0% growth
from there.
What is this here? This is like spam. I
don't like spam.
Athena coin, you get banned now.
Boom. No pumping of stupid stuff.
Uh Joe, I think the plan you proposed is
fair. Share the upside as well as the
downside. This is definitely what I
envisioned as well. Yes, thank you.
Can't wait till version 16. Well,
version 16 will take some time to become
real. We have to first get
uh so here we get into complicated
questions. Oh, now we get more
strategic. So, how to earn a living
after AI and robot takeover? That's a
very deep question, Luke. Luke
Skywalker,
it's easy to imagine how AI and human
robots will take over more than 50% of
the world's employment, especially in
the West, by the way. I can see the
advantages for companies choosing that
route, but how are the huge number of
unemployed people going to earn their
living? So, here's my strategy on this
whole thing.
I think the disruption and the craziness
that is coming for us for all of us
can't even be imagined. For me 20129 is
truly event horizon.
Not on a Tesla side. I can predict Tesla
but I can't predict society. I think
there will be some crazy stuff going on.
Okay. And that means we shouldn't like
break our little heads, little pretty
heads
about this whole thing. What we need to
do is focus on ourselves. That's what
you do in times of chaos. You know, make
sure you're focusing on yourself, the
people that are important to you, and
your tribe, whatever your tribe is. Most
people don't have a tribe. That's the
first problem. That's why building
pioneer lands. I think we need
forwardinking people who are smart,
rational, levelheaded, and good people
who also understand what the hell is
going on. At least want to understand it
because we are stronger together, and
there will be wild times ahead. Now, I
don't want to be a doomer
there's some doom potential, some
serious doom potential, but of course,
there's also the potential of enormous
opportunity and abundance. But whatever
happens, it will be a time of complete
chaos and disruption and it will be here
in the next 36 months. People don't get
it. It will be wild. It will also be
politically wild. It will be like wild
wild.
And so we shouldn't worry too much about
things we can't even predict because
this is a systemic chaos problem.
What we need to do is keep the eyes on
the price. We need the right people,
good humans, money, and very high
returns. Then we can build great stuff.
That's all I know. And use a lot of AI
and really watch out and not do it
alone. Right? These are the principles
with that we can survive and thrive.
That was my original slogan for Pioneer
Lens. Survive and thrive in the age of
AGI.
This will be wild and it will start
being really wild like objectively wild
next year and then goes exponential.
That's exactly what's going to happen.
total disruption of everything from big
companies taking over Anthropic, maybe
Google, XAI, Tesla, they will get so
much power in SpaceX but also Microsoft
also Amazon all these people they will
be so much more powerful than the most
powerful government
uh that it will be a little scary
and uh at the same time intelligence
will absolutely be disseminated
everywhere and then we just have to
learn how to use that intelligence for
us to our advantage but also to build
more sustainable things than just money.
Money is always the key, the foundation,
but we have to build more than that.
So, it's truly a reality engineering
time we are entering into and it has
started already. That's what I'm I'm
trying to motivate everyone pioneer lens
like we have to do these things. We have
to learn. We're building the Pioneer
Academy out
and that is the journey we are on.
What is next?
Does unlimited intelligence have
unlimited economic value? That's an easy
question. Yes.
Yes.
So, John says, I have two questions. I
know this came out long. Hope that's
okay. First, does unlimited intelligence
have unlimited utility?
Yes. Does unlim unlimited intelligence
have unlimited economic value? Yes.
I can make it very quick. I don't even
have to read the long. This is a very
long you guys should read it. This is
very interesting what John wrote here.
But the answer is yes. We have to
understand the nature of economic value.
Economic value means you can build a new
reality. That's why I called it reality
engineering. But even on a small
economic product scale, you basically
envision a world that is different from
the current world. That world can be
very trivial. Maybe it's just a nicer
t-shirt. Maybe it's just nicer a nicer
soft drink. But it could also be
multilanetary civilization. It doesn't
matter. In principle, a soft drink and
multilanetary civilization is the same
thing. It's a non-existing future
reality. And your vision is, I want to
make that reality happen. I want to be
able to deliver little soft drinks that
taste very good to my neighbors. Or I
want to be able to have cities on Mars
with their own government. Same thing.
Only one takes a little longer than the
other. But both in principle are the
same thing on the same vector. The
progress vector. It's a vector where you
have a new world with higher value,
higher value generated. What is higher
value? People have more of their needs
satisfied. Especially people who have
resources. Because it's not just how
happy you make people, but the level of
happiness you bring to people multiplied
with the amount of money these people
have. That is the economic value. And
that means
to make people happy who can make other
people happy is more valuable than
making people happy who can't do that.
Because people who can make other people
happy have more money. That's why they
have more money. So if you make those
people most happy and give them a lot of
happiness who also can give other people
happiness, you get especially rich. You
can also give people who can only make a
little happiness to other people but hit
a lot of them then you also get rich. So
that's kind of the rules. And all of
that just means you can engineer new
realities.
In order to get the soft drink or your
civilization on mass done, you need to
understand reality. You need to envision
your new reality. You have to be right
about this new reality that it actually
is more valuable. And then you need to
figure out how to transition current
reality into that future reality. That
is the engineering cycle.
The engineering cycle that makes
everything possible. And then you need
to go through that cycle faster and
faster and learn. Okay. So that is why
intelligence that just accelerates each
of these points imagination, engineering
and simulation and learning all of that
gets much faster with intelligence which
means intelligence accelerates its
central engineering cycle that makes
everything possible which means yes
unlimited intelligence leads to
unlimited economic value
which is a very important insight that
is also why Nvidia that is why all these
semiconductors that is why space AI I
all of these are uncapped temps. You can
make quadrillion,
pentillion, sexillions
of dollars or bitcoins, whatever.
No doubt about it. And for the first
time ever in history are we now in a
completely self-reinforcing circle
because intelligence itself has become a
product for the first time ever.
And that is a very big deal. That is why
you know when it comes and the funny
thing is a lot of financial investors
even the normies even Fidelity and these
people understand that that's why they
are so bullish on SpaceX they understand
that the amount of AI satellites you can
deploy through SpaceX in space is
virtually unlimited
unlimited you can deploy quadrillions of
these satellites trillions of gigawatts
and there would be more and more demand
there would be actually more and more
demand the more you deploy. So we
definitely have hit the infinite money
glitch, but it has enormous risks that
are outside economics. So it's a very
exciting crazy situation when you think
about it.
Okay, do we have any questions about
that?
If you believe Tesla is going up in the
near term, then why wouldn't you buy
TSL?
Well, because I'm going short Tesla
puts. That's much better. Why is this
guy here still not blocked?
We getting spammed.
Unwanted commercial content.
Boom. Blocked. Don't spam the thing.
Why did this blink? Super chat.
Oh, someone gave me money.
Who was that?
CH2000 USA
$9.99.
This is a good day. I can buy something
tonight. Thank you so much.
Um,
yes. So, that's the situation.
Is this still on?
Okay, so let's continue.
We finished this question. Was an
amazing question. Thank you so much. We
are nearly done with our seminar
tonight, but we have two more questions.
Creating alpha under current
circumstances. Casey,
I currently hold a significant position
in Tesla leaps expiring in June and
December 2026. Ooh,
not my favorite timing. This is a very
short timing depending what your strike
price is
uh because you are in the middle of
massive decay time decay right so once
you fall be uh under 12 months out time
decay becomes a serious problem so
you're losing a lot of money if nothing
happens and the process of rolling the
June calls but the capital outlay is
quite high to finances I'm looking for a
balanced approach to income generation
on one hand I'm hesitant to sell covered
calls because I don't want to cap kept
my upside. Yes, during a potential
breakout. On the other hand, I recognize
I'm leaving significant income on the
table. Yes. That's why you don't want to
be in this situation. You don't want to
be in a shortterm call situation because
you're losing too much money on the
premium when the stock goes sideways or
even if the stock goes slightly up but
not enough. Then you have to think about
all these things and you have to think
about short call selling and then you're
capping your upside and it's like all
very tricky.
Rather than avoiding covered calls
entirely, should we identify specific
strike price and expiration dates that
allow for alpha generation without
taking on significant upside cap risk? I
think it's very tricky, Casey. I don't
like this situation. This is like in
war, right? You don't want to be in a
situation where you have on the hill and
the Vietkong surrounds you and then you
have to make tactical decisions and none
of your decisions is actually good
because you're already in a
strategically compromised situation. I
like to be the sniper on the high
ground. I don't want to be at risk at
all. So, the first measure you take is
do not get into a situation where you
hold leaps that expire less than 12
months out because then you start to
panic when you see the time decay. Not
good. Second, you don't hold leaps super
long. You try to actually go into leaps
when you see an irrational sell off of
the stock. And what we are seeing right
now, by the way, is for me not a great
LEAP situation. Last year when we had
220 that was complete insanity that is
leaps. So I'm reserving my alpha roll
strategy where I'm going into leaps and
rolling whatever I have into leaps for
extreme situations. This Tesla at 360
is not an extreme situation
right because
technically if you look at the whole
chart not fundamentally but technically
we we could be at 490
or we could be at 400. So, I think
tactical upsides here is that that thing
needs to go to 400 and could just run to
490 with no good reason, but that's it,
right? That's not that much of a crazy
run. So, I'm not a big friend of going
all into leaps right now. It would be a
different situation if I see robo taxi
getting closer to the forcing function
and the market not reacting, right?
That's a different topic because then my
upside my current upside
just very conservative upside is 490
because we can go to 490 we should go to
to 490 without much happening for many
reasons if this upside gets lifted if I
see rootexi has actually an active
breakout is getting close to 1,800 has a
clear line of sight to 1,800
then this gets lifted to 600 700 800 and
then it's more worth going into leaps.
So I for leaps I need to see massive
mispricing
and I need to see a reasonable chance
that we go on a run soon because what
you don't want is to hold leaps forever
because then you enter the bad territory
and Casey unfortunately is already in
the bad territory so you don't want to
get there.
Boom. Final question.
Oh, we already had that. I didn't mark
it.
Boom. Q finished.
There you have it. That is our
That was our little session today. What
happened to the comments? I don't see
any more comments.
Did we freeze the comments?
I see them all here,
but I don't see them on YouTube. My
comments on YouTube got chopped somehow.
Let's close this. Here is the Pine
Academy. You should go here and ask
questions.
So, what happened to the YouTube
comments? Yeah, they froze. That's so
weird.
Uh, okay. Now I missed all the
questions.
Oops.
What is that?
more questions.
I have the spammer here, but you guys
don't see the spammer. I already blocked
him. They want to sell us some Bitcoin
stuff.
Uh, let's see.
Okay.
YouTube and this whole thing
is messed up. Do you have options course
or don't want to compete with Nicholas
Gibbs? Well, well, Nick does a good job
with this kind of stuff and I'm like not
in that business. I'm in the business of
creating the Pioneer Bonds and the
Pioneer Reserve. So, if people like
Pioneer Alpha, they can just invest in
that. Um, and I'm not in the business of
creating like real options content.
That's like an endless story and I'm
long story but it's uh it's not my main
focus to create these courses.
Also I I do not think you know I think I
don't see a future where everyone should
learn to do options trading. Options
trading is
first of all there are many ways of
doing that and I have my very specific
way. I'm like a I have my very specific
technique that I didn't see anyone ever
do. I have kind of a directional
foundational
like fundamentally and technically
driven option strategy that doesn't even
have to do much with option
technicalities. I'm kind of predicting
what a stock does and then I'm just
using options to leverage it to build
the risk profile I want. So I'm more
like an options engineer than an options
trader.
Did you manage how did you manage your
in the money put options this last week?
Well, I was um I nearly had no in the
money put options. I only I had 385 and
380 and 375. So, they were all at the
money or out of the money uh because of
course I want some buffer in there. And
they were all actually closing nearly
all of them were closing positive
because we closed at what 376
and I got very good premiums on that.
But I took some losses before because
Tesla dropped before earnings. And then
I re I had a 410 and a 400 position and
I closed them both before earnings
because my discipline was I want to be
at the money not in the money and that
actually paid off.
Um
I'm based in Australia. Can I invest in
pioneer lands in the pioneer bond?
Manuel
Chileia,
uh we are working on Australia. You guys
have some weird rules. Um you know the
the trick with any investment product in
all uh regions
like this, you need to follow the rules,
the marketing and distribution rules.
And in America, you need to be an
accredited investor. And we need to
actually vet that. for Luxembourg we
need to do some KYC AML for on everyone
uh in UK you have to be qualified
investor in and in Australia to our
knowledge you need to have local broker
dealers and stuff like that so it's a
little heavy duty to actually do that
compliantly in Australia so we have to
be cautious and still are working on it
but I had multiple Australians asking
now so I'm definitely interested in
figuring out how we can do Australia
Is it integrated with drive wealth? I'm
from India and want to invest via drive
wealth. Uh no, I don't know drive
wealth. Um so we are it's still like for
qualified investors across all regions.
I'm sure India has something similar
like that and drive wealth I don't know
exactly what it is but it's probably
some it's probably for retail investors.
So we are not there yet.
Uh Joe, I'm trading my own account and
making better than 30% mostly cash
secured puts. That being said, it is
very stressful as I'm semi-retired and
don't want to watch the market 24/7. I
hear you, Z. First of all, thanks for
uh thanks for the nine bucks. That's
amazing. Uh 30% alpha over Tesla. That's
pretty good. Um but yes, you're right. I
mean, it's definitely doable, but it's a
full-time job. you need to because you
make one mistake and you have a problem.
So, it's not hard to win most of the
time. It is just hard to never lose
because you can win 90% of the time. If
you have a wipe out once, you're just
dead, right? You lost all your money.
So, that is the problem. You can never
make a mistake. You can never make a big
mistake.
What happens to Pioneer Bonds if, god
forbid, something happens to me? I think
Elon is more at risk than me. But good
question. I think I have to look into
that. I'm sure we have some because it's
Luxembourg oversight. Probably everyone
gets their money back except me because
I'm dead. That would be very sad. Uh but
I'm sure we have contingencies in there.
And normally if it's like a keyman risk,
it's not super dangerous for the money
in my opinion because there would be a
liquidation thing and then everyone gets
their money back.
Yes, technically intelligent is indeed
unlimited, but it's worthless without
shaping atoms. And here we are with
SpaceX. Exactly. And robots.
Ooh, today I get so much money. I love
this free money.
Andy Peter sees the Pioneer Bowl.
Exactly. That's how Herbert calls me. I
don't understand one thing. If companies
fire people and let agents and robots
create their products, who's going to
buy products if people are jobless?
Look, that's an interesting question
because first of all, it's one of these
thinking mistakes that a lot of people
think,
oh, these companies are so dumb. They
are firing all their people. No one can
buy their stuff. But that's not how it
works. It's microeconomics versus
macroeconomics. If you are a player in
the market, you don't care about
macroeconomics because you can't control
it. You just fire everyone.
And second, I think you have a
decoupling going on in the economy. This
is very sad. And this new economy
doesn't need the bottom 50% and soon it
won't be needing the bottom 80% because
most of the money is being made by the
top 20%.
And that means the products that are
being sold and bought are also going to
transition more and more into B2B
situations.
So the vastest share of the economy will
just be SpaceX buying Nvidia chips.
So, who needs people buying hamburgers?
Autonomy TAM is very low. Are we
overvaluing it? City Bird, nice name,
City Bird.
Um, well,
of course, I disagree that autonomy TAM
is very, very low because we have to
understand what that is. The autonomy
TAM. The autonomy TAM is all of global
trucking. That's 4 trillion bucks. It is
a large share if not the entire share of
car ownership which is also enormously
high. That's what whatever this 100
million cars
uh times 10,000 that's a trillion. So
it's probably also five to six trillion.
So the right share market is the tiniest
little piece of that. First of all the
right share market will probably tfold
in size. I mean it's hard to tell
because it will go eat into the car
ownership market. So this is all one
giant market transportation of all
sorts. So we talking about a 10 trillion
market minimum because you have to put
everything that's transportation there.
Public transport 500 billion uh right
share tiny no one cares. Car ownership
and of course robo trucking which is
huge.
The price of goods and services will
drop big time due to labor elimination.
Yes, very interesting story on the whole
deflation side of things and what that
actually means for the world.
Why didn't you roll your 410 and 440s?
You mean my short in the money? Uh, I
don't like it because the way I'm using
puts, I have like a very specific shortp
put strategy. I always want to be on the
right side of the odds. And that means
if I don't see massive
downside, that's very important because
that's a big risk of short puts. You
need to have some safety on the
downside.
But if you think we are not too high. So
that's why you do it more on the bottom
and not on the when when the stock is
too high. If we if we at 400 right and I
have a short 400 put and the stock is at
400 I get 10 I get like whatever six
bucks premium and then the stock falls
to 380 uh 390
which exactly is what happened and then
385.
I rather roll it down to collect more of
the premium. Right? I rather take the
loss. You know, I sold it for six bucks,
I bought it back for eight bucks, I lose
three bucks.
I don't want to just roll it flat on 410
because you're getting less and less
premium. I rather go down,
right? And maximize the free money I get
every time. And if the stock moves up,
that's your risk. Then you can't capture
the upside because you can just make
that little premium. If you have a 380
strike price, you roll it back up in
real time very quickly. You can even
stack it if there's an upside move. So
that's my technique how I constantly
make significant alpha on these things,
but very work intense.
That's why I'm doing the bonds. I like
to have more money under management. So
my all my work actually gets rewarded
more because it's just the exact same
trade. It doesn't matter if you have 10
contracts or or a thousand of these
contracts, you do the exact same thing.
That's why I think I figured out some
things that work very well but are a lot
of work. So why not do the same work and
make more money for more people?
How do you predict the price of Tesla
stock? I guess technical analysis, but
if you can tell me what you do, I would
love it. Obviously, I understand that
everyone needs their own strategy, but
yes. Well, it's not that I don't want to
tell people. I mean, that's why I'm
doing YouTube. I'm sharing all my
thoughts. It's a you always look at
technical.
You definitely have to deeply understand
fundamentals but then the rest is like
you need to there is to some extent some
discretion here. You need to just put it
all together at any moment in time
because you have Iran, you have Trump,
you have Ukraine, you have the Fed, you
know, plus you have the dynamics of the
market and the sentiment. This all comes
together. So it's art and science
together. But the science piece is very
important of course as a foundation.
Do you think it's easy to make like 5 to
7% in Tesla options in one year if you
know what you're doing? You mean alpha?
I don't think anything is easy. Uh you
need a lot of experience with that stuff
and pay a lot of attention. This is not
uh for beginners. You can get destroyed.
But if you make your total focus, you
can definitely do it. Yes.
Do you think other companies interested
in Optimus make pre-order deals with
Tesla before V3 is revealed? Very good
question, Leonardo. I think yes. I don't
know when they reveal it, but there is
in my mind if V3 is decently good,
you will see pilots way before that
thing is fully done. And these pilots
will be very important deals because
these will be very big companies.
price will not drop because of robots
replacing labor because robots will be
taxed to pay for the labor. That's very
speculative. I don't know Austin for
politics is hard to predict because
these companies rule our countries more
and more. Don't forget that it's not up
to Congress to decide who gets taxed.
It's up to Google. So we have to
understand that robo taxi software is
not ready and may never be. I don't
think so. say it's easy to fix infinite
loop problem and I'm not so sure in any
case why are they starting hardware ramp
before the software is ready well that's
exactly the question I think because the
software is ready
you ever break down a whole loaded
trailer good riddance if the bots can do
it yeah good point it's not just robo
tracking it's also robo unloading
What's the breaking news? The breaking
news is that we launched a new bond. I
went all into this. Go to
pioneeralpha.org and you will see what I
mean. Uh I'm very excited about this
here. Tesla plus 50.
Very cool stuff. I'm not going to
explain it again, but
uh that is what we're doing here.
So,
we're coming to an end. That was a long
session. Wow, very long. Um, I hope that
was interesting for everyone. Any last
questions here?
The next trading week is starting. I
need to actually tomorrow go through
Pine Alpha and see where we are at with
uh the performance, but I think roughly
where we left off. This was a pretty
neutral week,
but I think we got more alpha out of it.
Maybe not performance but alpha over
Tesla.
Let's see. TS. Yeah, we will see what
happened.
Uh,
Robotex is not ready.
5* 410 and 10* 440. cash secured puts
January for May
and June 50,000 premium. I've rolled
them five odd times for a total of
approximately 105,000 premium.
So you're you're using like longer term
what's happening here? You you're using
longer term puts it seems to me.
Oops. What happened here?
Thanks for all you do, Joe. Well, thanks
for watching.
What do you see? Nvidia.
Well, I'm keeping my Nvidia. I'm
thinking about maybe scaling it back a
little bit because Nvidia is getting
pretty high, making me a lot of money.
What's your market outlook for the rest
of the year? Sell in May. I'm taking it
step by step to be honest. Like, this is
a wild year. you have Iran, you have the
repercussions of that stuff plus you
have this AGI total disruption coming.
So I am a little bit
cautious here and take it step by step
to be totally frank. Uh so I'm not
making big long time prediction this
year. I take it month by month and right
now I'm bullish
just tactically for now.
Is near-term stock price expansion Tesla
essentially the case of a psychological
shift realizing robotex is actually
real? Then a second fast stock expansion
once earnings hit the balance sheet.
Well, trap zone K9 I think your first
part I agree. Your second part I don't
totally agree. I think for the first
part up to 490 it's just the realization
that we actually in a very good position
and robotex is expanding. We can easily
go to 490 all-time highs.
uh then to push through this.
I don't think we have to wait until
earnings hit the balance sheet. I'm
always talking about my hard forcing
function. That hard forcing function is
not real earnings hitting the balance
sheet. Uh but that we hit this 1,800
robo taxis. Let's say 2,000 robo taxis
unsupervised and reach that 5% of free
cash flow annualized of 2024. That's not
really moving the needle on earnings,
but it moves it enough to send the
message that it's game over and that we
are now for sure on a trajectory to
double earnings. So, don't wait until
actually the earnings are doubled, but
at the moment where no one can deny it
anymore and I think then we see a
repricing way above alltime highs.
Tesla stock in two weeks, four weeks,
well, I think we can shortterm go to 400
in the next two weeks. That's what I
think.
But never guaranteed. I think it's more
likely than not. That's how I'm
positioned.
Very good, guys. Let's wrap it up. Let's
go back to the your Sunday wherever you
are. Sunday dinner, Sunday lunch, Sunday
afternoon
tennis game in Manhattan, wherever you
are. And
I hope that was interesting. We
continue. Next week is going to be
exciting in the land of AI, in the land
of the pioneers, and in the land of AGI.
So, I hope to see you tomorrow. Thanks
for participating in the Pioneer
Academy. We do this every Sunday. Go to
pioneerens.org,
ask your questions, and we will cover
it.
Thank you so much.