Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       These Tesla Signals Tell a Different Story
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJFbxFZteZ4
Published:   2026-04-06 18:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 04:55 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We got updates today with several
institutional analyst forecasts for
Tesla stock with a shocking one from JP
Morgan as well as Roboaxi and Optimus.
First, while some analysts like George
Gianas from Canacor Genuity and Andre
Shepard remain Tesla bulls with buy and
overweight ratings, others like JP
Morgan cut estimates and sees a 60%
share downside. Nothing new here as
they've been a perma bear for years.
Eric Jackson of EMJ Capital is saying
the exact opposite as he believes a rare
signal just flashed for Tesla. The same
signal previously paved the way for two
separate 190% rallies within a single
year. Second, Colorado has joined a list
of cities where robo taxi ready Model
Y's, those with rear camera washers and
Texas license plates have been spotted.
Third, Elon Musk worked this weekend on
the Tesla chips research fab and said
quote, "It will have all the machines
needed to do logic, memory, packing, and
masks in one building for lightning fast
development cycle." Samsung is now
hiring for its Texas Fab. Finally, in a
presentation yesterday, Tesla's Optimus
program lead showed a slide that had a
photo of the upcoming Optimus Gen 3,
still in silhouette, but it did have a
list of attributes. Jeff Lutz is with us
today. He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer, and
he's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, hey. Yeah, lots of uh analyst
reactions to deliveries. So, it' be good
to just walk through it and and kind of
what their take is on the company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I want you to explain uh the
thinking here. Uh some of them pretty
obvious, but uh JP Morgan pretty
interesting their u analysis. So, we've
got um after the deliveries we had
despite the delivery miss, Canacor
Genuity uh analyst George Gina Ricas, he
still maintains a buy $420 price target.
Um and he sees improving EV demand
driven by higher gas prices and rising
used Tesla. Then you got same thing here
with Andre Shepard. Again, despite the
miss in Q1, they're missing estimates
with production also below expectations.
Energy storage came in weak. He still
gives an overweight rating, citing
continued progress on future products
like CyberCap, Semi, Megapac 3, and
Optimus. Thoughts on those two, Jeff?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, the analysts are
reacting to deliveries that were came
out Thursday. the market was closed
Friday and uh you know welcome everyone
back from a holiday weekend if you
celebrated that and
here's my take on deliveries whether
Tesla beats or Tesla's under these
expectations are made up by people
outside of the company Tesla does not
guide to 365 by the way that's evident
of the three or four different consensus
numbers and I'm
making any excuses or what have you
because I think there are going to be
some quarters this year where Tesla will
beat expectations too. I don't th this
isn't I I think what Tesla needs to do
is deliver enough vehicles to generate
cash and support the rest of the
business and continue to grow the number
of vehicles that will eventually have
uh you know AI physical real world AI
capability as people download uh the the
service and and use it. That's what
Tesla is doing here. And now they're
going to take the cost threshold down
what Cyber Cab and and open up an entire
different market. So when I see these
consensus of 365 and Tesla did 358K
like 7,000 cars and was it really worth
you know 70 whatever $70 billion
whatever market cap of course not. So
yeah I think you just have to like let
this dissipate for a day or two. And if
you analyze the data, I mean, it looks
like China was pretty strong. It looks
like Europe was pretty strong. It looks
like we're comping to a quarter Q1 last
year, which we talked about on this show
until we're blue in the face of, hey,
they're changing over their factory to a
new model. So, it's going to be, you
know, low inventory or people waiting
for the new model. So, it's going to be
a a difficult comp. But last year, the
whole story was just about Elon and and
what he said and how it's impacting
sales. So I think it's a bit muddled but
a lot of these analysts are starting to
look through it and say look this
there's nothing significant about like
Gene Monster wrote about it as well
there's nothing significant about this
number the three and Y number still
strong Tesla raised prices on the
remaining SNXs in inventory
uh over over the weekend and there's
nothing there's nothing here that this
new Cyber Truck roll out at the 59k and
69k
new cost thresholds. So there there's
nothing really here. Cyberc cab starting
up production shortly. So we'll go
through I we'll go through a couple of
these notes, but
you know some of these analysts you
really when you when you read the
analyst my my advice is to say all right
what is this analyst or what has this
bank said over the past five years and
how accurate are they? If if they're off
50 to 100%.
Then I or more I then I wouldn't pay too
much attention to what they're they're
chronically missing something. They're
chronically missing how the market
values the company. I would say the same
thing on the upside. If somebody's
saying Tesla is going to be at $700 in
in April, I would say the exact same
thing. They're they're not understanding
how the market values the company. So my
advice is to read these, understand that
Tesla doesn't put out this consensus.
They don't they don't give expectations
by quarter. Uh but I think it's going to
be a mixed bag this quarter and then and
then or sorry this year. I think you're
going to I think I think they're going
to have a strong Q2 in my opinion for
example. And then on energy we'll talk
about in a bit. I mean that was a big
you know big miss versus expectations.
But my advice on energy and just
following this and I I worked in
cellular infrastructure before I went on
the subscriber side when you're dealing
with infrastructure, it's very lumpy. It
doesn't really work in these 90-day
windows. That's why we have quarters
where Tesla beats wildly in energy and
then you have quarters like this. My
advice is if you stitch a couple
together, two quarters, possibly three,
then the the real way to look at is is
more of an average of like a 12 year,
sorry, 12 month trailing view than to
look at energy by quarter. And that's
what a lot of the analysts are seeing as
well. The ones that don't understand it
or don't look through it, I think uh
they're just not looking at it the right
way. That's not how energy works.
&gt;&gt; We'll take a look at JP Morgan uh next.
and their well you were suggesting to
take a look at their hidden miss so far
their track record we'll take a look at
that before we do that Jeeoff the stock
has fallen uh to 350 and uh there's not
you know we had the delivery numbers but
it's really we're waiting for some sort
of catalyst right we're waiting for
these promises for the robo taxi and of
course this weekend we were expecting
Elon had said it was supposed to come
FSD version 14.3 didn't drop at anybody
outside of the employees yet. So that's
the key issue. Do you want to just uh
make a comment about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I think the stock is in a
pattern. It's in a holding period
waiting.
If you look at the way the company is
valued, I think people are putting $45
to $50 on the auto business. And that's
what Tesla were just reported on. But
the rest of the two or 300 PE is on a
robo taxi service and on Optimus and
those two up those two areas are
awaiting critical updates from Tesla
whether it's 14.3
whether it's uh increased unsupervised
deployment whether it's increased number
of cities and we're going to talk about
another one where we're seeing these
cars being staged. So, um, so these
these areas are are waiting an update
from Tesla. That's what the the market
is waiting for. And I would say, too,
that I mean, there's definitely pressure
on the market and there's definitely
macro pressure on the market. And the
first stocks to go or to take a hit are
the ones that have longer duration
earnings risk to them. If a company is
has massive earnings right now, then
it's under it's under but there every
quite frankly all the tech stocks are
under some varying amount of pressure.
Tesla's actually doing okay. If you know
if you look at its normal beta it's
called a kind of a multiplier factor to
the NASDAQ for example. It's actually
doing okay uh to that to that beta over
during this conflict.
But there's some key levels coming up
here. I know it's in the the low 350s. I
know there's some key levels uh at
around 342 and maybe 330, but it the
riskreward I think is really, you know,
it's changing. Again, there's we don't
give advice on this show in terms of
what and when to do anything, but it's
definitely under pressure from Macro and
it's definitely awaiting these updates
from from Tesla. And and I I think short
of, you know, seeing the splash of robo
taxis or new cities announced, you have
to go look at the prep work that's going
on behind. And if that prep work is
actually happening and you see cars
being moved to these cities, now we have
another city that we're going to talk
about where there's an inventory of robo
taxis starting to show up and you see
that prep work happen. You see the
requisitions, the the job postings we're
going to talk about, they're they're
full steam ahead. And so these these
schedules come together in parts.
There's certain elements that are needed
in each of these schedules to launch in
a city. And it looks like they're doing
the prep work around 80 90% of it and
they're just waiting can for that final
piece to come in. So you can call it
whatever you want. You can say excuse
this, excuse that. The whole market's
under pressure. Tesla needs to deliver
on their own specific milestones and
then we'll have to see where where the
chips fall. But they're they're making a
major transition in their business
literally right in front of our eyes.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, we'll take a look at a
perma bear JP Morgan and then we've got
this exact opposite, a bull AMJ Capital,
and see how they see things differently.
You've got a very ugly Tesla downgrade.
JP Morgan cuts Tesla estimates sees a
60% share downside. They reduce their
estimates following the Q1 deliveries.
The deliveries missed expectations while
Tesla's energy storage installations of
8.8 gawatt hour, also surprised by
falling 15% year-over-year.
JP Morgan keeps an underweight on the
shares with $145 price target. Uh they
see a 60% downside to its December 2026
price target. High degree of caution
materially dis stronger distant outyear
earnings expectations. What you just
said Tesla's performance having
collapsed for all financial and
performance metrics across all time
periods through the end of the decade.
What? That's their expectations.
Okay. Uh that doesn't seem right. We
advise investors cautious these. Okay.
The very very bull um bearish and then
you were saying earlier take a look at
their track record and not good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this this um this analyst and
this bank and Stephen does a nice job
here. Uh they're basically
when they set a 6 to 12 month price
target and then you actually get to that
point in time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Grock did an analysis and they're
basically uh 50 to 800 plus% off in
their estimates. It's basically
I mean it's garbage. Now you can go find
a a bullish analyst on the other side of
that and and I'm sure there's people
that are off too, but it just seems like
bad news, bad ratings get a lot of
attention on X. somebody comes out with
something super bullish, it's kind of
like whatever and it kind of gets but
most of the analyst notes that are
actually coming out, they're holding or
they're they're they're they're actually
very encouraged by what they're seeing
in terms of the progress with Robo Taxi
and what what the company's building.
So, this was an outlier, so this gets
all the attention, but then when you
double click into the out the the
outlier and the negative, you know, the
negative rate, I mean, it's it's
garbage. Like if this was a real
operation, if this was a real factory or
this was a real design center or team
and somebody, you know, let's say
somebody had to give do the power
electronics for a circuit and every time
they designed that circuit, they were
off 50 to 800% of the time, whether it's
a reliability spec or performance spec
or whatever, that person would be gone.
&gt;&gt; They would be gone. And it's and it's
not like this person is inventing
something new. This is you're supposed
to analyze a company, look at its look
at what it's building, and then chart
its performance in its outy years. And
if you're this far off the market, I
mean, I don't know why people listen to
it. Unless there's something new or
compelling in this note that says, "Ah,
he found something that other people
aren't seeing."
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Exactly. It's the same stuff. You
saw that table. Here's Eric Jackson,
though. He's looking at it differently.
Again, I'm not sure I I can agree with
the way he's looking at it, but he's a
bull. And he says there's a rare signal
just flashed for Tesla. The same signal
previously paved the way for two
separate 190% rallies within single
year. This time, the catalyst is Elon's
newfound discipline. Jesus. By
acknowledging competition and winding
down production of older flagship
models, Musk is showing a level of focus
that's been missing for years. He
analyzed the January earnings call.
Noticed that the usual hype has cooled
off. Must sounded like a leader managing
real growth constraints rather than a
CEO of peak euphoria. This is not the
language of a co peak euphoria. This is
the language of CEO who sees a
constraint and is forced to spend
against it. He calls this shift counter
cyclical cander. Well, the big picture
goals are still there. They're now
grounded in reality. The vision still
present autonomy, optimist, terapat. But
for the first time in 15 years, division
is wrapped in genuine operational
constraint. For the first time in cycle
3 demonstrated language is leading
aspirational language.
I mean we know that in these
institutions they do monitor these
quarterly calls. Every company's
quarterly calls and then they have this
AI you do some sort of sentiment and
they trade based on that. But for him to
say this is a signal because he's
focused. He's basically back to work and
I'm going to make it happen. But uh this
this that would be the most bullish
signal in Tesla's history. Not because
of what it says about cars or robots or
autonomous driving, because of what it
says about the mind running the company.
&gt;&gt; Ah
yeah, I I mean you're going to get
notes. I mean you're going to I mean I
mean he is he's making valid points.
It's just hard to quantify
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; what it what it ultimately means in
terms of like okay Tesla g they gave
delivery information for autos and
energy. So, I think this note could have
gone out at any time. Uh, but yeah,
you're going to get notes on the extreme
bullish, the extreme bearish side. Like
I said, I don't see anything in there
that's like necessarily
incorrect, but it's more of like, okay,
well, what are you pointing to then?
These years where Tesla's had 190%
rally, like what what specific thing are
you are you pointing to? By the way, I
think I think people should be aware too
that sometimes you actually get to that
point in a company where you talk about
it, you talk about it, you talk about
it, and then it's here
&gt;&gt; and then sometimes the stock doesn't
react. So just just be just bear in mind
as well that you know the market's
always looking ahead and they're always
they're always analyzing things. There
may be one component. Maybe it's
something in robo taxi pricing. May like
maybe there's mass deployment, but
there's something they see in the
pricing that they don't that the market
doesn't like. So, there's a number of
things I think that Tesla has to put
together here. But you're going to see
notes on the extreme side, extreme
bearish, extreme bullish that this is
what this company is. This is why
there's so much options and trading
activity is because it's such a
polarizing stock. It's got a polarizing
retail base. It's got a polar There's
just people that are It's like their
permanent thing in life to just wake up
and not like something about Tesla and
just they they like it's their daily
thing in life. Like what what can I find
wrong? And uh that exists as well. It's
a very it's kind of a very polarizing
name. But you got to look through the
signal in all of these notes and say,
are they telling me something different?
Are they is there something is there new
information here? And then how accurate
have these people been in the past?
Those are the things I would be looking
at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Yeah. So, neither of
them really said anything, just
forecasts. All right. Let's get to
actual things that happened this this
particular weekend and one of them is
yet another sighting of a robot taxi
ready Model Y. These Model Y's have been
spotted in many, many cities. Now, these
are the ones with the rear camera
washers and they have licensed Texas
license plates and we believe that they
are being set up for Robo Taxi because
that rear camera washer is currently
only on Model Y being used in Robo Taxi
in Austin. And we've seen this now all
over many cities. Lost count of how many
there were, but now it's being seen in
Colorado as well. So it is everywhere.
What's your thoughts on that, Jeff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, these are these are the
predecessor steps to launching. You
deploy inventory to a region and you now
this isn't this is just a car, but we
have cities where we have pictures of
parking lots of these cars that that are
equipped
uh for robo taxi with Texas plates. you
got Orlando, Phoenix,
uh Dallas,
um Nevada. You see, we're we're seeing
these and then now we see the the uh the
postings to hire people in these cities.
Now we're seeing more test vehicles in
the next cities beyond that. So, this is
the state like you wouldn't do this
stuff in in direct series where it's
like, okay, I got to get the perfect
software release in Austin and then I'm
going to start sending cars and hiring
people in these other cities. You they
Tesla sees this software release. They
see this performance in stages internal
to the company. They're looking at the
information. If there was a problem, if
there was a fundamental issue, they
would stop this. They would not be
deploying these cars into these cities.
So, it's it's more of a it's just them
managing timing. But I think that I
think what Elon's looking for is not to
just dribble this out like when he gets
the performance he wants in software. He
just wants to light up cities as soon as
possible.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. It is it's one thing for them for
us to see one city and then maybe two
other cities and maybe three cities, but
we're talking about 8 10 cities now
hiring in 18 cities. So, and then I
think you mentioned this last week,
which is when we see something like
this, it's rare that we actually
somebody spotted it, took a video of it,
posted it. There's probably many other
sightings we haven't even reported on.
It's more likely that's the case as
opposed to under reportported. All
right, so that's interesting. Um, this
weekend though, this is the big one. I
think Elon has been back focused on
working on the silicon chip. That is the
most important thing for Tesla right
now, the Tesla chip research fab. And
he's in a good mood. He's actually
talking big about it. He said, "My idea
of good time is working with amazing
engineers to create incredible
technology.
The Tesla chip research fab will have
all the machines needed to do logic,
memory, packing, and masks in one
building for lightning fast development
cycle." And he said, "Heaven." I can
just uh see his joy of enjoying working
with this. Um he said the Tesla chip
design reviews are so fun. He is
replying to Anant Narti who just
rejoined Tesla AI silicon engineering
lead next week. So he was able to Elon
bring him back to this again and this is
something that's quite exciting. So
they're having fun. Um and then also
Samsung they they're hiring as Texas Fab
enters equipment phase they've increased
their hiring uh has begun moving
equipment into its first 2n Texas fab
continues to recruit semiconductor
engineers that's what the media is
reporting adding it will soon have 3,000
workers on site half from Samsung half
from tool vendors such as ASML and KLA
so clearly they're starting to get going
aiming for trial production this year
and volume production
in 2027
and limiting factor Jordan said update
on Texas fab that will be producing
Tesla's AI chip for road taxis and
robots. This particular fab is designed
specifically for Tesla everything that
they produce. Tesla says we own it all
and in fact Samsung just announced two
weeks ago, 3 weeks ago that they're
about to launch a second fab in Texas as
well. This is how big Elon needs it.
Thoughts on everything about Elon and
what he did this weekend?
Well, the the launch of the Terapab was
actually a lot of it was a recruiting
event and the call was we're going to do
something differently. We're going to
we're going to present you an
environment with all the latest and
greatest like-minded people, very smart
engineering culture. We're going to
colllocate everything. you're you're
going to have this will be the first of
where you're able to do logic uh system
level packaging uh uh memory everything
together uh under under one roof
essentially and that's a very special
thing if you're if you want to design
these chips you want to design the do
the full system level design now you
have a place to go to where you can
where you can go all the way end to end
from the base layer silicon all the way
to a finished product, full system, and
a finished product. And that's going to
be very inviting to the best engineers.
Uh they're going to want to they're
going to want to work with Elon and work
with Tesla on this. you've seen the
experience. They they see the experience
of they see the Starship program and
they see it's the most exciting thing
going on with space and then they see
EVs and they see Tesla reemerge again as
the number one EV
production uh in the world. They edged
out BYD in Q1. By the way, you don't see
a lot of media talking about that. And
so you want to work at the place where
the best stuff is being developed, where
you have a CEO with an engineering
culture. So he's going to he's going to
attract people that maybe want to go and
try something else and and they'll come
back. Like in the case of this person
and uh Elon is personally excited about
this cuz he knows that this is a
bottlenecks
out 5 to 10 years. He understands what
the bottlenecks are and then he goes and
addresses it and he's got tremendous
access to capital, tremendous access to
raise more capital and that's where
people want to go and they they want to
go and they want to work with someone
proven to to to bring this to market and
and scale. So I mean this is if if
you're building product and you have the
ability to influence this stuff from end
to end, this is where you'd want to go
and and work. So this is all exciting.
The vendor base, everybody's excited
about this. Again, they know all the
suppliers know when you ship into Elon
Companies, they convert it to product
and they deliver it. So
this all around good story. Elon's very
excited about the silicon space and he
should be. Yeah, it looks like that it's
turned around because of just about a
month ago, I had to report that there
was uh reports that Samsung was delayed,
but doesn't feel that way anymore. So,
this is the Samsung factory in Taylor,
Texas. And you can see that it's
developed. It's there. And they're now
hiring significant number of people,
1500 workers. That's how they plan to
hire. Lots of job openings. And um you
know this article was actually even
looking very clearly at what kind of
jobs that they're hiring, but it's all
looking very positive. And then with
Elon's comments that looks like that
he's quite happy. It's not like this
like you were saying earlier that he he
comes in and he focuses on something to
get rid of a a big roadblock and it
looks like that he's in a happy mood
because he's feeling like we did we got
this. We got this. We've we've solved
either the problem or he's excited about
the progress. But uh that is the chip
and he was very excited about that this
weekend. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, if you want some if the audience
wants a little bit of just inside, not
inside of these operations, I don't know
what's going on, but just in general,
you're going to hear a lot of different
milestones of on track. This is not on
track. They said this is delayed. This
is not. What you want to do is you want
to look at there's a couple things you
can look at. You can look at when are
they at 25% of their peak monthly output
or when are they at 100% of their peak
monthly output. So there they said their
peak monthly output is 50,000 wafers.
Well, you can't fake that. So you can
take all the other noise if they if they
go and they cut a ribbon or if they go
put a shovel in the ground or if they go
and say, "Oh, we've started." That's all
fine and dandy. Those are all kind of
mushy uh milestones that can be faked
out for for better words. what can't be
faked out are 50,000 wafers ready for
probe. And so just keep those things in
mind and and when they get to 25% of
their monthly capacity, you know, which
would be what whatever 12K or or uh
around 13K or when they get to 50K a
month capac, then you'll know that that
facility is actually on track.
Everything else is kind of noise.
All right, let's uh keep moving here.
We've got uh Tesla's Optimus program
lead, Costatinos Leris. He was at a
keynote at this robotics club in Zurich.
Optimus robot. He showed it off and then
he had this uh interesting slide. I
wanted to show that. He's the Optimus
lead recruiting. Of course, that's what
they're there. This is the Gen 2 bot
that he brought with him. And uh this is
the photo that they took. But the
interesting part was this slide that he
used presented at the keynote program.
And if you take closely look at it, so
this is uh Bumblebee. Remember when it
first came out and it barely walked? It
almost fell. Then you had Gen One, Gen
2, now Gen 2.5 is what we've been seeing
everywhere for quite a long time. We've
been waiting for the Gen 3 to be
revealed. It has not been revealed yet.
And uh you can see that it's in
silhouette covered not maybe not even
the same the actual photo but at the top
I wanted to ask you about that useful
safe reliable mass manufacturable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah I mean they those are probably a
lot of the reasons they did a gen 3. It
is to solve for all of those things. Uh
how can you make the hand more useful so
it can do more tasks? If you can expand
the range of tasks, the bot becomes more
uh uh it becomes more valuable. The
safety piece of it, you are when you're
doing a new product line, new form
factor, you do find safety issues
sometimes late in the process. Could be
anything. It could be a logic related
issue that they had to hardwire and
change. could be uh you know the the
could it could have been something
related to the form factor of the metal
on the bot could have been a number of
different things you want to solve for
those things as well. One of the big
things we'd always have to solve for any
if we had any metal on the outside of a
smartphone or or any actually any
exposed metal inside we just have to
always uh solve for bur edges. These are
these are small things, but these are
things that could pop up at a low ppm
level that could make, you know, make it
unsafe. But to me, there's a lot behind
that. The reliability piece of it is
huge. We've heard stories of these uh
these motors having issues uh and the
mass manufacturable piece is uh probably
understated in terms of its importance.
Um, so I mean I would say, you know,
when Elon and the Tesla team said, "Hey,
we're going to do a demo of of version
three in Q1." I mean, there is a little
bit of a thing you could hang your head
on there and say, "Hey, look, we didn't
get it. something is you when they got
all the pieces together, they put these
prototypes together, they got their
software together, they got everything
in, it wasn't good enough. It wasn't
good enough to show the task that they
wanted to do. So, I think on one hand,
you could say that it is behind doesn't
mean it's unreoverable. Elon in the same
breath said I think last month he said
that we thought they were going to be
getting into production by the end of
the year and then he mentioned this
summer. So
so we don't know what's going on. We
just know that this demo is delayed. Uh
it may be recoverable. We're not sure
but to say that the bot is is on track
today is probably wouldn't be uh
sufficient. To say it's unreoverable
would also be insufficient. And so we
just need to hear an update from Elon on
the ear audience call hopefully in a
couple weeks.
&gt;&gt; Right. The demo itself is delay delayed
but
&gt;&gt; correct
&gt;&gt; he did announce that Model S and X line
is stopped and that they're going to
start building the production line for
the human bot. Um
&gt;&gt; yep.
&gt;&gt; So that's what we need to watch out for.
And then they're continuing to hire in
this particular case the optimist hand.
This position will lead the
architecture, design, prototyping,
validation, industrialization, mass
production of the hand hardware
subsystem. Um, when you take a look at
this, it's a technical program manager
role. Jeeoff, is that you know that kind
of role being hired at this time? What's
your thought about where it is in the
progress in the process of
&gt;&gt; development?
&gt;&gt; I'm surprised there isn't. So maybe this
is replacing somebody that left. Maybe I
I just surprised. So a TPM role
&gt;&gt; uh is very common in the Bay this came
up this is in the Bay Area typically the
way this is done and a technical program
manager it it works all the way from
product management and specs and
requirements all the way through to the
handoff into mass production and and and
is kind of the the the program
management of the engineering arm uh of
getting this no pun intended getting
this this piece of the bond production.
So, I'm a little surprised they didn't
have one. Maybe they're replacing one
that's there, or maybe they're just
saying, "Hey, look, we add a TPM over
the whole program,
but we need we need more because this
hand itself is going to be its own
little it's again, if if Optimus is
unboxed, I could see the hand obviously
being its own cell, its own little
manufacturing operation. Um, and you
would need a TPM over that given its
complexity. So, I'm not surprised to see
it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And just for fun, I wanted to show
this just for fun. This is inside the
Gigafactory.
Uh, a robot cleaning the floors. Uh,
this is uh the robot here. Autonous
robots are cleaning the floor. But it's
just interesting because Whoops. Where
am I going here? Sorry, guys.
It's $38,000
for this thing. My gosh. And uh and
sorry guys, I keep So it's going to take
that robot's job.
But
yeah,
&gt;&gt; well that's the thing. So if if if
Optimus is in the millions of production
and this is in the few thousands, it it
will take its job because the the
marginal cost to build that versus just
an Optimus that would be able to to use
normal human cleaning products and
cleaning tools, it would be, you know,
less expensive than this. So this this
this comes down to how is it designed
and what level of scale it gets to. And
obviously Tesla's focus on the design of
Optimus, but if they're designing
something to go into the many tens, if
not hundreds of millions of volume,
well, there's nothing that's going to
beat that cost.
&gt;&gt; It's about scale, isn't it? So the the
whole point, right, let me understand
this. But a humanoid robot is so
versatile for so many different tasks.
Now you're going to make a billion of
that's the plan in the future. billion
of these things, reduce the cost, focus
on that one form factor. This one is
specifically designed for mopping
floors, probably better. Uh, but if you
can't make I don't know what the number
is, 10 million of it and it's going to
be $38,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it there's no there's no one
single number, but the the volume you
want to look at the scale disparity
between the two. This will be a couple
thousand, this industrial bot, and then
Optimus will be in the many millions.
And so if Optimus was designed wrong and
inefficient, it may not matter anyway.
But if if it's efficiently designed, as
it gets to scale, the cost structures
are just never going to compare. And
then the reconfigurability of that bot,
the Optimus could have been cleaning the
floor in the lobby, but then all of a
sudden it can go out to the production
line and do assembly. That cleaning bot
is not going to do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. Uh, just for fun. Thanks,
Jeff. Appreciate it. Your experience is
uh, helpful today especially. And follow
Jeff on his ex account at the Jeff Lots.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.