Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Next Trillion Dollar Companies May Look Very Different
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fuxvp3lxVY
Published:   2026-09-04 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What are the top four companies that
will stand the test of time? Right now,
to me, Google, Amazon, Tesla, SpaceX,
and if I had to throw another one, it'd
be Nvidia. Nvidia, because they're
investing into all these other
companies, so they're kind of an
outlier. Nvidia is almost acting like
the future Berkshire Hathaway, where
they're going to own a piece of every
one of these AI companies. Think about
it, they own a big piece of Anthropic, a
big piece of OpenAI, a big piece of xAI.
They own a piece of CoreWeave, Nimbias.
I mean, like they own a little bit of
everything, because they have so much
money, they got to put it to work
somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Well, I wasn't going to talk anymore
about the possibility of a SpaceX Tesla
merger, but in between shows, Nick Gibbs
and I had a little bit of a chat, and we
realized [music] it was going too well
to just keep to ourselves, cuz we've got
some very strong opinions, and it
appears we disagree on a number of
important points. That's where
conversation can happen. Let's do that.
I'm Brian, welcome to Futurosa.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; So, for those of y'all who don't know,
uh, Nick Gibbs, uh, has a little YouTube
channel. I don't know if you knew that,
but it's true, you do. Investing Against
the Grain, where you cover a variety of
topics in a variety of depth, and a, uh,
channel, uh, also on, uh, a an account
on X, I suppose, a profile, a a presence
on X. So, you can do that as well. And
for that matter, while you're busy
checking him out, subscribe to him,
subscribe to me, subscribe, uh, to all
kinds of things,
uh, because we're not
beasts misters. So, uh, that works.
SpaceX merger, uh, let's just jump right
in. Give me the reason it should happen.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Uh, why it should happen. So,
you know,
I think the magic of the conversation we
were having before when we decided we
should cover this topic was was the fact
that I personally don't think Tesla, and
I this is going to be I'm going to get
roasted for even saying this. I don't
think Tesla deserves a or shareholders
deserve a premium to get acquired or
merge or whatever terminology you want
to use, whatever may happen that we
don't know.
I don't think that Tesla shareholders
deserve a premium. The [clears throat]
reason I say that and I know I'm not
answering your question.
&gt;&gt; That's all right.
&gt;&gt; The reason I think that is because
Tesla has not yet proven to do the thing
that is supposed to make them all this
revenue, all this all these profits, the
thing that you would be paying them for.
They haven't really proved that out yet.
SpaceX meanwhile,
well, their Starship's on the verge. I
mean, we're going to find out what next
couple weeks maybe. If it's it's
successful, they're already landing
rockets.
Uh we see the revenue coming in from the
data centers and renting that out. It
and this this equation flipped for me,
right, recently because well, we see the
profits coming in, we see what their
goal is.
By this next quarter, if you know, two
data points, we can create a line, we
can see, "Oh, okay, yeah, they are
actually renting out these data centers
and getting good profits." And so, to
me, I don't think that Tesla has proven
enough to deserve a The word deserves is
what I really take problems with.
Deserve a premium.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; With that said,
if there was a combination of these two
companies, I do think Tesla shareholders
would get a premium because if like
Larry Goldburg is right and it's a
merger of equals, well, right now
Tesla's worth about a trillion. SpaceX
as of today is right at two trillion. At
that two trillion value, that would
bring hopefully Tesla up and there would
be your premium. But, the deserve part,
I think is wanting.
And I I just take issues with that word.
We don't deserve it yet. We haven't Like
it'd be one thing if we were in
cybercabs and we saw a city slowly
scaling out and we you know ride times
were like hey same as Uber like that'd
be a little different I'd be like okay
this is just about scaling now they've
done it they've solved it they're just
going a little slow for safety but we
can go to Austin get a ride in five
minutes we go to Dallas Houston Miami
Tampa Orlando no problem
so I think they're right there but it's
still very much a or we're kind of like
there's a little hope hopium there. So I
don't know that's just my thing.
&gt;&gt; Sure well what I would say to that is
Tesla's already profitable and SpaceX is
not there yet they haven't made those
moves to
acquire that kind of a you know balance
sheet and if it if it's going to be six
months or 12 months for robot taxi to
prove out that's not very long I'd say
wait that long and then see
where we definitely don't know how
durable the ongoing revenue from leasing
out data centers will be because a lot
of the companies that are
spending the most on compute are buying
compute at a loss they are transacting
in compute at a loss and at some point I
fear there will be a market correction
where maybe one or two companies go
under and that doesn't mean there will
be less demand for AI what it means is
that there will be a stronger incentive
to actually monetize that AI and do so
in a sustainable way now compute still
getting cheaper but power is not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah so you're right about Nebius and
CoreWeave the two new neo clouds but you
would be wrong about AWS GCP and Azure
they are all profitable the more they
buy compute.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely but but they're in kind of a
different business I don't know I don't
know what percentage of their business
is you know old internet versus
AI compute and I don't know, you know, I
just don't know how durable the the
revenue is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's fair.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't feel like it's supposed
to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it doesn't the the SpaceX numbers
don't make sense if we get into a per
GPU hour cost that starts to decline
again like we saw in 24 25. I agree with
you.
&gt;&gt; So, well wait yeah, so what I'm saying
is I I think both companies should
mature a little bit more because either
one taking advantage of the other at
this point, one of them will be seen as
taking advantage of the other. Probably
both will be seen by someone as taking
advantage of the other
when Tesla is on the verge of big
things. I mean Optimus will be out. We
expect it early next year, sometime next
year from manufacturing in Fremont and
uh
robotaxi should be scaling momentarily
and [snorts]
and FSD, I mean really. I mean there's
well over a thousand units
deployed around the country waiting to
be switched on and then we've FSD
revenue which just keeps climbing. In
those regards, I'd say while the stock
may not have proven itself, the
execution has and for a lot of investors
who've been flat for four years, five
years, there are and some who are upside
down. There there's been a lot of
shareholder patience exhibited and and I
think a lot of those people
want to have the ability to access some
of those gains without selling out and I
worry that if the two companies were to
merge that the cash pile would be at
more risk than it is today. Today I feel
the cash pile is at virtually zero risk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so let me address a couple things
there because I agree and disagree with
you. So it's like it's it's both. Like I
I
I think you have a lot of great points
there. The the parts I would push back
on SpaceX not being profitable right now
I think is irrelevant cuz they will
probably start to show profits come
September. Like they're they're right
there. Like they're they're going to be
profitable. In fact, by the end of the
year they might be more profitable on a
per quarter basis than Tesla. Like
there's a good chance that that happens.
Is it sustainable? Different question.
Very valid argument. But that's all
really based on the durability of the
demand and the continued build out of AI
and the need for compute, which based on
what I can see isn't slowing down. But
that's how things are until they do. Um
with regards to yes, shareholders have
waited a long time and that's part
probably where I would agree with you
that then we shouldn't merge because
Tesla investors don't deserve
to have an artificial price increase
just because they've been waiting for
something that hasn't happened yet. I
don't believe that.
&gt;&gt; a lot of the investors are not investors
anymore.
Uh so you'd be rewarding the wrong
people. Tesla used to be 60 70% retail
and now it's about 30%. So a lot of
retail has lost their patience and
exited the stock.
&gt;&gt; It is is true. I I meet with a lot of
let's just say very large Tesla
investors every week and a good amount
of them sold off at least a third of
their positions.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And it's just it you know, for them it
was no more than it's been this long.
These earnings calls don't give me any
reason to stay in. I I can't sit here
and watch what's happening with Nebius
and Coreweave and Micron and Sandisk and
Nvidia and
AW or Amazon, Microsoft, Google I can't
sit here and see all these and just have
everything tied up in Tesla and it's not
doing anything. I'm not going to sell
everything cuz that'd be stupid after
all this time, but I got to take some
chips off the table and put it elsewhere
to work. Which I get. So let's answer
your initial question. Why does it make
sense for them to merge? I think
actually makes a lot of sense to merge
now rather than later. And and there's
several different like spectrums you can
choose. You you can choose a look at it
from a political lens where right now
Elon's got friends politically. So, hope
that might help him push things through.
Uh you can look at it from a technology
perspective. Obviously,
there are lots of
interconnectivity. Whether it's Starlink
in the cyber cabs and Grok in the cyber
cabs or it's, you know, SpaceX using the
mega packs or whether it's Tesla bought
GPUs, but they weren't ready to set it
up, so we sent that over to xAI SpaceX,
right? Having the ability to maneuver
like this in a clean way, you know,
maybe you can reduce head count for for
some jobs and reallocate that capital to
something else. Maybe, you know, some
less meetings Elon has to be in. Um I
don't know. I'm sure there's all kinds
of reasons why it would make sense, but
as a shareholder,
the reason that I think it could make a
lot of sense is I would rather if they
merge now
as equals. So,
if SpaceX is a $2 trillion company, that
brings Tesla up to a $2 trillion
company, which it probably wouldn't work
that way. It probably be like they kind
of both meet in the middle. So, there
you go. For Tesla shareholders, there's
your premium. But, I would rather them
do it now and benefit from the one
entity to kind of have a double whammy.
Meaning, this new entity reports
earnings. And yeah, let's talk about
their crazy compute growth and rental
business. Oh, let's talk about their
crazy robot taxis and how that's
scaling. Oh, let's talk about how we
just caught Starship. Oh, let's talk
about how we just launched uh the first
Optimus into the factories. I think
that type of momentum
from a shareholder perspective would
draw in so much more like the the
narrative there would be so much more
compelling that I think you would see so
many people come in and buy into that
company because the amount of huge
levers that they have it's kind of hard
to ignore. Now,
why do we have to do it now? We can do
it later. I think the reason to do it
now rather than later is right now you
kind of have the climate for it.
And the bigger they get, I think the
harder it becomes to put these two
together. Like I think today it would be
really hard to have AWS and amazon.com
come together. I think it'd be very
difficult to make that happen.
I think it'd be really hard today to
have YouTube and Google come together.
So, I think before like right now the
compelling argument is like Tesla barely
makes any money. SpaceX isn't even
profitable. Like yeah, of course they
should come together.
&gt;&gt; So, what I found in terms of companies
mergers and acquisitions is the
government doesn't care how big you are,
they only care how much of one industry
you dominate. It doesn't matter how
vertical you are, it matters how
horizontal you are. That's why Ma Bell
was broken up. It had telecom on lock.
And once it broke up, a lot of the baby
bells went on to become more valuable
than the original Ma Bell. And some of
them even re-merged. Some of the
subsidiaries merged together.
So, I'm not convinced that that would be
uh now when it comes to the political
side of it, whoever's in charge of the
SEC at the time would have considerable
say, but you know, uh
presidents come and go.
Uh Microsoft was able to outlive all of
the politics that got in their way uh
just by filing appeals and dragging
their feet.
&gt;&gt; Can I address that though cuz you're
right. Historically, breaking up
businesses created more value, right? Al
uh Gordon Gekko, Wall Street, right? But
I think we are entering into kind of a
whole different paradigm
where having companies together
and having multiple kind of startup
environments within companies is
is the way forward now. I think we're in
a whole different paradigm. It like if
if you were to ask me
what are the top four companies that
will stand the test of time? Right now
to me Google
Amazon
Tesla, SpaceX. And if I had to throw
another one be Nvidia. Nvidia because
they're investing into all these other
companies so they're kind of an outlier.
Nvidia is almost acting like the future
Berkshire Hathaway where they're going
to own a piece of every one of these AI
companies. Think about it, they own a
big piece of Anthropic, a big piece of
OpenAI, a big piece of xAI. They own
piece of CoreWeave, Nimbix. I mean like
they own a little bit of everything cuz
they have so much money, they got to put
it to work somewhere. But Amazon has all
kinds of startups inside of it. Google
has all kinds of startups inside of it.
And these startups are
going to be trailing dollar type
companies.
So I just think that's where we're
getting into these mega companies and I
think that is going to be good because
it's going to allow you to have this
unique data mode, unique unique data
mode that you can use for future
products that we may not know about yet
but will be very valuable because right
now everyone's locking up their data.
Nobody wants to share their data.
Whatever you got for the your initial
runs on the internet those days are
gone.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so on Nvidia, I think what they've
done is very clever in two ways. First,
they do have more money than they know
what to do with. But what they're often
doing is saying, "We'll give you a
discount on your chips if you give us
stock. We'll just take stock as
payment." It is brilliant because it
also artificially inflates the price of
their chips. If they were just if they
weren't doing that, they probably
couldn't command as much money. So,
they're making vastly more from the
other customers who don't do that and
keeping the the the demand constrained
while producing oceans of compute.
I think, you know, it's well the a lot
of these companies won't make it.
It's fine. They're still making money.
If they lose on some of those, it's
fine. And I would say as a quick side
note, one thing SpaceX got right was
that investor call was so clean. It was
audible. It had a flow.
Like, you know, I'm confident that was
Gwynne saying, "By the way, we're not
going to half-ass it like Tesla does cuz
those are not good calls." That's
&gt;&gt; It was more than that, man. Come on. At
one point
&gt;&gt; more than that, but
&gt;&gt; At one point, Elon literally said when
the reporter was going to go to next
question, Elon interrupted, said, "Wait,
hold on. Hold on." Cuz he kind of asked
several questions there and he needs to
have a number to be able to plug in. And
I was sitting there like,
"Who's this guy? That's not Elon. Did
they put an agent there? A bot there?
What is that? That's Agent Smith. Since
when does Elon care about what numbers
people have to plug in anywhere?"
&gt;&gt; Fair. Fair point.
I worry he might be spread a little thin
considering Gwynne does such a masterful
job of running the launch side of
SpaceX.
Yeah, the call too, but the launch side
of SpaceX runs, in my opinion,
extremely well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They had hoped to have Starship up and
running by now, but there were incident
investigation-related delays. Not that
it would have necessarily gone better
without them, but when you're doing
something for the first time, I'm
willing to cut you some slack on your
deadlines.
&gt;&gt; That's very kind of you, Brian.
&gt;&gt; That is kind of me. You're welcome,
world. And I would say that when it
comes to what you had said about the
timing for a merger, I think
I don't know what to say on that. But
but what I still am not convinced of is
the need to merge now or later.
I get that they do that they do have
cross-pollination, but they had
cross-pollination with Panasonic and
never bought that company. I what's you
know, why the urgency?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the the only need is
Elon wants proper control. Like that's
it. Like that let's just be honest
ourselves. Like you we we can all sit
here and rationalize all the arguments,
all the synergies and very clearly
they're making a good argument for that.
Like it's it's it's very obvious.
Whether it's Terra fap, whether it's
start like they are trying to make it so
it's like wow, this is a no-brainer.
I get that. But let's just all be honest
to ourselves.
He wants to have control.
And I can't blame him. Like if
if he really believes AI is going to go
the way it's going to go and humanoids
and all that and I kind of get it.
Especially if humanoids could be used in
military and stuff. Like that's a lot
like you don't want just anyone making
decisions on that. You don't want just a
random board making decisions on that.
You hope that you have someone who has a
good moral compass, somebody who has,
you know, a bigger picture,
you know, just
you want someone who just makes a lot of
really good decisions to be in charge of
that. I'm not necessarily saying that is
Elon, but in general you
that's a very scary thing to just have
anyone control of. So I can understand
Elon wanting to make sure that he has
control of a lot of this stuff, but it's
the voting rights and I think what
happened in Delaware
scared the heck out of him. He's like oh
man, like I could have really like
not out of business, but like lost
control of my company.
And
it's kind of true. Like if things keep
going, if there continues to be dilution
of other companies keep buying, if he
keeps selling, yeah, it could happen.
&gt;&gt; When you say that you're he that Elon's
worried what will happen if the wrong
person is in control of all of that. If
one if if someone who isn't him has the
control, what others are worried about
is if it is only him that has the
control.
&gt;&gt; And I think that the ownership stake he
has is substantial.
Even if you don't count the board, just
the voting rights he has now are it
would take more than 2/3 majority to
override something that he wants to
happen. And I don't know what he's
planning that would be that that would
upset that many people. But I think I
don't think there is anything that would
upset that many people. Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; My my question then becomes
does Wall Street want him to have
unilateral control over everything?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I think Wall Street does,
to be honest. I I think Wall Street I
mean, Wall Street puts money in his
hands to make money. Everyone knows
that. Like that guy can raise money that
was a bad snap. Like that.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um so I think Wall Street does. But I
don't think So it's interesting what you
said, like it would take a lot of people
to be upset at him to go against him.
But just because a lot of people are
upset doesn't mean those people are
right.
And I think that's kind of the thing.
You know, like that's like just because
the vast majority of people think
something doesn't make them correct.
You know, a lot of people like not to
make this dark, but a lot of people in
Germany in World War II
thought what was happening was right.
But they were wrong.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I mean that
&gt;&gt; Call me crazy.
&gt;&gt; You're going out on a limb here. But
Yeah. That that is an equal cons- that I
would consider that a a bigger concern
uh in regards to an individual than to a
collection of individuals. Um but you
know, what do I know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean
if if I don't know, like if your whole
family, you know, Brian is like, "No, we
should walk down this dark alley. It's a
shortcut. It's faster." And you're like
guys,
no.
We're going to go the long way. The lit
route. Cops over there. We're not just
going to go down this weird alley that
where you just heard gunshots down. No.
&gt;&gt; Right.
But like
if Elon says we're going to all go
bungee jumping and a bunch of adult
experts say, "You know that this bridge
isn't certified, this company is isn't
insured, and there've been deaths here
before, right?"
In that case, I would prefer not to be
chucked off the bridge. There's a bunch
of ways you can
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% yeah. I'm just I'm just
playing like how he could see it, you
know.
&gt;&gt; I understand how he sees it. I know why
he wants the merger. I'm trying to
figure out why I as a Tesla shareholder
would want the merger. And like you,
people have said, "Brian, you're a
hater."
I'm not.
&gt;&gt; No, you're not.
&gt;&gt; Well, I know that. I've been called a
Tesla hater in the same in the comments
of the same video where some
jerkwad was saying, "Nope, you're a paid
CCP shill." And that guy I finally
he decided to take his petty beef after
I blocked him to X where I just reposted
him so everyone could encourage him to
rethink his position.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I you know, I never like I've
never I don't think I've ever posted
something like mean or hateful to
anyone's It's like, man, I just keep
that to myself.
&gt;&gt; I donated to him my very first F-bomb on
X because
I'd had enough. I'd tried to reach out
to him
via DM to say, "Can you explain what
you're thinking?" And it turned out it
was something political from the past
where he he made some political
statement that I disagreed with. And I
was like, "That's what this is? You're
going to try and slander my entire
profession, my entire career because you
disagree with my understanding of the
Constitution, my brother, my friend, sit
down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, whatever.
&gt;&gt; Politics.
&gt;&gt; Politics, man, it makes it can make a
rational person behave in a very crazy
way. It's like religion to some.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And a person thinks there's only one
true religion. I just don't know which
one.
&gt;&gt; And then that in general,
my opinion is you're probably in the
wrong religion or you're probably of the
wrong political mind if you can't
agree to disagree with people
and still see them for something else,
for who they are. You know, it's like
even someone who like
is a murderer.
I'm using like crazy extreme examples.
But even someone who's a murderer,
like
they laugh, they get sad, they cry.
They they did something in the one
moment. That doesn't mean that is who
they are for everything they did. Like,
you know, it's like
I don't know. I I think we trivialize
the trivialize things to like such
simple common denominators like, "Hey,
you're this. You're that. Therefore,
there's no more to you. Like, I can't
talk to you because you don't agree with
all these things that I I think." And
it's like I guarantee you almost
everybody on Earth there's something
that you guys can find a common ground
with.
I think we should like learn to exploit
that more rather than the things that
divide us. I don't know, maybe I'm
naive, but
&gt;&gt; We have no patience for
people who kill people in some contexts
and we throw parades for people who kill
people in other contexts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's the human condition is very strange
and I'm not judging anyone.
Uh but if you'd like, I can judge you.
I'd give you a thumbs up. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I appreciate it. No, but that's
all about toss community. Like, I mean,
that's that's the ideas like
we're all different. We're have
different religions, political
backgrounds, cultures, creeds,
everything. But the thing that unites us
is this vision of this future.
And that's a exciting future, you know?
And I think that is something we got to
remember to hold on to.
&gt;&gt; I think that's uh quite enough
exhausting uh banter for today, Nick. Uh
guys, in the comments, which one of us
was right? And you can't say you agree
with some of our positions on both
sides, because that would be unfair. You
must declare a winner. No, but for real,
you can uh share your thoughts on what
we got right, what we got wrong. Uh you
know, keep it friendly here, of course.
We're not uh
I'm not saying I would never vote in
favor of a merger. We can't know whether
either of us would. We haven't seen the
details.
Um there are cases in which you
definitely would, and cases in which you
definitely wouldn't. Uh so
&gt;&gt; I I 100% would, so that we can get past
this conversation.
&gt;&gt; Just to over this topic. Just to end it.
My god. Fine. Fine. I'm a yay, okay?
Fine.
The eyes have it.
Uh so guys, what have we missed? What
have we missed? Mr. Shannon, leave it.
You know what you're doing. Everybody
else, like, subscribe. You got to
subscribe, or the robot gets very sad.
And I cannot uh wait to hear from you
clever robots on the flippity flop.