Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Something Big May Be Coming For Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HfyaTAmn8U
Published:   2026-05-15 03:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, welcome everybody. This is live.
We got uh a lot to talk about today.
Tesla stock has climbed over the last
week. We're expecting big deals are
going to come soon. Elon Musk is in
China with President Trump along with 16
other CEOs. Over 70 cyber cabs were
spotted around Giga, Texas. And then
Tesla just filed a permit for a cyber
cab car wash facility, 36,000 square
feet in Las Vegas. And then we have a
special treat today. We'll also look at
when the when to expect the massive
revenue hit for Tesla's seven lines of
business. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the analytical bull, the
master investor, the man with the
answers, James from Invest Answers. We
got the bot bull, the slayer of
spreadsheets, the master forecaster,
Cern Basher, and we got the rational
bull, also known as Mr. Incredible, the
executive Jeff Lutz. Welcome everybody.
How are you all doing today? Hey,
Herbert.
&gt;&gt; All right, we got uh things are
happening. Deals are being made are
about to be made. I thought that by now
I'd have a deal to be announced in
China. We're still waiting for that to
happen, but uh Elon's doing his job.
He's working. He's working hard. Uh
James, why don't you kick us off? What's
going on with the stock? Stock has just
gone up this week, but then today it's
taking a breather. Uh tell us what
you're seeing.
&gt;&gt; It was interesting as a little chart we
can look at. uh it's easier for people
to visualize exactly what happened. But
in an incredible turn of events, Tesla
actually went up $105 in just 30 days.
So though that was a big rampage and it
caused a lot of what I call pain of
missing out, but it did get rejected
clean off the 450 level. You know, 450
by the way is, you know, 10% away from
alltime highs pretty much. So not far
from alltime highs. You can see that in
the purple line at the top of the chart
here. One thing I would say is the
market is bumpy. The market is rough
because of oil prices and macro and now
we've have 10-year bonds
all screaming up higher all over the
world. US, UK, etc. Japan all-time high
10-year bond as well. That's putting a
dampener on risk assets. So, you got to
understand the macro. The other things
we can pull from this is we did bounce
cleanly off that long-term support
resistance line around the 330 level. If
we ever have the blessing again of Tesla
hitting 330
financial advice right here and I'm sure
CERN will say that that's a good buy
opportunity. Okay, we had that again not
too long ago a month or two ago. The
other thing is the red line that goes
across the middle as a 200 day moving
average. We're clean above that. It's
about 410. And the blue is the trend.
The trend is still strong despite the
mean reversion back from 450 to about
430 435. So, all in all, uh, we are
still hanging in there. The question is
when do we break a new all-time high?
And I think that could happen in the
next 3 to six months. That's the TA for
today.
&gt;&gt; Three to six months. I thought you would
say 3 to six weeks or something even
certain.
&gt;&gt; Well, I like to sandbag stuff as well.
There's one other thing. Last time I was
on your show, we do this every month,
Herbert. I spoke about April 9th being
the bottom from a seasonality
perspective, and I don't want to toot my
own horn, but that's exactly what the
low point was a month ago. So, uh,
that's the Green Arrow, by the way. So,
this is one stock that's very seasonal.
But what is interesting to me about the
seasonality of Tesla, we have so many
tailwinds coming right now. How is that
going to impact seasonality? It could be
pretty wild. Over to you guys.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so you're saying three to six
months before all-time highs. Uh, what
does the other say here? What do you
think, Stern?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. The reality is
Tesla trades in a very wide band. We've
looked at the way Tesla trades over the
years and looked at lots of different
data. Tesla tends to move very quickly
when it moves up. Uh it tends to trade
in a very wide range. So, uh for me, it
wouldn't it wouldn't surprise me if we
hit a new all-time high relatively
relatively quickly. Uh I'll leave it up
to your audience to decide what that
means. Um I I don't have I don't have a
prediction in terms of when it might hit
a new high only that it's entirely
possible in a very short period of time.
Uh particularly if it's on the strength
of some news perhaps out of China with
FSD approval or some sign of um you know
the further robot robbo taxi roll out.
&gt;&gt; What do you guys think has driven the
stock going up the last week? Uh any
announcements? Is it an analyst? Is it
just stock, you know, gas prices going
up and now people are seeing EV sales
are going up? Is there the Trump visit?
Is it anything else like that or just I
think it's couple of things. The
analysts that look at cars, and no, it's
not a car company. We've got a slide on
that too in a minute. They have
realized, uh-oh, it's not a car company.
But those that do look at it like it's a
car company, they just realized, uh-oh,
there is no alternative. It's a T in a
moment for Tesla because anybody buying
a new car right now will not buy
anything very rare they'll buy a
gasoline, petrol, diesel car and they'll
want to buy a car that drives itself and
they can talk to Grock etc. So the
forecast for the sales is completely off
the hook right now for Tesla and I think
the analysts have seen that. But also
the clever analysts are now realizing
there's so much more to Tesla and we've
reached tipping points where they're
generating bottom line attribution from
other lines that nobody even believed
were possible. Things like FSD licensing
is now nearly 6% of Q1 profit.
So these are the things that I think
that are hitting all at once.
&gt;&gt; Oh, what do you think, Jeeoff?
I mean, a couple things. I mean, Q1 for
Tesla was better than Q1 for most
automakers, and it looks like the April
numbers are even better, and the
momentum is is continuing. And and
that's what the stock is, too. It's a it
is a momentum stock. So, I'm a I'm I'm
not one that predicts it by the day, but
it feels like as long as it continues to
have this momentum and we don't have
some sort of macro blow up. We we're
pushing up against 7500
uh on the S&amp;P, which that's also an
all-time high. As long as we don't have
some sort of blow up where we we don't
take a pause, I actually think it keeps
going from here uh to all-time highs
quicker than um you know, 6 months for
sure. But again, if we have some sort of
macro headwind, uh that could that could
definitely dampen it. But auto sales are
actually moving in a very good
direction. And there was this signal
from Panasonic that they're they're
increasing capacity and it they named
they named Tesla. And that is a big deal
because typically what suppliers do is
when they get an increase in demand,
remember Tesla makes their own
batteries. The 4680 is going into a lot
of their new products and Tesla's
expanding capacity for the 4680 too. But
when suppliers get that demand signal,
their first inclination is to try to
make it with existing capacity, existing
labor, not to trust it. When was the
last time they got a a a bigger demand
signal or an increase or a net increase
from Tesla? It's probably been a while
because we've been stagnant or slightly
down the last couple of years in terms
of total units. So, this is a big deal
if they're actually going to increase
capacity. they're going to add new
capbacks or they're going to add
actually install new shifts of people
and not just run overtime. Typically
what they they do is they run overtime
and they run they run past their typical
uh points of utilization and maintenance
windows and they just try to get as much
out as possible. It sounds like they're
beyond that and that that actually could
be a big deal. I actually think
I I actually think there's
uh there's a word of mouth happening
with FSD and I actually believe in the
US it is starting
to drive sales. I think the price of oil
is starting to drive sales as well. Um
so anyway, those are a couple things I
would I would keep an eye out for.
&gt;&gt; Okay, great. James, you want to go
through some of your research that you
did?
Oh, can't hear you.
&gt;&gt; There's a scammer in the chat, by the
way. He's pretending to be the CFO of
Tesla. He's a scammer. So, if somebody
could block him, that'd be great. U one
point you mentioned, Jeff, which is very
powerful, is the oil price. I mean,
California, $7 a gallon. Everybody's
scratching their heads. Okay, these ice
cars are going through. And then and in
Europe, it's even worse. People used to
buy diesel cars in Europe to save money
and get good mileage. That's just the
price of diesel is through the roof
right now. Anyway, back to side. I do
want to talk about one thing. We did
have that little tipping point which was
very important. This is Q1 profit uh
that Tesla made. They made $63 million
per day. Per day. What's also
interesting is 62.8% you can't make this
stuff up. basically nearly 63% of the 63
million was from cars selling cars
energy 17.5% of the bottom line
attribution the profit FSE subscription
6.9% which coincidentally is the same
amount as the rag credits and then
internet and services charging robo
taxis is a spit in the bucket right now
but it's growing very fast but I think
the most important takeaway and this
goes back to the point we mentioned at
the beginning the analysts are waking up
to the fact that this is not a car
company and they are in the very early
innings of some of these lines of
business and they're going to explode.
And again, it's very important to look
at bottom line attribution because
things like FSD is pure profit. CERN,
what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is very encouraging to see,
isn't it? Uh this is kind of like a nice
nice little Pac-Man chart here with the
colorful portions that will uh over time
take a larger and larger piece of that
blue portion in autos. What's also
beautiful about this, James, is that FSD
subscriptions are feeding the auto
business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is feeding the charging business,
&gt;&gt; which is feeding, you know, the other
parts of the business. So, it's that's
nice. Right now, we've got that
tailwind.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then of course the smallest
piece here, robo taxis, and what we're
all waiting for is for that to become a
larger and larger and larger piece.
&gt;&gt; Um, and that's been the difficult part
now for Tesla shareholders is waiting
for that.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But I mean when when I saw this
in Q1 and it's so early and I try and
forecast what this pie chart will look
like in Q1 2027,
&gt;&gt; it will be dramatically different and
we're going to see new things on there
that people never thought would happen.
Tesla semi sales are off the hook. So
and the next chart I do I do want to
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Before you go on there though,
this is a fantastic chart, James. I
really appreciate this. 62%. So first of
all, profit is the most important uh you
know metric to be following
&gt;&gt; per day 63%. Which is great. But this uh
FSE subs at 7%. That is a lot higher
than I thought. And then
&gt;&gt; even robo taxis up.
&gt;&gt; Maybe CERN you can talk about this. Uh
maybe they recognized a bunch of revenue
and profit for FSD all at the same time.
Is that possible? Well, there was a good
chunk of one-time sales that that would
have contributed to this.
&gt;&gt; Um, also, yes, there's deferred FSD
revenue that uh I don't recall how much
of that was recognized this quarter, but
that certainly is a part of it. But the
real story, I think, is the expanding
number of FSD subscriptions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's the recurring high margin
revenue stream, revenue and profit
stream going forward. The other thing
too, I think we're all used to thinking
about Tesla in terms of revenue. And
what I like about this chart that you
put together, it's you're looking at
profit.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And at the end of the day, that's what
really matters. So that's why red
credits and FSD subscriptions have a a
fairly large slice here is because from
a profitability standpoint, they're very
high. And of course, robo taxi
eventually as well. Hugely profitable
business there.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Meabax. Does this take you by
surprise, Jeff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You actually uh yes and no. I this
is what I've been predicting, but the
timing is is is been off. I mean,
obviously, we'd want to see this
earlier. We'd want to see FSD licensing
as well, but it looks like Tesla wants
to cook FSD more uh before they really I
mean they're they're in with regulators
now, but just thinking about going wide
with even you know awareness campaigns
uh licensing. I I still think they want
to cook it a bit more. So, but yeah, I I
this is a different company than what it
was even a year ago in terms of the
sources of revenue.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And I I love what uh Cernin said as
well regarding the flywheel that FSD is
driving car sales which is driving
services and everything else. All right.
The other thing I do want to pick your
brains on and this is kind of consider
this chart a reflection of the pain that
our audience is having. uh they are all
saying, "Oh, you talk about all this
great stuff, but when is it really going
to hit?" So, I took a stab at what I
believe are, and I threw energy storage
in there because that's already hit. So,
the dollar sign is to the left, that's
already very real, but all the new
things that are coming to the four and
they will be significant
both revenue and profit contributors in
very short order. So, I try to put a
dollar sign as to when those things
become significant. So Tesla Semi sales
are off the hook. I I count probably
close to a thousand orders already.
These things are $300,000 a pop if I'm
not mistaken. And many states offer up
to $150,000 in tax credits as well. FSD
ramping, I think that will be very
significant early 2027.
Robo taxis significant towards the end
of 2028. I could be completely off
there. I could be a year late, but
again, let's just we can move these on
the sliders as we go. Humanoid robots
will not become significant till later
2028. Again, sandbagged. I hope I'm
wrong. Please keep me honest here, you
guys. Uh software and services like
digital optimus way out to 2029, late
2029. Incar inference again maybe 2030.
I did sandbag these on purpose because I
want you all to challenge them. Uh and
these are again sizable revenue drivers
and often very high profit.
&gt;&gt; James, when you talk about sizable
revenue drivers, what what's your sort
of definition of that? How are you
approaching
&gt;&gt; 3 to 5% of revenue?
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So 3 to five billion ballpark.
&gt;&gt; It's clearly it's hard to know the exact
timing of many of these things. Um we're
seeing encouraging developments
obviously with semi and the question is
how quickly does that ramp and become
profitable? We we saw when they rolled
out the Cybertruck how that was actually
hurt profits for a period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh and you quickly turned the corner on
that hopefully with semi. Uh FSD
absolutely I think that actually may be
the surprise of this year for Tesla and
how it drives uh car sales. Uh robo
taxis who knows they are clearly working
up to a a a bigger ramp. The question is
when. So your your numbers here I think
are you know I think they're sandbagged.
Uh I would be shocked if they're going
to wait that long to ramp up robo taxi
particularly given the cybercap
production because you've got to put
those vehicles somewhere and there's no
point in ramping up cybercap production
if you're not going to put them in the
fleet. You can only use so many as
validation vehicles and maybe there's a
few hundred that can be used for that.
But otherwise you need to have them out
there working for you. So I would
probably move the slider on that one
more to the left.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And then the other one I think for me is
the software and services that digital
optimist one. Elon talked about having
something ready by the end of this year.
That is something that doesn't have
manufacturing problems in terms of it
being able to scale.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; you could roll that out and have that be
a massive impact in 2027.
&gt;&gt; And that dovtales into incar inference
as well because he did say you could
have your car do your tax return, didn't
he? Where's that effect?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, ultimately.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, to me there's maybe more
infrastructure associated with that
part,
&gt;&gt; but just digital Optimus itself, again,
we don't know a whole lot about that,
but we're seeing certainly the rise of
AI agents from a number of companies,
and Elon has signaled his intention to
be a player in that market.
&gt;&gt; Uh, I thought Digital Optimus was an an
XAI product, not a Tesla product.
Well, I I think it's both. It's joint.
It's Tesla FSD combined with Grock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he did he did mention it could be
both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, basically the Mac Mini. It would
be your car computer.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, I think there's
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's that's AI in car
inference. That's what that is.
But he also
&gt;&gt; incar inference is uh profit sharing
people using their cars for inference as
a distributed network. The digital
optimist is different.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, true.
&gt;&gt; And I also he did say digital optimist
is part of Tesla because Optimus is part
of Tesla. That's how he's positioning
it.
Jeff,
&gt;&gt; what's nice about a lot of these is a
lot of the op a lot of the opex or the
R&amp;D has been is done like on semi. It's
been been number of years and now it's
done. So you you talk about that pure
profit
um play not going to be pure profit with
the semi. Obviously, there's cogs to to
manufacture them, but
this is going to be a very good uh
operating margin business for Tesla.
Robo taxis to get they get super
tactical. I I think what's happening is
what I've been saying, which is Tesla
has a mathematical model and then they
max out the number of units based on how
they believe how they see that the the
the performance of the fleet performing
to their mathematical model. And I think
with the current release, whatever it's
called, because they're probably not
running what they're probably running
ahead of us in our personal vehicles,
what they're running in robo taxis, but
whatever's happened, they've they've
appear they've reached their peak and
now they've obviously got to get the
next release out there. So, I I actually
think these big movements that we see in
Robo Taxi, the one we saw a couple of
weeks ago, coincides with them getting a
new release uh that is proven to perform
better. So, I think the fleet is waiting
for that next release and then I think
we'll see that 39 number start moving up
again. And I I like I said, I don't
think Tesla exactly knows when that
inflection point is, but they're they're
just they're just converging towards it.
Uh so it could be soon, it could be
later in the year. Um Elon's been very
clear that he wants to resolve these
convenience issues as well. So I think
the robo taxi timing I think it's
generous. Uh, and I mean I think it's
conservative what you have in there and
hopefully they're able to improve upon
it and I I also continue to believe that
the Tesla fleet size will be much larger
than anyone's by the end of the year. It
just may not be at this mass volume
level that Elon's envision which I think
is many hundreds of thousands
uh per country and millions you know in
the world. I I I think that is when we
get to this later architecture and
better performance. But so
&gt;&gt; yeah, and it's not lost to me that
they're expanding in 39 cities,
employing in 39 cities, and they've got
39 supervised cars.
&gt;&gt; It's like weird weird numbers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I wonder if you should do
that
&gt;&gt; exercise, that same chart, James, but
with profit instead of revenue because
profit will actually be much more, you
know, material to the business and it'll
happen sooner.
&gt;&gt; It's much harder to estimate profit, but
we do have margin percentages that we
can apply to that. So, yeah, a month
from now, you'll have that ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm a little shocked that your
your analysis shows that FSD, sorry,
robo taxi is already.9% 8%. That's close
to 1% already of profit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think crazy for such tiny
numbers.
&gt;&gt; It's weaved out of the financials and I
don't know how much they charge capex or
research and development to the actual
revenue offset. That's the weird thing.
So there might be some funky bookkeeping
behind the scenes like maybe the cost of
vehicle is R&amp;D or some type of other
write off. Same with the co-driver
because it would be very difficult to be
profitable with somebody sitting as a
supervisor in the passenger seat, things
like that. But anyway, these these
numbers will get far more refined as we
move forward. But remember, they've also
had over 500 robo taxis running around
California now for what, nine months now
nearly or at least six months, three
months. Remember on the the previous to
last earnings call, Elon said there's
over 500 in the Bay Area. So, and I see
them. I see them out all over the place,
even in places where they shouldn't be
outside the mapped area. So, it's very
bizarre.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you for doing all that
research, James. Always very valuable.
Let's get to the some of the news here.
We talked Tesla stock. We're gonna talk
about um Elon's and the other CEO's
visit to China CyberCap car wash and
then the you just covered the new
revenue streams. So uh Elon was in Air
Force One. Apparently it was just him
and Jensen Hong. They picked up Jensen
on in Alaska on the way. So first of all
that was interesting that it was only
the two of them of that list of CEOs
that was on Air Force One. Um beautiful
shot. I hope that they had time together
to negotiate. They're friends. They've
already struck many deals together.
They're friendnemies. There's uh
projects that Nvidia is doing that is
competitive. But at the end of the day,
I think their friendship really is
strong. Um Elon of course front and
center, one of the people that was being
introduced and the some people say that
he's the most loved CEO or certainly the
most famous one of from the Chinese
people. Uh, more photos here. Here's
Elon looking around taking videos.
Here's the list of the CEOs. And uh,
first of all, they're all CEOs exact
except for except for Meta. Um, and it's
a good list, right? I mean, you got I
mean, it's like the most powerful
business leaders joining President Trump
on the trip. Uh, in my as my kind of
understanding of how deal all works,
they're not there to negotiate and hope
that a deal happens. More likely that
they'd already pre-negotiated. and this
is ceremonial and they're about to
announce something. There's certainly
pieces that they'll have to still
finalize and that's why the CEOs go uh
and and certainly some deals can can
fall apart. I'm not saying that but I'm
just saying that for the most part I'm
expecting big news to come out and big
uh you know announcements. Elon
interestingly a lot of people are
thinking that this is when they're going
to announce that FSD is fully approved
in China. And one of the things we're
seeing is all the job postings in China,
a lot of them have the word urgent added
to it the last day. Why would they add
the word urgent to it? Uh if if they
don't uh believe that FSE is about to be
approved uh uh you know anytime soon uh
what do you guys expect out of this uh
visit?
&gt;&gt; The only logical conclusion is Herbert
they like to hire people and not have
them do anything.
No. No. Clearly they have an expectation
that that FSD approval is coming in
China. Um that makes sense that by the
way on that CEO list what I find
interesting is that CEOs of Visa and
Mastercard were on the trip. Those are
two kind of unlikely
uh CEOs. China has their own financial
system. What are they doing with Visa
and Mastercard? Anyway, that's that's a
side story. Um but it's it's encouraging
this this high level visit. It's kind of
a orchestrated choreographed thing. I
hope that there's some real good
discussions going on behind the scenes
besides some of the stuff that they've
already pre- agreed to. Um, and the
other thing I kind of wonder out loud
and I want to get everybody's reaction
on this is what do you think the odds
are of Nvidia becoming a partner in the
terab venture?
&gt;&gt; Hi. Nvidia partners with everybody
though. That's the problem. They're just
gonna they sleep around with every
single
anything that moves their partner with
them.
Um well the only
on that one
Nvidia is not a fab. So in Intel
has process
capability
and and capacity.
Uh Nvidia doesn't. So unless Elon thinks
he's going to be running into an issue
filling that thing up with demand,
then I could see it. or he thinks he's
going to run into an issue uh funding
it, then I could see him taking on
partners like Nvidia. And if you're
Nvidia, you want
you you want that uh you know, outlet
besides TSMC
and you want you want to prov you you
know, you want that competition. But um
back to the uh the China visit, I I I
think a lot of things get built up.
First off, this this visit got moved
uh from a prior period of time. I don't
think it's tied to Tesla milestones. I'm
sure if there was something to have a
conversation with. I know Elon has a
he's obviously he's met G and he has a
direct relationship with the with the
vice premiere number two. I think and
you are correct. Elon is beloved as a
CEO. I think Tim is uh Cook is well
liked but I think Elon is maybe even on
a different level there. So, they highly
respect Tesla. Here's the reason why
they're going to pull FSD through and
they're going to improve it.
China, and I I say this in the not I'm
not trying to be in a what I'm not
trying to be
say anything bad about China, but one of
the things that they do is they
recognize who's a leader or a captain of
industry. And what they try to do is
they try to bring them in and and then
they try to copy it. And when I say
copy, I mean mimic. I mean, are there
people that leave that leave the Tesla
team, the team that set up the uh where
all the data is stored? And is there
people that are doing fleet management?
Are there people that understand? I I
But I think Tesla has properly cordoned
this off. I think the FSD software is a
binary that nobody's getting into or
nobody's getting access to. I think the
hardware design is nowhere near China
for the computers. But just how do you
do this? How do you do this vision only?
Cuz that looks like it's the only
economical way to get to very wide
global expansion. How do you do it? And
I think just having Tesla there and in
the lab but not fully approved and
running is is two different things. So I
think they want to get Tesla up and go
and get a ramp. I think the government's
going to want to pull this through again
as long as it's safe because like what
Tesla did in 2019 with with uh Shanghai,
I think it's going to start a a broader
boom of autonomy in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing I would like to say as
well regarding these two, uh, when I see
I think it's Uber or Whimo or whatever
leadership, they're throwing mud at each
other now. They're fighting. The zombies
are fighting, which I find hilarious.
But when you look at Elon and Jensen,
they have the best CEO relationship in
tech. It's masterclass.
They have mutual respect. They have a
shared vision for AI. They collaborate.
They work with each other. And I think
that is the poster child of how big CEOs
should operate. So that's just all I
want to say on those two fellas.
Cooperation. Love it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And you guys uh think that the
only announcement will be FSD China's
approved. Could there be bigger deals?
Because this is why President Trump is
going there. He wants to make a splash.
He wants big deals both ways.
&gt;&gt; No. You know,
&gt;&gt; no. I don't I don't No. Wait. So, let's
be clear. President Trump did not go to
China to get FSD approved.
&gt;&gt; No. for Tesla,
&gt;&gt; nor is he involved in any of the
conversations.
&gt;&gt; Not what I said.
&gt;&gt; Not what I mean.
&gt;&gt; President Trump wants to bring all the
CEOs there because he wants to strike
big deals with China for multiple
industries both ways. Uh is Tesla's
going to just do FSE only or do you
think that there might be other
announcements?
&gt;&gt; Um I don't think so. I I don't think
Tesla needs Tesla is a has a China
entity and they they they have access to
China and China loves Tesla. The supply
base loves Tesla.
The they're well they're wellliked in
China including the the leadership in
the government. So I actually don't
think Elon needs the help. I actually
don't think the trip I think they're
close on FSD. So, if the FSD approval
comes
um and and maybe just Elon having a
conversation with the vice premere,
maybe it will help move it along. Who
knows what what what happened? But, uh
I'm not expecting actually a whole lot
unless unless this unless this trip
signals a new level of working together.
I know there were rumors on the H200 or
on Yeah. on the H200
with Nvidia, but if if there's going to
be a new level of access allowed cuz
right now we've kind of put some walls
up around AI. Um then that could be
interesting for Tesla and Optimus and
Tesla and Roboaxi. But I think Tesla's
path or robo taxi in China is through
their FSD approval. Um so we'll see. and
then look for an announcement of Tesla
and robo taxi and starting that up in
China. I mean, I think that would be the
next thing to look for after FSD.
&gt;&gt; There was a job description for a robo
taxi person uh role in China. That was
the first time we saw the word robo
taxi, not just FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Good call.
&gt;&gt; So, if we're thinking about robo taxi in
China, then you also need to think about
cyber cab production in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. are not going to import them from
the United States. They will make them
there if that happens. So that would be
part and parcel of it. Would it that be
announced
at this time? No, probably not. But it's
on my bingo card for a future
announcement.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they he announced it at Giga
Berlin. He said, "We're going to be
building cyber caps here. We're going to
be hiring more people. We're going to
build 4680s." All of that is happening.
They could make that announcement
because they would need to build a new
factory for that. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So if they were going to build the cyber
cabab, he would probably come out and
say, "We plan to build cybercab and
optimist here, he could say that like he
did with a gig at Berlin before they
actually do it."
&gt;&gt; And and by the way, building cyber cab
in China is great news for then cyber
cab and robo taxi in places like South
Korea, Australia, New Zealand, and other
import markets.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Japan.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Well, we were hoping
that a big news would be announced by
now, but uh they're still having dinner.
They're sleeping.
&gt;&gt; I think they're left. I think they've
gone already, haven't they? They're not
still in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, probably not. We'll see.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um and then cyber caps. So,
we had 70 cyber cabs seen in Giga,
Texas. Uh here's the photos. Thank you
again to Joe Tugmar. He does a fantastic
job with that. You know, the thing about
the cyber cabs in Texas or in giga Texas
uh outbound lots is you don't know if
this was two days worth of output or it
was just one day. So, I don't know if we
can read too much in it, but this is the
first time we saw 70. Usually, it's been
30. We've seen 40. Uh they're now there.
So,
anything else we can read from that? I
think they're ramping very fast. And oh,
we have our ramp expert here, Jeff,
because I in the early days it was maybe
seven a day and then 12, then 20, then
we saw one day with about 30, now we're
seeing 70. Does that look like the
typical ramp to you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, like Herbert said, we
don't know that the relative
displacement of these,
&gt;&gt; but it looks like it it it looks like
they're off and running. Um, one of the
questions I asked and it wasn't directly
answered for the earnings call is, "Do
you plan to take CyberCab to its peak
production as soon as possible?"
And it sounds like they're going to
calibrate that production rate relative
to their readiness for robo taxi
deployment, but I think they're going to
build a lot of cyber cabs in the
meantime. So, it looks like things are
going well. We don't know if there's a a
big issue or not that's gating
production.
Um, but if if the Model Y was ready for
masked unsupervised deployment, I think
the Cyber Cab would be close behind. So,
look for that. Look for that clue. But,
I think what they're doing is they're
building these things and they're
staging them in those 338 cities,
whatever the number is now. And I think
they're going to continue building and
staging, building and testing in those
cities, uh, as well. And that's the plan
just to be ready cuz like I said with
these models they don't know they could
be ready in a week or two if they have
they if they stumble upon a kind of a
big improvement uh in the in the model.
So we'll see. And again we we don't
understand
what the actual limiters are to a
th00and to 5,000. We just know that
there's this architecture change in the
future, but we don't know what numbers
are tied to that yet.
&gt;&gt; Uh Herbert, if you pull up Joe
Techmire's latest post from about 3
minutes ago, he's sharing uh images of
about 70 cyber cabs in the outbound lot
today at Giga Texas.
&gt;&gt; That's what I just showed.
&gt;&gt; Oh, just from 3 minutes ago. Is that the
most recent one? Now, I'm not sure if
some of these cyber cabs are the same
ones of yesterday or if they are new.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think most are the same as I
observed on Wednesday.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, he did grab the most recent
one. Okay.
&gt;&gt; No, I didn't grab the most recent one,
but he just his new supposed said that
these are most of the same ones that I
saw yesterday. That that actually then
proves that they sit there for multiple
days. So, just because you saw 70
doesn't mean that they made 70 one day.
They might have made 34 30.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He says, "I think most are." I
mean, yeah, we don't know for sure, but
yeah, they they may sit there for a day
or two before they're moved out.
Also, there's other photos in the
outbound lot. There is a lot of Model
Y's uh in that outbound lot as well. So,
production has ramped up on we've seen
more Cyber Trucks, we've seen Cyber
Cabs, and we've seen a lot of Model Y's.
So, it's good to see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So my uh theory and I've been
saying this and I still stick to it at
this point is that the reason that
they're uh that they are seeing them
everywhere 33 cities and all that it's
not that they're ready to roll out cyber
cabab as a robo taxi in those cities
they need to make I don't know what the
number is hundreds thousand of them put
them out there to test drive them first
of all it's a brand new vehicle they
need to test that as a vehicle itself
and then secondly test FSD you know we
had the Model Y model 3 we've had um 8
billion miles of us customers driving it
with supervised FSE to test FSE on that
form factor they need maybe a thou 10
billion now
&gt;&gt; uh right oh wow are we I can't I'm
forgetting now so that so now that you
know that's what I'm thinking that they
need these 8,000 cars driving around to
to really dial in FSE to really make
sure that that's correct that's uh
that's my theory so okay
uh cyber cabs and then this one is a
huge surprise surprise. Huge surprise.
Uh Tesla's reportedly submitted plans
for a car wash dedicated for robo taxis
in Las Vegas. A permit was filed with
Clark County just now. Describes Tesla
Center Cybercap phase 2 car wash. Uh
according to the project description,
the work involves interior and exterior
improvements to an existing facility,
including the construction of a car wash
enclosure, relocation of tire service
equipment, and the installation of power
raceways. This seems to suggest that
Tesla's building a fullervice
maintenance hub specifically designed to
handle the unique needs of an autonomous
fleet. This facility is massive and
thank you to not a Tesla app. He says
it's 36,000 square feet.
I'm trying to figure out how big that
is.
The I think I just asked AI can hold 60
cars at once.
&gt;&gt; It can't be right. But
&gt;&gt; so
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Does anybody have a a good idea
how big 36,000 square feet is? 3,600
square meters and should be able to hold
60 cars.
Yeah, I've built I just I just go off
for relative factory sizes. I've built
it's a decent size. Um it's not
enormous. It's not small. Um, but these
are all the things, the ancillary things
that have to be done to run
&gt;&gt; a fleet like this. Clean them inside,
outside, tires, all the, you know,
windshield wiper. Like there's all this
and I'm sure Tesla
has a way to understand tread life
through
um force responses from each each wheel.
So, I'm assuming that they can actually
determine tread life autonomously from
the car. Same with uh the wiper blade
and its life based uh based on the
friction and the speed of movement of
the wiper blade across the camera set.
So there's a lot of things this is this
is really built for autonomy
and
every everyone else that's doing this is
really still in manual mode and it's
just not going to scale well. I think
this is really well thought of and
advanced. I know we all wanted here
today, but there's no reason to have a
car wash when you don't have the
software yet that you want to run the
vehicles um autonomously at scale, but I
think all this stuff has been thought of
pretty well in advance. And I think it's
going to be
it's going to be benchmarked when it's
out there and it's scaled.
Again, I think this is a good thing to
see. They're obviously planning on
building a pretty significant fleet in
Las Vegas and every other city that they
enter. I do think there's a missed
opportunity here. They could put the car
washes in the boring boring company
tunnels, have it all underground, make
it part of the trip, but perhaps that'll
come in the future.
&gt;&gt; That's the outside. This is like inside
as well. It's going to be all automated.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. The other thing we need to
see is we need to see this wireless
charger
&gt;&gt; uh usage ramp up. I don't see it at all.
Like when they get parked in these
outbound lots, they should be getting
parked over wireless chargers and
charging the battery. And I don't know
why we can't see that at the factory
right now. Uh so if you said like, "Hey,
are you concerned about anything?" I'm
concerned about that for expansion. We
should be seeing that now and we're not.
Um so I'm not worried about the numbers
yet getting, you know, what do we have
close to 40? I still think we're waiting
for that next release. I'm I am worried
about um wireless charging. I don't I
don't know how how big they can scale
this with people having to manually
charge these.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, well, I think one thing we
don't know, uh imagine the cadence of
cleaning
that probably will coincide with the
cadence of charging. So, they can do
both at the same time. Like I I know,
but it used to be I remember being in
New York Cavs in the '9s and they were
the dirtiest, most disgusting things and
they were running 24/7, especially
during snow and stuff. But I'd imagine
Tesla will keep these things super
clean. But maybe they just need to be
cleaned once every 8 or 12 hours. And
the battery will last long enough to run
around a city for 300 miles, 400 miles,
500 miles, who knows? Um, so maybe the
induction charging might not be
required. They do have all the bells and
whistles ready to go for that, but just
not the infrastructure. And that's
another part of the opex. And when you
think about all of these challenges, the
way we're looking at it, how do other
providers survive,
you know, like Whimo,
&gt;&gt; etc. So, it's
&gt;&gt; they don't have this.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, this permit was found as filed
in Las Vegas, but it's curious that it's
Las Vegas. Uh, maybe there is a permit.
We just haven't discovered it yet in
Austin. But I'm maybe as the assumption
is that maybe you guys think it's
actually in Giga, Texas. That's where
they're going to use it and they're
going to build it first there anyways.
And then once they understand how that
works, then they'll recopy it in in Las
Vegas. Um I noticed by the way of of the
39 cities there was a predominance of
very red states. You know, the
Floridaas, the Neadas, I and of the I
think Sparks Nevada is in the 39 as well
as Vegas. So a lot in Texas, of course,
they're going to dominate Texas. Is this
because they have more favorable
regulations, less liability for these
states?
Jeff, CERN, Herbert, what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Like for people hoping for a Washington
state roll out, will that happen? Like
when I look at the 39 cities, they're
all Bellev Washington, which is the city
that's near ME is one of the on the
list.
but nothing like the concentration of
other sunb belt cities. So CERN, you
seem to have a thought on this.
&gt;&gt; Well, it certainly seems to be easier in
some of the places you mentioned and
there's very good autonomous legislation
already on the books in those states.
Um, I think we can look to kind of Whimo
as the, you know, they're pushing the
envelope and so Tesla can follow in
their footsteps for the most part if
they want to.
Um although there's obviously some
different issues they face maybe in
different states like California. Um
they will get there and of course
federal legislation will help whenever
that comes.
But in the meantime there's plenty of
expansion capacity in the cities that
you just mentioned, the states you
mentioned, Florida, Texas, Arizona,
Nevada.
You could you could scale up your fleets
massively in those states.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
done with car washes.
&gt;&gt; Let's go. So, uh, one thing I talked to
Larry Goldberg about last week is he
said that when Tesla or when SpaceX goes
IPO, just just SpaceX separate company
goes IPO, he believes Tesla's stock will
also pop 10 15%. Even though two
separate companies, just the halo
effect. And uh the news we hear now is
SpaceX IPO prospectus could hit as soon
as next week. This is it. Um
yeah, the road show slated for June 8th
per CNBC. This would be the largest IPO,
but uh we're going to see the prospectus
next week. So if this happens, what do
you guys think, James? Is that is that
&gt;&gt; well you know it's coming close because
if you look at Echoar stock it's just
going up and you know the new alltime
high today 138 bucks. So yeah it's
coming fast and uh I think mid June is
was the time expected and they're not
sitting on their hands. So yeah. Do you
think it'll affect Tesla stock or
&gt;&gt; Oh,
this is the confusion and I you know I
know that the the Tesla tubers are all
fighting amongst each other right now
about this. I don't think there's going
to be a Tesla SpaceX merger and I don't
think people are going to sell their
Tesla stock to rotate into SpaceX.
SpaceX is a 2029 2030 plus story. The
biggest TAM tackled right now is by
Tesla going after humanoids and
self-driving cars, cyber cabs. That's
the story for now. Plus, when you look
at the relative valuations, why would
you sell a cheaper asset with a larger
TAM for one that's already fairly
valued?
Doesn't make sense to me. So, but I'm I
seem to be the only one standing on this
pedestal from the very beginning. I do
have some SpaceX exposure, but nothing
like my Tesla exposure. Um I think when
I look at logic and sometimes there is
no logic in markets you would have to
think the synergy if SpaceX I think
it'll come out of the gate at 2.2
trillion and that will have a halo
effect which will also inflate the price
of Tesla because anybody who can add two
and two together knows that the money
they raise from the IPO will be used for
terapab which of course Tesla with
Optimus and Zargav is a huge beneficiary
down the line too. So, it it's the whole
debate right now is nonsense. And maybe
I'm just stupid missing something, but I
don't see any rotation from Tesla to
SpaceX at all post IPO. If anything,
it'll inflate the Tesla stock price.
Does anybody here agree with me?
&gt;&gt; I do.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there you go. High five.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I don't I don't see that.
I mean, look, I think we're answering.
You know, there's 10 million Tesla
shareholders, I think, by some
estimates. So, it's hard to provide an
answer. You're kind of just looking and
thinking in majority and and masses. And
I don't think there's going to be some
mass move for the reasons you
prescribed, as well as taxes, too. I
mean, you have to take a a tax hit in
order to to do that. So, I mean, most
cases. So yeah, I don't see that
happening. And mass sure could it happen
in an isolated fashion? Sure, anything
could happen. We're we're again cross 10
million investors. Anything could
happen. But I think there could be some
positive and pin action related to
SpaceX, its IPO and Tesla. There's there
is a lot of concern in markets as
there's just a huge need for liquidity
with these large IPOs coming and where
is it going to come from and I think
it's really hard to understand I'd love
to hear CERN's um thoughts on this. I
think it's just really hard to
understand the answer to these questions
because there's so much money in it
could be money markets, it could be in
in all different kinds of instruments.
And to say that there's not enough
liquidity, I don't know how you say
that. All I can say is it's going to
take a lot of liquidity in the market
when these things come in.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh but I I like where it's going to come
from. It's going to come from here. It's
going to come off the sidelines. It's
going to come from other stocks. I think
that's hard to say.
&gt;&gt; Yes. and and to to double tap into that
as well, Jeff. There's 8 trillion in
money market accounts sitting there.
There's also things like the SAS
apocalypse happening and there will be a
big sucking sound, but it's going to be
out of things that do not have a bright
future into things like SpaceX and Tesla
and the world is slowly waking up to it.
So,
&gt;&gt; over to you sir.
&gt;&gt; Good point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's interesting. I will both
agree and disagree with you James just
for the sport of it.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um just in terms
&gt;&gt; because you can think out of both sides
of your brain. Correct.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And I like to do that. I
like I enjoy getting attacked online, so
I do this all the time.
&gt;&gt; Wait, CERN's brain is square. He says
there's m two sides or it's circular.
&gt;&gt; Left and right.
&gt;&gt; It looks pretty circle at me.
&gt;&gt; It's probably square. Um, so just in
terms of, you know, SpaceX sucking
capital away from Tesla. That may happen
for some investors. I've talked to many
investors who plan to to sell some. Many
investors are already positioned, as
James mentioned, as another company that
you can buy today and get SpaceX
exposure. There are many investors I've
talked to that already own SpaceX. Some
of them actually are excited to to trim
that and sell down. So there's all kinds
of different crossurrens going and I
don't know that we can sit here and say
this one thing is going to dominate.
What is interesting I think is there's
going to be a lot of institutional
buyers uh particularly uh funds that
want to more closely track an index
whether they're true index funds or not.
There are many actively managed
portfolios that try to hue as closely to
an index as they can or preposition
themselves for that. So in that case
they may not be selling Tesla to buy
SpaceX. They may be selling some of
everything else
&gt;&gt; in their portfolio.
&gt;&gt; And also the people and the people that
really matter as well CERN they've got
lots of margin they can tap into. they
can tap into their margin on their lowc
cost basis equity in Tesla
&gt;&gt; to buy SpaceX. So that that's what the
logic mind would do. But you know, Jeff
mentioned a very good point. The tax
drag on selling lowcost stock is
massive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So unless you're conversations with
clients that have, you know, maybe a
large position on Microsoft and they're
they're happily going to trim that and
buy some SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; They they're not considering selling any
of their Tesla stock.
&gt;&gt; Apple shareholders, too.
&gt;&gt; Apple shareholders and so on. So,
there's going to be all kinds of things
going on in terms of the the the the
issue between people online about this
merger. Um,
I can argue all day long that Tesla has
a bright future. And I've done plenty of
videos with Herbert and others about how
big the future is for Tesla. My thoughts
have not changed. But I can also make an
argument that SpaceX is a very special
asset that may not be fully appreciated
by everybody because the information
about SpaceX is not as much out there as
it is for Tesla. You don't have
Herbert of SpaceX yet, right? And other
people the coverage of SpaceX is not
nearly as great, although I think it
will be in short order. And certainly
when this perspectus comes out, we're
going to have a whole lot more
information with which to educate
ourselves on. And I do hold out some
possibility that SpaceX is such a unique
asset that it's a oneofone company.
There is no other. Now Tesla's kind of a
one-of-one company too, but SpaceX even
more so. And so when investors are
looking towards the future, they can see
a big bright future for SpaceX. Now, it
may be true that Tesla can monetize its
assets quicker, but that doesn't mean
that SpaceX stock is not going to do
well just because the revenue doesn't
come for a year or two later.
And I'm hearing a lot of Tesla investors
making statements about SpaceX. And I
highly doubt that they have taken the
time to understand SpaceX as well as
they understand Tesla. And again, I'm
not finding fault with them. I'm just
saying that that right now is not
possible to do.
We don't have the data on SpaceX that we
do for Tesla. I can't build the same
kind of model for SpaceX right now that
I can for Tesla. And hopefully in short
order, I will be able to.
So, you know, again, holding two
opposing thoughts in my mind, Tesla has
this amazing bright future, but I don't
necessarily agree with the narrative
that Tesla for sure is going to
outperform SpaceX going forward for the
next year or two. I don't think we we
know enough to be able to say that.
So I also agree with you James that I do
not think that uh Tesla investors are
going to sell Tesla stock to get into
the SpaceX stock significantly. It will
happen. It'll be short term. If you
think about the logic people aren't more
Tesla people saying that Tesla is just
about to pop because roboaxis is about
to roll out and SpaceX is a longer
story. If that's the case, why would
they do this except for short term? They
want to uh appreciate it. But guess
what? A lot of those people had already
got in earlier through SBVS, private
funds, Echolar, as you said, CERN, those
are the ones who really want to see the
pop. And guess what? The pop has
actually happened already, right? We're
we're now thinking this thing's going to
go to 1.8 trillion, 1.75 trillion, and
then pop to 2.2 trillion on that day.
That's what the betting markets are
saying. And then then there's this logic
inconsistency which is you know that
people will uh will want to stay in
SpaceX. Again back to this concept of
it's robo taxi that's about to go. So I
don't see it happening. I agree with uh
Larry that if anything if SpaceX goes
IPO Tesla stock will pop even if they do
not announce or that if if if
the announcement doesn't if it's not if
you don't believe that there's a merger
going to happen they would still have a
carry-on impact to Tesla going up and if
you do believe that a merger is imminent
or that they will announce it sometime
in 3 6 months later and then that an
actual emerger will happen next year. If
you believe that that's going to happen,
then if you own Tesla stock, why bother
selling it? Just hold on to it. It will
grow up and
gain or lose in lock step with each
other anyway. So,
yeah, we can debate whether or not we
think that there's going to be merge or
not. Um, and whether or not it's it's a
all that debate, but that's a separate
topic we can save later.
What we do know is that this is going to
be the biggest IPO of all time. It's
going to be massively hyped. It's going
to be overhyped and also underhyped in
in many ways. It's going to make it very
confusing for a lot of people. Uh the
stock action could be crazy because
we've never seen a situation like this
where index funds can buy in so soon
after the IPO.
Um and and the lockups will be uh you
know shorter than historically. So this
is a big experiment and it's going to be
fascinating to watch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ron Baron was on TV recently and
he was interviewed and it was shocking
what he said. He said that after the
SpaceX IPOs somewhere in midJune, 5 days
later they will be in in in uh accepted
into an index fund. 5 days later after
that another index fund and 5 days later
after that another index fund. three
index funds within 15 days. This is
unheard of. What does that mean? That
means that after the IPO, maybe it pops
a day. Usually, most other companies,
they fall, nothing's holding them up.
Here you got index funds which are
forced to buy, forced to buy, forced to
buy, and then they have changed the
lockup period for the the people who
already own SpaceX to also not have to
wait 6 months. So, they will be able to
sell, but they do it gradually as well.
So that's what they've done is they've
basically allowed you to sell. You don't
have to wait the first six months, but
they only allow certain amounts of
people can sell at certain amount of
dates. So this is perfectly timed. If
this is true, it'll have support for at
least the first month and then maybe
it'll fall after that, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is an IPO launch in many
ways. Um the stock may launch as well,
not not just the the listing, but the
stock price. Um, remember what happened
when when Tesla was announced? It was
added to the S&amp;P.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's one of the the best trading days of
all time for Tesla. So, it's going to be
really interesting to see how how this
is handled. And of course, the float
with SpaceX is pretty small public
float. So, that's going to potentially
exacerbate this problem even more. You
know, unless Elon's going to be selling
some of his shares, which I doubt, it's
going to be hard to source enough enough
shares for the index funds to buy.
All right. Well, that is what's
happening next week. Um, so Piper
Sandler, Alex Potter, um, released a
note, a very detailed, uh, report. We,
uh, are going to have him on join
Cyberbulls
sometime in the next 3 weeks and then
Alexander will be there. Uh, she helped
arrange that, uh, show. So he came out
and he said that he believes that at the
current stock price, Tesla's stock price
at $400 a share, of course, it's not
there anymore, but when he did that
report on Monday, he said at $400 a
share, Tesla's getting uh shareholders
are getting Optimus for free, meaning
they're not pricing in Optimus at all.
Um so his short term, he's very bullish.
He his price target is $500 for Tesla
stock. But then and if you look out his
report, which we'll cover in detail, but
he believes there's FSE licensing
sometime. He believes that automakers
will buy Tesla cars, Tesla hardware. Uh
he believes robo taxi will take off, but
his dates are pushed off uh 2030, 2040,
those kind of dates, but still they're
in his report. Uh what's your thoughts
on that, James? Did you see that report
and thinking about Yeah. What's your
What was your reaction to it? It's
impressive.
So, you know, we're seeing a flood of
Wall Street analysts kind of waking up
to the value propositions here. There'd
be a lot more, but still some are still
way off. Um, and I'm very glad he'd be
on Cyber Pools, too.
&gt;&gt; Yep. J, what do you think? Uh, Jeeoff
&gt;&gt; of of his give his call or
&gt;&gt; Yep.
I
I think it's fine to not necessarily
have Optimus in yet, but I I think it's
really hard to say what amount of the
robo taxi business is really accounted
for. We know something's in there. We
just don't know if the full extent of it
is. It's probably not the full extent of
it at this point. I I just think these
analyst price targets to me never
there's a couple of analysts that are
kind of ahead of and like they tend to
be on the right side of this and they're
slightly a little bit more bullish and
there's ones that are just kind of way
behind or chasing. Um, but I don't I
don't think it's irrational at this
point because Tesla's really gone quiet
on Optimus. Um, except for announcing
their their factory plans, which I think
analysts should take very seriously
coming from Tesla. I would take the
Tesla's manufacturing plans more serious
than any other thought manufacturer.
But the question is, is everything else
going to be ready? Is the supply chain
is the inbound supply chain coming in?
Is the AI going to be ready? And I think
those are the bigger question marks.
There are some interesting things from
my perspective, Herbert, when I look at
his numbers. Um, he's got FSD
subscriptions uh ramping up, but really
starting it to ramp in 2028, 2029.
He's got, you know, 900 million of FFTD
subscription revenue in 2027 to 1.8
billion. So, a doubling in 2028. and
then going to 4.1 billion. So more than
a double in that year. And my question
would be, well, why why is that so far
out at this point?
Um, and so that would be something
interesting. And then it's got it more
than doubling again in 2030 and then
more than doubling again in 2031. So
he's he has high expectations for the
growth of FSD subscriptions.
Um, he's got mega pack mega block
growing steadily. No, no really big sort
of year-over-year. and he's actually
kind of got it stagnating actually for
the next few years. Uh he's got revenue
this year of 9.7 billion and it's not
getting above 12 billion until 2030.
Um that's not consistent I think with
what we've heard from the company. Now
maybe he's expecting some serious
pricing pressure in that market and that
that's potentially the case. So you
might get volume growth but you might be
hurt on pricing. Um, and then the other
thing I think I found interesting was u
the, uh, Tesla insurance numbers that he
has. Uh, he's got that at a at a 1.2 uh,
1.6 billion business this year. And then
by 2035, it's like 26 billion. Massive
growth for Tesla insurance. And I'd be
curious as to what's behind that. And
and his 2045 number is like almost $300
billion in Tesla insurance. A massive
massive business.
and he's got that growing kind of at the
same time as robo taxi scaling. And to
me, if you get to this point where robo
taxi is eating into car ownership, then
what does that do for the Tesla
insurance business? So, I'd love to hear
his thesis on all that. And then, of
course, in this model that this the shot
that I have of the revenue, he doesn't
have his Optimus numbers, which I'm
curious to hear about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's a good point
regarding the insurance. Maybe
I I doubt they're smart enough to do
this, but maybe they're focusing on
people running their own cyber cab
fleets, robo taxi fleets, and they'd be
selling the insurance to those customers
as well, like a buy package.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's also got growth in solar,
which is good to see, but it's kind of
going from nothing to about a 12 billion
business and then flatlining.
Maybe I think Elon probably has higher
designs than that on that business, but
you know, Solar has kind of been the
ugly stepchild for a long time now. Um,
so anyway, it's going to be interesting
to have a conversation with them and
kind of pick through their thought
process with all these business lines.
&gt;&gt; And James, when I saw this and he's
showing this these 17 discrete business
lines, I think of your of your 18 and
his would be 18, too, if he included
Optimus on the chart.
&gt;&gt; So, you're you're in sync with him
there.
&gt;&gt; I think we're all in sync. It's
fascinating. Wonder what's next.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he'll have to add Optimus, but
they they've all decided not to add it
for now.
&gt;&gt; I guess until you see an actual product,
uh, version three and then maybe some
pilot studies. Apparently, by the way,
Tesla has been hiring data collection
operators for Optimus in I don't know
how many I can't remember, but 12 Tesla
offices and factories. So, that seems to
indicate they're in line with what Elon
was saying that they would have, I don't
know, 5,000 optimists that would be
being trained in Tesla offices and
factories. That seems to be something
that uh they're hiring for them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And on that too, there was an
interesting takeaway. I read it
somewhere. I can't find it right now,
but they'll be tracking them carrying 30
pounds around all day long.
&gt;&gt; So, they're really stress testing these
Optimus robots, too, with realworld
situations. And I don't know if anybody
here has tried to carry 30 lbs around
all day. That's beyond human levels. You
can do it for a short moment of time,
but try carry 30 lb of shopping bags up
the stairs or around for 10 hours. It's
impossible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Unless you're a smart
&gt;&gt; accelerating the the stress testing of
the actuators, maybe the knees and the
hands, the elbows.
&gt;&gt; Exactly right. That's exactly right.
Herbert, it's interesting too when you
think about Wall Street analysts
including Optimus or not. You know Tesla
now has taken down the SNX. They've
stopped production on SNX line. They're
starting now to replace that with the
Optimus line to make a million. They'll
have a capacity for a million robots. So
there's a concrete step the company's
taking. You can also now visually see
ground being broken and more than that
foundation being laid for an Optimus
factory at Giga Texas.
At what point do the Wall Street
analysts say, "Okay, this is becoming
real. I need to start thinking about
this." And maybe they totally sandbag
the numbers. Just like Alex has done
here with with I think some of these
other businesses that we just talked
about. So why why is Optimus Zero that
that's an interesting question. And what
will it take for Wall Street analysts to
begin even including just a little bit
of revenue,
right? Even if they say, you know,
Optimus says we have low expectations
and Optimus is going to be, you know, a
five billion dollar business in 2035.
Okay, fine. At least put it in your
model. Put something in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but they haven't even done that yet to
not the decision to not model it versus
just not model it for 26.
&gt;&gt; That is a great question.
I mean we asked uh
uh
Brett Winston no um Arch Invest directly
Larry and I that question and then they
also invested in the small startups. Uh
so they obviously believe that robotics
archinvest believes that robotics is a
real business and they invested in them
but they wouldn't put they haven't yet
put optimist and the answer was that
it's coming it's coming that they're
working on those research papers right
now and then they will be putting it in.
I think they're waiting for my guess is
that they're waiting for an inflection
point in the robo taxi business and then
they'll put that in. But uh
&gt;&gt; it's interesting, isn't it? Because they
were early to talk about robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; And now kind of dragging their heels on
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And yet there's concrete signs that
Tesla's moving forward with Optimus in a
massive way.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And in fact, when we look at what
Figure is doing, it's pretty impressive.
Although I I did watch that figure live
demo video. It spent about three or a
minute or so trying to turn this one
package over and it just couldn't grab
it because it still has a claw and it
doesn't have the um actuators in the
wrist in the forearm. It has it in the
hand which is a weakness which means
it'll always be a domestic robot unlike
Optimus carrying 30 pounds around. And
that's what a lot of people miss. They
think oh figure is going to kill
Optimus. It's like it's a different use
case, you know, domestic use, maybe
turning packages over versus industrial
use. So people forget that.
&gt;&gt; I just think the TAM is so big, it's you
can have a lot of different competitors.
I actually think there's very few
capable companies. I think every company
has a gigantic question mark against it,
including Figure. Uh no, I mean nothing
against what they've done to date. I
think it is impressive, but the to have
to to put there's a couple of gauntlets
that robotics have to pass through to
get the real scale. And it is a
different animal to building a couple of
these in a lab versus saying the
industry has to go from a 100,000 to a
million to a billion. Those are those
are different things. And if you haven't
been through that, um, it's it'll be
excruciating.
And I don't think they're all going to
figure it out. Remember, it's that truth
table of like two or three things have
to be true. You have to have the AI
brain. You have to have the right
product as James was talking about, and
you have to have the manufacturing
capability and the supply chain to build
it. And I think very few companies are
going to check all three.
&gt;&gt; And and you need them all at scale.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Scale, scale, scale. You know,
whoever has the most compute is going to
be the leader in AI. That's what Elon is
doing. He's trying to build the most
compute as possible, including
space-based AI data centers. The one who
can build the most bots, the most bots.
We're talking, you know, there's a
difference between one company that can
make 10,000 bots and another company
that makes a million. uh Brett Adcock
himself kind of pointed out a important
nuance that you need to understand that
that you know when they trained the bot
to try to do uh one of the tasks which
is put away groceries into a
refrigerator he did that he said there
was a 60% success rate 40% failure rate
but then later separately they trained
that bot the bots to put away groceries
into a cupboard then they redid them
trying to put away groceries into the
refrigerator that automatically that
made it go up to 80% success rate. So by
training them on doing something
completely different well I mean let's
not say it's completely different but a
separate task makes them better at a
particular task. And so then and then of
course by the way when one is trained
all bots that you make have that skill
now right automatically. So the idea
being that if you can make a million
bots and all of them doing all sorts of
different things, some one of them is
trying to practice doing needle work,
another one is playing tennis, those
skills make your bots accelerate its uh
capabilities better than the ones who
only have 10,000 bots versus one who had
million. Now I maybe my my scale might
be wrong. Maybe 10,000 is, you know,
gets you 80% there. I don't know. But
certainly the more bots the more skilled
and then of course price goes down cost
goes down and then you got the smartest
bot the most skilled with the lowest
price then that business model is better
than others and you can make and you can
sell so you're making money others can't
and that's the race
&gt;&gt; it's the ver vertical integration the
brains the hands and the manufacturing
at scale nobody can touch Tesla in these
regards nobody and it's I must say it's
very impressive that Brett Iok can make
50 a day. Can you imagine what Tesla
would be able to make? That was the
single stat that blew me away. If he in
his little shop, you know, cluji with a
lot of manual people putting stuff
together can make 50 a day. Can you
imagine what an automated line can do?
Over to Jeff.
Did you find that stunning? That figure
can make 50 a day now or was it 50?
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't I don't I don't think
that's even the number. Um but there
Yeah. Well, yeah. So, maybe it's half
that roughly. James, I I
um No, I don't find the pre-production
I you you could you can spoof uh
pre-production a bit. You know, if
you're if you're wellunded,
uh I'm not saying they are, by the way.
I'm just saying that you I'm not I'm not
The pre-production numbers are one
thing. And we don't know the capability.
Like we don't are these passing the
figure production spec? If they were,
they'd probably be in full-on
production. So, the answer is probably
no, not yet.
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and then and then how much material
had to be started to produce the one per
day? I don't know the answer to that.
How long is it taking
uh at each station? What's the station
efficiency? All these things factor into
the the cost equation. They're certainly
making progress. I'm not I'm not one of
these people. It's like it's only going
to be Tesla, but I actually think it's
only going to be a few that make a
really I think a lot of companies are
going to advertise that they're making a
bot, but I think there's only going to
be a few that make a useful bot that can
actually get to scale and and be AI
driven uh for a period of time. I think
in five to 10 years that will grow but
for the next five years or so I think
it's going to be a very small number uh
that are successful and a big number
that are going to try and a big number
that are going to announce just like EV
remember when EV everybody was
announcing I'm doing an EV I'm going to
I'm going to do this I'm going to change
my whole portfolio to EV I'm going to do
all these things and now what do we see
every day drip drip drip I'm caning I'm
not going I'm I'm pulling I'm not doing
this I'm not doing that and you're going
to see that too with with response. Oh,
we're not seeing the growth and people
aren't I mean, I hope we don't hear
that, but you could, believe it or not.
Uh, it depends what narrative the media
is going to uh allow. So, anyway, I
think it's I think we're in for a wild
ride. I think Figure is making good
progress. You shouldn't be looking at
these videos. I mean, I think you should
have a critical eye, but you should look
at the relative progress. that they're
willing to live stream this thing for 24
hours. They weren't willing to live
stream it 6 months ago over 24 hours.
So, it's a they are making some decent
relative progress. Uh, and I think
they'll be a player in this, but I I I'm
still thinking everybody's in this
hundreds and thousands mode and we're
going to have to be in this millions
mode and not everybody makes that.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, just on the figure demo,
I mean, I real kudos to Figure for doing
this. The original plan was to live
stream this for eight hours. They kept
going. They did 24. They're still live
streaming. We're now over 50 hours.
Okay. And the robot now has sorted over
63,000 packages during that time.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow.
&gt;&gt; There's a team of of four different
robots.
Um and and Brett Edco this morning has
said that they're going to run that
until there's a point of failure. So the
purpose of the test now is to see how
long this can go. Again, kudos to Figure
for doing this. I don't think as a Tesla
shareholder you should be necessarily
threatened by this or worried about, oh,
is Figure ahead? Is Tesla behind? If if
Figure is ahead, this is great for
Tesla. This is going to spur them to do
what they have to do. I'm not really
worried about that, but that's a lot of
the comments I get when people see
videos from Figure. Oh my gosh, they're
they're ahead of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Figure success, by the way, is good for
Tesla. this whole industry they need it
needs to be competitive situation and I
love the fact that figure is doing this
&gt;&gt; I appreciate why maybe Tesla does not
want to if they feel that they've got
something in the robot that they don't
want copied fine I get it but this is
actually a really nice demo we've been
asking for this kind of demo for a long
time an autonomous robot doing work for
a long period of time and here we have
it and this is great and they're going
to run this now until it fails
&gt;&gt; yeah there there is no competition
between human or robot companies against
each other until my estimate let's say
seven years 10 years away until until
they're both multiple companies are over
100 million bots each.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Will they then rub against each other
going hey customer sell to me instead of
you or you going to choose them instead
of me? No. There's so many customers out
there that you will not have a battle
until you are each able to make you know
I don't know what the number is 50
million 100 million bots each and then
you'll see each other as competitive in
a marketplace. The market is so big it's
like saying you know I'm going to go
sailing and you're sailing and there's
the ocean's massive we're not going to
be you know taking each other's
territory for a long time.
&gt;&gt; Correct. So, you're saying that the the
Herbert bot and the CERNbot can coexist?
&gt;&gt; I that one I don't think so, buddy. No,
just no. My bot will kill your bot.
&gt;&gt; Kill.
Kill.
&gt;&gt; Now we're saying your true nature,
Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Wait. So, the Herbert bot does evil.
&gt;&gt; It's my It's my counter. It's my alter
ego, right? That's like, you know,
&gt;&gt; it gets to do things I don't do.
&gt;&gt; See, right now Herbert has agents doing
work for him. Soon, those agents are
going to be in humanoid form. Yes. And
what will they do?
&gt;&gt; You know, the I have a bunch of agents
doing work for me, but the funny thing
is I feel like I'm the one doing work
for them. Like I'm always like the human
in the loop is the one that like, oh,
damn it. I have to like get in there and
say something like just leave me alone,
dude.
&gt;&gt; It's like being a parent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Too much work. Um, fantastic
conversation, James. Always you you do a
lot of research and you put you put the
data together and you share it with us.
Uh that was very illuminating the profit
uh spreadsheet the chart that you put
together that was great and then CERN of
course puts in a lot of effort and then
Jeff the knowledge is unique out there
we're very fortunate appreciate
everybody follow us uh subables and then
like we said uh we're going to have Alex
Potter join us in the three weeks see
you soon be awesome buddy
two weeks. Yep. See you.