Channel:     electrified
Title:       This Will (Actually) Change Everything: Elon Is Crazy ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9ZhZZKegLE
Published:   2026-10-10 00:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-10 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. So yes, I know the title of
this video is a big claim, but I am
convinced this is the most interesting
storyline at Tesla right now. And all
year we've been talking ad nauseium
about robo taxis and Optimus. And yes,
it's for good reason. But what's
happening or not happening with digital
optimists has huge implications not just
for Tesla but for SpaceX but for
physical optimist for basically every
business across the globe and
potentially for you and I for everything
that has to do with how we interface
with all of our devices. So getting
right into it because I have a lot of
ground I want to cover today. August
11th this year, Farzod said, "Grockbot
is digital Optimus." But Elon replied to
that one day later saying, "Digital
Optimus is different. It's real time
video human emulation." So, here's your
proof. Just under 2 months ago, Elon was
clearly indicating Digital Optimus is
still a program that is separate from
Grockbot. And yes, don't worry. I will
explain the technical differences of
these two projects later in the video,
but much more to cover first. We find
more evidence that Digital Optimus is
still a real project on the Tesla
careers page. As of today, there are
four active listings for Digital
Optimus. A machine learning engineer for
realtime games, a senior data center
architecture and integration engineer,
an AI engineer for computer use agents,
and a reinforcement learning engineer
for policy. The first one, as an ML
engineer on this digital optimist gaming
track, you'll develop real-time agents
that operate computers at superhuman
levels. Your models will learn to browse
the web, use professional apps, and play
AAA games. This work covers reasoning
and planning, video understanding, and
multi-agent collaboration, and will
directly impact Tesla's larger robotics
and autonomy ecosystem. This role will
work on experiments to improve long
horizon agentic gameplay with a focus on
memory and real-time control and to
design architectures with efficient
context management, real-time reactivity
and intelligent planning capable of
independently completing tasks over many
days. The data center architecture
engineer will be building the most
advanced realtime AI compute platform on
the planet at the lowest possible cost.
And this role will carry out numerous
tasks that all define how we deploy
hypers scale real time AI systems at
Tesla. Throughout the video, I want you
to pay attention to how much the
emphasis is placed on real time for
Digital Optimus because when you really
boil it down, that's one of the
fundamental differences between Digital
Optimus and Grockbot. And next, the
computer use role. This posting says
Tesla's approach to agentic computer use
is modeled after realtime control
policies rather than screenshotbased VLM
agents. VLM stands for vision language
model with the larger goal of
integrating with Tesla's broader AI
ecosystem for autonomy and robotics. So
think about anytime you send an image
with a prompt to a model, think of a
vision language model. This is
effectively how Grockbot is operating
today. when it uses the virtual machine
in the cloud for computer use. So yes,
Grockbot has connectors, which is a
separate operation. But when a built-in
connector for something like Gmail does
not exist, that's when Grockbot goes
this cloud-based virtual machine route.
Going that way, Grockbot will basically
take a screenshot of the computer
screen, send it off to one of these
VLMs. It will analyze the coordinates of
that screenshot and carry out the
action, whether it's typing text or
clicking a button. It will execute that
task and then send back the result and
then repeat that process all again using
screenshots every step of the way. So,
it's really a static process. But very
clearly, Tesla is planning to have
digital optimists do something different
than that process. And this role will
design and implement novel AI agents for
computer use using imitation and
reinforcement learning to enable tasks
like autonomous software interaction,
code generation, and real time
decision-making. And if this all sounds
a bit familiar, it's because yes, a lot
of this fundamental framework is the
same thing Tesla has been using for FSD.
And guys, it's sitting right under our
noses here. this bullet point right
here. Collaborate across research,
infrastructure, and production teams to
integrate agent systems into Tesla's
autonomy and robotics platforms such as
full self-driving and Optimus. And the
last role will be responsible for making
these computer use agents more reliable,
capable, and autonomous. And this person
will build reinforcement learning
pipelines that turn real agent
interaction data, things like screen
observations, actions, and outcomes into
continuous policy improvements. And when
you hear policy in this context, just
think of the decision-making framework.
For example, for Tesla's FSD after
version 12, when it went fully endtoend
neural nets, you can think of the policy
for FSD as that neural network. It's the
thing that's responsible for the
decision-making framework for the
vehicles. So, yes, obviously, physical
Optimus is going to need one of these
policies as well. And yes, digital
Optimus will too. But I have to admit,
in my research for this video, things
get confusing because four roles for a
job that is probably intended for
massive scale does have me thinking
there's at least a chance this digital
optimist does not ultimately pan out.
And it might still be in the early days.
And before I go any further, I do want
to make it very clear things are
happening and changing so quickly in
this agentic world with compute and the
software that there is a world where
Grockbot and Digital Optimus might
ultimately merge or digital optimist
just fades away and some of those
learnings are effectively rolled into
Grockbot or Grobot's technology advances
faster than the teams think rendering
Digital Optimus less relevant. So, I
just want to be clear based on what we
know right now, there is plenty of
uncertainty with this digital optimist
program. And before we really dive in, I
do want to share a tool for you Tesla
stock investors. Let's say
hypothetically I have a target stock
price for Tesla of $450. My budget is
$10,000, and I'd be considering an
expiration roughly 35 days from now. If
I thought something was going to happen,
I'd adjust the slider toward max
profitability and instantly I have a
potential option that would fit what I'm
looking for. I can click more
information and directly in the Mumu
app, you can learn all about all of
these different types of options. It
will simply explain all of the key
terms. It'll walk you through specific
examples and much more. And this tool
and far more are available in Mumu, the
sponsor of this video. So, right here in
the mumu engine on the strategy lab, I
can choose how I feel about Tesla stock,
giving my sentiment, and it'll help
guide me to some potential strategies.
And guys, maybe it's just me, but as a
major data nerd, things like this I
really enjoy. So, I'll go to the markets
tab and choose the NASDAQ 100. And I can
see real time all of the company
information and I can sort. So, for
example, I have it sorted by volume
right now. And what do you know? Nvidia,
SpaceX, the top two. And if you're into
crypto and Bitcoin's recent move that's
been catching a lot of people offguard,
yes, Mumu covers stocks, ETFs, options,
crypto, and even prediction markets. And
I know I keep harping on how much I
enjoy the news aggregator on this Mumu
platform. But what do you know? Trending
number one, SpaceX AI in talks to lease
compute capacity to Microsoft. and one
click and I get simple, clean
information about what's going on. And
as I've said, I use the Mumu platform
for more short-term things. I do some
paper trading to test some things I want
to try in the real market. And I do a
lot of my research work on this platform
to keep all of this separate from my
long-term stuff. And do not sleep on
paper trading, especially if you're new
to derivatives like options. walking
through the order configurator and
placing a few trades and then watching
that for the next few weeks can be a big
help. So, don't sleep on the name as I
have found Mumu to be a very useful
platform. So, if you'd like to check it
out and support the channel, Mumu is
running an up to 8.1% APY and up to
$1,000 in Nvidia stock promotion. And
you can also try these tools for free
using my link in the description below
or by using the QR code on the screen.
There is much more. Let's not forget
earlier this year Tesla's trademark
application for the term megapod. This
is intended to cover the categories of
modular data center hardware systems for
AI compute comprised of computer
servers, computer hardware for AI
processing, computer networking
hardware, electrical power distribution
units and cooling systems sold as a
unit. So, in short, it would be a
self-contained modular computing
hardware system for AI workloads. And on
the Q2 call this year, Elon said, "We're
also building out a megapod design that
has Tesla AI4 computers with x86,
pairing an x86 computer with a Tesla AI4
computer in a box. It's got this digital
Optimus in a box and in a megapod, kind
of like the mega packaging. So we just
put a large number of AI4 and x86 combos
in a giant box essentially and these
boxes can be placed anywhere in the
country or outside the country. This
allows us to scale AI compute using
disagregated electricity production. And
yes, that's when Elon called out Tesla
having somewhere on the order of 7
gawatt of power at superchargers already
in place and paid for. Elon said, "We
can place megapods at many of these
superchargers and have distributed power
for AI." So, I think that could be quite
a big deal. Tesla literally has a
megapod, a physical product somewhere in
the production pipeline getting ready to
carry out Digital Optimus. And remember
that Q2 call was less than 3 months ago.
It was held on July 22nd. And just so
you know, an x86 is basically just a
generalurpose CPU, which of course would
be paired with Tesla's AI4, which is
Tesla's custom inference computer that's
built to do what? Process actual
realworld video data. And remember,
repetition is the father of all
learning, as they say. March this year
when Elon introduced digital optimist he
said macro hard or digital optimist so
one and the same is a joint XAI and
Tesla project coming as part of Tesla's
investment agreement with XAI so yes
this project is part of that $2 billion
that Tesla invested into XAI gro would
be the master conductor navigator with a
deep understanding of the world to
direct digital optimist which is
processing and actioning the past 5
seconds of realtime computer screen
video and keyboard and mouse actions.
Grock is like a much more advanced and
sophisticated version of turnbyturn
navigation software. You can think of it
as digital Optimus AI being system one,
the instinctive part of the mind. Think
quick reflexes. So think about if you
see a ball flying at your face, your
natural instinctive reflex would be to
block it. That's really what digital
optimist would be part of system one.
And then Grock would be system two, the
thinking part of the mind. And this will
run very competitively on the super
lowcost Tesla AI4, which costs around
$650, paired with relatively frugal use
of the much more expensive XAI Nvidia
hardware, and it will be the only
realtime smart AI system. This is a big
deal. In principle, it's capable of
emulating the function of entire
companies. That is why the program is
called Macro hard, a funny reference to
Microsoft. No other company can yet do
this. And let me be clear, no Grockbot
cannot even do this right now. Elon also
said, "Oh, and it works in all AI4
equipped cars, so your car can do office
work when you're not driving. We're also
deploying millions of dedicated digital
Optimus units in the field at
superchargers where we have around 7 GW
of available power. So again, back to
how Grockbot works today. It can either
use connectors, again, the built-in
things for Gmail or Slack or any other
program. But when a connector is not
available, it then has to fall back on
what they call computer use. And this is
that screenshot style loop that it still
has to use. So the bot will take a
screenshot of the computer it's using.
It then sends that screenshot to one of
these large models in the cloud. That
large model will decide what to do with
the screenshot. The bot will then click
or execute the task and then again
repeat that process all again with a new
screenshot. Meaning every single step in
this computer use process is using
expensive cloud GPU time. And using data
Enthropic has shared in the past, we'll
say it costs somewhere in the
neighborhood of $1 for every 100 of
these screenshots that gets processed.
And for bigger tasks, this could easily
turn into thousands of these screenshot
turns per task. So for one person, the
cost may not be prohibitive. But when
you multiply this by hundreds of
thousands of users, each of which might
be running hundreds of agents that are
each running thousands of these turns
per project, then yes, it can add up
quite quickly. And not only that, but
obviously screenshots are static. So if
something changes with that website
between the time the screenshot is taken
and the action is executed, that's how
things break. And that's why people have
called this current system quite
brittle. And that's why, at least the
ambition of Digital Optimus is to be
fundamentally different than that.
That's where the most recent 5-second
buffer of realtime video comes into
play. The idea is to train this policy
or to train the digital optimist neural
net to understand how humans move and
interact with computers. And that's why
one of the positions is hiring somebody
to basically play these AAA games
because it's one of the best ways to
learn from realtime video data. But the
core differentiator, this video is set
to be processed locally on AI4 hardware
that is already paid for. So all of the
cloud costs that right now Grockbot is
still paying for, those would
effectively be removed using digital
optimus. And what did I say earlier? AI4
is built specifically to process
realtime video feeds. And so the only
time this digital optimist structure
would actually need to talk to the cloud
or the bigger thinking Grock model would
be when the digital optimist the level
one instant reaction layer needs help.
And that's what Tesla's researching
right now. How can we have Grock
basically understand the requests from
the user? Grock will then do the
thinking and then plan everything that
needs to happen step by step. And then
it will send those instructions to the
AI4 chip to actually be processed and
executed by Digital Optimus, which is
level one. And again, as we get into
multi-day turns where these agents can
actually work without needing any help
for hours and days, you might go from
needing 10,000 calls to the cloud, like
Grockbot is doing today, down to one
call to the cloud, which will obviously
bring the costs way down, and it'll take
the speed and reliability way up. And
you guys should know by now, if you
follow along with each video, there's no
company on Earth positioned better to
pull this off than Tesla. They have
billions of miles of real world data.
They've been training these neural net
policies for a decade plus. They've long
touted themselves as the leading
inference company on planet Earth. AI4
is customdesigned to do this exact
thing. And AI5 is coming. And
critically, Tesla's been developing its
vision encoder now for likely over a
decade as well. And the vision encoder
for FSD basically just takes those real
raw video files and turns them into
something the rest of the model can
actually use. And with FSD1 14.3, Tesla
even called out it updated this neural
network vision encoder. And it's a gross
oversimplification, but just think about
it extracting the most critical detail
of each scene. So Tesla has plenty of
experience using this vision encoder for
FSD, and they would do the very same
thing with the computer screen use with
that 5-second video feed. They'll likely
train up a new vision encoder to
understand that video feed and to
extract the most important parts and to
translate that into features that the
model can use. So exactly how much of
that is going to transfer over, I have
no idea and wouldn't claim to know. But
I do know that Tesla has plenty of
experience with the process itself
because fundamentally that's what
digital optimus is. It's trying to go
from pixels in to controls out just like
they're doing with FSD. So the idea is
to see enough computer screens over time
and to watch enough tasks being executed
on computers that the neural network or
the policy or the brain understands the
computer screens just like us humans do
and then most importantly can actually
execute all of that clicking and typing
locally on AI4 removing all of the cloud
costs other than when it needs to
contact the cloud for further
instruction. And now for those that
don't yet use Grockbot, I would say from
one friend to another, what are you
waiting for? But in the Grockbot app,
you can see all of the connectors listed
here. So sure, there's plenty available,
but honestly, I only use maybe 2% of all
of the ones they offer. So for all of
the other websites that we want to
access, whether it's your billing or
your utility accounts or a tax portal or
your church's website, whatever it may
be where there's no connector, the way
these Grockbot agents are trying to
tackle those tasks is rather clunky and
expensive. And my mind is racing because
this could easily be a 3-hour video.
Even simple things like right now,
Grockbot is still recognized as a bot by
many websites. So, I've had plenty of
times where I give it a task and then it
ultimately gets shut down, for example,
by Tik Tok. Some of these websites or
apps once they realize it's a bot trying
to log in because the login or the
information is coming from a data
center, then it gets shut down. And some
of that is because this screenshot back
and forth behavior of Grockbot is not
natural. But with Digital Optimus and
running locally and acting more like a
human because it's learning from humans
using computers, maybe. And in theory,
that could help bypass some of the
Grockbot current limitations. And
honestly, that could be a whole video in
and of itself because I just shared the
other day Paul Graham called out how
Amazon is already blocking some of these
agents. And so, it is actually a big
part of the conversation. So long-term,
if this pans out, digital optimist could
end up as a reasoning engine based on
Tesla's very well-developed vision
systems, which means theoretically
physical optimists could have the brains
and capabilities to also navigate
physical computers and software. Now,
let me be clear in saying I think we're
still a ways away from this actually
coming to fruition. Again, it seems like
digital optimist might still be in the
early phases and potentially in a
research phase to see if it's possible
right now, but as Max from Tesla said
earlier this year, Tesla charging teams
will be helping to get digital Optimus
units energized, especially at long-d
distanceance superchargers. We're going
to need a lot of compute and make
efficient use of the grid through
distributed compute. And as mentioned
yesterday, in March of this year, Elon
said his guess was 6 months when we
would be able to try out Digital Optimus
and that would have taken us to
September. So, as I said, that date has
came and went and we have no update. So,
based on everything we have, I'm still
expecting this to be moving forward. The
most recent comment we have from Elon is
just under two months ago when he
replied to Farzod saying, "Digital
Optimus is different than Grock bot."
And those job postings are live today.
And we haven't heard anything about
Megapod. But this is why I get
frustrated on the quarterly calls
because we don't get questions about
these things that in my eyes is truly
one of the more critical things
happening or not happening at Tesla
right now. And yes, at a certain level,
you'll need to have some trust in these
programs. For example, if you wanted to
handle any of your finances with these
agentic tools. But for example, for my
personal life and my business, I run
very detailed spreadsheets manually. And
it involves logging into all my
different bank accounts and tracking all
of the flows and updating the
spreadsheets. And it's usually like a
45minute process once or twice a month.
But the idea is if Digital Optimus pans
out, I could basically sit in my car and
say, "Hey Grock, I need you to run my
financial update just like I do it.
Don't miss anything and don't stop until
you're done." And then Grock will get
the game plan together. It'll ship it
over to Digital Optimus. And then either
the AI4 equipped Tesla you're in or the
one in your driveway or one of these
megapod units at a nearby supercharger
would actually execute that task.
Clicking and typing around either your
personal computer or a remote virtual
computer. Which one? We don't really
know. But the main takeaway point is
that it's the AI4 responsible for the
inference and the operation aka running
locally, not relying on the cloud for
that execution phase. So the idea is
whatever computer digital optimist would
use would stream that 5 seconds of video
to AI4 and from there the digital
optimist model and the policy Tesla
develops would actually run the task.
And yes, I will grant you this is the
type of thing that can make your brain
explode when you really try to
understand what's happening here and
where this data is flowing and where the
pixels are going. And yes, if you're
feeling like there are far more
questions than answers on this, I'm
right there with you because that's the
reality. So simply put, if Digital
Optimus pans out, it would be a
scalable, much more efficient, much
faster, much more reliable option for
carrying out all of these agentic tasks
to do work on computers. And so would
Digital Optimus be focused on enterprise
and Grockbot on personal consumer use?
Maybe. But there are reports right now
that Grockbot is currently in beta or a
wait list for enterprise. So what does
that mean for Digital Optimus? We just
don't know. Would make for a great
quarterly call question. So again, I
could sit here for 30 minutes and ask
questions about how all of this is going
to play out. How Tesla and SpaceX are
going to silo these projects, but the
truth is I just don't know. And I
actually think Elon and the teams might
not even know at this point. But
hopefully I achieved my goal of making
it very clear that Digital Optimus and
Grockbot are indeed two separate
projects. Yes, plenty of overlap. Yes,
they might merge in the future to some
degree, but at least for now, they are
two separate different fundamentally
different things. And not to be
dramatic, but the way this plays out is
going to fundamentally change how you
and I interact with all of our devices.
And if you haven't been paying
attention, generally speaking, Grockbot
has been a smash hit. User growth is
growing quickly. Token usage is growing
quickly. You probably saw Elon said
Grockbot will now use whatever achieves
the best outcome for users. Simple
questions will route to small, fast
models. Questions with complex answers
will route to large models. So now
Grockbot is going to be able to use
models like Opus 5.5. So on balance, I
think this is definitely more of a
positive thing than anything else. But
there are certainly some trade-offs
here. Believe it or not, plenty of
people don't want their data or
information touching OpenAI or even
Anthropic at all. So, the fact that
Grockbot will now be using those models
in the background to execute tasks, some
people are already opting out. Now, I
don't think it's a huge number of
people, but it's also not zero. And
sure, plenty of Power users would love
the ability to handpick the models for
what they want to do, but we have to
remember Grockbot is really geared
toward the masses. It's meant to be as
simple as possible and to take all of
that background tech jargon out of the
equation altogether. Elon also said
going forward SpaceX will use the best
back-end model for any given task
including Claude Opus 5.5, Midjourney
Sunno and other leading APIs, whatever
is most likely to give you the best
outcome. So on one hand, yes, this is a
clear admission that Grock is not up to
snuff with the frontier models at this
time. But if Grockbot becomes the
customer acquisition layer that feeds
the best underlying model, even if they
have to pay those API costs to other
companies for certain tasks, guess whose
compute a lot of those other companies
are actually using? SpaceX's. So, it's
really not the worst thing ever. And
then, as odd as it may sound, those
other companies like Anthropic or OpenAI
would have some level of incentive for
Grockbot to get more users because
that's more token use from its models.
So this move should undoubtedly draw in
more users. And then if SpaceX can get
to the frontier with the underlying
models over time, they can just start
using their own models on the back end
and 99% of people would have no idea.
And at that point, it can just stop
paying those API costs to the other
providers. So again, short-term, there
may be some minor trade-offs. Maybe
token usage gets out of control as
SpaceX AI tries to figure this out. But
by and large, I do think it's a
brilliant idea. Elon just said late last
night, "We're just going to have Grock
bots manage Groipedia." And we got the
news this week, Grockbot can now search,
read, and monitor X natively. No more
connectors or workarounds required. So
yes, previously Grockbot could already
read X, but it was clunky and expensive.
So before you had to connect your X
account and at times set up a developer
account, you'd be paying the X API fees
every time you used it. Or you could try
that computer use like we talked about.
But again, that is slow and awkward and
unreliable. But now for public stuff
like reading posts and watching trending
topics, it just works natively. No
setup, no extra fees. It basically just
has that same integration that Grock
Chat has on X. All right, it's time to
zip through a lightning round. We have
Tesla at 739 vehicles now registered in
the robo taxi fleet in Texas and 319 of
those vehicles are now the Cyber Cab.
And yes, in the past 24 hours, Tesla
added another 150 cyber cabs, which
nearly doubled the fleet overnight. And
on X, there are a lot of photos and
videos of people at the X takeover
showcasing numerous cyber cabs seemingly
everywhere. And anecdotally, the wait
times are very good. Yun Tasai said,
"Our severe weather testing and
validation teams worked hard, often far
from home. We monitored real-time
weather radar and positioned our fleet
in the biggest storms we could find 24/7
to test our vehicle can operate safely
in various conditions. Thank you to the
severe weather and validation team for
your hard work." The Tesla Semi account
said, "New Mega Charger sites between
Atlanta and Savannah are now online.
Many more southeast sites are coming
soon. Finally, the East Coast getting
some love." Dan Priestley said, "Stopped
to electrify this lane and begin
deploying semis in this growing region."
As a follow-up from yesterday's video,
Elon did say, "This is the last critical
piece of the Spectrum puzzle needed for
SpaceX to provide complete phone
coverage in America." If that post
doesn't mean anything to you, then I'd
encourage you to go back and watch the
most recent episode. On Elon's comment
about SpaceX becoming worth orders of
magnitude more than the current Earth
economy, Elon followed up saying,
"Seeing a path is not a statement of
extreme confidence we will achieve that
outcome. It just means I believe there
is such a path and the probability of
achieving it is not zero." Then Elon
went on to say over one quadrillion
dollars now appears to be in the set of
possible outcomes whereas before I had
thought it was not. And the second
derivative of that probability verse
time is rising fast, albeit from a tiny
base. So at this point, guys, I honestly
don't even have much to say. For some
context, let's call the global GDP of
the world about $100 trillion. One
quadrillion is on the order of 10 times
the global economic output. And for this
second part of the comment, in normie
terms, this is just Elon saying, "The
odds of this happening are still quite
small, but the odds of that probability
are indeed accelerating quickly." So my
takeaway is that directionally Elon is
incredibly locked in, potentially in
wartime CEO mode, as we like to call it,
and he is quite confident SpaceX is on a
trajectory to end up in a league of its
own. And when you consider the
possibility of SpaceX and Tesla merging
and all of SpaceX's durable modes, in my
opinion, I completely agree that no
other company on Earth has a similar
path. On that merger talk, Tesla Yoda
said, "SpaceX board, can we merge before
Tesla becomes a global robo taxi
company? Tesla board, can we merge
before SpaceX becomes a global internet
service provider?" To which Elon
laughed. And there's more I can say, but
I don't want this video to be too long.
So Tesla closed the day at $382.70
up 2.05% and SpaceX closed at $16257
up 1.25% all while the NDX was up.51%.
Don't forget check out Mumu linked below
for anybody interested and do not
overlook it because of the name. Hope
you all have a safe and wonderful
weekend. Thank you guys for all of the
support for everything watching,
commenting, liking, checking out
sponsors. Seriously, I cannot thank you
enough. Hope you all have a wonderful
weekend and a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.