Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Actually Gave Us the Answers We Needed (TSLA) ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLH6NZctflc
Published:   2026-07-25 00:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-25 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. I think I might owe the
Tesla community an apology after that
earnings call. I think there's a chance
that that post has nerfed Elon a little
bit. You know, he most likely saw the
post and thought to himself, you know,
this Dylan guy brings up a really good
point. I probably have been far too
optimistic publicly and I do need to
tone down my rhetoric. So, what's that
they say? be careful what you ask for.
But no, in all seriousness, Elon said he
was under the weather, so maybe that had
something to do with his muted
expectations going forward. But truly, I
think for the first time in a long time,
we have proper expectations and that
recalibration I've been asking for when
it comes to setting the tone for this
robo taxi rollout. And while this
certainly was not the most exciting or
hype-filled earnings call we've had
recently, we did actually get some new
data and some new insight into exactly
what Tesla's focusing on. And we can do
our best to run an analysis and make
some assumptions to set our own new
expectations for the robo taxi ramp
going forward. Because the truth is
right now all of Tesla hinges on this
growth. And to everybody out there
that's undoubtedly thinking right now,
well what about Optimus? Sure, maybe
Optimus enters low-scale production this
year. But remember, all of those early
units will be going to the Optimus
Academy first, which by the way would
have made for incredible questions from
these analysts who always seem like
they're sleeping at the wheel. Why
didn't somebody ask, "Hey Tesla, how
long do you guys think these Optimus
robots will be at the Optimus Academy
before being deployed elsewhere?" Or
what about, "Hey Tesla, how many
Optimize do you guys want to deploy in
the Optimus Academy both in the
near-term and the long term?" Or how
about, "Hey Tesla, what do you guys
think will be the first realworld
deployment for Optimi outside of the
Tesla factory and outside of the Optimus
Academy?" Or, "Hey Tesla, what's your
best guess at when an Optimus robot will
be sold to the first regular human
customer?" And not that we could take
any of those hypothetical answers as
gospel because ultimately Tesla probably
doesn't even know just yet, but it would
at least have given us some sort of
framework about what we can expect and
on what timeline. But all that to say,
when it comes to Optimus, it's just far
too uncertain. Elon himself poured cold
water on it, telling us how long the
production ramp is going to take. We
have no idea about the cost of goods
sold or early deployments or what early
Optimus bots will be sold at. What might
that price point look like to the first
third-party customer? I'm just saying at
this point we have nothing. And so the
market is going to attribute it mostly
nothing. Which brings me to another
important point I want to make. You guys
may have noticed over the past few
months and really years, I mostly
stopped talking about my thoughts on
Tesla stock when it comes to more short
and near-term expectations. The reason
for that is over the past six years now,
I have learned that when I did that, I
would always get questions about how
people should play my thoughts on Tesla
stock. And quite honestly, it just made
me uncomfortable knowing that my
thoughts and my guesstimates might be
the decision framework that somebody
else makes a move with Tesla stock or
options or whatever. And as a former
financial adviser, it's just too hard
for me not to slip into that mindset.
But having said that, going forward now,
I'm feeling some weight that maybe I
should have been saying things because
I've been having conversations with
friends offline, making the point that
there is far more downside potential
with Tesla stock given the valuations
and where it was over the past few weeks
than there was upside potential in the
near- term in my opinion. Just to show
you what I mean, have a look at this
table. Let's look at the forward PE
ratios for fiscal year 2027. And listen,
the truth is I don't think any PE ratio
is a good metric for Tesla or most of
the MAG 7. But if you're going to use
one, I think this would be the one to
use. It pulls forward enough of the
expected story when it comes to robo
taxi growth through 2027, but doesn't go
so far into the future 2028 and beyond
where there's too much uncertainty. And
just focusing on 2026 where we now
largely have an idea for what the
expansion will look like. In my opinion,
that doesn't pull forward enough of the
expected growth. And just note these
numbers are with Tesla stock around $313
per share. But Tesla's forward PE for
2027 sits at $140.
Apple is at 35, Amazon at 23, Google 22,
Microsoft 20, Nvidia 17, and Meta 17.
And of course, these numbers will change
based on what EPS estimates you pick for
2027. But my point here is Tesla is
valued in a different league than all of
these other companies. Meaning the
market is clearly still pricing in a lot
of this robo taxi growth. So yes, on one
hand, the market is willing to give
Tesla very high valuations given the
confidence in the future. But anytime we
get these downward expectations from
Elon and the team, that's what I mean
when I say there's a lot of downside
potential baked in as well. As I always
say, putting too much weight on any one
metric is always a fool's errand. But in
this case, I'm only showing it as a
reminder that even after Tesla stock
coming down, the market is still very
clearly already pricing in plenty of
robo taxi growth and earnings. And
obviously, the market is not valuing
Tesla based on the earnings we're seeing
today. And I still just see so many
posts saying, "Why are all these people
selling Tesla stock when robo taxi is
about to scale and XYZ is about to
happen?" It's because a lot of that
expected scaling and performance has
already been priced in. Now, of course,
today Tesla stock is far more attractive
at $35 a share than it was at $45. But
my entire point with all of this is if
you are taken aback by how could this
happen to Tesla stock and what's going
on and if you're questioning your
conviction in the story, then as
respectfully as possible, I would just
say that maybe you didn't understand the
story or the reality of the valuations
as well as you thought you might have.
And really, if you leave the video now,
all you need to know, the next 3 to 6
months might be painful. It might be
boring when it comes to stock
performance. But just do not forget, we
always have the potential of a SpaceX
acquisition looming. And more
importantly, zooming out, we have Tesla
spending three times more per year than
it ever has in the history of the
business. Now, it's one of the most
capital efficient companies on planet
Earth. So, for them to ramp up spending
this significantly right now tells us
that they believe that spending is going
to have an ROI that we have never seen
before. Now, I'll be the first person to
tell you it's not going to fully pay off
for a few more years. And I know some of
you will think this section is boring
and not useful, but I just need you to
remember there's a portion of the
community that is following people that
have every month been telling them how
Tesla's ready to run to 56 $700 a share
this year. And they'll say it's because
of XYZ catalyst. But that is not how the
stock market works. Obviously, the
market knows about these catalysts. It's
not stupid. So again, a lot of that is
already priced in. So when you get
expectations shifting down, you have
what happened to Tesla stock this week.
So all I will say for now, I will never
give financial advice on this channel.
But from my perspective, I think the
riskreward profile is much more
attractive where we are now than it was
just a week or two ago. But having said
that, I could absolutely see Tesla's
stock touching 280, 260 before it makes
a move back up. That's not a prediction.
Personally, I am not playing any options
on that guess. These are just my
thoughts based on what I'm seeing from
Tesla and the market having the
background that I have. And I want to
make the point everybody out there
that's been touting Tesla stock to the
moon basically all year, by and large,
all they get as feedback is praise and
celebration. and the people saying, "Hey
guys, Tesla stock might actually not do
well." Those accounts ultimately get
criticized. But so far, they've been
more right than wrong. So, that's enough
rambling. And despite my recent
commentary, I am buying here. I have not
sold a single share. I have no plans to.
And the truth is, over the next 3 to 5
years, I am as bullish on Tesla as I've
ever been. It's really just I would have
preferred the communications been a bit
better over the past year, but that's
now in the past. And given that Elon has
been toned down on the two most recent
earnings calls, I do think it's time for
us to largely leave that in the past.
They gave us new expectations going
forward. And so that's what we're going
to focus on today. To do that, we need
to clarify this chart, the one that says
cumulative paid robo taxi miles. I've
seen plenty of people saying this is
only unsupervised miles, but that is not
the case because remember Tesla didn't
start any unsupervised rides until
January this year. And this chart's data
point at the end of 2025 was roughly
600,000 mi. And given that that number
is likely too high only for Austin, I
think a safe assumption would be that
this chart does include the Bay Area.
Even though it's not technically a robo
taxi service, Tesla might classify it as
such because they are charging for paid
rides. And it would help to explain the
trailoff of this chart on the right for
the most recent months. If you do a
pixel analysis of that chart, it's not
going to be perfect, but it'll get us in
the right neighborhood. That gives us a
rough number of monthly miles that Tesla
was adding in terms of paid rides. In
January of this year, that chart would
indicate Tesla added 270,000
paid miles for the month. February would
have been 340,000 mi. March would have
been the peak at 445,000
mi. But then for April, May, and June,
we've seen a significant trailing off.
April was down to 365,000.
May down to 190,000, and then June would
have been roughly 155,000. Now, please
note these are not official numbers.
It's just extrapolating from that chart.
So, as you can see, each month is likely
plus or minus anywhere between 20 and
40,000 miles. So, the question becomes,
what's going on with this deceleration
in miles added recently? If my
assumption is correct, this includes the
Bay Area. This might be Tesla slowly
toning down the supervised rides in the
Bay Area to prepare for driverless. So
from that perspective, the supervised
miles, which to date have been the
majority, would be coming down and
slowing down, which could be
contributing to a lower number of paid
miles added. So that's one explanation
that could make sense, but we don't need
to spend too much time on that because
those numbers are derived, not official.
And unfortunately, there's still some
level of uncertainty around that data to
begin with. But the good news is a show
gave us the new metric Tesla is focusing
on and it's the unsupervised mile
number. Tesla has driven more than
380,000 miles of unsupervised robo taxi
across six cities in two states. Once
again though, unfortunately we don't
know if those are paid miles only or is
that including dead head miles, meaning
the miles driven without somebody in the
vehicle. For now, that's a number we
just don't have. And another reason I
think that chart does include the Bay
Area is what Elon said while talking
about robo taxi. He said, "We've opened
up in a number of cities in Florida and
in Texas and obviously the Bay Area." So
in his mind, it may be Tesla's under the
robo taxi umbrella is the Bay Area even
though it's technically still ride
share. And Elon said we'll continue to
scale very rapidly with more than 10% a
week in terms of miles driven. At that
point, we didn't know whether it was
paid miles only or unsupervised miles
only. But thankfully later, a show
clarified. He said, "Since the beginning
of this year, we have grown at
double-digit growth rates to the number
of unsupervised miles that the fleet
drives every week. I repeat, we have
grown at such a high compounding rate on
a week-over-week basis over the last
several months. Not only that, we expect
to continue growing at such a large rate
through the rest of this year." So, this
is not just Elon. This is Elon and
Ashoke. And it's not just a growth rate
they're expecting for a few weeks,
Ashoke himself said through the end of
the year. But just to be safe, I only
ran the numbers for the next 3 months
until we get a new update on the Q3
call. So, given what Ashoke said, those
growth rates started at the beginning of
this year when unsupervised started, we
can actually figure out the numbers. And
part of the reason this is so important
is because Ashoke also said Tesla will
be matching the cyber cab production
rate with the expected growth of the
unsupervised mile number. So of course
production for testing in validation is
a separate thing. But when it comes to
the cyber cabs actually being deployed
whenever that happens how many they
produce will be dictated by how fast the
unsupervised mile number is growing.
which means this number is now the
number for Tesla. So all we do is apply
that 10% growth rate starting in January
and Tesla is starting at roughly 3,500 m
per week. Of course, the actual growth
has not been this linear in the real
world. It would be more up and down. But
fast forwarding to the middle of July,
applying that 10% growth rate throughout
most of the year, that would have Tesla
doing roughly 38,000 m of unsupervised
rides every week. And adding up all of
that growth would give us the cumulative
total of 380,000 m unsupervised. Again,
these are not official numbers. It's
just the best we can do with what Tesla
gave us. So, we can take that roughly
38,000 m per week of unsupervised rides
and learn some more. If we assume that
the unsupervised fleet across the two
states and six cities with true robo
taxi is 50 units, call it maybe 30 in
Austin and then the remaining 20
dispersed across Dallas, Houston, Tampa,
Miami, and Orlando, we could reasonably
deduce that each unsupervised car is
doing in the neighborhood of just over
100 miles per car per day. That means if
Tesla can sustain that 10% weekly growth
rate of unsupervised miles toward the
end of October, Tesla would be doing
130,000 miles per week. And a rule of
thumb to keep in mind, if you grow at
10% a week, that would mean you roughly
double every 7 and 12 weeks. And you see
it on the chart. In week 7, starting
from the reference point of this week,
Tesla would then be doing roughly 73,500
mi unsupervised every week. So that
means throughout Q3, if Tesla can
sustain this growth rate, they would go
from just under 38,000 m a week to over
130,000, which is just under 250%
growth. Set another way, it would be
nearly a 3.5x in unsupervised miles per
week. Now, of course, Tesla will need a
set number of cars to do that number of
miles. So, if they're doing the current
weekly mileage with in the neighborhood
of 50 vehicles running unsupervised, we
can pair those numbers and then scale it
to get an expected number of vehicles
needed to do this extra growth in miles.
And to keep it simple, if the cars
maintain a similar level of efficiency
throughout the quarter, Tesla's fleet of
unsupervised vehicles would need to grow
to somewhere in the neighborhood of 173
by the end of Q3. Meaning Tesla would
have to add about 123 cars over the next
3 months. And I did add in a decaying
growth rate to see what those numbers
would look like in the event Tesla
cannot sustain 10% a week for the next 3
months. And that could look like Tesla's
unsupervised fleet hitting 115 cars
total, which would mean adding 65 over
the next 3 months. However, as a show
told us, they are hyperfocused on
maximizing the efficiency of each
vehicle, not necessarily on hitting
scale of the number of vehicles. So, if
each unsupervised vehicle is doing
roughly 100 miles a day, maybe Tesla
wants to push that to 200 or 300 m per
day. Ultimately, there will be a ceiling
somewhere and it'll be different
geography to geography. But the point is
Tesla is still figuring that out right
now. So, the reason I wanted to walk
through these very simple numbers is to
just try to set expectations given the
new data we have. There are still people
out there saying Tesla's going to have
2,000, 3,000, 5,000 unsupervised
vehicles this year. And from where I'm
sitting, based on what they just told
us, that's not going to happen. So, if
we can have more realistic expectations
based on the data that's been shared,
not hype oropium, I just think this will
be a much more enjoyable waiting period
for us to get to that point of real
scale. And you guys know I don't love
the comparison, but as Spencer pointed
out with a now mega viral tweet, Whimo
is averaging about 570,000
driverless miles every day. And as we
just covered, if Tesla can keep up this
growth rate, they'd only be hitting
130,000 mi unsupervised every week. So
yes, it's an apples to oranges
comparison. Largely foolish, but I'm
providing just for context. And just to
clarify, the reason a show can get away
with saying that Tesla has had zero
notable incidents over 380,000 mi, one,
he didn't define what notable actually
means. And two, very clearly here, he's
only talking about truly unsupervised
miles. Just know the Nitsa standing SGO
data we include on the robo taxi tracker
does include both supervised and
unsupervised miles. So that's part of
it, but the other is of course how you
define notable. And speaking of
follow-up questions, Ashoke said, "We
expect the time to launch in a new city
will continue to trend towards zero
towards an end where we operate in
entire states as a whole instead of city
by city." I'll just say for now this is
not going to happen this year at the
earliest. I think this happens sometime
next year. But I'm just thinking if I'm
an analyst on this call, I'm throwing my
question out the window and asking them,
do you guys have an idea on what the
first date will be or when that first
full state approval will be? And sure,
the answer probably would have been,
well, it depends on the regulators. We
don't really know, but at least put him
on the spot and take a shot. And again,
I'm seeing people that think this is
going to happen this year, and I'm here
to pour cold water on that. I am not
seeing it given how Tesla's taking the
roll out now. Just know trending towards
zero could be a five or 10year process.
And he did say statebyst state would
only be toward that end. And I actually
think learning that V15 is running on
the robo taxi fleet is another reason
why they're keeping the number of
vehicles small for now. It's not just
that they want to go broad and learn new
things in new cities rather than going
deep and raising the volume in a place
like Austin. It's that they want to run
these very early versions of V15 in a
very controlled micro environment. Now,
it would have been awesome to learn what
these seven different major improvement
tracks were, but for now, we're still in
the dark. But Ashoke thinks the payoff
on all of those bets will be huge and
that's what's going to allow them
sustain that growth rate through the
rest of this year and so on. And further
this might tell us that Tesla thinks V14
is not at least yet good enough for
unsupervised. But the clarification I
want to make here is that I'm seeing
people ask well why would Tesla run a
new untested version of FSD on the robo
taxis? Wouldn't they want to use the
safest model for that? But the truth of
this one, I think, is a bit
counterintuitive. I think the robo taxis
are actually the safest place to run any
model. Once again, because it's in a
tightlyknit controlled environment where
Tesla has plenty of data as compared to
V14, which is deployed really globally
and all across North America. So, if you
want to validate a bleeding edge model,
it's actually better to do it in those
controlled operating domains rather than
doing it broadly across the whole fleet.
And this really isn't new. Robo Taxi has
been the tip of the spear the entire
time. It's always running the bleeding
edge tech. I'm also seeing plenty of
people upset that Tesla's not scaling
faster. Because if on one hand they're
saying they have no notable incidents,
look at how safe it is. Why aren't you
scaling it faster? Because humans aren't
that safe. Which on the surface might
seem like a reasonable question, but at
the end of the day, 380,000 unsupervised
miles is nothing. That is such a small
sample size that you cannot just take
that and extrapolate it to hundreds of
millions of miles. And obviously
supervised FSD that has 12 billion plus
miles is not the same thing as
unsupervised. And further, these 380,000
unsupervised miles are not a sample
across all of North America. They're
very concentrated miles in very limited
areas, which by the way almost always
have favorable conditions. So simply
put, you cannot take 380,000 miles and
then just all of a sudden ramp that up
to 3.8 million unsupervised miles across
the country and say, "Hey, we're going
to have the same outcomes." It doesn't
work like that. So zero notable
incidents so far in these limited
conditions does not mean it's going to
stay that way when they expand into
nearly unlimited operational domains. So
that's why from my perspective there is
no inherent contradiction to what Elon
and the team are saying. So my new robo
taxi expectations throughout Q3 would be
maybe up to 200 cars actually deployed,
not just registered in any state. And
again, the real number to watch is
unsupervised miles per week, but we
likely will not have any update on that
until Q3. So, the way I see it, scaling
to thousands of robo taxis anytime in
the next few months is off the table.
And I think anybody still telling you it
could happen is not living in reality.
There are some folks out there saying
Tesla announced an acquisition in Q2,
but that's not accurate. We were
actually told about this in Q1. All that
happened though on the 10 Q for Q2, they
said Tesla acquired an AI hardware
company for $1.95 billion in common
stock in equity of which 1.73 billion is
subject to certain service conditions
and/or performance milestones. What this
means roughly $222 million was allocated
to the patents and related technology
and the remaining roughly $1.7 billion
will only pay out if certain things are
met. So, this is an aqua hire of an AI
hardware company, meaning Tesla is not
only acquiring the technology and the
IP, but the employees, and they're
relying on those employees to integrate
the hardware successfully. So, this
could be up to a nearly $2 billion deal.
And back in Q1, in case you missed it,
we were speculating at the time that the
acquisition could be for Density AI
because the co-founder and CEO Ganesha
Vancador Ramanon previously worked at
Tesla for almost 8 years as the senior
director for Autopilot Hardware and he
was heavily involved with Dojo and the
rumor is as many as 20 other Tesla
engineers that were let go when they
reorganized the dojo team also joined
Ganesha at Density AI And what has this
company been focusing on? Specialized AI
accelerators, hardware, full stack
systems that emphasize memory
architecture for highdensity efficient
inference particularly for large models
and long context workloads with
applications relevant to data centers,
automotive, robotics, and sensor fusion
systems. So this is not at all
confirmed, but I think it would be a
great fit and this would be my best
guess as of today. Here's a chart for my
visual learners just to showcase Tesla's
apparent 55% attach rate for FSD in Q2
in North America. Vib also gave us the
breakdown of the 1.48 million active FSD
subscriptions. 45% are paying monthly
and 55% have bought it outright. Meaning
about 666,000
people are paying every month and
814,000 have purchased FSD outright. And
on the left, you'll see that the FSD
growth rate is actually growing at twice
the rate of Tesla's car fleet, which of
course highlights once Tesla has that
installed vehicle base on the road, even
if they don't buy FSD upfront, it's a
margin upgrade that is waiting in the
wings to be upgraded any time. But I
just wanted to make this very clear. If
you're going to run numbers, you do not
take 1.48 48 million and multiply that
by $100 a month because only 45% of that
number are paying monthly. So doing the
math, it would work out to roughly $791
million per year that Tesla is earning
in real recurring FSD revenue. So this
was definitely one of the more
encouraging stats for earnings going
into this. I think most people thought
the FSD attach rate even in North
America was maybe between 10 and 20%.
So, this was a huge number and of course
means great things for all other regions
where FSD ultimately gets approved. But
as I've been saying now for months,
guys, the vehicle deliveries is not
going to move the needle. Even something
like this really isn't moving the needle
yet. Even with this very margin
accretive attach rate, Tesla's
financials overall were not overly
impressive. And on the financials, if
you guys want, I'd be happy to do a
section next week diving into it to
break some things down. But at this
point, because I know I'm late with this
video, I don't want to be redundant, as
I said. And honestly, there's really
only two things that I think are worth
calling out because it has changed what
we've been expecting. Number one,
Tesla's energy gross margins came down
from about 39% down to roughly 20% for
Q2. But more importantly, Vib said going
forward, they expect Tesla's energy
gross margins to settle in between 20
and 25%. For a time, many of us started
to think that Tesla's energy gross
margins could be over 30% and pushing
40% given the right environment. But
given competition and other factors,
that is seemingly off the table. So that
is worthy of rerating and understanding.
And the second item would be Tesla's
regulatory credits. This was the first
quarter that we did actually see a very
meaningful decline. That number came in
at 146 million for the quarter. And
looking back across the past year, the
lowest water mark before this quarter
was 380 million. So the expiration of
those cafe penalties may finally be
playing out. So again, I'd be happy to
get into it more next week. Just let me
know if you'd be interested in that.
Just know Elon did say that Starlink
will in time be added to the rest of
Tesla's fleet where Starlink is offered.
And he said FSD on the Tesla Semi will
be active sometime either later this
year or early next year. But for now,
they're focused on FSD for the high
volume vehicles. So again, apologies.
This one was a day late. I did have some
personal things come up yesterday, but
per the usual, I do have a list of
things I plan to work into videos in the
weeks ahead to continue tying a bow on
Q2. Hope you all enjoy the Starship
flight and have a safe and wonderful
weekend. And a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.