Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Rules Just Changed For Robotaxis
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4oXUO1vTRY
Published:   2026-06-29 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-29 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Autonomous vehicles just took one of
their biggest regulatory steps forward.
But at the exact same time, Tesla's
finding itself under even more scrutiny.
The autonomous driving story just got a
lot more interesting. First, Nitsa
announced it will eliminate the
requirement for manual brake pedals on
vehicles designed to be driven
exclusively by automated driving
systems. That's a major regulatory
change that benefits the entire industry
including Tesla Subcab, Zuks, and Whimo
as regulators begin adapting rules for a
driverless future. Second, the momentum
isn't just happening in the US. The
United Nations has adopted the world's
first global regulatory framework for
fully autonomous driving systems, a move
that could eventually help streamline
approvals across Europe and other
participating countries. Third, despite
these positive developments, Tesla
remains under the microscope. The NTSB
has opened an investigation into the
recent Texas crash while Tesla maintains
the driver overrode FSD by flooring the
accelerator to 73 mph. At the same time,
competitors like Zuks are moving toward
mass production while continues facing
operational setbacks and regulatory
challenges of its own. The picture is
becoming clear. The regulatory
environment for autonomy appears to be
improving. But as Tesla pushes toward
large-scale robo taxis, every incident
will likely receive intense scrutiny.
That's something investors should
continue to watch closely. Bill Larry
Goldberg joining us today. He's a serial
entrepreneur. He's been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumisenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here.
Okay, so we've got some uh confusing
kind of u news about whether or not we
are moving forward with autonomous
vehicle future or we're not. It looks
like it's all very positive, but I'm
being very very skeptical at this point.
I don't know. But this one is clearly a
positive sign. Anitsa uh announced that
their own press release that they're
going to uh that they've uh added to the
framework that they're going to still
have to implement. It's not yet fully
implemented to law, but they're going to
drop manual brake pedal mandate mandate
for fully autonomous vehicles. So now
you don't necessarily need to have these
manual brake pedals anymore. Just step
by step. Remember in 2022 they came out
and said, you know, you don't
necessarily need to have steering wheels
and and and pedals anymore. Now that
they've completely solidified that
that's the case, at least for the pedal
side. So Trump's transportation
department launches common sense updates
to brake pedal requirements for AVs. Um
big changes for Nitsa. No brake pedals
required on fully autonomous vehicles.
Uh huge implications for Zuks will no
longer be volume capped. I don't know
how true that part is because they are
still part of that 2600 um limit. I
don't know if they can selfcertify just
because of that. That one I'm skeptical
on. Whimo can pull controls a new ohh
high van adding a fifth seat. Okay.
Tesla cyber caps can go full volume when
ready. I think these two are probably
correct. What's your take on all this?
&gt;&gt; Well, are we sure that steer no steering
wheels are permitted?
&gt;&gt; Am I sure about that? Uh in 2022 I I'm
not sure about the actual about that
about that, but they did loosen the
command um the rules in 2022 already.
that this is why Tesla is able to launch
a suburb cab without steering wheel or
pedals if they self-certify.
Whereas Zuks had to tried to
self-certify, they couldn't. It's a push
back and said, "No, you especially with
your, you know, the the seating is back
facing each other that they weren't able
to prove with enough uh crash tests, but
they launched without steering wheels
and pedals, but that is limited to the
2600. Now for CyberCap, you didn't need
to do it because they self-certified
without it. So this one is just in
general just really certified. So you
know what I mean? Like I guess it's a
nuanced answer. I don't know.
Let me just say that way.
&gt;&gt; Maybe Tesla's waiting for that root for
that
paperwork to come through before they
launch the robo taxi. It's uh the sorry
the the cyber cab on the robo taxi
service. It's, you know, we we're a
little bit in the dark here as to why
they're slow. You know, they're moving
this slowly. People are saying it was
because of the infrastructure. I don't
think that's the case, but we'll see. I
mean, this these are very, you know,
evolutionary
moves and actually they're revolutionary
moves. So, it's going to take, you know,
a little bit of a little bit of clarity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Before we know what's going on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The problem was uh what they said
in 2022 was that all the rules are made
with the idea that humans drive cars and
then when when this idea that carers can
drive themselves instead of starting
from scratch they just said let's take
the existing rule existing rules but we
need to modify and remove things out.
This is what they said here. They said
that the move builds on the AY's effort
to safely unleash American innovation
and rethink the types of equipment like
windshield wipers or rearview mirror
vehicles don't need if a human being
will never drive the car. So the changes
that they're proposing remove
requirements for hand or foot operated
brake controls for those vehicles
designed never to be operated by a
human. Existing rules still apply to AVs
that retain manual controls. All subject
vehicles must still meet the same
stopping distance performance criteria
via alternative testing procedures.
While this update ensures AVs can
physically stop when commanded, Nitsa is
separately developing safety performance
requirements for AS in real world
driving scenarios. Welcome news. Okay,
that's what we just talked about there.
Um,
yeah, so that is great news. I think
that's
&gt;&gt; very important that this administration
seems to be moving with deliberate speed
towards you know real uh you know a full
implementation
of driverless vehicles and in a way
they're leading the world which is
really good thing. So hopefully people
understand the you know the positive
value that Tesla has had on this
process.
&gt;&gt; Um so I so that is good news on the on
the uh level of regulation in the US and
then you know we're watching what's
happening in the world and here's
another good news about that in the
world. Nitsa said that they're proud to
join the vote for the world's first
global technical regulation for
automated driving systems at the World
Forum for harmonization of vehicle
regulations. This model framework, which
incorporates elements of US DO's AV
framework, will help streamline AV rules
on a global scale and empower US
innovators to continue building the
world's best cars right here in America.
Under President Trump and Secretary
Duffy, we're unleashing innovations
across the auto industry.
A decade after early predictions of
widespread automated driving failed to
materialize, the global regulatory
landscape has reached a decisive
milestone. UN ECE has adopted the first
ever global rules allowing fully
autonomous vehicles. Let's watch what
they say.
&gt;&gt; In the future of self-driving cars, more
and more of such cars will come to the
road, which means you will not need a
driver's license. Today we already see
you simply order a so-called robo taxi
which comes without a driver. So the
automated driving is defined by whether
the driver is responsible in a vehicle
or is not responsible. So the passengers
who are riding in such a self-driving
car are not responsible for any
accidents. And by having a a large fleet
of autonomous vehicles which are
commuting in the city, you can reduce
not only the emissions, you also can
reduce the space that such vehicles
need.
The legal basis is necessary. So it's
about drafting regulations and that's
where the United Nations comes into
play. So the working group has recently
finalized drafting regulations for
automated driving systems. The plan is
uh June 2026. We expect a positive
voting and these regulations can be
implemented in the different regions
around the world. So you can nearly see
it that such technology can be approved
and certified and will come to the
roads.
&gt;&gt; I mean it sounds good but I also get
scared thinking that you know how
sometimes they'll go oh we've we're
going to look at the rules we're going
to show you regulations but really the
rules and regulations are there to block
something or slow something down. Well,
you know, UN has been working on this
for some time and it's been anticipated
for some time. So, I think we kind of
expected this to happen and certainly
this administration, this current
administration has been a catalyst.
U
hopefully that has sped it along. But
now Europe has to take these regulations
and adopt it. in Europe has a way of
adding icing to the cake when it comes
to regulations.
I mean, piles of icing to the cake when
it comes to regulations. And that bot
fight, that bun fight is taking place
right now, right now in Europe. And of
course, Tesla being run by Elon Musk is
a political football there. And so,
they're kicking the football as, you
know, far as they can down the road.
We'll see. I mean, all these mixed
metaphors. Um I mean at the end of the
day Europe will be Europe and you know
it's unclear that they'll end up with
you know with autonomy at all but but we
will and we're moving very rapidly
towards that as long as it all of it
takes place before uh the next
administration comes in cuz who knows
what they'll do. But there you are. I
mean things are moving in the right
direction right now.
&gt;&gt; It sounds like it. Let's uh let's cross
our fingers. But at the same time, what
I'm concerned about is singling out
Tesla. Uh we know that uh self-driving
cars are now safer, especially if you're
just looking at supervised full
self-driving. That's safer than humans.
But you know what? You saw what happened
with the media just on Monday where uh
right that that this car flew and it hit
a house person uh woman died that was
living in that house. Now the media said
Tesla's car you know self-driving car
was on autopilot caused it. Tesla, Elon,
and Ashok Kowami came out and said, "We
know from telemity data that the cars um
that the person had the foot pedal down
the whole way." And so it was flying at
73 and the car doesn't drive that way.
If it was an autopilot or FSE, they can
prove that, but doesn't stop media
coming out there globally. Everybody's
sort of alluded that it was a Tesla FSE
fault. And then lawsuits are happening.
So uh and then just wanted to point out
here that uh another day another driver
blaming Tesla FC a person crashed into a
column at the outlets. They said the car
was driving us on his own. Anyone who
has used FC knows it doesn't travel fast
enough in parking lots to do this kind
of damage. Again all this so the NTSB
has joined the NHTS NS to SA to Nitsa to
to investigate the crash. They've opened
an investigation. Um, and the family of
the victim has filed a lawsuit against
the driver, Michael Butler, but also
Tesla, alleging neglections. So, they
joined that and they're going to check
to see what happened. Uh, what do you
think about this?
&gt;&gt; I think this is just the first of many.
&gt;&gt; This is not going to be the only one,
and there's going to be many more to
come. this hasn't I mean we've had
lawsuits of this nature in the past and
there will be many more and you know
there will be a death that FSD has will
have caused or that Whimo will have
caused
and and because of whatever happened um
you know we were on FSD today driving
back from the beach and we were on our
way through a green traffic light we
waited for the light to turn green
started and and a car came turning in
right into front of us uh in in a from a
red light. And um FSD stopped like on at
that moment. But had he accelerated
slightly faster, had had you know had he
taken off like a a second earlier,
I mean it would have been a fatal
accident that at that the speed at which
he came around that bin and the angle at
which he would have hit us, it would
have been fatal. And so FSD would be
blamed and there would be court cases
and there would be it's going to happen
and I'll tell you it's going to happen
at a point that FSD is responsible and
you know could have been avoided with
you know a slightly different set of
circumstances. So that's going to happen
and you know when it happens there'll be
a hoo-ha but
you know when cars were first on the
road they struck their first victim. You
know there are a lot of accidents that
happened. 40,000 people apparently die a
year from car accidents.
That's going to drop dramatically. We we
we may drop the number of deaths in the
road by 50% 60% 70%.
Nobody's going to look at that number.
They're going to look crash by crash by
crash, headline by headline by headline.
It's human nature and we we'll just do
it to ourselves again. So, I don't take
it seriously. I do think that some of
the some of the commentators
who should know better
&gt;&gt; are getting, you know, so out of
control, particularly those that, you
know, know this industry very well. I
mean, just too bad.
&gt;&gt; It's like you said, let's say there
there are now uh two years ago was
44,000 deaths each year in the United
States caused by motor vehicle
accidents. 30% is because of people
using te texting. Uh and I think 40
40,000 last year these deaths is going
to be brought down if you implement
autonomous driving. But it's not going
to be zero. That's what you're saying. I
say there's 5,000 deaths. You you reduce
44,000 to 5,000 deaths, but there's
still 5,000 deaths. And guess what?
That's going to go worldwide. People are
going to stop it. Why would you stop a
technology that can reduce 45 to 5,000
deaths? Why? Because you hate Tesla. Um
well, I mean, so it's not just Tesla.
There are cities out there, New York
City and I think Boston. New York City
apparently said we're not going to allow
they, you know, they've got laws. And
this is my this is what I was trying to
say earlier. New York City was one of
the, you know, New York said, "Okay, we
we're going to have laws." But guess
what? They used the laws to try to stop,
not try to promote and and and get them
in there. So, they have said no to Whimo
operating there. New York City has
defeated Amazon headquarters. They
defeated Citadel headquarters. Now,
driverless cars, famous for once laying
claim to the largest suspension bridge,
skyscraper, and mass transit system.
Now, they're they're saying no. Same
dumb resistance happened during the Uber
saga. Now you're watching the same play
out with autonomous cars. And the
reality is that humans should not be
operating metal death machines forever,
especially in a city where taxis has
spent decades gaming routes, ignoring
pickups, driving like maniacs. Yeah.
Yeah. So the the taxi system is is
really um
&gt;&gt; well, anybody who lives in New York now
is crazy. I mean just crazy to live in
New York. I it's you know it's just it's
become a cesspool as have many of these
major cities in this country many of the
major cities in this country but you
know people choose to live there and
they they have to pay the price so it's
a battle now just to be clear uh
autonomous driving Whimo and Tesla are
showing data to show that it's already
safer in humans but there's still
problems especially with Whimo this is
explains why Tesla's very careful cuz
you can see that one incident for Tesla
goes global. But here's just a reminder.
Dylan Lumis pointed this out of all the
things that are happening with Whimo
right now. He said many have grown
disillusioned with Tesla because of the
pace of the robo taxi rollout. But when
we zoom out, it's a very clear picture
of how hard autonomy really is. Just
look at us what's happened to Whimo in
the past few months alone. Okay, nobody
knows this because
uh other than the people who follow X
closely and us, we know this. But the
general public does not know. In the
last few months alone, here's everything
that we has done. They hit a child,
illegally passed school buses with
active red lights, fully blocked the
street, obstructing ambulance and first
responders on mass mass shooting. Six
vehicles failed to recognize ramp
closure signs and drove into active
freeway construction zones in Texas.
Seven vehicles drove between cones and
entered freeway construction lanes in
California. So Whimo had to voluntarily
restrict its entire fleet from all
freeway and highway operations. Clearly,
it's not recognizing these construction
zones. Nitsa recall recalled 3,800 cars
after vehicles drove into flooded roads
while most sus suspended service in
Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio,
and Nashville. We all know Tesla could
easily scale beyond where it is right
now, but Tesla will not receive the same
turn the other way treatment that Whimo
gets from the media and the public. This
is the kind of stuff that we know Teslas
can avoid. It recognizes construction
zones. It knows flooded zones. But yet,
if one if just one of this happens,
passing a school bus actively goes,
everybody goes crazy. Some of the
frustration is warranted given poor
expectations being set by Tesla. But
it's not like anyone else is doing any
better. And all of the companies talking
about their big plans, Rivian, Lucid,
going to be just that for years to come,
talk and promises to feel like they're
part of the game with no real scale or
volume. Tesla is still far and away the
best position coming to reach scale.
It's just going to take longer than most
of us thought.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's already taken
quite a lot longer than we thought. And
you know, it's going to take a while.
It's going to take a while. I you know,
I just came back from the beach this
morning and um drove all the way. Didn't
touch any of the controls.
I mean, I I had to plug the supercharger
in. That was the sum total of the work
that I did. I also had to set well I
didn't even set the
the destination in my car. I set the
destination on my phone and told it to
send it to the car. So I mean we we
reached a point where the car is fully
capable of autonomy. Fully capable of
autonomy. That's where we're at. And so,
you know, it's only a matter of at this
point making sure that there's a really
really good introduction and a really
good uh cycle of scaling. And that's
really where we're at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This explains why Tesla needs to
take it slow. And it's very likely what
they'll do is, you know, get all of this
as much of this solved because they
already have so many cars out there.
they know what is acceptable and if it's
just small amounts but then they're
going to go big and they're going to do
it and we're there. We're almost there
but they're dealing with these tiny
little things because it will not if
Tesla did it worldwide news and a lot of
hatred. So they got to be careful.
&gt;&gt; So um Zuks has come out with a new
vehicle. Fantastic. Here is their new
vehicle. Looks still very similar to the
existing Zuks, but it's more more
refined. Look at the I like the elevator
doors. They do have the uh you know like
passengers facing each other kind of
seating. There are no seating. Um no
steering wheels and pedals. Just to
everybody understand Zuks tried to get
self-certified. Nitsa said you haven't
shown us any crash data to prove that
this is safe because why Zuks is not an
actual car manufacturer. They they've
got to get into the game slowly and
figure that out. But they are allowed to
have I think I don't know what the
number is 2500 2600 of these as many of
these as you want. Any car company can
make any kind of vehicle and have 2600
you know out there. Um but they've
refined it. Let's watch what they said.
The next evolution of the Zuks Robo Taxi
refined through testing, early
deployments and feedback from 500,000
riders. More features, more comfortable.
Built for scale. Now moving into large
scale production.
Yeah,
we'll go through some of the features
here, but um you know, better lighting,
more comfortable.
I like the elevator doors a lot. I love
that. I think that's the best feature.
So, they've got uh they they think that
this can now go into mass production and
they can build up to 100 per week.
Improved seat design with additional
padding, more ergonomic contours,
improved headrest, new interior color
scheme, better brighter cab design to
make it easier to see personal items
like phones, wallets, and keys easier to
spot. Updated touchscreen display with
improved brightness. Redesigned wireless
charging pad, large cup holders,
birectional reflectors, enhanced
lighting doors with upgraded speakers
and microphones, two-way audio system
for clearer communication. refresh is
intended for Zuk's future
mass-production robot taxi fleet built
at Hayward manufacturing facility.
&gt;&gt; Well, a 100 a week is not going to go
very far, right? Yeah. 100 a week is
really not mass production. We have to
see 100 a day and even that's not really
going to do it. So, I mean I think um
you know Tesla's talking about producing
you know one every two minutes. you
know, go figure that. I mean,
it's incredible. I mean, you know,
talking about, you know, 30 an hour,
which you multiply that out and you get
some sense of of, you know, the scale of
which they're hoping to reach. Look, to
make this work, to make robo taxis work,
we we're talking about replacing at
scale human drivers. If we're talking
about Whimo's talking about, you know,
maybe 5,000 a year, this guy's talking
about 5,000 a year. This is they're
playing at the edges. They're playing at
the edges. I mean, you have to think in
the scale of, you know, 100 million cars
a year. Um, that's the kind of scale you
have to get to
if this is going to work, if the
autonomy is really going to happen.
&gt;&gt; So, I give zuks. I love zuks. I because
because they actually designed a vehicle
specifically for autonomy in mind. You
know, how would you design a vehicle if
it's autonomous? Okay. And they thought,
okay, I'd like to have bench seats. I
like to face each other. No. Perfect.
Sliding doors, easy in and out. Great.
Whimo,
&gt;&gt; where do they put the Where do they put
the luggage?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, I don't know. Probably in the
middle. Um, okay.
&gt;&gt; But you know the again it's it's but but
I love this. I think that I think Tesla
will Tesla will have their own robo van
thing that's going to look like this
smaller. But Whimo, it's not really
designed for autonomous cars. You take
an existing car, you slap a bunch of
stuff on and call it good good for the
day. So they need to find their model.
But at least these guys did. Now like
you said, small numbers. So it's fine.
They're out there. But then what we just
pointed out today is everybody is facing
all of these different edge little tiny
edge cases that they need to solve.
That's why Tesla's taken years with
millions of our cars testing these edge
cases. Now hundreds and hundreds of robo
taxis testing these edge cases and
they're improving their neural net
supercomputers to work out these
simulation final edge cases because
they've got a higher standard. It might
actually turn out to be better for Tesla
that this has happened that they slowed
everything down but make sure that it's
&gt;&gt; I don't think they've slowed slowed
everything down. I think they're moving
as fast as they can. Look
&gt;&gt; higher standard. They can't even have
one issue that Whimo could do. Whimo can
go ahead and launch this and have all
these issues and they get a free pass.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, maybe. But at the end of the
day, you know, they're very limited as
to volume. And the limitation of volume
is a it's it's actually a killer from a
business uh operation perspective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And what what we're trying to do what
Tesla is trying to do is to
to build this at scale. To build this at
scale, you need a production line. Once
you've got a production line and you can
build at scale, you know, you got to
solve all the edge cases, you got to
solve the infrastructure, you've got to
solve for all of that stuff. And they're
in a position to do all of that. So, I
know everybody's nervous about a few
months delay or a year or two delay or
even a fiveyear delay, but you you can't
launch a business based upon a
restriction that is kind of that's fatal
to your project before you begin. So,
when you're making, you know, 5,000 cars
a year or 15,000 cars a year, that's not
a business. That that that's not
something that can scale. So if you have
a production line that can really scale
that can provide something at cost at a
I don't know what that Zuk's machine
cost zuks but I can tell you
&gt;&gt; it's not going to be as inexpensive as
the as the Cyber Cab.
&gt;&gt; So you know
everything everything I'm seeing right
now tells me that Tesla is designing for
scale Tesla's designing for true
autonomy. All the others are playing at
the edges. That's all I can tell you.
And in particular, Whimo,
&gt;&gt; uh, Larry, do you think are you positive
on the regulation side, it's like it's I
I just trying to be careful because it
does look like it's going well for
Tesla, but then something like this
happens on the weekend where the world
reacts like the way they did when it's
not Tesla's fault, but they'll blame
full self-driving form.
&gt;&gt; You know, if that had happened, and it's
happened before. Listen, this is not the
first time a car has run into a house
and killed somebody
&gt;&gt; and then they blamed it on Tesla. Yeah,
they do it all the time.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Non a non-Tesla vehicle
has grown into a house and kill
somebody.
&gt;&gt; This is not the first time. And each
time it's, you know, it's they try and
find fault with the equipment. It's
easier to find fault with equipment when
they've got this kind of argument. I
mean, I saw the specious argument uh by,
you know, Tesla haters that, oh well,
yes, he did hit the accelerator, but
it's still Tesla's fault because
&gt;&gt; you know, with FSD, you can't tell that
you're not hitting the brake when you
hit the accelerator because you're not
used to hitting the accelerator. I mean,
&gt;&gt; this is true. This is an argument I saw
today on X by, you know, some people who
consider themselves to be experts. So
all all I can say is that there's no way
around this that regardless of who's at
fault or how's at fault, it's going to,
you know, reflect on Tesla. But get
ready for it. It's going to happen again
and again and again. But it, you know,
it's just going to proceed down this
path of progress. I'm I'm convinced of
it.
&gt;&gt; I am too. Thank you so much, Larry.
Follow Larry on his website
lumisenti.com. Follow him on X Tesla
Larry. Thanks everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.