Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Spending Billions For A Bigger Future
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWltRB0m2B0
Published:   2026-08-06 17:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-06 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's spending has skyrocketed while
its profits remain low. It's cash on
hand is dwindling. I expected the world
today from Tesla and the moon tomorrow
from SpaceX, preferably before lunch.
I've got some things going on in the
afternoon and I want to tell you guys
you might have unrealistic expectations
and to slow down and smell the roses and
enjoy the journey. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
So, I got Randy Kirk here and the whole
premise of this show is there's a lot of
big stuff coming up. I know that a lot
of you are very impatient for it. Why
hasn't X, Y, or Z happened yet? Well, X
has, and that's kind of cool. Y and Z,
not
&gt;&gt; the Y has arrived, so we're just waiting
on Z. I don't know what to tell you. I
mean, why? We even got the Y L. That's
great. It's a heck of a car. So, my my
overarching message for this show,
because I'm going to be playing the bad
guy, Ry's going to push back. I'm going
to say the overarching message is if
this is stressing you out on a daily
basis, zoom out, diversify.
I mean, maybe look at a mutual fund.
Maybe talk to an adviser in person at a
local branch of somewhere. Um, see, I
don't want you guys to stress out. And a
lot of these things are coming, but when
you're in new territory, you can't
always know when and where it comes. So,
I'm going to share this tab to set it up
a little bit. Tesla spending skyrockets
as cyber cap semi mega pack production
timelines slip. So, why I mean, you
know, should I stress out about these
things, Randy?
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. So, you got to decide on
which kind of stress we're talking
about. So, there's the stress of
somebody who's in the stock. uh they
they they have a a deadline coming up.
Maybe they're in the the um options and
they've definitely got a a deadline
coming up. Um you know, they they've got
to get out of the stock in order to pay
their taxes or they've borrowed against
it from their from their uh their equity
line of credit. So, there's a whole
bunch of people out there that get
anxious because they've put themselves
in a situation where the where, you
know, they could be in trouble if
certain things don't happen uh in a
timely way. Then there's the people that
are more like me.
My my entire portfolio, unless something
really crazy happens, will be spent on
my grandchildren and my children and my
grandchildren, they're going to inherit
the whole thing. So it the price of the
stock on any given day or any given year
is pretty irrelevant to me. I'm not
planning to take any of it out to spend.
But I'm an entrepreneur, so I get a
little anxious because I'm like, "Oh
man, how come the," you know, so all the
stuff you're talking about, but it's
more like watching a movie on television
and wondering why the monster, you know,
is or why the kids are actually going to
open that door um in the haunted house
and to see what's behind it. I mean, so
you're it's that kind of anxiety. It's
kind of fun. It's kind of like part of
the game, part of watching baseball on a
Sunday afternoon.
&gt;&gt; So, let's talk about uh this one, Randy.
What? So, first of all, I love this
Dallas Morning News. Why Why are gold
Teslas suddenly showing up in Dallas?
Here's what we know. Love it. That's
hilarious. They got so many questions
they had to answer it. Why is, you know,
why can't I why can't Cybercap be
everywhere? And I know the philosophy is
uh slowly at first and eventually also
slowly. So what uh what's
what's going on? You know, should should
I worry that they're building thousands
of these and they may only be able to
deploy dozens or hundreds in coming
months?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'll just I'll just start
again. I'm an entrepreneur. I have
introduced thousands of products. I mean
literally more than a thousand products
in the course of my career and I've
helped over 400 companies uh with their
product lines as well as a consultant.
So I know a little bit about putting out
a new product and sometimes things
happen. I would love to know what, you
know, I've written three biography, two
short biographies and a full biography
about Elon Musk where I go back and look
at what we do now know that we didn't
know at the time. And it's fascinating.
But right now, we'd all love to be a fly
on the wall and find out why robo taxi
is so slow compared to projections,
compared to the guidance that we had in
the actual earnings call. Love to know
why. Now Elon says, "Well, we want to be
safe safe."
Um, okay. Maybe we want to be safe
because the insurance rates. I don't
know. Maybe we want to be safe because
we don't want to headline. That's what
Elon says. Uh, maybe we want to be safe
because we're just nice people and we
want to be safe and not hurt anybody,
not even your pet, as as Elon said the
other day. So, those are all
possibilities. Then there's the kind of
the middle ground, okay, which is we
have an infrastructure problem. We
didn't realize when we put the first
50und out there how much room and and
and how much equipment or whatever we
were going to need in order to do the
servicing, the washing, the parking, et
when the cars are not in use, all that,
the the charging up. So, we've decided
we needed more of that infrastructure
and we needed to plan it out the whole
country ahead of time and get it all in
place before we even start to do the
ramp locally. And so, that's taken us a
lot longer. Um, and then, uh, we have
the conversation the other day with a
shock and he's like, "Look, we're going
to build the cars to meet the
marketplace."
So, this was a new one, a brand new
idea. Okay. and that is
apparently they really don't want to put
out a million Model Y. What they want to
put out is a million cyber cams. Um and
so as they get more and more cyber cams
coming out, they will open up more and
more territories. Um and we'll see how
fast it starts to become he's talking
about double digits per week. Now double
digits is both 10 and 99.
So we could have
&gt;&gt; I thought it was two fingers.
&gt;&gt; We could have two fingers. We could have
a 10% increase per week or we could have
a 99 per we have a doubling every week
or something in between. And some weeks
it might be one and some weeks it might
be the other. But that's the number that
we have to go on right now.
&gt;&gt; Should I be stressed out? Should viewers
be stressed out?
&gt;&gt; No. I love what Larry Goldberg always
says. He says, "Look, whether it happens
this month or next month or in January,
the issue that should be in your mind
is, is it going to happen?"
&gt;&gt; Is it is if you're driving a Model Y or
Model 3 right now that's got FSD, do you
think this is a done deal? Do you
believe it could be,
&gt;&gt; you know, most people are like, "Yeah,
why don't they just do it now?"
&gt;&gt; Uh, that actually drive the cars. I did
have a fun one yesterday where uh I told
it to take me to Fred Meyer and I didn't
look at where it put the dot on the map,
but that's where it parked me in the
last second to last parking spot out in
no man's land.
&gt;&gt; I thought you needed the exercise.
&gt;&gt; It was I Well, what I It's where the DOT
was. It's where I accepted as the DOT.
And uh this wouldn't happen in a cyber
cab because in a cyber cab it would have
dropped me at the door.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and fine. I was like this is I mean
it's comical. It's hilarious. We'll get
the parking thing dialed in to more
comfortable levels, but the safety in my
view is solved. So not something we need
to stress out about. Um but you know
what? Really, Randy? I can't believe it.
Uh they're going to lose entirely lose
the robot race. Do you think the robot
market is limited enough that only one
company can win?
&gt;&gt; Okay, this is a little Randy Kirk
philosophy here based on you know my
largest business was five million in
sales
&gt;&gt; and that's the largest business on
little Randy Kirk. Imagine full-size
one. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; But you know that's a decent sized
business 100 employees. Do you know that
I have I made we made decent money. I
mean, serious money. I have uh when I
was consulting, I had uh mortgage
lenders. I had real estate brokers, one
no employees at all that were making
$500,000 a million dollars a year.
&gt;&gt; So, you don't need to have, you know, a
massive giant company or massive. So, do
I think that these other robot companies
will make money if they can figure out a
niche and they can sell it at a good
value and people like it and talk to
their neighbors about it? Yes. There's
going to be dozens, hundreds maybe, of
people that are successful in the robot
business. Elon is planning a completely
different robot unlike anything else
that anybody's planning to do, which
will really actually be versatile enough
to do pretty much anything.
&gt;&gt; And when when he's got that, that's he
he just did an interview the other day
and he's saying, "Yeah,
I think it was him, but maybe it was
somebody else. Oh, it was it was one of
his investors. I forget his name right
now. And he was saying uh maybe two to
three years before it can literally do
everything. I mean literally come in
your house and not just do folding of
clothes but you know fix your kids owie
uh teach them to play bad mitten you
know whatever you needed to do.
So the thing I would point out is almost
all of the leaders in robotics are in
China and I do not believe that those
robots will be allowed unlimited access
to western markets, the US and Europe uh
for national security reasons. I do not
have the kind of distrust of China that
others have. Um but I've lived there and
I've worked there and I've been there
recently. I'm not saying those fears are
unwarranted. I'm saying I just don't
share them to the degree that many do.
But I can see why a reasonable person
would say, "Hey, maybe don't put 10
million
soldiers on the streets of the US from a
foreign country. Maybe don't do that."
&gt;&gt; Uh I just thinking out loud so on that.
Um but you know there's also you know
mega packs Randy they're coming out so
slow. Should we worry about that? Is
that something I should, you know, the
Dallas uh location's not done yet? The
uh the China location isn't producing
quite as much as we had expected. Uh you
know, what's should is this something I
should stress out about or should I just
say, look, I can see it's happening. I
can see it's happening. Just these
people are working hard. I've toured the
Mega Pac factory in Leip. I've seen the
process. It's not something you can just
crack a whip and say, "Yeah," and make
them go faster. They're not horses. Uh
are is this something anyone should be
concerned about?
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. This is one that that
bothers me even if I'm not concerned.
So, it just bothers me. It's like it see
again I've started factories. Nothing as
complex as these mega pack factories,
but it's still a factory. And typically
once you've got it done,
you have this thing called scale or this
thing called cut and paste. Okay? So you
can scale within that factory and get
more and more and more and more. Get a
second shift, a third shift, a fourth
shift. Maximize the potential of getting
as much as you can out of that those
four walls. Um and then okay, I need
another one because I I still have
sales. Well, then you cut and paste. So,
with regard to Mega Packac, it just
seemed to me like we should be able to
cut and paste. Now, what we're seeing is
is that in Houston or near Houston where
they're doing the mega block factory, it
isn't cutting and pasting. They've
decided to do it different because the
thing that was slowing them down was
transformers because there's no
transformers. They're three to five
years out now. I don't know where they
got these transformers or whether they
built them themselves. I don't know
anybody that knows the answer to that,
but one way or the other, they
apparently have enough transformers to
open that factory fairly soon. It looks
like it's pretty much ready to go. So,
but that's a completely different
configuration, product, etc. So, that is
a new factory. Maybe they've decided
that they need to do the uh mega blocks
in um China as well in in the in the
Shanghai factory as well. And maybe that
is why we're currently capped at 20 uh
gigs when eventually we're gonna get
there's plenty of room uh to go to 40 or
more. So maybe they also made a decision
to shift. It wasn't that long ago. It
was around 20 probably 10 2011 when the
entire global supply of lithium
batteries was 45 to 50 gawatt hours and
we're asking one factory to output that
uh you know 40ish at le 40 to 50 really
50 out of Dallas another 40 plus out of
Shanghai and we haven't even talked
about the cars the cars are going to use
a couple of batteries and already do. Uh
so we are in uncharted territory and I
will just add this one because I think
we've covered enough but uh Tesla semi
could be a big deal for electric
trucking. Is this what the industry
needs right now? I'd seen another one
where the headline was something like
don't worry truckers, your job is safe
for one more year. Th this could be
huge. Um and actually I I did find it.
Musk says Tesla semi self-driving is a
year away. So truckers are safe.
&gt;&gt; Probably
&gt;&gt; the self-driving part. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; self-driving part. The self-driving. And
I do have people saying, you know, I'm
really frustrated by the semi. Why is it
taking so long to get everywhere? Why
aren't we already at 5 10,000 units? I
don't know the answer. Slow and steady
wins the race is part of my guess. Maybe
there's a shortage of 4680s. I don't
know. No, that doesn't that doesn't
appear to be the case because we're now
according to according to the the deck,
we're at 40 gigawatt hours at uh at
Austin. So, we're making a lot of a lot
of
&gt;&gt; Where are they going?
&gt;&gt; Well, they're going into the model.
They're going into what do you call it?
The cyber
&gt;&gt; Oh, cyber cab. The cyber truck. The
cyber cab.
&gt;&gt; There's not more than enough if they're
doing 40. So, I don't So, I don't think
that's the issue anymore. I'm guessing
the best guess that anybody could have
here. It's a it's a a difficult ramp.
100% new,
&gt;&gt; much of it being made by Tesla because
there is no supply chain. Um and you
just you just run into stuff, you know,
and uh I hope not. I hope they don't.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're working on that, too.
Here's the thing. I have met enough of
the engineers, enough of the executives,
enough of the factory workers and the
administrative workers to have absolute
confidence that they know what they're
doing and they're on the job. They are
working as hard as they practically can
and often harder than they should. I
trust these people. They're very smart,
very capable, very competent people,
wellplaced into their positions. I
agree. I would love to see more. Give me
more. I want more Cybert trucks. I want
more semis. I want more all of it. I
want more battery packs.
It's coming. It's coming. And if that
makes you uncomfortable, again, speak to
a a local financial advisor. Explain to
them your concerns, your stress levels,
and determine what's right for you. We
can't tell you that.
&gt;&gt; We can't.
&gt;&gt; We can't. Just making sure. Just making
sure we I was I was I was honestly
hoping you go ah but I can and then who
out your crystal ball but I once again
Randy doesn't have that's what I should
get him for his birthday.
It was right over there. But
&gt;&gt; so guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Did we bring your stress
level down a bit or did we just add to
it? I mean that's also possible. Not
ideal but it happens sometimes. Uh,
like, subscribe, head over to Ry's
channel, find out what he's all about. I
frequently go into the comments on
videos that I make on his channel. And
if you can't get enough Brian, A,
subscribe. I mean, you can do that. And
B, uh, maybe join me on one of my trips.
I'll be in Nepal uh, in August. I'll be
in Ethiopia in December. Do you want to
go to the capital of Ethiopia? Maybe we
can uh, make a spare room available for
you. I don't know. Uh, everybody else,
you know, like, subscribe, do what you
do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots
in Africa. I don't know.