Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Tesla Debate Just Got Heated
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlH8amDNEgU
Published:   2026-04-30 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-30 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Investors are frustrated. According to
some headlines, Tesla investors are
getting impatient with the company. Uh,
the hardware 3 is not going to update
the way we thought it would. Robo taxi,
such delays. A semi and roadster, such
delays. We're not going to do 20 million
units in a year. And there is too much
or too little focus on AI, depending who
you ask. It's all these distractions.
The stock just won't move.
I don't think I share a lot of those
concerns, but it's worth addressing. I
got my buddy Herbert here from Brighter.
He's going to make us exactly that. I
hope that's the promise. It's We'll see
if it if he does what it says on the
tin. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; I bet you didn't know you came in a tin.
Uh, that's all right. Learning new
things every day. Uh I get some of the
sentiment. Uh what I don't get is the
comments that I see are too often too
dishonest. People will say, "If you look
at the this many year uh history, it
hasn't moved." And I say, "Well, why
would you look at five years when you
could look at three? Why would you look
at six years when you could look at
seven?" you're intentionally excluding
uh the times when it would have been
more opportune to buy to frame a
narrative that suits you best. So,
ignoring that, we'll get to the why
doesn't the stock move at the end, but I
think it'll be apparent by then. Why
don't we go through them one by one?
Hardware three, it's it's not going to
be unsupervised. Are people right to be
frustrated? Hardware three cars. I
personally have one of our cars is a
hardware 3 car. So I am part of this
group uh that is you know obviously
bought FSD straight out cash some people
15,000 some people 12 some people 8,000
that's a lot of money to put in and yes
it's absolutely true that you know Elon
and Tesla has been positioned this as
that these cars will have the largest
asset increase ever. They will all
magically all turn into self-driving
cars. So yes, it is a big concern. But
two, if you don't own a hardware 3 car,
put it in perspective. Um my
understanding is that in the US there's
400,000 people that had bought this
straight out bought the uh one time
first aetime purchase of FSE straight
up. And in a course of the last several
years, at least half of them have
already upgraded to the AI4 car. So,
there's really only 200,000
uh Harbor 3 cars that are sitting there,
of which I am one. Is it a an issue?
Absolutely. But what did Tesla announce
in the earnings call? I'm happy as a
hardware 3 owner. Uh look what they did.
They announced that a you are still
going to get hardware 4 light and that
drops now maybe June, maybe sometime
later this quarter, the end of
&gt;&gt; 14 light.
&gt;&gt; V14 light. Sorry. Yes. Right. V14 light
which would give you most of you know
from parking to the end be able to
drive. By the way, my Hardware 3 car, my
daughter has it in LA and I told her
don't use it, but when I got there and I
used it for a whole week, it was
flawless in LA with the old version of
version of of uh full self-driving. So,
and then I said, you can you can go
ahead and use this. But when version 14
light comes in, it's gonna have it's
gonna be like the freaking car is
driving itself. Okay, so that's one
thing. But the second thing is that the
what they're suggesting the offer is
that we're going to do two things. One
is if you decide to upgrade to a brand
new car, uh we'll give you discounts to
sell your old car and buy the new car.
Great. Not a great thing. But when then
they said, "But we'll also upgrade your
current car." So if you have a hardware
3 car and you want to get new, by the
way, also cameras plus a new computer,
we'll upgrade it for you. Now, they
didn't say, "Do you have to pay for it?
Do we pay for it?" The assumption is
that Tesla will pay for it. And then
they said, "We'll have to create these
mini factories in the big cities." Uh,
and so they're you'll have to lose your
car for a week or whatever it is, but
they'll do it. So, that off offer,
again, we don't know the details, but it
is fantastic. I'm happy with that. It's
like, okay, you're going to go and
upgrade my car or I can upgrade and get
a discount. So, I'm very happy with the
solution. I'm confident that Tesla would
pay for that considering how much time
there's been. And if they paid 8, 12,
15,000, uh, I think they'll pay for it.
But here's the good news on those mini
factories, Herbert. You do have to go
and drop your car off. But
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure you have to pick it up.
&gt;&gt; No, you would have.
&gt;&gt; Why? It can just come to you.
&gt;&gt; Just send it to your house.
&gt;&gt; They won't they won't have unsupervised
yet. Yeah. Well, but they won't do it
until it's unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; Well, they said that these cars are not
going to be able to unsupervised. But if
they upgrade to hardware 4 and you
happen to be in a certain geog geography
because again the unsupervised will be
region by region roll out.
&gt;&gt; Herbert Wong everybody crushing dreams
one at a time. Uh what about the fact
that Elon lied about hardware 3?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean you know you cannot
&gt;&gt; Well, okay, let's let's break it down.
It's not a lie. A lie means you truly
know the answer, but you're going to say
the wrong thing anyways. The opposite
thing anyways. That's a lie. Uh but he
has been saying and he called himself
right the the guy what is it? The wolf
who cried the boy who cried FSD FSD.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Every year I wouldn't I'd be shocked if
we don't have a million Robocis next
year. I'd be shocked that we're going to
hit it this year. He's been saying that.
Now, did he truly believe it? I think he
truly believed that they were heading
that direction. U so but yes it's maybe
let's not call a lie but he was he's
absolutely misled a lot of people for
every year for multiple years. I do not
fight people who who I don't defend that
because it's a fact and it's true.
&gt;&gt; I just take issue with being a lie. He
was wrong. All the companies, if you go
back to 2012 through 2016,
&gt;&gt; there were dozens of companies who all
believed they would have it solved by
2020.
&gt;&gt; I some of them maybe were lying, but I
think almost all of them were just
mistaken.
&gt;&gt; You're right. I mean, it's not Tesla's
in Elon is not the only one who made
major promises. Why don't you go back
and take a look at Toyota? Go back and
take a look at GM, right? We will have
35 EVs by 2020. Didn't happen. Did they
lie? No. Now, ahead of Whimo at the time
in what, 2012 said, "My kids are in
school. I hope that they never have to
get a license." Uh, I think they
finished their doctorates and I
guarantee you they have licenses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. By this point. And and the other
thing too is that every time you you
listen back to what Elon said, he always
puts caveats, disclaimers. He'll say,
I'd be shocked if you know, I hope that
you know those whatever words he uses,
but he's always covered himself.
&gt;&gt; Let's get to the next big lie, Herbert.
We've got a bunch of these to get
through. Robo taxi. What a big fat lie.
Uh is it? I mean, should does, as an
investor,
&gt;&gt; I'm an investor. I'm not concerned. If
you're not an investor, I don't think
this applies to you. Uh but should
investors feel frustrated that robo taxi
rollout has been more slow and cautious
than uh than than rapid.
&gt;&gt; Oh, thank you for giving me a chance to
address this. This has been a hot topic
for me, me specifically, in the last
several days here. So, I want to clarify
to people what my position is on all
this because you I'm getting attacked
left, right, and center. People are
completely missing the point of what I
was trying to say. So let's let's break
it down. Uh what again Elon comments
Elon set these milestones up that did
not happen. He said that by the end of
2025 we're going to have 50% of the US
market will have access to robo taxi.
Did not happen in December 31st. Right?
Did not happen.
And then in January uh he said January
earnings call he said uh we should be
doubling uh how many robo taxis are in
service in Austin and California every
single month.
&gt;&gt; Did not happen. So when people say to me
you you you know and then of course the
earnings call happens and he said oh the
other thing he said was that we should
have he said it long time last year he
said that in by the second half of 2026
that robo taxi will be meaningfully
impacting the bottom line something like
that it was going to be a meaningful
significant uh impact and um and and it
did not h or or then in this earnings
call he said that I don't see it to be
super material by the end of this year.
It'll be material next year. And that's
the words that got a lot of people very
very upset because now he lied. Now he
it's all delayed. Everything's delayed.
And and uh what a shock. And so what I
was trying to tell people at the
Cyberbull show that we had on Friday was
well I personally had already in
December I had a show with uh W uh with
uh Warren Redick and he was saying he as
a Super Bowl in December was already
saying well we didn't hit the 50%
target. I don't expect that we're going
to have super material by the end of
this year
&gt;&gt; 2026. You know I agree with them then.
And now when you see that they you don't
see the doubling everything's delayed
because it has been delayed. I already
personally have not been expecting that
it was going to be material this year.
So for PE for when they and finally said
that it's like what a shocker. Well not
really for me. And so people assume that
I said it it wasn't delayed. Of course
it's delayed. Everything's delayed but
it was delayed in December not yesterday
or the earnings call.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So that was step one that it's and all
that. Now, the other thing is I would
ask everybody and I say, "How many robo
taxis do you think I would do this 3
months ago?" "How many robo taxis you
think by the end of this year?" "Well,
cyber cab, it's going to be 50,000." I'm
like, "Yeah, 15,000. Remember, it's
going to be slow. Remember, it's going
to be just the brand new process." I've
always have been communicating 15,000
robot uh cyber caps. So, again, where
are we at now? That's my estimate of
what does it mean when it's not super
material. But then people think that
I've number one, the funny thing is
everybody thinks I'm the opposite.
Think, "Oh, it's Herbert. He's a super.
He's the most bullish guy there is."
Well, why don't you listen? I don't ever
give stock targets ever. Somebody once
said, "Oh, there's Herbert's always got
a 10year horizon. I've never ever said
those words that I'm my investment is 10
years."
&gt;&gt; There's a lot of people who say it.
There's a lot of people say that like
you see Mark Ryan all those people. I
don't say that but yet it's tagged to me
as if I am the guy who says this or if I
interview somebody whatever they say is
all of us because I smiled and I said oh
interesting that's becoming my target
too.
&gt;&gt; You know how interesting.
&gt;&gt; So you know it. So I just want to
clarify folks. It's like if you go back
and take a look at me I'm actually not
the one making these predictions about
how far these things are going to go.
Having said that, did Elon um was there
a change? Yes. Is there a delay?
Absolutely. It's just I was just trying
to say it's delay based on your
expectations, but if you were shocked to
find out on the day of the earnings call
that that is a big deal. I I'm like
going, did you not change your
expectations already? I don't know,
right?
&gt;&gt; I'm getting hit on.
&gt;&gt; I get it. I didn't call you a liar. I
said that dirty Tesla. Not dirty Tesla.
That's Chris. He's not a liar. that that
old so and so Elon Musk. Uh, and the
thing is with robo taxi, with anything
that you do for the first time,
I it's hard to know when it's going to
happen. You know, uh, how many licks
does it take to get to the center of a
Tootsie Pop? Science cannot answer this
question. We've been focused on it for
40 years without success.
But we will get there. That's what the
cyber owl is for. I'm confident. What
about things like the semi delay? Semi,
we were expecting to see it in 2020. The
pandemic did hit, but the pandemic's
been over for a long time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know what happened.
&gt;&gt; I don't either. Uh, so there is the
Roadster and there's a semi. My guess is
simply that they are not the priorities
of the company. And, uh, that's, you
know, the Roadster is a fun project and
so it just keeps getting delayed. It's
not the priority. It shouldn't be the
priority for the company.
&gt;&gt; The semi. I've done so many shows two
years ago and there were people that
just love the semi. It's the most
important thing. It's the biggest thing.
It's bigger than we all expect. I was
never a fan of the semi. Like as in I
wasn't that excited,
&gt;&gt; you know.
&gt;&gt; Uh now the semi plus robo trucking, the
semi plus autonomy, that is massive and
that is exciting. But remember years ago
it wasn't. So remember you and I had a
show six months ago and we both came to
the conclusion at the same time together
that the reason it was delayed was
because autonomy is coming and with
autonomy they want to a redesign the the
semi and b do it for that reason now
there's no need to roll it out sooner
than that. So I think that that's maybe
what happened. I don't know. But
&gt;&gt; I will tell you my thought on it. And
should investors be angry? I don't think
investors should be angry. I think
shipping companies should be mildly
annoyed. Um it is frustrating. I will
agree with that from the perspective of
shareholders and fans. But I think that
the reason they if they'd have released
it in 2020, 2021, what they'd have
gotten was a bit of sales. A good amount
a decent amount of sales. not
necessarily a decent amount of margin
but once robo trucking can be
incorporated into it what they will see
is
substantially more not just sales but
revenue I don't think FSD for robo
trucking will be priced the way our FSD
is I think it'll be more like commercial
Starlink where you have a commercial
rate and a personal rate and for
trucking there's no reason to not charge
a significantly larger amount, an amount
that's more commensurate with the value.
Uh so I think I I get the frustration.
I'm not worried about it. I think what
happened is what we saw in the last 3
four years, which is Tesla pulling back
in investing. They did not want to
create a gig in Mexico. They did not
create more mega pack factories that I
was saying. I was hoping that they were
going to announce two more because once
you got one going and you got second
going, why not announce the next one?
They didn't. And then I think they did
not want to invest in a semifactory. Now
everything just got pushed because they
are Elon is very very tight about when
he wants to spend money. Things have
changed in the last 6 months. He is now
verbally and money's flowing and now
they're saying we are going to go full
force. Six factories are all happening
at the same time. So why do that? He's
worried. He was worried about the e
economy. He's worried about his own uh
delivery. And again, the most important
thing is solving autonomy. And once he
solve autonomy, everything is on the
table again. Go ahead and build as many
semis as you can, as many robo, you
know, cyber cabs, many different
vehicles. Now, I think that's what's
happened. I also think that if they'd
have tried to build some of these
products earlier, a compact, the semi,
that the battery supply simply would not
have kept up in 2020. There was no way
to build the semi. There weren't enough
batteries. It just was not going to
happen. They could ask Panasonic to
expand. Panasonic didn't seem terribly
thrilled at the idea. So, I think that's
all reasonable frustrations. I think
something to temper them is what we're
doing here. I've seen comments recently
switching to AI. I've seen comments
recently, and I am not kidding you,
saying that Tesla has focused too much
on AI and also that Tesla's not focused
enough on AI. They're giving all the
good AI to to X AI and we're over here
with no A. And I'm like, you guys, I I
don't what it appears to me Tesla's
working on is AI for the car at Cortex,
you know, FSD University and Cortex 2
just north of it on the same campus,
Optimus University. I don't think
Tesla's working on things like language
model or making cool pictures. I think
their AI is focused on real world
applications. Should we be frustrated
that Tesla's spending too much or too
little on AI? hard topic to answer
because two years ago I was very very
adamant that Tesla needs to invest
billions tens of billions 20 billion is
you know the number uh in data centers
and AI and uh and they they finally name
obviously started doing that now and you
watching all these other AI companies
putting out the money but you look at
actual action and you see like you just
said Tesla Tesla specifically has Cortex
uh the largest second largest
supercomputer in the world next to
Colossus which XAI owns and now they're
building Cortex 2 which is going to be
the largest you know supercomputers in
the world. So despite them not putting
out the tens of billions of dollars that
you wanted to hear last year, they are
still producing these and look at the
outcome, right? Tesla is the only real
world AI, visionbased AI, which is the
holy grail to be able to understand the
context of what you're looking at. And
then it's turning out Elon's strategy is
vision is the actual like uh it's the
thing that changes the world like
because it's physics aware physics
accurate context aware and using just
vision. No one else can do this. Others
are trying to use videos from YouTube to
be able to replicate it. Tesla has the
most. And so they're doubling down. So
am I worried? I was. But now you're
looking at two mega computers buildings
being built for this and uh now we're
there's no there's few people that are
ahead of us when it comes to vision-
based AI. So pretty happy with the
progress.
&gt;&gt; So is it I mean I think what I hear you
saying is it's not uh not enough and
it's not too much. Is that
&gt;&gt; are you saying mama bear?
uh for I I thought it was not enough.
Now I'm seeing that we are the leaders
in the space, but is it not is should
they invest more? I'm still on the camp
that they should be investing a ton
more. I do want to see that. But you
know how Elon is he's very good with
capital management
&gt;&gt; and uh he's going to spend it when he
needs to spend it. He never spends it
ahead of time. Now you're hearing him
talk terraab. Terrafab is the chips that
then power the supercomputers. So that
is the greatest news I I was hoping for.
We are going to create our own GPUs
instead of having to buy it from Nvidia.
Now we're going to do both, right?
&gt;&gt; He's going to create it. So that any
movement there is the greatest possible
news you got. He So Elon is not going to
be beaten in terms of AI. He's not going
to be beaten in terms of C compute
power. He knows in fact he's the he's
the guy that's saying to everybody in
the world like right now the concern I
had just about three months ago because
I'm playing with anthropics cloud code
and I'm playing with opening eyes codeex
and these things these have become so
good that now they've reached recursive
improvement which means that the code
that you built is now so good that it's
building you the next version of itself.
So think about the thing that you're
building
is is is actually what you use at the
tool to build the thing that you want to
build and then it gets recursive gets
better and better and it gets to take
off and you can watch and see cloud code
announcing one feature after another
every single day. How do they do that?
Because it's all their own coding system
that's building that. Then I thought,
okay, XAI is in trouble. Tesla's in
trouble because these guys are now take
off. They're going to get so good. I
mean, Larry reminded me that you haven't
seen anything yet. The and then what
we're seeing now is both is that
specifically Anthropic is becoming
compute constrained. And so now their
Opus 4.7 is been dumbed down. It's been
nerfed because they don't have enough
compute to run it. So, uh, Elon is
brilliant building the largest
supercomputers in the world, buying
cursor or wanting to buy cursor. Xi
partnered with Cursor to have their
version of it. But if you put them in
the largest supercomputers and then
guess where even bigger is outside of
earth so be outside of cortex one and
cortex 2 and outside of colossus one and
colossus 2 and colossus 3 is go to earth
space no one can match that and at that
point the intelligence that he's going
to have for both Tesla and XAI and
SpaceX is going to be you won't be able
to compare it to what these guys are
doing on Earth. I love that there will
come a day when Google or Meta or
someone says, "Did you know we have the
most powerful computer network
&gt;&gt; on earth?"
&gt;&gt; Just it's on I got to be very clear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not interesting.
&gt;&gt; Not total. And by the way, the idea of a
computer designing the next computer ah
Douglas Adams did it ages ago. We saw
this coming. He was a very brilliant
man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, then of course the
question is because we're talking about
SpaceX and data centers and colonizing
the moon, uh, I assume not just with his
offspring, but we'll find out. Uh, does
this mean, and this is something I've
seen investors concerned with, so-called
self-proclaimed investors, I don't know
if they really are, he's distracted. I
was I literally was asked this question
just yesterday. Uh, apparently there's
articles out there being written saying
that Elon is just no longer focused on
Tesla. And I had to explain, wait guys,
uh, what has Elon been doing the last
several se seven, eight months, every
single weekend he spends on AI5 chips,
chips, chips
&gt;&gt; with the team.
&gt;&gt; He is so focused on Tesla because of
AI5. Now, now that that's been taped
out, he's working on Dojo and the
others. Now he's talking terapab and
terraab is a joint project between Tesla
and and and SpaceX. So that is what
they're focused on. Who's going to
provide the the solar power? Who's going
to provide the chips? It's Tesla. So
this whole move to a AI based data
centers, it's half Tesla. In fact, more
somebody gave me the um I think it was
Brian Wang who pointed out that in a
data center in space 80% of the cost of
that data center is Tesla the chips.
So,
&gt;&gt; hey, uh, you know, uh, other CEOs have
collections of jets that they may fly or
sailboats or, uh, maybe they spend weeks
at a time on, you know, uh, cruises on
their private yachts. Are they
distracted, too, or is it just when
somebody's hobby is different cool nerd
stuff? Because Elon has explained that
he's got these little compartments in
his head. We all do. You've got your
work compartment, your hobby
compartment, your family compartment.
And in each of those, he's just got
different work ideas. If that's Look, if
I if I had any whole percentage of his
money, I don't know if you'd see me
again.
&gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. Most of most people would
not be working 24/7. So if he's
distracted, does it it just means that
he's working 60 hours a week on Tesla
instead of uh 80 Tesla now he's doing 30
hours a week on SpaceX or whatever
number whatever.
&gt;&gt; I think if someone wishes to tell me
he's distracted by the Boring Company or
Neurolink, I would argue he is not. I
believe his role is advisory. Uh I
believe that's something that could be
handled in an hour or two a week. Um,
then you get to SpaceX where Gwen calls
the shots quite well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um,
&gt;&gt; I can't wait, by the way. Yeah. When if
it happens that SpaceX and Tesla merge,
I'm crossing my fingers and hoping to
God that Gwen Shotwell will become the
new COO for Tesla as well.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if she has the headsp
space, but I wow,
&gt;&gt; we've seen such fantastic leadership out
of both companies. So Herbert, if I pick
the exact right window, I can show you
that Tesla stock doesn't move.
Now, if I show you a different window,
you'll be, "Oh, that's actually a really
solid return." Uh, do investors have a
right to complain that their person like
like you just said,
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing we need to always
remember is the audience is made up of
the Tesla investor audience is made up
of many different kinds of investors.
There's the people who just bought a
week ago
&gt;&gt; and they're so worried. There's the
people who are playing options and they
wanted to see and they thought that
after earnings the stock was going to
skyrocket and so they're really pissed
at what they heard at the earnings call.
It was bad bad news. Then there's the
people who are long-term holders and
they don't care. So you have to just
keep that in mind. And when did they
buy, right? So the people who bought
decades ago, they don't care. But the
people who bought it like yeah six
months ago, two years ago, three years
ago, they're sitting on either flat or
lowered price point. So they do have the
right to absolutely be upset. But you
know, you just have to learn what is
this investment and why are you in this
investment if you can't stomach the it
is one of the most volatile stocks there
is because it is built on stories and
these stories are inventions that are
about to happen that are impossible. So
if you don't think the company's about
to do it, don't don't buy into that
company because it is very much like a
startup. Like you're hoping to God that
they solve this thing that they promise
will happen. But if it doesn't happen,
company's not going to succeed because
most of its valuation is based on a
promise. But if they do solve it, it is
gamechanging. Like a car there, they're
they're a car maker today. They make
what anywhere sometimes $5,000 per one
time sale. onetime pocketing or $7,000
to robo taxi where they'll make $30,000
per year at the minimum every year for
at least three five years ongoing.
That's the difference between one
business and the other business and
we're making that transition now. So
yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I'm I'm with you. When it
comes to uh your appetite for risk, I
took a bigger risk than I was
comfortable with early on because it was
such a small amount of money and it's
done well enough that I don't have to
focus on daily uh price changes,
fluctuations, but I won't trade options
for that very reason. And if whatever
you're invested in is making you lose
sleep, I really think you should pick
something else regardless. Uh and in
terms of stocks, where's it going to go?
Uh we don't know. Uh when we say that
SpaceX is going
&gt;&gt; when we say SpaceX is going to the moon,
we don't mean the stock. We mean
Starship. Guys, I I don't know how to
explain this any better. Um so guys, uh
I want to thank Herbert for uh not just
showing up, but also uh answering the
tough questions. He gets a lot of heat.
Uh, that explains why he's so hot. Guys,
what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Head over to Herbert's channel,
find out what he's up to. And everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.