Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       This Is The Tesla Debate Everyone Is Watching
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2amzm2Uqs4
Published:   2026-04-02 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-02 13:44 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla is either going to $10 trillion or
dropping 60%. It depends if you're
listening to the Tesla bulls or the
Tesla bears. And both sides think
they're right. Kathy Wood says robo
taxis could create a 10 trillion market
with Tesla hitting 80 to 90% margins,
completely changing the business. But
then you've got HSBC who say that the
stock could crash 65% pointing to
slowing EV demand, shrinking margins,
and BYD taking the lead. So who's right?
Here's the catch. The bears are right
about one thing. The car business is
under pressure. But they're missing the
bigger shift. Tesla isn't just selling
cars anymore. It's building robo taxis,
humanoid robots, energy infrastructure,
and even terowatt scale AI compute. So,
this isn't really a debate about Tesla
today. It's a bet on whether the future
shows up fast or slow. Because if it
shows up fast, this stock doesn't
gradually go up, it reprices. We've got
Joe Bacti here with us today. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
&gt;&gt; Welcome back.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk uh bulls first and then we'll
talk bears and we'll kind of ease out
eek out um what we think is the right
parts of both arguments. Here's Kathy
Wood. Robo taxi is Elon's ultimate gift
to patient Tesla shareholders. She said
the autonomous taxi market is about to
explode from 1 billion today to 10
trillion opportunity in just 5 to 10
years because it's not just robo taxi,
it's going to be personal
transportation. This could completely
transform Tesla's economics gross
margins from 16% to 80 to 90% full
integration giving Tesla's cost 50%
lower than Whimo by 2030. It's a win or
take most. Let's listen to what she
says. I do think Elon wants to reward
those of us who have been patient
shareholders uh with the robo taxi uh
takeoff and uh and now that analysts are
being forced to look at this new world
they are seeing Tesla's model shift from
16% gross margins in electric vehicles
to ultimately with robo taxis just that
opportunity segmented
That's 80 to 90% gross margins,
&gt;&gt; but it's still a very competitive
market, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It well
it seems so. There are a lot of
companies trying to enter.
&gt;&gt; Um, we do think this is a winner
takemost market. uh because the company
to get passengers from point A to point
B the safest uh the fastest and the
least expensively and that last one is
where Tesla will ultimately win uh will
win the lion share. It's a little bit
like Uber andyft. There's a network
effect and uh and and so we think Tesla
will win the lion share. So
&gt;&gt; what do you think about that Joe? um
she's been saying this for quite a long
time now that it's going to be a winner
take most um scenario. Do you agree with
that?
&gt;&gt; Well, as I mentioned before, in my
opinion, this is all a function of
timelines. If Tesla gets it done this
year, if Tesla can scale this year, if
Tesla solves the FSD problem in a
commercial robo taxi sense this year,
it's a winner take most, which is Tesla.
If Tesla gets delayed two years or
something like that, I would say two
years, they need 24 months more, they
will be in trouble because other people
will then start to solve it too. And
other automakers will be prepared to do
it, not just Whimo.
If Tesla solves it this year, which you
and I, I think, clearly believe, right?
But let's see. Then Tesla will have the
perfect storm. They will have Cyber Cap.
They will have by far the cheapest and
by far the best hardware platform. They
will have no rivals. No one else can
scale right now, not Whimo and not
anyone else. And they basically have no
competition for about 12 to 18 months.
In that time, they can deploy probably
500,000, maybe even a million of these
things, plus they have their entire
fleet ready to do it. And so then
they're off to the races. Maybe the
truth is that it's not black or white.
Maybe you just don't solve it in one
swoop. Maybe I don't know maybe they
have issues, edge cases, cities. Maybe
they have to take it slow. But uh if
that is the case, I think Tesla has
another two years or so to get to scale
before anyone else to have a winner take
most because at that point network
effects kick in and all these things. At
that point in 2029, let's say, if then
the first one can actually compete,
they can't compete anymore on a network
level, right? they just don't have the
scale, they don't have the brand, they
don't have the the deployment levels and
the density and the weight times, then
they can then Tesla beats everyone just
on a network effect level. So, I think
that's kind of the game. I think we have
a two-year two-year time frame uh and
with every month with every quarter
where it doesn't happen, Tesla loses the
edge. But right now, they would have an
absolute edge. There would be no
competition.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the I like your thinking.
I'm just uh even two years though, let
me I like your thinking. I'm gonna stick
with two years, but I'm just gonna say
the opposite side of it, which is okay,
Tesla's already got a factory. They
already have Cyber Cab. CyberCAB is
starting to come out. Let's say that
it's completely delayed and they are
very slow to get this out. But two years
from now,
which company is going to start spitting
out how many of their cars are going to
spit out and they'll be just starting as
well, too. So
&gt;&gt; well but I think then you run into
issues because Whimo is scaling. Whimo
sets the pace for the rest of the OEMs.
They see okay now we have to take it
very seriously. We all believe it's
happening now. Autonomy is here in the
next three four years whatever. And that
means you have people who can compete
with Tesla on a manufacturing level now
paying a lot of attention like
Volkswagen, Toyota and the Chinese and
stuff. And if they start really going,
if they have enough time to actually
plan out autonomous platforms, which
they already have have on the hardware
level, and then figure out the software,
it's just getting a little more sketchy.
Let me put it like this.
&gt;&gt; I buy that. Okay. So, let's uh listen to
the rest of what you said. If we're
right then globally the revenue
generation from uh autonomous taxis is
going to sca globally including China is
going to scale to north of 10 trillion
within the next 5 to 10 years and we're
talking about only a billion dollars
right now. Uh and again lion share will
go to a few companies the platform
providers will get most of the profits.
Tesla is a platform provider. Whimo is
as well. But Tesla because it's
vertically integrated from a
manufacturing point of view, we believe
that by 2030
its costs will be 50% lower than Whimo's
costs given what we know now.
&gt;&gt; And so it will be able to pass those
lower costs on and provide a less
expensive ride.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So she's been mentioning this a
while. a lot of people don't she's been
talking about it's in her report but
many people don't um absorb that which
is she's saying this this is not just
I'm going to beat Uber and lift this is
personal transportation
in 2030 that's like in 5 years from now
four years from now it's going to be
personal transportation it's going to be
$10 trillion market not just uh I mean
it's binary right if it works robot taxi
works this isn't just going to replace
ride hill when the costs go down under a
dollar that's when you can start
replacing personal transport expation.
She says 10 trillion. Do you agree with
those numbers?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty much. I think the
opportunity is enormous and it might be
bigger because of German's paradox and
stuff like that. Maybe the consumption
goes up if transportation becomes so
cheap. Personal trans trucking trucking
is not talked about enough. That's a
giant opport. It's like doubles the
entire opportunity. And this is all
Tesla's territory. It's all coming down.
I repeat myself all the time. It it
comes always down to the technology.
Does it work? When does it work? The
technology and the timeline. And if 2026
is the year this happens, yeah, it's
game over. Tesla is going to take this
entire thing over. If it's two years
delayed, 2028,
it's just going to, you know, I I think
with it's like exponential with every
quarter Tesla doesn't do it. Now, the
race is on because Nvidia is pushing
very hard and Nvidia are not dummies.
They are working with all the OEMs. It
takes everything takes long. That's why
Tesla has the advantage now. But the
longer it takes, the more you risk a
Chinese, a German, a Japanese coming in
and saying, you know, we are betting the
house. Toyota just said they're busy
toast if they don't do anything. So now
these very big ones who can compete with
Tesla on a manufacturing level. You give
them too much time to listen to Yensen
Wang and and and steering this entire
Titanic ship towards self-driving. Sure,
at some point they're going to solve it.
They're not that dumb, but they're
behind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. They're already
working on it. And there's no doubt that
some companies are trying to create. My
point being that it's all about creating
cars. Uh the technology is one thing,
but it's about how fast and how many
cars you can create that is uh capable
of robo taxi. Okay. Yeah. So, that is
the positive bull. She's the most bull
of most Tesla bullish uh people out
there. So let's look at the uh first of
all we'll start with a you know your
favorite which is institutional analysts
who just waver with the wind and then
we'll go with a true bear. So this is um
you know nothing shocking here but can
accord analyst George
still says it's a buy but oh for some
reason his price target now is 420
instead of 520. I wonder why. because
the stock fell and now his analysis has
changed because of that. He doesn't
actually even explain it. He despite the
lower price target, he maintains an
unwavering belief in the inevitable
transition to electric transport. He
also slightly raised his Q1 forecast of
370 up from his previous estimate of
367. Additionally, Gina Rica spotlighted
the Terra project, a venture centered on
the galactic scale innovation. I mean
the though the ambitious path through
redefining semiconductor supply chain is
paved with immaterial risk. Elon is
perhaps the only figure who can do it.
So he's very very bullish but nope I'm
going to go ahead and reduce my price
target regardless
&gt;&gt; because of the price fell.
&gt;&gt; Well I think these guys and their way of
doing business they're on the way out.
Like if I look at what we are doing in
pioneer lands, how everyone chips in, we
are building cool models like we just
know more than them and now we have the
crowd intelligence on our models and I
think you know they are becoming more
and more erratic. They're just saying oh
I slash it. I'm bullish but I slash it
anyway. So it makes less and less sense
and they're not explaining enough how do
they how do they even get there. I think
Arc Invest is different. I think they're
providing the model. They're providing a
lot of insight. These are deeply
researched models. They're getting the
timelines much more wrong than us, but
they are getting the the qualitative
research right. But I think most of
these bank analysts, they simply don't
have the time or the knowledge to do it.
They have too much to cover. It's just
another stock. They do a little PE math
like, "Oops, change the PE." And then,
you know, they're really falling behind.
It's an unfair competition, of course,
because we do this all day long. We just
know much more the whole crowd, the
Tesla tubers and the retail analysts and
arc. uh and we only focusing on a few
stocks. So, I'm not saying it's a fair
competition, but these guys just don't
know enough. It's just random.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so let's talk about HSBC because
they are fully bearish and they are
giving their reasoning why. So, HSBC
flags alarming risk for Tesla stock
investors, warns that Tesla stock could
crash 65%.
Um, okay. What is it's optimism about
AI, robo taxis, and autonomous driving.
But beneath the surface, cracks are
starting to form. A new warning from one
of Wall Street's banks is sounding
alarm. Could the stock be headed for a
much deeper drop? So, it shares of
course already fell 362 down 19%, but a
lot of other companies fell as well. Uh,
the decline may not be over. They think
it can fall as much as 60%, as much as
65%. What's driving the bold call? Well,
let's read it. Um,
valuation pressure and slowing momentum
in the core business. So, they say that
vehicle deliveries well uh declined in
2025. Okay. Production also decreased
5.5% year-over-year. Yeah, we already
know that. That's old news.
um faces global pressure which is again
I'm shocked that they're saying this
because uh I'll show you numbers but
BYYD yes they beat them for one
particular quarter but then since then
they've had quarter upon quarter profit
loss and just recently this 19% and
their blood bath they're really in big
trouble they're the ones in trouble
Tesla's uh share in uh of EV sales in
the US popped back right up to 60% which
is what it was at the very beginning
mean because All the other companies
have pulled back. They're not selling
EVs anymore. So, I'm curious why they
think that that's the case. No new
vehicles since the Cybert truck. Fine.
In fact, getting rid of two more
vehicles and long-term growth bets keeps
investors divided.
So, okay. So, they just think that um
sales fell for the second year in a row.
Yes. Again, all old news here. What
would you what should you watch for
next? whether vehicle demand stabilized
in key markets. Um was it uh Pier
Farrau? No. Yeah. No. No. Um was it uh
one of the analysts came out yesterday
and said that even if the Q1 results
which will be known in a couple days
here by Thursday even if they're lower
than analyst expectations it it's not
going to move the stock because he says
that it's actually uh stabilization is
what they're looking for post the IRA
credit. So, you know, we'll see. Demand
stabilizing key markets, progress on AI,
competitive pressure from global. Yeah.
Okay. These are all basic points.
Anyways, what's your thinking about
their argument?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's the old argument. It's like
the question, is it a car company or
not? So, they say it's a car company,
there is nothing else. That's of course
a little dumb. Uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then you're in this argumentation
territory. Uh, I I would split the
argument into two pieces. First of all,
is it just a car company? they say yes,
we say no. Okay, then you're already in
a on a different, you know, piece of
paper on a different sheet. Um, but then
even if it's just a car company, I think
their assessment is wrong. I would say,
yeah, it's of course it's overvalued if
it's just a car company. But them then
saying as a car company they're going
down, I think that's the wrong
assessment. I think we will all be very
surprised. I think if you look at the
global car market, they're all in giant
trouble. The Chinese have created like
an unsustainable level of competition.
They don't have any margins. They're all
going down. The others too, we have now
tariffs and everything. Like protective
meas measures by the European Union and
the United States against China. Tesla
is the only company, the only car
company in the world that is on all
three continents that does is not
affected by the tariffs too much and
that prints enormous amounts of money
compared to the others when you look at
the margins. And uh so I think people
will be surprised even on the car side
that Tesla is actually on an up trend
like a relative uptrend that's very
strong and semi semir is coming so I
don't think that alone would justify the
valuation but the argument is weak right
even as a car company relative to the
others Tesla has incredible strengths
which is a testament to Elon and his
team because what they actually solved
for is the machine that builds the
machine. That's why they have such high
margins. They are producing a car that's
extremely profitable. That is like way
beyond anything that China can do in
terms of margins. And when I talk to
people out there and they say, "Oh,
Tesla is not good. Like the BYD is
better, blah blah." Well, look at the
margins. If you build a car that just
loses money, I can build a car probably
that loses money. So,
you know, I would double reject that
whole notion. Uh but at the core of the
story is the question,
do you discount robo taxi and Optimus to
zero and space chips uh or not? And of
course, if Tesla wouldn't have these
three things, I wouldn't invest in
Tesla, but they do have these things and
they're massive. They're also a massive
part of their R&amp;D and there's massive
amounts of talent in there. There's
massive amount of technology already
deployed. So to ignore that is a little
ignorant in my opinion. Yeah, you were
talking about uh does BYYD make money
and this is the latest news. BYD missed
earnings enters brutal new phase of
competition. Entering a tougher phase
after releasing weaker than expected
financial results, the chairman himself
described the current environment as
having reached a fever pitch and is
undergoing a brutal knockout stage. They
are struggling. They have a 19% fourth
quarter uh over keep reduction in
profit. um you know multiple quarters in
a row sharp drop and like you're saying
even though that they've increased their
sales their profitability keeps going
down which is an indication uh that
you're right and then um Jeff Lutz kind
of pointed out another point which is
these guys sell their cars to dealers
and so when they're profitability fell
or sales went up but profitability fell
that tells you something that they're
pro you know to what we don't have any
idea if they're stuffed the dealers so
much that they can't stuff them anymore
more and so they're already profitably
down. So even their sales numbers are in
question whether or not they really did
outsell Tesla regardless. And then by
the way, God's Eye, which is their
version of driver assist and their
version of false self-driving has major
problems. Um you know here you can see
it from the article but also I reported
on it uh has drawn complaints from
users. It's not got good mapping. It's
very slow. It doesn't really work. So
everybody who kept saying at the past
BYD is a Tesla killer. Okay. They're
struggling as well. Um Joe, do you think
though that the you know, so the the
other point I want to bring up is that
Tesla's FSD is gotten so good now and
we're starting to see a change in
sentiment now. We're war we're starting
to see people who are skeptics of Tesla
discover FSD watching it drive
themselves everywhere
uh perfectly. And I'll keep repeating to
you because you know you're in Europe
and you're going to find out soon,
right? that uh you're going to hopefully
get FSA approved there. But I've not
touched my steering wheel for over a
year. And in the last week and I went to
Vancouver, everywhere. Vancouver,
Canada. Perfect. Everywhere. I mean,
anywhere I go right now. I I basically
am listening to podcasts and I'm doing,
you know, it's it's uh and and I'm not
the only one who's reporting them. So,
&gt;&gt; version is coming out, too. I mean we
will have 14.3 probably in the next two
weeks in my opinion. So
&gt;&gt; So that that will that will be a demand
driver. So if you know this whole thing
about this is a time that you're going
to say that the auto sales are going to
fall at the same time that FSC is
coming. I mean yes it's been struggling
but this could be the kind of the the
total differentiator from any other car
out there. Of course, the funny thing is
it's a all or nothing a little bit
because if FSD is really that great,
then we also get robo taxi and don't
even need that anymore. But uh and if it
doesn't work, then it's a weaker sales
driver and we don't get robo taxi. So,
it's kind of a double whammy. But I
think it's in the end it boils down to,
you know, I try to always be very
self-critical about like are we
delusional? Is FSD like not there yet?
But at the same time it's very obvious
that the rest of the world even the rest
of the world believes that Nvidia and
all these people are getting there in
the next two years and of course Tesla
is far ahead. So actually it all pans
out right if Nvidia would really get
there in two years of course Tesla
should be there this year because they
invested much more money and time and
data even if they wouldn't have a big
edge. So um I think it's the year it's
very hard to you know it's easy to lose
faith after 5 years of waiting and 10
years of delays but at some point it's
the point and I think all the facts
point to April or May being an
inflection point.
&gt;&gt; Uh in a previous show I uh you had said
something about Tesla's stock. uh you
were saying that there's a certain
amount of how low it can go because
there's a lot of cash out there.
Institutions are going to support it
even if retail decides to drop it. What
how low do what's your guess of
potential floor? Because this guy is
saying here it's going to drop 60%.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I basically think that we uh are
going with the market that I I basically
described it like this in Q4 around 17th
of December or something. I said, "Okay,
prepare this thing to go down because
there are no catalysts until April.
Prepare it to slowly deflate relative to
the market. If the market crashes, Tesla
will crash and there is no floor, right?
Market crashes, market crash. Tesla just
crashes with the market with a beta of
two like everyone else like Nvidia, like
everyone, like Apple. So, um, not with a
factor of two, but whatever their betas
are. So, now we have this Iran
situation. So, yeah, that came on top of
it. But also relative to that, Tesla is
deflating exactly as I predicted and
will keep deflating slowly deflating
relative to the market until we have the
FSD situation solved. But I think that
might happen very soon. And if that
happens, it's a complete gamecher
potentially. It's a complete repricing
of the stock.
&gt;&gt; Can you be more specific? Yeah, because
I know you've been very specific about
the number of vehicles that needs to be
in a robo taxi network and that to you
your favorite word forcing function of
true price repricing, but in this very
very short term, what do you mean by FSE
solved? What do you mean by you know
that the
&gt;&gt; I would if I had to like I I always came
up with my 2,800 rubbo taxis full-time
deployed, fully commercial deployed,
unsupervised, 200 miles a day.
&gt;&gt; That's my math. And at 2,000 roughly at
1,800 you would get to 5% of free cash
flow of Tesla 2024. And I think that is
not just an inflection point that's a
forcing function for all institutions.
If you have a 10 20% growth rate a month
&gt;&gt; to say oh my god this thing is going to
double cash flow in no time. In no time
and then the panic breaks out
&gt;&gt; and then the next hurdle will be TAM.
The next hurdle will be but how large
can it grow? Is it a 100,000? Is it a
million? Is it 10 million? Is it a 100
million robo taxis? Right? Then people
will discuss that and that will define
the repricing. That's why I think it
will repric to a thousand then it repric
to 2,000 every time they will stop and
say but this that's it there's no more
TAM you can only replace Uber and then
they will replace Uber plus 100% and
then say well maybe you can get 10% of
the car market or 5%. And they get 10%
and maybe you can get 20. So this will
continue and every time they will put a
new floor uh ceiling in but I do think
big picture if the market doesn't
completely tank which I don't think it
will like today it's up like crazy so or
on Tuesday and um so I do think if Tesla
pulls it off to have multiple tens of
thousands by end of this year cyber caps
20,000 or something I'm not saying it
will but if the stock could absolutely
at a minimum double from here or more. I
think it could hit a thousand to be
honest.
&gt;&gt; Sorry.
&gt;&gt; What did you just say? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think
&gt;&gt; the stock because when I look at my
model, this the fair value if things
happen the way I predict is roughly
about 800 right now. That's my fair
future value of the stock if it would
scale that way. So, if we get to that
trajectory,
uh, it can easily overshoot because then
people go nuts about it.
&gt;&gt; But you're still sticking with the 2,000
robo taxis on the roads.
&gt;&gt; That's the that's the inflection point.
That's the point where it reprices.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; If it then keeps scaling to multiple
tens of thousands, north of 10,000
significantly before December, I think
it can go above a thousand. That's what
I think.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. No, but just to be clear,
you're waiting for 2,000 robo taxes.
That's it. If prior to that stock
&gt;&gt; I'm not wait I am not
&gt;&gt; that does No, I'm not waiting for that.
I'm saying at that point no one else is
going to wait.
&gt;&gt; That's what I'm asking you then. What
are what would be the signals you're
waiting for to really show that this is
working?
I'm looking for the earliest point in
time where I can become confident that
this happens and for me that is April
14.3 probably seeing on X reports that
people say oh my god this is just
perfect now
&gt;&gt; and cyber kept rolling up and being
unsupervised and we hitting multiple
dozens of these things that's when I get
trigger hungry
&gt;&gt; trigger finger right then I say okay I
need to really go in depending on the
market situation is if we don't have a
massive crash risk anymore because you
need to front run it, right? You can't
wait until it's a 2000 and you're toast
in terms of
&gt;&gt; Okay, well those are good answers. So
basically cyberc cab roll out that are
no steering wheels uh b unsupervised uh
growing more cities but of course 14.3
if and if you add up those things that
gives you enough to know
&gt;&gt; I mean to be clear like my positioning
right now because I cover this all the
time on my channel like pioneer alpha is
like what we do like how do we how do we
generate more alpha over Tesla than
holding just Tesla and the key is timing
and we're talking about weekly timing
right that's how you do it so I'm
actually at the smallest Tesla position
I've been in a long time right now. But
it's extremely tactical and it was very
smart. I absolutely outperformed it last
week and the week before because of
Iran. So I'm on a minimum position, not
just Tesla, but the entire portfolio is
absolutely minimized because I see this
situation as very dangerous. Now I'm
shifting right since Tuesday. It's very
clear, okay, some Trump is completely
exhausted from this. he wants absolutely
desperately out and I think it's going
to happen now. He also has this timeline
of six weeks he gave Israel. So this is
the overarching theme. In addition,
April is coming up and we know Cyber Cap
is kind of on track. So I'm going to
flip very likely. I don't know when
exactly, maybe this week, maybe
beginning of next week, but it's time to
aggressively flip bullish in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; There you go. But you have to be
cautious because Iran like it's all
about Iran on a very tactical level
because if you go super bullish and
leveraged or something because cyber cap
is coming and then someone nukes
someone, cyber cap is not going to help
you. So you need to watch out for the
whole situation. But I you know that's
that's that's the high suspense
situation. Tesla is potentially at an
inflection point while we have extreme
tail risk globally, right? So if the
tail risk gets removed which it's in the
process but who knows next weekend maybe
they say oh let's just invade Iran or
something. So you know that's why I'm
watching macro mostly but you know here
out of my like to the left right side
I'm also watching Tesla and saying like
yeah I know it's coming it's coming
probably very soon. I have another week
maybe two weeks of it not coming but
it's very dramatic right. You need to
you need to weigh these two things
against each other. So I'm going from
very under underexposed to pro
potentially very overex very highly
exposed not over.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. Appreciate you
sharing being very um uh forthright
about that's exactly the answer I was
hoping you would give you know like just
very specifically what you're looking
for in the next weeks. But also the key
thing you're looking for is the 2,000
cars. You stuck with that for a long
time. Makes sense. Um appreciate it.
That was good. Bulls versus bears. and
um good analysis. Follow Joe, check him
out at pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.