Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Just Dropped Huge SpaceXAI Updates
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67EqAwh188E
Published:   2026-05-19 19:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-20 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk was interviewed today by
Forbes and he shared his thoughts on the
recent OpenAI lawsuit outcome, his
ultimate goals for SpaceX, and why the
future of AI computing power belongs in
space. We'll watch that interview today.
First, in response to his lawsuit
against OpenAI being dismissed by a
California court yesterday, Elon said he
will file an appeal with the Ninth
Circuit. The lawsuit was dismissed on
the technicality that the statute of
limitation of 3 years had already
passed. Second, Elon explained the data
centers in space is much easier than
people think. SpaceX has 10,000
satellites in orbit right now and in the
future with Starship. They'll be
launching over 10,000 per year. Third,
Nvidia vice president Hypers scale Ian
Buck handd delivered the very first Vera
CPU to Elon. Vera is Nvidia's first
custom CPU purpose-built for the age of
agent AI. It seems SpaceX AI is at the
top of the list of companies who get
priority. Finally, in an interview
yesterday, Elon said he's working on
getting the SpaceX IPO going pretty
soon. We're expecting the S1 filing for
the IPO Perspectus to drop tomorrow, and
when it does, we'll be sure to report on
it. Right now, the rumors are that there
will be four equal underwriters, JP
Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley,
and Bank of America with 30% allocated
to retail. A lot of important
developments to cover today. And joining
me is Joe Bacti. He's an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pionerlands.org. Welcome,
Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wait, Elon's been interviewed.
He's been out. Uh there was big
interview yesterday, another one this
morning. Let's cover that. Um he was
interviewed by Forbes and he shares his
thoughts on the OpenAI lawsuit which he
lost. We'll talk about that. The his
goals for SpaceX and Neuralink and why
the future of AI computing power belongs
in space. We'll watch a little clips of
this. So, this was the interview. Um, so
let's set the stage here with the
lawsuit Elon against OpenAI, Sam Alman.
And what happened was the California
court dismissed it and it was because of
the um uh technicality that they said
that it was too late. He filed the
lawsuit at five years instead of the
three years of the uh uh you know the
statute of limitation, I guess. And Elon
made comments about what he thinks and
we'll watch, we'll listen to that, but
he believes that there's a terrible
activist Oakland judge who who kind of
um doing this. And of course, the key
thing is that now charities can be
formed, nonprofits, and then they decide
to switch to profit. That could be the
case. And so, let's uh let's go through
this and watch what he says.
I think we we necessarily have to appeal
um because uh
this will this will become precedent,
you know, which people can actually then
essentially loot to charities and use
this case as a as a basis for doing so.
Um which I think would be wrong.
&gt;&gt; What's your thoughts, Joe?
&gt;&gt; Well, they had a good discussion on CNBC
about it and I share their opinion. I
think well first of all it's kind of
silly to it was a little silly to file a
lawsuit outside the statute of
limitations. I don't know exactly what
the reasoning there was because statute
of limitations are very clear and
simple. So, I don't understand why they
didn't file something else, whatever.
But the strategic point here is that
Elon probably saw this lawsuit as a
winwinwin situation, right? He has he
has kind of three shots on targets on
target. He could have just won. Um,
that's maybe unlikely. Who knows? But
more importantly, like you have to think
about the greater situation and that's
SpaceX. It's the IPO. It's OpenAI and
their IPO. and you want to beat people
and you want to be the first IPO because
it sucks liquidity out of the market.
And of course, he doesn't like Sam
Alman. So, this lawsuit also is a great
way to distract OpenAI, right? It
derails their fundraising. It's a huge
risk for OpenAI, perceived risk. It
probably definitely delays the IPO. Uh,
and so SpaceX can be the first and
anthropic probably the second, leaving
OpenAI at the end. So even if Elon would
just lose this year and the appeal, he
probably achieved that other objective.
So I think it's just an in a way it's an
act of aggression from Elon's side um
that will be effective, right, in in in
being bad for OpenAI.
Yeah, it's it's odd that they wouldn't
have known ahead of time that there was
this um
statute of limitation of three years.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's odd on both sides. the judge and
the jury shouldn't have already accepted
it immediately. But I think part of uh
Elon's goal, his team would be to
unearth, which they did all the things
that was
&gt;&gt; said. And like you said, that is part of
a goal anyways. I a lot of people are
saying the appeal is not going to
succeed. Very low chance at this point.
We'll see. Uh but he also made this
comment. And he said, "This illustrates
why the ruling by the terrible activist
Oakland judge who simply used a jury as
a fig leaf creates such a terrible
president. She's just handed out a free
license to loot charities if you can
keep the looting quiet for a few years.
They'll be filing an appeal with the
Ninth Circuit." And the other thing he
said was this regarding the open eye
case. The judge and jury never actually
ruled on the merits of the case, which
is true. Calendar technicality. There's
no question to anyone following the case
in detail that Altman and Brogman did in
fact enrich themselves by sealing a
charity. The only question is when they
did it. This is all true. I'll be filing
an appeal with the Ninth Circuit because
creating a president to loot charities
is incredibly destructive to charitable
giving in America. Opening was founded
to benefit all of humanity. It is one of
more another one of those things, isn't
it? It's like it's going to be back.
It's going to huge backfire just like
what happened with Delaware Judge,
right? you know, initially making a a
hit on Elon, but then destroyed
Delaware.
Same thing could happen here.
&gt;&gt; Well, of course, Delaware, I would say
it's still legally a difference. I think
Delaware was just absolutely horrific
what happened there. Uh I mean, they
deserve to go down now. Whereas here,
it's hard to blame the judge in my
opinion because statute of limitations,
what are you going to do? It's like
pretty clear the whole thing. Now, the
question is, didn't Elon know that?
Didn't lawyer noise? Of course they
absolutely knew that. The question is
these are all political. We have to
understand that the age of AGI makes
these entities anthropic spac XAI and
OpenAI hugely political things. I mean
this is the future of civilization.
They're going to grab massive amounts of
stuff all of them. So this is a
political trial and the objective of a
political trial is not to win legally.
Maybe they were totally clear that they
couldn't win this uh based on procedural
topics like statue of limitation. But
what did they achieve? They achieved
massive drag on the OpenI team
depositions which are horrible. Now all
of the dirty laundry is out in the open.
Everyone read the emails. Everyone read
okay this is a little twisted there.
Elon is right on the merits that this is
wrong. Um, so it's basically, you know,
tainted the whole OpenAI team. Uh, and I
think it's right to taint them because
they did something wrong in my opinion.
Um, and even though it's a legal defeat,
it might be a moral victory because it's
like saying you murdered this person and
then it gets dismissed because of
statute of the limitation. Well, 20
years is, you know, statute of
limitation. So, yeah, you probably
murdered them, but we can't do anything
about it. That's not a win for you if
you're the murderer. And if everyone
reads this, it's like, well, this dude
got away with it because
&gt;&gt; we figured it out too late, but that's
not good. I'm not gonna meet you at
night alone. So, right. So, that's
that's what's happening here. And I
think that was not random. And they
probably knew it
&gt;&gt; and it's worth it. That's I think, you
know, it's a little bit like political
the whole thing.
&gt;&gt; But, you know, when when we look at
these things, it's always it's an old
trick. Ko said it or Caesar Kuib Bono
like did you benefit or not from this?
Okay, OpenAI is clearly in trouble now.
IPO is probably delayed. You know,
everyone thinks they did something
wrong. All the dirty laundry is out.
&gt;&gt; That's not a win, that's a loss.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, well positioned that. And uh
yeah, you're right. They are delayed.
And then Elon supporting anthropic and
of course cursor and XAI needs to catch
up. uh but very interestingly about if
can XA catch up and this whole theory is
Elon's theory is always the bitter
lesson that the largest compute wins and
right now Anthropic is ahead open ahead
but you know he's he believes actually I
can't catch up because they have the
largest compute and that is what's
happening now uh got a couple stories
explain that first he was interviewed
&gt;&gt; um this morning yeah and he said this on
data centers in space much easier than
people may think. Let's listen to what
he said.
&gt;&gt; It's much easier than people may think.
I mean, SpaceX at this point has 10,000
satellites in orbit right now. Um and um
and in the future with Starship, we'll
be launching over 10,000
um communication satellites per year. Uh
each one of which is much more capable
than our current satellites. So, you can
expect, you know,
probably
uh
10 to 100 times more communications
capability than than is than currently
exists from space. Um
but but that that will pale in
comparison to the tonnage of uh AI
satellites.
&gt;&gt; Yep. What's your thoughts on AI
satellites at this point? I know you did
a lot of study on that.
So first of all when it comes to uh the
adjacent kind of competitors
or partners like Anthropic and Nvidia
right Nvidia now directly kind of
competing with Terrafab or the other way
around of course Nvidia is the big dog
but Terraab is going to make chips XAI
competing with Entropic but Entropic
clearly vastly ahead of everyone. I
think the way Elon views that
is the following. I don't think he sees
them as like hard competitors that need
to be destroyed or something. I think
Elon wants progress. Elon wants maximum
trajectory and he wants to own a
decisive chunk of it. Uh but I don't
think he needs Nvidia to go down or
anthropic to go down. I don't think he
needs to beat them in their own sphere.
Even though Enthropic is going to be
very interesting what happens, but he
thinks like I want to be a competitive.
I want to have a horse in the race while
I'm working with these guys because
they're doing the best job possible
right now. Uh same with anthropic. If
they ever get weak, sure, I can take
over. If they keep being strong, I have
no illusions that I can just beat them,
but I want to have a piece of the pie.
And I want to own and dominate
at least a big chunk of the stack. And
that's compute. I think that's how he
thinks around it. Like you like the
alligator, you're waiting. If they get
weak, you take over. if they don't get
weak, you keep working with them, not
with OpenI, but with these two. And I
think that's how he views it because
he's smart. He understands that Dario
and Yens are extremely formidable in
their space
and that SpaceX can clearly own a big
chunk of the stack, but you don't need
to be the dictator of the universe,
right? So, I think that's kind of as
long as he believes these are not bad
people, that's how Elon thinks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's exactly exactly correct. Uh
Elon just made a statement though,
right? SpaceX AI is gonna it's going to
have 10,000
uh per year of spa of of Starlink and
then eventually that means that they can
do uh AI data centers. Now you were
talking about cursor. So Tesla uh SpaceX
AI had a partnership with cursor to try
to get their own version of compute and
cursor introduced a very powerful model
now composer 2.5 and it's now jumped up
to be equal to opus 4.7 and GPT 5.5
you know it's uh it's it's getting
closer and closer to you know partnering
with them because at first they were
just thought as uh kind of like the u
the rails on top of it but Now they
actually have their own code especially
now and they just started using XXI's
data centers. They haven't even used all
of it. For next week we're doubling the
included usage of the model. Okay. Um
and now cursor did a collab with this
guy says cursor did a collab with SpaceX
to destroy Anthropic as a benchmark
closer to Opus 4.7 and it cost 10 times
less. And of course Elon replied he said
this is this morning just now. He said
anthropic will not be destroyed. The AI
plus the harness goes far beyond coding
and Opus 4.7 is still better than
Composer 2.5, albeit a lot more
expensive. So interesting. Cursor is
however an important piece of the puzzle
to make Grock much better. So he didn't
choose to say, "No, we're going to beat
them." No, no, they're partners. And
it's true that it's not just the AI,
it's not just code. You have to have the
harness, all the things that go around
it to make it usable for users. Uh
Anthropic is the best. Honestly, I use
all of their tools. They're much easier
to use than Grock needs to catch up with
compute when their partnership with
cursor will get them there in terms of
sheer intelligence, but they've got lots
of work to make it easier for developers
and people to actually use it. But
interesting that Elon defended
anthropic. They will not be destroyed.
&gt;&gt; I think it's very clear what's going on
that we see this new universe, the new
horizon coming of the age of AGI. AGI is
here. Economic AGI is already here in
the next two to three months in my
opinion and in many areas it's here
replacing humans and being better than
median humans. Uh so this is all
happening at lightning speed. Anthropic
is absolutely ahead of everyone. The
most amazing craziest growth story in
history that we are seeing and
continuing. uh Elon now has a foot in
the door and I think that's important
and exactly to what I said before I
think Elon sees these as very formidable
partners both Nvidia and Anthropic
understands that they have a total lead
but he wants to have a foot in the door
with Grock and you know cursor and at
the same time be diplomatic and
understand it could end up being a
long-term partnership where they just
dominate chips on one side and dominate
models on the other
And Elon already owns enough of the
future because he controls energy and
compute forever. And I think that is an
interesting situation. Of course, if
anyone sucks, right, and weakens, Elon
is ready to take over both on the chip
side and on the model side. But I don't
think Elon assumes that's going to
happen. He's just he wants to be ready.
That makes total sense. So, I like the
friendly tone because it shows again
Elon is smart. He's not like tactically
reptile brain power obsessed. He says if
if Jensen does the best job in the world
with chips, if Dar does the best jobs
with models, we're happy to add to that
a little bit, but we don't have to
attack them there. There's infinite
growth ahead and we can focus on space
putting a million orbital AI satellites
up and owning that piece of the stack. I
think that's happening.
&gt;&gt; It's it's very interesting. I think it's
coming together in my mind of what's
happening right so Elon is positioning
himself as building the large this the
largest physical AI which is clear no
one really is competing there uh cars
robots and anything that moves in the
future right physical AI real world
&gt;&gt; and by the way just to very briefly
interrupt no one is competing there I
think the mirror image of that is Jensen
Wang he says well I know I can't beat
robot taxi I know I can't beat
&gt;&gt; uh optimist But I'm going to try and
have that in the game. I don't expect to
win, but I want to have my foot in the
door. Maybe Tesla, then I can take over
or not, but I'm fine with both.
&gt;&gt; So, so the Elon says, "Okay, we're
leader in there." That's great. That's
great. Now, of course, we want to have
XAI to be the leader intelligence,
but he's now turned XAI and SpaceX into
not just, you know, we've got our own
and we're going to use it for our own.
We need it for our own cars, our own
robots. We need it for our own self. And
we want to sell it too. But we got a
bigger business now. Somebody called
EWS, right? Elon warehouse services like
Amazon warehouse services AWS where
they're renting out data centers.
They're renting out. And so they're
going to partner with Anthropic. They're
going to partner with everybody by the
way, not just Anthropic. There will be
many more compet um announcements beyond
just this because they're now the vendor
selling. And so the question was always
are they building everything all the
chips all the data centers all the
compute that they have are they doing it
for their own use or are they going to
sell it to customers and at first he
kept positioning it as we need it for
ourselves
and that's now sounding like you know he
needs to sell
&gt;&gt; I think they're going to first of all
this is all not a master plan this is
influx you need to plan these things
very tactically you need to see what is
Nvidia doing what's enthropy and
everyone else doing Oracle and so
I think what is clearly happening here
is creating like a giant future alliance
of the world's best which is Yensen.
It's Dario. It's Elon. That's why Elon
tweeted all that stuff. Oh, Dario, I was
with a team. Seems like they are really
committed to alignment.
&gt;&gt; We're friends now.
&gt;&gt; It's like we are witnessing, you know,
on steroids what happened back in
Europe, right? It's like, oh, I'm the
king of Germany and my cousin is the
king of Spain, but we hate the guy in
Britain who's also our brother, but we
hate.
&gt;&gt; So, it's like the alliances are forming
because when you think about the future,
they will control everything, but there
will be competitors. There will be Sam
Alman, there will be Microsoft, no one
trusts them, but also they're not
totally evil. So, it's like they're in
between as Oracle, but they are friends
with Elon. So, I think that's happening,
right? And I think
&gt;&gt; I think he's gonna partner with
Microsoft. I think Microsoft will be the
the next big one to fail. He he part of
what he did with OpenAI is strategically
uh you know what what happened right
open partner with Microsoft. Microsoft
put in what 10 billion or some
ridiculous amount of money into OpenAI
and then they got as expected Sam Alman
screws them out. He gets pissed because
Sam Alman goes I'm going to partner with
others. No, no, we never gave you
exclusivity. I don't know how Microsoft
didn't know that. Now Microsoft is
pissed. Elon does this lawsuit. He's
courting Microsoft. Don't trust them.
But you better want to partner me.
Google is already partnered with Elon,
right? They're in talks to rent orbital
data centers.
&gt;&gt; I'm trust me. The next one would be
Microsoft. That would be huge. Can you
imagine if he can nail this prior to the
SpaceX IPO? Microsoft, Google, they're
all already lined up to become customers
of our space based data center.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's huge. Even though I
think this is not as important because
it's already clear they booked out
forever. What's important is tomorrow
Starship like are they on track or not?
I think because yeah I agree it will be
good and they of course Microsoft will
join them. I think that's happening but
the at this point doubting that there's
infinite demand is kind of stupid like
most people should get it. There is
infinite demand. This is like robo taxi.
Starship is the new robo taxi. Like will
they
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but partnerships make a deal. Make
a big deal. But when when the market
sees you make an announcement that
you've just partnered with Ford, um
stock goes up.
&gt;&gt; He's prepping for the stock. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And Microsoft will definitely join
them. But I think what we are witnessing
I I just get the feel for feeling for
it. So far
I can just tell this is happening. So
far it was Elon singular dude also
Nvidia singular dude. It was Zuckerberg.
They were singular crazy people doing
great things. I think now it becomes so
insane and so huge that even Elon are
saying okay this is about literally the
entire universe let's build an alliance
because it's also too much work I'm not
going to put Jensen's brain in my brain
this is like even Elon has limits and
it's there's too much to be done and
anthropic is some insanely complicated
thing that they pulled off there who
knows what so I think Elon is now lining
up his allies I yeah and this goes
beyond tactical business he understands
that you tail when he talks about
entropic he vetted them not just oh do
they make me money it's like no we will
be a little like brotherhood here or
something we need it's like the Lord of
the Rings we need to go out and conquer
the whole universe there will be evil
enemies we need to trust each other I
think Yensen is his friend they
intuitively trust each other I think now
Dari was new he didn't know called the
misanthropic before so now he decided
well I need one airline they are very
strong let's go in and do some vetting
&gt;&gt; they're friendly warmed up. So I think
this goes beyond business partnerships
and that's also why Google and Microsoft
are different animals because he doesn't
trust these people. He says sure let's
do business but they are not like
Anthropic and Invidia in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're the customers. Yeah, these
guys are partners. Well, I mean here's
uh of course John Hong I think he's
still in China and so this is Ian Buck
uh the vice president of hypers scale
for Nvidia. He handd delivered the very
first Vera CPU to Elon.
Um hand delivered the first Nvidia Ver
CPUs to our partners Anthropic, OpenAI,
SpaceX and Oracle. Vera is Nvidia's
first custom CPU purpose-built for the
age of aentic AI. This is the next stage
beyond LLM. Now we're talking agentic AI
and this is the first purpose-built for
that. This is just the beginning. The
road to Vera powered system starts here.
And let's listen to what Ian Buck says.
&gt;&gt; Buck, I'm excited. Today we are dropping
off our first Vera CPU servers to
customers. Excited to take you along.
Yeah,
I'm going with my audio here.
We better talk over this.
Copyrighted.
This is him. It's very reminiscent of
the very first gift that Jensen Hong
gave to OpenAI. Kicked off AI.
This is going to kick off agentic AI.
Yeah.
Of course, this is just part uh
customers,
but I think the point being that,
you know,
SpaceX and Elon always gets first dibs
uh when he wants. Uh you know, he's he's
right up there. That's the critical
thing is not be left out. Uh he said,
"Very nice. Very nice."
&gt;&gt; Dad jokes. That's what we want to hear
from Elon.
&gt;&gt; Dad jokes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think this uh by the way side
note what Vera actually is they
explained that very nicely 88 CPU cores.
So the point of agentic AI is it needs
much more CPU power right in addition to
GPU uh because the agents have to
execute so many things outside the LLM.
So when they actually start doing things
they need CPU power and so that's a new
architecture because the uh previous
versions blackwell and so on they were
purely focused on GPUs. So now we have
that's also why Intel is up so much
because G CPUs are now experiencing
their renaissance revival where suddenly
everyone needs uh CPUs too. So the
linear kind of sequential processing
whatever you want to call it. Uh so
that's very interesting and of course uh
Nvidia goes now full into CPUs too
because they need to be customuilt for
that application.
So interesting stuff and uh yeah I think
uh let's see how this goes but I I
always said Terrafab is fine and that
will be very cool but to beat Nvidia
will be impossible. So Nvidia will
remain extremely important and it's also
in flux, right? Nvidia learns from Tesla
and SpaceX and will adapt to that too,
which is a good thing. You don't need to
fight everyone.
Oh, well said. Okay, so tomorrow we're
going to get the IPO uh prospectus
dropped for SpaceX. Elon was interviewed
on yesterday and he said I would be
there in person, but he didn't he wasn't
there in Israel. But we got to get this
SpaceX IPO going pretty soon. So
verification that it's happening. We
know it's already happening. So tomorrow
the S1 filing for the SpaceX IPO
prospectus drops. Thank you, Alexandra.
She said go to this link here, the Edgar
at SEC website. Search for SpaceX Space
Exploration Technologies or the company
CIK. Once filed, the full prospectus
will appear often with amendments if
needed. We will grab that and
tear it apart and get into the details.
This is a big thing for Tesla investors.
If you care about what's going to
happen, what might happen, you need to
understand what is actually going on
here. Uh the rumors are the SpaceX IPO,
which is June 12th.
Uh there's four equal underwriters
still. That's the rumors. JP Morgan,
Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Bank of
America. Equal means not one of them is
leading. That's the rumors. We'll find
out tomorrow if that's true. He also
rumored that he had that mentioned that
this is unusual but uh you know Elon
wants to allow retail and this is 30%
usually it's 10%. Allowing 30% of the
float to be allocated to retail. So I
think if you have ode you're part of
Morgan Stanley or these other uh trading
even Robin Hood apparently has access to
this. So he said Vanguard said so he
called his brokers to find out what
happened. We said Vanguard said they
won't get any allocation and day one
orders will be limit only. Robin Hood
said they will get allocation will
likely be a lot type. Fidelity said they
consider IPO allocation for accounts
which hold 100,000 more. I think you
need to find out what is going on. Um
and then like you said this is critical
of what's going to happen when they
actually fly Starship. I think they keep
changing the date but you said March
20th tomorrow is the day. tomorrow
&gt;&gt; Wednesday
at 8 or 6 ET. I forgot.
&gt;&gt; Elon said it's not as big of a deal as
some people are saying because the
Starship production pipeline is full and
will complete roughly 10 more ships and
about half that number of boosters this
year. So if something goes wrong, it
will not be a major setback unless the
launch stand is destroyed.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, he's hedging his bets because, you
know, it's this is very dramatic. So I
of course I disagree with Elon here a
little bit on the financial side. I
think he's I mean he knows that but he's
downplaying it because of the IPO. Uh I
think the stakes are incredibly high
because what happens now is that you
know people expect this to be the
commercial version V3. I expected I
think everyone expected that this will
be the version that actually carries
cargo to orbit.
And when I did the math on it we still
doing a lot of math. We're not done yet,
but the insurance aspect, even if
self-insured, is super important. If you
have 100 million launch costs or 90
million, what's the value of the cargo,
if you have a 1 point 150 tons of GPUs,
that's going to be pretty expensive. So,
if this thing blows up, it's not that
you lost 100 million, you probably lost
a billion or something. So, and someone
has to pay for this. So the way this
works is you have you know past
performance as your risk premium even if
it's internal. So if all the starships
from now on don't blow up it makes an
enormous difference for the actual
economics for the first few years
compared to them all blowing up or like
even like you know it's very linear. If
you have like a 20% fail rate, you have
to assume it keeps being a 20% fail rate
until it goes down, right? That's how it
is. It's math because you have to
consider if I put a billion dollars
cargo in there or half a billion and it
blows up, what is my calculation? Even
if they have insured for for SpaceX,
okay, how much more expensive than the
100 million launch is it? If it's 20% of
a billion, instead of 90 million launch,
it's now 290 million, right? because
every fifth one blows up.
&gt;&gt; I mean, he's got 10 of them ready to go
and so he will keep doing it. And you
want you have to have multiple flights
to prove that it is uh less chance of
blowing up. Like you said, this is
version three. It incorporates hundreds
of lessons learned from V1 and V2.
Seeksk to improve overall performance,
reliability, and robustness. This is the
vehicle that should hopefully allow
SpaceX to start deploying large Starlink
satellites into orbit, their V3, and
demonstrate in space refueling. That's
critical for NASA's Aremis Moon goals.
Uh the changes at the booster stage
continue all the way to the top. The for
the third version of um Raptor rocket
engine has reduced the mass to 1,500 kg
and all that. And uh the number of grids
have been reduced. Lots of changes to
this. Everything's been changed, but uh
that's why it' be interesting to see if
this even even the launchpad is new. Uh
it says here, "The upcoming V3 test
flight is significant in that will put
all of these changes and their
integration to a new rocket and
launchpad to the ultimate test. If
things go badly, it could spur a repeat
of 2025 at a time when SpaceX and NASA
call can ill afford further significant
delays. But uh Elon says that's okay.
We've got multiple
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but you know how it is of like
strategically it's okay. we have mult we
can keep trying but given there's an IPO
and a publicly traded stock now of
course it has a major major major impact
on because this sends an enormous signal
if this thing just flies and comes back
it's game over right people go crazy for
the stock if it just blows up they say
okay fine clearly we have no idea when
this all starts the actual
&gt;&gt; I think even though that's not true to
think like that everyone will think like
that Elon says it's not that like we
have Jam we do says, but of course I
mean you know humans like you the stock
is going public and this thing blows up
that's bad. The stock is coming up the
thing goes flawlessly. Everyone's like
oh my god what if they launch all the
satellites this year? So
&gt;&gt; this will not be as
&gt;&gt; it's huge.
&gt;&gt; I think there's more upside than there
is downside. But yes it it's because of
timing. That's what you're saying that
sentiment is so critical. So it's like
&gt;&gt; timing I mean we know we know all about
it in robo tax. Look at the financial
models. You know, for Elon, it's like,
who cares if it's 2029 when we have the
first million or 2027? Like, well, if
you hold the stock now and you want to
buy Christmas presents in December, it's
very important. And for a Starship, of
course, it's it's it's in the big theme
scheme of things. Who cares when we have
if you're one year delayed on Kadichev
scale, too? But for stockholders, I
mean, that could make the difference
between the stock going to 500 billion
or to three trillion. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, there you go.
&gt;&gt; So I would not say this is not
dramatically important.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we'll watch it very carefully
tomorrow. That'll be fun.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Joel. That's always
fun talking to you. Uh this is the big
stuff, right? SpaceX
AI data centers, open AI lawsuit. This
is all just happening real time in front
of us. Thank you so much, Joe. Check out
his website at pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.