Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Big Friday News on the podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9oZQMo-rOc
Published:   2026-04-17 15:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-18 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

for the big event at the diner tomorrow.
And uh I might check out the launch
tomorrow. It's pretty early in from
Vandenberg. And then uh tomorrow I'll
also be at the uh Arbor Day Drive
Electric event in Thousand Oaks,
California. That's a free event so it
doesn't sell out. Join us, won't you?
&gt;&gt; How do you not have more miles than me?
&gt;&gt; He must have multiple Teslas he's just
like spacing them out on.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, with that said, um as I
believe um Matt Matthew was saying,
&gt;&gt; uh there was a huge pop over the past
week. Um you know, partially, you know,
I think a lot of the stocks popped, but
there was, you know, I think several
things on in the Tesla side that made
that, but I think we were down what,
like something close to 20%, if not a
little bit further. Uh but it's come
back to over $400 now. So, if you bought
at 350, shout out to you. I may have
even hit 340. Uh, but you know, buying
the dip was, uh, some good moves there.
All right, but with that said, um, all
right, the first the first big thing
that happened this week, and actually, I
don't remember, you know, Tesla always
having these like spring updates. It's
always like the holiday big update that
I'm like aware of,
&gt;&gt; but here they are again just dropping
another great spring update. So some of
the call outs um and also too um I
believe that they have done wide release
of 1431
um I don't know if everyone's got it but
some of the highlights specifically from
the spring update are onetap FSD
subscription uh plus live stats hey
Grock voice AI with location reminders
pet mode now has dog cat hedgehog plus
custom pet name higher quality
visualization in the three and the Y
wamp wamp on the Cybertruck. Uh blind
spot accent lights, turn signals, and uh
park safety. Immersive sound stage on
premium um auto. New 3 and Y dash cam up
to 24 hours local permanent local sleep.
That's that's crazy because it's
typically when you're driving, you only
have an hour, right? And so now to have
up to 24 hours of what's saved is going
to be uh amazing. And then uh the last
thing is automatic overnight updates
plus improved weather maps. Um any
thoughts on this? Otherwise, you know, I
know I just called out most of them, but
you know, it's great to see the the the
team just always bringing updates and
making your car better every single time
it gets one.
&gt;&gt; The one I love that's new is that the
side lights inside the car are now part
of your blind spot detection lighting,
which is great. That's a whole lot of
extra indication.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, big big safety update. You know,
um I love I've loved getting the summary
like this. I I think it would be who
Tesla to make a bigger deal about
pushing these updates. You know, I think
the majority of car owners don't realize
that there's a brand that makes your car
better every single month. Uh so we
should we should spread the word on
this. Um personally, I really love using
uh Gro. Um my my daughter who's six, she
loves to use it as we're driving in the
car. You know, sometimes if traffic's a
little bad and I'm not being as social
with her, you know, I'll let Grock kind
of take over the conversation and she'll
ask Grock all sorts of, you know,
questions I don't know the answer to and
it's just really fun listening to a kid
interact with a supercomput.
&gt;&gt; That is awesome, man. Yeah, I think they
I think they did a really good job. Uh,
like you said, there's not really I I
can't really recall too many spring
updates, but the fact that they did this
and like Matthew said, it would be great
if they if they made it more of a thing
and let people know like just an outward
call out like, "Hey, this is what we
did." And, you know, I mean, it they're
one of the only companies that do it. I
had a I was in a conversation the other
day on on the spaces and and some guy
was complaining about how uh something
with with Tesla and you don't and you
don't get this or whatever and he was
like well you know what I have but BMW
and I don't get anything. So it's like
it's like it is what it is man like I
mean we get kind of spoiled. I think it
was about the FSD uh uh not being
upgradable to the hardware 3 not being
upgradable to hardware 4 and and how
they were talking about that and he was
like well you know when you buy a car
chances are there's usually no company
there's no car company that's going to
be like hey yeah we'll add whatever free
like no you have to buy a new vehicle so
the fact that Tesla has these updates
and they continue to do this for free
when some companies as we know even
charge for it is pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; And I don't know how many, you know,
what the percentage of like, let's say,
the 10, you know, automotive companies
here in the US that make you still go
into the dealership and, uh, versus, you
know, over the air. So there I I would
assume some of them still do. Um, and
you know, one thing I wanted to call out
that Matthew was talking about was, you
know, the there's um, for kids
especially, there's the storyteller
assistant that you can select. Note to
sell a note to everybody when a
storyteller it will not help you map to
the other like grock like it won't you
won't be able to do navigation with it.
You have to get out of it and go back to
the assistant. But when you're on like a
long road trip, throw on storyteller and
say, "Hey, I want you to tell me a story
about like a reindeer, you know, you
know, in Antarctica or something and uh
it got lost." And um you know so it's
just seeing that integration um is going
to be amazing with Grock and at some
point you know when it's completely
embedded in versus having to like long
press it um and it's just completely
built into the ecosystem will just make
that that um that whole process just
seamless because it's it's pretty good
now and now having it integrated kind of
completely into the system versus being
an app is going to be um is going to be
amazing.
Yeah, it's going to be awesome when you
can tell Grock to lower your temperature
and all kinds of stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Lower my suspension, hire it,
put in off-road mode.
&gt;&gt; All right, so with that, uh, Matthew,
I'll I'll let you take this one. Uh,
Tesla service gets updates.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, as as we've mentioned in the past,
you know, the best service is no
service. So now you can you can use
essentially Grock is powering um you
know this this service functionality
where you can upload a picture. It will
describe uh you can describe what's
going on with your car and it will give
you some troubleshooting steps and if
necessary prompt you to set up a a
service appointment. Um I I was able to
test this out and it works really well.
I think there's a lot of people who
don't really know how to replace like an
air filter on their car or um you know
even top up the the window washing
fluid. So this is you know this will
help with really simple things like that
as well as solve bigger problems. Um
I've noticed service over the past two
years that the time your vehicle is in
service has really reduced. You know um
I've had a couple visits over the past
two years and they've only lasted like
an hour or two hours. So, you drop off
the car and then you get a notification
hour later your car is done. One little
hack that I found, if your service
center offers test drives, like in
Belleview, Washington, where where I
take my car, they offer test drives. So,
um, I'm able to if I just have a short
service, I book a a test drive in like a
Model Y or Cybert truck or something,
drop off the car, go check, you know,
take the take the new car out, run a
couple errands, go to the gym, whatever
I need, and by the time the hour test
drive is up, my car is usually, you
know, ready to be picked up. So, great
little hack if your if your service
center has test drives.
&gt;&gt; One thing with the service uh update, I
didn't realize this was a thing. I
needed to have my uh interior camera
shroud cleaned because couldn't see the
road. It was the offging issue. That's a
known issue. And when I went into
request service, it said, "Is this about
the is it about the warning you've been
get?" I'm like, "Yes, okay. Here's your
dates pick." And it's it I didn't have
to tell it what it needed. The car
already knew what I was going in for
service for. Thought that was a real
interesting timesaver.
Yeah, it's always those little things
that that people don't realize that
Tesla has over over other vehicles that
I mean things like that, you know what I
mean? Like the car realizing what it
needs and and stuff. I mean, that's just
that's just pretty awesome. as uh Tesla
service is like somewhat of an Achilles
heel for Tesla as as we all know but
they are making leaps and bounds to
improve that and the integration of
Grock it seems to be like one of the
best things they could have done as of
late my service center well the service
centers that I've been to have always
recommended like hey if you're going to
be here for a while take a test drive go
grab something to eat or whatever and I
think that's like Matthew says that's
one of the good things about you know
that that Tesla does and they they would
even offer that, you know, I mean, like
most time you're just sitting in there,
just waiting, waiting, and waiting. But
yeah, Tesla has uh Tesla's getting a lot
better at service for sure.
&gt;&gt; But we need our air we need Apple
CarPlay in our cars, right? Uh as
everyone says. Um no, I I agree with uh
what you guys are saying, but also, you
know, Matthew said, you know, the best
maintenance or the best problem is no
maintenance, right? Is just not having
to do anything. Now, imagine a car that
already has low maintenance and being
able to talk to an assistant, upload
photos, and it can kind of potentially
self diagnose. Not only that, it'll help
provide further details to Tesla when
you go in to even get better service,
but there may be options where it's
like, hey, you know, I'm I'm getting
this rattling and maybe it's something
that is a common problem that it can,
you know, notify you. Yeah, take that
into service. or it's like an air clean
filter, what an air filter that you can
now do by yourself um that it can help
and walk you through. So, it's it's just
kind of crazy how, you know, there was a
lot of these companies, whether it's
like Android Play um or what, you know,
whatever the Android version is um Apple
uh CarPlay, like you know, those haven't
really progressed a whole lot, I feel
like. And now you have Tesla not only
already being a software first company,
but now they have an AI assistant that's
going to be completely integrated with
like the health and wellness of your
car. And you just see the with an
assistant that can help you diagnose and
give you ideas of how to potentially fix
whatever issue you're dealing with
before and and that's going to save
service appointments or at least it
should. Um, so it's just one of those
things where it's like, um, I would just
say that, you know, Tesla continues to
make moves that are going to put them,
um, even further ahead than than the
rest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My my truck is in service right
now and and I had a for one day I had a
a rental and it had Android Auto and it
was horrific. So I was like I was like,
who uses this? I was like, I'm just I
had to disconnect it and just use my
phone. So, I was like, "What the heck?"
Yeah, it was really bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sounds like it. Sounds like it.
All right. Um,
the Tesla AI 5 chip,
Elon said, "Congrats to the AI chip
design team on topping out the AI5,
uh, AI6, Dojo 3, and other exciting
chips in the works." And so I had asked
uh Elon just to, you know, cuz I think
everyone kept like, "Hey, when's the car
going to get the AI5 chips? Like I'm
going to hold out and not buy a new
Tesla." And so I was like, "All right,
are these going into the cars or the
robots?" And, you know, he just called
it out. These are going into the Optimus
robots and their supercomputer clusters.
So AI five four is enough to achieve
much better um than human safety for
FSD. So um and then I think um yeah so
just all that to say is it looks like
you know the AI5 chips are for the the
robots and the superco computer clusters
and our computers will continue with AI
4 uh for FSD. So um I think if you're
you know holding out and we're waiting
this is kind of your you know who knows
what they'll even do with AI6 if that's
even going to touch the cars either. But
um I don't know if you guys had
comments.
&gt;&gt; I know people have been waiting for AI 5
since 2023 when AI4 had just come out.
And I'm saying guys is oh well it's
going to be in a few months. How? That's
not the release schedule. That doesn't
even make sense. Uh get what you want.
If you're waiting for the best Pentium
computer in the '9s, you're going to be
waiting for 20 years for computers to
slow down a bit in terms of their
perceived uh abilities. Just if you need
a car, buy a car. These ones happen to
be very good cars. Uh the fact that he's
got all the the the road map and the
chips are already taped out says huge
things about uh what they're doing. Some
people were concerned, well, isn't this
a couple months late? That seems like
pretty close to on time to me for
something that, you know, this is great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a there's been a lot of
talk about the the lateness of it, but
what people don't realize is like
there's who else, you know what I mean?
There's nobody else really doing what
what Tesla's doing. and to call him out
or or even try to pinpoint the fact that
he is a few months late on something is
kind of irrelevant when they're doing
something nobody else has done. And and
we've had this talk before like man if
you're when dealing with Tesla like
waiting is
&gt;&gt; Joe you're on mute dude we can't hear
you.
I was saying that like uh Tesla's
constantly a moving target and waiting
for waiting for the next Tesla is going
to be like the worst thing you could do.
You know what I mean? Like it's even
within their own company like like
they're always moving forward and always
doing stuff. So you just can't you just
can't wait. But one of the cool things
about the uh AI5 chip and I I think he's
saying that that it won't be in vehicles
because I think like the first few
million are going to be like utilized
like how he's saying but I think
eventually it's going to be in vehicles.
Of course we we know that's going to be
an eventuality. You're probably looking
at 2028 or something like that. But but
people should never like just try and
hold off. Like that's like like man
everybody thought that the when AI4 was
announced and Cybertruck was going to
have it and it was going to be like oh
I'm just going to get a Cybert truck
because it's going to have everything
and and here we are no summon on
Cybertruck and uh
yeah I remember people holding off on
their Model S orders in you know 2015
2016 because they thought they were
going to get the self-presenting front
doors like the Model X. So yeah, don't
just the Tesla will always be better if
you wait, but then you'll be either not
driving a Tesla or driving an older one.
So just upgrade whenever you feel like
upgrading.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it really depends on your use case
at least like the three and the Y are at
a point now with AI4
uh and hardware 4 where um you know
you're going to be able to do everything
that is probably needed probably for you
know unsupervised. I mean, we already
see it in Austin on on this hardware.
So, it's really going to come down to
regulation of your location, of your
state, wherever you are to get it
unsupervised, but you know, the three
and the Y are, you know, they're putting
out hundreds of thousands a quarter.
And, you know, they'll put out what, 2
million plus this year, um, or close to
it. Um, and it's just going to be one of
those things where, you know, the the
hardware is clearly good enough. And so
you just can't can't can't wait is my
opinion.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, um, I think this was a
reply to Tesonomics. Um, he had said
something like, "What was the best or
worst part?"
&gt;&gt; Um, and it says, you know, the best was
working with such a great team of AI
hardware and software engineers. It was
more fun going to parties on Saturdays
by far. Um, it was more fun. Yeah. Uh,
least awesome was uh we had to make
several design concessions to move fast,
but were able to finish tap out 45 days
ahead of schedule. So, obviously it
looks like they had to make a couple of
cuts, but with that they saved more
time. And then he said uh AI6 and LPDDR6
memory addresses those design
concessions and has many great ideas. It
will deliver a true doubling of
performance over AI5 in the same half uh
recital size using the Samsung 2NB fab
in Texas. AI6 will further improve
performance using TSMC 2 NM in Arizona.
Note both chips have half of the trip AI
computation accelerator dedicated to uh
SRAMM. So effective memory bandwidth is
an order is an order of magnitude
greater than the drram bandwidth for any
calculations of SRAMM cache. Wow, that
was loaded. Uh half that I understood.
The other half is just, you know, way
over my head. But um you know there,
like I said, it you know he's there he's
he's working weekends to get this stuff
out. Um, you know, he's skipping
parties. You know, clearly going to what
is it? C Cabo and wherever else, you
know, he was going to for some of these
raves. Um, but to get this stuff out and
they were able to uh really get things
going. Um, all right. So, I'm going to
pass this to to Matthew and uh it looks
like Lars uh, you know, came out with a
video.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tesla Manufacturing posted
this video last night. Highly recommend
everyone um, watching it. But, you know,
Lars is touring the factory and speaking
with the speaking with the staff there.
Couple couple things we noticed. Um, you
know, the the first one was the 4680s
are there. So, they're they're putting
4680s. Um, you know, they make multiple
Model Y versions in Berlin. So, I'm not
sure which which versions those vehicles
are going in yet, but I'm sure we'll
we'll find out uh soon, but it's good to
see them using that supply. Um, you can
also see when the the body in white was
was going through the line, they were
using robots to attach the front fenders
and front hood. So, um, I'm not sure if
we we knew those were being attached by
robots rather than hands. So, that was
um that was an interesting an
interesting note, but definitely well
worth well worth watching the video. I
don't know if you guys saw anything else
that I that I missed in there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought it was pretty cool. It
was six and a half minutes. I think one
of the one of the cooler things is is uh
not only that about the batteries and
and the uh and the bumpers and there's a
lot of things that well a couple of big
things that Lars was like we're going to
roll this out to like everywhere like
like that they just figured things out
in Berlin that they hadn't figured out.
and and that conversation with him and
the paint guy who ended up trans
transferring over to batteries was like
a great example of like just Tesla in
general and how somebody can go to a
separate department. He's not even he's
never even worked in batteries and stuff
like that and he was just able to help
them come up with a great idea and it
actually worked. And the lady was saying
the same thing when they talked about
how they have the giga castings and how
they uh how they trim it, how they trim
the castings and and he was like, "Dude,
yeah, we're we're rolling this out in
all the factories cuz this is crazy.
Shanghai and uh Fremont or Texas will be
getting that as well cuz it was just
like one of those things that that like
how is this how are factories not doing
this?" And in the these type of videos,
and even though this is like a six and a
half minute video, this is like what you
realize is
the benefit of Tesla and what puts Tesla
so far ahead, the the factory that makes
the factory type of thing or the machine
that builds a machine. I mean, so when
when they have things like this and and
these little tidbits come out, you
realize like they are so far ahead and
it's really really impressive.
Brian, any thoughts or you good? Okay.
All right. So, we will pass it back over
to Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the the signature Model S and X
have now both sold out. Um, it was
funny. I got the invite a couple days
ago and uh I wasn't going to pick up the
car, but I had a couple buddies who were
considering, you know, using my
reservation, but one of them texted me
saying now that now that he can't, he
wants the car. So, it's it's definitely
the end of the year. Uh um you know, I
remember seeing this car in person for
the first time, I think it was 2011, uh
when the Tesla store in Bellev,
Washington opened. They had a Roadster
and a Model S prototype in there. It was
the first time I saw the Model S in
person. Since then, I I bought I don't
know, five, six Model S's and I think
two or three I think three actually
Model X. So, had a had a lot of these
vehicles. They were, you know, a great
run. Um I think we're, you know, we
talked about this before, but the the S
is is ending, and I I don't think
they'll be a replacement. I think the
Roadster is essentially the the top
performance vehicle um that we should
see, you know, being delivered. uh early
next year and then the X is going to be
replaced with the the Model Y L and and
likely Cybertruck based um based
platform.
So uh it was funny. I was in the the
Tesla showroom in Belvy Square Mall um
uh earlier this week and I chatting with
a couple my friends who work there and
um it's literally the first time there's
never been an S or an X in that
showroom. You know, they've they've had
one there uh that that location had two
different stores. Yeah. Over 15 years
there's always been either an S or an X.
uh usually both. So, it's kind of weird
walking in there and only seeing the
threes and the Y's. They they actually
didn't even have a Cybert truck in
there. This is a large store, you know,
it's the size of like a big Apple store
that has six vehicles in there, so
pretty large for a mall location. Um
they didn't even have a Cybert truck.
They had one Cyber Truck for demos
outside, but they they told me they've
been having trouble keeping the Cyber
Trucks in stock. You know, they sell
them and um they haven't been able to
get another one from the the factory.
So, they're pleased with the way the
Cybertruck is going. So, for for those
last, you know, 250 Model S owners and
100 Model X uh owners, congrats on your
signature car. I think it truly truly
will be a a once in a-lifetime
opportunity to get one of those. There's
there's not going to be a replacement.
So, enjoy them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; For the Model X.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I will say on Belleview Square at
the end of 2019 when the first wave of
uh IRA was the old credit EV credit was
ramping down. They also ran the
inventory to nothing cuz I went in to
see one. I was like, you know what, I
want to see one in person. And uh they
were like, you may not.
&gt;&gt; And it didn't feel personal that that
time. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I bought I bought a car out of
that showroom and I also bought a car
out of the showroom at Alam Moana in
Honolulu. And the one I bought in
Honolulu, they like they had to figure
out how to get it out of the mall, which
was pretty fun. So uh when I bought the
one in Belleview, I wanted I asked them,
you know, they were going to drive it
out. I asked them to let me drive it
out, but they were not they did not
accept that.
They don't want you taking the plaid
out.
&gt;&gt; That would be great footage though, man.
That would have been awesome.
&gt;&gt; Well, with that said, too, at least
similar to the Foundation series, um,
they did the similar thing where, you
know, they can't be resold for about a
year. Um, and one thing I said, I think
there's going to be, you know, with
anything, there's going to be several
types of owners that buy these. some of
them who are still going to be driving
these signatures like dailies and then
some of them who are truly going to
collect them and keep them you know
away. Um so but with that said you will
not be able to resell them for the first
year.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't think that's going to be
an issue because the kind of people who
are buying them I don't are not flippers
first of all. You have to be invited but
these are nostalgic collector types.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I would my advice is drive them.
You know, the the really special Teslas
like the initial signature and
foundation Model S's and the signature
Model X's and even the Roadsters, you
know, none of them are going up in
value. You know, a Roadster today you
can essentially buy for the original
MSRP or maybe less. And you know,
Signature Model S, um, your really nice
ones might sell for 50K. So, you know,
these are not an investment. enjoy them.
Um, but this is not like buying a a
classic Ferrari or Lamborghini or
something like that. So, put put miles
on them. They're built to be driven.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All right. So, Joe, this one's
uh Kansas or Kazas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I misspelled Kansas. Yeah,
somebody uh somebody found a uh a cyber
cab in Kansas. Is this pretty I think
it's pretty good for people to to see
that that the cyber cab is being tested
in different environments. I mean, we
saw that Joe Tetmire uh video like last
week and I mean there's like like almost
a hundred of them and and they're all
going to be used as test bed vehicles
for different regions and things like
that. So, this one spotted in Witchah is
it's pretty cool, especially for the the
cold weather and I mean, as you can see
the rain and stuff there and we know
it's got all the the different washers
on it. So, it's going to be that's
pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they are not hiding these
around anymore. I mean, they're they're
hitting all over the place. uh you're
seeing them being tested um you know
from places like Kazas to um to Oklahoma
to you know um all the way up in in New
York. I mean they're they're they're
they're all over the place now.
All right. Um grow the fleet, grow the
cause. So Tesla's added another
unsupervised Model Y uh robo taxi to its
fleet in Austin, bringing the total
number to 12. Um this was also really
interesting. So you know um here in the
Bay Area they have uh they actually
converted the employee lot, the south
parking lot into a robo taxi um you know
fleet yard essentially. And there's
probably when I was some flyovers, there
was actually about a hundred of those um
cars just sitting in the lot. And it
sounds like they have several locations
throughout, which would make sense with
400 square miles, several locations. But
it is really interesting to know that
that whole parking lot by the track has
been converted into, you know, cleaning,
prepping, and getting the cars ready to
go. So, you know, seeing now 12 in the
fleet in Austin is is awesome. and you
know looking for for that number to grow
and you know as they continue to um do
more testing and and release more.
&gt;&gt; All right Joe
&gt;&gt; to you.
&gt;&gt; We got FSD approved in the EU. So uh
this is a FSD supervised has been
approved in the Netherlands and we'll
begin rolling out the country shortly.
So
this is uh this is pretty cool. I know I
know uh Matthew can talk about this, but
the fact that that they're able to do
this, this means like like everybody's
going to have it soon, right? Because of
the approval process.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems like that's coming at
least for new vehicles. So, vehicles
that are that are sold brand new, not
vehicles that are already pre-owned. Um
it it sounds like the Tesla will have to
get approval for pre-owned and already
delivered vehicles potentially. um
they'll have to apply in each in each
member state of the EU. So, uh we've
talked about this before, you know, EU
is the best at regulatory capture and
rules and findings. So, there there's
going to be lots of steps for the people
who already have the car, but it um it
sounds like within the next couple of
months, anyone buying a new car should
be able to use FSD uh right away. So,
it's exciting. I've got um you know, one
of my uncles in Ireland has been pinging
me constantly about it. He can't wait to
to drive it and take videos. And so I
think I think we'll see a whole new wave
of Tesla Tesla videos coming out of
Europe soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're actually starting to
see signs of Belgium starting to get
paved the way. So, um I don't I don't
think I've ever really seen like a
couple countries. I mean, I'd have to do
more research, but once it happens in
one country, um the it it'll just be a
domino effect. I don't know if there has
ever been a situation where, you know,
it's gone in one country and then 80% of
the countries and not a small amount of
them. Um, but this definitely should be
a, you know, the they should be knocking
um, you know, um, they should be
knocking as far as all of the other
countries wanting to to to get into it.
But, and it sounds like too it's they
have an early access program similar to
the US. Um, I don't know. Has this gone
wide release to all of the AI4s? Do we
know
or it's still early access?
&gt;&gt; I think it's still early access.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't know why,
you know, here in the US, like I think
everyone was like in in the Netherlands,
as I probably would have been, too, was
like, "Hey, man, I'm like hooked up to
my Wi-Fi. I'm good to go." And it's
like, "No, like I think they they're
going to roll out some type of early
access with this, right?" So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
Yeah. It's never It's never the way you
think it's going to go. It's always the
way the Tesla is going to make it go.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
All right,
Joe or Matthew, whoever wants to take
the semiis to drive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so we've been seeing a lot of
semiis lately, but this was pretty cool.
The Elon said the semi feels like a
sports car to drive, but this was
because of Ashley Vance's video and and
they were talking about to they were
talking to the drivers and and they had
commented on on how, you know, the
drivers, as we know, love the vehicle.
But there was a really cool thing here.
It says uh instead of a two-speed
transmission, the Tesla Semi has two
rear axles. The forward axle with two
motors is a geared for acceleration
while the rear axle is geared for
highway efficiency. The semi has a tri
motor setup with a 800 kilowatt of
power. So that's uh that's pretty cool.
And I I think we knew but you know I
mean like production ends up being a
little bit different than than the
prototypes that are out now. But knowing
that they uh kept this is going to be
pretty cool.
Oh, we lost Brian to the ether.
&gt;&gt; To the ether.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, um Elon's made several
comments since this comment. Uh but it
sounds like um he said that if uh
PaloAlto is open to it, because I think
this is like, hey, yeah, let's go check
out, we'll do the work. But if Tes Palo
Alto is not going to be friendly to
this, they're they probably won't waste
their time on this. they're going to
spend, you know, this is not going to be
one of those um like the LA one which
was super special. Um this is going to
be like if it makes sense, they'll
they'll make it happen. Um but he did
tweet that more diners are coming. So I
would love to see one here in the Bay
Area, especially given, you know, this
is their engineering headquarters. They
need to have somewhere hopefully close
by in Palo Alto. Uh it would be really
cool, especially to see how they've
utilized um the diner in LA. Um, I don't
think anything will be as cool as the
diner in LA just because, you know, it's
Hollywood and got that whole thing and
the design studio is down there, but I
would love to see more of these. So, um,
exciting that they're even willing to
consider putting it in other places.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's one there's one location
Tesla needs and that's the Space Needle.
You know, I don't I don't know if the
public knows, but the Space Needle is
privately owned. you know, Elon could
buy the whole thing and turn it into a a
massive Tesla diner and it's already
it's already perfect shape and you know,
you could have charging underneath. So,
&gt;&gt; dude, that's
&gt;&gt; what a cool what a cool location.
&gt;&gt; That would be awesome.
&gt;&gt; So, for those that don't know, where is
the Space Needle?
&gt;&gt; So, it's just north of downtown Seattle.
So, it's where like the the Sonics used
to play basketball and the the Seattle
Kraken NHL team. So, it's like a mile
north of downtown Seattle.
Really fun spot. It was built for the
world's fair and uh unlike the rest of
Seattle, there's there's a height
restriction in you know for I don't know
a mile or something or half a mile
around the Space Needle. So all the tall
buildings are south like all the
skyscrapers are south of the Space
Needle and you can kind of see the Space
Needle from basically anywhere in the
city. So it's a fun spot.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; All right. Tesla insurance update. Uh
thought that. Um so Tesla insurance uh
with the latest safety score V3, every
mile you drive with the FSD supervised
will receive a score of 100. This allows
you to maintain a higher average safety
score over time, resulting in lower
monthly insurance premiums. Applies to
new policies Indiana, Tennessee, Texas,
Arizona, Virginia, and Illinois. Um,
what have you guys personally been
hearing about uh the Tesla insurance?
Like I've heard mixed reviews. I I've
heard, you know, some people who've said
it's saved them a lot of money, but then
I've also seen people who have so
hopefully I mean obviously this is not
going to be available. It seems like in
California, but like I've seen people
where their premiums have doubled in
like a month. And so like I don't know
what have you guys seen or heard if
anything on Tesla insurance? like do you
guys have any overall thoughts on on the
experience?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we don't have it here in
Washington. The you know, so all my
information is kind of secondhand, but
I've heard people who uh can sign up for
it like it. Um you know, there are some
cases where their safety score has
changed and it's dramatically increased
the price, which isn't ideal. Um the big
complaint I've heard is when you
actually need the insurance, when you
need a payout, it's kind of impossible
to actually talk to somebody. and um
very tricky to get some of these things
resolved. So um you know it's definitely
definitely a place I could see Tesla
needs to add some more human uh
workforce behind because you don't want
people getting upset about insurance.
Also states all have their own um you
know insurance commissioner and there's
very strict rules about insurance. So if
if Tesla doesn't like pay out a claim on
time or something you can actually get
pretty serious fines and things. So, I
would like I would like to see Tesla
insurance not only expand to more
states, but put a little bit more kind
of human power uh behind it as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't have I have it on the uh
on the Juniper. I don't have it on the
Cybertruck because it the premiums got
crazy and so I had to end up choosing a
separate insurance. But, but yeah, man.
California's got the worst of these uh
insurance.
It's all bad. What's been what's been
the experience on the Y and then what
happened with uh your your Cybert truck?
Is it just because of the safety score?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh you know, I don't think it was
a safety score related for the
Cybertruck, but the
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But the Y
&gt;&gt; I I don't even I think it was just uh I
don't know, just just cheaper. I guess
maybe because of the the um maybe the
&gt;&gt; because there's so many wise, you know
what I mean? Versus Cybert trucks. Maybe
they just are able to just they feel
more confident about ensuring that
versus the Cybert truck. But yeah, I
once once the premium doubled, it was
like out of here.
&gt;&gt; I I love Tesla, but not that much.
&gt;&gt; It's like, oh man,
&gt;&gt; Matthew, we're gonna say something.
Oh, okay. Sorry. Um, all right.
&gt;&gt; Ask Brian.
&gt;&gt; You're you're mean. Um, all right. So,
uh, Joe, do you want to you want to take
this one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is pretty cool. Uh, Tesla's
got the bestselling everything,
including the EV truck. So, uh,
according to Cox Automotive, Cybertruck
has sold 3,519 units in Q1 of 2026. That
puts it the lead of Ford, which had
2,000, and Rivian, which had 1,600. I
don't know what's happening with Rivian,
man. That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Crashing out, dude.
&gt;&gt; That's freaking wild. It's It's a good
vehicle. the R well the R1S is probably
like what where everybody's buying, but
the Silverado and the Sierra, these are
like for high mileage, these are like
really good vehicles. But yeah,
whatever. It is what it is. I mean, I
like how everybody thought that uh it
was a it was a failure. Like Cybertruck
is a failure. They should stop selling
it. And Nike is selling everywhere. uh
go back to that because the the other uh
vehicles here's the bestselling EVs
overall. Of course, the Model Y was
78,000.
Model 31,000
and then it drops off a cliff.
The the BZ4X is only 10,000 units. Honda
Ionic 9,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it just
&gt;&gt; I think
&gt;&gt; Oh, look at the R1S is only 5,000.
That's crazy. But see, if it was a
truck, it would have had more. I think
well I think it's one of those things
where at least in in like my
neighborhood where you have like a lot
of soccer moms and you know people
buying the Yukon Denali and stuff
they're all getting the R1S like it's
just
&gt;&gt; they're not going to get the R1T. I mean
especially if they can use that truck
bed space for space for kids and
traveling and stuff.
&gt;&gt; So you're seeing that that's definitely
going to be the buy. you know, even for
me, if if the Rivian R1 S had, you know,
full self-driving capabilities, it would
definitely be, you know, a great option,
like even for myself if we were going to
ever get rid of the X. Um but the thing
is is here is that I wanted to call out
is I think I Nick uh called out as well
on X just that Elon did say that when
Tesla when you remove this tax credit
Tesla will be at an advantage and you
are seeing the you know the the the huge
wave here which is people are going to I
think this margin may I don't know if
it's going to continue to increase but
definitely in the truck space the F uh
150 Lightning is gone, right? So, if you
see these other ones, and you know,
Riven, Silverado, and Sierra are only
what, moving, 1500 a quarter. Um, you're
going to still see the the the
bestselling overall EV, at least here in
the US, is going to continue to be, you
know, the the Y and the three. And I
think it's going to be potentially
continue to be even by a wider margin.
So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I just thought I would call that
out, especially as we go into the rest
of the year. This is going to I think
this gap is going to potentially stay
similar if not widen a little bit more
because if the if the if the desire for
these other vehicles isn't great enough
to pick this over a Tesla or if the
price isn't great enough, people are
going to continue to select, you know,
the Model 3 and Y over it or go get a
used one because the used market for
Teslas right now is is really favorable
to the buyer. So, it's definitely
something you should you should check
out. you can get into one for 20 to
$25,000.
Um, and it really is kind of just a in
my opinion a no-brainer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, 100%.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah. So, I think I I I mean,
I mentioned this. Uh, I actually had a
cool experience the other day, too. I'm
going to have a second video coming out.
Uh, but I I saw the Cyber Cab. So, quick
note in Texas, they are building a test
track. So, I'm kind of, you know, I
think we're we're still lucky here in
the Bay Area where you can see a lot of
the CyberCap testing, the SNX Plaid, um,
you know, doing launches. Obviously, the
Model 3 and the Y doing launches in
Texas. They will have a test track soon.
But here, I was able to see a lot of SNX
testing, the Cyber Cab testing. And
again, if you don't know, the Tesla
Fremont factory used to be owned by GM,
Numei, and then it was Toyota at some
point. But there's a lot of stuff that
was built back from those days for
testing in the back of where the track
is that Tesla's still using to test
their vehicles. So, it was really cool
to see several cyber cabs testing.
Again, the video is out on YouTube or on
X. Um, it was great great to see those.
I did I was able to capture a video of a
3 and Y coming out of the really after
they got finished uh charging drive
themselves from the supercharger all the
way to the shipping yard. Um so we'll
release that video pretty soon. And then
I captured the Model Y tent or what was
formerly the three tent. Um, so where
Tesla actually had, um, where this was
what put them from red to black was
creating literally a tent in the back of
the Fremont factory.
&gt;&gt; Um, they converted that to a Model Y
tent and that is where in that tent is
where the whole Model Y is still being
assembled. So, it's like a fat circle
where it's like Tetris and it's being
assembled. So, they have this huge
building that comes from the main part
of the factory where all of the the
wires are coming through cuz it's, you
know, it's it's it's above ground
probably by like 40 50 ft. So, all the
wires are coming in after they've been
painted, the batteries been put in, and
it's completely assembled in here. And
this is completely where it's being
assembled. So, um it's it's really cool
to see that history. So, again, we'll
put out that video. Obviously, I didn't,
you know, get a film ending inside, but
just capturing the history outside and
then being able to chase the three and
the Y was just pretty pretty cool. Cool
to see.
&gt;&gt; Very cool.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, I think we're at the top.
Joe, what's the the update, man?
&gt;&gt; This is our quick news segment where we
do rapid fire on on news all over news.
This isn't just Tesla. This is
everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, Matthew, we'll go to
you. I have no idea what's behind this.
So, good luck. All right. Wall wall
connector for business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is a cool program.
One of my friends who who owns a
commercial space actually installed
these um at at his at his one of his
locations. It took several years, you
know, he put in kind of requests for
Tesla and never heard back and finally
heard back and um they got them set up
and now people can come and charge and
um pay for charging. you know, used to
be if you were business, you put in a
wall connector, you know, like at your
hotel, uh you were you were paying for
all of that electricity. So now you're
getting reimbured with the electricity,
plus you can make a little um little
profit. And then if you have uh you
know, businesses that would benefit
from, you know, people leaving their car
there for several hours. So think of
like a a dental office or something like
that where you're you're staying at
least an hour, sometimes several hours.
It's a It's a great great option. Um,
personally, he put them in because he's
got like an hour an hour long commute
each way and so now he can drive to
work, plug in his uh he only charges at
work, never charges at home, and um his
car is always fully charged. So, it's a
it's a cool program. I hope uh it it
rolls out, you know, to more locations.
I think programs like this are easier
with uh with Tesla energy being in
control over it right now.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. All right, Joe, to you.
Starling Growth,
&gt;&gt; US Mobile and Starlink launching a
mobile service in the USA
uh as of last week. So, this was after
our Friday thing. This this was broke by
uh some little known club out here in
Silicon. Yeah, that club's whack, man.
&gt;&gt; Is is US Mobile a good service? Like I'
I'd consider
&gt;&gt; I think you know where where Starlink is
going to be really good at least
initially and where they've you see a
lot of their because I think they
actually have brick and mortar stores in
these kind of smaller cities is really
these remote locations you know where
you're out in the middle of Kaz or um
Kansas um or you know you know parts of
like Missouri and just like where
there's really not much out there. Um,
and like I know T-Mobile has this has
also been one of their biggest
weaknesses. Like I I do prefer like an
AT&amp;T Verizon, they have a better overall
service in like major areas, but you
know, T-Mobile will struggle in those
areas, but with the integration of
Starlink that can fix that gap. But I I
have not I've seen the notification here
like, hey, you're in like a super
remote, you can connect to Starlink with
T-Mobile. I've seen that. But, you know,
um, Starlink at some point, as we know,
is going to be launching, if not
already, their own actual mobile
service, and they they can just
literally you just get a phone, you hook
up the subscription, that's as long as
you have an open sky, you're good. Um,
but I think that potentially, you know,
if you don't have an open sky, like, how
are you going to deal with that? It's
just so that's why I don't know if
they're they're having to deal more with
like you know working with these
carriers so they can cover those areas
where you are in buildings and things
like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've never heard of US Mobile, but
I think it's pretty cool that they are
on the Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. All right, Matthew. Estonia
coming soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, more more European expansion, you
know. Um as soon as the Model 3
reservations launched, was it 10 years
ago? um you saw people throughout the
world, you know, putting a deposit on
cars and there's still there's still a
lot of countries that have deposits for
Model 3s that that don't have locations.
So, it's great to see um you know, Tesla
expanding in Eastern Europe and yeah,
hopefully we continue to add more
locations.
&gt;&gt; That's something to think about when you
look at the worldwide numbers of Tesla
and what they're doing and you realize
that they're not everywhere where the
OEMs are. You know what I mean? Like
there's still so many countries and
places that they're just not even
selling cars and they're still number
one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if you look at like
Ferrari's growth, um Ferrari has, you
know, since I don't know, last 10, 15
years, Ferrari's been selling more cars
every year, but they're not selling more
cars in the same regions. You know, if
if you want to buy a Ferrari in Seattle,
Seattle, Seattle still only gets a
certain the same kind of aotment. what
they do is they open more markets. Um,
so it's it's been it's worked for them.
Uh, you know, I I don't see any reason
why why Tesla's not going to be
available in, you know, 150 200
countries um in the next 10 years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's it's it's definitely
uh one of those things where they can
expand um further and you know, some of
these countries, like I said, it's um
they're only in a couple of countries in
South America. they still can expand to
a lot of countries in Europe that um or
even in that you know in that region
that would love to have them that they
don't have they have sales like um but
they don't have um you know sales and
service there yet. People I know will
even drive to you know the countries
that do have them but they'll they'll
kind of be on their own once they go out
of the country. Um but yeah it's will be
interesting to see you know where they
continue to expand. All right. So, Joe,
BYD fire. I thought it was Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is unfortunate, man.
Yeah, a major fire broke out in a
factory in uh in China at BYD. There
were no casualties, which is a good
thing, but the fire occurred during the
construction of an insulation outside
the factory. So, it just like consumed
so much is uh pretty wild.
&gt;&gt; Pretty wild. All right.
So, looks like uh Matthew lost dog in SF
spotted.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we saw this, you know, couple
videos of this little robot dog with the
Elon mask on it. And I think I I I don't
know if I saw I thought there was one of
Zuckerberg as well.
&gt;&gt; Yes, there was.
&gt;&gt; I know. I think these are these are kind
of funny. We should see more robots
around. So,
&gt;&gt; just something to laugh about. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Imagine spending $75,000
on your robot dog.
&gt;&gt; That mask alone was probably a thousand
bucks. That looked like a pretty cool
pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, it was pretty accurate.
&gt;&gt; That's what Elon should use for safety
when he wants to go out in public is
have a Elon mask so everyone no one will
think it's him.
&gt;&gt; And then you saw it would like pick up
the paw and just do this like
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna I'm gonna get you.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe. Norwegian self-driving
bus. Yeah, for the first time in
Norwegian history, a bus will carry
passengers in regular traffic without
any human behind the wheel. Uh, this is
the first pilot without a safety driver
is tested Friday, so it's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Sorry,
the test pilot on Friday.
&gt;&gt; No worries. Well, I think I I know that
there's a couple of other stories, but
just given that we're at the top of the
hour, just to do a quick close out, um,
you know, check out our our Substack.
Uh, we post all of our articles on
Substack and X. Uh, quick shout out to
Nory, our family AI planning. We'll be
launching uh or announcing a little bit
more about that. And as you know, I've
been doing um, you know, exclusive
Fremont flyovers just to showcase this
iconic factory. Um, we're editing our
second video, the first one, uh, was was
pretty cool as well. Um, so really being
able to utilize the first, uh, 360 drone
to cover everything and you won't miss
an angle. Um, but with that said, you
know, please give uh, Matthew, Joe, and
Brian a follow. They're all tagged on on
X, and also their their handles for X
are on the YouTube description. They
give an hour of their week every week.
and Joe. Um, shout out to him for also
helping prep, uh, the deck each week as
well. Um, but with that said, you know,
hopefully you feel updated at least with
all of the latest news. I mean, I
definitely feel like I've been seeing
Sawyer posting a lot more. There's just
been I mean, the company's getting to a
point now where it's there's, you know,
seven different things going on and it's
just, you know, they're they're they're
banging on all I can't say cylinders cuz
they, you know, powertrain, whatever you
want to do. Um, you know, but with that
said, uh, we will catch you all next
week and, um, you know, have a great
weekend everyone and
see you.
All right.