Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Battery Storage Solutions For AI Data Centers And Power Grids
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwYaCVed-K4
Published:   2026-05-21 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla makes batteries. Yes, that's not a
surprise. They've been making battery
energy storage solutions for quite some
time now using cells sourced from other
manufacturers. And uh they still do that
today. But a big chunk of the secret
sauce that makes it so incredibly
valuable is the software behind it. How
come no one has copied it? Could it even
be copied? Is there a way to understand
what they're doing and try and figure it
out in ways that can help other
companies? It turns out there is uh our
friends at uh Electric Era Charging in
uh Washington State have been working on
a solution just like that. We're going
to get into it, find out what it is,
what it does, and how I can steal it for
myself. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm here uh for very selfish, very
greedy reasons. I'm going to uh
effortlessly copy what you guys have
spent years developing because that's
how easy it is, I'm sure. So, you've got
something new. Tell me what it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, well, good to be here with you,
Brian. And, uh, we're excited today to
be announcing the COP power platform,
which is our power capacity as a service
offering for edge AI data centers that
helps them unlock new behindthe-ter
power capacity for their data centers.
uh alleviating the grid in the process
and ultimately saving a lot on
electricity costs. Um this is a product
that we've been building in stealth for
about six to seven months and today
we're announcing it to the public.
&gt;&gt; Well, I know when I asked you guys maybe
three months ago, is this is this
something you're working on? You guys
were like, uh, you know, who knows,
right? Uh which could have gone either
way, but here we are. So, this isn't a
physical object per se. What does that
mean? How does that work?
&gt;&gt; Well, no. So, so ju just to be clear, it
is it is a physical object. I uh I
probably did a bad job describing this
in the beginning. Um but let me share my
screen real quick and I'll just show
you. So at at a high level, you know,
kind of what Electric Era, I would say
at our DNA is really good at is using um
really world-class software platform
technology that we've developed to
operate power infrastructure systems and
and one examples of that is our EV fast
charging stations. Many of your
subscribers and viewers have probably
used our EV fast charging stations and
have come to discover it's a reliable
experience with some advanced
capabilities around energy management
and our energy storage systems that we
have on site. With that software system,
we're able to pull together hardware
assets that are brittle and fail and
have a lot of unique behaviors and
operate them in a very high reliable
fashion that is delighting to drivers um
and also uh in in this case delighting
to the reliability requirements of data
centers. So um we take that software, we
pair it with uh some of our own
proprietary hardware and a lot of
thirdparty vendor hardware to build EV
fast charging stations. And we're taking
that same approach with the co-ower
platform. Um, so we're we're using
different battery providers, different
larger power conversion system
providers, different providers of uh
medium voltage switch gear and
transformers. We're rolling that whole
hardware stack together with our uh
software platform for power
infrastructure that I just talked about
in order to bring what is called behind
the meter power capacity online for edge
data centers. So you can see an example
of that in the the photo here. This is a
you know an edge data center with an
array of roughly six energy storage
systems. Those energy storage systems
would have about five megawatt hours
each and would each be able to discharge
about 2 megawws. So call it uh you know
30 megawatt hours and approximately what
is that 12 megawatts of total power that
we can feed into the data center to
support intermittent and uh peak usage
ultimately helping them alleviate the
electrical grid which is a really big
part of the reason we did this.
&gt;&gt; Well then where does the power come
from? This is uh the kind of really
underappreciated and perhaps understood
part of how energy storage systems work,
which is they just charge up during
periods of low usage when the grid is
not at its worst case strain and then
they discharge during periods of peak
usage when the grid is under a lot of
stress. Uh this is what's called load
shifting. Um so imagine a you know
morning time period where there's not a
whole lot of activity on the electrical
grid. Um those are periods where you can
charge up the battery for much lower
cost without impacting um you know
energy prices. You ultimately store that
energy until later in the day typically
during 4 to 9 p.m. when electricity
spikes. Um, and in doing so, you
actually alleviate the power pressure on
the grid during the peak times because
you're shifting the load from the
morning to the evening.
&gt;&gt; So, what I'm looking at here is a
reservoir and what you're selling is the
dam that controls when the power comes
out in and out of it, when the water
goes in and out of the reservoir. Uh,
because it doesn't rain in the summer in
a lot of places. Uh but thanks to uh
reservoirs that's not uh going to kill
all the crops and the people because
you're storing it uh for times when it's
more scarce. So what you're so what
you're saying is the you you know put in
the batteries, no big deal. Get them
from wherever
&gt;&gt; and then your system smartly controls
the the ins and outs.
&gt;&gt; The ins and outs and the reliability of
the power delivery. Um yeah, that that's
right. and and doing this well is
challenging because of what I mentioned
earlier um around power infrastructure
being brittle u and failing in a wide
variety of modalities. Uh those the
combination of those modalities also of
which are unexpected and hard to uh
navigate. So our system is able to kind
of resiliently respond to that. Think of
uh all of the things on site at a
deployment like what you see on your
screen. You have inverters, you have
medium voltage switch gear, you have
medium voltage transformers, you have
the battery systems themselves, you have
power meters, a whole array of telemetry
systems that are gathering data. All of
those are possible failure modalities.
And with the kind of antiquated nature
of a lot of power infrastructure, uh you
ultimately see those systems fall out or
not share data in the way that they're
supposed to. The challenge for us as an
operator of energy storage systems is
using those systems in a manner that's
reliable and that can uh you know
deliver power to the data center or
whatever end load you may have. You know
again we do this for EV fast chargings
every single day um in a very high
reliable fashion so that the power is
there when the user needs it. So, uh, is
it because these kinds of installations,
we're talking multimemegawatt
installations, is it reasonable to say
that customers can save a substantial
amount of money right out of the gate?
&gt;&gt; A shocking amount of money. Yeah. So,
there's a a lot to unpack about how the
utility prices electricity, but the two
simple ideas are they charge you for the
electricity itself, the the actual
electrons. You know, imagine a single
electron going into a single uh part of
a battery inside your iPhone. That
single electron has a cost. And then
they charge you for the wires, all of
the switch gear, the the the
infrastructure itself. That's a separate
cost structure. Both of those get rolled
up into your energy bill. Um and if
you're a data center, you're paying a
lot for the infrastructure because it's
so big. And so what we can do with this
solution is we simply because we're
moving power from point A to point B
from the morning till the evening we're
actually able to alleviate the cost of
the power infrastructure in a really
meaningful way and that's uh beneficial
for everybody. Certainly data centers
are under a lot of pressure to remove uh
alleviate the strain that they place on
the grid and and that's the price signal
uh that helps them additionally save
money and uh incentivize them to go and
invest in solutions like the co-ower
platform. So, what this means is as the
grid adds more renewables, wind and
solar, which are intermittent,
this could be one of the many little
reservoirs that hold that surplus as it
comes in. Um, I'm not going to change my
my electricity consumption habits by
very much. I guess I could wait until
nighttime to dry my clothes. Certainly,
I could schedule my car to charge at
night, but I really don't use that much
juice. Uh, but with data centers, uh,
the thirst is inquenchable, and you've
got, uh, potentially a lot of storage.
And if it is clear that in 3 hours, uh,
the the power rates are going to be
significantly lower, you could choose to
discharge at a greater rate. Your
software manages that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. programmatically and autonomously
actually. And we're looking at a variety
of other price signals um from the
electrical grid every single day. And
the software system actually
autonomously decides how to interact
with the grid in that day against those
price signals in order to optimize the
cost structure for the data center which
ultimately is designed to alleviate
pressure on the grid and drive down
price prices for for all rateayers. So
that's a really I think important part
of the software systems that we've
developed for our EV charging business
that we actually deploy all across the
country already. Um we're taking that
same software and applying it to just a
larger load um with bigger batteries. Uh
so for us you know in designing this
product we we started from kind of the
first principles perspective of what do
we have that is really good from a
company competency perspective our
software systems. What? And then we
asked ourselves the questions, what do
we need to do to uplevel our capability
set uh for this new larger load
customer? And that involved kind of just
upsizing everything. Bigger batteries,
bigger switch gear, bigger transformers.
Um, and in doing those two things, we
were able to kind of quickly stand this
new product up in a very logical and
streamlined fashion and have now been
developing a large array of customer
demand for that. Now, uh, for those who
don't know, uh, Quincy's been on the
show a number of times. Uh, Quincy and
others at Electric Era are former SpaceX
engineers. They worked on a variety of
different uh different parts of the
project. And what they really got out of
it was the SpaceX speed, the the problem
solving, and that's why when you've got
a competency like that, you want to lean
into it. Uh, so that's the background on
on that. I realize that not everyone has
seen every video we've done. We've done
a few. Uh, another question I had for
you about these data centers, uh, is
there time of use for them in terms of
their demand, not the cost of the power,
but do they have more do they run full
throttle 24/7 or are some data centers,
you know, catering to the US where
they're running higher loads during the
day?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a fantastic question and
the answer is that it depends. There's
some nuance here. So, when you see uh
the word data center, you think of, you
know, a kind of one-sizefits-all
building that does the exact same thing
as every other data center. But the
truth is that they're all doing
different types of workloads. They all
have different infrastructure. And the
way that the data center industry has
been built out over the last 20 years
has been to try to optimize the cost of
running all that infrastructure for all
of the workloads that are requested by
these data centers. Now I mention that
because it is kind of a leadin to where
we decided to focus. Electric Air is not
focused on alleviating the cost problems
for large super uh factories, AI
superactories uh mainly because they are
kind of running full boore all day long
and you really need like an on-site
generation system like solar or natural
gas or a nuclear power plant to
ultimately alleviate uh the grid
pressure in the way that we talked
about. And that's because it's running
full boore all the time. there isn't
much time of use arbitrage that you can
do. But for us in our focus on edge data
centers which are smaller facilities
that process real time low latency
workloads uh think of an AI call center
or a kiosk taking your order or a uh
Whimo assisted fleet that's having
inference running locally uh to help it
drive. All of those are time-sensitive
and actually have some sort of dural
shape to them uh that matches the human
circadian rhythm and the human daily
activity schedule. And as you know,
people are not awake typically at night.
They're typically asleep and and that
alleviates a lot of pressure on the grid
and on these edge data centers during
those times of the day. We're taking
advantage of that time of use workload
activity and leveraging energy storage
systems to do the load shifting that we
talked about earlier. So our focus is on
the edge and helping those data centers
ultimately alleviate a lot of their cost
structure and uh strain on the
electricity grid.
&gt;&gt; So what I think I hear you saying is I
probably shouldn't get one
&gt;&gt; for you personally.
Uh you can all Yeah, if you if you're
interested in buying one of these uh let
us know and um probably not a good fit
though. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; probably probably not right for my use
case.
&gt;&gt; Although you have Yeah, you have a lot
of uh you know a lot of views and you
know there is viewership happening
during certain times of day. That's a
good example, right? You probably have a
lot of views happening during certain
times of day and then views that are not
happening in other times of the day.
That's the exact kind of uh peak demand
offsets that we are taking advantage of
on just a much much larger scale with
much more aggregated demand. Uh it's all
of that getting added together.
&gt;&gt; Now uh one thing I've heard about is
that electricity is not as smooth as you
might think. Uh it doesn't it doesn't
have a beautiful laminer flow like you
would get out of a out of a well
engineered bit of uh water, you know,
systems. Um, when the power comes into
my house, if it's a little ragged, a
little bumpy, uh, nothing in my house
really cares. Uh, you can put a
universal power supply between your
computer and your wall that will smooth
it out a little. Um, but with data
centers, that's more important. Uh, how
important is that?
&gt;&gt; It's very important. And actually, it's
important in the opposite opposite
perspective that you than what you might
imagine. In fact, it's AI data centers
that potentially in the because of the
way that they're using energy
um that ultimately can cause what's
called uh kind of power rippling on the
local electricity grid. So, just like
your example on the water from earlier,
um there are kind of parameters within
electricity that can change over time.
One of them is voltage. Uh voltage is
kind of like the pressure in water.
Imagine if you had water pressure going
hot and then off and then on and then
off and then on and then off like a fire
hose.
&gt;&gt; That would
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be equivalent to uh the
voltage in the power going up and down
and up and down. And that's called
voltage flicker. Uh, a voltage flicker
can occur as a result of AI data centers
training where they're turning on a GPU
and then turning off a GPU and then
turning on a GPU and turning off a GPU.
They have so many synchronous GPUs all
activating together at the same time
that if you don't smooth out that power
usage before the grid sees it, it can
actually cause the same voltage flicker
behavior on the whole electrical service
territory. So battery systems can be
used as filters, electricity filters
that actually smooth out that power
impact on the electricity grid. This is
another major use case that batteries
are helping with in order to solve some
of these AI load use problems um and in
a manner that ultimately benefits every
rateayer.
&gt;&gt; So it's not just it is better for the
data center, but it's also better for
the entire everyone up to the substation
level. uh and potentially even beyond.
Uh because of course it didn't occur to
me, but yeah, if it's rough going in,
it'd be rough uh on both sides of the
meter.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh what's the actionable part of
this video? Do we do we tell people if
you have a data center, check out
electric.te?
I think um
yeah, I think I think um when this video
goes live, we will have that web page
that I brought up earlier um on our
website. So, you can go to
electricair.te and you will have two
options now to select from. If you're
interested in our EV fast charging
products, you'll click on that option.
And if you're interested in our data
center solutions and technologies and
what our team is building of Xbasics
engineers in the data center sector,
click on that option. Um so you know for
us these are kind of intertwined and and
um problems and and as a result these
are intertwined technologies and we
actually share a lot of our uh kind of
secret sauce from our EV charging
product into the data center product. So
I think over time you know these two
things will become further and further
intertwined from a technical perspective
and there'll be a lot of interesting
announcements as a result of that.
&gt;&gt; Anything I'm forgetting to ask?
&gt;&gt; Um no but I I just will add that uh you
know batteries are just absolutely
paramount for us to solve the future of
the grid. There's hyperinmcy
for load generation with renewables.
There's hyper intermittency with
consumption of electricity uh with
things like data centers. That means you
have kind of two mismatching
intermittent supply demand curves and
you need a buffer, an electrical buffer,
a reservoir to dampen that all out. Um
we as a country have about a terowatt of
grid capacity. Our average consumption
on it at is about 500 gigawatts.
Batteries help ultimately use more of
the grid capacity, boosting the average
higher to the peak. And it's a
foundational technology that we're going
to need a whole lot more of. And I
expect, you know, this as an industry
will cause us to deploy teratt hours of
energy storage over the next uh you
know, dozen or so years. This is going
to be a major major shift in how the
grid works and I'm super excited to be
participating. How are battery prices
doing at the wholesale level, sell
prices?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question. Um, you
know, I think folks that are interested
in that should kind of keep an eye on
the lithium spot market price. Uh, if
you go to I'll just share my screen.
This is a really interesting look for
folks. So, there's a bunch of commodity
inputs obviously in battery cells. Um,
there's a lot that goes into that. Uh
but at a high level um lithium is a
major cost driver right and right around
what was that 2022 november lithium
spiked a massive amount and then it fell
off a cliff and then it went up a little
bit and then it fell off a cliff and now
it's kind of stabilizing. Um so but but
I would say stabilizing and going up in
a more sustainable fashion. I would say
this is a leading indicator for what the
price is at the battery cell and battery
pack level. As a result of the dynamics
playing out here and the massive amount
of manufacturing that's been stood up,
battery prices have gone down
materially. When I first started
building batterybacked power
infrastructure,
battery pack prices was about 200 or
more dollars per kilowatt hour. Today
you can buy packs at 70 to90 uh dollars
per kilowatt hour. It's a massive
reduction in cost approximate
approximate numbers there. But that's
the level of decrease that we've seen
over the intervening years.
&gt;&gt; Wow. And that's at the pack level, not
the cell level.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh the $70 per kilowatt hour
figure is more of a cell level number. I
would say at the pack level um you
always want to add about I don't know
probably 20 to 30% more cost. So packs
are getting substantially cheaper as
well. And overall the whole industry is
declining in its cost curve.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And we are seeing a lot more a at
least in this hemisphere uh factories
being built. That's still moving forward
reasonably well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I can't announce yet. Uh but
actually you know we will have this
announced in the uh the news when it
comes out. Uh we we have selected as our
uh vendor um LG Energy. are of course
open to talking to other vendors and
like all the other solutions like the
mega pack but LG Energy as an example
does produce in America and I think
that's really good right you know like
as a country we we want to have a lot of
highpaying manufacturing jobs for one
and then for two it is useful to have
that technology here in America in case
there's things like the uh kind of the
uh you know Ukraine war popup you know
we we want to have resilient um supply
chains as we kind of all learned during
co
&gt;&gt; I'm of the opinion that energy
independence is national security
it just and forget about any kind of
political tensions which is impossible
but just having a supply chain
disruption having a shipping disruption
uh having a pandemic we saw all kinds of
supply lines that we thought were very
secure uh absolutely crumble uh under
just the least amount of pressure. Uh so
guys, uh in the comments, what did we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it. Leave it. I beg of you. Uh bunch of
other great videos on the channel with
Electric Eura Tech. You can uh look them
up. You can just search them. Uh who
knows? Maybe we'll put some in the
description. Probably not. I don't know.
Everybody else, you know, uh, like,
subscribe, do what you do, and stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot wait to
hear from you, clever robots, when next
we