Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Which Investing Strategy Actually Performs Better
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G38Qdqs7iKY
Published:   2026-06-19 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-19 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There are different types of investing,
different strategies if you will. And
I'm not talking about mutual funds
versus individual stocks. I'm talking
just about individual stocks and how
best to buy them. I don't know the
answer. I just buy and hold. And that is
of course in itself a strategy. Uh but
there are different ways you could
dollar cost average. You could uh go for
the value investing. You could uh also
do what uh one investment firm found is
the most successful strategy of all,
which I will share at the end. And of
course uh that means Randy Kirk might be
here to share with us some thoughts he
has on additional investment strategies
because you want to get a couple extra
pennies wherever you can. Let's find out
if that's even possible. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
So Randy,
&gt;&gt; you have spoken once or twice on your
channel about investments
&gt;&gt; from time to time. Yes,
&gt;&gt; it is an exaggeration. It is once or
twice often per day.
&gt;&gt; Per day.
&gt;&gt; Per day. I think that would be closer to
the accurate number. Certainly four to
10 times a week. So what I'm looking at
here is um dollar cost averaging. This
is something people may have heard. Now,
the first strategy is just I got a lump
of cash. I'm going to buy something. I
buy something, right? Second strategy is
don't do that. Spread it out. What is
dollar cost averaging and what is the
advantage and disadvantage?
So, some people really take it to an
extreme. I think uh Steve Mark Ryan says
I think that he does it this way and
that is he has an allocation per month.
he has x amount of income whether he
does it on the same day or anything like
that but he just has an allocation and
he just uses it every month to buy
shares and over time you have an average
price that you've paid um as long as you
have conviction in the stock that should
you know and if the stock you know
responds to your convictions that should
really work out well for you in the end
he claims and I think he's shown in
great detail that you're you're probably
going to do just as well dollar cost
averaging as if you try to pick bottoms
and pick tops and do all this kind of
stuff because nobody's any good at it.
&gt;&gt; No, no. My crystal ball is in the shop.
So, the idea is instead of uh investing
1,200 a year, you invest 100 every
month. That means you are going to buy
some shares during the most expensive
month of the year, but you're also going
to get some shares during the cheapest
month of the year. And I mean, if you
wanted to go nuts, you could dollar cost
average every day. that seems exhaustive
and statistically unnecessary. Uh but
the idea is that um you would end up uh
getting some good deals and some less
good deals, but you would get into the
stock. You definitely wouldn't buy the
lowest point in the market. No one ever
does. But you also wouldn't buy as close
to the highest point in the market. It's
just one strategy. Would you say this
one is reasonable?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I mean again Steve Mark Ryan is
a you know brilliant uh investor and
strategist and my opinion and uh you
know it's the one he does recommend. I
have never used it personally. Um I am a
stock picker. Um and uh I I usually also
try to pick where I want to enter. Uh so
for instance on SpaceX coming up this
week I'm gonna I have dry powder and I'm
going to be trying to pick a good entry
point. Um, I think it would have been a
good entry point to get in at 150
&gt;&gt; and now we're at 191 or something. So,
will it come back to 150, which would
have been a good entry point for me. Um,
or um Larry Goldberg said the other day
he's very happy to buy it under 170.
&gt;&gt; But we've again passed both of those.
Anyway, but that's that's kind of my
strategy. I also have told people over
the years, especially when you're buying
options, I try to figure out is the com
right today, if this is the first day
that I ever found this company and ever
found out about this stock or this
price, do I think it's a good deal
today? And that way I'm not worried
about
&gt;&gt; right past stuck in the past, right?
&gt;&gt; Stock, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's a great that's a great idea.
Yeah, I like that. Um so another
strategy it may you may call it value
investing you may call it tactical
allocation is to uh pick some market
numbers and say well if it I'm going to
instead of buying $100 every week I'm
going to put the money on the sidelines
I'm going to put it in you know the cash
portion of my account and I'm going to
wait until it hits a certain point below
the trailing 12 month for example and
then I'm going to buy it because I have
the conviction
Uh, but I don't know which day to pick.
So, I'm going to pick a day when it just
kind of dipped. Now, maybe it's going to
dip more. But then I lost less than if
I'd have bought it a week earlier. Uh,
do the managers in this universe have a
skill at market timing? We use
regression analysis to identify and
isolate the primary risks that these
managers take to see if they generate
excess returns after we control for
these factors. The 24% of managers requ
rep represented by the blue dots that
fall above the black zero line are
delivering alpha through their tactical
allocations. However, threearters of
managers on this chart are delivering
negative alpha by trying to time it. Uh
is this is this better or worse than
dollar cost averaging or just different?
Yeah. So, this this comes into a uh it's
different and it's probably worse in
general, but what I've been talking
about for a while now as I've gotten
deeper and deeper into all this is that
your average
guy that's doing this allocating, he's
allocated, he may have 20 companies, he
may have 50 company, he may have a
hundred companies that he's trying to
manage. Um, and so he doesn't have time
to watch the ticker every day. uh you
know you know on every single stock and
make decisions about what's going to
happen. He may be using algorithms and
you know computer programs and now AI uh
to help out. But so I know for me and
I've talked about on my show before is
that I had this one year when I went
crazy and I was doing a whole bunch of
of uh out of the money options and I
made a lot of money. Well, it was a lot
of percentage anyway. I made 30 33x my
money. Um, and and I made it by watching
the sticker the ticker all day long and
buying and selling on the same day. And
if I made $200 or $400 or $500, that was
enough. And then I'd get out. Then I'd
play again. And sometimes I did it twice
in the same day and then start again
tomorrow. Um, I don't know if it had
anything to do with the heart surgery
that I had to have, but but it was it
was exhausting. I can tell you that.
&gt;&gt; You could ask your cardiologist. He
knows
that that person will tell you without
hesitation. By the way, guys, there's
one funny funny bit coming up. Do not
miss out on that part. Um, value
investing is an interesting strategy.
Um, again, my strategy is buy and hold.
My strategy is um ask you guys to
subscribe. Subscribe to me. Subscribe to
Randy. You'll look more like this. If
you don't subscribe, you're going to
look like this. It's just the way the
world works. Uh so should we get to uh
Morning Star has an interesting one.
Morning Star was able to uh find a
Fidelity study uh that uh found they
looked at their investors who were not
managed to find who is the best at
managing their own money and uh what
group of people do you imagine it was?
&gt;&gt; Wow.
Um, my my my best guess would be women
and then a few men.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so you're close. Dead people.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Fidelity dead investors. You see a
number of stories of this. Uh, it's hard
to find the actual evidence of the
actual study. It was an internal study.
Uh, but the general notion is sound.
Buying and holding doesn't incur large
fees. You're not paying to trade. you're
not paying a manager. And dead people,
they do not make emotional decisions on
stocks.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, they they really have uh no
skin in the game. It is all, I assume,
in the casket. I don't know if they
charge you differently for putting the
skin somewhere else. I should check into
that. The main reason was due to trading
volume. Uh so, uh let's see. Women did
fare better than men. There you go,
Randy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, good job. That's because they're
that's because they're less in inclined
to take risks and so they would be the
value investor or the dollar cost
averager or they would be the index
player and so over time they probably
win. But then some of the guys who are
at the extremes would be the ones that
just go crazy because they're taking
some risks and they end up doing well
taking the risks. But contrary wise,
maybe some of those same people on other
years are are are otherwise ones that
were not as good at it end up losing
tons of money. So on average, we found
that that women are better at managing
companies and as they point out, better
at managing uh portfolios on average. If
you only bet on the long shots, uh you
will probably not do very well. On the
one occasion where it does pay off, you
might look like a genius.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But your 10 buddies doing the same
thing, they don't get their day in the
limelight because they didn't get lucky.
Where if you're always betting on the
sure thing, not that there are sure
things in gambling, the house always
wins. That's a sure thing. Uh but if
you're taking safe bets and not trading
frequently, um getting a little bit of
consistent gain, just a little bit edge
over inflation, uh you're going to not
lose your shirt. Um, and especially with
a shirt that nice, Randy, I would not
want to see that happen. Don't Don't
lose it. So, now I say this all the
time. I know you say it on your channel.
This is not investment advice. I am not
telling you to get better at investing
by passing beyond this earth by
shuffling off this mortal coil. Yeah,
you might make more money if you do uh
but uh you know the tradeoff is
substantial. Are there any other
investment strategies apart from apart
from death that you would recommend?
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure. I mean several several uh I
guess uh almost all the investment
advisors on my channel which is which
there are many uh almost all of them are
you know buy and hold guys but they're
like okay but sell options or sell puts
or you know blah blah blah against your
your stash and do it cleverly and you
can get an income from what you're
buying and holding. So uh again though
not investment advice because I don't
even know how they do it or why. I don't
know the details. I just know that that
is a is a strategy that seems to be very
popular right now.
&gt;&gt; All right, guys. There you go. I mean,
it's a kind of a short video today, but
I'm not going to stretch it out just for
the sake of it. If I if I haven't said
it in this show, I'll say it now. Fourth
of July big festival EV info second,
third, and fourth at uh Lakes Actia Park
in Long View, Washington. I'll be there
to answer your EV questions. And on the
second and third, David Moss will be
there to answer your FSD questions. He's
uh not just a legend in FSD, he's also a
real fun guy. Great to hang out with uh
and super friendly.
&gt;&gt; But uh you know that's because I don't
think he knows how awesome he is. So
don't tell him. Whatever you do,
whatever you do, do not tell him.
&gt;&gt; So guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments. Uh check out Randy Kirk's
channel. He's got more of the sorts of
wisdom that he has shared today. um he
will share some of it with you on his
channel. Uh the rest uh might be in some
of those books behind him. It might be
in his Patreon. Both of which are
available now. Everyone else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots when you
come to my uh big event and ask me a
brilliant question.