Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla FSD 14.3 BOOST The Stock?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inkauVv2AYo
Published:   2026-04-09 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 05:31 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have big news in Tesla land. Version
14.3 of the full self-driving software
is out. And we know that this is the
version that Elon said this is the last
missing piece of the great puzzle of
autonomous transport. Well, I think Elon
is maybe hyping this a little bit too
much, but it is a very important update
and we want to go through this very
quickly today. Just what is that update?
What makes it so important? And is it a
gamecher or not? Is the stock now at the
precipice of exploding and going to the
moon with a roll out of robo taxi on the
back on this version or is it just
another little update and nothing will
happen? That is the trillion dollar
question. First of all, what is this
update? Here is the official Tesla news
from Tuesday. New release of FSD
supervised now starting to roll out. The
most important thing right at the very
beginning, this update brings 20% faster
reaction time to further increase safety
among many other improvements. That's a
very big deal. Say a 20% faster reaction
time across the board for a robot on the
road that has to not kill people is very
important. Now, full release notes. I'm
not going through every single thing,
but reinforcement learning stage of
training the FSD neural network
resulting in improvements in wide
variety of driving scenarios. These are
the long-term advantages of FSD. How
it's set up. It is self-reinforcing. It
learns from its mistakes across the
entire network. Upgraded the neural
network vision encoder improving
understanding in rare and low visibility
scenarios. There were some complaints
about rain, some complaints about sun
blending,
blinding the whole thing. Uh
strengthening 3D ge geometry
understanding and expanding traffic sign
understanding. rewrote the AI compiler
and runtime from ground up with MLIR
resulting in 20% faster reaction time.
That's the key. Uh then we have a bunch
of smaller things. Parking location pin
prediction very important for robo taxi.
If you're in a shopping mall, you're
outside and you're ordering this thing.
This is very confusing these large
parking lots. So now we have prediction
increase here. Increased decisiveness of
parking spot selection maneuvering also
very important for robo taxi if you want
to automate the whole fleet. Enhanced
response to emergency vehicles. That's
of course very important too by the way
and you know you have to read between
the lines you see that there is a strong
focus on robo taxi because this here is
very unimportant if you are in the car
and you're actually driving with FSD cuz
you know who cares about emergency
vehicles, school buses and all that kind
of stuff if you are in the vehicle
because very likely in these situations
you're taking over anyway. If you see
some crazy emergency, if you see a
school bus, you're probably going to
intervene anyway. So, why is that so
important? It's important if there's no
human in the car. Then these things turn
from trivial because I'm taking over to
extremely important because you can't
stand there and and be a problem like
Whimo. Improved handling of small
animals. I have no idea if that's
important. Of course, we don't want to
kill small animals. So, it's good to
save their lives. Improved handling for
rear and unusual objects as sending
hanging or leaning into the vehicle
path. These are edge cases. Improved
handling of temporary system
degradations by maintaining control and
automatically recovering without driver
intervention. Uh expanding reasoning to
all behaviors blah blah blah. So it is a
very big update. We have also not seen
that many important pieces of an update
in a long time. So it's clear that this
is a fundamental improvement of FSD.
Very important. Now what does it all
mean? Do we have people testing this?
Yes, we have the first people actually
drive test driving it. And here, for
example, Nick Cruz says, "My initial FSD
thoughts after some more more drives.
The biggest thing that stood out to me
is the faster reaction time. No
surprise. 20% is very significant. It
feels like it does things much quicker
than before. Finds parking spaces
quicker, reacts at traffic lights
quicker. All very important for a robo
taxi. Once you're out in the street, you
don't want to be don't be like Whimo.
you know, park your cars on the middle
of the street and hold up traffic. It's
definitely more confident in some
aspects in parking lots. I tested it by
parking about 10 times in busy Costco
parking lot. Performed pretty much
perfectly every single time. I also
found it followed cars with more space.
There was one instance in the video
below, blah blah blah. There isn't any
major regression in smoothness overall,
which is great. Hopefully, that means it
can go out wide soon to others. And it
is going out wide now. We see it all
over the place. Soya merit. First
impressions. Highway follow distance is
more comfortable. There were complaints.
It's not keeping the distance. Quicker
takeoff from stop signs. Highway lane
change hesitation is great. Overall, I'm
not noticing huge changes uh my first
couple of drives. So, I need more time
with it. Version 14.3 does need some
smoothening out, but I expect that with
a bigger dot release like like this.
14.3 feels like it's setting the stage
for something larger to come and that
further reasoning capabilities will be
added in future FSD updates. not a
completely uh bullish review by so merit
but he says feels like important update
but more is to come what does it all
mean some people I had the discussion
with Herbert for example Herbert was
very bullish on 14.3 I always said guys
I don't think 14.3 is this game changer
we we suddenly roll out robo taxi just
because of that I think it is a very big
step forward it lays the foundations for
robo taxi but I don't think the real
hold up for robo taxi rollout was even
the previous version and they're all
waiting for 14.3. I think there are many
many things coming together here that
all need to be incrementally improved. I
do think my biggest indicator was always
cyber cap production and that cyber cap
production which has to start in April
uh is the decisive moment where Tesla
has to scale because otherwise they look
like dummies and they wasted a lot of
capex. So is this going to happen or
not? That is of course the decisive
question for Q2. That is what we have to
look out as Tesla investors. What is the
situation is Cyber Cap coming? And I
can't tell you the answer. I'm just
sticking to my prediction so far that Q2
is decisive that April or May will see
some form of inflection point where we
see unsupervised cyber caps rolling out.
I do not think we reach my number of
1,800. Obviously, we are now at 560
or something in the robo taxi tracker.
There is clearly an issue that
unsupervised is not rolling out right
now. And that is exactly what we have to
watch. It's very simple when it comes to
Tesla stock. Tesla stock has some buffer
built in now that the macro situation is
resolved more or less that the
escalation risk in Iran for the entire
world and for the markets is kind of
reduced dramatically. I said it in a
previous video. I think it's now going
down from 50% chance of bad escalation
to less than 5% with a ceasefire. With
that, the markets are ready to rally.
Tesla has to rally more because it
dropped more, but the other Mac 7 and
other stocks will rally. The question
whether we see a real repricing of Tesla
towards 600, 700, $1,000 a stock a share
is all a question if Roboaxi is real or
when it becomes real. And the answer for
that is it starts becoming real when we
have unsupervised cyber caps or model
wise but it's all about cyber cap
running around driving around we need
unsupervised to roll out and at the
moment where it starts going it doesn't
matter if it's just 10 and then 20 then
40 then 80 it doesn't matter the basis
where it starts because it will go
exponential and the question is
therefore when does it start and we as
investor we have to track that because
the unfort Unfortunate reality is we
don't know when. It could happen
tomorrow. It could happen end of April.
It could happen mid of May. It could
happen mid of June. It could happen in
December. It could happen in one year.
All we can do is triangulate the
evidence we have to the maximum
likelihood where it happens. And I said
for a year now I think it's going to be
April this year which is now. And I said
we might get delayed a month into May.
And I think that is what the market is
kind of looking at the bulls that is
happening now. And if it's happening
now, I think we will see a major rally
of the stock. And I when I say major, I
say way beyond 500. If it happens, if it
doesn't happen, these are the two
scenarios. Does unsupervised scaling
start with multiple dozens, let's say,
to happen in April or May or not? If it
does not happen by end of May, I would
expect a deflation period coming again
for Tesla because then until May, you
can say all the people who follow me or
other, you know, analysts and investors,
you could say, well, we believe Joe has
a good point. We believe he triangulated
that. So, let's, you know, believe in
that and see what happens. But if we
don't get any unsupervised scaling until
end of May, I think deflation is here
again for Tesla stock because then we
don't know how long it's going to take.
My entire thesis is built around cyber
cap. But that also has to become true by
end of May latest because you can't
delay it more because scaling is clearly
possible now and clearly Tesla was
aiming for that and maybe a month's
delay is not a big deal. But beyond a
month's delay, it means the thesis
breaks. The thesis, my thesis that I
think many people also adopted and ha
held that cyber cap is an indicator for
scaling. That thesis will break if it
does not happen by end of May. That is
what I think. And then the fantasy about
robo taxi becoming a reality anytime
soon will go out of the window. Maybe
unjustifiably
because then it might just happen in
June, but it doesn't matter. The thesis
anchor is April is mass production
starting point for cyber cap. If it
doesn't happen, maybe a month delay, no
problem. If it is more than a month
delay, no one knows when it actually
starts to happen and therefore we will
deflate the stock. That is my thinking.
Of course, we should not underestimate
the upside risk that it just happens
because at some point in history, it is
going to happen. That is guaranteed. And
the odds that the point is now are
reasonably high. And if it is the point
and it it is happening now, we will go
to the moon. So that is the situation. I
will comment on this more and outline
this more strategically. What is the
situation with Cyber Cap Roboaxi on an
exact timeline over the next 6 weeks?
Cuz that's what we are talking about. 6
weeks until end of May. What is the
situation? What does it mean for the
stock? We will follow this very closely
because catching these upside moves is
all that counts for having good alpha
over time. So I hope that was
interesting. Go to pioneerlands.org
where you see all the latest in the land
of AI and the revolution that is
happening all around us with companies
like Tesla and of course other companies
like Nvidia uh with the crypto
revolution and all kinds of things. Go
there, check it out, and see you
tomorrow.