Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       How Tesla & SpaceX Shareholders Get Paid Without Selling
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRKGeE8jVSk
Published:   2026-07-06 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-06 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So the situation Herbert I think that we
want to talk about and use perhaps
SpaceX or Tesla as an example. Uh I
think SpaceX is a great one because of
the sudden increase in wealth of SpaceX
shareholders. This is a chart that shows
SpaceX's valuation over time starting at
mere 27 million uh back in 2002 late
2002 I think it was. Um and then you
know the first Falcon 9 flight company's
worth about a billion dollars at that
point. Uh and that's back in 2010 2011
time frame. Google and Fidelity invested
uh about a billion um and that that time
the company was worth 10 billion dollars
and then now it's the hockey stick
straight up. Uh just last summer uh the
valuation of the company was less than
400 billion and now as a public company
around around a couple of trillion
dollars. So a lot of sudden wealth
creation and a lot of investors who may
be saying well this is great how can I
monetize some of this but I don't really
want to you know sell the stock right
now and of course they can't right now.
they're locked up and most of these
strategies actually we're going to talk
about would require the shares to be
post lockup. So we're maybe a little bit
early in terms of discussing this with
respect to SpaceX shareholders, but
certainly if you are in that camp, these
are good things to begin thinking about
once you receive shares that that are no
longer locked up beginning in August. So
in terms of SpaceX now, we can look at
uh SpaceX trading as a public company
and you know it's only been a week and
you can see the stock has gone from the
IPO price of 135 up to a high of about
uh 225 to touch that level and uh closed
on Thursday market close at 185. So
there's already been quite a bit of
volatility, quite a bit of fluctuation
here. The key thing to keep in mind with
SpaceX is right now there's a very small
percentage of the total shares that are
freely tradable. uh I think about 4% of
the stock roughly is is publicly
tradable at this point. So what you're
seeing here is a very still very
illlquid stock potentially and so you
should expect huge fluctuations and
fluctuations you know very quickly um
until all of the shares become released
um at the end of this at the end of this
year perhaps in into next year. I
understand some people are locked up a
little bit longer uh than what what was
shown in that perspectus um just because
of the funds that they're invested in.
Um it's going to take a while for the
stock to really kind of settle out in
terms of you know sort of more
consistent trading. Even then we've seen
stocks like Tesla and Nvidia and other
massive companies still have a lot of
volatility in them. So even when SpaceX
becomes highly liquid, it still may be a
highly volatile stock. So are the
solutions you're going to give also
apply to people who can't sell not only
that they don't want to sell shares that
they have in some company but also can't
sell and then no
&gt;&gt; um yes and no depends on on the
situation but generally I would say that
if they require the shares to not be
locked up in order to be able to do
certain things with them whether it's
option strategies whether it's borrowing
against the shares uh you can't do that
with shares that are locked up. Okay,
&gt;&gt; so here's the here's the problem I think
that that most of these investors face
is they've got this highly appreciated
stock. It's done tremendously well. It's
probably created a bit of a
concentration in their portfolio and yet
they may not want to sell it. They may
still believe that the upside is is
still there and that there's a long-term
future in Tesla and SpaceX and other
companies. And that's great. But at the
same time, the thing that we're often
seeing is they need some cash flow. Um,
so the challenge is how do you get cash
flow while keeping the upside?
&gt;&gt; For some people, it's how do you get
cash flow while reducing the downside?
That's that's a common challenge. And
then the third thing is how do you get
cash flow without triggering capital
gains? Because if you needed cash flow,
you could just simply sell the stock.
But but a lot of people don't want to do
that because a they're trying to
maintain the upside and they're trying
to avoid paying the capital gains. So
these are these are not easy uh there's
no no easy solutions to these but there
are some things that we can do. So
here's here's just a again just rough
example, right? So let's say your
portfolio value, you've got $5 million
of SpaceX, 5 million of Tesla, some
other company, and you have a certain
annual income need. And I did a table
here that ranged from $100,000 a year to
a million. Okay. On the $5 million
portfolio, the 100,000 is 2% on an
annualized basis. So that's not too bad.
That feels like that could be doable.
and some of the strategies that's
entirely doable to get that kind of
income and maybe even up to 200,000 4%
and perhaps a little bit higher into the
six potentially 8% range. But go beyond
that, you're really taking on in most
cases probably a lot of risk to get much
higher income on a portfolio of that
size. And of course, as your portfolio
value is higher, then of course getting
those annual income needs becomes easier
and easier. And relatively speaking, on
a percentage basis, it's a much smaller
amount. So, for example, on a $25
million portfolio, a million dollars of
annual income is only 4%.
So, there's lots of different strategies
that can potentially generate that kind
of income fairly comfortable, fairly
reliably.
Whereas, if you're trying to generate a
million dollars a year on a $5 million
portfolio, that's going to be pretty
tough. You're probably taking on a lot
of risk to do that. The other thing that
matters is your income need over time.
Is it that you need $100,000, you know,
just this year, or do you need it for,
in this example, 5 years for this $5
million portfolio? In that case, you're
taking 10% of the current value of your
portfolio over this 5year period. That
may not be crazy, but again, if you
needed a million dollars that you're
taking, you're going to be taking a h
100% of your portfolio out over a
five-year period, your portfolio, your
investment is going to have to double
over that time period to end up with the
same amount of capital that you have
today. Again, that may be possible for
companies like Tesla and SpaceX and
others, but you have to be very careful.
Um, and again, same situation. If you
are taking out certain amount of money
over 10 years or 25 years for those
larger portfolios, it's a similar
situation. So, it's not just the amount
of income, it's the duration that you
need the income for. Again, I think
pretty obvious, but worth stating.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so here are the potential
solutions. Now, there's a lot of detail
to all of these, and right now we're
going to just touch on kind of an
overview of all of them, and we'll go
into a bit more discussion about some of
the option strategies. So, you're
generally selling some of your upside
for current income. That's generally
what you're doing. you're getting an
option premium. In order to earn a
premium from an option, you have to sell
it. You're selling somebody either the
right to buy stock from you or the right
to sell stock to you. Um, and so that's
how you get income from option
strategies. Um, option strategies too,
you need to think about the time frame
involved. You could sell options over
the course of a day, a week, a month, a
year. And so there's a lot of complexity
with options and we'll get into more
details in a second. There's securities
lending. You can rent out the shares to
people that want to short sell your
stock. And you can imagine at some point
with SpaceX, there'll be plenty of
people looking to short the stock on the
belief that it's overvalued. And so you
can rent out the stock to them and
receive income for that. The problem
with that is that that may not be
consistent form of income. And then the
other thing too, as a shareholder in
SpaceX, you might not want somebody to
short your shares, right? the short
sellers are not Elon's friends
necessarily. So, this is a one that a
lot of people aren't that interested in
doing, but I just want to mention it.
So, in terms of then borrowing against
your assets, there's two principal ways
to do it. One is what you would call a
line of credit, pledged asset line is
what some people call it. Basically,
where you put the securities in your
account and you can use those as
collateral and you have an interest rate
that's tied to that. It might be fixed
or it might be floating depending on how
they structure it. And you can borrow
money from your assets.
And one of the restrictions with this is
that you can't turn around and buy more
securities. You have to borrow the
money, take the money out. Typically,
you would do this for maybe a real
estate transaction. You're looking to
buy or build a house. You need some
funds for that. You don't want to sell
the stock. So, you can borrow against
it, take money out, and buy real estate
with it. You could also just spend the
money if you wanted to as well. What you
end up with there though is again a a an
amount borrowed that you're going to
have to pay back at some point and
hopefully the appreciation on the
underlying stock more than covers that
over a period of time. So a margin loan
is very similar. You can borrow money,
you can take money out, you can spend
it, you could build build or buy a house
with it, but you can also take that
money and buy more securities. You can
leverage your portfolio in a with a
margin loan. Cannot do that with a line
of credit. So that's where it's that's a
key difference. Um both of these you run
the risk if the collateral goes down
enough you get a call from them saying
hey you need to post more collateral or
we're going to sell something that can
happen on both of these lines. Uh margin
loans are great very flexible for a lot
of people. They they no longer hold you
know a ton of cash outside as like a
rainy day fund. They just borrow from
from margin if they need something on a
short-term basis. That's one way to use
it. Another way to use it is to borrow
on margin and invest in various income
securities. And we're going to touch on
this a bit more in a minute. So there
you're earning some kind of spread.
Let's say if you can borrow at 5% and
invest at 10, then you can earn a net
difference between the two rates of 5%.
And you can make some money that way. So
that's an interesting thing to explore
and we'll cover that in much more detail
in a minute. There's other things like
prepaid variable Ford contracts. where
you agreed to deliver a certain number
of shares maybe five years from now for
cash today, right? They're giving you
cash up front. You can do whatever you
want with it and you are going to you're
going to give them the shares
&gt;&gt; five five years from now.
&gt;&gt; You know any of this existed. So there's
there's a thing called a prepaid
variable forward contract where you're
basically saying, "Okay, you're going to
give me cash today, but then in the
future at a certain date specified, I
have to sell you whatever the stock is
priced at that moment." That's right.
So, it could be a variable number of
shares. It may not be a set number.
&gt;&gt; So, depending on where the stock is at
that point in time,
&gt;&gt; it's the amount that's owed plus
interest probably.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Uh there's other things
called exchange funds um where you can
diversify into a broader divers
portfolio of other assets uh without
paying immediate taxes. Uh typically
though, the investments that go in
exchange funds are sort of stocks that
people no longer want to own, right? you
you're not typically typically going to
find a lot of Tesla or SpaceX in these
kinds of vehicles, but again, just for
completeness, wanted to add that on here
as well. Some of those can be
interesting. You do have to watch out
for fees and so and so on with those,
but it's a way to diversify. It's not so
much an income strategy, but just a way
to diversify your concentration risk.
The ultimate way to deal with the
concentration risk is to give it away.
again not necessarily producing income.
Although some of the charitable funds do
allow uh a way to generate income from
from these investments.
So if you're charitably minded and and
or you want income, some of these things
can be appealing. Again, there's a whole
list of different ways of doing this
from charitable remainder trusts to gift
annuities, donor advised funds, private
foundations. There's all kinds of stuff
and there's a lot of complexity there
and that's a whole another show to talk
about those options.