Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Iran is OVER, SpaceX RALLIES - Is Tesla Stock Next?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1h8qz-ge_I
Published:   2026-06-15 19:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-15 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

live session and we are going to go
through the latest in this very very
exciting market deboo. The first actual
day of SpaceX trading. But before we
jump into that, of course, we have to
talk about the big news that makes the
market really like crazy today.
And that is the Iran
deal. And the Iran deal was long in the
making as you probably know, but this
time is real. This time is real. Maybe
some people say I'm crazy. Uh this is
all fake news. But let me tell you first
why this time is real. And how I was
able to predict that a long time ago
when I actually said probably three
weeks ago
that no five weeks already. Five weeks
ago, I made a very clear statement. I
said the Iran war is de facto over, even
though that was not clear to everyone
back then. And I want to just dive into
that a little bit because it teaches us
a lesson in geopolitics and in macro. As
you know, I said from the very outset of
the breakout of this war that it will be
a very short war, that it will be a
total taco. Even though some of you are
offended by taco, so let's I came up
with a different word. I forgot. Tapa.
Uh Trump always pivots away. Tapa.
Tapas. So I said it's going to be short.
It's going to be just a little trick and
Trump is going to pull out very quickly.
And initially I was wrong. As you all
remember, it went on and on and everyone
thought what the hell is going on here?
Why did I say it in the beginning that
this conflict is not a serious conflict
and the US doesn't have many options?
Because you cannot invade Iran. It is
militarily not possible. The regime is
too embedded. It's a too complex country
and it's by no means anything close to
you know Venezuela and all these things.
So it was very clear from a military
perspective you cannot do much. You can
fake it a little bit with some bombing.
That is fine. But you can't do more and
a smart president would understand that
and pull out very quickly. Now Trump is
a smart president. That was the
surprising thing that he didn't get it
or maybe he got it but he got entangled
more and more. Five weeks ago I said now
it's really over. Why was that clear?
because there was a forcing function on
the United States and the rest of the
world, not so much on Iran. And the
straight of Hormus closure was
absolutely a thing that had to stop
right now. End of June, end of June was
the latest that had to stop in order to
avoid a global economic catastrophe
because we were running on fumes more
and more. Oil got gets depleted more and
more the reserves. And if the straight
of Hammoose would have been kept closed
beyond end of June, it would have been a
complete and utter disaster. And so
there was a ticking time bomb for ending
the war. That is why I was absolutely
absolutely convinced the war is over.
And sometimes you have to look through
all the noise, all the nuke stuff, blah
blah blah, and all these other things.
In the end, we all have to deal with
reality. And the reality was no one can
afford this war. The only nation that
can actually afford this war was
ironically Iran because they're used to
suffering much more. They don't care if
there's a little bit of a problem. They
can go through this. In America, not so
much. So that is how I analyze
macroeconomics and geo strategy. In the
end, this is about money. It's always
about money. And when it comes to hard
walls you're hitting, you can predict
what's going to happen. That is why I
said to everyone, don't be concerned
about the market. Don't be concerned
about a crash. This thing is going to
end. Oil is not going to go through the
roof. Even though I said there is a tail
risk that something gets out of control,
but I have some confidence in the Trump
administration that it's run
sufficiently intelligently and they are
not going to commit a major mistake like
this. So that was
the reason why I predicted this. Let's
go to the markets and what they do
today.
after this whole announcement here is of
course Tesla is always sad but uh NASDAQ
let's talk about NASDAQ first. NASDAQ on
an absolute tear uh 2.89% up. We see the
S&amp;P with 1.61% up. That's a lot for the
S&amp;P and the Dow Jones 1%. So it is
mostly the NASDAQ that is rallying. Uh
but we also see some other interesting
things before we go into SpaceX and
Tesla. Uh I want to just slide in
quickly uh Bitcoin because Bitcoin
is actually one of the more interesting
elements here where we see a pretty
massive rise in Bitcoin over the last
since the deal was announced. Let me
just show you guys how this actually
looks like.
United States dollar. Here it is. So we
had 66,589.
That is actually up a lot even though it
doesn't look like it. Look at where over
the last five days. You see it here the
announcement. We were at 63,694
and we are now at 66,589.
So that completes the bounce which is a
very serious bounce at this point. We
reached the same lows as in February
even though it's not visible in this
chart but was the same lows. This was
completely sucked down when we had this
market correction,
bounced off the 60,000, a very important
strategic floor, it seems, more and
more. And we are potentially setting up
for a giant rally when you look at the
bigger chart. Why is that important?
Maybe you're just into Tesla and SpaceX
and Nvidia and AI. Maybe you don't care
about crypto, but crypto has been a
harbinger recently, a lead indicator, a
leading indicator for a lot of things
I'm seeing. So I like to look at crypto.
Crypto is actually interesting because
over the last six months year it
developed something of a leading
indicator nature that really acted
faster and before the market acted. So
the fact that we are now really on a
rise
a strong rise is very interesting. And
you see by the way the same with
Ethereum the second largest
crypto very important. Look at that.
Ethereum is up like crazy and especially
over the last day. Look at this. 5.74%.
Very interesting. Rising very rapidly.
It was in the 1,500s.
So that signals something for me. I'm
always a little cautious with crypto
because you never know with the crypto
guys what's going on there. But the
fundamental buildout of Ethereum is
massive. The fundamental adoption of
Bitcoin is massive. So both of them
dropped very hard into a fundamentally
improving environment for the crypto for
the blockchains for Ethereum and for
Bitcoin. So that is an interesting
development. So I think they have built
up tremendous upside potential at this
point. The question is just technically
when do they go through the resistance
and I think that will be correlated also
with a major major market rally that we
are setting up and as you probably know
I am very bullish on the AI situation.
So let's take a look at another stock.
You know which one before we go to Tesla
and that is SpaceX. And SpaceX is on a
total tear. Not too surprising. It was
predictable that we go on a rally for
SpaceX, the hottest company on Earth,
the hottest company in history, the
biggest corporation very soon on Earth.
This is all very predictable, but you
know, I don't own SpaceX. I think it's
overvalued tactically shortterm right
now. I'm going to wait for a big
retracement potentially below IPO price.
That's what I think. That's what I think
because this crazy rally we see right
now is a function first of all of hype
but also of mechanics.
So let's go a little bit into the SpaceX
mechanics
and I talked about this yesterday. Why
is SpaceX up so much? There are two
tables that are interesting. First of
all, you see all the bullish tables that
everyone knows, right? That June 26 is
the inclusion of the Russell indexes
indices. July 6 is the inclusion in the
NASDAQ uh 100 and following these dates
all the ETFs all the index funds have to
include them. They have no choice. They
have to buy SpaceX. So all the ETFs, all
the index funds that are linked to these
indices that we see an inclusion into
June 26 and July 6 will then have over
the next months uh I I don't know
exactly the cadence but probably month
end or quarter end. So it all has to
happen latest by September.
They have to buy SpaceX and at the same
time so on the demand side you have
forced demand into the stock and
everyone knows it. That's why SpaceX can
only go up right now. Everyone knows it.
Not investment advice. I'm not buying
SpaceX. I don't like the tactical
valuation. I don't know that I don't
like the tactical outlook. But if you
want to gamble a little bit, the odds
that this thing keeps rising are
extremely high short term. The other
reason why this keeps rising is because
no one is allowed to sell SpaceX. So the
insiders, the people who owned that,
even the people who bought it at IPO,
who got issuance at IPO from most
brokers have a lockin clause of 15 days
to 30 days and the insiders have all
kinds of lockout clauses up to 180 days,
but then releasing quarter by quarter,
month by month. So in other words, right
now SpaceX had has a Goldilocks moment
of extreme hype worldwide. the best
executed IPO I've ever seen. By the way,
it's unbelievable what they always pull
off the Elon people. Absolute perfection
in execution on marketing, on book
running, on institutional marketing, on
retail marketing, on all marketing, and
behind the scenes, absolute perfection.
So Goldilocks moment maximum hype number
one maximum forced buying by index funds
number two coming very soon in the next
two weeks and then ongoing number three
forced not selling you're not allowed to
sell. Okay, if you hype a stock, you
force everyone all the index funds to
buy and you do not allow anyone to sell,
at least no one big. Well, guess what
happens? The stock has to go up. But
guess what happens next? Once the buying
pressure seizes, which happens as early
as August or end of middle of July, it
already fades a little bit and then the
sellers are allowed to come in. And that
combination in my opinion and the hype
is going down and the critics come out
of the gate. This leads to this famous
chart that I you know didn't invent. I
stole it from someone on X. Uh some some
of you actually connected me to some
accounts that used that before. So we
try to trace down the actual author but
I don't believe it's a crypto guy that
was connected. In any case, that is the
chart that I believe is happening. uh
here IPO excitement. Forget the retail
thing. I I hate the re retail bashing.
But basically drives up index inclusion,
forced buying. Everyone has to buy. No
one is allowed to sell. Then the forced
buying stops because the inclusion has
been completed or mostly completed. Then
the unlock comes. 15 days first retail
can sell. 30 days more retail can sell.
60 days, the first locked in guys, big
guys can sell. And so then it's just
downhill. You're losing all the buying
pressure and all the selling pressure
can now be released. Plus, the hype is
fading and then you go down. It's just
incredibly likely to go like that. Plus,
at some point, we have a market
correction or maybe a crash. I think we
are setting up for a giant rally now.
And I think we are railing right into
the problematic
end of third quarter, beginning of
fourth quarter. Every time it gets
choppy and dangerous. Remember November
last year and normally that happens in
September, October, November.
So we are setting up for a perfect storm
in the other direction, probably early
Q4 where the market gets hammered and
SpaceX runs out of fumes, out of hype,
out of selling uh buying pressure and
into selling pressure. Boom. And then
this stock can easily go to 80.
And when it does that, then me
Joe comes in, Pioneer Alpha comes in,
the Pioneer comes in and gobble that
stuff up because there is no doubt that
SpaceX is the hottest company that ever
existed. We will have much more coming.
I promise you. I know I overpromise on
the timelines. That's what why I'm like
Elon. I'm always late. Unfortunately,
that's only a little piece of Elon. I
have that piece already locked down. I'm
trying to copy Elon and I succeeded
already in being late on my timelines.
So, now I just have to deliver the rest.
Um, but we have a lot of SpaceX
analytics coming. We have a lot of
models coming that outline the entire
space opportunity beyond SpaceX. But
SpaceX is a big fish and how it ties
into AGI. That's why this thing in the
end will come much bigger and faster
than people think, but not until
probably
end of next year. So, we have time to
wait to see this drop. But in the
meantime, it will of course not drop. It
will rise and rise and rise because of
these reasons that I outlined.
Now, let's get of course to our sad sad
best stock ever. Tesla falling. Where is
it now? Oh, that's crazy. It had a
little run. Tesla becoming very
irrational here. But on Tesla, you know
my thesis. I repeat it again. I think
Tesla is a much stronger company than it
was at all-time highs December 16th,
2025, roughly 6 months ago. I think we
are going back to all-time highs now
that the rally is on.
We know that there's a rejection point
at 440. We have seen this multiple times
and that killed me the second time a
little bit. I had a bad time but so we
have to be cautious when we approach 440
there will be resistance again I think
this time we might just break through go
to 490
uh we know the entire situation with the
robo taxis you know there's more news by
the way today every day there is now
more news on the robo taxi situation I'm
incredibly bullish on this whole thing
and think big things are going to happen
very soon
uh of course We don't know exactly when,
but I think we have a local probability
maximum in the next two weeks because
number one,
number one robo taxi. Let's see what we
have or cyber cap
here. Look at this. Soya merit 55 cyber
caps. And I know some people
they're not just parking lots. They have
their little wheel caps on. There are
massive amounts of these things like
this is a lot of cars guys. Think about
it for Dallas. And then you have the
same in Austin, the same in Houston and
all over the place. So we see this more
and more. And we have also the end of
the first half of this year coming up.
And we know that just six or five months
ago, four four and a half months ago,
Tesla announced in the earnings call
that uh they plan to add five more
cities
by the end of first half that is now you
know and we know they're all ramping
this stuff up. So
I would not be surprised if we see some
action. We have to be prepared for some
action. If that happens,
then we will see very quickly the stock
going to all-time highs. And if it
doesn't happen, by the way, I think we
still go automatically to 440 because
that's where we belong anyway in this
whole situation.
So, right now at 411, I'm tactically
very bullish short-term on Tesla. If we
go up more to 420, 430, 440 without
Cyber Cap showing some life, I get much
more cautious. I will definitely derisk,
take leverage down. Right now, I'm
leveraged with short puts at the money,
a little bit in the money even. Uh,
premiums look very good. So, I am at
risk right now and uh having good days,
but I had also very bad days because of
that. I was a little early, I think, at
440. I went in too strong because of the
cyber cap and all-time high situation
and got a little slaughtered. So now I'm
making it back little leverage but I
think below 440 we are safe. At 440 we
get unsafe unless we see some action and
if we see action we go straight to
alltime highs. That is what I predict.
Not a promise just a prediction.
And now to conclude this to conclude
this little session then we can go into
the comments. I just want to make one
more comment that is political.
Uh I don't know if Elon reacted onto my
post or to other people's post, but I
was the first one who added Elon to this
absolute scandal. Let's throw in some
politics here. This absolute scandal. Um
Tesla fanboy. What does he want?
Uh oh. Is it me live here? Is this live?
I don't even know. But I want to
actually go to my posts
here. This is what I just wrote.
Um because Elon Musk is taking legal
actions as I recommended. I'm not saying
Elon followed my advice. I'm just saying
I was the first one to add Elon to this
absolute outrage where German state TV
German state TV which is a very big the
ZTF that Deutsches fans
which is one piece of the big state TV
conglomerate of Germany and in Germany
everyone is forced I have a video
dedicated video on this coming up
probably tomorrow on the state of German
politics the state of this whole
situation the state of the AFD so you
will get a politic update probably
tomorrow or Wednesday. But this is very
important.
German State TV, the biggest TV station
in Germany or second biggest with the
other state TV station said publicly on
state TV when they showed in their
propaganda and propagandistic way what's
happening in Ireland. They have painted
all the white people bad again. Said,
"Oh, the white people now they're
chasing down migrants and kill them
all." right after actually like a white
guy got nearly murdered or decapitated.
It was horrible the whole thing. But the
ZTF said that is happening. The white
supremacist is out hunting down migrants
in Ireland and Elon Musk is calling on
them to do that. Elon Musk is calling
upon the Irish people to hunt down and
kill migrants.
Boom. That is what German State TV said
like that.
And then I reposted that and said,
"Elon, sue these mofos.
Blatant unbelievable lies." And they are
complete degenerates. I know a bunch of
them. So total degenerates. Absolute
worst case Stalinistic propaganda in
Germany that we are seeing.
Unbelievable. And no one does anything
about it. So now Elon says I am taking
legal actions against ZTF and all of
Germany is like celebrating because the
Germans are oppressed by these people.
So unbelievable right here all all these
German accounts are now commenting on
this beautiful. There is hope in the
world. Please, Elon, bring justice back
to Germany and sue the hell out of these
people because this time you get them
because what they did is fullon
defamation under German law because you
can't you can't just lie about people on
TV about stuff like that. So, very good
news. Let's keep Elon also a little busy
on the political side. He can make a big
difference
and uh I hope that goes somewhere.
Okay, what should we do for our
discussion? Let's put the SpaceX IPO
dynamic on and let's go to the comments.
Let's see. Is it Iran you want to talk
about? Is it SpaceX rallying and then
potentially dropping? Is it Tesla
lagging, lagging, lagging robo taxi? Or
is it Bitcoin? Is it Ethereum?
Or is it the state of German oppression
and how Elon liberates everyone?
Let's see
here. 1977 Sith Lord says, "Hi, Joe. Hi,
Sith Lord. I'm always a great
appreciator of the Sith Lords."
Uh, what do we have here?
Should we start at the end where people
Andreas Peros says, "No, we should talk
about Joe having to make more jokes."
ideally got lynched by the by the crowd.
I talked about this yesterday with my
little funny post. I made a funny post.
I said, "Tax all trillionaires because
in California, I can take $550 billion
from Elon and buy two homeless beds."
No, no, one bed for two homeless people
and it's going to be great. And then
people wanted to kill me. It's very sad.
Uh let's start at the beginning.
Uh,
okay. The scrolling starts again. Not
convinced it's over. LK Lab says, "Not
convinced it's over." The Iran war.
I think there will be. We already know
Israel doesn't like it. They will
probably attack Iran. They already said
so. But that doesn't make it's over,
right? I think Trump has totally had it.
He he that was horrible. The experience
was horrible for Trump. He has had it
and I do not think he's going to start
this again and there's a lot of things
going on behind the scenes. So I think
it is over. Not in the sense that
there's no war anymore. Not in the sense
that Israel is not going to attack Iran
or Iran is going to attack Israel or
something. But this has nothing to do
with the United States. So I think on
the United States side it is pretty much
over.
David Losing says you're awesome. Thanks
for your advice. Thank you so much
David. I think I was right on this. I
was right on this.
But always I'm just a voice, one of many
voices. You can listen to me and then
always use your own critical thinking to
assess what I'm saying if it makes sense
or not. Uh Peter say hes says looks like
the US surrender to Iran and their
demands. Oh, we are not allowed to say
that. But to some people it looks like
that. I would say they just, you know,
it was just a little bit of a squeeze.
There was not much choice. And now we
have peace. We shouldn't like trigger
anyone. I'm gonna wait until get my
salary 276. Then I'm going to buy some
SpaceX. I would wait, but
you do what you think. Uh, hi Joe. Let's
go, says Petty the Irishman. Wow, we got
an Irishman. Hi Petty the Irishman.
Great to have you here. Peter Hayek,
Peter
Hex. The higher SpaceX goes, the better
for Tesla shares in a merger.
That is debatable. We don't know. I
don't want to speculate too much. We I
want the merger deal on the table to
make a decision because who knows like
you know who did I tell this today? Like
I had a good call today with an
investor, a Pioneer Bonds investor, and
we had a discussion about the whole
thing. And I'm, you know, that
rebellionire
says no to the merger and Alexander
Mertz says yes to the merger and they're
gearing up for a big battle drama
between the Tesla influencers,
rebellionire on one side saying no way
and Alexander Mer says no way to say no
way. So maybe I jump in the middle of
that and be the wise man
because I'm saying we don't even have a
deal on the table. I I'm neutral. I love
SpaceX. I love Tesla. I have Tesla
shares. I don't have SpaceX shares. I
don't want to get screwed over
obviously, but I don't think I will be
screwed over. But why would I even talk
about it as long as we don't have a deal
on the table?
Let's see what the deal is. And if you
don't like it, there will be resistance.
Joe, all Tesla investors, says David
Dale, Dale
Daleofski.
Joe, all Tesla investors are getting
tired of this consolidation. Every other
stock pumped so hard the last few years
and the last few weeks. Don't forget the
last few weeks. Um, I agree it's tiring,
but let's see. I I think we have to
trade Tesla the way it goes. By the way,
Nvidia, my second largest holding, up
nicely today. Also very predictable. I I
told you guys Nvidia is ab the most
undervalued stock ever. This is
ridiculous, by the way. I should do an
Nvidia video at some point. Nvidia is
literally the most undervalued stock
I've ever seen. This is ridiculous.
Uh, hey man, last week you said you were
going to take time to answer the
questions that are marked next on Pine
Lens. What's the status?
Nice shirt. Thank you. Let's go to
That's a good point.
I do this on Sundays
to answer the questions, but we can
quickly check out Pine Lens. Pine is in
such a giant overhaul that I'm a little
right now distracted. But don't
don't despair. I think this week we get
it all
totally sorted out.
Let's see what we have here.
I think we already answered this. How
can I even mark this? Uh, how will
Elon's incentives affect? We got this.
Do you have a specific question,
Roy?
I think your energy stocks we already
responded to.
Uh, let's see what we have here.
We got Roy. Where are all the other
questions? We have six in the pipeline.
Do we have more here from Roy?
No, I don't want the archived.
Well, I will I will check it out. Oh,
PEI, by the way, Peggy got reinstated.
Very important. We fought for Peggy.
That was a real civil rights act moment
in history. Bigger than the Civil Rights
Acts, much bigger. And we got
uh Py
back on YouTube. As you know, Py got
banned for no good reason because there
was a crypto scam he was falling for and
he was sharing it on the live stream and
then said, "Oh, there's a crypto scam."
And uh now YouTube actually reinstated
Peggy after all of you guys and I and
everyone and CERN and everyone spoke up
and uh you know Nick Gibbs and Tesla
Boomer and me of course and Faz Fazad
and CERN Basher and of course Herbert
Futurazza next big future Randy Kirk
Tesla Jigsaw um P Bisel micro to macro.
Everyone spoke up and YouTube finally
finally listened even though they
rejected it multiple times but now they
listen to the all the outrage and
actually reinstalled Py. I don't know
who watches Py. PY is a great channel.
I'm sometimes on there Tesla influencer.
He's actually in Kuwait so he can report
on the ground what's happening with
Iran. But for me that was very important
because PY did never have any strikes
and then YouTube just took down his
channel without warning just because he
shared a SpaceX IPO live stream that
turned out to be a scam like an AI
generated crypto scam but no one knew
that and YouTube had that stream all
over YouTube. So very unfair, very
shocking if you lose your entire years
of work. And so I'm very glad
that YouTube actually listened. I wrote
them a little uh X post too and said
thank you YouTube for actually listening
here. And that was a very good it was
very good news.
So this is just important for all of us
because you know if you connect these
dots X is a very important platform. It
all happened on X by the way not on
YouTube. So we tagged YouTube everyone
spoke up and finally YouTube listened.
This is just one
great example. The other example is the
ZDF which I just talked about the German
politics scandal where a lot of people
tagged Elon. I think I was the first but
a lot of people tagged Elon and now Elon
is suing these mofos.
So what does it mean? It means we have a
voice now. If you get your message to a
YouTuber, for example, to me or to
someone on X, I see the message as an
important message that is important for
a lot of people. I share it, other
people share it. It can reach Elon in no
time. It reaches the stupid German
chancellor maybe. Well, he's not
listening, but then Elon sues him. It
reaches the White House. We have
actually a voice if we know, if we pick
an important topic that actually matters
and we get our voices out. That is a
very important shift in the power
dynamic between the people and those in
power. And I think that's very important
and PEG is just one example because
getting YouTube to actually take back
something like that after they rejected
it twice is kind of a big achievement.
YouTube is a major major major thing.
So,
uh, Roy, I'm going to look into that.
Uh, we will have an overhaul of the
platform, so we will find your question.
Uh, YouTube is run by left tarts. Pedi
was unfairly attacked. Yes, we know
that. But still, you know, we can
complain and attack them, but at the
same time, we are dependent on YouTube.
So, we have to collaborate and it's good
that they actually listened. So, that's
all that counts for me.
When you predict semi will have an
impact spare time.
It's a good question because I think
when we go back to Tesla stock, I think
Tesla has a lot of things going on for
it that are actually very powerful for
Tesla's core business. Even though semi
is not core business, semi is also going
to be robot trucking, which is huge. But
the sales are rebounding. Energy will
look great. Solar will be exploding.
And of course semi is coming. So I think
we have a lot of tailwinds also to the
core business of Tesla which we will see
a big recovery in my opinion independent
of robo taxi. I do think robo taxi is
the big story here. But the fact that
the core business is rebounding and we
see semi probably becoming really
important the second half of this year
probably by end of the year will show up
really in the earnings and I think by
next year will become a robot trucking
thing which is enormous. So, that's a
good question because I think
we have some tailwinds.
Uh,
E LJ JQ8 OG says, "Hit the like button."
Yes, hit the like button. Joe, your
expose was hilarious.
Thank you. I will get lynched for it,
but it was great. I'm making a mistake
buying some Nvidia. No, now you're
definitely not making a mistake on
Nvidia. Nvidia is a joke undervalued
thing. It's like the best deal ever. I'm
pretty loaded up on Nvidia. I'm much
more loaded up on Tesla, but when do I
sell all my talent here and dump it into
Tesla?
Well, this is complex. This is a complex
question
uh that is difficult to answer. Where's
Palent 134?
I'm not a Palente expert. I'm a little
skeptical on Palanteer on the ethics
side. I think it's a strong stock. I
think the concerns that on just the
factual business side that Palanteer
will be threatened by anthropic and the
AI companies is overblown.
I think David K is correct to push back
on that and say dudes have you ever seen
our business what we actually do? This
is very specialized enterprise and you
can't just easily kick us out. Also,
Palanteer is sufficiently smart to
actually embrace the EI dynamics. So, I
think Palanteer will be fine, but
Palanteer is a little richly valued.
And I do think Tesla is setting up for a
huge transformation. I think the odds
that Tesla is above 800, end of the
year, above 700, let's say,
uh, higher than not, assuming there's
not a merger that messes everything up,
all the calculations. So
uh that means Tesla roughly doubles. Can
Palentia double? Oo difficult to see
that.
Uh Bilis says, "Aren't you glad you pay
GZ? Feels great to pay for
disinformation."
Yeah, you guys. I don't even want to go
into this German madness. So you're
being forced. I don't even know what
guet means.
What means gadet? some stupid
abbreviation for some government or you
have to pay €18 a month as a German
citizen and you're being forced to pay
that for disinformation. It's like the
ultimate humiliation. You have to give
them money to put up this giant media
system to literally brainwash you and
lie until the lies come out of your ears
and eyes. It's very sad and I hope this
ends very soon.
What's your take on the kerosene
shortages in Europe that will kick in
next month? Aircraft can take off.
Transport will stop. I'm not concerned,
Roy, because the war is over. So, it's
never about the actual damage done at
any given point. It's always about the
outlook. Once it's over, it's over. It
doesn't matter if there's a lag and for
a month we have a problem because it's
all anticipation of the future. So,
but Roy, to your point, that is why it's
so crucial and important that the war is
over and why I predicted the war has to
be over because Trump, if there was ever
a president who deeply understands these
things, it's Trump. If there was ever a
president surrounded by oil people and
economics people, it's Trump. So, they
have absolute transparency into this
problem and they understand if the war
doesn't end at the point in time where
it hits Europe,
it's all hell breaks loose. And that
hell would have broken loose in July.
But if it hits Europe lagging, hits
Europe on kerosene for example or in
liquid liquid natural gas, but the war
is over, it doesn't matter because it's
just a little crisis and everyone knows
it's over. So,
uh,
LJ QA 8 OG, that's a very difficult
name, by the way. I should find a
shorter name for you. 8 OG I call you 8
OG says German media sounds like
American mainstream media too. Well,
there's some difference. I tell you, I
know both very well. And the difference
is in America, the mainstream media is
not that bad because you have the New
York Times and CNN, all this crap on one
side and MSNBC.
And then you have Fox News on the other
side. And then you have a very big
independent media power, right? From
Tucker Carlson to Joe Rogan to Tu Vaugh
and all these people to Breaking Points,
great show. So,
you know, it feels different in America
because of course you have some lun
lunatics at MSNBC, but they're also
officially like they're wearing their
lunatic head with pride. Literally with
pride. And you know, it's like, yeah, it
feels bad as an American that you have
these little liars on TV, but I mean,
it's just they are just one of many.
Maybe the New York Times feels a little
bit like the German, but in Germany,
it's much more overwhelming. They're
literally This is a very big operation
in in Germany. this whole
central. Oh my god, can't make this
up. Yes, I remember.
I forgot about that. So, the fee
collection
central
sounds already dystopian.
Uh Roy says, "Yes, agree with that take.
Let's hope Netanyahu doesn't disrupt the
deal. Well, he's going to try, but the
point is Netanyahu might not be able to
disrupt it anymore because even if he
starts another war, does it disrupt the
deal? Probably not because the US might
disconnect.
Joe, what do you think of the FSD update
14.3.4? I covered this yesterday. I
think it's pretty amazing and we got
very good news on the FSD update. I
think it's very, very powerful. That's
what I think.
Doesn't a December call look pretty
good? So, DD2DL,
my concerns about all these calls on
Tesla is I'm still a little scared. What
happens in the case of a merger if you
have out of the money calls?
What happens? You have to rely that it's
getting converted into the new entity.
Very complicated math.
SpaceX up 43% since IPO is pretty wild.
Billis, I agree. I probably would bet
this going up more based on the
mechanics I explained because it has to
go up more because no one can sell and
everyone has to buy. But that's not the
best way of investing because the crash
is inevitable at this point.
If Elon wins a compensation in this case
will use it to raise their monthly steel
to 20. I mean, yeah, it's very ironic,
but believe me, Lars Milo,
these things matter because the the
delegit legitimization
of the German ruling class is in full
swing. These people get delegitimized
and
R also gets delegitimized. And this Elon
lawsuit is high-profile and is very
good. I know they're going to raise the
fees, but uh they will get punished.
Justice is coming. I can tell you from
the outside the justice justice is
coming back to Germany.
Will Europe ever have energy
independence? Fuel and electricity are
still expensive. I'm in Czech Republic.
Uh no, impossible. They can't get it. Uh
the I don't want to get too geostrategic
here, but I think the only way for
Europe is to actually have a peace deal
with Russia. It's the only way. And this
is probably very complicated to make
sure that Russia doesn't do stupid
things. But I I think if there would be
a peace relationship with Russia, it's
it's geostrategically the only option
and the most viable option because
Russia has all the energy, Europe has
all the other stuff. It's a perfect
relationship, but the antagonizing on
both sides has to stop obviously
caught backto back live shows. Leonardo,
you made it. You asked yesterday.
I didn't know that I'm doing a live show
today, but the editor was a little late,
so I decided live show. If Musk meets
his Tesla goals, will he be worth two
trillion?
Uh, of course, easy. You mean all the
goals. You will be worth much more than
two trillion. You will be worth like
five trillion.
Please fix your damn volume. I the
volume is actually not the problem. I
got feedback from a lot of people that
my volume is fine. So, it seems to be a
YouTube problem that some people just
have bad volume for some reason, but
others don't. So, I can't do anything
about it.
So disappointed that Tesla was lukewarm
today. Well, 411. I take it. And I mean
nothing happens like yeah Tesla totally
underperformed obviously today.
Can we expect another dip in the market
if the ceasefire breaks? I think so. And
this is a reoccurring thing with these
temporary ceasefire. I think this time
it's a little more serious because the
stakes are too high.
The pioneers appreciate the live shows.
Leonardo. I appreciate the pioneers. We
have so much coming up. I'm very excited
for June. I think we can pull it off by
next week. We have Pioneer Lens Daily up
the updated version and will blow your
minds. It's going to be so good.
Should I invest in Tesla or SpaceX now?
I have 53 in Tesla and six in SpaceX.
I'm I am staying out of SpaceX for now.
I think there will be a huge opportunity
in the notsodistant future to load up
like crazy on SpaceX. I think 2026 is
the year of Tesla and I think the end of
2026 will be bad for SpaceX for
completely mechanical reasons. If I'm
wrong on this, I would be very
surprised.
It would just be a testament if SpaceX
doesn't crash. It would be a testament
to overwhelming propaganda firepower or
overwhelming rabbit out of the head
firepower because for SpaceX to not drop
a lot from here, first it will go up
more. But after all this buying pressure
is gone, the selling pressure kicks in
in July.
In order for SpaceX to not drop like a
stone,
they would have to pull a lot of rabbits
out of the hat and they would have to
pull them out of the hat in a very
continuous fashion all the way up to the
AI satellites end of next year. And I
don't see how they can do that. They
can't announce many more compute deals
because their compute is at some point
sold out, right? It was amazing deals
anthropic and Google, but they can't
keep doing that because they don't don't
have enough compute to do that. They can
build more compute, but that takes time.
Maybe they pull some rabbit out of their
hat and double their compute
surprisingly by end of the year or
something. Sure, then they can pull two
more of these deals out, but this is not
enough. That's like 20 billion a year.
Not enough for a $2.2 trillion company.
So, I just see no way this for this to
happen. You know, even if Staling
performs perfectly, they pull one more
compute rabbit out of the hat and sell
it, do another 20 billion. This is all
not enough.
It's not enough. And the big thing that
will be enough, the AI satellites,
they can't accelerate the AI satellites
to the first half of next year. It's
just impossible even for them. And that
means a crash. I'm just so convinced
that it's true. And once the crash is
here and everyone will lose faith and we
see it at 100 or 80 or whatever,
then it's time to buy because SpaceX
will be the largest company on Earth and
in the galaxy very soon.
It seems 2027 will be the year of Tesla
says Alpha James
with the revenue and profit lines being
impacted by Robo Taxi. I think it's 2026
because it will be 2026 because the
market is never going to wait for
financial results. Once the financial
results are trickling in on an
exponential trajectory which I am very
convinced will happen this year they
will just pull forward the whole
repricing and then it will be more flat
in 2027.
Right? If you go to a,000 or 800 this
year it's not going to rise much in the
first half of next year. It will fall
and then go sideways and so on. They try
to accelerate it.
Uh
8 OG says if Israel's neighbors did not
attack Israel that they will not have to
attack them. Oh yeah, these are Israel
discussions.
They can all attack each other all the
time. Yes. Leonardo, are you going to
purchase anthropic? No.
I have to do a whole show on the AI
situation. I love the AI situation
because we are also building the drought
near system. By the way, I tell you pine
lens is getting so hot. We have the
Dropne system. You should you can
already try to use Dropne. Drop will be
this is our own agentic system where we
use all kinds of
Oh, you see my secret work here. I don't
want to show you my secret work.
Uh, okay. No secret work for you, but
you can click on this button here and
you get to your own drought near on
Pioneer Lands. And if you're a citizen,
you can already use it. you get free
tokens and it's much more powerful much
more powerful than claude or openai
because this is an agentic system out of
the box agentic system that does
everything for you so you should test
drop me out but I have my whole uh
theory about what's going to happen with
enthropic and openi
and it's not too bullish it's extremely
bullish on AI but not on these two
space is going to break 200 today. Is
it? No. Can't do it anymore.
You mean aftermarket?
Where are we? Uh,
SpaceX
194. I think it's going to go up more,
but it's really too high.
Um
I'm hold SpaceX and use a put when it's
going down.
Well, it's very expensive to buy puts.
I'm only short puts. I never uh if Tesla
goes to 700, 800, it would be probably
prompt a stock split. Yes, but that
doesn't matter. Uh giants among men,
should I invest in Tesla or SpaceX now?
Well, we already had that. Hello from
Belgium. French part.
No,
my French is so bad. Uh, what does it
mean? What means hello again?
Not that means goodbye. Hello.
May your cyber cap massive expansion
come out ASAP. I hope so. Steve
M said SpaceX will reach 1 trillion
revenue by 2030. You can't take his
predictions serious anymore. 1 trillion
2030.
Yeah, probably not.
Is it bullish on Alphabet Gemini? No, I
hate Google too much. I'm not bullish on
I'm bullish on drought. I'm bullish on
SpaceX. I'm bullish on Grock in
combination or conjunction with cursor.
Bonjour. I'm so bad. I have to learn
more French.
Bonjour.
Uh, Frost says, "The trades you do
publicly on Tesla to generate alpha, are
they the same trades you do in Pioneer
Alpha?" Yes,
pretty much. Belgium just scored. So
that's why Belgians have shown up.
Very good. Germany crushed these people
from what? Kurasawa. I didn't even know
that's a country.
I don't know if you guys are into the
World Cup, but Kurasa is now officially
as bad as Brazil got beat by Germany 17.
Tesla is scaling cyber cab robo taxi
this summer. They will not scale into
the winter months due to more
challenging weather. I'm not sure about
the second part, but yeah, I believe
they will scale now. I believe this is
the summer where they will scale. Joe,
why do you think Tesla is being so slow
with robo taxi? I just don't understand.
I think look at the FSD reporting. I
think the new version is a gamecher.
14.3, but when you look at the reviews,
14.3.3.3 even wasn't like, you know, it
had some issues here and there. Now
14.3.4
really seems to be a huge leap. So there
are still some little issues, but you
see the deployment speed of Cyber Cap
all across Texas and Nevada.
I think we are getting there and I think
Tesla sees the light at the end of the
tunnel now. And that's why they are
scaling and deploying these things all
over the place. I don't think they're
ready yet, but they will be ready within
days or weeks. I think that's what's
happening right now.
Okay, what do we have here? Two German
national players praying with Kurasawo,
guys. Young German spread hope with
voting and Christianity. Yeah, I don't
want to make it sound too rosy, but
yeah, maybe there's hope.
Um, I see very old clips of Musk. He has
been working forever. That is true.
Hello, Joe. Love your political and
financial honesty. Integrity is
everything. Thanks, Bray. Braman
Briman.
Yeah, I'm I'm not doing like, you know,
I'm not your typical YouTuber. I'm, you
know, I'm mostly doing my own stock
investing now institutionally with
Pioneer Reserve and Pioneer Alpha and
the Pioneer Bonds. You can go to
pioneeralpha.org, talk by the way if you
want to learn more about that but we
institutionalize this so I'm doing this
mostly for fun connect with you guys and
sharing my opinion I for me it's also
about fine-tuning my predictive
abilities that's why I'm very honest and
clear because it's you know I believe
that's what the pioneers have to do we
have to get very good in understanding
and predicting reality and hold
ourselves accountable because I'm not
doing this to impress people I'm doing
this to be the best to become the And
you can only become the best in
predicting the future if you predict the
future and do it publicly and then
assess ruthlessly when you were right
and when you were wrong. Like in Iran, I
was right in first principles. I was
wrong on the tactical timing and I was
wrong to predict that Trump is going to
pull a taco quickly because he didn't.
But there was reasons why I believed
that. And I think these reasons were
very well valid. And so now we know
what's what happened.
Bri Briman,
should I invest in Tesla?
Giants among man. I already said I would
not buy more SpaceX right now. Or if you
want to be super tactical, you can buy
it right now and then you have to jump
ship at some point soon. If there's a
Tesla split means we can do more
contracts with same amount of money. I
guess the value per contract drops.
All the splits you can always forget
because they don't change anything. If
they split one to two or one to three or
whatever, everything stays the same in
terms of how much money you get with
what margin. You just double the amount
of shares and buy them at half the
price. Same with the premiums and
options. So, I totally ignore splits.
They make no difference.
Only that they lead normally to some
more buying short term. Leonardo says,
"I tried to hail a Tesla robo taxi in
Bay Area this weekend and it was high
volume demand all day. Do you believe as
I do that this is a sign of the
popularity of a safer and cheaper choice
for transport? Leonardo, I think they
will never have a demand problem. It's
always a supply problem because everyone
loves this stuff. Everyone wants to have
robo taxis and the most important thing
is it's going to be cheap.
Going to be much cheaper.
Bri bryman.
I pronounced it perfect. I don't think
so.
Braan bra aimmon bron
splits are great at giving people heart
attacks if their brokers don't properly
display them on day one. I agree.
Yeah, it's great to great way to have a
heart attack.
Which company do you think will give a
better return in the next decade, Tesla
or SpaceX? That's if they don't merge.
That's a very tricky question.
I didn't even look at the exact math.
In the next decade, that's extremely
difficult
to say. I can't answer that question. If
you ask me in the next 15 years, it will
be without a doubt SpaceX.
In the next decade, in the next five
years, very likely Tesla.
So, uh, Tesla is just now at the
inflection point, but SpaceX will be
ridiculous.
Once we have AI satellites up and once
that business model works and once
Starship really works,
that business will be absolutely
ridiculous. And I think it will kick off
in earnest in 2028 and then 2029 and
then scale like crazy. But Robo Taxi and
then Optimus will kick in too. And so
robo taxi will make Tesla an enormous
company in the next five years.
Dirty Tesla was ecstatic about the new
release. I I know uh RW Hirs everyone
was very ecstatic about the new release
and people were also critical people. So
yes, I think 14.3.4 is a very
interesting release. I think it says
something. So I tell you guys,
some people say, "Joe, you shouldn't be
so confident because it's end of June.
Your prediction was wrong this time."
No, I don't think so. I really believe
we have a local probability maximum over
the next 15 days that something is going
to happen. I have to be a little
cautious because I got burned in the
first two weeks of this month with being
too leveraged because you know what
happened? It was pretty bad. So I had to
reshuffle a lot. Gave me a heart attack
nearly.
But that makes a good investor and alpha
chaser. You have to get over your little
issues and get right back into the game
because I think
it could be very hot. Be cautious. There
can always be bad surprises, but there
is really a condensed convergence of
probability boosting trajectories in the
next 15 days here for many reasons.
Andy says, "Hi Joe, any concerns about
cyber cap taking longer to deploy due to
you needing human driving miles and
retrofit FSD to the CC form factor?" I
mean, this is a big debate. I
honestly I do think it's overrated this
debate
because if you're Tesla, you're not
stupid. If you have Model Y platform, I
think you will do everything in your
freaking power obviously to build a
cybercap platform in a way that needs
only absolutely marginal fine-tunings
for FSD. Like you're not going to build
a cybercap platform that installs the
cameras in completely different ways. So
you have to retrain the entire system.
You're not stupid. I mean this is the
only focus of Tesla. So I don't think
so.
Um, exactly 17777
Claude Chatty Gemini Gro from best to
worst in terms of winners
in the next 20 oh my god 20 years I mean
who the hell knows what let's say the
next five years. Um, I think Grock is a
surprise winner. I think Grock is
underrated. Not because Grock is great
right now. I think Grock sucks a little
bit.
But I do think people do not understand
the absolute surprise potential of Grock
of the Trinity. Grock as a good and
solid LLM compute power number one in
the world. And number three, the magic
ingredient is cursor.
Cursor is the world's best harness. And
the harness is more important than the
LLM. And cursor right now is the most
installed system in enterprise more than
anthropic. People forget about that. And
cursor right now uses Kimmy of all
things. That is the LLM. So the
combination of cursor with SpaceX's
compute and Grock I think is a winner.
That's what I think. That's why I'm not
bullish on Anthropic as a stock.
I have almost 600 shares in Tesla, but
they are in the UK in ISA and SIP. I
don't see how I can become a credit
investor.
So, Braman, we should like investigate
what these retirement accounts in the UK
say about pioneer bonds.
Uh, I have to actually do some research
on that how this works.
uh if you guys can somehow invest
directly in private uh investments
through the retirement accounts because
in the United States that's possible
through a self-directed Roth or IIA and
we have that on the website for
Americans but for the UK
I have to look into that if that's
possible.
Bree man Breeman South African barbecue
man. Oh, I have to look into that. Bree
man. I love Bree man. That sounds cool.
Uh, I want Elon to take it slow on robot
taxi. Too much Elon duration syndrome
and media waiting to amplify any robot
taxi challenges. Well,
I want him to move when this the time is
to move. I think this is pretty good. RW
hir is intelligent the right word for
these LLMs. They still can reliably
image someone with their left hand up.
Doesn't seem intelligent to me. I think
some of them can. I don't know. We have
to test the latest. Uh that's a long
story. I have my own theory on what
these LLMs are, what the harnesses do,
and how intelligence actually works. So,
I think they are int they they are the
atom of intelligence.
What are your thoughts about the fable
export ban move? Also, Roy, great
question. That's a long story.
I might do a video on this this week.
This justifies a video. What is going on
fable ban and the whole situation?
It's a very interesting situation.
About to move my portfolio from Germany
to Belgium to not pay the German taxes.
Bad timing with Tesla going up now. I
mean,
just make sure you don't have too much
of a lag. You should normally be able to
move that quickly. Depends on your
accounts, but that shouldn't take more
than maximum four days if you have an
inind transfer.
Mark Cave, why do you use Google
Finance, Joe, if you hate them? Well,
yeah. Why do you hate them? Big fan of
your material, by the way. Just curious.
I just hate Google. I think they are a
horrible and evil company. Super evil.
Um,
but um,
I use Gmail and I look use Google
Finance because they're so good. Just
because I hate someone doesn't mean they
have bad products. It just means I don't
like them ethically.
I think you and James should do more
together. James is great. We had one
show. I will ping James. We should do
more. I agree.
I'm so cautious with my trades that I
haven't lost dollars, but I also haven't
had a moonshot. I need your mind and
confidence, Joe. That's what I watch
you. I watch your show, says Andreas.
Yeah, I mean, there is actually I have
to tell you one story to wrap it up of
all people. I know everyone hates him. I
think he's evil, by the way. George
Soros. But people forget that George
Soros is a very, very good trader. very
unethical of course but he's a very good
trader and there's this one story about
George Soros which you is important he
basically had this young trader who
worked for his hedge fund and the young
trader identified a they the young
trader identified a great trade and said
George I have this great trade I'm going
to do it here's my conviction here's my
percentages here's my exits blah blah
blah and then George looked at him and
like okay fine a very good trade how how
much are you going to put in? And he
said 2%
of my total, right? Because I have high
confidence. And then George said, "The
trade you have there is not a 2% trade.
It's a 20% trade."
And so what we can learn from that is
it's not just about being good in
predicting stuff and good in technical
trading and fundamental all that stuff.
You also have to be good at like
applying the right weight. Some you have
to get this sense for is this hot, is it
not hot and have the probabilities right
and then size your position according to
your confidence and if you manage that
you will get very rich. That is like you
you have to know when it's time to go
all in and you have to know when it's
not time to go all in. Of course, if you
do it wrong, you're broke. So it's very
dangerous.
Uh, hit the like button. Yes,
do it. That 60 billion cursor deal is
essentially just must buying big boy
call options. Yes, exactly. 10 billion
dollar call option. Joe, we need you to
referee a debate between Tesla Boomer
Mama and the bald guy from
Rebillionaire.
Yes, I will. I'm actually working on
this. I will do it. I will comment on
this whole thing and maybe even do a
debate.
Uh or bumik, I saw you in Copenh I saw
you in Copenhagen Saturday at Pokemon Go
Fest. That's funny.
I actually went there. I had no idea
about Pokemon Go Fest. I was in
Copenhagen walking around and I saw all
these people and I was like, "What is
that in this beautiful park?" I walked
there and checked it out. was a Pokemon
Go fest. Can you believe it? All the
Pokemon fans, I was very fascinated, so
I walked through it. That's so funny,
Oranji, that you saw me.
Andreas says,
"Love that." SIP is a self-investment
pension. ISO Oh, that's good. ISA is a
self-investment platform in the UK
savings platform that allows you to
invest with post tax money but there are
after no tax on selling the assets so
you can so briman Briman I now I don't
know um so you can just invest privately
kind of is is it like a checkbook or do
you instruct your custodian to put it
into any investment you want how does it
work you should buy pineer bonds then I
shouldn't say you should
You could
politically incorrect as you you're big
on AI but I never hear you talk about
memory. Well, I was very big on memory
on FU but I always said like I'm not
sure on the on the valuation but yeah
memory is enormous especially micron
technologies because they're US-based.
That was very clear for a long time.
They are sub 10p with tripledigit growth
rates because it has history of being
cyclical but HPM has changed that. I
totally agree. I I just couldn't do the
valuation work yet. Uh I absolutely
agree that they got hammered because
they're cyclical but they're not
cyclical anymore. This is an endless
boom and we have to look at the price
earnings ratios but I can't believe
there's still sub 10p.
So very interesting. Yes.
Builders foresight. That sounds like a
pioneer. Builder's foresight. I'm new
here and love your stuff. Thank you.
Micron up 11%. I know. I mean, Micron, I
always had Micron on the agenda. I never
got to the valuation.
But yeah, Micron strategically is super
hot. It was always hot. I said it a year
ago. Look at Micron.
Yeah, I am bullish strategically on
Micron. You just have to check the
valuations more in depth.
Okay guys, time to wrap it up. It's
already late. Good day in the markets.
Tesla lagging, but I'm fine with it. I
made a lot of money. I'm fine. I
shouldn't be complaining on these days.
Uh
I'm positioned in Tesla in a way where
if it goes up like this, I have maximum
alpha. If it goes up $40 in one day, I
don't have much alpha right now because
I have too much short puts on a lot of
puts at the money. So, ideally, Tesla
just goes up 10 bucks in a week. That's
my absolute maximum alpha generator.
Bri Briman says, "I want to buy Pioneer
bonds but not available on H Graves
Landstone." Yeah, Pioneer bonds are not
yet publicly traded. Maybe end of the
year. So, they are still private
investments
with the ceasefire holding. Of course,
the possibility of your projection for
Tesla price at the end of June is very
high. Your mindset mentality is starting
to stick to my critical thinking.
Thanks, Leonardo.
Always train your critical thinking. I'm
just one angle. I just provide you some
patterns of my critical thinking, but
you can digest it and then see.
Petty Irishman is also ready to go to
bed. I see it. Okay, guys. Then,
everyone in Europe ready to go to bed.
Everyone in Australia
ready for breakfast. No, it's already
noon there. Everyone in California ready
for a little hike at the Pacific Ocean.
And uh or for a walk, maybe it's Monday.
Um, everyone in Austin, take a robo
taxi.
Everyone on the east coast,
uh, what is it? Afternoon
time for a drink, I guess. So, good to
see you guys and we continue tomorrow.
Stay put.