Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Real Reason EV Adoption Is Accelerating
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFbfeyq7VqU
Published:   2026-04-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 12:55 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The world is getting serious about EVs.
Yes, gas prices are getting real high in
a lot of parts of the world, even where
they shouldn't. And so, people are
looking to different solutions, and it's
getting interesting. Of course, the oil
guys are still going to have their say,
and they have a lot of say because money
is speech, apparently, and I have very
little speech, but uh but a little bit,
I guess. Coughing with me in the
background is Randy Kirk, who's gonna
help me hopefully make sense of this. I
don't know. Uh, but we will find out.
Uh, we're going to talk about batteries
around the world. We're going to talk
about power, electricity around the
world. We're going to talk about some
big dumb new taxes and figure out if we
can make any sense of any of it. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
It's sketching.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
I figure, you know,
if the cool kids are doing it, right?
Trim one. Okay. So, what we've got for
our first amazing headline here is uh
this auto industry proposes vehicle fee
to replace gas tax. As you know, gas tax
is a bit democratic. If you drive a big
gas guzzler, you're going to pay more
tax per mile. But this is saying, look,
EV adoption is rising in the United
States. It's reducing gas tax revenue.
It's putting the highway trust fund
under increasing financial strain. So,
this auto industry proposes uh replacing
the outdated gas tax with a weightbased
vehicle fee. So, all vehicles contribute
to road funding. Shift is driven by
long-term funding gaps definitely and
not a reliance on oil. I swear inflation
and the transition away from gas-powered
cars, which threatens infrastructure
financing. Would it surprise you to know
that uh only 2 and a half% of vehicles
on the road are EVs?
&gt;&gt; No, but I'm hoping for more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it would be would be would be
nice. But you're right that as you get
to 10% 30% 80% you're going to have a
funding gap that needs to be closed.
this group is proposing wait instead.
And I love it. They still managed to get
their ads past my ad blocker. Up at the
top here, I can see it has blocked 185
ads. Every time I scroll, more ads get.
Now I'm at 191. It's blocked. It still
finds a way to get through because this
is of course the unbiased and definitely
not greedy or selfish organization oil
price. So good.
&gt;&gt; So good. Now, they said an auto trade
group. Whi which one would that be? And
uh before you even know, it's uh the
Alliance for Automotive Innovation. Who
do you imagine makes up that group?
I wouldn't have a clue. But just in
general, Brian, I think I, you know,
being self-interested and only owning an
electric car, I think is foolish and
horrible that they would change this
taxation situation in order to include
us. But, um, if I sit back and I get a
little realistic, you got to prepare the
roads. I mean, they're already in
disrepair enough as it is now. And so, I
guess you got to have some revenue to do
that. And it makes sense to have the
revenue attached to the actual use,
which would be the vehicles on the road.
Um, wait, I think it's a dumb idea, but
maybe I like it better than the per mile
idea, which is being used in some states
right now, where in order to get the per
mile, you've got to have some kind of
knowledge of what my car is going, where
it's going, when it's going. And I'm not
sure I want you snooping around about
what my car is doing on a daily basis.
So, I don't know. It's tough.
&gt;&gt; If it was universal, you could make it
so that uh the manufacturer just codes
it in. Tesla would have a very easy time
reporting to the tenth of a mile the
accurate mileage in a year.
&gt;&gt; But if it's only one state doing it,
then what? GPS tracking. Do they have to
build offices all over the state for me
to go in and show them my odometer? I
don't know. So, who we are? This won't
surprise you at all. It is a bunch of,
you know, BMW, Bosch, Honda, Kia. It's a
bunch of gas car makers and a couple of
battery companies. Not very many.
Panasonic and SK are on there, but and
Samsung. Uh, but mostly it's uh you
you'll notice Tesla's not on here.
Rivian's not on here. Lucid's not on
here. So, I think they're representing,
you know, GM and Ford and Ferrari more
than they are consumers
would be my guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, if you want kind of does
look that way and maybe not
unsurprisingly, again, I think I think
even if Elon was saying what I just
said, even if Elon was just going,
"Well, duh, they're going to have to tax
EVs," he wouldn't like make that a
headline,
&gt;&gt; right? And I think that I I agree with
you. Weight is more fair than mileage. I
believe a milebased tax would
disproportionately affect poor people
because poor people don't get to live
often in the places that they work in
the cities that they work in. I've
worked office jobs and the poorer you
were paid, the farther your commute,
generally speaking. And especially in,
you know, west of the Mississippi, mass
transit is not great. There are not
always options that are that are
workable for uh a lot of a lot of jobs
based on the the limited hours, the
limited routes. It's very frustrating.
Um if you want to support the little
guy, uh I know a way you could do that.
You could support the mission. You could
become a Patreon member. You could be a
YouTube channel member. You could uh
become a subscriber on X. I do put out a
bunch of bonus content there and uh it's
a lot of fun and it helps me not go
broke. And if you can't do that, you
know what you can do? You can subscribe.
Yeah. Yeah. Had Grock make that for me.
Couldn't find anything I liked to steal
&gt;&gt; around the world.
&gt;&gt; It's adorable. I did ask it to make it
an animal and adorable and that fit the
bill. Neuron Energy plans a 5g battery
storage factory in India. Now, I know
you look at some of the factories that
we're seeing now that are 30, 40, 50
gawatt hours. This is kind of first, you
know, this is kind of new and they're
planning on making battery energy
storage systems, you know, akin to mega
pack.
&gt;&gt; This is great. This is what I want to
see more of. Don't you think?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. 100%. We've done you
and I I think uh two years ago, two and
a half years ago, um we started looking
at the TAM, the overall TAM for these
battery storage uh capabilities and it
was well Elon called it unlimited or you
know there's just like
&gt;&gt; I think quasi unlimited
&gt;&gt; quasi unlimited and when we started
looking into it it was like holy
mackerel you know you're just in terms
of the utilities which is what you might
think first, but then you get to
factories, you get to hospitals, you get
to government installations, you get to
military, you get to and it just goes on
and on and on. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We got through what we thought was
an insane list and data centers weren't
on it yet.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Yes, that's
true. Because forget power outages, you
need mega packs at your data center just
to stabilize the energy coming in the
door,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; The big electric door. I'm pretty sure
that's how doors work. Interestingly,
Cambodia has cut its import and export
taxes to boost EVs, green energy, and
trade. Cambodian government has
announced sweeping tax reductions on a
wide range of goods, including EVs,
renewable energy equipment, and key
consumer appliances in a move to promote
green technology adoption and support
economic activity. Now, this story feels
like it might be outside my wheelhouse,
but it isn't because when I saw this, I
immediately said, "Wait a second.
Doesn't Cambodia have a flood of new
hydro power?" And the answer is yes.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And the real story here is they looked
at what Nepal had done and said we also
don't make uh and we don't have fossil
fuel.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But we do have hydro potential and
there's a lot of hydro that's come
online, more that's been surveyed and
planned and some that is under
construction right now. So every petro
dollar you send out is simply gone
forever. If you can keep that money
domestic,
&gt;&gt; you're it's got a lot more value. I
don't know if you took econ in college,
but you understand that when the dollar
leaves and never comes back, it has no
more value. And when it stays in the
country, it can be spent five or six
times uh before it parks or leaves. That
creates a lot of economic stimulus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I and so as I know that you
and I might not have the same opinion
about greening or about global warming
and all this stuff, but it doesn't
matter because I've always been involved
in the the green movement for a
completely different reason that was
because of air pollution.
&gt;&gt; Um and more recently I become absolutely
crazy nutty believer in distributed
energy. So, I don't care if it's
someplace like the United States that
has plenty of petrol that we can, you
know, be independent forever. I still
want I still want us to have distributed
energy. I I want us to be never
dependent regardless of who's in charge,
who the who's in the White House, who
decides to stop building pipelines or
stop allowing uh more prochemicals in
case of war, in case of plague.
I just believe that distributed energy
is the way to go and that means
primarily gonna to my opinion it's gonna
be solar and nuclear. So let's go solar
let's go nuclear.
&gt;&gt; I think I disagree. I think you should
have a coal plant at home uh where you
boil water to spin a turbine from uh
from Kingsford. That's, you know, I I
laughed out loud at that, but I've been
talking for years in in the 50s. From
1949 to 1956,
I think my parents lived on Orchard
Avenue in in University City, uh,
Missouri, which is right outside of St.
Louis. And we ran that house on coal. I
remember my dad shoveling that coal just
like he was on a on a train, shoveling
that coal into the into the furnace and
then getting those clinkers out.
&gt;&gt; You remember anything like that? You're
probably that way.
&gt;&gt; No, because my neighbor's house has what
appears to be a coal shoot. And I asked
them, "Was that a coal shoot back in the
day, and they said no, no one in this
town used coal?" That was a sawdust
shoot.
&gt;&gt; A sawdust shoot
&gt;&gt; cuz we're a lumber town.
So, uh, yeah, you used to be able to
just buy bags of sawdust at the
supermarket for nothing because it was
before particle board existed. They had
no use for it.
So they had to get rid of it. Would it
surprise you to know that our town is
one of the leading producers of bark in
the in the state?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, it is actually next to the dog
park, but that's not it. Uh no, it's
it's that the mill is here. So, we've
got infinite bark. Uh hydro power,
economic growth, and inequality in
Cambodia. Cambodia imports all of its
petroleum products which are the main
source of energy for power generation
in the industrial, transport,
residential, and commercial sectors.
With such a high dependence on oil, the
price of electricity in Cambodia is the
highest in Southeast Asia.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So that's why they've been going big on
hydro. They have to. It's time.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; So So that's big. And if you want to
know more about those kinds of about
greening, uh, but really about EVs,
including electric semis, we're actually
having a whole thing about it, would you
believe? Uh,
&gt;&gt; on April 26th in Portland at the Daimler
Truck headquarters on Swan Island. It is
not really an island. Uh, and I'm pretty
sure that's a goose, but that's not
important. Uh, and I'll be doing a
presentation about electric trucking.
And I don't know if it's on this page
yet. I might have to refresh it, but
we've got we'll be doing rides in the
eCascadia. So, if you want to ride in an
electric truck,
&gt;&gt; that's a thing you can do and I shall,
but I'll be there. Uh, oeva.org
is the website.
Yeah, check us out. So, that's going to
be a lot of fun. Is this the truck and
the interior? That's where you get to do
the ride along. And yeah, oeva.org.
Join us April 26th, won't you? And I
know statistically you won't because
statistically you don't live close
enough, but everyone who is has no
excuse. Uh on these issues of
localization,
we're seeing it with Nepal as I've of
course explained. As you know, I
interviewed one of the lead designers
from a hydroelect electric company. We
are seeing uh a lot of distributed
power.
&gt;&gt; This is good for, you know, for their
country because it's better for their
economy, but it's good for us too
because at the very least, even if you
if you like petrol, there's more of it
for you. It's going to last longer. It's
going to cost less. What do you think
the price of oil would be if there was
no electrification movement? How much
higher would consumption be globally if
whole grids were still relying on
natural gas and outright gasoline type
products? Hawaii famously had diesel uh
power generation. That's expensive.
Um, but now that diesel,
&gt;&gt; you mentioned Econ 101 and I think if we
really look at Econ 101, we would take
into consideration all of the other
impacts that might have been around us.
So if we may not have found the uses for
electrification that we're finding now.
You know for for 50 years the United
States didn't increase their grid
because it didn't need to because we
were we didn't have new uses and we were
finding ways to reduce the amount we
were using on the appliances and things
that we did use use. So uh there's
always all these different things that
are coming in from different directions
that determine the price of anything. So
the oil price might be higher or lower,
but that doesn't change the fact that if
we can put solar on the roof, for
instance, which I did 12 years ago, 13
years ago, put solar on my one of my
homes, um, and you can reduce your
electric bill every month. You got more
money to spend on other stuff.
&gt;&gt; Um, and you can also say, "Hey, I'm
making a contribution to less soot
&gt;&gt; in the environment." If you look at a
place like Nepal, they were paying
something like $8 a gallon for for gas.
And that's without a whole lot of tax on
it. So, you can imagine how much your
miles cost to to add onto the vehicle
where now they're at something like 5 to
6 cents uh per kilowatt hour. So, all of
a sudden, you're at like a penny or two
per mile versus, you know, 15 20 cents a
mile. It's literally 10 times cheaper.
&gt;&gt; So, it's uh a big difference. And on
your solar panels, uh what was your
break even time?
&gt;&gt; Seven years at the time. So, I don't
know what it is now, but seven years.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's quite reasonable. Uh yeah. And
obviously, you're five years into
savings and
the the savings will continue and then
the next owner will enjoy the savings.
It's great. Uh, yeah. So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; We don't talk We don't talk about the
next owner a lot because
&gt;&gt; Oh, because you're going to burn it down
for the insurance money.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's because because it's a rental
and the next owner will come after I'm
passed.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's funny.
&gt;&gt; So, we don't talk about that.
&gt;&gt; That's That's Well, I mean, yeah,
&gt;&gt; Macob. It's Macob is what it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, but houses are built to
outlive humans typically. So I I don't
think it's dark at all. What I mean is
the solar panels at 30 years still have
70 80% capacity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're less efficient, but they're
still producing power,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So that's something uh where once you
burn a gallon of gas, it is burnt.
Uh just like that house uh before you
get your insurance check. It's just
basic science, Randy. We know how it
works. guys in the comments. What did we
miss? What did we misunderstand? Leave
it. I beg of you. That's the only way I
know you're actually watching. And
everybody else, you know, uh like,
subscribe, do what you do. Stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots over on Ry's
channel where I'm still appearing twice
a week. What's that about?