Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Waymo Hit & Run and that's just where the bad news begins - Tons of Headlines to Cover
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6Si4sJvTZo
Published:   2026-04-27 05:48 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-27 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday morning in the West Coast at
least. It is April 27th and we've got a
whole bunch of news to get to. If it's
your first time here, the idea is I go
through dozen dozen plus maybe two dozen
headlines, give you the quick
perspective, and then we have a quick
chat afterwards so you know what to
think about it and I can answer your
questions. Hey, BMW and Mercedes just
proved Tesla was right about
self-driving. This article's a little
bit older, April 21st. But, you know,
they stepped back from level three
autonomy due to high costs, weak demand.
Well, yeah, it was worthless. You
couldn't use it anywhere. It was traffic
jam assist at best. It was only on very
specific highways under very specific
weather conditions and a maximum speed
of 35 mph in speed zones that were
generally 60 to 70 mph. That means it's
just for traffic jams. Who would use it?
And the best part is it costs 2500 bucks
a year. Yeah. 208 a month for that for
something you can never use anywhere.
Terrible. They're stepping back from it.
Well, they should. They should be
ashamed of what they did. I had a lot of
people telling me it's just going to
they're just going to expand from there.
They're just going to increase the
speeds on it and then add city. Guys,
the compute was insufficient. Tesla
begins hiring FSD vehicle operators in
nine new countries. Don't need to say
much about it, but that's kind of a big
deal. Following recent regulatory
breakthroughs and successful testing
campaigns in Europe, Tesla appears ready
to expand FSD globally. New wave of job
openings hither, thither and yawn.
Everywhere, my friends, everywhere.
Well, uh, of course that means if we're
going to be talking about autonomy, we
got to talk about the true leader, the
one and only true leader. The most
vehicles on the road over 3,000. It is
Whimo. Yeah. Whimo uh is going to uh
skip the upcoming public meeting in
Austin about a robo taxi that blocked an
ambulance last month, saying the
company's already answered the questions
in private briefings. I mean, why should
we show up? Hey guys, we fixed it. We
fixed it. It's all better now. It's all
better. Did you know uh that if there's
one thing you can count on it is that it
is not all better? Look at this. Whimo
here. Whimo hit four cars.
&gt;&gt; Getting froggy with a with a fourc car
injury. Oh, accident. Oh, and he's out.
You can see parts hanging off the car.
Hit and run. Yeah, you and I would go to
jail for that. Whimo doesn't even get
into timeout. So, that's pretty slick.
Good job, Whimo. You know, but at least
that's the only thing they're doing. Oh,
wait. Here they are blocking traffic.
Three lanes across in Atlanta. Just the
road. You know what? We're done. We're
stopped. Everyone behind us. You live
here now. What is Why? Uh because in the
road there's uh some like it's a
flashing flashing red. It's supposed to
be a stoplight, but it's a four-way
stop. Four ways. Well, looks more like a
three-way stop. Cannot. The science
doesn't exist to handle this. I don't
care how many sensors you have. It's the
brain that makes the difference. And
this uh yeah, this uh this is not good.
Looking at three three scarecrows here.
No brains. Good job, Whimo.
Good news, though.
Mobility. Uh Uber enters its asset
maxing era. Don't don't don't be a hip
kid. Uh that's dumb maxing is what that
is. You're trying to uh steal the lingo
of the youth maxing and it's uh
frustration maxing. So don't But what is
it? Well, it's not the cars. It's not
the drivers. No, their asset is the
data. We have data. We have the most
data on riders anywhere. Well, yes. Uh
Movie Pass had the most data on people
going to movies. Didn't make them
profitable. And no, Movie Pass wasn't
making movies. they were just uh helping
you get to movies at a loss. At a
tremendous loss and all they learned
from that data, and I had arguments with
people at the time. I was saying, "This
business plan makes no sense. 10 bucks a
month, unlimited movies. They're just
paying for them. That's ridiculous."
They said, "No, no, no. They're
gathering data." I said, "On what?" On
what people like to watch. At 10 bucks a
month, they like to watch infinite
movies. That's the only data you've got.
All they know is that people take rides.
So, good job on that. Very, very
helpful. Uh Tesla hits $546
million in annual recurring revenue from
FSD subscriptions.
Let's take that out to 10 years. That's
$5 billion already. Already these are
big numbers. This is the uh flywheel
that we hoped to see get in motion and
it appears to be in motion. Provided a
rare granular look at the adoption rate.
The newly released slide deck reveals
that Tesla has officially transformed
its driver assistant suite into a
massive software business, exceeding
half billion in annual recurring
revenues. Wall Street loves recurring
revenues. Makes it easy to predict
forwardlooking earnings. Yeah. And uh
before we get to today's biggest news,
of course, we've got stock rises. This
is old, but as Samsung wraps ramps up US
chip supply. Uh so this uh the chip
supply for Tesla, Samsung has reportedly
increased its supply of 8 gig DDR6 RAM
to Tesla with the changes taking effect
this month. While shipments are rising,
Samsung's uh supply still does not fully
meet Tesla's total demand. See, there's
two reasons you build your own chips.
One is there aren't enough and you need
them. The other is to remind your
competition that they are not exactly in
a monopolistic position.
Building the 4680s has been great. In
part because Tesla uses them, but also
because the people making batteries are
on notice. If you're not going to make
them, I will. This is helpful. This is
something we kind of wanted to see. Uh,
and along those lines, Intel says it's
boosted yields by selling what would
normally be scrap or low expectation
CPUs. Customers willing to accept lesser
chips due to overwhelming CPU demand.
this has been uh Intel's problem. It's
been a bit of their undoing. I had a
chance to interview a gentleman who
works in chip design and I said, "Yeah,
but Intel can just bin them." If you're
looking at this here, you'll see that
there's all kinds of uh chips within the
the big wafer. And the idea is if
they're not perfect, that's okay. You
can just uh sell them as inferior chips.
You can just hobble them a bit so they
don't run as fast or they'll overheat
and not work. just make them run slower.
The problem is that Intel got
comfortable doing that and as a result
it became a business strategy. They
count on those lower-end chips which
means they have no incentive to get to
higher yields. So while uh TSMC might be
at 95 98% yield on a wafer like this,
Intel could be at 55 60% and still be
very happy. Why would we fix it? Well,
because it's a global market and you
need to compete, maybe stop doing that.
So, let's talk about the stock today. I
hope you're in for some excitement
because excitement guaranteed.
Down one and a half%. Not too bad.
Making a quick recovery here in the last
few minutes since I've been waiting to
chat with you folks. And why is that?
Well, because uh Tesla officially
registered Elon's stock from that 2012
uh compensation plan. 2012 2017 what was
it 2018 compensation plan. So these are
shares that he's already earned that
he's already done the work for had to
turn the company from a $70 billion
company into a $700 billion company in
case you haven't uh paid attention which
nothing wrong with that. Can't blame
you. Market cap today 1.15 trillion
exceeded all the metrics that needed to
be exceeded. pretty good stuff, but it
is going to take a short little u hit to
the to the stock. Uh hey, if you want to
support me, you can pretty please do.
This is how I'm able to keep going.
YouTube does not pay as much as it does
to some other channels. Uh because what
I share is the is the meat and potatoes.
I'm not here just for dessert. If you
want some dessert, subscribe. This is as
sweet as it's going to get. Thank you
for that. What else do we got? Tesla's
giving away a year of free supercharging
on Model 3 premium and performance
purchases.
Not not for your ride share. Not for
your taxi between uh LA and Vegas. Not
for that. Not you. Everyone else. Yes.
Uh it's ended its free lifetime
supercharging, but there's always a
promotion here and there you might be
able to find. This is the current one.
Apparently, they've also added back the
blinker stocks and added a front camera
or are about to. So, that's great. How
do I like having just the buttons on the
steering wheel? Couldn't tell you. I
don't do the driving. The car does it.
Why would I drive? China EV sales
report. BYD wins in a slow return to
normal. China March EV sales report. So,
how good is BYD doing? Let's take a
look. You won't believe who's in number
one. Oh my gosh, it's Tesla.
Okay, and there's BYD starting at
position five with seven and nine in
there as well. If you add up their
numbers, they're doing fine, but uh the
competition is here, you guys. The
competition is huge and uh Tesla's still
doing remarkably well except in
charging. At least in my opinion. Well,
let's take a look. Tesla's V4 set the
bar at 500 kW. charge point just made it
look slow. The days of slow chargers
could be over as Charge Point's new
Express Solo can deliver up to 600 kW.
Okay, so first of all, Charge Point
doesn't make cars. So, it's great that
you've got some uh forward compatibility
built in. Notice the Solo Express. It
can charge up to four EVs at once.
Incorporates Omniport technology to
support CCS and Knack. Very cool. uh
build as the world's fastest standalone
EV charger. Is it? Is it? 600 is fast
for the US. In other countries, not as
fast. But again, uh Charge Point doesn't
make cars, so I'm not sure who this is
for. Didn't we just hear that BYD's new
chargers are so fast they're arranged
like gas station pumps? Kyle Connor
just left China. He did have a chance to
check out BYD's flash charging in public
like for real, like the real thing. And
it works. This is should be a wakeup
call to all uh EV makers that if fast
charging is what people want and no one
complains that their charging is too
fast, not seriously, this is something
to consider. BYD isn't just building
electric cars at a frightening pace.
It's now building chargers. You know
this, we've covered this in weeks past.
They have megawatt charging and of
course that makes them the fastest.
BYD's 9-minute charge was
industryleading for about four weeks.
New battery from CL just leapfrogged and
pushed EVs closer to gas pump speeds.
China's not resting. Uh electric
vehicles are quick, quiet, and typically
offer some packaging and an easier
maintenance schedule. But again, this is
CL. They don't make the cars. They make
the batteries. But a lot people buy
those batteries. A lot. Kind of. Kind of
everybody. CL has over half the world
market of electric car batteries.
So, they're doing pretty good.
Not something to criticize. 10 to 80% in
3 minutes and 44 seconds.
That's gas station fast. Yeah. 20 to 98%
in around 9 minutes even when
temperatures are at -22. So that's
pretty good. -30 Celsius.
So these are and these are not miracle
battery announcements. These are real
companies that make real products most
of which are really out right now. So
let's uh go somewhere else
international. Aberdine's failed
hydrogen bus fleet. What the? But these
fill up even faster
than than electricity. You guys cost $14
million and they're terrible. They're
stranded. 25 buses aimed at bringing the
f I mean, we knew. We knew. We tried to
tell you. We really did. But you
wouldn't listen. I get it. Sometimes you
have to learn lessons on your own. Model
Y now makes up the entire emergency well
makes up the emergency response fleet
for Melafe in the city of Melville,
Western Australia.
50,000 in annual savings from fuel and
maintenance while reducing emissions.
Vehicles are deployed 24/7 on 12-hour
rotations. It's been a big winner for
our community. How did I not like that?
That's weird. Sorry, Sawyer. Uh just a
little bit of good news you might have
wanted to see. Hey, do you know how much
it costs to put Starlink on your plane?
It's a lot. It's like $50,000 a month,
which is great if you're running, you
know, a 737. Not as great if you're
flying a small plane. Hey, we fix that.
We're going to win small plane flyers
back. Something like this. 200 bucks a
month. Fine. Fine. Um, let's see. 250 a
month alongside a $1,000 aviation 450
mph plan. Mhm.
and 165 uh to roam on their aircraft,
but uh you can only go up to 300 mph.
Hey, if you got a plane, I don't know.
And if if you're on a Cessna, I'm not
sure how much internet you're using, but
all right.
Now, even Volvo is putting Tesla in the
rearview mirror. Mark. Hey, uh, Better
Rich Better Rich's law of headlines
means it's got a question mark. I can
answer that for you. It's no. And if we
go into the article, the answer is no.
Do you know Volvo has sold more electric
semis than Tesla? Yes, it's true. Like
10 times as many, but they've sold them
at $400 to $500,000. That's about double
the cost of what the Tesla semi is going
to be. And we know because we have seen
the uh charging rates. uh we have seen
the uh customer prices the prices that
we have seen through the California
rebate program. We get to see the
invoices 240 to 260 is what Tesla
appears to be selling the semi hat in
California.
And of course Volvo's using CocaCola and
Tesla's supporting Pepsi. Get it? Cola
Wars, you guys. These things write
themselves.
Terrible. Cybertruck versus Rivian R1T.
Which one's the safest? I'm gonna save
you a whole bunch of time. They both
scored really, really well on the IHS
safety test. Uh, with Tesla getting
highest marks on all three of the tests
and Rivian getting highest marks on two
of the three and second tier in one.
Acceptable is still quite good. Still
much safer than what you would have seen
even a few years ago. The tests keep
getting harder. You can uh go to this
autoblog.com
uh article, see the um crashes
themselves. No time, folks. No time to
play them for you here. Get your
questions in because we've only got a
couple more headlines to get through. Uh
because, you know, it's what I do, man.
It's what I do. Taiwan, uh scooter
capital Taipei to go fully electric. Uh
yeah, fully electric. Wow, that's going
to be so quiet. When I was in Shanghai
25 years ago, when you'd be at a
stoplight and the light would turn green
and these scrum of scooters would
accelerate, it was a cacophony. You
would absolutely remember that sound. I
can hear it in my head right now. It
haunts me to this day. when I was in
Shanghai just last year and it was, you
know, six o'clock in the morning, 7
o'clock in the morning and I'm at a
similar stoplight. The light turns
green. The scooters just go.
So wonderful, so great. It's quieter,
it's better, everybody wins. So, Taipei
is going to make it mandatory.
And the last one, I really like this
one. Simon uh Kustenmcker posted, "I've
been wanting a map like this. Uh here is
the equivalent cost of charging versus
gas. This is based on an ionic 6. This
is what you pay at the pump in your
state based on residential power price.
So if you're charging at home in Texas,
you got a buck 36 a gallon at home with
electricity. Louisiana buck 7.
Washington buck 9. California outrageous
292. Well, that's as much as I pay for
gas in Wyoming. Yeah, well, they're not
in Wyoming. Wyoming is still a buck 14.
Uh 292 is less than gas in California
virtually all the time. There could be
times in places where it dips below 292
less common. Maine 255. Got to sort that
out. Maine, what are you doing? So,
there are uh some good bits of
information on here. And being in
Washington at a buck09, I feel it. My
residential rate is 7.8 cents. It just
went up a little. It's like 7.815 cents
now. Uh so it is still quite low. People
say, "Yeah, but you've got your that's
not your total bill. That's just your
your per kilowatt rate, right? The base
rate that doesn't change. I already pay
that because I have electricity to my
home. I have uh computers and
refrigerator that I that I run. I choose
to, you know, some people say if you're
only going to feed your kids frozen
pizzas, you're a bad parent. And I
agree. Got to at least heat it up, you
guys. It's irresponsible to do
otherwise. So, why don't we go ahead and
take a look at the comments? Uh, thanks
for being here. All the also, I should
mention, what have we got for comments?
Probably Probably good stuff, I wager.
All right. See, you're breaking things
this morning, Brian. Gotta break them.
Gotta break them. Good morning to David.
Good morning to Digital Blade. I saw
that you uh gave some love to one of my
jokes on a James Stevenson post
yesterday. I can't remember which one it
was, but I was like, I recognize that
joke. Oh, it's you. Good morning from
overcast western Oregon. Yes, good to
see you. Uh,
wow. Has something of a lunar eclipse.
Don't get it. Way more problems. gonna
have a hard time scaling that tech. The
Whimo,
what is going on? Just needs more LAR,
you guys. Just just slather that thing
in LAR. I remember back in the day when
Shell was selling gas cards with a
lockedin per gallon cost. I knew that
would never last long, right? Because
when your per gallon cost gets below
that, you just don't use the card. You
just buy gas. When it gets above it,
then you use the card. Ridiculous.
That's I don't know who approved that,
but you know, they were so excited.
They're like, can you believe how many
people are taking us up on this? Yes.
And I'm concerned.
Great thing about Intel selling lower
bin chips is that they're almost
certainly pin out the same. So, there
are opportunities for overclocking if
you wish to set your computer on fire.
That's true. Tesla's most useless
feature for me is now the heated
steering wheel. Heated steer. Wait, you
guys are touching your steering wheels?
That's weird. What's going on with that?
Charging speed is probably the area
where Tesla is left behind. We will see
if people actually care or if others are
sacrificing battery life. So, it's LFP
batteries in China. So, you might be
shortening the life from a million miles
to a half million miles. Still outlives
the car. So, and we don't have any
reason to believe that it is shortening
the lives. They've done the tests. These
are big companies that have a lot on the
line. if they goof it. I don't
necessarily need faster charging. That's
not something I need in my life. And I
do road trips, but I'm also not towing.
I'm also not in a big old Silverado or
Cybert truck towing. Hummer needs faster
charging because uh it's it's got a 28
kWh pack, if not bigger. The battery
weighs more than a Honda Civic. I'm not
saying Tesla needs faster charging. I'm
saying the industry at large does, but
the good news is it's coming. So
hopefully the US uh options will have
better choices in the future. In China,
you can no longer say can't do it.
Charge is too slow. It doesn't fit my
lifestyle. I have no access to charging
at home. I charge in public. I just
don't have the time. I talked with a
taxi driver and I said, "How long does
it take to charge?" He was in some
Chinese discount vehicle. He said, "Oh,
it takes a good, you know, hour to
charge once a day." We're like,
"Really?" He's like, "Yeah, 40 minutes
to an hour." And my buddy Ed said,
"Well, yeah, but they the Chinese car,
you know, a Tesla would charge faster."
He goes, "Nope. Teslas are sitting right
next to me in the same lot." And I said,
"Are they charging like 0 to 100?" And
he asked, "Yeah, of course they are. Of
course they are." He goes, "Well, don't
do that. Just charge what you need and
get back on your day." and he said,
"Yeah, but that's when we take our break
and have lunch together."
Okay, so if you could charge in 3
minutes, it wouldn't change your day at
all. Cuz come on,
charging speed is probably where they're
left behind. I agree. I do think Tesla
needs to step up their game in terms of
charging speed. I do believe people who
don't own EVs yet do want faster
charging. Absolutely. It makes sense,
right? I mean, it's more familiar. It's
closer to what you're used to. Uh, the
batteries are designed for faster
charging. Wonder what the trade-offs
are. It's a fair question. I don't know
if there are trade-offs. The technology
is still improving. It's still maturing,
but I would suspect that the that the
difference is that you do cut it from a
million miles to a half million. Tesla's
on sale. It's the same price today it
was November of 21. It's like having a
time machine. I appreciate your
optimism.
I don't road trip often, but I enjoy the
opportunity to do stretches and walk a
bit during charging stops. What a
difference it makes. On my recent road
trip, I did two separate 11ish, 12-ish
hour runs. From where I live in the
Northwest to Sacramento and from
Sacramento back, and neither one left me
hating life. I listened to music. I had
conversations with Grock. I played
trivia until I broke it. You should play
trivia with Grock. You're going to be
really impressed for the first five or
10 minutes, and by the end of the first
hour, you'll think, "This is terrible.
What
a great demo and lackluster product.
It's only getting better."
But the charging, the opportunity to use
the bathroom for crying out loud.
things. People who have EVs want bigger
range, faster charging, and buttons.
Yeah, but how many buttons? You know, a
Jaguar IPACE has about 30,000 pieces,
parts, rivets, fasteners, belts, uh,
attachments of every sort, while a Model
Y has 10,000. Well, can't we make it
10,000 of one and just add that one
button that I want? Sure. But you and I
want different buttons and that one
button didn't satisfy you and pretty
soon you're back to having uh you know
10 keyboards worth of buttons. So I
don't know uh I don't have a need for a
button. I own uh the the enhance sexy
buttons. I have no use for them. I don't
know what commands I'd like the car to
do that it doesn't already do.
Uh still think Cybertruck is the
ultimate police vehicle. Yeah. Yeah, I
can see that.
Got a few minutes left. If you've got
questions, get them in because we are
wrapping it up. Ridiculous as it is to
us Tesla folks, we do need new EV
buyers. Yeah, we do. at the Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association Ride and
Drive Electric Month uh event yesterday.
The best attended presentation was uh
Carrie did a presentation on used EVs,
what to buy, and it got the biggest
attendance because right now budget
buyers need to stop paying for gas.
They're very excited about the idea of
not paying for gas, even if it takes
faster charging, longer range, and more
buttons. Yes, you already said I already
addressed that. Oh, it jumped. It
jumped. 2019 Model X had 110,000 on it
when I hit a deer and totaled it. I've
driven it over 20 states across Canada.
Bought a 26 Model X to replace it.
Congratulations. Oh, and CarPlay. Yeah,
some people want CarPlay. Uh, I've never
used it, so I I don't know what I'm
missing. How do we tell people what uh
what they think they need is incorrect
without sounding like a jerk? Yeah,
that's the trick. That's the trick. I
just uh I ask people why they need what
they think they need and have them
explain it. Um I don't know. Uh that's a
that's a really good psychological
question. I welcome comments to that uh
to to address that.
I need to sound like one. I tend to
sound like one. Sorry. I tend to sound
Well, yeah. when you're in your area of
expertise and people so far outside of
it. I had a gentleman I was talking with
last year who was saying, "Well, I'm
just waiting for hydrogen." And I was
like, "H, do I even start?" By the way,
this uh July 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, I will
be at the Long View Go forth festival
manning a booth answering your EV
questions. It's going to be a lot of
fun. Join me, won't you? Uh, I don't
understand this map. My cost per
kilowatt is 12 cents. I can drive three
miles for that.
Um, yeah. I I don't I'm assuming they
went with averages, but I don't know.
But why would you But you're not going
three miles. You're going This is
comparing it to an equivalent gas car.
If you're comparing an EV6 to a gas car,
what is your effective cost of gasoline?
I mean, mine is something like six,
seven bucks a tank. But do you know the
robo taxi app dropped for Android
phones? Yes. Very exciting times.
Uh-huh. You're welcome for the uh wisdom
and extensive coverage. Uh you have
quite the deal on power. Western
Washington starts at 13 cents and goes
up. Uh
oh. Western. Do you mean Western
Washington?
I don't know which parts I am in Western
Washington. Uh, unless you mean Western
Australia, I don't know. What are your
thoughts on how to convince Tesla to
begin a formal marketing campaign,
I'd settle for PR? Give us the good
information. Let us get it out. But they
won't. They're uh it's hubris at this
point. I say uh that you have to have a
gas station. Of course, you Yeah, when
you have a gas station, you will fill up
all the way, but when you charge it
home, just have as much as you need.
That's what I say. I leave it full.
Whatever I call full, that's what I'm at
right now. Not just LFP. Many new
vehicles use 800 volt like Cybertruck.
Bring it to the 3 and Y. Yeah, we need
the pickle ball of what to do while
charging. Any ideas? I mean, why not?
Hopscotch. Even that's something. Tesla
arcades. Starling smartphone device.
Let's see. Okay. Eastern. Oh, Eastern
Washington. Really? because my brother's
in Kulie City. It must depend quite a
bit where you are because if you're in
like the areas that were affected by the
hydroelectric dam construction 100 years
ago, your rates are very low. Um, but if
you're in Spokane or if you're south of
Spokane, probably might be quite a bit
different. Uh, does Western Washington
question uh have time of day savings?
So,
where I'm at, there is no time of use.
There is no different modes in my public
utility district. So yeah, Spokane side,
yeah, you guys didn't get any of the
benefits of being downstream of the dam
or being affected directly by the dam.
So yeah, still 12 cents is uh very
competitive. That would make your gas
probably closer to a buck 20 a gallon
while mine is pulled down pulling down
the average quite a bit. Mine's probably
more like 80 85 cents a gallon
equivalent. Guys, thank you so much for
hanging out. I appreciate it. We are at
the 30 minuteish mark, which is close
enough for me. What did I miss? What did
I misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below. And everybody else,
like, subscribe, do what you do. Stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you. Clever robots all upon
that flippity a dippity uh flop. Yeah.