Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why The NEXT German Government Could END The EU
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOR1uiPD9w4
Published:   2026-08-29 20:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This year, so first of all you have to
understand what that means. This is a
small Eastern
East German party kind of. It's the
Bündnis Sahra Wagenknecht. So it carries
the name of that person, Sahra
Wagenknecht.
And she is trying to play some tricks.
This is Björn Höcke, the infamous Björn
Höcke, long story, but he is the
equivalent of Ulrich Siegmund in
Sachsen-Anhalt. He is the guy who's
becoming governor of Thuringia, a
beautiful little state,
the fairy tale state next to Hessen in
the heart of Germany. They had Goethe,
Schiller, very important people. Erfurt,
beautiful beautiful city. One of the
most beautiful states in my opinion. And
this guy is taking over there,
but he is considered the He's considered
the ultimate devil by everyone else,
right? He is the worst AfD person in the
opinion of the mainstream media and the
old parties. And so basically what the
BSW plans to do, let me explain this.
The BSW is now playing around with the
AfD and says, "Look, we might get over
5%, then you need us. Boo, let's do
something here." And then Höcke was
playing this video he's recorded a short
video, very savvy, right away, the same
day, and responded to them and said, "If
you want to play with us, why don't you
play in Thuringia because the BSW could
form actually a government with the
AfD." And of course, the BSW seems to
just be playing games to skew the
election, right? They want to play games
to get more votes to get over the 5%.
That's why they're making all these
dubious offers, and then Höcke called
them out and said, "Okay, if you want to
play games, why don't you play with us
in Thuringia right now? We don't have to
wait for an election. We just Let's form
the government right now. Let's throw
out the CDU guy. You can make it happen.
You have the little swing vote, and you
just vote with us, and we make you" He
offered her to become the governor of
Thuringia. And of course, she didn't do
that. And then now she looks very bad.
So these are little tactics, but you can
see in Germany very interesting
situation with all these different
parties. It's different from the United
States. Imagine you had California a
governor race and you have the
parliament in California in Sacramento
and suddenly the guy from Texas makes
some deals and says, "You know what? We
could
overthrow the government in California
if we two guys form a coalition."
Because the other guy from California of
the party, let's say there's a third
party that isn't Texas and in California
make some, you know, fake news proposal
in Texas and then the Texan third party
says to the colleagues in California,
"Let's just tie together here and
overthrow the California government."
And then they say, "No." And then
everyone knows it was fake news. So,
it's interesting tactics here. These
states and the federal level is much
more connected here with tactics and
strategy. So, this is serious business
for me. It's just interesting to see
that Germany is truly in a political
battle. Because this is very interesting
stuff. There's a lot of energy in this
whole thing. There's a lot of stuff
going on in Germany, which I think is a
good thing for democracy.
So, let's see what happens.
Uh here, the AfD currently in Thuringia
has 32.8%
is the biggest party. The city was a
little stronger than in Saxony-Anhalt.
And the BSW has 15.8%. So, together they
could rule, but they, you know, they
just rejected it. So, that's kind of
what's happening. Let's go to the main
story here. The main story is what would
an AfD like Germany
actually do to the European Union? And I
do think it would break the EU apart.
Whether that's a good thing or a bad
thing, I leave up to you. But, that
would very likely happen. It's a very
big deal. That's what you have to
understand about this whole situation.
If the AfD wins on a federal level, the
next official election in Germany is
2029, but as I laid out before, it is
extremely likely that the Merz
government is getting toppled by itself,
by its incompetence, and the disastrous
realities on the ground in Germany right
now, and the fact that the AfD will
likely become the first will take the
first state in Germany in September,
next week, in 2 weeks, and rule it. That
will lead to new election, a new federal
election, and then the AfD might win.
And here you see Trupalla and Alice
Weidel, the leadership of the AfD, and
we want to talk about their plan. So,
the AfD has a plan for the EU, and they
don't call it dismantlement, they're
call it
basically a reorganization, but it's
pretty much a dismantlement of the
current EU because they criticize the
bureaucracy, the lack of accountability.
You know that Ursula von der Leyen, the
boss of the European Union, is not even
elected. She can't even get kicked out
by the people. It's pretty bad. So, no
one can vote for her, no one can vote
her out, and there's all kinds of
unaccountability that people complain
about in the European Union. The
European Union's leadership also seems
to be very ignorant when it comes to
respecting sovereignty of people,
respecting sovereignty of nations. And
so, people get really angry more and
more. You saw the stuff happening in
Spain and Ceuta, where Denmark and other
countries are now saying, "You know
what? We don't
That's it. We close the Schengen
borders." So, they're starting to
violate more and more these agreements
because they're being forced to, and
that is the beginning of the end if you
don't pay attention. But, the AfD has
actually a plan. So, in the 2025 federal
election program, on two pages, 139 and
140, they propose a transition built
around a common market. So, that's what
Weidel always says. "Of course, we want
a common, no borders economic zone. We
want a common market, free trade in
Europe. We want external border
protection, which the EU doesn't have
right now, which is kind of ridiculous.
There is no European border protection.
Each country has to do it on their own,
and they are getting all kinds of
hurdles thrown in the way by the
Hey, on this channel we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing, like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support,
and let's get back to the video.
And selected strategic cooperation. So,
here becomes much more an alliance or a
federation of European nations, a more
loose situation where each nation is
sovereign and together form a
federation. And with all other powers,
other than border protection, common
market, and select strategic
cooperation, all other powers return to
national governments, back to the
people. If you're German, you should be
in charge of your laws. If you're
Swedish, you should be in charge of your
laws. There shouldn't be an EU official
being able to tell a Swede that they
should do certain things, accept asylum
seekers for example, that Sweden doesn't
want to accept. That is the reality
right now, especially when it comes to
migration, that the EU can dictate who
has to take what. And people don't like
it. They can also dictate whatever, the
size of bananas and things like that,
which might be part of a common market,
but that needs to be decided. The
general gist of it is the FDP wants more
sovereignty to the nations. So, the
program also says,
you know, Russia, they want to be more
neutral towards Russia, less hostile and
saying strategically Europe needs Russia
because obviously Russia has a lot of
energy, lots of resources. It's very
natural for Europe to, or for Germany,
to actually have relations with Russia
and not allow people to interfere with
that. Same with Ukraine, it should be a
neutral relationship to Ukraine.
Uh and when it comes to the United
States,
obviously the AfD sees the US friends.
We know that JD Vance, Marco Rubio, of
course Elon, they like the AfD. But the
AfD is also saying, "You know what,
United States, we are friends,
but we are Germans here, and it should
be a Germany first foreign policy."
Which is like, you know, if you're
American, if you're in America, you say
America first foreign policy, no one is
going to stand up and say, "Are you
nuts?" Everyone is going to say, "Of
course America first." And then they're
going to lie about it and do some things
that you don't like, but at least
they're going to try to lie about it. In
Germany, it's different. Okay? You know
the German history, and a lot of people
in Germany say you can't have Germany
first. We need to first care for other
people. And a lot of allies also
implicitly say, "Well, you should like
serve the United States, you should
serve United Kingdom, not Germany." So
in Germany it's a little bit a new thing
to say, "No, we should, you know, the
people of Germany vote in Germany, and
they work in Germany, and they pay taxes
in Germany, and their government should
take care of them, not of someone else
first." That's very new. That's by the
way why some Germans call them Nazis,
because they said, "That's what the
Nazis said, Germany first." But as you
understand, it was not the defining
element of the Nazis that
they said Germany first. Everyone said
that. It's logical, right? That is not
what made them bad. Other things made
them bad.
So that is
interesting and very unusual.
So you have to understand, when Germany
gets more aggressive with the EU and
says, "No, we have had it." We have to
understand
that Germany represents roughly a
quarter of the entire EU GDP. GDP. There
are 26 countries in the EU, but Germany
is a quarter of the entire thing. And
it's actually more than that in terms of
contributions.
Right? And Alice Weidel said, of course,
uh
lose a federation, open markets, but
also restoring Russian oil and gas
imports because it's absolutely key,
obviously, for the economy. So, that's
actually happening. So, the takeaway
here is
that Germany is seeking, under the AfD,
if the AfD gets into the position to
control the country, much more a very
different and reorganized EU.
And that is only important because we
have to understand two things. Number
one, the AfD is very likely to get in
some sort of power. It's going to be
very interesting to see how this
happens. They will become the biggest
party. They are clearly leading the
polls. The odds that there are new
elections, premature
new elections in 2027, is extremely
high. So, all of these things fall into
place, and then very importantly, why
the AfD is watched so closely and with
suspicion, not just in Germany, but
across Europe, is because they are a
true alternative. It's not about their
program being radical. The concern a lot
of people have about the AfD is that
they might not be sellouts.
They might just do what they say. So,
you have to understand that. What
they're saying is not very radical. The
most radical thing they are probably
saying is about the EU. Everything else
is pretty much in line with the CDU. The
two radical things they are basically
saying that is deviating from the CDU,
the Republicans of Germany, is we want
to reorganize the EU like that. And the
second radical thing is we want peace
with Russia. Everything else is pretty
much the same that they are saying.
Migration,
free markets, deregulation, all that
kind of stuff. But,
why people are so concerned about the
AfD is the way they are structured, the
people who are in the party, their
history implies that they might not, I
say might not, no one knows, but they
might not be sellouts.
Which might which means they might just
do what their program says, and nothing
is more scary than that to the
establishment. It's like the Trump
effect. I mean, now Trump seems to
actually be a sellout. I don't want to
rub any anyone the wrong way, but the
AfD might just do these things, and that
makes them so scary for the other guys.
But, that also makes them very appealing
for all the citizens who say, "Yeah, we
want that actually. We don't want war
with Russia, and we do not want that EU
the way it is." So, very interesting
what's going to happen. Let's watch it
and see what happens. See the full
weekly brief. Go to pioneerlands.org.
Every single week we bring you the
latest in politics and the cutting-edge
developments in the United States and
Europe, so we can follow the crazy
transformations that are happening in
this age of AGI. The matrix is
imploding, and everything is changing.
So, check it out on pioneerlands.org.
You also find two other weekly briefs.
One, stocks and capital markets where we
cover stocks like Tesla, SpaceX, and of
course the markets at a as a whole. And
we also have an AI frontier weekly brief
where you learn about the latest models,
the latest ChatGPT developments,
Anthropic and Claude, Grok, and the
Chinese models, so you are up-to-date
also on technology. See you in
pioneerlands.