Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Let's Get to Space, Chips Chips Chips, and Who's the "Tesla" Company Anyway?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dgrFMq4dhM
Published:   2026-09-18 14:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-19 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? We are officially
live here. Uh we have three weeks to go
before we have the largest Tesla
enthusiast event in the world. We have
Fron, the chief designer from Tesla. We
have the fabulous May Musk who actually
just dropped her book Timeless. I've
been listening to the audio version and
uh just crazy insights there. And we're
going to be um interviewing her on that
book. Um so congrats to her and of
course Nicki Minaj too. We're going to
be talking to her um about um her career
and where she's come and what she's had
to overcome. So with that said, we'll
have a couple of other keynotes. I know
Brian will be hosting a panel on Tesla
investing and the Tesla stock with
several other hitters. Um, and of course
Joe is always helping out behind the
scenes and making things happen and cook
obviously. So with that said, MDR um,
uh, MDR has to update his Insta 360
firmware. He should have done that two
days ago. No, I'm joking. But with that
said, uh, quick shout out to Insta3. And
when he joins, you're going to see his
beautiful face. But we will have finally
a full staff on the link to see. Um, if
you want to look as good as the X ticket
holder, uh, Joe and Brian, obviously, go
check it out. We posted a link. If
you're on YouTube, you can go see that
link. But with that said, um, let's dive
into it and, uh, and then once MDR is
ready, we will add him in. And then let
me, of course, hit the go live on
Instagram. But yeah, with that said,
episode 161, uh, let's get into it. All
right, stockwise, um, stock has
recovered by, um, 2% for Tesla in the
past week. And then SpaceX, it's up
another 3%. So, um, some nice recovery
there. Um, but yeah. All right, Joe,
what's this, man?
Uh,
&gt;&gt; this looks like a could be an upside
down Roadster.
That's unconfirmed, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Not the ideal uh way to orient it for a
demo, but for a graphic, it's fine.
&gt;&gt; You know, I bet they didn't think people
were going to figure that out, but
people figured it out like immediately
&gt;&gt; within it had to be minutes and minutes
only because it took them a second to
flip the darn thing. I would say that
that is uh almost definitely the correct
answer. We don't know what it's going to
be. We don't know what we're going to
see. Excitement guaranteed though. We
know that much. That's in the flight
plan. If there is a flight plan and
there are a lot of haters out there
going, "Look, this isn't going to move
the stock." And we say, "No one said it
would. No one. That was never the
objective." You think that was the
objective. It wasn't. They're going to
It's going to be a flop. There's going
to sell so few. That's the plan. That is
the objective is to not sell very many.
Of course, there won't be three million
of these out there. I hope not. That's
the wrong number. Uh but they will
fulfill their obligation from uh back
when it was released initially unveiled
anyway in 2017. They're going to get the
uh the foundation edition or whatever
they were called to those people, the
regular edition to the people who earned
them for referrals, and then the SpaceX
edition, which may not even be road
legal uh for those who don't. And oh, I
if if they were to use this on the road,
it would scatter dirt and rocks. Look,
Summon doesn't work on roads. Why do you
think this would work on a public road?
That's not what it's for. Certainly.
Have some faith. Relax. We'll all know
in just a couple weeks.
&gt;&gt; You You know what I like about the what
I would like to see with the Tesla Road
series for them to make the exact number
of this one that they made of the
original and no more.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. 23 4 500. That'd be that'd be
that'd be beautiful. That'd be poetic.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I think they should make
as many as rich people would like to
slather money upon us. But either way,
it's good.
&gt;&gt; Elon did say a few years ago this would
be one of the products that they
wouldn't they wouldn't be trying to
maximize volume. So you could you could
see this being a,000 2,000 a year. And
uh it's going to be really interesting
to see what the price point was. You
know, when they initially announced it
nine years ago, I think they said it was
going to be 250k. This now looks like
it's probably going to be a million
dollar plus car, which I think is is
only fair to the the people who've had
their uh their deposits down um for for
nine years and missed out on investing
that money. Also, when it was announced
there was going to be two versions.
There was there was, you know, the
upgraded version and the standard
version. So, uh it'll be interesting to
see if they actually, you know, make one
without the the thrusters, which I think
would probably be a much better seller.
You know, the the thrusters will be
great when you're in a closed road, but
probably uh won't get a ton of use. So,
let's see.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I was saying there could be the
Roadster and the definitely anything but
the Roadster. Uh maybe the Skyster or
the Trackster. Uh but yeah, I had some
clown tell me that, well, if it's over
200,000, it's dead on arrival. It was
always over 200,000 and it's been 10
years of inflation. What are you talking
about? But those are the people who want
to set an impossible goal so that when
it happens, you know, a a a goal that
will definitely happen so that when it
does, they can go, "See, I told you now
it's now my prediction is right. It's
going to fail." Guys, that's not how it
works.
I thought that's how it was. Um, no.
Uh, yeah, I think, you know, you brought
up a good point. Uh we'll see what the
new price is. But yeah, I I agree with
your earliest statement which is this is
not going to be a stock mover. This is
something to really fun to create and
innovate on to collaborate with SpaceX.
I mean we have so many employees already
at Tesla and SpaceX. I mean, a lot of
the engineering, um, you know, they can
always tap into, you know, the SpaceX
side and again, they have several even
VPs that work at both companies. And so,
you get the best of both worlds being
able to work with rocket engineers to
build, you know, the safest vehicles on
the planet. And I can't say I I can't
tell you how much was Tesla versus
SpaceX, but what I'm saying is is that
this is a collaboration of the two. It's
taken almost 10 years. I believe the the
launch officially was 2017 where they
did the semi and the roadster. And so
it's a really cool I think it's if
you've been a fan I think it's everyone
has said that this is just vapor wear.
You know the comments have just been
this is vaporware. It's never going to
happen. And um I think it's just one of
those things where it's a really cool um
opportunity now uh for them to just
showcase, you know, some the really the
impossible in some ways, right? And I
think that if you actually zoom in too,
I think again this is probably like a
flipped over. I think it was the
something that you can see is where are
you going? Um or where are we going is
is what it was. Um, but yeah, either
way, this is just something that's this
is not a like for example like the Model
Y launch like that and then you know
having the showcase when they did that's
a big moment for the company that should
technically help move the stock as like
when you know they start the vehicle
deliveries because that's going to move
volume right same thing with the cyber
cab um and you know we'll get into this
those should be moments where the stock
is moved because and again not saying
I'm an expert but it's like that's going
to drive revenue, that's going to drive,
you know, that's the launch of, you
know, their their fully autonomous mass
production car. Um, but again, it's, you
know, this is something that's just cool
to do. Like, why not, right? Why not
make the fastest production car? Why not
make it fly a little bit? Why not just,
you know, I think that's the thing that
Elon always says, right? Life can't
always be about solving problems. Like,
you have to create some excitement. And
I think for him and them, um, it's
crazy, too. I think you know some people
went even so shout out to Spencer and
David who went to the the location and I
think they had this thing where it looks
like who knows maybe they were testing
inside of it it and again the funny
thing is they're testing in like Waco
Texas you know what I mean like the
middle of nowhere and I know Fremont and
LA have been you know thoughts of like
where they've been probably designing it
but the testing clearly seems to be
happening in Texas and that's ultimately
where they're actually going to build it
too at Giga Texas. So, um I think it's
just an exciting it's an exciting moment
for fans, for car enthusiasts.
Um but yes, it is not a big it's not
going to move the the stock because it's
not it's not meant to be a mass
production car.
All right. So, as we know, Elon is a
very distracted CEO, right? Um the guy
can't focus at all. Um, and you know,
um, as Amy said, the Elon Musk is a
distracted CEO myth didn't survive in
2026. The Tesla's plus SpaceX, um,
specs, the Tesla plus space XAI 2026
scorecard, the cyber rid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Cybercap rides, Optimus
lines, semi volume, Starship V3,
Starship uh Starlink V5, X Money, SpaceX
IPO, Colossus leased to Anthropic and
Google just for starters. And they I
think it was actually um it was in the
all-in podcast that um they were talking
to Gwen about like did you guys ever
think about like you guys being like the
biggest uh data storage people like like
literally being able to have like all of
this compute power that you can like
literally like lease out. And I mean I
think that like no one has any idea like
how much of an unlock that was like hey
let's go build the world's you know
biggest computer fast computer and then
we're not even going to need all of it.
So and then we're also not only going to
build Colossus 2 and three like we're
that's already on the road map I think I
know two is but it's like let's go build
all that out because by the time maybe
some of this gets leased out we're going
to have more to lease out more than
we'll ever need. And now they're
becoming the new Amazon cloud but for
compute which is just just crazy. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; It it it definitely wasn't on my radar.
If you'd have asked me a year ago, look,
my friend thinks this, I'd have said
your friend's crazy. And I still support
that. Your friend is crazy. Different
reasons though. Now, uh, look, we all
complained. And when I say we, I mean no
one on this panel, but somebody
complained. He's the CEO of too many
companies. uh you know X X AI, SpaceX,
uh uh Tesla. Great. You know what? Uh
now it's only three companies. Now it's
just the boring company SpaceX and
Tesla. Aren't you happy? Didn't that
make you happy? No. It made them very
very angry. Uh but that's the reality is
even though the companies were separate
um and a lot of them have consolidated
into one, uh it's still just one big
happy family. And we know that. they see
the crossovers between uh the
installations of the data centers. I'm
not sure if those are Tesla people,
SpaceX people, or both, XAI people, or
both. But the reality is it gets real
blurry around the edges and it doesn't
matter who well who's writing the code
to fix this. You know, are you telling
me that no one from XAI or X has worked
on the Tesla app? I'm going to tell you
that's a little crazy. especially on
robo taxi. There's a lot that goes into
understanding the logistics of ride
share and and flow management that I
don't know if the Tesla programmers have
in-house and they don't need it because
they've got so much brilliance in the
sister companies. Metallergy, I mean, my
gosh, do you want Tesla to reinvent
metallurgy when you've already got the
worldclass metallergists working at
SpaceX? But yeah, he's he's too
distracted. It's also his billionaire
playboy lifestyle with all those
mansions and cars. Uh I'm sorry, did you
say his mansion is a is a is a is a
trailer because uh that's a that's a
little different than the usual.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Elon's trailer park trash
apparently and his streamer down by the
river.
Yeah. No, it's it's been a it's been a
crazy time, man. Like yeah, the haters
are not sleeping well this year. It's
It's tough tough to be a tough to be a
hater this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it's definitely um not not not
surprising. Um you know, as as with
everything, but I think with him, I
think that's one thing is like clearly
so if he's living out of the Airstream,
there's something crazy going on in
Memphis right now. how they're either
building the next Colossus or there's
some other big uh problem where he feels
he needs to like go through Colossus
hell again or whatever you want to call
it. Um but you know for him to kind of
get into that m that kind of like war
zone mentality of like we need to solve
this that definitely means like
something is is going on.
Um but yeah, with that said, uh we kind
of actually mentioned it earlier
earlier. So, shout out to our friend, uh
Laura, right? Uh so CNBC flag Tesla
stock dropped about 6% September 4th
after the invite. It was not live
streamed. Um they um you know, they
didn't really offer any details on the
production, pricing, fleet size, and
Elon didn't even show up. So, of course,
the constant throwing shade. Um, but
really like I think for you guys like
what I think for people who may not you
know watch it as or live in it for us.
What did this moment do you think mean
for Tesla when they launched the
CyberCad ride sharing a couple weeks
back?
&gt;&gt; I'll go first. This was a nothing
burger, John. And you could tell from
everyone who had taken the rides. No,
I'm just kidding. It was amazing. No,
the uh I think it's I think it's just
one of those moments where people said
it wasn't going to happen and it
happened and here we are and and you
could just see every time I I see just
yesterday I think there was a there was
a zuks that had gotten hit in Vegas
because it didn't see the truck or
something. I don't know. Truck didn't
see it or whatever. But you you just I
mean vision just works. And for people
that are saying vision didn't work again
that the haters are really having rough
nights of sleep lately. Like it's all
working. Vision works. FSD works. I use
it every day. You know what I mean? Like
it just it all works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean for I I can definitely
understand the uh the lack of enthusiasm
from the broader market. You know, when
a when a a launch vent is announced, you
expect to have more details than just,
hey, this car is now working. You know,
you expect to hear the production,
planned production numbers, the planned
roll out, when it will be available in
other cities, and none of that
information was there. Um, in general,
you know, Tesla's events uh don't have a
ton of production value. You know, they
might be announcing something truly
amazing, but it's not like the Apple
event where, you know, their their
keynotes are the opposite. They're
extremely boring. They're overpolished.
They are not actually live. They're
pre-recorded. I I think those those
events are terrible. I think the Tesla
events are terrible for the other
reason. You know, you need something in
between. You know, somebody who works um
who works in live events. I've been
working live events for 20 years. What
Tesla needs is a large competent event
planning team. There's essentially one
event planner in the entire company who
who does everything. And event planning
is the most stressful job. Um or one of
the most stressful jobs already. Imagine
if you were an event planner who was
understaffed by probably two orders of
magnitude and you report to Elon Musk.
That's got to be the most probably the
most stressful job in the entire
country. So I feel uh I feel a lot of
empathy for her. Um you know I imagine
she has a lot of things planned that get
cancelled last minute. Like if you
remember the Cybert truck delivery event
that a spotlight set up for Elon to give
his presentation and as soon as he
started his presentation he jumped on
the back of the Cyber Cat or the
Cybertruck and there was no light there
and you know she's just standing there
like what is this guy doing? He's not in
the light. So you know it was it was an
underwhelming event. Um a lot of a
couple of my friends who went to the
event were you know a little a little
underwhelmed you know after traveling
traveling so far. Um, I can see the
Roadster unveil being the opposite, you
know, of what what Jason Calcana says.
It will it will be literally
unbelievable. You know, people watching
it at home will not believe it actually
happened. Um, I can tell you the the the
kind of general response to the cyber
cab is it it isn't uh it isn't a fully
autonomous. It isn't available. It isn't
going to be a thing. It isn't going to
scale. And I think that will be the case
until each person um rides in it. You
know, if you've if you've ever, you
know, for those of you who are outside
of the the Whimo service areas, like up
here in Seattle, we don't have Whimo
yet. Any of my friends who, you know, go
to California and ride in a Whimo are
absolutely blown away and they can't
believe how much better of an experience
it is compared to say an Uber or a taxi.
And it's going to take that in in almost
every market. You know, it's kind of
like Starlink. You know, I have uh I
have some in-laws in in northern Idaho
who have no cell phone reception, no
high-speed internet. You know, they were
using dialup until a couple of years
ago, and then one of their neighbors got
Starlink, and then they got Starlink.
And once people experience it, it just
it just totally blows their mind. They
can't believe how much better it is than
than the existing alternatives. And now
there's not there's not a single person
they know in Northern Idaho who who
doesn't have Starlink. So went from
people not believing they could have
high speeded internet to everybody
having it. It will be the same thing
with cyber cab. No one's going to
believe it's actually autonomous.
They'll think there's some driver
remotely, you know, controlling it uh
until they actually ride in it and then
then we'll see the big shift.
&gt;&gt; The thing for cyber cab event for me was
uh it was great to hear from Eric and
Ashock and the team. Uh, but the to me
the most exciting part was the exploded
view of the cyberc cab where you could
actually see all the bits and pieces in
there, track them and understand what's
going on. Unfortunately, they didn't
invite anybody who knew what they were
looking at. So, I have heard no reports
of what's under the hood. Uh, but I
think that was done on purpose because
some people are too clever for their own
good. I would say uh the thing with
cybercab is it either works or it
doesn't. And we're seeing at least from
what I can see it certainly appears to
work. That doesn't surprise me. That
doesn't surprise anyone on this panel.
We use FSD all day every day. Uh and
you know, if if Cyber Cab is anything
like the FSD that I have, it's going to
be a huge success. I got 1439 this week.
I went out for a drive. I set up my
camera. I hit record. And then we and
then I just I got home two hours later.
I'm like, "Well, that was pointless. It
didn't do anything bad." And I didn't
have anything challenging enough to show
off what it can do. It can do really
impressive things. I was telling John
before the show yesterday, I went out
with a friend of mine who's on Instagram
and does these fun, crazy, silly little
videos. And we parked in the parking
lot. We went out and did a drive. And
when I said, "Go back to gosh, what's
the nearest part of the mall?"
Sportsman's Warehouse. It came back. It
went past Sportsman's Warehouse. I'm
like, "Where are you going?" And it
parked right where we started in the
exact spot where we left from because
the car remembers that's where I kind of
like to park. And we and we were just
like, "You've got to be kidding me.
That's amazing. We pulled up next to
your car." Uh, if that's a preview of
things to come, that's pretty good. You
You guys
&gt;&gt; robot makes good. Yeah, I think uh I
think for people who this is this is
always though, you know, I mean when you
when it's when you don't know, you don't
know. And that's that's the greater
issue here is that the butts and seats
theory is is still is still prominent
facts. You know what I mean? Like people
just really need to try it. And when
they don't try it, you have all these
articles and all these statements and
all these things disavowing what's
actually happening in front of people
like, "I swear the sky is not blue, man.
You guys don't know what you're talking
about. You should look up. You should
look up."
So, here we are.
Yeah, I think it's um Yeah,
jumping into the next slide. Um, so some
of you I think it was a little bit after
this, but we know that um here hold on.
I think
it's it's this is the one this is the
one I wanted to do. We'll go back to
that one. So quick uh robo taxi 247 next
month. As we know, Ashok mentioned on
September 4th that the round of the
clock robo taxi is coming next month.
And he also uh mentioned that the next
tech merges uh FSD V15 against today's
um against, you know, the thing that
they have today. But either way, I think
Roboaxi runs from 6:00 a.m. to 10 right
now. And so to see this roll out is
going to be huge. Um, as you as you were
talking, Joe, not because you were
talking, but I just remembered the story
about how uh Uber was just ordered to
pay $40 million for a person who got
killed and run over because the Uber
driver pulled over in the middle of the
highway, kicked two girls out of the car
who were unfortunately, you know, had
too much to drink and unfortunately one
of the girls was run over. And you know,
when I think of stories like that,
right? And again, because first off,
it's illegal to pull over on the highway
like that, right? And that at least
that's what the report said. Um, but it
just goes to show, right, that's why
that's why we should not be having human
drivers. Like there's it's kind of like
iRoot. At some point, it's not going to
make sense for humans to drive, at least
in these big cities, right? Because
again, there's so many lives that can be
saved. So, I'm looking forward to seeing
how this rolls out. And again, because I
think the worst case is when you think
about getting someone home safely and
when you think about getting um uh
someone home safely and when you think
about, you know, just safety for family
members, females, like um if if the
cyber cab someone throws up, what are
they going to do? They just go out of
service for a couple hours, get cleaned
up, and again, these vehicles are meant
to have, you know, to be thrashed and,
you know, from wear and tear, not to be
like go in and take a knife and stab it,
right? But, um, it's just one of those
things where I'm looking forward to
that. I know V15 is is around the
corner. Um, and so is um, you know, 247
service along with the V15, but sorry,
that was my rant. any any thoughts on
this on 24/7 robbotoxy?
&gt;&gt; I think you're absolutely on the money.
&gt;&gt; Same. Yeah, I would I would agree
wholeheartedly. It it just there's so
there's so many reports like that in in
uh Yeah, it's an unfortunate incident,
especially since the other Uber riders
had complained about that particular
driver before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it too. That's the
problem. That's where they're held
liable. And then Uber, of course, is
trying to say, "Oh, you know, we we like
they want them to be contractors when it
when it benefits them, but then they
don't want to pay." I don't know. It's
just it's some weird stuff there. But
with that said, it's like that just
reminds you of the the important need
for um for uh yeah, just the important
need for fully autonomous vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Uh Brian, did you watch the movie yet?
&gt;&gt; I Robot, sir. Oh, Iroot. Yeah, of course
I've seen I Robot. I was I was like the
movie.
No. Uh I Robot is uh It's funny how some
of these movies we watched 10 20 years
ago were 100% science fiction and times
changed so much. If you ever watch the
movie Eagle Eye with Julianne Moore in
in everyone's phone, that was such a
twist when we found out she was AI. I
put that movie on for my kids and we the
by the second phone call they're like
what is that chat GPT? Is that Siri? I'm
like
I mean yes but supposed to wait an hour
to figure it out. There was no Siri.
Siri was born I think months after the
movie came out or maybe months before
but it was right around the same time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah that that movie her and all that
kind of stuff came out around that time
too. And also too, the problem is Siri
never grew up, stayed the same since
since the day it came out.
&gt;&gt; It really, it really has. I have a
Google Home Assistant and it is
definitely not better than when I got it
and in many ways it's worse. Some of the
games that it came with early on, the
kids would play and within months they
were broken and they just never fixed
them. And uh and then some sometimes
you'd give it a command and it would
just do something else. Like my son
likes to listen to the sound of a
fireplace at night. And one night he's
cuddled up and we say, "Play the sound
of a fireplace." Same thing we say every
night. And it goes, "Sure thing. There's
a fireplace store three miles from here,
but they're already clo." I'm like,
"What the are you doing?" So
anyway.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, did you want to say something?
&gt;&gt; No. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Um, yeah. So, and then I think
another another major thing too is that
um is that um FSD uh unsupervised or
unsupervised has now hit a million miles
for robo taxi. So, super super cool. Um
and uh happy to see this. But
ultimately, this is what is going to
allow for them to roll out into more
cities. And I do love how, you know,
they're in Texas, they're in Florida
now. Hopefully they can open up a a
couple more major cities, especially in
some of the maybe the colder climates,
but we'll see what happens for the roll
out this later this year. There's it's
so funny how how detached from reality
uh Facebook is, but there was there was
some post like, I don't understand why
why a two-seater taxi makes any sense.
Could somebody please explain to me? And
they were serious when they posted that.
And everybody had to explain to him that
like 80%
of rides are two people or less. And and
not only that, but you also have the
option of the the Model Y as a robo
taxi. So you don't have to only get the
two-seater, but it was Yeah, it's a
different world over there.
Why Why would you Look, um I I've had
people say the same thing. Well, Uber's
going to clean up the market. Whimo is
going to clean up the market because
they have four and five seats. And I
say, "Great, but what if that's all they
have? What if for some reason they don't
bring Model Y's to your market? Uh, what
do you can you compete with just the
three plus rider market?" And I'd say
no. And when Zuk's expanded to the
airport in Las Vegas, fantastic. That's
great news. People, I had someone tell
me, "Well, that's perfect because it's
the perfect airport shuttle." It is not.
If you put more than two people in it,
you can't put their luggage. There's no
trunk. There's no frunk. It's just on
your laps. And if you jam four people in
that little box with four people's worth
of luggage, my friend, you are going to
have a very unpleasant ride,
100%.
With that said, um SpaceX, this is
something again, uh shout out to our
friends over at T-Mobile, and I'm
surprising that they've had some of
these comments where they they don't see
Starlink Mobile as a threat. Um but, uh
T-Mobile actually was the very first
company to get access to, you know,
really like um satellite service for
their customers in these super remote
areas. But uh with that said, you know,
the FCC has officially granted SpaceX
approval to provide international
telecommunication services needed to
support Starlink Mobile. Um like I said,
we'll see. You know, I I I think at this
point they could become like some of
these um other companies that, you know,
don't because I think Elon doesn't want
to make a phone. He he stated that. Who
knows if they end up doing it. Um, this
is not like one of those motorcycle
questions where he will never make one.
Who knows, maybe he'll his hand will be
forced. But with that said, um, this
will be really interesting to see, you
know, what the pricing is, you know, how
many gigs you get of usage. But what I
can tell you is, and we'll see how the
speeds are because I think that will
always be the thing is you'll get you'll
get service everywhere, but you may not
get the fastest speed. So again, just
depends on your needs. Um but they this
has now opened up a huge possibility for
people who live outside of these major
cities, right? Like huge parts of Texas,
you know, uh Colorado if you're out in
remote where all you need is an open sky
and you will have service. And even if
it doesn't h you don't have an open sky,
it should still work. Obviously, they're
going to create some situations where it
can still go through buildings and
stuff, but this will be a service that
you will have wherever you go. If you're
in the Amazon, obviously if the trees
are blocking the service, maybe not, but
like um it is really cool to see this.
But do you guys have any thoughts on
this?
&gt;&gt; I was thinking about buying a telescope,
John. What about me? How come the rest
of the world gets to be connected to the
internet when I might buy a telescope
and am too dumb to understand that it's
not going to ruin my view of the night
sky? Look, uh I can appreciate that
amateur uh astronomers exist. They are a
very small group of people, but they're
very passionate. There's software that
will remove satellites from your
photographs. It already exists. It's
free and you can get it. There's even
choices. And anyone in that world
already knows this. And uh satellites
have always been an issue, at least in
all of our lifetimes. Uh so this is not
something new. It's just more common.
And if that's the price we have to pay
to permit billions to be connected to
the world that we take for granted, so
be it. I've seen people say, "Well, it's
should they even be connected? Maybe it
makes their lives worse." That's not a
decision for you to make. Let them make
that. Let humans sort their own destiny.
And a guy said, "Billions, come on."
Look it up. There's over a billion
people in the world who do not have
access to the internet. That's the
nature of the developing world. So, uh,
let's, uh, you know, do it. Let's let
this impossible crazy idea play out.
And, uh, for what it's worth, it's no
longer going to be a 100,000, uh,
constellation. The constellation was
designed to be 150,000, but that was
before they got all the Echoar bandwidth
and before they designed the version
three satellite that they're going to be
deploying in about a week. With that,
you can get by with realistically
probably 14,000 satellites would cover
the population of the globe. So,
congratulations. Your faith in something
you had no power to stop actually worked
out for the best. And everybody gets to
win with fewer satellites in total,
better coverage overall, and lower
prices. This is a victory.
Yeah, it's um like I said, it's it's in
the same way when you think of uh the
Starlink service, which is going to be
crazy. It's going to become the gold
standard for every
um transport in the air. So, if you're
in the air, you're going to be using it.
whether you're at NASA, whether you're
at um you know, you're using United
Airlines, like it is just going to
become like outside of probably China,
which you know, maybe where it would be
one place, you know, that's blocked. Um
but outside of that, it's going to
become the gold standard. Now, this,
like I said, if I can get service
wherever I'm at, there's no spots, you
know, that I I can't guarant be
guaranteed service. this is going to
become a gold standard or or it's going
to become a backup because like for
example I have a Starlink on top of my
car right now if you tell me that I can
pay the same amount but my phone can
become a hot spot maybe I'm using that
again it kind of depends but I do
already have a backup service on my
truck all the time now that I'm paying
monthly for. So there are people um who
could use it for you know as a backup as
well.
All right, Joe, do you want to hit this
one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was a really cool uh
interview, but
this was one of those things that, man,
Elon's really getting good about not
spilling the beans lately. But uh but
the but the all-in uh summit was a
really good showcase of him just being
real about what he thinks should happen,
his plans for what he thinks should
happen and and he was just really
forthcoming with a lot of information,
but uh he he beatated around the bush
about the the merger, but you could tell
like it's just like one of those things.
It's like duh, it's inevitable. But he
can't say that, right? But you can you
can tell that it's just like the
writing's on the wall. But um
the the talk about AI in general and
grading each other's homework and all
that type of stuff and and the the
doomsday that everybody is predicting
around AI is was a was a really good
conversation. I think
&gt;&gt; my real problem with the debate is that
on one side you have people like Elon
and Altman and others who maybe you
don't like them uh but they understand
the industry, they understand the
technology and on the other side you
have your crazy uncle who didn't finish
high school and we should guys we should
just hear them both out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I had a really strong conversation
yesterday with with someone who was like
a crazy uncle and it was it was tough
conversation.
It's a rough conversation. But the the
good thing is is that
if the things that are unknown are the
problem, the things that we're aware of
as a problem
are usually fixable. You know what I
mean? Like if we can see the problem,
then we can fix a problem. I think it's
the unknowns that are are what people
should really be concerned about. The
stuff that you can see that you already
know is not not that big of a deal or as
a big of a deal.
&gt;&gt; Were you going to say something uh uh
Brian or or Matthew?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it's it's only it's it's
only a matter of time before there is
going to be an offer from uh SpaceX for
Tesla. you know, um this week Ron Baron
was was talking about it and you know,
he thinks the companies can accomplish a
lot separately. Um but he'll support
he'll support a merger if that's what
Elon wants. And uh it is it is true with
most kind of big conglomerates that the
companies are worth more as individual
pieces versus combined. So, uh, you
know, we you'll get a better multiple as
as an investor with two separate
companies most likely, but maybe you'll
be able to accomplish more or move
slightly faster if you're combined. I
don't know if there's any um kind of
stalls of uh working together as
separate companies. Now, it will be
interesting to see if there are other
biders for Tesla. you know, if SpaceX
does not offer a premium or very big
premium for Tesla, why wouldn't somebody
like Alphabet, you know, make a bid for
Tesla? You know, Alphabet are already
um, you know, investing heavily
obviously in Whimo. They also have
investments in in SpaceX um themselves.
But if if the Alphabet leadership are
think there's any chance that Cyber Cab
completely dominates the robo taxi
market, it would be almost foolish for
them not to make a bid for Tesla. Even
if they think it won't be accepted, it
will at least drive up the price, you
know, that their competitor uh has to
pay for a company. You know, maybe
Amazon makes a bid for Tesla. You know,
they they're heavily invested in Zuks.
Again, that product is is an amazing
experience. Um, any of us who have used
it, uh, love it. You know, I'll be using
it in Vegas next month and it's it's
just a phenomenal service, but it's not
a scalable service by any means. I don't
I don't even think they know how they
could scale it. Um, they they have the,
you know, the market cap, both them,
Google, even Apple, where they could do
an all stock bid for for Tesla and
create a create a bidding war knowing
Elon is going to outbid out bid them for
his own business. Um, but it doesn't it
doesn't hurt any of those companies to
make an offer for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; That's something I never even thought
of. And that's actually a pretty
exciting prospect.
&gt;&gt; Freaking brilliant.
&gt;&gt; Good value for Tesla investors.
&gt;&gt; You get Matthew. Well, well, Matthew,
from from your standpoint, you're a
longtime investor. What do you what do
you envision? What would you like to
see?
&gt;&gt; Well, so I mean the the point of
investing is to make a return on your
money. That's the point of investing.
The point of investing is not to like
show your support in a team, right? So
you your goal as an investor should be
able to get the highest return at the
lowest risk in the shortest amount of
time. Um I work I work in M&amp;A. I you
know I sell businesses. The only way to
maximize the return you get or the price
you get for a business is to create a
competitive bidding situation. So as a
Tesla shareholder, you want a
competitive process. you want to field
offers from multiple companies. If you
don't, then you you either have to not
sell or accept um the lowest the lowest
offer you get regardless of what it is.
You know, there's I I see a lot of
people posting this idea of a merger of
equals um where there's no premium paid
to either company. It's like that's not
a as a Tesla shareholder, that's not an
offer I would accept. Um, you know, it
the the offer for me to accept would
need to be at least probably 30 40%
higher than the all-time high price. You
know, I wouldn't I wouldn't sell my
Tesla shares for $500 a share. Tesla's
reached that point several times and I
haven't sold a single share. So, why
would I sell a single share now? You
know, if if the offer was, you know,
700, 750, even 650, sure, I'd be I'd be
interested at that price. Um, on the
other hand, if you're a SpaceX
shareholder, I'm a SpaceX shareholder as
well, but I probably, you know, own an
order of magnitude larger investment in
Tesla than SpaceX, but if you're if the
majority of your investment or you've
more investment in SpaceX rather than
Tesla, you want Tesla to sell at the
lowest price possible. You want zero
premium. So, um, you know, think, you
know, when you when you see people
arguing for, uh, a merger of equals, you
should ask ask them like, okay, well, do
you own do you have more dollars
invested in SpaceX or Tesla? And if
their answer is Tesla, then it's a silly
argument. If their answer is SpaceX,
it's like, okay, now I understand, you
know, where you're coming from. But
yeah, I would love to see Google make an
offer um and kind of force SpaceX hand
of of making a competitive offer. You
know, three years ago, there's not a
single person um who's invested in Tesla
who would have accepted acquiring SpaceX
um at a 5050 split of the new company.
There's not there's not one. Why why has
that changed now? Why is SpaceX four
times more valuable than it was two
years ago or 10 times more valuable than
it was three years ago, but Tesla is
just as valuable? I don't think that is
uh equitable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, fair point.
&gt;&gt; Said, Matthew,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I got to tell you, I'm also investing
incorrectly because I just love the
company and my friends.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's well, it's a bit of
both, right? Elon talks. Um I I think
that there's obviously the investment
side which um obvious you know Matthew's
living in the M&amp;A side which is like max
returns you know um and he explained all
of that versus you know Elon's kind of
mentality is like just become an expert
in the space like when you look at the
stuff that Tesla's doing their
competitive advantage like that is
something you would want to invest in
because that is their competitive
advantage which is having Elon
engineering at a rate that that people
can't even keep up with leading in the
industry cuz I think if you Think of the
Model Y today, right? Like eight uh what
is it 7 8 years ago or maybe it wasn't
that long? Seven years ago when they
released the Y. It was a great product
then and eventually became the
bestselling car in the world. But what
is helping it lead now? Something that
they have um you know it something that
they have uh the software that they've
worked out which is full self-driving.
And that's what it's already a great car
but now it's still five times better
than anything you can get. not only
because it's safe, because it works
well, low maintenance, all of those
reason, it's an electric vehicle, but it
drives you. So that that jump, even if
companies could make something that was
as good as the Y, they can't anymore
because the the the the decision to buy
a Model Y is five times greater. And
again, I'm just kind of throwing out a
random number there. Um because you're
going to want something that drives you,
right? And again, it's different if I
have to go buy a Yukon Denali because I
got, you know, all these kids. I got to
take, you know, I need an eight-seater.
Um, because Tesla doesn't really offer
that. But it's it's different when
you're thinking of a commuter when
you're thinking of a car that you're
going to be driving every single day or
even just a great family car again that
you know, five and maybe six people. uh
especially with the Y there it's just a
no-brainer like why you know everyone's
going to be adjusting to this technology
just because it makes sense not even
because um you know yeah I just think
over time it's just it's going to be a
no-brainer.
All right, I think we already hit this
one.
Um oh and I think just re-echoing what
Matthew said specifically here. Um,
yeah. And I think there's some some
noise, Matthew, from yours. That's why
uh here, let's see. I think when you
stop it. Yeah, I don't know why there's
some noise there. But either way, uh,
one of the things I wanted to echo what
Matthew was saying was the fact that Ron
said, "You're the guy. Whatever you
decide is better is what I'm going to
support." And that's what Ron Baron said
about Elon. And so, I think it's
exciting. We'll see what happens uh with
that. Um, and uh, we'll go from there.
All right, Joe, you want to take this
one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so FSD and Grock, I mean,
that's pretty awesome. I mean, Brian
gave a really good example of how he was
using it earlier. The there was a
there was a guy I I was I was uh I was
charging the other day and and it was a
veteran and he was with his daughter and
he didn't have any hands and and he had
pulled up to the to the uh to the
supercharger where I was. And you just
realize that you're given so much
freedom to to people like that with FSD
and and with Grock and being able to
navigate and do all these things like
having your very own robo taxi like like
daily and it's just watching it develop
over time. I mean, first I mean, Matthew
knows I mean we're early investors, but
it was just about having an electric
vehicle. Then it could drive itself. And
now you've added Grock into the mix and
it's just like
you couldn't have saw none of this.
Nobody saw any of this. This is just
this is an awesome time.
Yeah, this is a fun one. Let's uh let's
take Tesla's name and uh we'll find out.
test and SpaceX take terab trademark
fight to federal court. Uh that should
be a fun one. Um
sue. Yeah, they sue a small Illinois
firm after cease and desist orders.
Yeah, that alone like that's gonna that
could put this small
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this could put the uh
&gt;&gt; this could put them under just in legal
fees.
&gt;&gt; It's over, guys. We had a good run.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, this is this is typical
typical way to negotiate a settlement.
You know, someone owns a trademark
&gt;&gt; and they're minuscule. Tesla can use it.
They sent, you know, the company sends
them to cease and desist. Tesla has to
respond, right? Tesla has no no choice
but to uh to respond. They escalated
straight to suing them. There'll be some
settlement. Tesla will give them a
little bit of money. They'll take the
money and give up the name. It's it's
not going to be meaningful for Tesla.
It's gonna be great for for these guys.
And you know, frankly, you know, good
for them. It's good thing they get their
they get a little value out of this
name. You know, I feel sorry for people
who who don't. Like if you remember when
uh Twitter became X, the guy who had the
X handle, they just took his handle away
and you know, they could have done
something nice for him. Um but, you
know, it wouldn't have cost them much
and would have saved them a little face.
So, there'll be a little money paid here
and you know, good for that company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm really old, so I remember when
people were buying up domain names for
companies and and selling them back in
the day when the internet was fresh.
If anybody wants to buy a domain name, I
have a uh a threeletter domain name word
that um is open for offers. So, if
anyone's looking for a threeletter word,
&gt;&gt; is it MDR?
&gt;&gt; It's not MD. No, it's an actual word.
It's a It's you know a consonant a vowel
a consonant.com. Um so hit me up if
you're look if you got
&gt;&gt; and it's got the Twitter handle and
stuff too but if anyone's looking for a
domain hit me up.
&gt;&gt; Um but with that said I think actually I
forgot to to post it. I think it's like
I think September 22nd or did that day
get pushed? Um or it's I think it's
&gt;&gt; last I heard it was pushed. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because now it's going to be real close
to the takeover.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I just, you know, of
course called Elon. I was like, "Hey,
man. Can just just keep uh pushing this
date uh flight. Um let me see if I can
get this real time." But um yeah. Yeah,
it's okay. September 28th. So, it's been
pushed out, I think, a couple of times
now. Um who knows? Who knows? Maybe it's
the week leading into it. But can you
imagine they watch these guys are going
to drop this the Starship flight on
Friday, the the day before the event and
you're going to have people coming out
from Starface the day before.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, well, you know what's cool
about this is that he had he said during
uh during all-in summit that they could
have caught this and this is just
another test just to make sure that they
would have caught it. And so when the 15
comes out, they're just going to catch
it. the booster or the or the starship?
&gt;&gt; The starship.
&gt;&gt; They said though they said all the
calculations that they ran looks like
they could have actually caught it and
so they're going to run this this next
one and not catch it but just to make
sure that they actually could and then
the 15 they're going to catch it two
&gt;&gt; I if you'd have told me that they were
going to do a soft splashdown without
exploding or falling apart and sinking
I'd have said no. Uh that would have
been long odds on that bet for sure. And
now it's uh being pulled back into into
the US waters as we speak. This is
genuinely insane. The amount of data
they're going to be able to gather from
an intact ship is uh substantially
greater than they were even hoping for.
Uh so we're going to get uh big
improvements quickly. And if you wanted
Christmas early, you could have gone to
Christmas Island to uh to watch it or
wherever. I think it was like Christmas
something. But uh with that said, Joe,
what is the upbeat? Man,
&gt;&gt; the upbeat is our rapid news segment.
I've upgraded some things.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good. Well, let's put Brian. All
right. Star Star Starlink and Southwest.
&gt;&gt; Crazy, right? So, uh, Ryan Air said,
"We're not going to put, uh, Starlink on
our planes because our brand is
terrible." And that's true, but everyone
else is putting it on. Just the other
day, someone showed a picture of the
plane they were boarding yesterday, I
think. And the giant lump in the back
for their satellite system looks like it
induces an amount of drag that alone
would make it untenable. Starlink works
everywhere you go on the flights. It
just works. Now, if you're flying over
India, as I have, it doesn't work. It's
not approved in India yet, but it will
be soon. That's a big chunk of the
world's geography. If you're on a plane
and it has Starlink, what you have is
just the internet. And because it's so
cheap, I think I've been on one flight
ever where they wanted to charge you for
Starlink and it was like $10 for a 5
hour flight. That's a bargain. All the
other flights I've been on, they're
like, "Well, just join our rewards
program and you're in." Uh because
that's how much internet they give you.
Southwest made the right decision. They
are going to suck a little bit less,
which is which is fantastic.
Yeah, I know. Southwest is especially
too they they kind of um they they've
gone kind of gone down a hill, but
they've be pretty much become like every
other um you know uh what is airliner?
All right. Um Matthew,
&gt;&gt; not a paid uh product placement or
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I'm not being paid by
United. Um all right. Tesla versus Whimo
sensor bet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So we we've seen the same argument
from various executives at Whimo over
the last couple years. They they truly
believe in their technology. They they
believe you need multiple sensors to be
able to operate a robo taxi. If you've
been building robo taxi or autonomous
technology for a decade and the only way
you figured out how to do it is with
multiple sensors, I totally understand
their point. You know, it's kind of like
you have to believe in what you're
building. Um, I had a I had a friend who
who got a job at Cruz uh a few years ago
be you know obviously before it shut
down and his first two weeks of
onboarding there was like multiple days
just spent teaching these people why you
could not accomplish fully autonomy with
just cameras. And so he you know my
friend he owned a Tesla. He had he had
um FSD. It was a legacy Model S. So back
then you know FSD wasn't incredible. Um,
but after his training, he was totally
on board and totally agreed that you
needed multiple sensors. So, you know, I
don't I don't fault them for thinking
that. They have proven to themselves
they can't solve it with cameras only.
So, of course, they they think that way.
You know, Tesla has proven them to
themselves. They've solved it with
cameras only. So, of course, they think
you don't need multiple sensors. Uh, I
tend to agree with Tesla. um until I see
a robo taxi pull up to my house and take
me to work,
you know, I don't know 100% if that's
right. And um at the same time, a
Whimo's never come to my house to pick
me up either. So, uh you know, until
autonomous vehicles are scaled, are
everywhere and work perfectly, none of
us really know. I think I think most
people working in AI now believe that um
sensor fusion is uh is a negative and
you and you can solve it with just
cameras. We'll we'll find out in a
couple years. But you know if Whimo is
wrong maybe, like I said, maybe Alphabet
should make a bid for Tesla. One thing I
wanted to say on that is uh I had a
comment from a guy who said my uncle or
cousin or whatever works at Whimo and he
said he would never ride in a robo taxi
because it's too unsafe, a Tesla robo
taxi because camera only is unsafe. And
I said that's great, but your uncle uh
doesn't know what he doesn't know. Never
ask a barber if you need a haircut. Of
course you need light. I know cuz that's
what we sell. When I talk to Tesla
people, Tesla engineers, people who work
on the project, I've yet to meet one of
them who won't enthusiastically ride in
a Tesla product. So, the fact that you
won't ride in your competitor doesn't
make you smart, especially if your
competitors are delighted to ride in
their own product. That to me is the
higher bar. If you've got someone who
won't ride in their own product, that's
scary. Neither company has that. Uh, so
Teslas are not inherently dangerous.
Your uncle is just a stubborn idiot.
&gt;&gt; Facts. All right, Joe. Volkswagen
unveils new EV concept.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, if uh if you've been
under a rock, there's these great
suitcases or vehicles that uh Volkswagen
is uh is making. I I don't know, man.
Like I don't know.
Yeah, this literally looks like a cyber
cab after concept.
&gt;&gt; It looks like a cyber cab and a Hyundai
combined.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't Either way, I I feel like
for them it's too late like at this
point, you know what I mean? Like, sure,
will they be able to survive and come
out with a couple cars? Of course. But
they're Yeah, it's it's it's too far
gone.
&gt;&gt; Can we build an amazing EV? Yes. Will
we?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian. Starling V3 first
revenue payload. Starship flight 14 uh
had its first revenue.
&gt;&gt; If you look at the uh at the flight
profile for the previous flight, it was
suborbital. That proves they don't have
what it takes to get to space. The
amount of thrust it would have required
to get to space was an additional 2
seconds. 2 seconds. That's how short of
full orbit they were. So this time, uh,
the only reason they didn't go to orbit
is because they wanted to make sure they
could come back if something didn't fire
up correctly. They've done it so many
times, they know it'll fire up
correctly. This time, we're going to put
in those extra two seconds and we're
going to deploy the first version three
uh satellites. These this what is it 26
of them will provide uh the equivalent
of uh five 10 times more Starlink. It is
uh satellites. It is so much more
powerful. It's about twice the size, but
it's about 10 times the capacity per
satellite. So, this is a real payload to
orbit. The customer is, of course,
themselves. That's where you go when no
one else wants to hire you. This is the
beginning of the new age of the version
3 satellites, and it's uh a huge deal
because it's going to save so much
money. It's going to add more profit.
It's going to allow it to open up in
more markets where otherwise it would
have been cost prohibitive. And if
you're a SpaceX investor, this is
something you should be excited about.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. All right, Matthew. Tesla
brings cyber cab to China but rules out
sale of uh sale and robo taxi service.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's you know Tesla has always had
you know restrictions on data they can
collect and where cameras can be used
and where that information is safe. So,
um, you know, it's it's no surprise the
cyber cab is not going to China at this
time. It it could be several years from
now. That might change. Um, it will be
interesting to see if Tesla eventually
starts building cyber cabs in China for
like the APAC market or maybe even the
European market or or frankly the
Canadian market if we can't export
export these to Canada anymore. Uh, so
yeah, not not surprising. you know, at
the same time, you know, Chinese have a
lot of trouble selling their vehicles in
the US using their phones, um, you know,
in western markets. So, it's it's, you
know, fair is fair. I personally think,
you know, free market is great and we
should open up as much trade as possible
internationally. We should, you know,
remove any um, obstacles like tariffs
and things like that for international
trade. Um, but this is just the way the
cost of doing business in China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It is a whole thing going
there. All right, Joe. Tesla reaches
460,000 kilometers FSD supervised
testing in Spain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they are running with the bulls
&gt;&gt; literally.
Yeah. No. Uh, yeah. No, it's pretty
awesome. They are they are testing in
Spain and they have got a lot of
kilometers under the belt. So, it's
pretty awesome. And
you you
sometimes I forget what markets, you
know, Tesla's not even in yet. And you
just take it for granted because, you
know, you're using FSD every day and
there's people that don't have it. And
and it's a stark reminder because you
see a lot of drunk driving incidents
like over this past week that it's like
insane and you really realize like man
there's so many people that could use
this technology and they're just not
getting it yet and regulators and
politics aside, you know, I mean lives
should be first. So it's good to see
that they're getting the testing done. I
just wanted to say one thing about the
testing is they've already got the clear
weather part of it sorted out. So to
train in Spain, they remain mainly in
the rain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. All right, guys. What is
happening?
&gt;&gt; What is happening? Oh, man. That that's
a crazy when you write it out like that.
Minaj Musk and Von Holleshousen. And
again, I could be saying uh Franza's
name not right. Um, but with that said,
uh, 22 days, um, yeah, 22 days, uh, from
the most historic takeover ever. So,
Austin, Texas, um, Giga Giga Texas,
specifically 1010. We will hope to see
you there. If you want some merch, I
would say order it in the next week. Um
otherwise Joe will be having some um
exclusive merch at the actual event as
well um that you will only be able to
get that day. Um and so you know we're
hoping to sell all all of it out. Um but
yeah, with that said, quick shout out to
Site View AI and of course everyone in
this fam here is using a link to see. Um
and we hope to see you all next week.
Make sure you give Matthew Dr. our
futurazza and uh don't give Joe a
follow, but um give everyone a follow,
give everyone patronize them, and we
will catch you guys all on the next
episode.