Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Don't PANIC - Stock Market Potential Sell OFF And What I'm Doing!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE0O1iV-g_8
Published:   2026-04-06 00:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 04:55 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For 3 days now, the stock market has
been closed. And over those three days,
the headlines have been insane. The
market has not had a chance to react or
price in any of those headlines. So,
tonight as the market opens and tomorrow
morning when the full market opens, it
might get a bit wild. So, we're going to
talk about how to position, what I'm
doing, what am I going to think about
managing my trades, how do I plan on
doing it, and we're also going to talk
Tesla because does Tesla have a problem?
Is there a delivery issue? Is there a
FSD issue? Optimus delayed? What's the
truth? What am I doing? How am I
thinking through this? Let's get into
it.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
All right, happy Easter for everybody
who celebrates. I hope you're having a
good day with your family. What uh if
you celebrate or don't celebrate, hope
you have time to rest and relax and be
with the ones that you love. Um there's
lots of craziness out there, but we're
going to start off today with some good
news. So, first of all, we know that we
had a downed pilot of F-15E uh over uh
enemy territory in Iran. And early
today, we found out that there is a
incredibly dangerous mission to go and
rescue the individual, the pilot. And it
was successful. Not only was it
successful, but nobody was harmed during
this time, at least none of our people.
And everyone's back safe. So very happy
for him, very happy for his team, happy
for his family, and hopefully um this is
uh going to be as crazy as it gets, but
unfortunately now we got to talk about
some more of the tensions that are going
to come up and start rising. And as much
as I don't want to talk too much about
the the war or politics or all that, the
truth is it affects the markets. So I
can't not cover it. So we need to be uh
intellectually honest ourselves and all
this impacts it. So we have to have this
market awareness. Net market awareness
includes these geopolitical events
because right now they are what's moving
the market. Back on April 4th, okay? Or
I guess a day ago, the president posted
the following. Remember when I gave Iran
10 days to make a deal or open up the
horm straight time is running out 48
hours before all hell will rain down on
them. Glory be to God, President Donald
Trump. Okay, so he posted that on the
4th. Then today, uh, I was at the gym
and I see the following. Tuesday will be
power plant day and bridge day all
wrapped up in one in Iran. There will be
nothing like it. Open the effing
straight, you crazy bastards, or you'll
be living in hell. So, he is escalating
for sure, trying to push the narrative.
But, let's kind of look at all the stuff
that came out, right? Let's just go
through a deluge of it. So here we have
from investing.com Fox says Trump says
Mulling taking over oil if no Iran deal.
Uh Trump says he could he could get a
deal with Iran by tomorrow meaning
Monday. And then also says Trump says
negotiators for Iran granted amnesty for
now. And then finally Trump moles
blowing everything up if no Iran deal
fast. Then we got Kowi here. Kowi has
breaking. Trump says he can get a deal
with Iran by Monday and that Iran is
negotiating now. Okay, so maybe that's
some good news. And then we have the
president post again uh this past
afternoon saying Tuesday 8:00 p.m.
Eastern time making it abundantly clear.
And then finally, we saw this one from
Zero Hedge. Trump says don't think
troops on ground needed right now. Trump
says whole country is gone if Iran makes
no deal by ABC. So, okay, that was a lot
of stuff that we just went through.
Okay, so what's happening here? Well,
the truth is negotiations are happening
and the attempt to enforce maximum
leverage on whoever is actually
negotiating the behalf of the Iranian
people or really the regime because I
don't it doesn't seem like the regime is
doing anything on behalf of the people.
At least that's the perception that we
we see on our end. But what does this
mean from a market perspective? Well,
there's two ways to look at it. And I,
you know, look, I like to look at the
glass half full, not half empty. So,
you're going to hear me give you more of
an optimistic look on this because
what's the point of not looking for the
silver lining? So, what's the silver
lining if there is one? Well, right now,
the silver lining is we are getting to
hopefully peak tension of this conflict.
Right now, the ball keeps moving on that
peak tension and all we can do is
analyze the data that's before us. So
that's all we're doing. But right now it
seems like this might be peak tension.
It might be that a deal actually comes
forth and that would be excellent. The
markets would love that. Odds are that
we would sell off tomorrow morning first
and then in the morning uh after you
know maybe a deal is announced or that
there's progress, the markets would
likely rally, right? So it'd be just
this crazy Vre recovery. Or it could be
that we get to Tuesday, it gets to 800
PM and overnight,
there we go. Everything starts
happening. Now, you better believe that
the pilots already have targets. They
already have their assignments.
Everybody already knows what they're
going to do. And likely what would
happen is bridges, infrastructure, power
plants, everything under the sun would
go down. And I think this could be
potentially a mistake. It could be the
right thing to do. I don't know. I have
no idea. All I know is that it might be
the peak of this tension and maybe that
would be the end of it. And if it is the
end of it and all of a sudden cooler or
desperate heads prevail, then maybe we
could get to the other side of all this
and we can start kind of going down the
deescalation of all this. So that's my
silver lining. I'm hoping one that
there's just a deal that hopefully, you
know, essentially the president's going
all in and saying, "Let's go." Like I
got pocket aces. I'll go all in. like
don't think I don't have it or maybe
he's like I got the flush on the board.
Whatever analogy you want to use or
whatever poker hand you want to use. But
it seems like the president is trying to
put a maximum effort, maximum pain point
now and get this over with. The
president clearly wants to end this that
that seems very clear and the president
has also said that this will last days
not weeks. So it seems like he is trying
to pull the timeline in. So, one way or
another, what I'm hoping for based on
everything that I can see right now is
that we can get past this and the sooner
that we have a peak climax, the sooner
the market will begin to price it in and
move forward and everybody will start to
try to position themselves for the rest
of the year. So, that's where we are
right now. So, how am I position myself
right now? What am I doing with my
trades and my investments in general?
Well, first of all, with my investments,
the shares I have, I'm not touching
them. I believe in buy and hold. I don't
believe in giving up my shares with my
trading. I trade on top of my shares.
And so, as you can see here, I closed
out uh March this past week, right? So,
this these are my results for March. I
actually had the perfect month. I had
zero losing trades. I had perfect 86 out
of 86. I haven't done this since 2024.
So, this is by no means the norm. I'm
not trying to act like it is, but I'm
just trying to show you that even with a
down market where everything's been
going down, I was still able to generate
$81,000 on top of my portfolio without
selling any shares. This is why I teach
capital efficiencies. This is why I have
the options crash course to teach you
how I do this. And this is why I have
the zero day course to teach you how to
trade zero days responsibly. So this is
what I do on top of my portfolio during
these environments. This allows me to
remain dynamic through the trading
without having to touch the shares. And
in the meantime, I'm building up capital
so that I can buy some stock lower than
they would be otherwise. Right now,
we're at a discount across the board,
whether it's Meta, Tesla, Nvidia,
Pounder, you name it. But guess what?
Most people have their capital deployed.
So how do you raise cash then? Well,
this is how I raise cash. I trade
against my portfolio. I bring them bring
in extra income. I can teach you how to
do this as well. I'm here to teach you
how to fish. This is not a come back to
me every time. You're stuck with Nick
thing. It's I teach you, you go off, you
do your own thing. In fact, look at
this. Here's Marty. And it's kind of
brilliant to bring Marty up right now
because Marty is a prior fighter pilot.
He is a stealth bomber pilot, tanker
pilot, cargo pilot, 28-year Air Force
veteran. and he in his own words here
says to anyone considering taking this
course I can't recommend them enough
it's the best ROI you'll find in the
investing world all right if there's I
mean man those are like some really kind
words and you know I I'll take a little
credit for the course but at the end of
the day Marty's the one that's doing it
he's taken what I taught him and he's
putting into practice all right and this
isn't like some old post this is April
1st okay so if you're interested in
trying to figure out what Marty has
figured
The links are down below. Feel free to
sign up. There's no pressure. The goal
is to teach you how to make 1 to 4% on
your portfolio per month, no matter what
the market's doing, without having to
sell your shares. Options aren't
dangerous if you know how to use them.
They are dangerous if you don't know how
to use them. Just like a knife, just
like scissors, just like stocks,
anything in life. Once you know how to
use the instrument correctly, they can
become a tool for you. Here's another
example. This is Cam. He said, uh, Nick
is an options baller. Appreciate that.
Uh, took his zeroday course, was able to
apply his lessons and make multiples of
initial investment first week. That's
the other part best part about this.
Look, if I'm full of it, if I'm just
this big scam, whatever, you know,
because the very next day, you can take
what I taught you and put it into
practice, right? So, it's it's very high
signal to noise ratio. It's you can put
what I teach you right into practice
immediately. So again, if you're
interested in doing this, sign up. This
is what my April is looking like so far.
We've had two trading days. You know,
we're starting off pretty good. I've
only done four trade or close out four
trades so far. All profitable up about
four grand. Every month I go back to
zero. I reset. Every month has to stand
on its own. That's how I operate. I
teach this as a business. That's how I
try to treat it. So anyway, so what am I
doing then? So, I'm telling you right
now that I have all these trades on and
I have been telling you if you've been
following along that when we had the
market go up, it was time to sell some
calls to get into a strangle. So, and
again, if you don't know what this
means, that's what the point of the
course is. That's what I teach you. All
right? Like, just skip the trying to
learn it on your own part. Come in, I'll
teach you. You'll likely make the cost
of the course back in that first week.
And if it's just fagazi, it's fagazi. If
not, guess what? You just learned how to
make 1 to 4% on your portfolio without
having to sell your shares. Like, how
incredible is that? I'm telling you,
it's pretty freaking incredible. But
anyways, so what I'm doing now is as we
open up on Monday, and I think the
market's going to be down because let me
see. Let's look. So, the pre-market's
opening right now. So, let's take a look
at what it is. So, see how ugly it might
actually be. So, right now it says stock
futures slip after a winning week as oil
prices tick higher. But actually, it's
not that bad. Actually, the futures are
down. Look, S&amp;P is down about 7. So, uh,
percent and NASDAQ's down about 085.
That's not too bad. And in fact, this is
kind of bullish. Bitcoin's up about a
third of a percent. And let's see, what
about oil? What's oil doing? Oil's up
only about two bucks. Okay. Oh, that's
interesting. Oh, that's very
interesting. WTI is actually higher now
than Brent. Wow, that's actually
fascinating. Not just interesting. I
don't think I've ever seen that. All
right, we'll check back on this in a
second before we we get off here. But so
what I'm doing now is I anticipate
Monday opening down. But I also, like I
said, silver lining, I anticipate all
this kind of getting a resolve or at
least us getting to a peak. So as the
market opens and as my sold calls go
profitable, I'll be taking those off the
table. I'll have my short puts still on.
Those are very wide. And then we'll see
what happens from there. So that's how
I'm dynamically playing this. All right.
So, right now I've got short calls on
Micron, on Meta, on what else? On I
think something else. I I don't know
what else I have it on, but I'll be
trying to close those out as those go
profitable. And then from there, if the
market rallies again and goes up, if
some amazing news comes out and there's
finally peace in the region
straightforward is open, guess what I'll
be doing? I will sell those calls again.
way further out of the money, way safety
with the, you know, 90 plus% probability
of profit. That's that's the game.
That's the simple game. All of you guys
should should know this by now,
especially have taken the course. Again,
if you're interested in the course,
links are down below. If you're not sure
if it's a good fit for you, just send me
a DM on X. I respond to pretty much
everybody. Uh, and you know, I'll talk
to you if it's a good fit for you. It's
not right for everybody. If you don't
have your bills paid, if you have a lot
of credit card debt, like, no, go take
care of your financial situation first.
The whole idea of this is financial
independence or a way to raise capital
or you know what I hear so often is I'm
wealthy on paper but I don't know how to
use the money without paying crazy taxes
or having to uh take early withdrawals.
Right? I hear a lot of this. So again
all I'm trying to do is teach. Okay. So
let's divert to Tesla because Tesla
seems to be potentially having issues if
I believe all the headlines. And do I
believe all the headlines? No. But do I
believe that there is nothing there? No,
I don't believe that either. I believe
there's something. And I kind of want to
elaborate on this. So, first of all,
this this past week, uh, we got the
Tesla delivery numbers for Q Q1 and they
were just under expectations, right?
Apparent, you know, it's like every time
I see the expectations and it's like,
okay, they're 360 and then all a sudden
the numbers come out and all of a sudden
I hear, oh, the expectations were
actually 370. Like, what? Where are you
getting that number from? It's like they
always like want to just add to it just
to make Tesla look bad. I don't know
what this is about, but this
expectations I saw were 360. Tesla came
in at about 358,000.
Now look, is that weaker than what I
thought? Yeah, I thought they're going
to do about 400,000. Why do I think
that? I don't know. I put my finger in
the air and I guess the number. I have
no reason to think that. I have no idea.
I don't care anymore. It's irrelevant to
me and I think it should be irrelevant
to you. As long as they're selling cars,
that's all that matters. But everyone
tried to make a big stink like, "Oh no,
this is a problem." And god forbid Tesla
doesn't have the most amazing first
quarter of all time, even though I'm
pretty sure they were they're beating
year-over-year, but everyone on media
seemed to want to compare Q1 to Q4,
which is intellectually dishonest. you
know, the whole thing we try to avoid on
this channel, uh, you know, we want to
invest against the grain of the
stupidity, uh, to say the least.
Anyways, so let's look at the reality.
Okay, check this out. Here is, uh, Nick
Cruz posting this. Tesla, um, Tesla has
officially taught Korea's imported car
market for the first time in Q1 2026.
All right, so this is a big deal. Tesla
sold over 20,000 vehicles in the January
to March period, up 335%
from a year earlier. Well, that doesn't
sound like a company has issues. Let's
continue. Let let's let's see a little
more. Nick also posts the following.
Great name, by the way. Tesla has
officially reclaimed the global crown as
the top pure electric vehicle maker for
the first time since Q4 2024. Tesla Q1
deliveries 358,000 units. BYD Q1
deliveries just be was 310,000. Wow,
that sure doesn't seem like a company
that's having a lot of issues now, does
it? And there's also this like new for
some reason like talk track that EVs are
becoming out of fashion and that people
aren't buying them anymore and that
people are choosing uh to go back to gas
vehicles or diesel vehicles. And here I
saw this uh this morning like, oh, how
perfect is this? I'll show this on the
pod. Look at this. Omar post the
following. Global sales of gas cars
peaked the year the Tesla Model 3
entered volume production. Guess what
happened next? Look at this. See a
trend. Notice anything interesting here.
Now, mind you, we are all right about
this trend and what's happening. But we
were all wrong about how fast it would
happen. And I will continue to point
that out. We've all been wrong. I have
been wrong. And the reason I point that
out is because we have to be honest with
ourselves. We have to iterate. We have
to get better. We can't just sit there
and keep acting like, "No, we weren't
wrong about this big thing over here. We
were wrong. We're all wrong. Didn't
happen as fast as we thought. FSD hasn't
happened as fast as we thought. Robo
taxes haven't happened as fast as we
thought." Okay, we'll be honest about
that. We'll own that. But we've been
right about the thesis all along, and
that is more important. This is why I
don't try to time the market. This is
why when I trade options, I'm not trying
to time the market or pick a price or
anything. This is why with my core
holding investments, essentially the
stock that you don't touch, you don't
sell that you trade options on top of,
you don't try to predict what's going to
happen. You dollar cost average as you
get more income, you buy your stocks. I
don't believe in diversifying those. I
believe in going all in on those. Why?
because I can't predict what's going to
happen with Amazon from 2000 to 2020 and
what's going to happen Microsoft having
a dead year for 10 years. Google or
Apple not having any growth for like
four years or not real growth until they
finally released the app store. You
can't predict these things. It was
obvious that Amazon.com was going to be
a real thing. Wasn't just a bookstore.
But we couldn't predict the timing. It
was obvious Microsoft wasn't just going
to go out of business. But we didn't
know when Azure would come or when the
growth would happen. It was obvious that
AWS was a big deal, but we didn't know
when the market would recognize it. It
was obvious that the iPhone was a really
big deal, but the unlock of the iPhone
didn't happen till the app store come
out came out, but we didn't know this
timing. And same thing with electric
vehicles. It's obvious electric vehicles
are the future. It's obvious autonomy is
the future, but we still haven't hit
that unlock to really take this to the
next level. And if I had to guess, I
would say that's going to be robo taxis.
Robo taxis will be that unlock where all
of a sudden everybody is going to buy a
Tesla or a vehicle that has Tesla's FSD.
Because I think once we have robo taxis
everywhere, cyber cabs everywhere, then
the friction to experience this will be
essentially none. It will be as simple
as calling your Uber today. And right
now the problem with autonomy with Tesla
and FSD the friction is high. It is very
expensive to buy a Tesla for a lot of
people and then you have to buy the
subscription for FSD after that. So
there is a gap of knowledge and Tesla
doesn't market. All right we know about
it in our little sphere here. But let's
be honest we're not that big of an
audience in the big scheme of things.
And so there's a big friction. Not only
do you have to be in a country that has
FSD, you have to buy a Tesla, you have
to subscribe to FSD, all that just to
experience it. Once Robu Taxi comes out,
once Cyber Caps are out, the friction
point will be essentially zero. This
will be the unlock. People will
experience it for the first time.
They'll see, oh, this is legit. Oh, you
mean I could buy a my next car and have
this as part of it and it can be my own
private chauffeur? Yeah, I'll take that
all day. That will be the unlock in my
opinion, but we'll find out. So, the
last thing I want to touch on here, um,
is this again is the the thinking that
we need to continue doing what we're
doing to invest against the grain. Look
at this. This is Finance Jack, whoever
he is, saying, "For the Tesla bulls out
there, can you please explain to me why
why Tesla deserves to trade at 330 times
earnings?" Palanteer I can understand at
226 times because it is growing revenue
70% with margin expansion. Tesla has no
revenue growth over the past two years.
I'm genuinely listening here. Bring your
best stuff. Okay, you claim you're
genuinely listening. So I will entertain
this. The only reason I'm even posting
this about this, but you might be one of
this too and you might get the same
question from a lot of your your friends
and your family. And it's a very very
simple answer is that when you look at
price to earnings, okay, the price to
earnings is a poor metric for any true
growth company because the price to the
earnings we're having right now is not
reflective of what people are buying the
stock for, if that makes sense. None of
us are buying Tesla for the profits they
make today. None of us are buying Tesla
stock because of the electric vehicles
are selling. And this is why the
delivery numbers are irrelevant to the
stock these days. In fact, it's been
like that for almost two years. People
are buying Tesla because of Optimus,
because of Robo Taxi, because of FSD.
And if you just take a quick back and a
knack and math and you do a little
calculation of if they have x amount of
robo taxis out there, if they charge x
amount per miles, if they're in x amount
of cities, and you start to figure out
what the earnings will be in the future,
it gets really nutty. And that is what's
kind of priced in. It's priced in by us,
the shareholders. It's not priced in by
the greater population of investors. And
so that is the opportunity within Tesla.
That's why I always say the edge in the
markets is not any fancy metric, any
fancy indicator, none of that. The edge
is knowledge. And we have asymmetric
knowledge as Tesla investors, as FSD
users. It is a rare thing to have, but
we have it. This is also why I teach
options because it's asymmetric
knowledge. Most people don't understand
options. Most people don't understand
stocks, right? That's why I'm able to
edge out the market because it's
asymmetric knowledge that most people
don't have. Did you know that options
are essentially new? They started in the
late 1980s. That zero days really just
started in 2022. Are you aware of any of
this? It's net new. So, the market
doesn't know about it. In fact, what 10%
of people invest in stocks? Like that's
how niche that we keep going down. Like
you go smaller and smaller and you
realize that the pool of people
listening, the PE pool of people aware
of FSD autonomy, what it means to have
PE versus PEG ratio, like all these
things. They don't get it. They don't
get it. You get it. Of course you do.
You're here. You're investing against
the grain. You're kind of an outcast, an
outlier, a misfit, as Steve Jobs would
say. So, we'll leave it there. Um,
before I hang up, I have some important
news for you all. I was able to fill up
my uh my uh wow, a decanter. I almost
forgot what that was called. Uh, I got a
couple new bourbons. Pretty excited
about it. Got my little oldfashioned
here. This is actually a mix of what I
have here. This is called Noble Oak and
it's uh it's made with, I guess, like a
a white oak. It says cherry oak. I don't
know. It's like a white oak uh barrel.
So, it's interesting. Um it's not bad.
Not my favorite, but it's not bad. But
then this other bourbon um that I got as
well, which is half in here. Uh this is
kind of like just a blend of
oldfashioned, but it was a it's called
Hemingway. Fantastic. Cannot recommend
enough. Excellent bourbon. Never had it
before. Got it. Thought I'd give it a
try and I was pretty excited about it.
So, um, yeah. So, if you guys like
bourbon, you guys know I like bourbon a
lot. So, I just wanted to share that
with you guys. Uh, and, uh, I guess, oh,
one last thing. I should have said this
before. I'm awful at this. If you have
taken the courses and you want to join
our Slack community, our Slack group,
um, I will leave the link for that below
as well. Feel free to join. It's a great
community. In fact, today uh, this
afternoon, we had a really fun uh, Zoom
session with everybody who's in the
Slack channel. Uh, and we we you know,
we played kind of like a two truth and a
lie game. Got to know people. Um, just
really fascinating people from all over
the world. We had um we had Nicola from
uh Zurich. She she was on uh we had um
uh what two people from Canada. One of
them uh James I believe uh we found out
that his relative was uh a pitcher uh in
the World Series or something if I
recall correctly. I mean we we just have
a fascinating group of people and I
can't thank enough uh Deepump for
helping us set this up. He was someone
who took our course uh in December and
he has just been a huge value ad to the
community. He admins the Slack and you
know can't thank him enough. So if you
want to join just sign up uh and we'll
bring you in. Please make sure that you
have taken the course or signed up for
the course. That is a prerequisite.
We're not just letting anybody in. Only
people who have taken the course. We
want to have like-minded people, people
who have uh understanding of what we're
doing. And this community is getting
very very strong. It's growing. And
honestly, the most impressive thing is
how quickly people are learning and how
quickly the the profits are stacking up
for everybody. So again, it's an honor
to be part of this. Uh I I don't really
feel like it's mine. I feel like I'm
part of something that's just happening
organically. So, it's uh it's a cool
ride and I hope you can join us. All
right.