Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Terafab Will SKYROCKET Tesla And SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXOl_4GAR9Y
Published:   2026-08-10 18:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-10 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We had amazing and huge news this week
with Terraap getting into the next phase
and SpaceX and Tesla reporting that they
are investing 16.8 billion which we
already knew. But they are also now
picking the exact location of this
amazing thing that is being built that
will 50x the entire output of earth in
terms of semiconductors or more
specifically GPUs and that is a very
very big deal as we already know but
that now it's actually clear where this
thing is being built and that is a very
important step into making this crazy
vision of Elon actually real and why
does it matter for the AI frontier this
week in our weekly brief that you watch
right now? Why is it so important?
Because a lot of people thought this is
just fantasy. This is just a crazy Elon
statement that is not going to really
become true. And now with that decisive
step, this becomes true and basically
outlines the trajectory of humanity and
the trajectory of the AI buildout. That
this is not a bubble. At least serious
steps are being taken that show that the
smartest minds on the planet don't
believe it's a bubble and that AI is
here to explode and actually initiate
the singularity. Some people say,
including Elon, we are in the middle of
the singularity. I'm saying the same
thing and the singularity is something
you better watch because it's going to
change everything. So you see here the
tariff app. This is of course not a real
video. This is a CG generated video by
SpaceX that shows how this thing is
going to look like and the scale is
absolutely stunning. So we are going to
look into this a little bit more to
understand the implications. SpaceX and
Tesla greenlighting tariff application
in Grimes County, Texas for for $16.8
billion investment. Of course, it's
going to be much much much more money
than that. This is just the initial the
initial investment. Here you see the
size of this whole thing. You see in the
middle left the US Pentagon used to be
the largest building on Earth. Not
anymore. Mall of America. Pretty big
thing. Do you see the Apple here? You
see the Apple headquarter. If you have
ever been to Sunnyvale, this thing is
also very, very large when you stand in
front of it. So,
Giga Texas, 10 million square ft, nearly
four times the size of Apple, uh,
Apple's headquarter. And now look at
Terrafab. Absolutely stunning. Giga
Texas, one of the largest buildings on
Earth. Probably the largest building on
Earth. I'm not totally sure right now,
but everything gets dwarfed by the scale
of Terraab 100 million square ft
dedicated only to producing GPUs,
graphic processing units. Of course, a
misnomer at that point because it's
being used to produce to manufacture
intelligence at scale. And the size of
this thing is truly stunning. Also in
terms of output, we would generate 50
times more semiconductors GPUs than we
currently manufacture across the entire
planet. That includes Nvidia, AMD,
Intel, the Chinese, Samsung, and so on
and so forth. So what does that mean? It
means it means that Elon Musk who is of
course the mastermind behind this plan
places an enormous bet an enormous bet.
I mean look at how enormous you see it
in the graphic on a singular trajectory
and the trajectory is that compute
needs. Some people say we in an AI
bubble because you see Amazon, Google,
Microsoft, look at the earnings, look at
the capex, roughly 200 billion each.
Meta
150 45 billion
nearly a trillion dollars in 2027
invested into the buildout of the AI
clouds of the four hyperscalers.
Some people say that's a bubble, but
when you look at Elon's plans and this
Terra app, he believes it's not a
bubble. It is a tiny little step into an
enormous exponential trajectory that
will unfold over the next 3 to four
years. So, this is all now. It's not in
the future. It is now. They're starting
the construction now.
And I project 3 to four years before it
turns out real stuff. Maybe three years.
So he's betting on this not just being a
little blip, not just being a little
bubble, not just being a little
overinvestment,
but a dramatic dramatic underinvestment
compared to what we actually need. So
this is why we have to do this every
week and look at the AI frontier because
we're collecting data points here from
the smartest people in the world. what
actually happens in AI to project these
trajectories accurately because you know
that the current narrative out there are
multiple narratives out there one
narrative says I just had a conversation
with a smart friend who believes it's
all a bubble he believes it's overhyped
and that in three years we all back into
our jobs everyone is just back to what
they're doing everyone realize well that
was just a hype cycle in the end people
have to go to work. People have to save
money. People have to do all these
things. Once the hype is over, we
realize it's back to normal.
That is the one narrative about AI. The
other narrative is this time is actually
different. This time is different. We
are on an exponential trajectory to
churn out exponentially more powerful
intelligence that becomes very soon
artificial general intelligence and very
soon after that artificial super
intelligence which will push humanity to
the brink with tasks and complexities
and problems that no one can even
anticipate right now. We will have the
time of our lives but also run into the
risks not just of our lives but of the
ultimate risks of civilization while
being granted the power of gods. Hey on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. that these
are the two narratives and within 2
years
everyone will agree on either one of
them.
There will be no human in 2028 and 9 who
will doubt either one of them because we
will have clarity and you know that I'm
falling squarely into the second
set of people. I believe this is
different because I use these things
every day. I connect the dots. We use it
in pioneer lands. We have drought near
AI agentic systems for all people in
pioneer lands that they can use. We see
it internally how these things develop.
And it's not about what AI can do today
even though that is very impressive. It
is about what it was able to do one year
ago when able to do a quarter ago and
how these things exponentially develop.
And then we draw the trajectory and then
we realize that next year will be
exactly as I predicted in 2025 will be
absolutely nuts.
And then we look at also the behavior of
the smartest people with the most
knowledge about these things from the
Google leadership to Microsoft
leadership to Meta leadership to Amazon
leadership to Yensen at Nvidia even
though of course he's very biased
because he's producing all that stuff
but Google Microsoft Meta and Amazon
they're not biased they're absolutely
not biased they are the people who have
to make these purchasing decisions and
they decided to invest a trillion
dollars in the buildout because they're
measuring everything here and they see
the demand is going through the roof.
And then we look at Elon, of course,
he's making these investment decisions
that are stunning. Quite frankly,
absolutely stunning.
And that all tells us that 100% of the
smartest people on Earth with the most
responsibility, the most capital to
deploy all agree. and they agree that
this time is different and that this
thing will be crazy and that they want
to get ahead of it and that Elon sees
and predicts an absolutely insane and
massive shortage of GPUs, of memory,
and of our ability to feed the infinite
demand for AI.
It's not just my opinion. It is exactly
what you see here in the actions taken
by him. Here's another view on Terraab.
The Optimus factory and Giga Texas right
next to it. Look at this. I don't know
if that's actually accurate that this
thing would be placed exactly here, but
it's going to be placed somewhere very
close. They started construction, so you
might be able to project it a little bit
and it won't look like this. Of course,
in the end, it will be a little
different, but it's probably not going
to be placed here. It's just for
comparison. Optimus Factory, Giga Texas.
You see how they get dwarfed by this
thing?
Now
1.5 hours outside Houston. So there we
have the answer by the way. So it's not
there. This is right next to Austin. So
it's somewhere in Grimes County. 1.5
hours outside of Houston. Initial
prototype fabrication operations are
stationed in Austin, Texas near Texas
existing Gigafactory in Texas. So we
have a prototype fabric fabric
fabrication operations thing being
built. And of course you know how it
works, right? You design these chips,
you do fabrication of the chips, you do
memory, you do then packaging
and then you deploy them into power. So
the packaging everything that is the
whole idea of this thing that you
actually integrate and right now it is
not integrated right if you go to TSMC
and you order these things packaging
manufacturing all these things are of
course not integrated into a singular
site and so one of the central vertical
integration innovations here is that the
entire GPU manufacturing maybe all the
way into putting them into Optimus
robots everything is integrated here
which will lead to massive time cost
and other reductions. So
right now SpaceX is of course relying on
Nvidia systems and the next step will be
Terrafab brings in their chip supply and
allows massive massive buildout.
So Musk of course as always little
hyperbole here but we love it. Terraab
Texas will be the largest and most
valuable building on earth by far and it
will be stunningly beautiful. That is
what Musk is saying. So [snorts] that is
the news here in the weekly brief that
you can find on pioneerlands.org. By the
way, we decided to make the weekly brief
accessible for everyone. So you don't
even need to be a citizen, at least not
for the video. You can watch the whole
video. It's on pioneerlands.org. You
should go there and check it out. But
in the weekly brief today for the AI
frontier, this is the AI frontier weekly
brief. We also have one for capital
markets there and we have one for
politics where we discuss Taka Carlson's
10 points which is very interesting. But
in the weekly brief in AI, we are going
to go through deepseek versus open AI
because there's something very
interesting happening. The week before
OpenAI was forced, I think was forced,
but who knows? but lowered prices by 80%
for one of their core models.
That is a big big reduction.
And the funny thing is the week after
this week, last week we are using
deepseek a lot, right? I'm I'm kind of
on an operational level, we use the
Chinese models a lot in our in-house or
pioneer lens intelligence agentic
system. and Deep Seek sent actually out
a message that we will pay more. So the
frontier model in the United States
lower the price 80%, the Chinese, we
don't know yet how much they increase
the prices. So we see a convergence. We
are going to talk about that. Very
interesting stuff. We see Astra open EIS
next model Fable level or higher uh is
confirmed
and we don't know if they release it
next or this week or next week. It's a
little unclear but it is in use. It is
finalized and now it's going through
some probably government related checks
with the US government before it's being
released. Then in the news we have
Google's AI brain drain. There is a huge
shift in Google going on and we have a
very specific take on what is happening
there. Why Google is doing that? What it
means if they are retreating from the
frontier models there are all kinds of
interesting rumors but also facts on the
ground. Then we see token prices
converging as in the first point but
also infrastructure bottlenecks. We have
to talk about that for the buildout of
AI and then we go into the bottom line.
To see the full weekly brief, go to
pioneerlands.org.
Every single week, we will cover the
most exciting and important news from
the AI frontier, from Grock, Anthropic,
CLBT, and the Chinese models, of course,
so you are up to date and understand how
the world is changing very rapidly right
now. Also, by the way, we have a capital
and stocks weekly update and we have a
political weekly brief now, all on
pinelance.org. So, I hope to see you
there.