Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Rivian's R2 Glass Drop Design Explained
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXrn1fjnEB8
Published:   2026-07-24 21:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-24 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So through a lot of different
engineering, we actually were able to
get that full gloss drop and have the
C-pillar further back. And a lot of that
was through adjusting the wheelbase,
adjusting the B-pillar, and working with
our body interior team to get this
section as slim as possible, which meant
that that door aperture could get really
further back. Not only does that help
with glass drop, it also helps with
getting in and out of the car as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, Jeeoff, some of the stuff
that you're talking about, it seems like
as we look at it, you know, in in
production, built right now, it's like,
man, it looks great. Great job doing
that. But I don't think it's really I
don't think most people understand how
difficult it is to do all of those
things because we're not just talking
about the aesthetics and the character
of the vehicle. We're talking about the
body structures, really tight
clearances. So, I've got a I've got a
rectangle that I've got to drop into a
trapezoid down here. And the tolerance
for that glass to be adjacent to the
door structure is probably captured in
millimeters, not inches,
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; And so that then you close the door and
it's like, well, what is it interfacing
with? We've got a body structure which
as you pointed out is incredibly thin
right here where ordinarily for a
unibody certainly on an SUV this is a
large section because it carries a
monumental amount of structural rigidity
for the vehicle stiffness side impact
structure you've got a load coming in
from the suspension. Now what Rivian did
is interesting because as we were
looking at body and white earlier I know
we were talking a bit off camera.
There's a whole slew of castings behind
hereind
&gt;&gt; and it takes the load paths and it
brings them further inboard which was an
enabler to do