Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock DROPS - But Why?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf4V6zRNTCc
Published:   2026-07-03 17:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-03 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

to this update on this beautiful Friday,
July the 3rd, one day before the 250
anniversary of the United States of
America, a beautiful round birthday
party. We will have tomorrow on Saturday
and uh we will still be live of course
because every day we need to cover
what's going on over the weekend.
Probably not too much Tesla, but the
markets AGI is not stopping. We have
some news today about Fable. We will
review that. But also Meta on the model
side and want to watch what is happening
in AGI land. Very important for SpaceX,
very important for all of us as humans,
very important for capital markets.
But of course, we have to talk about
yesterday, the completely insane drop of
Tesla. Insane not just because it was a
huge drop. It was a total déja vu of the
week before when it happened
on a random Monday. Uh but also why did
this happen after deliveries and what
happens next? Now there is a lot of talk
uh all over the world and on X and
everywhere why this drop happened and I
will make it very short. You know I'm no
BS getting to the point. No one knows.
It makes no sense.
I predicted that we will very likely see
a sell the news effect. I said if we hit
350 or something we are probably going
to sell off. If we hit 380 I said we
might go up and then we hit 380 and we
went down. But I was totally not
surprised that we sell off because that
was expected after this crazy runup of
Tesla. But I absolutely did not expect
that we are selling off 7%. I was more
thinking about 415 410. 393
is truly insane and something weird is
definitely going on. And you you saw
this crazy drop here June 22nd where we
also dropped like a stone for no good
reason. There was a little sell off in
uh Korea.
I took heavy tactical losses here and
prepared for a massive rebound which
exactly happened. So I was fine. But now
I'm not fine again. That's how it goes.
But again, not much changed other than
the bullishness increases even more. And
uh the big question of course is what
about Monday? Will we see more crashing
or not? I would well not I would. I
definitely bet against that. And we have
first news that this is probably the
right move. You see in Europe today
Tesla up seven points.
Uh I have to actually check if that is
still true for today. I didn't even
check that Tesla Europe trading
uh if Tesla had a good day. And we will
get in a second to uh what actually
happened
that makes this a bullish situation.
Uh I think Tesla is up 62% here but this
is in euro so this is a little confusing
and hard to understand. Uh but up two
points so not too crazy. Uh but what we
have is a bunch of news and maybe the
most important news is that Tesla has
launched a new market for robo taxi
unsupervised and that new market is in
Miami.
So we have actually now unlocked an
additional city. Uh and that is of
course good news, right? We have here
some
news here. We see robo taxi first ride
Miami unsupervised, no safety driver
there. Uh we Tesla officially announced
that. So we are live in Miami. And we
even have a map here. Someone created
this map as you see. So the red is
Tesla. Tesla is now live in Miami.
Here's Miami Beach. And here's randomly
around the airport in Miami where Tesla
is now live. But we know this is
expanding very quickly. The blue is
Whimo. So Whimo is already there, of
course. Is this huge news? It's not huge
news, but it's also not totally side
news. I think it's justifies a little
bit of a positive momentum that will not
drive Tesla up like crazy. But the
weekend didn't even begin. And let's see
what else happens. We also heard Las
Moravi before, I think the day before on
Herbert with Jeff Lutz in the interview
saying on Tuesday there's some form of
reveal in Austin, Texas about scaling,
something related to scaling. No one
knows what it is. I do not expect some
crazy news.
So my main reason to be not totally
bearish on this crazy situation here is
that this is clearly oversold. Of
course, we can always drop more because
once you go irrational, you can stay
irrational. Uh but it's really against
the trend. We also see the Cosby, which
is never shown here, unfortunately.
The Cosby going up. Uh in in Korea, we
saw some rebounding there. You know that
the Korean market constantly crashes
like crazy. uh is today up 5.76% which
sounds like insane but don't forget it's
Korea so it drops like a stone and then
rallies up again and it's also up
insanely 90% year to date so that's the
entire Korean market because of Samsung
and S skhinix
uh these semiconductor and RAM chips
driven by the AI and AGI economy. So
Korea is completely drowning in money
right now and these pullbacks where the
market crashes 10% are actually very
minute compared to this crazy rally. But
it irritates our markets a little bit.
So the bottom line with Tesla is yes
this is extremely annoying. No one
understands what happens. All the
explanations I heard from everywhere
from Gene Monster to Dan Ies to everyone
were insufficient. No one actually knows
what's going on. The main theory is
Tesla ran up too much in anticipation.
There was leaking of the numbers of
course. It ran up from 370 all the way
to basically 430. Too much runup and is
still up 6% in 5 days. Don't forget that
6% in 5 days. So yeah, the crash was
insane, but we are still up 6% in one
week.
But don't forget from a ridiculously low
number 370 which was completely
inappropriate. So I would say the crash
is still totally overdone for just the
sell the news effect. 410 would be fair
in my opinion. And so that might be a
magnet that we're going over 400 quickly
but you don't know very short term you
have to be cautious. Something is going
on with this stock. These moves are too
amplified. I had a bad feeling already
on the runup because the runup was just
too much, right? You can't just go up
16%.
For no good reason. Uh so I was prepared
for a drop, but that drop was surprising
because I think now we are completely
oversold.
Let's see what happens. This is all
trivial back and forth. The big question
is will we see Cyber Cap release? Will
we see Cybercap actually getting into
gear? No pun intended. Probably doesn't
have gears. I don't know. Uh in July, I
think yes, but of course, we can't be
sure. I thought it happens in June. Now
it's July. Who knows if it happens? Uh
but that is the big question we are all
facing. Will Cyber Cap actually start
scaling or not?
So
for anyone who is not a completely
tactical trader but a mid or long-term
investor, there is no doubt in my mind
this this is a absolutely perfect entry
point, a gift from heaven for cheap
stocks in one of the most
transformational companies in the age of
Agi that is also super cheap right now
compared to SpaceX for example and is at
the precipice of something enormous
because cybercap is coming. We don't
know if it's coming this month or next
month or the month after or the month
after. Who knows? But with every month
it doesn't come, the odds go up vastly
exponentially. And I think the odds that
this happens this year is 90%.
95% at this point.
Yeah, that is what's happening. Can look
a little bit at the here's a summary by
Soy Merritt about Tesla before we go to
some other topics. V14 light began
rolling out. not important but for the
hardware 3 owners important. Uh the
people who have old Teslas can now also
use this production. Cyber caps have
started with no steering wheels. So now
Cyber Cap is in full production mode to
turn these things out without a steering
wheel. Very important.
Tesla reported its best ever Q2 vehicle
deliveries and beating expectations
vastly. 46,000 expected 480,000
delivered and stock crashes like crazy
and we have launched in Miami
plus on Tuesday last Moravi of course
famously here and now
&gt;&gt; talk about it right now but
&gt;&gt; as part of the scaling effort so
&gt;&gt; all right so in a week from Tuesday
there'll be some cool news about things
happening on the campus of Texas and I
can't talk about it right now but as
part of the scaling off
&gt;&gt; part of the scaling something huge is
happening
in
Austin, Texas, the Gigafactory. So, you
guys probably knew about that. That is
happening. And let's just take a quick
look into the market at large. Also, of
course, we have now Claude Fablebeck,
the fabulous fable uh creature.
Mythos the most advanced AI model in the
world is now available again slightly
lobotomized by the US government that is
what happens
for those those of you who don't know
who's probably which is probably no one
fable launched
to the world at claude available in
claude blew everything out of the water
except what I do writing sucks thinking
sucks I I don't even know what people
have with Fable, but the people who use
it for coding are all in agreement that
this thing is transformational.
And then someone used it for some
hacking and cyber security issues
emerged and the Trump administration
said, "Take this thing off or you're all
going to jail." And they basically
stopped it immediately, stopped the roll
out, pulled it back. No one could access
Fable for two weeks roughly. And in the
meantime, they have worked with the
government to ensure it cannot be used
as a cyber weapon useful to ensure that.
And now it's back lobomized. So what you
see here is Fable 5 in gray before in
June release. And the new one in orange
is the current release and you see that
it changed a little bit down, right? So
code arena front end a little dumber
vision a little smarter document much
smarter that's good text overall
a little down expert actually up
creative writing a little up but forget
this creative writing this thing sucks.
Uh text coding
significantly down 20 points. Text hot
prompts three points down and longer
query four points up. So you see it's
it's changed. They changed the harness
if you want certain things from this
thing. It just stops working for you. So
they made it more safe. But a lot of
people complain about it and say now
it's maybe a little bit better than
Opus, but it lost a lot of its appeal.
Whatever. I'm not the biggest fan of
this thing. Anyway, uh we also have some
news from Meta
where Alexander Wang, the head of Meta
AI, and of course the founder of Scale,
a very cool startup that Meta acquired
for a lot of money. I think 15 billion
or something crazy. They are working on
Meta's next frontier model and you
probably know that Meta you know looks a
little weak. People are not happy with
Meta as a AI competitor and that they
have failed. Uh the new model is cenamed
Watermelon has already caught up with
OpenAI's GPD 5.5 on internal benchmarks.
One interesting detail watermelon meta
watermelon meta's new AI frontier model
reportedly uses an order of magnitude
more compute than avocado. Wow. Avocado.
Meta's internal code name for Muse
Spark.
Meta is making significant progress in
the AI model race. Its super
intelligence chief Alexander Wang told
employees today. In an internal town
hall, Wang said that Meta's upcoming AI
model, which is quoted watermelon, has
caught up with OpenAI's flagship GPT 5.5
model. He said, according to two sources
familiar with the matter, Wang cited the
achievement based on closely followed AI
model benchmarks. It's not clear which
benchmarks Wang cited
and so Meta is expect to release an ous
model in the very near future.
Reportedly, Mark Zuckerberg's
disappointment with agentic AI was
directed at the field of agentic AI in
general rather than at meta
specifically. Maybe you have heard that
Zuckerberg said he's very disappointed
with the progress in agentic AI and
people interpreted this as a failure.
And then Alexander Wang, the boss of
Meta's AAI said, "First, Mark was
clearly talking about the industry's
progress on agenda capabilities on the
whole." That's what I would say if I
would be in charge of Meta's AI. But
maybe Alexander is right. But while we
are on the topic, our next new Spark
update is coming soon. Big improvements
in coding and agenda capabilities to be
more competitive with other leading
models. Excited to get these into your
hands. will be rolling out meta AI and
our new API.
So I also think I'm not up to the latest
here that they stopped doing or
releasing open-source models.
You know they had Llama, the lame llama
which was an open-source model and
and uh now they are not open anymore.
Interesting competitive competit
competitive situation going on here. Of
course, very sad that OpenAI uh not open
AI that Meta is not open anymore.
Is Meta still developing open source AI
models for all closed? Let's ask Google
Gemini.
Google Gemini says Meta is actively
developing both open-source and closed
source models. While the company
originally made its name in AI bio
publicly receiving openweight llama
models, it has shifted towards a hybrid
strategy.
Close proprietary models. Meta has
developed and released highly powerful
proprietary systems. For example, the
company introduced the Muse line of
models such as Muse Spark.
So that is closed open source open
weight models. Meta continues to develop
and publicly release versions of a llama
model. So all the stuff we are talking
about here watermelon
is closed
I assume.
Uh let's see what we hear there. Yes. So
watermelon. So of course the most
powerful models are also closed now for
this whole situation. So interesting
what's happening. Fable release releases
again. Meta makes progress. Some people
also say Nvidia's opensource model is
becoming very good. The Chinese are
catching up. Deepseek is getting better
and better. Kimmy is the preferred model
right now still for cursor, the world's
most advanced harness. Grock is getting
very good. All in all, we see a lot of
continued progress. The myth of AI not
making progress anymore is definitely a
myth and not true. That's very important
for us at Pioneer Lands. We need to
watch out what's happening with the
frontier model so we understand where we
stand with this whole situation.
We have three more little news. One is
actually something I should have said
with FSD. Just a little side note. Uh
Tesla FSD, good news. Germany, a very
big country in Europe, some say it's the
biggest in Europe, is actually working
on a potential
approval outside the EU specific
approval for FSD in Deutseland.
So here is the response of the
parliamentary
state secretary of the uh federal
minister of transport
about FSD
in Germany.
And
here Christian Hutton
says, "Dear Marvel 93, yes,
there will be something coming this
month."
Uh
so here
what are they saying?
Uh in concrete terms that means that's
the ministry ministry um ease more easy
uh approval uh rules and
and and and and
pilot regions for autonomous transport.
uh more incentives for compute centers
in the communes
uh or districts and a faster build out
of the electricity grid. The electric
grid uh in that the
time to finish for a new project is
supposed to be cut in half.
So that's not that important. That's AI
related. But when it comes to FSD, we
might actually see a surprise
in July. For Germany, I did not have
that at all on the radar. And here,
Germany might actually get FSD in just a
couple of weeks. And that would be a big
deal because Germany is by far the
largest car market in the European
Union. Most importantly, it's not the
biggest market. It's not that big for
Tesla because the Germans are so
difficult and they're not buying Tesla
so much. So FSD could be actually a big
catalyst and I like this situation that
Germany is actually way behind its
potential for Tesla. But FSD will be a
huge selling point for Germans. So if
that happens, that's going to be a big
sales driver. So that could actually
move the stock. This is a stock moving
event in my opinion because it could
impact sales in a very direct way. very
direct because you know once FST is
released in a country it has huge PR
effects and huge sales effects.
So that will be
very important. Okay. So let's continue
in our little news flow here. I have two
more things unrelated to Tesla or
anything else.
Uh
but here very important
totally political news. You know that
the biggest terror attack on German soil
since World War II
was the destruction of Nordstream 2,
which was the declared goal of the Biden
administration, not to blame Biden. I
think it was generally a strategic goal
of the United States to cut Germany off
from Russian gas and oil, which is fine
as long as you don't do anything about
it. That's interference, extreme
interference. It's kind of an act of war
to be honest. And there was a lot of
speculation. Biden said they know what
to do if Germany doesn't voluntarily
stop that pipeline. Pipeline was
finished and was even planned to go into
effect. And as you probably know,
Germany is a very large country that
needs a lot of energy. Russia is a much
much larger country that has enormous
amounts of energy. Russia is also a
geopolitical kind of rival or fo foe of
the United States. Europe is debatable
and uh America doesn't like to see a
dependency and mutual beneficial
relationship between America uh between
Germany and Russia for very strategic
reasons. That's not a big secret.
What happened then is someone blew that
thing up, which is extremely bad. By by
the way, the biggest climate catastrophe
that ever happened. It's very funny that
no one talks about that. This thing
released more methane, I think, into the
atmosphere than whatever. like you could
basically drive all cars of Europe like
for an entire year or two in order to
have the same the same contribution to
climate change here. So no one is
interested in the in these kinds of
facts of course. And now Germany is
actually investigating or accusing not
accusing but actually uh bringing them
to court a Ukrainian special forces or
office of the Ukrainian army who was
very likely doing this stuff and the
Germans have accumulated all kinds of
evidence for that. So it was the
Ukrainians.
It's the question whether United States
knew about that. Very likely they did.
question is also some Norwegian
involvement. There's all kinds of
theories. The big beneficiaries of
course are Norway and the United States
because they now deliver the energy that
Germany doesn't have. And the m the
biggest victim of this whole thing are
the Germans because they're paying
through the nose for energy. And the
second victim of course is Russia
because they can't deliver the energy.
Even though it would be a question of
the German government, the current
German government would probably not
even open the pipeline if it would be
available. There's a second pipeline
available by the way.
So this is a very big deal in Germany
and politically it's something highly
debated because the AFD doesn't find
that very funny that other people blow
up Germany's energy infrastructure for
geostrategic reasons. And it also
doesn't look good for Ukraine if they
blow up German infrastructure because
Germany gives them a ton of money.
Not as much as the United States maybe,
but enormous amounts of money and the
Germans are not happy about it. So, this
is explosive stuff. Let's see how this
goes. And finally, we have more
political news here. Very interesting.
I should actually find that timeline in
the US midterms. There is a total
reversal happening right now.
And uh the reversal is that the
Republicans are now in the lead again to
win the US Senate after they lost their
lead in the Iran war.
And so that is a very interesting
uh that's a very interesting
development. Let's see if I can pull up
the Kali original and see the exact
timeline here.
Uh it is here.
When did this all happen? What is this?
I don't want this.
Let's see. This happened on March. Yeah,
Iran started and of course the
Republicans get destroyed on Iran
because everyone hates this war. And of
course, the Democrats are very likely to
win the House.
Uh but they're not going to win the
Senate. And then the Republicans
imploded a little bit. Democrats took
over. And then in May 5th when this
thing settled down a little bit, the
Republicans are now taking the lead
again. Isn't that interesting? We can
also see midterms
house
uh mid which party will win the house
here. The Democrats should lead much
more. And you see this happening here
and very parallel to this situation.
Iran what drove
that up even more and same around May
you saw that the Republicans caught up a
little bit but are now losing again but
the Senate was very scary and that seems
to be settled so this is just evidence
that this Iran situation wasn't good for
Trump but also that by ending it he's
able to actually gain ground faster than
most would have expected and my
prediction is if he can keep his little
fingers off this whole thing uh that he
can recover from this a little faster
than people expect and also people have
not forgotten what the Democrats have
done to the country. So uh it is not
that Trump gets all the hate it is once
you know we take the foot off the gas of
this insanity uh there is a lot of
recovery that can happen. Very
interesting to observe this and we keep
our eyes on that because it has huge
repercussions. If the Republicans would
lose the Senate, that would be ideal.
Okay. And it doesn't look like they will
now, but who knows what's happening.
It's still a long way to go.
So, that's it for today. The quick
lightning round on politics, AGI, and
the markets.
Uh, let's go back here. Is this
something
Oh, unemployment. We can talk about
unemployment quickly. Uh the employment
numbers of course look bad. Good for the
Fed, good for markets, bad for
employment. Here is actually long-term a
number of unemployed
per thousand employed. And what we see
here is 2020. Uh that the trend is
actually up. The trend is up. We are now
higher than in
2017 since there was a downtrend. Here
was COVID total peak. Then we went down
back here. But since then there's an
uptrend. No one knows why. I have my
suspicions. Efficiency, corporate
profits, AGI. Uh the big debate whether
we see an employment problem or not. I
think we absolutely will. It's
completely insane to assume there won't
be an employment problem. But of course,
the AI crowd says no, we will have more
jobs than before. Doesn't look like it.
Okay, let's switch to a cyber cap just
for fun while we go to the comments and
see what you guys think.
Cyber cap. We want to see something nice
to look at.
Oh, they give me last. I said something
nice and we see last. We want to see a
cyber cap. Maybe here we loop this.
We keep the sound low because I get
complaints about sound
and let it drive. This is the safety
monitor in an engineering vehicle
without any
controls.
Okay, let's see what the chat says.
Boom.
Let's go to the top.
Is everyone in a good mood for the big
birthday?
Patty the Irishman is back. He says,
"Let's go, Joe. My buddy who I convinced
to invest in Tesla messaged me. He only
messages me when Tesla is doing
something. Oh, he's probably not happy.
Core principles explained. I love the
name. That's a good name, Joe. With a
massive deliveries beat and therefore
massive additional margins on FSD,
surely the stock will run between now
and the earnings call.
I think so. I definitely think so.
Especially from here after getting
killed.
Lights
lighty de teel says rockets coming 490.
Well, let's hope so. Day traders at this
point are manipulating the stock. I
think sell the news. Yes, I mean this
this did not look normal. This was a
very extremely wrong move. An extreme
rugpull. I was not happy.
Wow. Aonda gave us the biggest biggest
shout out I've ever had. He pressed
pause to watch this live. Joe live
instead of Citizen Vigilante. I hope all
of you guys watched my video on Citizen
Vigilante, the most important movie of
the decade is my prediction. And most
movie geeks will totally not get it
because this is not a movie. It is a
political event of grand proportions.
You should watch my last video because I
covered citizen vigilante. Of course, I
got less click than on clicks and still
got good clicks, but I got less than on
Tesla videos because people only want to
hear about Tesla. But it is very
important that we watch the world that
surrounds us.
And forgive me for being so late on the
Pioneer Academy and Pioneer Daily
updates is very complicated. But I'm
making very good progress and I hope to
get something out in July. the new core
curriculum that goes way beyond stocks
and tells us the core story of our time.
The age of AGI, the age of chaos, and
the age of pioneers.
And so, Citizen Vigilante is a very
important movie.
So, I I'm very honored that you press
pause, but citizen vigilant is not
running away.
Uh,
I can hear you. That's very good. Stock
is back up 400 USD on German stock
exchange so far today at least. Yes, I
saw a little less but something like
this. Yes.
Uh, politically incorrect is back.
Greetings from Awatuki.
Awatuki Arizona. You know you guys that
here on the stream you're meeting the
pioneers from all around the world from
Petty the Irishman
two politically incorrect from Aatuki
Taki Arizona all in real time and of
course Thorp
Jstry
from beautiful Denmark. Thor where do
you Thor is a cool name by the way. Uh
where are you in Denmark? Tell me more.
and Sean XT. Hello Joe and family, the
global family from all amazing places
here.
And we have also Phillip here from Cape
Elizabeth, Maine. Beautiful. Happy
birthday, America. Well, it's a little
early.
Let's wait. Not prematurely, but
tomorrow. Yes. Happy birthday, America.
250 years. You're looking good. Kind of.
You're looking a little like
you're stressed right now, but it's
fine.
Uh, at this point, short sellers pump
and dump Tesla stock. It's true. I think
that was a very coordinated thing, very
targeted. But if that's true, we should
see a V-shaped recovery on Monday. But
let's not jinx it. Who the hell knows?
Uh,
also important here, Ralph Kinch says,
and Ralph is absolutely correct. I can
confirm that Texas DMV registered
vehicles up again, this time to over 100
unsupervised in Texas.
Yes.
Uh, I hope it drops more. Want to buy
some? No, I definitely don't hope it
drops more because I am exposed right
now. Uh,
we have
Titan IV Pad Rat. Hello from Florida
Space Coast. Beautiful. The Space Coast.
Cape Canaveral. I'm finally got here
close to the beginning. Glad to have you
here. We have Arizona. We have the
desert. We have beautiful Maine. We have
the souththeast coast, Cape Canaveral.
We have beautiful Denmark.
We have so many different people,
pioneers I should say. Richie Cash says
growth stocks sold off from fear of new
Fed chair raising rates. However, the
momentum along with future deflationary
data will carry stocks higher. I totally
agree. We are in a total bull market.
This is all fake news. I'm also watching
Micron Technologies right now. I think I
don't have a position but this thing is
trading at like six or seven forward
price earnings ratio. Can you even
imagine? This thing grows at 80% 100% a
year and trades literally at 6 PE
forward because the market believes
there is no way in hell that this thing
can continue to grow like this. But if
you ask me, I think there's no way in
hell that the demand for RAM goes down.
So, this would be very interesting. But
let's wait and let it fall a little bit
more.
Uh, it's all good and fun, says Sean. I
knew
we were saying it just giving you a hard
time. Says it to Billis.
Yes. Uh
here chunky nugget says buenas tardis
oki
star base south Texas here se matas big
fan of me deaf cheers amigo I love the
multilingual
capabilities of chunky nugget he speaks
three languages at once and none of them
Good. Uh, but I get what it means. I
understand. Starbase, South Texas here
and fun of me, Deutsche friend. Yes. So,
we have Texas in the chat. RDK added
this morning.
Very good. Really enjoy your content.
Well, I enjoy your you uh you being here
with me. This is always fun.
Grog said no not to buy Tesla. Well,
Grock is sometimes dumb. Physical
artificial intelligence in my will be
more important.
This is a debate we had before. I think
physical I think non-physical artificial
intelligence
is uh
important but non-physical is more
important. Sing says Russia is an
extremely dangerous and imperialist
country. I'm glad the pipeline was
destroyed. Well, but that's like saying
Canada is a very dangerous and
imperialist country and I'm walking into
the United States and blowing up your
pipelines. You can have the discussion
if Russia is dangerous. We cannot have
the discussion if you can blow up German
Russian pipelines. This is just an act
of war. That's the problem. You know,
it's not up to anyone else outside
Russia and Germany to decide if this
pipeline should exist or not.
That's just the rules.
Uh Robo Taxi was just launched in Miami.
I know. Breaking news. Whimo to add more
lighter. Of course, it's a joke, but we
get the joke.
Every time Whimo can't make progress, it
can just add lighter. This is their
superpower. They cannot be stopped. They
can achieve anything by adding lighter
because more senses
are always better.
That is what Whimo believes.
Not really believes, but
I want to see a cyber cap from the
outside. Or let's just watch this stuff
here. Joe, I'm just changing.
But no sound, otherwise I get
complaints.
Republicans are the only adults in
Congress. Hopefully, they win the
midterms. Well, they can't win the
House, I guess. I wouldn't call them
adults, but
the Republicans
greatest selling points is of course the
Democrats. The the Republicans do not
win votes by talking about themselves.
They talk they win votes by talking
about the Democrats.
Uh Democratic Socialists of America
leader says many in group would be
thrilled at AOC. Who's the leader of the
socialists of America? Is it Bernie or
is it some dude no one knows? AOC and
Crockett or Mamani? What about Mamani?
You can't make it up. There's this woman
in Brooklyn who's broke. Well, not in
Brooklyn, Manhattan. This broke artist
woman who's crying that life is so
unfair because it's her dream city. She
moved there but she can't afford it. And
then she is crying when she talks about
Mam Dami's speech because it's so hard
moving. It's like what is what are these
people doing? Why do we have to pay for
them?
Why many people hate Tesla?
I don't know why I love Tesla.
What are your thoughts launching in
Miami and Tesla's video of CyberCap
testing on the streets of Austin? Seems
like the real world progress disagrees
with the stock price trends. Yes, but I
think that was a little bit of a weird
selloff. I don't think that's uh that
will hold. And we always have to
understand I think I'm always surprised
when I see even professionals discussing
these stock drops. This stock drop is
not inspired by any fundamental thinking
or fundamental news. It's pure tactics,
right? Sometimes you can corner a stock
and drop it. It's like asking why is
GameStop going from 100 to 400? What is
the news? It's like there is no news.
It's a short squeeze. Here's no news.
It's a rugpull. Okay, you have these
things happening. Sometimes people
understand how to corner the market and
it has absolutely nothing to do or only
indirectly to do with fundamentals.
Do Delaware.
Beautiful. We have JK Atlantic. Great
name for your location from Dova,
Delaware.
Beautiful Delaware. And here we have big
fan number one. Also a great name
straight from the heart of everything.
Paulo Alto, California. What street are
you on big fan? I I lived in Menlo Park
by the way. So I know Paulo Alto very
well. I'm a neighbor.
I lived in Menlo Park
twice
for nine months.
Gratz.
Wait, what? M mate. Mate says, "By the
way, krats and hi from Slovakia. I'll be
in Slovakia soon." Uh because my brother
is going there with my nephew and we're
doing a little biking. I'm I'm not doing
biking. He's a pro. He's doing some
biking.
Winston Salem in North Carolina.
Another beautiful state.
Micron is up 5% today. What do you mean
today? Today? You mean in Europe?
Uh, bought another 100 Tesla shares
yesterday or Tesla or Micron.
I don't know which one. Listening from
Belgrade Lakes region in Maine. Wow, we
have the second the second Mayor here.
Maine is a beautiful state by the way.
Going to Pankivo in August.
Wait, where's Pinko?
Uh, here. I'm a Tesla holder, but I just
believe Optimus will ever be a needle
mover considering Tesla is taking
forever to get FSD, right? Optimus is
100 times more difficult.
I am not sure. I was always on a
different page. I think Optimus is
actually easier because Optimus is such
a target-rich environment. FSD is like a
singular objective and as long as you're
not perfect or more than perfect in this
objective, you can't launch this thing.
That's why I was always scared of FSD as
a business thing. Whereas Optimus, there
are 10 million ways to make this
profitable even if it's not perfect for
industrial applications. So I think why
I'm much more confident they will keep
Optimus timelines in some sort of some
sort is because
because for Optimus the bar is much
lower. Sure a perfect Optimus is more
complex than a perfect FSD but you don't
need it perfect.
Uh, client number nine
says, "Sorry,
Bgrade, Serbia." No, Belgrade Lakes,
Maine.
When will we see Tesla semi-truck
catalyst?
I'm not following the exact timeline on
the semitr, but uh they need to deploy
this thing. I think it can be a while.
Maybe I think it more 2027 in my
opinion.
Client number nine says, "In my opinion,
hotels will own multiple robot taxis as
a perk to pick up people from the
airport."
Yeah, I don't know if you can
uh if you can like book Well, you could
book them for your for your clients.
Yeah, you could probably arrange
something like this. It's an absolute
show show stealer. What is it? Steals
the show.
Uh so Micron is up 5% in Europe. I don't
know how sustainable that is but it's an
interesting sign. Video Tao says hi from
Boca Raton, Florida.
Also very beautiful.
Boca Raton. There's a great MRI
situation. There's what what's the
there's prenuvo I think in Bocaraton you
can do full body preventative
screenings. That's what I was involved
with before.
Uh,
epis
epis epip
epi epist poet epist ep episti from
knowledge epist poet says you're quite
popular in Maine because I'm also in
coastal Maine. Maine is taking the crown
today. We have three people from such a
tiny state. Three people total over
representation. It's like Denmark. So we
have three people from Maine. I'm very
happy because Maine is so beautiful.
Client number nine. Man Ubers do not
want to operate in small towns. Yes,
there are many reasons why Uber is
completely toast.
98F in Jersey. What is 98F?
98F 98 98F
98F in Jersey. What is that? Where is
this in Jersey?
Big fan says, "I can't tell you the
street show. It's too secret." Okay, I
understand.
Um, Optimus is also a lot less likely to
cause injury or death if it messes up
compared to FSD. Exactly. Especially in
industrial applications, there's zero
risk. You can deploy these things way
before they're perfect. Not at home, but
in all these industrial uh applications.
So I think Optimus can be scaled much
faster because you can sell a million
Optimus before they are ready because
all these businesses want pilots or they
need pilots to get used to this thing. I
think you can launch Optimus at scale
next year because even if this thing is
only perfect in 2030,
you can start selling, you know, 10,000,
50,000 next year, then hundreds of
thousands the year after, and then a
million the year after before it's
perfect because everyone will fade into
that age of robots on the industrial
side and then you can sell infin
infinity. So I think people
underestimate Optimus because they're
projecting too much the FSD problem on
Optimus. It's a different problem.
I think we'll see some cyber caps
launching 77
says
Aram N2Y
could absolutely happen.
Uh, Optimus looks like a good future for
Tesla to me. Yes. Elect eclectic
eclectic gamer says launch. Nah, they're
still doing engineering testing, but
eclectic gamer, you know that they just
switched on production for controlless
controls
cyber cap. So why are they doing that?
Think about it. This is a big deal. I
think yesterday or two days ago they
started launching cyber caps without
controls. That's not for engineering
testing.
Deep future fund asks what kind of
premium is priced into Tesla share.
Well, we can I can tell you exactly how
much premium. Nothing
because
Tesla is now 20% below all-time highs.
And at all-time highs, no one no one
thought about the SpaceX merger. So
clearly we have no premium in it, which
is very dumb.
Eclectic Gamer 77, they will tell us
that Cyber Cap scaling is dramatically
easier, better than they expected, but
we don't see any Cyber Caps deployed. So
I don't think so. Oh, showstopper,
right? 17 EV.
The problem is Tesla not releasing an
imperfect products. And since Tesla has
no financial problems, Tesla can take
the time. I don't know.
Maybe maybe maybe we will see.
Uh we will see what happens.
Your brother picked up Slova girl award.
No, I have to pick up a Slovaka girl.
That's my mission there. No, he picked
up a Canadian girl. That's why I have a
nephew.
uh and and a niece.
So, eclectic gamer. None of the current
price is based on a desire of a merger.
It's not even a rumor yet. Yes. 98
degrees Fahrenheit.
Oh, I thought it's a I thought it's your
the place you live in Jersey. No, but
it's 98 degrees in Jersey. That's a
little hot.
And here epis the poet confirms I got it
right. It's a play on epistemology and
poet. Very good. Epis epistem means
knowledge in Greek. I took ancient Greek
in high school and I liked it actually.
It was the best the best one. I had the
best subject and physics.
What do you think will happen on July
7th? I have no idea. I think it's
overrated and it will be just some
stupid little factory expansion in my
opinion that no one is interested in.
Here we have JJ Bert from Merville,
Vancouver Island, close to my other old
home in Vancouver, Washington. Not that
close. Vancouver, Washington is at the
river next to Portland. So, it's a
little south on the southern border of
Washington state
and not as beautiful as your Vancouver,
but also nice.
Uh,
how about the cherry on top roadster?
Well, I've given up hope, but it's
coming at some point.
We can use Optimus to build Optimus.
That is completely correct.
Why did the stock drop post deliveries?
I think it was a tactical market
cornering trick. Uh they ran up the
stock too much and then they wanted to
ruck pull it. There are lots of people
who can make infinity money. If you can
corner a stock like this and you can
start manipulating the market and you
are in the driver's seat, no pun
intended. So you can time this on a
specific day, you can print infinity
money. Of course, it's slightly illegal,
but it's America. No one cares. So, I
think that's what what's happening all
the time. We have to be a little
cautious. Happens all the time in the
stock market. People manipulate this
stuff. And I don't think it has any
signal in there. It just means the stock
is underpriced tactically.
Misio,
I remember some news about Tesla.
Longtime holders would get some benefits
advantages buying SpaceX shares. I
disagree. I'm short SpaceX shares
indirectly through short calls out of
the money calls because I think there's
selling pressure coming on SpaceX. Bots
build bots. Bots building components.
Bots build solar. Bots build everything.
Yes,
I'm skeptical of Optimus, but I could
see one of the first large-scale uses
would be grocery stores using them
overnight to stock shelves. Tens of
thousands of stores.
Yes, politically incorrect. I think
we all underestimate how huge the demand
for Optimus would be. That's why I'm
saying millions of these things even in
pilots deployed multiple industries like
also agriculture, mining,
warehousing. Just think about that. Even
in hospitals, not for patients, but
behind the scenes, like there's just so
many uses of these things. And the thing
is, if you're in this business, here's
the point. If you're a large hospital
group, if you're a large warehousing
company, if you're McDonald's, if you're
any of these things, once they become
available and they're reasonably good,
you will call Tesla and do pilots even
knowing that these things are not ready
because you have to also adjust your
processes and you have to learn and all
kinds of stuff. So, you know, this is
going to happen.
Big fan number one from Palo Alto. I
should start uh memorizing all your uh
all your locations. Big fan number one
is in Palo Alto and can't reveal his
street, which is fine. He says, "I think
they will most likely start out by
eating their own dog food by using it in
their factories in various locations." I
think they're probably already doing
that.
Uh Richie Cash says, "Joe, you made
great points on Optimus today. you
strengthened my conviction on Optimus
and I'm excited to see the third version
unvealed the market plus zero value in
this future vertical. Yeah, I'm not like
super betting on some huge stock moves
because of Optimus, but I'm saying I
think Optimus will become real in 2027
financially. That's my gut feeling.
Uh,
Mami just attacked Elon in a speech.
Well, I'm not surprised. By the way,
I think people don't understand how bad
everything will become for the 2028
election and also in Europe, but mostly
in the United States. I think AI will
totally explode.
AI will get on a go on a murder spree
for white collar jobs in 2027 and then
full scale in 2028. It will absolutely
dominate the elections. There will be
all kinds of dumb proposals and the
democratic socialists will have a like a
field day. So, you know, buckle up. It's
going to be that
um radon
here. Afd was at the time gaining a lot
of support wanting to open the pipeline.
Therefore, the German government perhaps
approved one of the attack on the
pipeline. Uh well, the German government
doesn't have much of a say, of course,
but yeah, I assume they knew about it,
which is kind of a giant scandal, but
everyone got used to that.
BB Learning says, "Hi, I have BB
Learning Chunky Nugget." That's also an
amazing name by the way.
here yesterday heard of a lawsuit
against the US government from a local
South Texas wildlife conservatory group.
They upset they are upset. SpaceX needs
712 more acres to continue operations in
the future. I say yes to Elon. Yeah,
these wildlife people
here last said they have like one line
of 40
in the interview of Optimus Ready. I
don't know what if that's good or bad.
No, he said they have one of 40 sublines
tested, not ready.
It needs all 40 to make one bot. Are we
sure about this?
Optimus night guards could be used.
Exactly. Guards. Another thing.
Uh, I'm predicting we'll see the
Roadster fly on July 7th. I don't think
so. I think what Lass referred to was
some buildout. He didn't say we launch a
product.
Uh why did you move out of the United
States? It's a very long story that we
can't cover here, but it had to do with
personal reasons and many reasons. Uh
and I got a little annoyed, but that was
I don't know if it's was the fault. This
is a long story.
Um do you think it's possible that Tesla
could run up 40% what's the market start
pricing in the positive news? Yeah.
Well, it can run up 25% from here very
easily in absolutely no time. 40%, let's
see if 40% is a weird number. I would
say 40% is unlikely. Either it runs up
25% to 490
and then falls back or we see a
repricing then it runs up much more than
40%.
Definitely 100%.
Night guts are like $10 an hour. The bot
would have to be hecker cheap to replace
them. 10. You can do this for much less
than $10 an hour. I mean the bots
AI white collar jobs isn't investing.
Also white collar job. I catch lots of
people trying to make trading bots or
frameworks of some kind. Uh no I mean
white collar jobs are supposedly like
professional jobs, professional services
jobs. Investing is a special job.
Investing is the equivalent of
entrepreneurship and being a pioneer. So
that's the last type of job that you
know is not really a job. It's like an
occupation that humans will have
forever. Uh white collar jobs are like
being a lawyer or even a doctor if you
don't touch patients too much. uh
accountants and all these kinds of
people
going to bail on Tesla at the merger
announcement
says dude autonomy this was not a drop
it was a retest of a higher low next
comes higher high I mean backstage
tattoos
has a good point if you look at this it
totally looks like a higher low by the
way but we are not done dropping let's
see if if it bumps up from here bounces
from here which it should. Yeah, it's a
total higher low and then higher high. I
agree that could totally happen.
Yes, maybe they drop roadster out of the
starship and it lands itself. That would
be nice.
Hood going to 130, Tesla to 540 by end
of the year. Hood to 130. That's 30%
higher than now, I guess.
Could be. I'm holding my Tesla for four
years now. Did not get any prevential
treatment. I received only 15 shares of
SpaceX at IPO price and I'm holding
1,400 shares of Tesla for four years.
Well, I would recommend to keep holding
them.
Joe, did you make any moves on Micro
Strategy?
Uh, no. I just kept it. Um,
I got a little scared in between, but I
mean now it's back. So,
yeah, it's a total steal. I think the
panic around Micro Strategy is just dumb
when you look at the facts. Like, it's
dumb. It was total madeup panic.
Yeah, that is the situation. That is the
state of affairs before July 4th,
tomorrow. The great 250
year anniversary. Do we see anything
about that?
4th July 250.
Let's end on a high birthday note for
the United States.
Oh, this is to Is this Tokyo? No, this
is fake.
4th of July. Is this real? I can never
is this I I never know anymore what's
real.
What is that? Is that
why would it keep the sound?
&gt;&gt; Oh no.
&gt;&gt; What happened?
&gt;&gt; Oh no.
&gt;&gt; My head. What a mess.
&gt;&gt; What is someone there?
&gt;&gt; This did not pass my quality check.
&gt;&gt; OH NO.
&gt;&gt; WHAT?
THE
What is that? A ice.
We can't watch this because I didn't
approve. Oh, there's Elon. We I don't
know what they're going to say. I cannot
approve. I first have to watch it.
Star sprangled.
Is this real? It's all not real, right?
It's all fake.
Is that real?
This is so difficult to tell what's
happening here. Uh, in any case,
Swedish authorities recommend EU to
block FSD roll out because you can set
it for speeding. I know. I heard that.
The Swedes, what are they doing? The
Swedes have a weird government and the
elections look bad. By the way, Sweden
gets all these headlines now that
they're making so much progress. And
what people outside Sweden don't know
is, yeah, this government makes
progress, but they're getting punished
in September whenever it happens. And
then they will lose and Sweden gets a
leftwing government again because the
right-wing government has now made it
illegal to flee from jail. I read this
today. Now, if you're in jail in Sweden
and you escape, they made it illegal
because they're right-wing extremists.
So not even the jail jail people can
flee anymore. Of course that's it. Swed
say this is too much. You cannot make it
illegal to flee from jail. I mean where
would this lead to? So yes we see a lot
of progress in Sweden but that will cost
them their job for some reason
which is sad.
Uh interactive brokers 4.75% margin
interest rate. That is correct. Yeah, I
also have interactive brokers.
Uh, I heard E Trade gave everyone about
24% of their requested allocation.
Yeah, Fidelity sucks. Oh god, I also
have Fidelity for a corporate account.
So bad. This app is the worst thing. I
can never transfer money because it
crashes. Then I have to go to the
computer. It's It's ridiculous.
So
yeah, that's the situation. So
it's the Swedish bureaucrats, not the
politicians.
Is like very torn. They have like half
of the politicians or I don't know half
maybe 40% seem pretty reasonable. They
are actually pretty pushy. They are
making progress in the European
Parliament. The Sweden Democrats are
fine. The moderatana maybe not so much.
But the Swedish left wing is
it's a little different from the German
left wing. The German leftwing wants to
literally shoot people. The German there
was they were leaking in the German
parliament the linker they were
discussing they were joking or whatever
or not joking no one knows how they will
execute the top 1% after we shoot them
and then they continue. It's like,
dudes, you're politicians. You're in
parliament. You're saying you want to
shoot the top 1%. Is a little radical in
my opinion. But that was the same party
who actually shot people. They led the
uh communist dictatorship before in East
Germany. So, no surprise. So, in Sweden,
it's a little more civilized, but the
level of delusion of the Swedish Greens
and WA and all these people is shocking.
I think the Swedish left, the social
democrats in Sweden,
they are like the mother ship. They're
like the lab from that all Karens were
born. It's Karen Central. Karen ground
zero. I think Sweden takes the crown for
the ultimate Karen production
location. The Germans are more like they
want to shoot people. Uh which doesn't
happen in Sweden. I don't think the
Swedish left discusses how they shoot
the top 1%. That's very German. Uh but
they are completely delusional. They
scare me a little bit. And the Swedish
alternative and the Swedish right, they
are pretty impressive. They're making a
lot of progress. So unfortunately, the
left is going to win. That's going to
happen there.
So what do we have here?
Restore Great Britain and AFD. Ken.
Yeah, I think everyone thinks the same
thing, but only everyone in our little
bubble here on X and on Pioneer Lands.
But the people out there, it's not so
easy.
Uh, mate says X breaking over 64 million
new immigrants live in Europe. This
means about 14% of the EU's total
population. Usulaf underline Europe is
facing a housing crisis. I read this,
too. Yeah, you can't make this stuff up.
It's unbelievable.
Uh I have massive puts for August,
December against SpaceX.
Uh along with buy orders along the drop
path may
money going down and back up. Yeah, I
collect the game. I like uh short calls
more than long puts because the time is
on my side and I don't think SpaceX can
just pull off a short squeeze or
something. It's just too big. Uh that
would be bad for me.
Joe, when does the convergence happen?
What convergence? There are so many
convergences.
If Tesla runs to 800 and Space X to 65,
I'll probably split my portfolio 5050
between them.
Yes, me too. Any thoughts on Archer? Is
ACR Archer?
I don't even know if that's Archer. Is
it the flight company? Is it the company
of the figure one dude?
The X company? Yes. I have to look into
it, but I'm not a big fan of um what's
his name?
I forgot his name. The figure guy who
actually founded Archer.
Uh Tobias Johansson, I assume Swedish
says, "Swedish left wings are terrible
and are all woke." Yeah, I mean they're
not just woke, they are the inventors of
woke. Social democratana are more
sinister and just seek power without any
agenda. Still, the right can turn it
around.
really
to be you should connect with me on X
because I'm interested in this stuff. I
want more insider information on the
Swedish election. If you know my ex
account, you can DM me. I have some
questions. I want to have insiders tell
me more about the Swedish election
because to me as a beginner outsider, it
looks totally hopeless.
But I mean that's interesting to know
that you have hope.
Uh book Dan says politics is boring and
out of our power at the moment. Well, I
wouldn't say that. What you think about
bioengineering
hacking? I think it will explode in the
2030s. How do we use it for betterment
investing so we profit as for AI?
I lived in LA. I know a lot about
biohacking. Um,
I think you have two extremes that are
both useless. You have the conventional
medical industry. They all suck. They're
completely corrupt. They will never ever
get anything done. And you have the
crazy biohackers who try this in their
basement. They also totally suck and
won't get much done. Brian Johnson and
stuff. But you have a third thing that's
happening that is actually very
interesting. that is independently
funded bioengineering research mostly
from Silicon Valley dudes Google and
other people where you have more
longevity focused deep research very
well funded that is where the money is
the problem with stocks and invest this
is not good for investing
because whatever you pull off on the bio
engineering front will not be paid for
by the conventional medical system the
conventional medical system is a
show a horror show across the entire
planet
So it's very hard to make money with
medicine like really big money because
there is no system. There is no market
for this stuff right now. There's only
market for fraud. So if you would
develop a real drug that extends life,
I'm not saying you can't make money with
it, but it will be a completely new
market that needs to be completely
redefined in its mechanics.
So it is complicated and it will be very
challenging to invest in this kind of
stuff.
But obviously the value you generate is
enormous. So the question is capturing
this value will be very tricky. And in
medicine nothing is what you think.
Financially everything is fraud
in medicine when it comes to finances.
So that is very tricky
but there will be major progress in my
opinion. But it's not a market like oh I
have a great car now I will beat the
competition. That's not how it works.
You know, if you cure cancer, the first
thing is you wouldn't have a market. You
wouldn't have a company. So, it's not
that simple.
Can what if they catch Starship in
August? Bet for short bets. No, I
disagree because
you know we talking about $2 trillion
here. We talking about money and
investing in stocks and we are talking
about massive selling pressure. This
catching Starship doesn't help much.
This is not the big game changer
financially. The big game changer would
be building Colossus 3. That's a big
tactical game changer. Catching Starship
is just one step along the road. You
need to catch Starship. You need to
catch it again and again and again. You
need to develop the AI satellite. You
need to launch the AI satellite. You
need to show you can have significant
capacity in space. You need to then show
people are booking this and paying for
it. None of it which is like a big
problem.
But now we have it's it's show me time.
That's the problem because the valuation
is too high. So it's all show me time
and everyone's like sure catch Saja all
day long. That doesn't mean you you have
money coming in. You know the problem
with the price of SpaceX is they have no
more capacity to drive up the stock
based on hopes. You need cash now at
that valuation. You need cash coming in
at a massive scale. So I don't think any
progress in technology will help them to
get the stock price up from here. It's
too high. What they need is to show
massive improvements of cash flow.
And the only thing that can happen
shortterm is through Colossus 3, which
might happen by the way, but even then
it's really failing the whole thing. So
that's why I'm not too concerned for the
next six months that I have a short
problem.
And then in December, yeah, I would be
very cautious. But I think it it's very
clear to me that the most likely outcome
is SpaceX drops like a stone. People
will panic. People will be very unhappy.
And that will coincide exactly timing
wise with a new bottom when actually all
that stuff becomes real because SpaceX
is extremely real.
Um
um um um.
Wait, now I lost it. I lost the threat.
I lost the threat. Oh, big fan says,
"Come on, Joe. You know what I mean?" I
don't know what you mean. Convergence.
We There's too much convergence in my
brain. So, I don't know which
convergence you mean. Convergence.
No big fan. I really don't know it.
Uh
maybe semicap optimus mega pots and 50%
of terra plenty of upside for me over
the next 10 years. Yes.
If you are looking for no hope, just
look at California.
Yeah, I left California. I have no hope
for California. I mean, it's nice, but
something is fundamentally flawed.
T says Sweden has
has like lots of beautiful tall blonde
girls heritage from Vikings before
immigrants.
Yes, it's true. That is famously true.
Um,
I stopped going to doctors years ago.
Feels great. Yes. Not medical advice,
but I know what you're saying.
I do all my medical preventative stuff
myself because I mean I decide and then
I go there. Uh, Bogdan says I agree. So,
do we pioneer in this domain? What's the
PC internet or AI equivalent of bion
engineering hacking?
I mean, they are there to this is a long
story. Okay, I know this stuff. So,
basically to be healthy, you need to
combine, you know, your lifestyle stuff,
which is very important. It's very, very
important. Your lifestyle stuff with
your preventative medicine stuff. And
you need to be on top of your own
preventive medicine. Don't talk to your
doctor. Your doctor knows unfortunately
nothing. So, you need to comprehensively
screen yourself or have yourself
screened, but you need to just AI it.
Like, how do you get the right imaging
done? How do you get the right blood
test done? You have to do it when you're
40. I would start with 40 and then do it
systematically every five years or so
and then you can reduce your risk of
death very dramatically and the other
thing is lifestyle of course the third
pillar is what you probably mean the
real bioengineering you can't do much
there other than reading up on it
understanding who's doing what research
I have my own theories what's happening
there it's a very big deal I just don't
know how it's getting monetized
because you can't deal with this in the
conventional medical system.
Starship catch accelerates Starling V3
deployments.
Yeah, Ken, but my theory is very simple.
You need cash. You need to have cash
flow coming in. You are basically
saying, "Oh, there will be more hype
when they're making progress. I'm saying
the hype is over. You need to show deals
for Starink V3. How can you have big
deals for Starink if it's not there
yet?" Not Staling, by the way. It's the
AI satellite.
Well, Starink V3 promise. Yeah, but that
you can't move the needle on this stuff.
If you grow it 100%, it doesn't help.
You know, you go from how much do they
make? 18 billion, 11 billion to 22
billion. Who cares? It doesn't do
anything.
Colossus 3 would do a lot. Colossus 3
could get you 100 billion additional
revenue next year. 100 billion. So,
that's very interesting.
Scaling of Cyber Cap drastically ex
exceeds expectations.
Maybe, but not yet.
Elon is capable of pulling rabbits out
of his head and can drive SpaceX up.
Yeah, but it's just, you know, look at
valuations.
I mean, he can't do it with Tesla.
Obviously, you have to understand that
SpaceX is valued much higher than Tesla.
Imagine Tesla would be at 500 right now.
I would be very scared of getting
rackpulled. And you know SpaceX is
effectively at 500 or 550 if you compare
to Tesla. So it can get extremely rugged
because it's also much weaker than Tesla
on the substance right now. So the
rabbit is out of the hat. Sure. But
where is it for Tesla?
So I don't think so.
Whitless says, "I'm pretty new to
investing, but have been holding Tesla
for six years. I don't totally get the
merger, but if SpaceX and Tesla emerges,
why would you buy SpaceX?" Well, it's
all about pricing. You know, I I treat
them as totally separate companies, and
I invest in the company that I think is
has the better deal because if they
merge and you have the better deal, you
have the better deal.
There's no reason to have more than 10
SpaceX stock. There is a reason. I have
10 because I hate to have one in my
portfolio. It just irritates me. So I
have 10 but only for tracking reasons so
I can see the price in real time when I
trade.
So in principle I agree with Daniel. I
just add a zero.
Uh
exactly. Eclectic gamer is completely
right. Very true. But mechanically only
4.2% of the stock is for sale right now.
Only 42.2% of SpaceX stock is float
right now and 95.8%
are not in the market. And they will all
come into the market. Not all, but 60%
of that will come into the market by
November. Let that sink in. All pure
selling pressure. It's not good.
Ken says, "Beware of the medical
industrial complex." Yeah, these people
are the ones that are most likely to
kill you. Of all the risks in your life,
the medical industrial complex is by far
the most likely to kill you. Like it's
not even close to anything.
Uh it all depends on the price ratio,
any type of merger. Exactly.
Any analysis on how Elon has an
overwhelming 85% voting rights? Ask
cany. Yeah, that's very easy to explain.
He has 10x votes, uh, 13 billion shares.
He has 5 billion shares or something.
So, he has 50 billion votes and the rest
has only six billion votes. Uh, so he
has 10x voting shares on SpaceX, which
also means it doesn't it doesn't matter
at what ratio they merge with Tesla, he
will always have overwhelming control
over the new entity.
AI already has been bought off by the
medical industry and has stopped
answering deep medical questions
referring you to a doctor. Ask about
your cancer treatment with parasite
treatments. Yeah, of course. The of
course
uh SpaceX bottoms at 140. I don't know.
I I'm not betting on any specific
bottom.
Peter Mountain asks Joe if SpaceX goes
down to 100 plus minus in November or
December but the merger starts at the
end of August.
This is very complicated questions that
I cannot answer because it all depends.
There are too many unknowns here. If the
merger happens of course all these
prices change
but that's also why I don't agree with
Alexandra that the merger will happen so
early. There's there 10 million problems
with that from a fiduciary and
compliance pro if you don't if you only
have 5% float.
This is all not good.
Bdan says you're 100% right regarding
doctors not knowing I am born
I was a resident radiotherapy decided to
not do medicine while in uni and
switched five years ago and I now I'm a
defs engineer. Very smart. Yeah, I'm
from a medical family. I'm surrounded by
doctors. I know them. Doctors can be
very nice. They can be very smart, but
they have tons of blind spots. And the
problem is also like most doctors are
specialized.
Uh, and then they think they're super
smart because they do their
specialization, but they totally uh like
for example, no one is a preventative
medicine doctor, but preventive medicine
is the key for health. You know, if the
vast majority of deaths are based on
chronic diseases, cardiovascular,
metabolic, cancer, and degenerative
neurogenerative diseases, these four
make up the vast majority of deaths. All
of them can only be fought
preventatively. And that's not a topic
in medicine, which is very, very bad.
So there you have it.
That drop was brutal. Never ending.
Liquidated my 50x position. 50x 50x
sounds a little extreme. Yeah, I also
was forced out of some. Had to roll
around. So very annoying.
Google owns like 10% of Space X.
So Elon plus Google, that's 55% float.
Got a figure. There's another 10 to 25%
locked up. No risk of liquidating. So
there's likely only another 15 to 20% of
free float. No, that's not float. Float
is like what is actually floating like
in the market. So none of them can sell
anything right now. And they're allowed
to sell 60% float. Float doesn't mean
that you're selling it. Float means
you're allowed to sell it.
There's no way Space X doesn't see a
test of 135. Yeah, I I'm not betting on
anything. I'm just I know there's a lot
of downward selling pressure coming.
That doesn't mean it sells off, but it
means there's only pressure to the
downside in my opinion. And there needs
to be massive catalyst to the upside to
withstand that.
No reason to speculate on the Tesla
merger until there is actually a merger,
says Austin for this is my opinion. Yes,
this is too speculative.
Um
here Bdan says but I'm not talking about
longevity that will be solved by current
efforts. I'm talking about enhancements.
What should be enhanced and what not?
I'm totally against enhancements. I
don't like it. I think that's nuts. I'm
for longevity. And longevity
is not well so by current efforts that
would be a big deal. Longevity doesn't
mean you live to 90 and are healthy.
Longevity ultimately means you're not
dying. I don't think we're there.
How do we solve our brain biases feature
or buck? This is all stuff that's easily
manageable right now. That's in your
mind.
That's in your mind. That's the Pioneer
Academy. I hopefully it can launch this
stuff. This is what we are dealing with.
How you train your mind.
Marty party, I would love to see how to
replace my Cyber Truck with a
bulletproof six seat APC in a heartbeat.
Yes.
Oh, we have so many questions today. So,
your guess is that the merger only takes
place next year in Q2. I don't I'm
cautious on this stuff, but I don't I
see it more next year than this year. I
think Alexandra is a little crazy with
her. It's happening in July. Who Who
knows? I'm always listening to what she
says, but I'm not necessarily buying it.
Joe, why not wait until after NAS SpaceX
joins NASDAQ or even better wait until
more shares unlock before you short
position? What you're thinking? Well,
Richie, I'm not shorting it. Very
important. I sold 180 calls short and
not too many. So, I'm fading the
position in. I'm taking my first shot at
shorting that thing because I think they
will have a hard time getting to 180. If
they get to 180, that's good for me.
Then I wait until it tops out and then I
double down. So, my short grows. So,
this is like the equivalent of dry
powder in reverse. So, when I do
shorting, I don't short stocks. I only
short out of the money calls.
GD expression always looks like he has
an upset stomach.
Yes,
I'm 83 says Austin 4. Walking three
miles every day. Health is most
important thing in life. Absolutely. We
have to ask Austin for for tips because
83 is good and walking three miles is
also very very good. Walking is great
and other things, nutrition, everything.
Eclectic Gamer. I don't know if you're
right about this. Merge date must happen
after Elon's unlock date.
I don't know if that's true. If that
would be true, that's another 360 days.
Best guess on when the Roadster
announcement happens? No. I I I quit on
the Roadster. I don't know.
Why buy calls or puts, options instead
of real stock? What's the advantage?
That's a long story. But basically,
you're buying or selling or whatever you
want to do. Uh, a lot of risk buffers
here if you do it right. Options can
options are basically designed to to
engineer risk much better. For example,
look at short calls 180. Uh, in order
for me to lose money on this, SpaceX
would need to go up to 180 and above to
187 by July 24th or something. Okay,
that's a bet I'm much more willing to
take than shorting the stock. So, I lose
money immediately if it goes up from
here. I wouldn't be comfortable with
that. But if it goes all the way if it
runs up all the way to 187 or whenever
my break even point is that's I'm
totally fine with that because I think
that's overshooting and then it allows
me to double down on the short.
So that's how it works. Richie cashew
smart cookie Joe. Thanks. Thank you. Um
stem cells will extend life almost
indefinitely. Well, it's not that
simple.
Sure. Maybe they play a role.
Austin for married to same woman for 65
years. Home-cooked meals avoid fast
foods. Well,
that's very good for you, Austin. But
nowadays, that's not possible anymore.
You can't be married to the same woman
for 65 years because you can only get
married when you're 40 or something.
That's a long story.
But you guys got it better back then in
that respect. That sounds good. Austin
for has a good life, it seems.
Eclectic Gamer 5144.
There are advantages and disadvantages
of options versus stock advantage
massive multiply disadvantage potential
force losses. It's a very long story.
You can use options for leverage. You
can use options for risk engineering.
You options are beautiful but you have
to be cautious and you can do infinite
things with options but you need to
understand them.
Okay guys, this was a long session. We
have to wrap it up now but that was fun
to have you guys on. As always, we are
probably going to be live tomorrow too
because my editor is not in tomorrow.
So, I have to do live and Sunday will
also be live. So many live sessions. I'm
working on a new technology by the way
that we have like news, the most
important news each day or every second
day or also each week and you will find
them on Pioneer Lens. But I can also do
shows on the most important news and we
can engineer them. Let's see how this
goes.
Very good. here. Eclectic Gamer can
explain the options to you.
Awesome. Then thank you guys
and
and uh see you tomorrow.
Happy 4th of July.
Bye-bye.