Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: Tesla Won't Be the Only Robot Winner
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-8l81grdqI
Published:   2026-06-16 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-16 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And so there's a lot of groundwork that
is really important that's going into
the development for these robotics
companies that I think is really going
to pay off years down the road. Yeah, I
think the top humanoid companies are
going to be worth trillions if not tens
of trillions in the future, right? I
think yeah, I think there's going to be
multiple big winners and I think Tesla
and Figure are at the top of the pack.
It's just the same way there's a lot of
really great car companies out there,
right? And they all fit different
segments of the market depending on what
you need as a consumer. Some of them are
ultra luxury, some of them are more
economy, but there's a big market for
all these products. And that's right,
you're going to need a robot for the
home, but not everyone's going to have
the most premium products. Some might
have a maybe semi-premium product.
You're going to need a robot in
hospitals. Some you might need a robot
in an industrial facility. And those
robots could be designed differently.
For the home, you might need something
that's soft and compliant and safe,
whereas in an industrial setting, you
might need something that is more
durable and it can handle more weight,
etc. I think the smartest thing Elon
Musk ever did was deciding for Tesla to
enter the humanoid robot market in 2021.
He entered exactly at the right time
when AI and hardware were finally ready.
In that market, it's massive, estimated
to be a $5 trillion market by 2050, and
we're still at the very early innings.
There's no doubt Tesla will be a winner.
They're aiming to build 1 million
Optimus robots per year by 2030. But
Tesla won't be the only winner. More
than 100 companies are already building
humanoid robots and there are thousands
of players building all forms of
intelligent robots. Markets this large
create many winners. The problem is the
most promising companies figure
electronic and others are still private.
Most investors can't access them. Until
now. Last month, Robo Strategy went
public on NASDAQ under the ticker bot B.
Its goal is to give everyday investors
access to private robotics
opportunities. Today we get a chance to
meet Andrew Kang. Andrew is CEO of Robo
Strategy and built his reputation
running Mechanism Capital before
becoming one of the earliest major
backers of the humanoid robot movement
with a $19 million investment in figure
AI, now valued at 39 billion. We'll also
be joined by Dr. Scott Walter, a
two-time robotics founder who joined
Robbo Strategy and helps vet their
investment opportunities. Welcome,
Andrew. Welcome, Scott.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Good to see you again,
Andrew.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having us, Herbert.
Andrew, I've been wanting to talk to you
because you are one of the very first
people very early who had massive
conviction in this humanoid robot
market. Scott and I will tell you we
remember I don't know what it was at two
years ago in January. He and I started
doing these videos.
The kind of skepticism we had at the
time was never in my lifetime. Not going
to happen. Doesn't make sense. you put
in not only 1 million into figure and
then you said I'm going to put 19
million way back then. What gave you
that confidence at that such early
stage?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it was really a lot of
things. Um I mean one you you think
about how big the market is going to be
for humanoid robotics. I think all of
the the Tesla fans out there understand
that, right? Eventually we're going to
have billions potentially tens of
billions of robots out in the world. And
uh you can do the math, right? We sell
one robot for $50,000.
Uh what if we sell a h 100,000 of those?
It's $5 billion. What if we sell a
million of million of those? It's $50
billion. And so there's a pretty
plausible path where you you know you
scale these up 10 times year-over-year
and you could get eventually get to a
point where a major robot manufacturer
could be generating trillions of dollars
of revenue, which would equate to tens
of trillions of dollars of market cap.
Um, commercializing a humanoid robot
company though is is really really hard.
And so when I made the initial
investment, I really had to make sure
that this was the right team to do it
and that the probability of success was
going to be decently high. Um and the
after doing a lot of research looking
into the background of of Brett the
founder, seeing the success he had had
with his previous companies and the team
that he had brought on from not just uh
Google DeepMind but also from Tesla uh
the company itself uh from Boston
Dynamics, from Apple, really some of the
best roboticists around the world and uh
physical AI experts around the world. it
really seemed like this was one of the
few entrepreneurs and and teams that
were able to be up up for that
challenge. Um, and you know, as as
always, it's it's better to invest
earlier than later. Uh, when I initially
invested, most most of the venture
capital colleagues I I talked to, uh,
you know, they they weren't so
optimistic on the robotic space.
Previously, the space hadn't produced a
lot of venture scale outcomes. And so,
because of that, there was a lot of
hesitancy to invest. But I think when
there's a lot of fear, you know, it's
not always the best time to invest, but
sometimes it provides a pretty good
price. And and and so even though at the
time figure was worth $2.6 billion uh
post money, we saw the opportunity to be
in the trillions. And and so there was a
tremendous amount of upside still
available if they were able to execute.
And uh you know, that was that was one
of of many reasons why we made the bet.
I'm happy to kind of go more into
detail.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do that. But uh to to set
the stage a little bit um I remember
those days and uh you know human or
robot comes in Elon says you know it's
time it's you have to have the right
actuators you have to have AI. Uh just
for disclosure uh Scott and I I think
we've always have told people that we
are such believers in human or robot
companies. So early on we ourselves are
investors in multiple humanoid robot
companies and you know and and the only
company that if you're if you're an
investor out there the only one you can
really invest in is the only public
company is Tesla. And clearly Tesla's
going to win um because of their
manufacturing chops and their AI chops
and so forth. But there's this is such a
huge market. We think that we should
invest to as many but regular retail
couldn't invest. But before we talk
about that, uh Scott, can you just give
us a lay of the land of what's happening
today from where it was before where we
are today? What's new information you
can share right now?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, glad to do that, but you
know, first what I want to do is I think
you said that, you know, Elon started,
you know, to ride the wave or catch
catch the wave in 2020 of the humanoids
because he saw the convergence. Really
should give him a bit more credit. He
more or less created the wave. So yes,
there was like this convergence of
technology that made it possible. Then
uh for the same reason that the
smartphone didn't come out in 2000, it
came around in 2008 because a
convergence of technologies, but you
still had Steve Jobs was like the thing
that kind of brought it all together
that allowed it to happen. And you know,
the humanit didn't start in 2020. They
they've been going on for a while with
little projects here and there. And you
know, robotics in general goes back to
like 1961 when the first industrial
robot is. But the thing is that they're
very kind of separate and the people who
are working in the humanoid spe were
always considered a little bit cookie.
So it was very hard to really get any uh
excitement to invest in there. You know
some people were getting pumped up about
Boston dynamics. But even then a lot of
people were just saying ah that's never
going to happen this Jetson's thing. You
know maybe that happened in my my
grandchildren's lifetime but it's not
going to happen in mine. But Elon did
see the convergence and he certainly
popularized it at that point. you were
no longer considered kooky if you were
talking about humanoids. It really
seemed like it was feasible and as a
result it really allowed the space to
open up and not just for capital to come
in there but it also meant that if you
were a robotic engineer you could pivot
and actually go into there and you would
be respected by your colleagues for
being able to do that. And so let's say
that moment kind of allowed me to
finally say, "Oh, okay. I'm no longer
playing with the industrial robots, but
you know, really going into something
was always a passion of anyone who's
been a roboticist." And that is to
someday have humanoids that are general
purpose that'll eventually make in their
homes. And I believe that that's that's
going to happen. So that's kind of
answering I think a little bit of your
question is that part of it is like this
convergence that was missing all along.
But the other part of it is the
excitement, the fact that we have so
many people interested in the problem of
solving it. People going to school to
learn about robotics, pumped up about
the idea, everyone wanting to be able to
startup. And the more and more you have
of that, the more likely you're going to
start seeing success. And we're right
now at the point that we're going to
start seeing the earliest
um adoption or let's say deployments
going on that are going to be able to
show people that it's not just cool
videos, but we are really getting the
point that the deployment phase is
beginning this year and then next year
is when you're going to start to see a
bit more and there's going to be pretty
obvious is happening and then each year
after that it's going to be more and
more clear and that that by 2030
everyone's going to know that yeah,
humanoids are here. Uh, I don't know if
you know, Andrew, but Scott and I have
done
130 plus shows for two, three years on
robots at this point. And the number one
question I keep getting from folks, I
think people are now convinced now that,
okay, human robots is a real thing. It
took that long for them to understand
this. And they're watching all these
demos from China, every bot demo, demo,
demo, and they're believing it now.
They're moving that direction. problem
is um many of them are just demos and
you don't know which is real. So what is
your like you you have I think if it's
correct you have your vision is two
things you're providing right is one is
access to private these these really hot
ones and then you guys do the vetting to
make sure that it's not just a fancy
demo.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct. And by the way,
Herbert, uh, two, three years ago when I
was initially doing research on the
humanoid robotics space, I watched the
the show with with you and Scott in it,
&gt;&gt; the first one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it was one of the ways that I, you
know, initially got to know about Scott
and and connected with them. Um, but
going back to your question is, you
know, how do you know what's real and
what's fake? Is that that's the thing,
right, with a lot of these robotics
companies, they can have a robot try a
task maybe to, you know, package uh an
item and they could try 100 times and
they'll take a video of the just the
best try out of a hundred and that's the
one that they show online. And so you
really need to be able to weed out um
you know like what is just a
cherrypicked clip versus you know what
is a robot that is able to do tasks in
the real world autonomously and doesn't
need a human to fix it or to maintain it
you know every few hours right like
these things are these robots are only
useful if they don't really have much
human uh support at all um and so it
means you have to go out to the facility
You have to see the robots in action.
You have to play around with the robots.
You got to try to mess around with them.
See what happens if you block their
field of vision. See what happens if you
move items around. Um only then can you
can you tell if these robots are able to
work in the real world because the real
world is really messy. Uh this the
environment changes all the time. you
don't always have, you know, the the
items that you're working with in the
same place and you might have to work
with different instructions and and so
that is the beauty of robotics, right?
Is that or this new vision of robotics
is that they can adapt like humans can
and so when we do the dil due diligence,
we need to make sure that these robots
are really adapting and they're really
working without uh any human support.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll just kind of
follow up on that is that you know we're
we're kind of fortunate that we don't
just have to to look at people's videos
that we are invited to go on site and go
out there and it's usually a lot of fun
and andrew has just he has read so many
papers on machine learning and how AI
works and you know exactly what causes
these models to break and and we'll go
out there and they'll be showing us like
a perfectly working model and will go
over and it'll just change one thing and
then suddenly you know it breaks. He's
he's really good at at being able to go
out and help us in those kind of
situations of knowing that we know
there's there's a certain distribution
that everyone's training in and
sometimes they have their own blinders
on because they think that's how the
problem is going to be and a lot of
times it takes someone from the outside
to say but have you considered this and
then immediately you see what's wrong
and what's been interesting is that a
lot of the companies we've done that
sometimes have been very quick to be
able to actually fix that problem. So,
uh, it has helped us to really be able
to tell, are we just seeing a demo or
are we actually seeing a team that is
able to react really quickly when they
start to see something that's a little
bit out of a distribution's not working
right, what is they can do to correct.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. You guys have get get in. And of
course, you got Scott Walter. Um, Andrew
is like human or robots, I think, is the
way Elon positions it as being the
biggest market ever figure as a human or
robot.
you know that that's that gets all the
sexy stuff going on. But I I've been
telling my audience for so long at this
point. I guarantee you Tesla is going to
do many different form factors. Anything
that you that that can move with wheels
or whatever. It doesn't even have to
move. It can be anything that you put a
a chip on it and you put a camera on it,
it's going to become intelligent and
they will sell it. If you listen to
Elon, he has always says C3PO and RTD.
R2-D2.
Scott's title is what is it? Robotics.
&gt;&gt; Robotics research diligence director.
R2-D2 at Rob.
&gt;&gt; So weird, man. I would have gone with
chief diligence officer, but you want to
be R2-D2.
Um, but so you know, but it sounds like
your your uh philosophy and vision as
well, Andrew, is not just human or
robots. We're we're we're investing in
everything that is adjacent to the
robotics vertical. So it could be
humanoid robots and that's a big part of
our portfolio because we really think
that is one of the biggest opportunities
is something that is truly general
purpose. Uh if you look at the biggest
companies in the world, right, Apple and
Nvidia, they make general purpose
devices. For Apple, it's your it's your,
you know, smartphone, your iPhone, and
for Nvidia, right? It's the GPU.
And for all of these uh devices, right,
there's also the application specific
alternative. Uh but at the end of the
day, for general purpose devices,
because they're so adaptable and because
you can do so many things with them, you
can make them in such large quantities
that they become really affordable. And
when they become more affordable, then
well, it opens the market up to more
people. and and so you know humanoids is
something I would say is what we're the
we're the most excited about but there
are also other categories that are very
very exciting and we believe are big
opportunities as well one example is
industrial arms and cobots right
industrial arms they've been around for
a long long time uh I think one of the
things that has really maybe hindered
their adoption to the scale of what they
could be in the scale of you know
hundreds millions or billions is the
fact that traditional programming at
Scott knows very well has been very
cumbersome, very expensive, takes a very
long time. But as these physical AI
models get better, these robots, they
can do more things. They're more
adaptable. The time to teach them or
program them becomes very, very short.
And and so I think with that change in
mind in the future, you're going to see
a huge proliferation of these industrial
arms and cobots. And you know, if you
think about them compared to humanoids,
they're very similar in the sense that
they can also be general purpose. The
difference is they just can't move
around because they don't have legs. But
when we think about all these uh you
know tasks and all the things that you
would need to do in a factory setting or
in other settings right even in you know
hospitality or FND a lot of tasks you
just stay in the same place you don't
really need to be moving around it's
stationary you're doing the same thing
over and over and over and that could be
machine tending that could be things
like packaging that could be palletizing
etc. And so there's a huge market for
industrial arms and America, right? We
want to bring manufacturing back to
America. We want to re-industrialize.
And if we want to do that, we're going
to need a lot of industrial arms and
cobots. And so that's just one example.
We're also investing up and down the
supply chain. There's some really
interesting actuator companies that
we've been looking at recently, some
really interesting battery companies
that we're looking at as well. And you
know, these are all kind of components
that make up the robot that we believe
can be very important and potentially
large companies in the future.
&gt;&gt; One of my favorite episodes, one of the
episodes that had the most views was
Scott uh teaching us, remember Scott,
you showed us Giga Shanghai and you
would showed a video because there they
allowed a newscaster go in there and
Scott goes, "That job can be replaced.
That job can be replaced." And then he
showed us that some jobs you would use a
an ar a hand and arm and some jobs you
want robots with wheels and some jobs
you want a humanoid and you can pinpoint
exactly which role requires which one
and that was very well explained. Um so
the number one question I get from all
my audience members always is how do I
invest in robotics? uh because Tesla's
the only public one at this point and if
I want to invest in the private ones uh
luckily you know Scott and I were able
to do this because we uh we were people
reached out to us through this SPVS but
it's very hard for a regular investor to
do this and then if you do you want to
pick the ones that are the hottest you
know the ones who had the greatest
chance how does robo strategy how do you
guys get what you call what it's called
access right when when a new hot company
comes
they will pick and choose who gets to
invest. You guys are often one of the
first, not only at least there you don't
want to be like the 10th one in. How
does that happen and why you
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean as as I mentioned earlier
when we first initially started
investing in in in robotics, you know,
two to three years ago, I asked my
friends or, you know, our network in the
in the venture capital industry, should
we invest in this space? And they all
told us no because it hadn't produced
winners. And so, you know, we saw that
as basically an opportunity to create
one of the first robotic specific
investment firms. Um, and throughout
that process, we've gotten to know a lot
of really amazing founders, engineers,
researchers, etc. And we we've built
this network within the robotics
community. And, you know, we've gotten
to build a little bit of a brand as well
as investors that are really focused on
the space. Uh, they know their stuff. uh
both from a commercial perspective also
from an engineering and also from a
research perspective and you know while
building this firm it's also important
for us to be as they call it very value
ad uh to the companies that we invest in
in support and so that could be from a
marketing angle that could be from
referring talent to them or introducing
uh in other investors and and so um you
know building the firm over the last two
years we've been able to build a little
bit of a track record for ourselves as
being uh good investors in the space and
it's something that we're we're going to
be able to continue to do in in the
future. And so, you know, in terms of
how the access comes to us, that could
come from other founders that have, you
know, we've had a work relationship
from. It could come from just cold
inbounds. We get cold inbounds every
single day from people messaging us on X
or LinkedIn or other venues and also,
you know, other robotics investors in
the community. It's a very what I would
consider a tight-knit or small
investment community. And so we're also
talking to other investors that share
our views and um you know also believe
in the industry growth and um you know
we we collaborate and and um introduce
each other to other companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then Scott, you uh now that
you're working for Robbo Strategy, you
get to go fly in and check out all these
factories. You get invited to do watch
the demos. What are you seeing now in
the market? uh anything that's very
exciting or something you discovered
like are are actuators ready now what or
you know where are we in this
&gt;&gt; yeah they're getting better and let's
say um there's a lot of people out there
that are kind of rethinking how to solve
some of these problems um so you know
actuators I think they are not a solid
problem yet but we're getting very close
to it being there's kind of two problems
with the actuators is is one are they
able to produce you know the torque
density that you need so that's a little
bit of a design problem there. But the
other thing we we've always also heard
about is like, well, how do we
massproduce these things because right
now it's a very very slow process. Well,
we're seeing a lot of companies that are
really coming together to try to solve
that particular problem. So when it
comes time to scale, I believe we'll be
able to do that. All the pieces will
kind of come together. Um, so that's
that's very encouraging. But what I
think is the most encouraging is the
fact that we have gone from the fact
that humanoids talking about humanoids
was kind of a stigma. It's like oh you
don't want to talk talk about that to
now you kind of have you you're talking
about it but you think well maybe it's
just us. They're not going to be
laughing at us anymore. But the reality
is they all want to start testing. They
all want to be buying. I keep on hearing
from people. It's like they're no longer
saying how do I invest in these
companies. It's like how can I get my
hands in humanoid? Can you just tell me
anyone that we need to get them in to
start testing? And these are from like
Fortune 500 companies all the way down
to small companies you don't know of. So
a lot of them are figuring out how to
put it in there. It means like that's
really real. And it's not just like in
the US, it's also abroad in Europe and
everywhere else in a lot of countries
where you think they would be so
conservative they wouldn't be doing it.
So there's that incredible interest uh
to be able to move in that direction. So
um that that's telling me that this is
for real. Things are going to move. the
problems are going to get solved and
that the other thing is that you are
also seeing a lot of companies willing
to pick up the slack as far as the
supply chain. So before you might you
know a lot of them are in the auto
automotive space right now so they
already know how to scale complex kind
of things and in the past if you kind of
approach them about this they would be
like no I'm not interested are you
kidding now it's like hey how how do we
get that business they they're going out
and they're trying really hard to
compete for the business amongst all of
them. So those are like the very
positive bullish signs that I see that
everything you hear is for real because
you know it felt a little bit different
five years ago and and one of my
favorite quotes from Arthur C. Clark was
like the space elevator will um will be
will be invented pretty much 50 years
after everyone stops laughing. And it's
it's sort of the same thing with with
the humanoid bots is that you know
basically the humanoids will be deployed
five years after everyone stops
laughing. And I think everyone has kind
of stopped laughing right now and they
aren't taking it serious.
&gt;&gt; Can you guys like I'll give you a fun
exercise. One is can you name a company
that you invested in and why can you
name a company you had looked at and
decided not to? And then maybe you can
explain if you are looking at the
Chinese. It seems to me that it's Tesla,
Figure, Electronic, and then there's all
these Chinese that many people think is
actually way ahead in some cases, which
of course got to look at a closer eye.
You want to you guys want to try that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think Andrew can answer the
the question about, you know, which um
which companies we can invest in. Um the
question of chi of Chinese bots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess um you know, China and US
is always a is is is a pretty frequently
asked question. uh you see a lot of
videos of Chinese robots and you know
especially the unitary robots right and
I would say most of the time it's it's
for entertainment purposes uh you know
it's somebody controlling them with with
a remote control uh they're dancing
around but for the most part they're not
really doing real real work and that's
kind of the difference between the
American companies and the Chinese
companies is the Chinese companies
they're more so building a platform uh
for people to build on do research on
develop their own applications and the
American companies eventually are going
to be uh following a similar strategy
where the robot acts as as a bit of a
platform but in the short term I would
say over the next few years they're
really not looking to commercialize
their robot uh unless it's for a
specific application for a specific use
case like you know within uh the factory
or or eventually for for the home and
they want that robot to be perfect when
they actually bring it out and sell it.
Um but in terms of you know the industry
and where where both the industries are
going in each respective country I think
both of them are going to be great.
They're both going to be very massive
industries independently. Uh with China
right you've had a lot of government
support a lot of government funding
going into the industry over the last
three years which is why it's really
kind of gone so big. You have hundreds
of robotics companies that are now out
there. Um and I think eventually the
robots are going to be very good. The
thing is when you look at Chinese
companies, I think you have to
understand that uh great technological
proc uh progress doesn't always
correlate with uh you know large market
cap growth or large investment return.
And uh you know as investors that's kind
of what we're mostly concerned about is
you know how large is the actual
opportunity? Can this become something
Tesla scale or or Apple scale? And
China, for example, they produce really
great electric vehicles, cars. They
produce great phones now. But you look
at the biggest phone company, the
biggest car company, right? It's it's
it's Tesla and Apple. And why? Well, why
is that? Is because these companies,
they can charge or they can produce the
highest margins because they produce a
very premium product. Where you look at
the Chinese market, they can also
produce a premium product. But if you
have say 20 companies competing with
each other, the margins really get
squeezed down to the bone. And if you
look at BYD, they sell more cars than
Tesla, but their market cap is something
like 5% of Tesla's market cap. And so I
think a similar thing is going to
probably play out with the robotic space
where you're going to have a lot of
great technological innovation. Uh it's
going to really benefit society. it's
these robots are going to become really
affordable in China and wherever else
they sell to, but it's not going to
produce, you know, an Apple or Tesla
size outcome. Uh, and for America, you
don't have as many companies out there,
but they can still produce really great
uh products. And because there's lower
competition, it also means as an
investor, we see a little bit lower risk
from somebody that can come out of
nowhere and and really take over. uh and
so it is a little bit more attractive to
us from an investment point of view. And
then when you think about well what if
Chinese robots enter America? That is
something we think is is really not
going to happen in in scale. You look at
what happened with Chinese EVs. We don't
really have them in America. And you
look at why well the Biden
administration they put a 100% tariff on
Chinese EVs. And it's very likely if you
look at some of the current bills that
are being pushed through Congress that a
similar thing is going to happen for uh
Chinese robots. Another aspect is
there's a little bit of a national
security concern uh where you look at
Chinese EVs. Another reason why they're
not prevalent in America is because um
the FTC put a ban on cars from foreign
countries with uh you know foreign
software and foreign telecommunication
devices which Chinese robots would would
be have a lot of right you know they'd
be able to see and hear everything where
uh where they're deployed into whether
it be homes or or companies and that
that is a bit of a concern for the
American government. And so I think the
American government if they want the the
domestic robotics industry to succeed,
they're they're probably going to
prioritize and create legislation to
empower American robotics companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. Everything you said very
wholeheartedly.
So um people can go to NASDAQ, they can
buy bot B robot strategy and you got a
basket of all sorts of different kind of
robot uh companies in there. There are
most of them private almost all of them
private and uh a chronic figure are your
you know some of them and there's
others. Would you guys invest like I
think the third or fourth one I keep
hearing about is Boston Dynamic owned by
Hyundai. Uh I don't agree but many
people are going they think that they're
third. What do you guys think about
them? would you invest in them?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. First you have to remember
the whole idea behind bot is that we are
investing in private companies. So it's
not to go out and create an ETF. So
we're not an ETF in the sense that you
know we're not buying public companies.
Uh if we were to invest in Chinese
companies that becomes very complicated
because it's very difficult to invest in
private capital in China. It could be
possible once they go public but then
again it's like you can just buy it
yourself. So why we want to put in
there? So we are really focusing on just
the the private market at first. We also
aren't we're really looking at physical
intelligence. So that can run the whole
gamut of course from just getting the
full vertical of a humanoid to uh other
robotic companies that are innovating in
a way that makes things very very
interesting. And so that's what we're
trying to do with with this whole
basket. And then you know look at
sometimes picks and shovels that are
going to be going in there. Um, one of
my favorite companies is uh that that
we've invested in is Path Robotics. And
um, they don't actually build a robot.
They're using Motorman arms. Um, but
what they've done is they've added the
secret sauce to make their application
work. And this is for arc welding. And
arc welding is one of the largest
applications for industrial robots. But
it's really, really hard because it's
not just getting the robot to move along
the path correctly. It's also getting
your process parameters right. That's
very very difficult. And this is exactly
what Path Robotics has done is they've
got like a decade of data that they've
been collecting and figuring out exactly
what they have to do so that when you
turn that arc on, it actually gives you
the seam that you want. So that's really
what they've been able to add to and
that's why we're excited about it
because there's a going to be a shortage
of of welders. Um it's just happening.
You know, there already is like a
shortage of them. It's only going to get
worse over time. So that's one of those
companies can kind of go in there and
it's really this physical intelligence
and that's why we're excited. The other
is that this past week there was another
announcement of the closing of of series
C with uh standard bots and um that was
uh uh we were we led that round. We're
excited about them because uh they are
bringing the actual construction of
robot arms back to America. So back in
1961,
the first industrial arm was a Unimation
arm. It was made in America and then
at one point we didn't have any robots
being built in America anymore. And so
standard is bringing that back. So it's
either been Japanese or German or
Swedish.
&gt;&gt; Um and you know and now of recent years
also uh China because they've been also
building a lot of arms themselves. So uh
we're bringing that back to America
which is why we're very happy to work
with Standard Bots. they we believe they
really are leader in this area no doubt
about it and um I think you know just to
go to the other question we are looking
at a lot of companies uh that's what our
job is we cannot discuss or disclose
anything about them you know course
&gt;&gt; uh the other thing is that you know some
companies we have passed on but we
really don't want to say because I think
it's kind of unfair to them because
every one of those companies that we
look at when we start looking at them in
detail is because there's something
there and we think they they are really
good and And there can be many reasons.
Sometimes it's just like a timing. You
know, it's like they closed before we
were ready because everyone has, you
know, there are different kind of
calendars and schedules when capital
races have. And whenever there's a
situation that we decide that we have to
pass at a company, you know, the first
thing I put down there and the last
thing I write is like prove us wrong,
you know. So that's I feel about is
&gt;&gt; I didn't really want you to name names.
I just wanted you to walk me through
your thinking. That's right. But a lot
of times it's not because there's
anything wrong with the company or the
people or something like that. Sometimes
there's just a few things. And the other
thing is like there are other companies
also bidding for them,
&gt;&gt; you know, and so someone else puts on a
term sheet, they get better terms than
us. And so it's like, oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to pick the winners that
you want to do. Um, can I ask you then,
Andrew, just uh, you know, you you
launched BT bought on NASA.
Congratulations. That what a huge
excitement that must have been for you
last month. And then there are some
people who make comments. They will say,
you know, that yeah, it's interesting.
I've always wanted to invest into
private companies. Here's now a new way
for me to do it, but the management's
fees is too high. 2.5%. Is that right?
What's your response to that?
&gt;&gt; That's correct. It's a 2.5% management
fee. And I think you have to understand
that uh there's a lot of costs and time
and effort that goes into our process.
Uh it's not like, you know, we just kind
of picked this off of the public stock
market. Uh we have a full investment
team. That's not just me and Scott,
right? We also have Jack Walter on the
team, Roland, Mark, and we're continuing
to expand in hiring other robotics
founders and veterans, right? Because
there's a lot that goes into it. We're
we're one, we're looking there, Andrew.
I think you said Jack Walter, you met
Jack Pearson. Jack sometimes they call
him Mini Scott. So I think that's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Mini Scott is is our internal name
for for Jack.
&gt;&gt; Um, but right, we're we're going out and
we're not just hearing the founder
stories, but we're going out to their
facilities. We're seeing if these robots
actually work or not. We're
investigating their manufacturing
process. We're talking to, you know,
their supply chain vendors
independently, doing our diligence,
seeing if, you know, their claims around
their orders are actually true or not.
We're going out and we're talking to
their customers. uh you know, some
referred by the company, but some we're
finding through, you know, external um
what you'd call uh professional
networks. Uh and we're seeing like, hey,
when you're using these robots out in
the field, how how are they actually
performing? Are there any issues with
them? How would you rate them against
their competitors? Uh we're going out
and we're, you know, diligencing the
entire leadership team. Are these people
with a track record of success? Have
they had any issues in in the past? And
we're, you know, there is probably, you
know, hundreds of hours of work that
goes into each individual investment.
And it takes a lot of um, you know,
effort and capital on our side to do so.
And, you know, we're not just building
the investment team, but we're building
a policy team, a research team. We
recently hired Bill Hughes, who was a
big uh, mover and shaker out in in DC
and uh, influencing a lot of um, policy
out there. he previously was heading of
a 250 person team at the executive
office at the White House. Um, and you
know, America, we don't have a national
robotic strategy yet, but I think it's a
very good idea that we should have one.
And, you know, we're really trying to
put our best effort in to help bring the
insight and the, you know, the leaders
from the best robotics companies to the
table to be able to, you know, influence
domestic policy in a very positive way
so the industry can grow. So there's a
lot that uh the one the fee goes to but
then you look compared to a traditional
venture capital fund they charge 2%
management fee and a 20% performance fee
and so you know you do the math on if an
investment through a venture capital
fund what happens it goes 10x versus
through robo strategy you know I think
you might be able to see that maybe that
fee is not so high imagine if for
example you know you invested in a fund
that held SpaceX 10 years ago and they
charge a 2.5% management fee and um you
know well I guess you can do your math
yourself on whether you would think it's
worth it or not versus the alter
&gt;&gt; well most of them are SPVS and if
they're SPVS they take a 20% cut not
just the management fee
&gt;&gt; yeah let's talk about that 20% cut for
for a while that's like a capital gains
tax so in other words you pay a capital
gains tax before you pay the actual
capital gains tax on top of that so it
yeah that can be a pretty hefty
&gt;&gt; but it's worth it because it's early.
You're making a bet on
&gt;&gt; because it's because it's early.
&gt;&gt; It's early and it's going to jump high.
So, you're going to go, "Okay, fine. I'm
going to make a bet." And, you know, I I
hate investing in SPVS. Honestly, I'm
telling you, cuz like that 20% cut, it's
a little it's painful. And so, not
having to pay that uh but going through
this is is, you know, the 2.5% is higher
than the 2% management fee. That's
great. Can you explain um the NAV? So,
net asset value premium. So you have a
fund, you buy all these private
companies, there's a value. I mean, and
unfortunately that value is private. So
it's not a public market. So you, you
know, it's like it it's it's what the
mark what the last fund investment
valued it at. And so you don't know if
it's high or if it's low. But then on
top of that, the stock price for bot
could go up, could go down, it can go
up. And then how do how would an
investor look at that and go, okay,
that's a fair price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, that that that is
something that is uh definitely comes up
a lot. And what for to understand NAV
correctly I think is really important
because it it it is a little bit uh
subjective in the sense that we have a
framework for for marking NAV and that
is based on the last round valuation
uh and that is based on the last round
valuation and then we add a period right
where we have to do our admin and audit
process that could add a few weeks could
add a month sometimes a little bit more
and so there is a little bit of a lag
sometimes when NAV is reported compared
to you know what the company itself
might have done its last round at
another way to think about it is private
markets and public markets have a
different subset of investors in them
and sometimes those subset of investors
value assets differently and so an
example I like to give is if you took uh
say a tech worker or a factory worker
from China and you place them in America
uh and they might be paid four times
more, five times more even if they had
the same skill set. And that's the thing
with private markets is that you have a
completely different supply and demand
dynamic where the subset of buyers,
right, demand is this small community of
venture capitalists and you know their
network that might invest in these SPVS
compared to the public markets which is
almost everybody in in the world. And so
it's a much much larger universe. And
oftent times, right, you see when
companies go public, their valuations
are higher. And this is this is not too
different from I guess what you would
see from the whole private e equity
industry complex where there are
companies out there, public companies.
Their whole business model is predicated
on acquiring private companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And not taking them public, but
sometimes taking them public, but just
adding them to their balance sheet.
Right. The public companies themselves
they could be trading at say a 15 to 40x
earnings multiple and in the same
category private companies in the same
vertical could be trading at a 3 to8x
and so that company they could say spend
$100 million to acquire that private
company and as soon as added to the
balance sheet now that's worth 400
billion sorry 400 million based on those
cash flows and so this is like something
that you have to maybe consider it's a
little bit hard to conceptualize but
private markets and public markets, they
have a little bit of a different pricing
mechanism and and we're bridging that
gap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. And and uh can you explain
this uh two billion equity facility? So
right after you launched then you made
an announcement that there's I guess you
have a partnership and that you have
access to $2 billion then that you can
do that to buy more uh robot companies.
Buy buy invest more and not buy more but
invest more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To explain that that that is not
um you know a credit line. we're not
taking leverage on that $2 billion. So,
what that means to us is we can
essentially raise more capital by
issuing new shares and Roth, our capital
partner, right? They would facilitate
that process for us. We're not going to
be issuing $2 billion of shares, you
know, in one day or even one month.
We're going to look to do it in a way
that is value accreative to
shareholders. Right? A lot of people
they see a big dilution number and of
course if dilution and share issuance is
not managed well and the proceeds of
share issuance and capital raises are
not me uh managed well then it could be
bad for a company. On the other hand,
companies can raise cash by issuing more
equity and reinvest that and generate a
return that is good for shareholders and
that that is our our intention. We we
don't want to sell stock to to really
negatively affect the share price. We're
only doing it in a way where we you know
if the value of the stock is above the
NAV it is accreative to shareholders
because you know we take basically the
public market cost of capital and the
public market prices and and um you know
we take that and put it into the private
markets at the private market prices
which which are lower and in that way
benefit shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the whole game isn't it?
that you guys are looking for these hot
private robot companies. You want to be
chosen first, get there, you vet it and
then you go, "Okay, I like it. Now you
need to have money to invest." Uh then
you invest in it and then it likely
should hopefully go up. Some will be
losers, many will be losers, but many
could be huge winners. That's the whole
point. And then when they go big, um
that's what you you need the money to
invest and that's what this is. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, Scott. So, you know, what is the
latest uh that you're most excited about
in the robotics industry?
&gt;&gt; I wish I could say
uh we're excited uh about a lot of
developments out there, a lot of new
companies. Um I guess you just have to
stay
&gt;&gt; You're not going to share it. Okay.
Gotcha. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I think we should we should talk
about Bigger. Um, if we're talking about
one company, I I don't know how much you
guys have talked about it on previous
episodes, but I mean, one of the reasons
I I really like them outside of, you
know, their competency in manufacturing
and hardware design and, you know,
physical AI development is they have a
very unique taste. Um, and you can see
this by the videos that they put out
that they're creating this this image,
right? They're designing the robot so it
feels like a premium product. It's
something that you want in your home.
And if you know you had visitors in your
home, you'd be proud that hey, look, I
own I own a figure. In the same way that
you'd want to own, you know, an iPhone
versus, you know, maybe like a cheap
generic alternative. Uh, and people
people are willing to pay for that that
premium experience because they know
it's reliable. Not just it looks good,
but it's reliable. And when I open the
box, right, the Apple box, it's like
this is really welldesigned. There's
been a lot of thought put into it. And
um this is one of the few robotics
companies out there that I feel like
really embodies that Apple spirit. And
so, you know, I I I like to call them
this like the Apple of our of our
generation. Um you know, they still have
a lot of work to do. They still got to
pull it off, but it's very few companies
out there that I I feel like that
attention of detail to product and and
design is is really embodied by by the
team. Um, and so, you know, if I want a
robot, right, to take care of my
parents, for example, like I I would
want to buy them the most premium
product, I wouldn't want to, you know,
rely on some, you know, a comp, you
know, a generic product that might not
have every single detail thought
through, right? Because if their design
is is off, right? Like, well, what do I
expect from its reliability?
if it's, you know, doing things around
the house, like do I want to risk it
falling apart or, you know, breaking
things or right because these things,
these robots can be dangerous if if if
they don't work well. So, I want to make
sure it's reliable and it works
perfectly.
&gt;&gt; So, three of us are all investors in
Figure and now people if you want to,
you can invest in BT to get access to
that as well because they're still a
private company. Um, but Scott, how are
they doing in terms of manufacturing?
So, I agree with you completely, Andrew,
that you know, you know, you see all
these bots from China and they're not
they don't they're first of all, they're
tiny like they're three feet tall.
People think that they're really big or
something like that. They're tiny or
they're just clunky and they clearly are
there for demo purposes, not for real,
you know, real working. Where are they
though? The the the number one most
important thing of there's three, right?
Isn't it? Intelligence,
hands, and manufacturing.
&gt;&gt; Where are they with
&gt;&gt; scale? So, um, they've been working on
on that quite diligently and as we've
seen since January they've been ramping
up in each month they've been able to
increase their numbers more and more and
I believe uh last month it was about 250
bots uh that were produced. So, I think
they're getting pretty close to like one
bot every 30 minutes something like
that. So, um, that's impressive. And
what that means is that by the the end
of the year, we're going to be talking
with the produce thousands of of bots.
This that's for figure three. Um, but
Brett has already announced the that
figure four, the design has been locked
on that and they're getting ready for
that. So my overall feeling is that the
the right way you do something is that
if you get this next generation coming
out, you don't take the previous one and
scale it up to like hundreds of
thousands of bots unnecessarily when
you've got another one that's like so
close behind. And they are learning
everything that they need to right now
about how do you scale up? So they're
already setting up bot Q. They're
getting their manufacturing processes
together. They're working with their
supply chain. They're finding out what
the kinks are in the supply chain, what
they've got to kind of work out and get
that better. So when it gets ready for
the next generation one, they're not
starting from scratch. They already know
what's going on. There's probably going
to be a lot of very similar components
that going to be going in there. So um
they are definitely well positioned to
be able to take care of the scaling
problem. Now we've seen that in China,
they've also been able to scale rather
large numbers, which sound pretty
impressive. So I think did about 5,000
last year and everyone's talking about,
you know, maybe to have similar numbers
this year, you know, maybe the order of
10,000. But the way they're doing it is
um not a way that I would say is really
long-term scalable because the bots are
all the components are being made from
aluminum billets that are just being
machined in CNC machines. And we know
this because I was at Monroe and
Associates about a week and a half ago
and there's going to be a podcast coming
out about that where it was very clear
that everything that makes up the unitry
bot all the the entire skeleton that you
look at that thing you can go yep that
whole thing was machined in a CNC
machine. And
&gt;&gt; they are able to do that in China
because they literally have football
fields just full of CNC machines. And
what that does allows you get to a scale
of about a thousand and then suddenly
you hit a dead end. And what you have to
start think about is if we're going to
go an order of magnitude above that, you
start to need these other production
techniques, which means you start going
more to casting and stamping stuff like
that. Well, we've already seen that
figure start to do the the casting a lot
of the components because when we
visited there for figure two, which is
like a very very early prototype, they
were doing exactly that. And we joke
that um the the one thing that Figure
produces more than anything else is
aluminum chips. and they get literally
like 95% of the aluminum that comes in
the door ends up exiting the door a few
weeks later as everything gets processed
down to get everything. So that's what
you can do like an early prototyping
phase, but you don't try to do that to
take it to full scale. And so this is
where I think you're going to be seeing,
you know, both figure and Tesla and
others that are thinking of scaling are
thinking more on that because um we
can't rely on this idea of football
fields full of CNC machines. That's only
for prototyping. And so that might be
something that actually is like to a
detriment of China is they think, well,
we could just crank it up a little bit
more, right? It's like, well, you
squeeze a bit more, but that order of
magnitude is going to require a
completely different process.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's going to be a lot of
growing pains, right? When scaling up
manufacturing, one of the things that we
hear constantly is that uh when when
these companies are getting the
actuators in from from their suppliers,
there's a huge variation in quality. And
some of them can be good and then some
of them can be really bad. And you need
to be able to have a process to be able
to differentiate a good one from a bad
one because sometimes it's not so
obvious. And if you don't have a good
process in place, well, you could have a
bad actuator, you know, in in your
robot, that that's not a very good
outcome. And um that's something that
just takes time, right? It takes months,
years to really iron out your your
manufacturing process, your QA process.
And that's what our portfolio companies
are are doing, right? You you can't just
start a robot company tomorrow and have
all that ready. Yeah. Um, and so there's
a lot of groundwork that is really
important that's going into the
development um, for these robotics
companies that I think is really going
to pay off years down the road.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They're getting the reps in
now with the supply chain so they have
the muscle memory that when they're
serious about it, they know exactly how
to manage the whole thing.
&gt;&gt; Andrew, can you give me a sense of what
you're thinking about timelines? Um, so
we know that Figure is one of the
leading companies. We don't, you know,
obviously Tesla's, you know, they've got
two factories that they're building, but
figures the other private company, the
private company is leading the most and
they're valued at 39 billion. Where do
you see them going to? Electronic is
worth 5 billion. The last both of these
are like previous uh funding market caps
or caps based on last funding. What what
what do you see happening to these? Some
people will say, "Hey, I missed I missed
the boat."
Yeah, I I think the top humanoid
companies are going to be worth
trillions if not tens of trillions.
&gt;&gt; Some more. Okay, we know Tesla could be
worth trillions market cap, but you're
thinking that even Figure could be worth
trillions, not just 39 billion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's going to be
multiple big winners and I I think Tesla
and and um you know, Figure are at the
top of the pack. It's just the same way
there's a lot of um really great car
companies out there, right? And they all
fit different segments of the market
depending on what you need as a
consumer. Some of them are ultra luxury.
Uh some of them are are more economy,
but there's a big market for all these
products. And it's right, you you're
going to need a robot for the home, but
not everyone's going to have the most
premium product. Some might have a, you
know, maybe semi-premium product. You're
going to need a robot in hospitals. Some
you might need a robot in an industrial
facility. And like those robots could be
designed differently. For the home, you
might need something that's soft and
compliant and safe. for as an industrial
setting. You might need something that
is more durable and it can handle more
weight uh etc. And so right I think
there's going to be multiple big winners
which is why we're taking uh you know a
multi multiple company investment
approach. Um and you know I think can be
up there as well. Um in terms of
timeline right like I think the
intelligence is actually getting there
pretty quickly. I think we're at the
GPT3 level of physical intelligence for
robots. It's a little bit hard to see
because, you know, we we sometimes we
forget how bad GPT3 was, right? It was
giving us gibberish answers. It was
wrong most of the time, but it was it
was useful sometimes. The thing with
robots is that you need them to be right
or accurate 100% of the time for them to
be really useful. And that's kind of
where we're getting with some of these
more chatbot or LLM models now, uh, you
know, two, three years later. I think
that Excel that development timeline is
going to be really compressed because
there are a lot of learnings that we
went through uh when getting from GPT3
to five right that don't need to be
exactly reproduced all of the
innovations in say mid-training uh post-
training RHF uh right there's a
different mechanism for RL for for
robotics and right data filtering to
make sure that we have the right data uh
getting the right annotation
infrastructure in place a lot of these
techniques and research kind of
innovations we we can also bring over to
physical AI. And so I don't think it's
going to be three years to get to the
GBT5 level equivalent. I think it's
going to be maybe like something along
the lines of one to two years. And then
once we're there, well then it doesn't
mean we're going to have billions of
robots everywhere. We're still going to
need to scale manufacturing. That's
going to be a bottleneck for us. Supply
chain is going to be a bottleneck. And
so we're going to have really great
robots, I think, in two years time, but
maybe we're going to have maybe hundreds
of thousands. Maybe we'll have millions
of them. And then, you know, when when
we're four years out in the future, five
years out, I think then you you start
seeing, you know, hundreds of millions,
maybe maybe even billions in the in the
in the 2030s. But the market, right, it
always prices things sooner than later.
Uh it it it looks into the future and
that's why we want to invest now as
opposed to later.
&gt;&gt; Okay. uh you know what about the angle
that some people will say that I think I
believe it which is you need to first
get to call a number 20,000 30,000
robots get it out there in the live have
a huge supercomput with simulation and
then have all those 20,000 be trained
and then learning all sorts of skills
and then only could you once you have
that then you get to the you know
generalized GPT5 kind of level of
physical AI to be able to do everything
really really well. One shot uh being
trained it to do anything that you want
it to do. Uh do you agree with that?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, instead of simulation is
one approach, right? There's a lot of
different methods to collect data for
these robot foundation models. Um the
thing with simulation is that it needs
to simulate everything to a very very
high degree of fidelity and that can
work for things like locomotion, right?
um a robot walking around where the
contact forces can be modeled very
easily. But for things like you know
you're working with deformable objects
or um you know fluids for example those
are really hard to model with
traditional you know physics or
simulation engines. And so this is where
what they call world models come into
place which you can kind of think about
as some people call it neural
simulation. It's it's kind of how humans
think, right, and act in the real world
is well, we don't exactly imagine every
single frame ahead of us, but we have a
sense of how the world may change given
certain actions that we may take. And
these world models are getting really,
really good. The backbone of these world
models is essentially these video
generation models uh like Sora for
example, right? And these video
generation models as they get better and
better uh at understanding the world
then the robot foundation models get
better and better as well because
they're built on top of these video
generation or world models. Scott, I
mean happy a little bit more, but that
is kind of the high level detail.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But you need to have 2,000 to
10,000 robots physically out there. And
so my point is that whichever companies
can get it out there, then you get the
data then you can learn faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So from the post-training
standpoint, you would need to do a
little bit of that because of that
infamous sim to real gap. So again, it's
like what Andrew was talking about is
that in a lot of these physics
simulators, you can do walking pretty
well, but even then, when you bring it
to the real one, there's like a little
bit of adjustment you have to do to get
it kind of work the same, same way. When
you start doing manipulation, which is a
much tougher task, you would need a
little bit more. But these world models
are getting kind of better and better at
that if that they start seeing enough of
it. um it's almost like you don't need
the underlying physics. It just they
kind of get the idea of how it works
enough that things will start to work
successfully in the real world. So it's
a question of how many do we actually
need in the real world? Do we need
thousands, tens of thousands, or
hundreds of thousands? That's kind of up
for debate. Um I think everyone agrees
it's probably minimum like a thousand
that you would need to get out there and
you would probably be able to do uh
pretty well, but the question is whether
you need to go up a little bit more. And
that's kind of the race that's going on.
you've seen with everyone that you know
sort of the their second or third
generation robots they want to crank
them out in enough numbers that they can
start doing that and getting those
numbers. So we're seeing that a lot in
China that a lot of the companies that
was really only their second generation
bots they started to scale quite a bit
and then they're putting them in these
gymnasiums where they're getting lots
and lots of training data to try to to
cover that. It could be that um you know
there's going to be other methods that
come on there to do it. Nobody knows and
it it's every month it seems like the
industry kind of shifts directions
because a few months ago we weren't
talking about world models you know we
talking about blas and now suddenly
everything is shifting that way and it
could change uh another and we're seeing
the same thing like how what about data
collection what's the best way to do it
at first like you had to do everything
teleop with a real robot and then
suddenly well wait a minute um is coming
out now so you don't actually need to do
tell with real one so we can put on
these data gloves and go there capture
all the data that way. Well, now there's
like another push. It's like, well,
maybe we don't even need to do that.
Maybe we can just go pure egocentric. We
don't need to have special gloves or
anything like that. We can just go ahead
and put a camera up there and be able to
grab it. So, there's kind of this debate
that's going on within the community,
which is the right approach. I don't
know what the right approach is because
they don't know what the right approach
is. So, how am I going to know? So,
they're all kind of arguing trying to
figure that out. And we'll only sort
that out with time. But I think we all
agree you need a certain scale of your
physical hardware to test it out to make
sure it actually works. But do you you
do not need it to be able to do all
tasks. You just need it to be able to do
enough tasks that it's useful and that
someone is says yes, it's ready to
deploy in this particular setting and is
able to do useful work. And of course
that means it's more likely to be in a
commercial setting where the task
requirements are far more narrow than it
would be for a general purpose robot in
your home. Unless there's really just
one task that you want the robot to do
in your home and then you know maybe
you'd be able to do that.
&gt;&gt; Well, there you go. Yeah, that's I
perfect explanation. Both of you
appreciate it. Uh so Andrew, what's your
what's what do you have forecast to
happen this year? What's what's your
plan? What are you expecting? What are
you excited about? Yeah, like I said, I
I think we're going to get a really what
I consider like jump for the
intelligence of the physical
intelligence models where before you
were seeing more so demos in in a lab
setting, but robots actually deployed
more robots being deployed into the real
world and for them to be actually doing
tasks without any kind of human support
at all. And uh we're going to really
start scaling manufacturing. So, you
know, at last year, you know, you were
seeing some of the American companies
maybe producing hundreds of robots per
year. Now, that's scaling to the
thousands. Towards the end of the year,
I think the pace is going going to
increase to the tens of thousands. And,
you know, every year that goes forward,
we're going to increase that rate uh
10x. Um,
and uh, you know, we're getting to the
point now where you're going to be able
to command a robot with with language.
Before, you know, it was a little bit
more technical. Maybe you you would need
some very I guess special type of
prompting or programming, but it'll get
to the point. It's getting to the point,
right? They call it lang language
steering where I can tell a robot, hey,
uh that cup over there, can you put it
in the dishwasher for me and it'd be
able to do it. And so we're we're seeing
some early uh you know, signs of life
there. And uh another innovation, right?
You and with with the world of LLM, you
saw a lot of what they call emerging
capabilities. One of the emerging
capabilities you you you saw was in
context learning. The ability for you to
just show uh you know an LLM something,
right? You you tell it, hey look uh this
is what I'm dealing with and it'd be
able to remember that and and and use
that context to give you an answer. Uh
that is happening with robotics as well
where some of the more frontier models
you're saying hey robot um maybe you
should uh draw a letter like this or
maybe when you're putting a cup you
should place it upright as opposed to
like this position right and it's
remember that so there's some really
exciting I would consider like emerging
capabilities that are emerging are going
to continue to emerge
&gt;&gt; that is so fun I think Elon even
mentioned one time that you know you
could teach something one shot like
you've never been taught it before But
you go, "This is the way I want you to
make my coffee." Okay. This way. This
way, this way. It's got to be exactly
this. And then
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's so exciting. I think we're all uh
one of the reasons, you know, Scott and
I started these started doing these
videos is we're witnessing history
happen from like when everybody said it
was nothing. Now we're kind of at that
toddler stage. Okay. We're watching
robots walk, run, uh we're watching them
do these simple factory tasks and then
they're they're on version three, right?
And then there's this leap that you're
talking about, but uh I still don't know
when it will happen, but just like AI,
you can't predict it. It can happen
really quick. It could take two years,
but generally it happens sooner than you
think. Just the way it's happening with
AI at this point, it's just coming
sooner than we anybody's predicting. Um,
and like you said earlier, the AI, the
work that they're doing with AI
translates,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; uh, to the physical AI except for the
actual hardware production and
manufacturing. That's why you guys have
to go and kick actually open it apart,
right? So, you tore apart that uh,
that bot from China. Yeah, you tore it
apart, Scott.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I didn't. Monroe did. So,
when associates had a a unitry G1 and
they disassembled it
&gt;&gt; and we did a bpsy and we had a good
chance to kind of look at the different
components to get an idea how they were
manufactured, how they could probably
improve some of their manufacturing
techniques.
And so, there was actually some
suggestions that I think would be good
not only for unitry but anyone else
thinking of putting together a bot.
&gt;&gt; Good. Okay. Well, you you you got Scott
Walter uh joined the company. He he's
the one that checks out how if this is a
demo or not. He he knows what he's
doing. Tell us uh how do how do people
find you uh Andrew and how do they find
Robo Strategy?
&gt;&gt; Uh you can find us at robo strategy onx.
Uh you can also find us at
robostrategy.co.
That's our website. And we're going to
be putting out a lot of great content
information uh deep dives and interviews
with the founders of our portfolio
companies. So there's a lot of exciting
uh content that we hope to share with
everybody in the future.
&gt;&gt; Great. And you're on NASDAQ BT, but uh
again just general thing, this is not a
financial advice. Every person has a
very different position. You should look
at all sorts of and um you know your own
scenario. We don't know if you should or
shouldn't. It's your call. You decide.
But human robot is exciting and it's fun
and it's the next thing that's going to
go uh skyrocket. Thank you very much
both of you. I appreciate it. Thank you,
Andrew. Thank you, Scott.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you, Herbert. Keep building.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.