Channel:     davelee
Title:       Tesla just reinvented the car (Cybercab is here)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYx3o27Cw-U
Published:   2026-09-05 02:46 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-07 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey, it's Dave. So, last night here in
Austin, Texas, Tesla had their Cyber Cab
launch event, and I was able to attend
it in person. And in this video, I'm
going to share all the behindthe-scenes
information I was able to gather at the
event by talking with Tesla engineers
and going through all the displays at
the event on site. So, [snorts] before I
go ahead and dive into all this
information, which I think is super
super important, at the end of the
video, I'll go ahead and share kind of a
personal update, what I've been up to,
why I haven't been posting many videos
um recently, but I'll share that at the
end of the video so I can kind of maybe
share more freely. All right, so last
night here in Austin, Texas, Tesla did
an event kind of it felt like last
minute in a sense. They sent out invites
like a week before. They didn't even
give the information about where the
event was going to be um happening until
I think the day before or so or maybe
two days before. [snorts] But
nonetheless, um yeah, I was surprised to
have received an email invite. I showed
up at the event. My expectations were
quite low. And I'm not sure why, but I
felt like generally speaking, Tesla's
been in a little bit of a rut where
their earnings calls have been a bit
underwhelming for the past, you know,
year or so.
uh FSD has just been delayed. Um at the
end of last year they had kind of
promised on earnings calls for a fast
roll out but we haven't really seen that
fast roll out. And so going into the
cyber cab my expectations were really
tapered. I mean I just didn't you know
expect that much from the event. I
wasn't going into it um looking, you
know, to hear promises and timelines and
all that stuff because personally, I
don't think Tesla should go into
timelines and expectations with Cyber
Cab and robo taxi. I think they should
just quietly roll it out and really
surprise people uh through its
performance, reliability, safety, etc.
So anyways, I went to the event and at
the event there were probably I would
say about 250 Tesla people and maybe 250
other people. Um it was a small kind of
a a event, but it was nicely done. They
had food um and drinks afterwards. The
event was supposed to start at 5:30 and
it actually started relatively on time,
probably like, you know, about 20
minutes late or 25 minutes, but that is
actually on time for Tesla's events. Um
Elon Musk wasn't at the event. I mean he
didn't speak but instead there were four
leaders um that were on on stage and
they delivered a simple keynote. You can
look at YouTube um and some people have
recorded the keynote and uploaded it.
Overall you know it was just a simple
introduction of hey here's the cyber cab
you know what we had promised a few
years ago and we're releasing it and
today's the start of rights. Now, I know
some people aren't weren't happy that
the um event wasn't live streamed, but
to be honest, there wasn't a lot to live
stream. You know, there wasn't a lot of
announcements. It was a simple event
where it's like, "Hey, we're starting
the Cyber Cab, you know, release and the
launch of rides." Now, I think in some
ways though Tesla underplayed it because
I think this is a really significant
event in the history of Tesla.
Personally, I've been to almost all the
major Tesla events in the past probably
like what 13 14 years dating back to
2012. Um, I went to like the first
supercharger event, um, the Model S dual
drive uh, event, the Model X event, the
Model 3 launch, the Model Y launch, um,
uh, Cybert truck launch, um, the Reno,
the Gigafactory launch, um, you name it.
I've been to almost all the major pro
product release events that Tesla's had.
And I think this Cyber Cab launch event,
even though I wasn't expecting it to be
so profound,
after going there, I was like, "Wow,
wait a minute. This is actually a super
profound milestone in Tesla's history."
And it could be actually um probably the
most significant event post Model 3 like
Model 3 as you know for Tesla was the
turning point. I mean by releasing right
a mass produ produced electric vehicle
they're able to scale production become
a legit you know car company Model Y
turned the corner where they became
profitable but it was really the Model 3
that put Tesla on the map and now you
have Cyber Cab and the Cyber Cab really
is an amazing vehicle. Now, I'm going to
share in this video all of the different
displays I went to and what I learned
from the engineers. And the whole point
I'm going to be making in this video is
that Tesla really knocked it out of the
park designing this cyber cab. And it is
so efficient. It is so simple. It's just
a killer of a product. And I had just
forgotten about it personally, you know,
with all the FSD delays and just, you
know, expectations like when is robo
taxi roll out or just, you know, with
full self-driving, I had missed, you
know, how significant the cyber cab uh
was going to be. But seeing all of the
displays and the assembly process,
talking to the engineers really brought
a lot of confidence and expectation and
hope for the future, right, for Tesla's
products. So, all right. First off, now
they had this one display where they had
the vehicle unboxed. Basically, the
unboxed um uh assembly process. Now, the
cyber cab is actually six modules put
together. The first module is the main
kind of frunk, which they don't really
have a frunk, but it's the the the
drivetrain, the thermal management
system, it's the power electronics, FSD
computer, it's the display. It's
basically the whole front section.
Now this front section is anchored by a
huge giga cast. So if you imagine the
whole front section, the bones is a huge
giga cast and the rest of it are simple
dropin parts. And Tesla has really done
an amazing job to re-engineer almost all
the major systems to make it more
efficient, um, less costly, more
reliable. Um they've just really taken
everything and made it like a next
generation product for all their major
systems.
Now um the center module is the battery
pack and on top of the battery pack is
you have just basically carpet and then
you put on your seats. It's super
simple. Um the rear of the car is very
simple. It's basically right the rear
axle. It's the the trunk um obviously
and and the rear also has this huge giga
casting as this main uh frame. Then you
have the two sides which are the doors
and um and then they basically attach to
the side of the car and on the top you
have the roof. And all six of these
modules are assembled separately and at
the end they're able to be basically
bolted together and you have the car.
Now this is crazy and amazing um and
revolutionary in a few ways.
First off, you don't typically a car you
you um stamp all these, you know, parts
and you weld it all together and you've
got this body right in white and then
you have to go and you you you paint it.
You paint the doors, you paint all the
panels, and it has to be together with
that car following that car. And then
you go into this long process of, you
know, installing everything manually,
getting into all these crevices and
stuff. And it's just um um a labor
intensive process. A lot of time is
spent in the paint shop. A lot of time
is spent, you know, like installing
difficult parts. But what Tesla is doing
with this unboxed assembly process
is they're making the whole assembly
process easier because you could
basically go around all different
directions and all different sides of
each of the modules. And the modules are
relatively small because they're just a
part of the car. For example, take the
side of a car, like one of the door, you
know, um, modules. You can basically go
all the way around it so easily. It's so
easy to to to to work with. Take the
putting in the seats, right? You don't
have to go inside, right? The whole
structure of a car. There's no roof on
the car at that point. It's just a
center module. Basically, it's just a
battery pack. So, you stick the the
seats on the battery pack and there's
nothing else around it. Same thing with
the front module. So simple. there's
nothing like you know preventing a
person from really installing stuff. So
the installation is super simple. Um,
and also it just saves a ton of time
because you don't have to go through
this process where um, the car is first,
you know, stamped and welded and painted
and, you know, everything's put together
and assembled where it's like it's like
rather than that, you're taking each of
these six modules and concurrently
assembling everything and then at the
end you're bolting it all together and
then you've got a car. Now, that's just
one aspect though of this unboxed
assembly method that's um amazing, which
is just how you're able to concurrently
work on the car and how each module is
so easy to assemble.
But on top of that, what you have is is
a rethinking of a lot of the systems and
a lot of the parts that go into the car
so that it's more reliable because robo
taxis or these cyber cabs have to last a
million miles, but also it's it's less
costly because it needs to be a super
efficient, let's say, you know, max
$20,000 of cost of goods car. Um, and it
has to be, you know, super comfortable
and, uh, an amazing Tesla product as
well. So, one of the things that they
did was they made the entire outer body
plastic. Now, I talked to one of the
Tesla engineers about this and I could
be wrong, but at least according to his
what he was telling me, this is the
first car they know of that's the entire
body is plastic, right? You know, before
you've had the bumper, maybe the the
hood, etc. Different parts were plastic,
but now you've got an entire car that's
made out of plastic. So, why did Tesla
do this? Well, I talked to another
engineer, um, and he was saying he was
kind of involved with the crash testing.
He was saying, first and foremost, the
the outer shell of the car doesn't
really have much to do with the safety
and the crash testing of the car. So
whether they do, you know, kind of like
thin sheet metal or, you know, metal
shell or a plastic shell, it doesn't
really have to do it with the safety,
right? That's more of the frame of the
car.
So by going to all plastic, Tesla
achieved a few things. First and
foremost is they got rid of the paint
shop requirement for making cars.
Usually the paint shop is a big big part
of a manufacturing line for a car. It
just doesn't take a lot of time. It's
expensive. There's a lot of errors.
There's just it's just it's just a huge
part of the manufacturing process. And
by going with plastic, what Tesla did
was they eliminated one of the biggest
kind of pain points um in terms of time
and cost etc with making cars. And it's
amazing that they were able to do this.
Now at the event uh for people going in,
they had this ticket or you know they
gave you this to get into the event and
you wear it around your neck. So, it
turns out here it says like um what?
Cybertruck golden ticket on the back. Uh
it just says Cybertruck has a URL link.
Now, this supposedly what they told me
was this is actually part of an outer
body of a real cyber cab. So, they took
a re the real cyber cab and uh they cut
up this from its outer body and they
handed it out as like kind of the
tickets to the event. Now, my kids
thought this was the coolest thing. Um,
which I I do as well, but this thing is
is super solid. It's not like, you know,
flimsy plastic. I don't It would take a
lot to to to crack it. It's super
glossy. Um, I don't even know if you
would, you know, notice it's real
plastic if I gave it to you. Yeah, I
guess you would. I mean, it's light.
It's light. That's the thing. It's not
like heavy as metal, but it's just a
super high quality uh plastic. Now,
Tesla did a lot to to to get to this
point to be able to make plastic like
this. Um it isn't simple. Um they were
calling it RIM or rim plastic, basically
reaction injection molding.
Uh different than a typical injection
mold. Um and they're able to um
basically make the color into the
plastic. So, it's not like a paint. So,
if you like scratch this, you're not
going to see the under, you know, part
of the plastic. Um, yeah, it's,
you know, it's very, very resilient,
very, very tough. But most of all, like
they're saving the entire paint shop
process. So, you don't have to paint the
car. You just make these body panels
through like injection molding. Um and
supposedly Tesla had to do a lot of
custom stuff with this. They had to make
um a lot of the processes or customize
it even the machines as that's what one
of the engineers was saying. Um and so
it's not an easy process to do but it
was a major accomplishment because it it
made the whole process the whole cyber
cab that much more cheaper to make,
faster to make. The footprint the
manufacturing line footprint is so much
smaller. Um, partly because you don't
need a big paint shop as well. You just
make these body panels. That's your
outer shell of the car. I mean, it's
genius. I love it. Another thing is you
could change the color very simply. I
mean, they put gold, but I'm sure you
can make, you know, really cool colors
and it's probably not that hard to do.
I would imagine future Tesla cars,
why wouldn't you go with plastic like
this? Because you get rid of the paint
shop, right? And you can I mean I don't
see a lot of downsides of this um yeah
this option here. If I was Tesla future
cars uh Cyber Cab is is a very
purpose-built car for taxi right uh ride
share or taxi rides autonomous taxi
rides. Now Tesla I believe is going to
make a whole new line of passenger cars
that are geared around this new paradigm
of driving which is not self which is
not you driving yourself but it's being
driven by AI. So in this new parad
paradigm of driving or being driven
the the the priorities change no longer
are we looking for a fast 0 to 60 time.
No longer are we looking for h good
handling and all that stuff. It's more
comfort driven. You you want to be
driven in a nice comfortable, calm,
quiet, um good music, good screen, you
know, no distractions. Like it's a
completely different uh driving or
writing paradigm.
And in this new paradigm, a lot of
things are going to change about how you
make a car and what's important. And I
think with this new paradigm in cars,
we're going to see with Tesla a whole
new generation of cars for people to buy
as well. You're going to see um maybe
even a two seat seater uh for people buy
a four-seater small a bigger four-seater
maybe a six sevenseater but these are
going to be nextG cars right this isn't
I don't think it's going to be an
extension of Model 3 or Model Y or S or
whatever these are going to be nextG
cars that Tesla's going to release um I
think you know hopefully within the next
three to five years
um and hopefully sooner we'll um when
they announce it and you know how they
can develop it etc and produce it. But
with this next generation of cars um
getting rid of the paint shop I think is
is probably the way to go and it could
save a lot of cost really expand the
total addressable market because you're
lowering the cost right to buy the car
um by not having paint. So anyways um
that's one kind of just genius thing
that Tesla did. Now Tesla uh talked
about this during their Cyber Cab you
know reveal or you know product uh
reveal a few years ago. I think two
years ago but I think a lot has been
forgotten right. It feels like with
CyberCap we you know we heard about the
unboxed you know assembly process. We
heard about you know skipping the paint
shop but it just doesn't settle set
settle in because we think at least I
thought maybe it's changed you know
maybe they couldn't achieve everything
they wanted to achieve. So, you've got
this cyber cab, but maybe it's just
like, you know, maybe it's not the
complete unboxed assembly process or
maybe there shop. I mean, maybe there's
there were some kinks and they couldn't,
you know, completely eliminate certain
things. But it was cool to be there at
the event, see the displays, talk to the
engineers, and actually see with my own
eyes this unbox assembly and to see it
for real. Like, oh wow, they're actually
assembling this in parts, the modules.
And uh one of the cool things was the
engineer showed me like, oh, here's, you
know, the bolt holes um where the side
goes into the front and connects, right?
Or both sides connect. So, it's just
really cool. I was able to talk to one
of the engineers about welding
and yeah, there's a lot less or there's
less welding going on because usually
with your body and white, you're doing
all this welding um [clears throat]
you know, attaching parts, etc., but
like you're doing some welding like
within each module, but the modules are
being put together, at least the ones I
saw, through bolting it together, and
that's how it's being held together.
It's super like structurally the the
they're being bolted together and and at
the right points so it's super strong
and stable now. And to see that in
person and see oh my gosh like Tesla
actually really did succeed in this
unboxed assembly method. And it's not
just they succeeded but they came out
the other end saying that this is
amazing. Like this works and it's like
It blows away traditional manufacturing
even their previous right manufacturing
approaches and to hear the engineers say
that
was really profoundly I think important
for me to hear and that's one of the
reasons why why I'm making this video
because a lot of people weren't they
weren't able to be at the event. They
weren't able to talk to these Tesla
engineers see the displays. So through
this video at least I can relay some of
the stuff at least the excitement that
Tesla engineers have about the unboxed
assembly method.
The other thing is like you know we
heard about the plastic stuff or you
getting rid of right the the um paint
shop but we don't know what how it
turned out. And so at the event to hear
that actually it's it turned out well
like it's actually something that works
uh something that they're excited about.
um the whole thing is plastic, the outer
shell at least. Um and to hear that it
was a great success was fantastic to
hear as well. So like stuff like that is
just you know I don't know where we get
that information uh besides talking with
Tesla engineers and seeing it in person.
Um all right, moving on. Um I'm telling
you this whole video is going to be
stuff like this like each part that is
just so uh profoundly important I think
to understand. uh to understand Tesla's
um what they're up to, right? And to see
where Tesla's headed, to see what type
of um advantages or challenges, right,
they might be facing in the next few
years. So, another um engineer I was
able to talk with was uh in charge of
the brake bywire system. So what Tesla's
did is they replaced the typical
hydraulic brake system in in their in a
car. And now the brakes both front and
the rear brakes are controlled
electronically.
That's what they mean by brake by wire.
And there's no need for these large
hydraulic
wires and and fluids, hydraulic fluids,
brake brake fluids, all this stuff to go
all around the car and, you know, add
complexity with the assembly process and
all that stuff. Now it's basically
electronically controlled, much more
cleaner and simpler. And they were
showing me or the engineer was showing
me like, you know, the brakes and
basically so simple, right? the brake
bywire connections
allowing um yeah less wires to go
through the car especially these
hydraulic brake wires with fluid etc.
And they're able to achieve you know
great performance um reliability with
the break by wire. They're super excited
and I think like that's the future. It's
like the cool thing is once Tesla
develops something like break by wire,
now they've got the system, they got the
parts, they have the data on reliability
and all this stuff, and now they can
make the version two and version three
that's going to go into more and more
cars. So that's exciting to hear that
Tesla's making these, you know,
improvements. And one of the reasons why
they had to make it was because of the
unboxed assembly process because
they're, you know, things are being made
in modules. the front module where the
front brakes and the rear brakes is in
the rear module. They're being assembled
separately. And so, you know, you don't
want to connect these. How are you going
to finish the brakes if you have to
connect, you know, hydraulic wire or um
yeah, these these wires, you know, with
fluids across modules, right? You don't
want to do that. And so, um they had to
invent new things like break by wire.
Um, of course, uh, steer by wire or
there is no steering wheel, right?
Because it's basically, um, controlled
by electronics or computers. Um,
now the break by wire is just one
example of just Tesla's mentality with
things, right? Where they need to bring
this car, the cost down, the assembly
process more simple, unbox it, right?
All this stuff. And and whatever they
need to do to engineer things to make
that happen, they'll do, right? They'll
reinvent systems, redesign systems, do
whatever they can. And the result is
that this unboxed assembly thing. It's
really really simple uh to see like the
car was opened up and the front right
hood was opened up and you could see
like the different parts, the major
systems. You had the the drivetrain
underneath. You had the thermal
management system.
you had, you know, your your brakes,
your different parts of power
electronics, FD computer, but they're
just like drop in systems and they're
almost like contained. And what Tesla
did, another engineer told me, was they
really made a big priority to make these
things where you could basically change
them out easily, the entire systems.
I'll I'll talk a little bit more about
their thermal management system as an
example. But first, I'll talk about what
it feels like to go into one of these uh
cyber caps. They had a few displays
inside the van. I was able to hang out
in one for about 15 minutes. And I'm
telling you guys, inside this cyber cab,
it's just so nice. I think it's the best
interior of any Tesla out there by far.
Um I saw this one uh expost. Some guy
was saying, "Oh, robo taxi so small, so
whatever." Even though the person's
never or the cyber cab, the person has
never sat in one, right? They're just
like I don't know what what they're
basing their judgment on. You know,
maybe the out outer picture or
something. No, it's like you got to sit
in one, right? You got to hold your
judgment before you like, you know, say
it's like cramped. Anyways,
sitting in a cyber cab is just so
amazing because it's just so nice.
It's so spacious because you could um
bring the seats back really far back and
you just have like a ton of leg space
and it's just so wide. So, what's
interesting is both seats um you cannot
control them individually. They only can
be controlled together. So, you can
bring both seats back or you can bring
the the the the rest um the back rest up
or down for both seats, right? I think
you can move the whole seats forward and
back. Um, the inside is just is clean,
it's calm, it's huge. The display is by
far the biggest Tesla display out there.
Um, yeah, it's and it just there's
nothing to there's no clutter, right?
And I think there's something that
people are underestimating or not um
considering with the cyber cab is what
an advantage is it it it is to design a
vehicle from scratch with certain
priorities to make the taxi experience
just amazing, right? Super calm, super
peaceful, just enjoyable, relaxing. And
that's what Tesla did with Inside of the
Cyber Cab. I don't think you you can
compare it with any other car in the
market right now. Like that's how nice
the inside is. Like it just shocked me.
I was like, "Wow, this is the nicest car
I've been in." Um I think it will shock
people how nice the inside of a cyber
cab is. When you compare it with a
Whimo, like how is Whimo going to get a
car even close to that? I mean, like, no
one even manufactures a car that nice,
right?
Um yeah, it's going to take years. I
think Tesla's 5 to 10 years ahead of any
other robo or taxi type of, you know,
autonomous car in terms of design,
interior design. It's that good. Um, I
think in 10 years, you know, it'll still
be ahead of everything else because it's
just so amazing. Um, it's like the Model
3. When the Model 3 came out, I told my
wife, "Hey, Tesla's like 5 10 years
ahead in terms of the inside, right,
with the display and how clean it is and
everything." And even 10 years now after
the Model 3 has been released, the Model
3 is just amazing still, right? The
inside is just so like timeless in a
sense. And that's what Tesla did with
the inside of the Cyber Cab. Uh they
knocked it out of the park. Um the the
Cyber Cap has these cool wheels
that are lighted. They've got the this
lighted circle ring, which is really
cool. at the on the bottom of the door
when it opens, it projects lighting,
cyber cab, like a cyber cab kind of logo
writing on the the ground, which is kind
of cool, too. It's just like little
things like that. Tesla did a lot of
like fine touches with the Cyber Cap to
make it what it is. I noticed the tires
are really big. The rear tires were 21in
tires. I was like, "Whoa, man. That's
like bigger than my Model Y tires." I
was talking to one engineer. He was
saying it's like, yeah, bigger tires.
He's saying that you get, you know,
better mileage or, yeah, more
efficiency. Um, and yeah, I didn't know
that. I Yeah, it's interesting. Um,
now one of the most interesting parts
was I got to talk at length with a
couple engineers who were involved with
the thermal management system. Um, in
the cyber cab, they call it V5. So
there's a version five. It turns out it
seems like version four was in the
cybert truck and version three is
elsewhere, right? Maybe model Y, etc.
and model 3. So the thermal management
system basically it's like this uh
maybe backpack size type of um module I
call it or system, right? And it's
basically um the entire car's
um way to produce heat and to produce
uh cold, right? So it'll
uh heat the the cabin. It'll cool the
cabin, right? Air conditioning, but
it'll also uh cool the the batteries,
probably even heat them if needed. it
will cool the the FSD computers or the
info, you know, the the power
electronics, etc. And you have these
tubes from that thermal management
system, two different parts of the car.
Now, what's really cool about this
thermal management system and this V5 is
they really just integrated even more.
So with each version they've like you
know taken like different parts that
were separated in different you know
parts of the car and they just brought
everything together made it more
efficient made it more cheaper made it
um easier to manufacture. So yeah, I was
talking to them about like uh the
manufacturing and super important
they're saying of like what percent of
this can be manufactured without human
involvement, right? I think they were
saying with the thermal management
system, don't quote me on this, like
it's like 80% automated the
manufacturing and they were talking
about how like yeah, every design
decision basically had to consider the
manufacturing part of that. And they
also talked about how this thermal
management system, they made it in a way
where it could be scalable, meaning it
can go into other types of vehicles.
It's not just for the cyber cab or it
could be used for other vehicles.
And again, it's the whole, you know,
whole another um it's what I've been
talking about earlier in this video is
Tesla's preparing for a next generation
of cars, right? And a lot of this
rethinking, this redesigning that they
did in this Tesla Cyber Cab, they can
now use for other cars, right? So, they
take this V5 thermal management system
where it's just so much more efficient.
It's cheaper. It's just all put together
in one system. It's kind of like if
you've seen the the picture of um the
the SpaceX uh engines and they they
basically, you know, have version one,
two, and three. Version one is all these
wires. It's crazy. Version three is
basically this sleek, you know, engine.
It's kind of like that. Tesla's doing
the same thing. Uh yeah, Tesla and
SpaceX have a lot of similarities with
the engineering. But that's one of the
things they're just bringing it easier
to manufacture, easier, just more
efficient, more reliable. And I thought
it was just amazing. I was just like
talking to the engineers and I was just
like, "Wow, this is so cool. I would
love to have one in my house or my RV or
you know this like thermal management
system is just amazing. Um talked to
another engineer who was uh in charge of
or talking about the drive unit and the
drive unit is basically you have your
your motor um and your transmission and
the stuff that controls all that stuff.
Uh Elon shared that they somehow managed
to have no rare earth elements in that
engine in that not engine in that uh
drive unit but yet still um achieve
right um a great mileage or efficiency.
Now this drive unit was version five and
this drive unit I guess I was reading
that's like 100% automated like there's
no humans really involved in the
assembly process. Now with this drive
unit version five for the cyber cab,
they made it uh more efficient, smaller,
um cost less, etc.
And it's their next generation of
version five. And they also made it
where it could be super reliable, where
it can handle, you know, like a million
miles for for a cyber cab. Um I've seen
the drive unit over years. I've been on
some factory tours where, you know, they
shown the drive unit, etc. But the drive
unit is one of Tesla's major
manufacturing priorities
and rightly so because it's such an
important part of the car and with
version five like it just shows that
Tesla is at work is very focused on
pushing the envelope making you know
their key systems their key parts of the
car just better and better over time and
version five is another right testament
of that is just a better drive unit
smaller smaller, more efficient, cost
less, more reliable. Um, and that goes
into the cyber cab. But again, does it
stop there? No, I don't think so. Right.
Um, it can go into other cars. A V6 will
be better. But by pushing things with
Cyber Cab, it allows Tesla's engineers
to push the envelope, make a step change
or big jump improvements, and that
allows Tesla to to continue on in their
march of improvements.
Next step. So, I talked to a crash test
engineer
and we're talking about, you know, the
steel frame. So, in uh crash testing,
right, it's not really the outer shell
that really gives safety at all. That's
why they could make it more plastic.
It's more of the the steel frame, right?
And we're going through the car, the
unassembled, unboxed kind of car
display. and he was showing me how the
front giga casting right has these like
pockets that you know can collapse in a
you know crash just like other Teslas
but the giga castings are huge for the
front and the back so they took right
that what they've learned with giga
castings and they put that into the
cyber cab super
strong uh safe in crash testing
and you know they they had other things
that they they were able to bring
together with the steel frames or the
doors or the roof etc. Now with the
battery pack they decided to go
semistructural not structural. Um
[clears throat] so um I talked to the
battery pack person so I'll wait for a
second on that. Back to crash testing.
So um they're saying that they started a
cybercap development like or work three
years ago and they did they started
crash testing about 6 months ago and
they just recently finished crash crash
testing and as a result they were able
to now release cyber cyber cab on the
streets. So, that was pretty much the
context of
this cyber cab launch event, which is
basically Tesla's finished everything
they need to do to get this car out on
the roads, right? Um, and that was the
event's purpose was basically, hey, now
we can start writing. We finished
everything, right? And so, they finished
crash test crash testing. So the crash
um testing engineer was telling me how
yeah it's basically the c certification
or the requirements for crash testing is
more internal for automakers and then
you kind of keep those crash test
results like the government tells you
what you need to do and what you need to
achieve. you keep those results and then
later on afterwards
different government agencies are able
like the IHS
or whatever is able to buy cars and
crash test them crash test themselves
but it's not they don't buy and crash
test them before as a requirement right
this it's more of an internal
requirement and so Tesla has finished
those crash testing um and it came back
great I mean um he was telling me the
engineer how they just do so much
simulation work like not just at the end
but throughout the whole process right
for each design iteration they're just
running you know all these all these
simulations and how the simulations are
quite accurate um and how uh for the
real crash testing right it's like they
might crash about 50 cars or so um over
time the past over the last six months
right to get the results and to document
everything all right so moving on to the
battery pack and what's going on with
that so the battery pack before like
Let's say um Tesla went with this um
structural battery pack and you couldn't
really service it and so the engineer or
the program manager was telling me how
you know if one cell goes bad you you
have to kind of just get rid of the pack
etc. And so they wanted to add more
serviceability. That was one of the
goals. Now with the battery pack it's
semi-structural. And what this means is
they've got these four modules of
batteries and each module I think he was
saying there's like 500 and something
4680 cells total. Sound and something in
each module and they're kind of big
rectangular modules. The [clears throat]
cells are being made in Austin, Texas in
their headquarters uh factory.
And [clears throat]
um in this battery pack, the way they
make it semi-structural is the whole
module itself, it's made out of like
this really really thick plastic that's
like adds structural like integrity to
it. And then they they bolt in like the
packs together and to the overall frame
in a way that increases that rigidity as
well. And there's a [clears throat] few
other things that they do to make it uh
semi-structural to adds to the
structural rigidity of the rigidity of
the car, but they can easily service and
remove a module and replace that a
module. And so he was saying I don't
know like all the details, but this is
what I was being told. He was saying
that yeah, it's very very simple. The
cyber cap is is amazingly simple where
the center so back to the um unbox
assembly, right? there's six parts, six
modules that get stuck together. So the
battery pack is the center module,
right? Where you you have the battery
pack and you have the the seats, right?
So he was basically saying that you have
this battery pack
um and then you've got this they call it
ancillary base where you have the
electronics for the pack and then you
just put on seats on top of that like
carpet and seats and stuff. I'm sure
there's other like connection stuff, but
that's basically it. That's like the
center module. Now, this is like really
really amazing. Like it's just so
simple, right? You have this battery
pack, carpet seat basically, right? And
the the power electronics.
Um and then that basically is the center
module and that gets bolted in to the
other modules at the end. Um yeah, it's
like the way Tesla has been thinking
about this and the way they, you know,
put all this stuff together is amazing.
Um the battery pack, um guy was telling
me, yeah, it's made in Austin. They get
good IR IR credits, um for, you know,
making batteries in the US.
So yeah, I mean, who what other EV
manufacturer in the US is making their
own batteries, right? And their own
battery packs. Now, Tesla's battery pack
assembly expertise goes back way way way
way to the beginning. Like that was one
of the first things that they really
made a priority to really automate. Like
even with the Model S, like just getting
like cells in and that they like back in
Fremont, they had this second floor
where they wouldn't let people in for
the factory tours because the second
floor was the pack uh manufacturing
where they would have robots, you know,
put all the cells and make the packs and
all this stuff. So Tesla's been doing
this for like what 14 15 years like
really focused on the manufacturing of
the battery packs, right? That's a huge
priority for Tesla. And to see this
battery pack of the Cyber Cab to know
that the cells are made in Austin,
right? Everything is being made here.
Uh the modules is being made here, the
packets being made here, all that stuff.
It's just it's just crazy. It's amazing
how far Tesla has has has come. Now,
next to the battery pack, so the battery
pack is a is the center module. At the
end, the rear part of the pack, there's
something called they call the ancillary
base. Now, the incillary base is where
they have the electronics that convert
the high power to low power electronics
and some other stuff. And it's like the
best way I can explain is probably this
long and you know, it's kind of thin,
maybe this thin and this wide. And
um he was saying before in previous
versions of their cars, the ancillary
base was like the the parts were kind of
a little bit more scattered. They had
wires going out and all this stuff. But
he with this version of the ancillary
base, they pretty much got rid of like
the wires, anything sticking out. They
got rid of any other parts. It's just
one module now.
And this module you just basically, you
know, stick on to to the to the back of
the pack and you could replace the
module. Now, this is the first time
Tesla has ever done something like this
with an incillary base. So, they put
everything in it. It's kind of like,
yeah, it's the Raptor engine again, the
SpaceX, right? Engine version three or
whatever. They got rid of all the, you
know, the crazy stuff. Now, it's like an
incillary base version. I don't know
what they're on, but they got rid of the
craziness, right? So it it looks like
it's just a simple one part you just
bolt on and it's you're done. But
there's so much complexity in that that
Tesla has been able to reduce over time
and now Cyber Cab gives them the
opportunity to really bring that
together. So and the other thing is it's
in line now. Before it wasn't in line.
So you had the battery pack and you had
like the incillary base like stick up or
whatever, but now it's in line. So you
have the battery pack and then right
behind the battery pack in line you have
the incillary base and that basically
can be just stuck on and removed. Again
it's genius. I'm telling you guys like
like you basically and I was talking to
the engineer or the program manager
about this and it was like yeah you can
you manufacture right or you put
together the ancillary base
which again they design everything to be
easily manufactured right. So you try to
have as least amount of human labor
possible in the manufacturer assembly
process. So you get that done
separately, right? You've got all these
robots automating the battery pack or
the cell process and then the assembly
of the battery pack process and then you
just stick on this incillary base right
to the back of the battery pack in line
and now that goes into the car and then
you put carpet and seats on top and
that's the center module of the car. Uh
amazing, right? Amazing, right? if
something breaks, you know, just take
off the incillary bra uh base and stick
it back on. It's not just in case it
breaks, it's just it makes everything so
much simpler. And that's the whole ethos
of the cyber cap. Everything is designed
like that, right? For example, like the
thermal management system I just talked
about, like it's like before it was like
spread out different parts and bring it
all together, make it super efficient,
make it drop in, right? Take it out,
bring it in. Um,
yeah. I mean, it's becoming this like
the whole unboxing of you have these six
modules, right, and you basically stick
it together. They took that thinking,
that ethos, and they applied it to other
parts of the car, right? Where you had
you you can have the incillary base now
is just another module that gets stuck
on to to that car to to the pack, right?
And other stuff is able just to be
dropped in, right? the drivetrain
dropped in, the thermal management
system dropped in, all this stuff
dropped in like and stuck together. And
so they applied that unboxed kind of
ethos to other parts of the car to make
it just a engineering marvel. I mean,
this is it's just amazing what they what
the engineers and what Tesla team has
been able to do. Now, it's encouraging
to hear that from me myself because I'm
like, you know, FSD seems like it's I
want to say stalled. Epic has gotten a
lot better obviously every year. It's
just robo taxi rollout has been like
slow this past year. Um it's like
another thing. It's like where are
Tesla's other mod models, right? It's
like come on, we're stuck at like you
know less than two million uh cars a
year. It's like what happened to the 10
million 20 million cars a year goal? So
it sometimes it could feel like what's
up Tesla? You know you're kind of
stalled. Elon's involved with like
politics few years ago now is like
SpaceX seems like a big deal which
obviously always has but it could feel
at times that like what's what is Tesla
doing right it's like but talking to
engineers and understanding the
different parts of the car I was like oh
okay Tesla is at work very very hard
they've got you know amazing teams of
engineers taking things to the next
level and it's Not just like vanity
projects. These are real
important projects. When you can connect
your engineering to [snorts]
like an important project, right?
Everything matters with the cyber cab.
You know, to have one drop in like
whatever ancillary base or thermal
management system or drivetrain, etc.
And then to have these modules all work,
it all works together. All of the
engineering teams are really pushing the
envelope. The other thing is every
engineer I talked with had this re
repeating
kind of like uh work ethic or work
ethos. Like they're just sort of saying
like they're just excited about you know
what they're doing. They've been working
at it really hard. they've been, you
know, uh, overcoming lots of challenges,
making a lot of breakthroughs
and how, yeah, the CyberCap is just an
amazing, uh, amazing product and that
was across, you know, a variety of
different teams working on and different
people working on different things. And
so, it's good to know and it's good to
be to to see it in person, right? The
the progress. Not just that, that's what
Tesla had promised with the Cyber Cab a
few years back, two years ago when they
showed it. They promised to unbox. They
promised no paint shop, right? They
promised a lot of improvements. And to
see that the past few years Tesla's been
at it, working really hard, making those
improvements, right? engine,
redesigning, re-engineering stuff and
for it to come together in a final
product that finally can be released out
on the streets take picking up people.
That's the exciting part of the cyber
cab launch event.
Um, and I'm sure it was hard for most
people to get that because, you know,
this information wasn't really shared
openly. And to be honest, most people,
99% of people at the event is are
probably not going to ask
like the hundreds of questions I I asked
at the event. Like I literally was like
interrogating engineers, like dropping
like, you know, 50 questions in like 10
20 minutes for each engineer and really
like loading it up with information. And
most people at the event, they're not
going to be doing that, right? They're
just going to be gathering a little bit
here and there. And in some ways,
probably listening to this video,
you'll probably get more information
than most people at the event got
because they're just talking to one
person or, you know, whatever, two
people, a few questions, right? But
through this video, you're hearing
basically the the summarized
um knowledge accumulation that I was
able to to get at the event forounding
engineers for two and a half hours um to
get information. And you probably know
more than most people that attended the
event. So even if you didn't attend the
event, I would say, "Hey, got this
video. you're able to get,
you know, so much information um as at
least all the information that I'm able
to give and that I think is very
valuable, right? I'm giving um through
this video.
Um [clears throat]
so,
next up, um AI. So, I was able to talk
to someone on the Tesla AI team
and um it was interesting. Um, so
obviously they couldn't share a lot of
info, but um, some of the questions I
had were like, you know, is Tesla
learning from large language models,
especially because LLMs are progressing
so fast and we're seeing so many
breakthroughs. Is Tesla learning from
that? Is that helping with FSD? And and
the the engineer saying yes, definitely,
right? They learn a ton from LLMs. Um
and interestingly he was saying that you
know the models aren't that different in
terms of you know self-driving and and
large language models. Obviously large
language models are much larger. Their
applications are different like for
Tesla it needs to be real time and
that's super important. Um yeah because
with real time you can't make you can't
have delays right you can't have
mistakes later that you you know you
correct has to be reliable and super
super fast. So you're relying on that
that integration with the hardware and
also you know the priority of it being
real time.
Um he was saying that they do spend
quite a bit of time um you know bringing
shrinking their models you know making
them fit in the the hardware that they
have and that their improvements for FSD
come from a lot of different things um
from the model sizes the data the
different learnings they get from other
places etc.
Um a few other things um that I got from
the event is um a few of the engineers
were talking were saying that um Tesla
does have a lot of manufacturing
capacity for Cyber Cab at Austin. Very
interesting. Um also that there's a
night and day difference between the
Cyber Cab line and the Model Y line in
Austin. Um it's just basically
completely different and how you know
the model the cyber cab line looks like
a completely different next generation
line. You can imagine right it's like
unbox it's like no paint shop it's just
you're doing with these more simple drop
in modules right sticking together I
mean this is I think Tesla engineering
at its finest. Um the teams all focused
right on this crucial mission to get the
cyber cab out. they got they had these
super ambitious goals
set by uh Elon and the leaders and they
all worked together to accomplish
accomplish this and I think it was a
huge feat to get the cyber cab out. Um
yeah, from what I was told, three years
start to finish. Uh very fast. And just
to list out, you know, all the different
improvements and breakthroughs and
re-engineering, redesigning of what
Tesla did, it really I think bodess well
for the future of Tesla's future
vehicles. Like what else will they, you
know, use all these innovations for? And
I I would imagine a lot of this stuff
like it's just going to get better for
their next uh models or products. And I
think the Cyber Cap is going to set the
next kind of 10 years of Tesla's
manufacturing just like the Model Y
really set up Tesla um you know for 10
years. Now you have the Cyber Cab is
going to set up Tesla for 10 years. I
think the unboxed manufacturing approach
is probably here to stay. The the
plastic outer body, getting rid of the
paint shop makes a lot a lot of sense.
The mod modulization of like all these
systems, right, makes a ton of sense.
And just the whole priority on comfort,
um getting rid of the steering wheel,
like how big of a deal is that? It's the
first car without a steering wheel,
without pedals, without, you know, side
mirrors, etc.
Like this is the future of transport.
The cyber cab is the first kind of
taste. It's the first drop in the bucket
and Tesla now has all these pieces
behind the scenes where now they're able
to put these Lego pieces together and
make new models, new cars for different
purposes. Um Tesla shared this web page
of the robo taxi or the cyber cab saying
that now the robo van
uh or the cyber van is like coming soon.
And so I I kind of like hinted at one
engineer. I was like, "Oh, I was
surprised to hear they're it's coming
soon." And uh he kind of smiled, said he
couldn't say anything, but I would
imagine, you know, a lot of work is
going into the Cyber Van. Um and uh that
could be the next big, you know, product
from Tesla. And I'm excited to see
what's up after that. like what are
going to be the consumer purchasable
products uh cars in this next generation
of you know AI driven cars that are more
comfort focused no steering wheel etc uh
what are the family versions going to be
like four person six person etc and uh
yeah I think Tesla's in a great place
right now in terms of all the
engineering improvements they made with
CyberCap but not just that with all the
different software improvements they
made with FSD. Now, how much, think
about it, how much has FSD improved in
the past year. It's been actually
really, really amazing. I remember, you
know, taking the first uh robo taxi
rides in Austin, probably seems like
almost a year ago, but I I was like
commenting like the first robo taxi
rides in Austin were amazing because
they were just so much smoother than
like it felt like um I think it was FSD
13 at that time and I was like, "Wow,
this must be like the next version or
something like a preview of FSD 14,
etc."
And it's been cool to see the past years
like we've gotten like those
improvements and more in our cars,
especially with AI4. Like AI3 chips,
like I'm just not totally impressed. We
have a AI4 Model Y and AI3 Model Y. I
tell my wife, she drives the AI3 most of
the time chip. I'm like, be careful with
that car. It's not as reliable an FSD as
the AI4. But the AI4 FSD um you know V14
like how like amazing it it is it right
now just to experience how smooth and
reliable that car is. It's just amazing
the improvements over the past year. I
was asking one engineer it's like oh was
it hard to um time things with the cyber
cap engineering and then to make sure
that it was going to be at done at the
right time to match when FSD was going
to be ready to roll out autonomous
driving in a cyber cab, right? Because
there's two things. Most cars you just I
was commenting to the engineers like,
"Yeah, Model 3, just go as fast as you
can, right? There's nothing else you're
waiting for. The Model Y, Cyber Truck,
etc. Cyber Cap, you go as fast as you
can, but you have to also consider the
other half of it, which is the software
side because without the software side,
you can't really the car isn't useful
with doesn't even have a steering
wheel."
And he was saying actually uh on the
cybercap engineering side they just
pedal to the metal didn't even care
about the software side and basically
said we trust that they're working their
butts off and we'll we'll meet at the
end you know I like that attitude right
it isn't this like oh we're going to you
know pace ourselves take a two-month
break etc wait for the software etc no
they're going you know head first um
diving in you know no excuses pedal to
the metal just um nowadays you don't
even have pedal pedal to the metal. How
long is that phrase going to last?
[laughter]
Anyways, that's [snorts] just another
example, right, of of the thinking that
these engineering teams are going
through. But it's also another example
like Tesla has been really at work with
FSD and software.
If you remove all of the so-called kind
of expectations and kind of roll out
promises that have made in the past with
roboax, you kind of move that to the
side and just look at you know the
progress FSD has made in the past year.
It's been outstanding like amazing and I
think that's uh exciting to see not just
the software happen but now you have the
hardware the cyber capab comes together.
Now in the bigger picture it's extremely
difficult to get these two things right.
You know like I talked this whole video
about the complexity of how much
re-engineering redesigning right design
for manufacturing all this stuff that
went into um the cybercap even
completely revolutionizing the assembly
process right all this stuff went into
the hardware side but now you've all
this stuff that's gone into the software
side with FSD but also all the stuff
that goes into the chip right the AI
five computer coming out all this stuff
they all come together to integrate into
a product that the end product is just
so simple for the end user, right? Just
okay, call a Robbo taxi, get picked up,
you know, go to the next spot and they
benefit because the end result is a
super comfortable, easy ride, plentiful,
tons of ride, cheap, you know, like a
fraction of the cost, like half third of
a cost of Uber, etc. That's the end
product for the consumer, but to get
there is extremely extremely
complicated, right? It's like daunting
to get there. Um, how many companies are
really going to not just be able to get
there or be able to to to tackle those
big projects, but be willing to also
take on the risk of rolling out these
robo taxis um at scale, right? It's not
a easy thing. I do think Chinese
companies have perhaps maybe the best
chance. They're the most aggressive
manufacturing wise, most aggressive like
terms of, you know, pushing the
envelope, you know, with with AI
driving, etc. Um, but yeah, it's it's
tough. It's going to be tough to beat
Tesla. Another thing about Tesla's Cyber
Cab and FSD and robo taxi advantage is
once you have the network the Tesla robo
taxi network going on and you have
network effects where you have more and
more cars on the network bringing
availability up bringing cost down it
makes the product better and better. So
there is a real I think first mover
advantage especially with ride sharing
and autonomous ride sharing that makes
the product better like for example
Starlink every satellite that gets put
up makes the overall network better more
reliable easier to access faster etc
there's network effects so there's a big
advantage in being first with Starlink
there's a big first mover advantage um
and this is especially important with
things that have network effects
Um but the problem is with Uber and Lyft
and other networks ride sherry networks
is they had first mover advantage
because the more cars prices go down
availability goes up etc. But they have
an inherent kind of I would I would say
call it bug but an an inherent
inefficiency and that is basically they
have to rely on the availability of
drivers right and they have to pay
drivers drivers come and go they have to
recruit drivers it's a huge cost um but
that's what robo taxi doesn't have they
don't have the labor cost of the human
driver
um but in addition to that now they've
got this like cheaper car but not just
cheaper car, better car, more reliable
car, right? Overall better experience.
And once Tesla can get the network
effects by having lots of cars in an
area, drive up availability, drive down
price, right, they've got the whole
picture. They've got the best car, the
best, you know, experience, the best
price, the best availability.
And in order to face and to beat Tesla
at their own game, you have to come at
it now as second place. Like for
example, Starlink,
you know, with Project Kyper and what
Amazon is trying to do or Bezos, it's
like you're coming at it second place,
meaning like it's going to be so hard to
beat Starlink because you have to beat
them at what? What are you going to beat
them at? Beat them in price? It's going
to be hard to beat them in price. Beat
them in bandwidth or speed? It's gonna
be hard to do that like availability.
It's like so it's so hard to beat
Starlink. Sure, like if you spend enough
money, you could try to like, you know,
spend billions and try to get something
out, but it's like Starlink's game to
lose in a lot of ways. And I think with
Roboaxi, there's a lot of similarities.
Um
and um yeah, the first company that can
release autonomous
right, robo taxi at scale.
Um cheap hardware, right? Cheap cars,
great experience, great inside car,
great network, right, app, cheap prices,
high availability. You get that virtuous
flywheel of an of a network effect. Um
and it's going to be so so hard. so so
hard to beat. Um yeah, so it's exciting
times. I do think though there's a
challenge and that is the the AI 4chip.
I think the AI4 chip it's just it's been
too long and it just is constrained in
terms of hardware. We know with AI that
with the AI scaling laws, the larger the
model,
right, the better the performance has
been. But Tesla
like is it's hard for Tesla to follow
the exact like AI scaling laws because
the hardware is more fixed in the cars
right they're not able to like for
example in a cloud data center you could
scale up your compute power right for
larger models more GPUs etc run bigger
models train bigger models right uh with
inference you know serve bigger models
etc but because it's not a cloud service
you're dealing with like on-site right
it's like edge compute you have to
consider what's in the car as inference
to serve those models so in that way
Tesla has been limited I think with AI4
hardware
and so I think um the big jump is going
to be AI5 that's going to be the big
jump where Tesla is able to give bigger
models be much better performance and
like it's so amazing amazingly good
right now. AI4 and FSD V14, but I think
with AI5, we're going to see this huge
jump. Um, it's just going to bring it to
a whole new level. Right now, FSD is
amazing, but it's going to bring it
probably to the next level, which is
like beyond beyond human, right?
Supernatural driving and AI 6. Hopefully
if if Tesla can get on a faster pacing
of developing developing chips, they can
take advantage of AI 6, AI7, bigger
models, better models, etc. Now, as AI
models get bigger and better, there are
ways and advancements to shrink those
models and to get amazing performance
with with smaller models. Tesla will
bring those improvements to older cars
and those cars will drive better but
still for the safest most amazing right
driving need probably the best you know
compute and the latest uh uh hardware.
[snorts] So anyways that's going to be
interesting um to see when Tesla can put
their AI 15 AI 5 hardware in cards. My
hunch is maybe like yeah probably cyber
cavs will get them first um and maybe
they'll run you know early version of
version 15. I would imagine version 15
is already like being tested and etc. or
maybe the cyber caps haven't
and I think you know AI AI5 and version
15 that takes advantage of AI5's
hardware and larger the larger models
that are possible probably allows Tesla
to scale faster and that's probably one
of the reasons why they released Cyber
Cab now because it's you know probably I
don't know maybe two to six months we'll
see maybe um Tesla able to scale more as
they get more confident with V15 on AI5
hardware. Um, that's my thoughts, right,
with with what's going on. Um, so
interesting stuff. So, I'll go ahead and
um end with a personal note. So, I
haven't been posting many videos
recently as many of you noticed. Um, and
um, things are going well, but I wanted
to share a bit of what I've been doing.
Um so uh two years ago uh maybe a year
and a half ago actually my wife found
basically a reoccurrence of breast
cancer. We had thought that she was
doing well but um and the reoccurrence
wasn't good. It was basically uh um
high-risisk stage three breast cancer.
Um so we had to kind of pause
everything.
Um, and she had to go through, it's
probably about eight months of a lot a
lot of stuff. So, she had to go through
surgery, she had to go through chemo,
she had to go through radiation, and
then she had to go through get on all
this medication and all this other
stuff. Um, and because it was stage
three high risk, um, it's like the
vigilance basically never stops in a way
because it's hard to know if, you know,
the cancer has been like, you know,
taken care of or if there's still, you
know, cancer and the exact state. So,
for example, my wife in two weeks or or
so, um well, yeah, in two weeks, we'll
be getting like a another scan or an
yearly her yearly PET scan to to see,
you know, the current state of stuff.
So, it's a kind of a a bit of a
nerve-wracking process. Um, but overall
though, um, considering my wife is doing
well, we don't know of anything where
the cancer spread. um beyond where it
was before and that was removed from
what we can tell um also with radiation.
Um so we think my wife is in a good
place but you just never know. You just
never 100%. I think that's part of life
though. Um but as a result of
my wife's reoccurrence and stuff, it had
to kind of um it forced me to refocused
a bit on my family and also on my kids.
So, we homeschool our kids and we're
trying a lot of uh things where we felt
like we're giving our kids a better
education than what a traditional school
could provide, not just with academic
subjects, but al also with sports and
music and language and a bunch of other
things. And we're just really, I felt
doing a good job. um with my wife's
cancer reoccurrence,
you know, I had to take on most of that
education uh for quite a long time and
it was and it has been a very intense
process where it's like we're creating
our own curriculum, we're creating our
own schedules, we're creating our own
sports programs. It's kind of it's a bit
like overboard in some ways honestly
speaking where instead of relying on
existing like after school sports
programs all this stuff we're creating
our own almost like a personal academy
for our kids hiring all these private
coaches coming with all these like
training programs and it's just uh and
that's just one aspect of of their
education and and it goes across many
different areas and in order to to
really I felt to do a good job I really
need to focus on that. So, for the past
year and a half, I've really been
focused on my kids education and um
developing curriculum across not just
academics, but sports and music and
language and all this other stuff. We
used a ton of AI, but we also use a lot
of just human, you know, persontoperson
contact. And part of it also, I felt my
kids were at this really crucial time in
their life. or eight and 11 where I felt
like it was like this golden opportunity
where if I miss this opportunity to
really invest in my kids and I might not
have another opportunity like this. So I
really wanted to just seize the
opportunity I had with my kids, put you
know whatever I can into it and do the
best job I could. And as a result um
that's where a lot of my focus has gone.
And also, you know, I've been uh uh
using the rest of my focus to keep up
with AI and to really take advantage of
AI. Always testing out the the latest
models, uh building stuff, making stuff,
etc. Um still running uh uh my software
company on the side. Doesn't take much
time. I probably will offload it and uh
by the end of the year, we'll see. But
overall, um, yeah, it's been a great,
rewarding, fulfilling time focused on my
kids and their education. Um, and I'm
thankful for the opportunity that, um, I
have where I can be able to invest in my
kids and really spend quality time and
try out new things and hire help and all
this stuff for my kids. So, I'm very,
very thankful for that opportunity. Um,
going forward in the future, I'm not
sure what what uh what things are going
to be in store, you know, who knows. Um,
but yeah, I do have a lot of interest in
education and maybe some of the things
I've learned in education might help
other people. Um, we'll see when that
time comes, but that's another hope. And
but the world is changing like a ton
with AI. And um, I'm always thinking
about it. And so maybe I could also
share more about AI and how people
navigate through kind of changing times
as well. But overall, thank you for you
know those who reached out and asked
about my wife and you know uh have told
me you guys are praying for her and us
are thinking about her and us. We
appreciate it so much. Uh it means a lot
and yeah my family is uh grateful
eternally grateful for you guys.
Anyways, just wanted to uh give uh that
p personal update and check out uh this
video and hope to see you guys in my
next video sometime. Thank you.