Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Is Building EVERYTHING At Once
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMT2OfYep7k
Published:   2026-09-04 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk and Jason from All-In podcast
both just teased how incredible Optimus
might be. Plus, we'll go through five
big factories Tesla and SpaceX are
building and their progress. You might
be surprised. First, Jason watched a new
Optimus video that Elon shared with him.
And he was so shocked he had to ask, "Is
this CGI or is this real?" Elon's
answer, "No, this is real. They just
sent it to me this morning." And he
says, "Optimus will be the bestselling
product." Second, we'll start counting
the factories under construction at Giga
Texas. The Optimus factory filing shows
almost 7 million square feet and the
joint Tesla SpaceX chip fab next door is
pouring its foundations about half a
million square feet. Third, the Terrafab
site in Grimes County is fully cleared,
though countywide burn is slowing the
landwork until fall. And finally,
Starbase, Louisiana's plan came into
focus. 10 launchpads in pairs and a star
factory with 7.6 6 million square ft on
a site 12 m long. Plus, SpaceX got $444
more acres at the Port of Brownsville.
Not sure what this is going to be used
for. Plus, a $220 million water deal for
the region. Brian White is joining us
today. He is the best person I could ask
to join us except for maybe Joe Techmar.
You and Joe kind of like even. Yeah, I
think
&gt;&gt; fair. Fair.
&gt;&gt; He is one of our only true Tesla
journalists. He's actually in Nepal
visiting and interviewing government
officials. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza. Thank you so much,
Brian. Appreciate you joining me today.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Great to be here. Yeah, I
did have a chance to interview a member
of parliament uh engineers at the bus
company. I got to talk with uh the
gentleman at the electric national
electric company in charge of uh EV
charger uh deployments and partnerships.
So, I've had some really great uh
contacts here, gotten a lot of really
great information.
&gt;&gt; Gotta check out your channel, watch
those videos. Looking for you to come
back home soon. Okay, so first let's our
humanoid optimist and it's, you know, we
haven't heard much about it. Uh it's
been very quiet for Tesla, for Elon.
They didn't want to show the demo. They
haven't talked about it and we're slowly
watching the factory. So, we'll take a
look at its progress. But in the
meantime, yeah, we did having a few
leaks here. Elon himself was interviewed
and he talked about a billion humanoid
robots will be more productive than all
humans combined within 10 years. Uh this
is him talking about a billion human
robots.
&gt;&gt; Good. Nonetheless, um, when you think of
humanoid robotics, the way the way you
think about it, I I think the right
framework is to consider that the
usefulness of a humanoid robot, a
general purpose robot, is going to be
um, roughly the uh, digital
the the AI software, how good is the AI
software times how good is the uh, AI
chip in the robot times how good is the
electromechanical dexterity, especially
of the hands. Um now all three of those
things are improving exponentially. Um
and and the usefulness of the robot is
those those three things multiplied by
each other. Then when you make the
robots the robots will um
um the robots will start manufacturing
the robots. So you get a recursive
effect. So it it starts off very very
slowly but then it grows um at an
explosive rate. Um so if you you say
like 10 years from now I would say there
are well over a billion humanoid robots.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Um and the productivity per robot will
be probably five times that of a human.
Meaning meaning that the productivity in
10 years of humanoid robots and I think
this is a conservative estimate by the
way. Um, this is this is one I I'd be
would be be willing to to put serious
money betting on. Um, that there will be
at least a billion robots in 10 years
and that those robots will be at least
five times the output of a human.
Meaning the the billion humanoid robots
will will um be more productive than all
humans combined.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, that is a video an
interview he just did on Monday, just
very recent here. Uh yeah, he he you
know said a lot of things that we've
heard before, but he also articulated
very well what it is required. Seems
very confident about it. What do you
think, Brian?
&gt;&gt; I love that the only leaks we're getting
are from the guy at the top. Uh it's
kind of fun that, you know, it it goes
to show how buttoned down everything is.
I do see people saying, uh because we
haven't seen a demo, there's no
progress. We know that's nonsense. I had
someone else say if they are worried
about competitors going through frame by
frame, just put a cloth on it, put a
coating uh so that you can um hide the
mechanics. I said, "Look, I'm going to
tell you right now, I don't care what
you cover it with. If I can see it in
action, I can tell you how it's put
together. I can tell you what it's made
of. And I'm not even Dr. Scott Walter.
uh he can look at those humanoid robots
that are completely skinned and with the
skin on I mean and uh tell you exactly
what's going on. So in terms of the
speed, of course it will happen. It's a
matter of time. In terms of the quantity
and uh and how quickly we're going to
get there, he says a lot of things.
They're usually overly optimistic. Uh
but great uh divide the number by 10.
That's still pretty to think about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Only, you know, I mean divide it
again. You divide it by a 100. I mean it
those are still
world changing numbers. Uh and I'm not
worried about what the optimist is
current state of development is. I've
seen people say, "Unless it can do these
four things, I don't care. It's not
about you. If it can do only four
things, it's it's about three things
more advanced than unitry, and they're
already on the market. So, it's going
to, I assume, launch with hundreds of
tasks that it's very good at, which will
expand to eventually, you know, millions
of tasks, all tasks. Uh, so I'm not
worried. The demand for a product like
this even with a limited set of
capabilities out of the gate is going to
be far greater uh than anything we've
seen before it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's talk about the next
thing which is Jason Kalcanis of All-In
podcast. He says he was he's seen the
Optimus bot recently. We already covered
that uh clip where he talked about it,
but there's a new clip. Let's listen to
what he said here. And um
&gt;&gt; Optimus, have you got has have you guys
seen the latest Optimus videos from Elon
by chance? Has he shown any of you guys?
&gt;&gt; Haven't seen.
&gt;&gt; He's not publishing publicly. I saw the
latest Optimus.
&gt;&gt; It would win half of these things
already. I You guys see it. It's
&gt;&gt; He's making sick progress and he's not
showing it publicly. But I saw
&gt;&gt; without the sparks coming out of its
midsection.
&gt;&gt; No sparks. But I I saw a video that I
said to him, I said, "Is this CGI or is
this real?" and he said, "No, this is
real. They just sent it to me this
morning." And it's like, whoa. Optimus
will be the bestselling,
I think, product.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, the hard part, as I
understand it, with these robots is you
can train them to do a specific action
like run in that race or jump or
whatever. But the hard part is when they
encounter a condition that they weren't
programmed to expect. And specifically,
when they have to interact with
something in the physical world, that's
when it gets tricky, right? Can they do
the whole folding laundry or pick
something up without breaking it or
dropping it or whatever? And
specifically something that they weren't
taught to do, you know, that's where it
gets tricky
&gt;&gt; there. Yeah. The fidelity of the
optimist is and its ability to do novel
things. You kind of nailed it. I don't
want to say anymore.
&gt;&gt; Can't say anymore, but he said a few
things there. Do you believe what he's
saying? You getting excited?
&gt;&gt; So,
uh, we don't know what he saw. He
wouldn't give us enough hints. The fact
that he looked at it and framed it in
the perspective of the robot Olympics,
saying it could probably win half the
events, tells me that it's farther along
than I thought, further along than I
thought, but it would be u interesting
to know which events. He's the other uh
comment that was very good is these are
those Olympic robots are singlepurpose
robots. They're very good at one thing.
It's going to be pretty silly to look at
the weightlifting robots in the future
because at some point you have to just
cancel the event because it's too
dangerous and stupid to even even watch.
Uh because it's a robot. It's just a
question of how how you build it. Um
there's no talent in that. It's just a
question of do we even want to
participate in this event? Uh so but
then can it go out and safely interact
with the world? Does it know how to stop
running at the end? We know the answer
to that. That wasn't part of the test.
The race is just to the finish line.
What you do after that is up is between
you and the wall because nothing else is
between you and that wall. Uh so I think
yeah again it doesn't need a million
tasks out of the gate but it sounds like
it's going to be uh a lot more tasks
than what people had expected perhaps
even more than I expected.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well that it's it's even Elon
framed it that way isn't it? It's like
uh you have to have the brains you have
to the mechanics inference to be able to
do tasks. That's what matters. And of
course, the mechanics of the hardware
has to last, but it's about the task. We
don't know that.
&gt;&gt; I have a robot company, Herbert. I've
built the perfect robot. The hardware is
perfect. And even though I don't have
any manufacturing, I partnered with
someone who can manufacture it. Now, I
just need a brain. I don't care how good
your robot is. If you don't have uh you
know cortex or colossus at your disposal
to crunch the training and make sense of
the world, you've got nothing.
&gt;&gt; You've got Yeah. a uh you've got a a
Formula 1 race car without an engine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Good. That's exactly right.
Okay. So, just to catch up people, that
video we just watched is most very
recent, but last week he had already
explained uh things like this. He said
he saw one of the latest Optimus demos.
Can't say what I saw.
I'll guarantee you we will be sitting
here in 10 years and there will be 1
billion Optimus in the world. Very
similar to what Elon said. I didn't say
million. I didn't say 10. I said 100
million. I said a billion. Uh then he
said it was better than the Chinese
robots. He said the hardware is about
1.5 generations ahead of what the
Beijing showed at Beijing robot games
and the brain is much further ahead.
Five generations. basically what you're
saying and out of 51 of those events he
thinks Optimus would win 35.
So that's significant. Okay, that is the
latest. Now let's talk about the
factory. Thank you again to Joe
Techmire. He flew his drone out there
and he also follows the filings, the
regulatory filings. Two recent Texas
Department of Licensing and Regulation
filings give us insight to the size of
the new Optimus factory and the advanced
technology chip fabrication factory.
This is the uh research f facility for
Terra Fab. But instead of waiting for
the Terafab, they're building it in
Giga, Texas, a small research uh area.
So the ATCF foundation will be around
490,000 ft, 45,000 square meters. The
Optimus factory will be shy of 7 million
square feet, 450,000 square me square
meters. These filings may have some
errors in them. Um, says, so there you
go. This is the Optimus factory. What do
you know about this?
&gt;&gt; What do I know about it?
&gt;&gt; Look at it.
&gt;&gt; It's almost there.
&gt;&gt; He says I think he says six more months
and then he'll think it'll be complete
and then, you know, things can be put
inside it.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, so this is in the north campus.
If you look in the distance, in the far
distance, you'll see a something large
and white. That's the original Giga
Texas factory. Uh this is uh there's
some subtle changes. They've rounded the
corners instead of putting 45 degree
angles on them. Um you can see it's
multifloor, but this is purpose-built
for their purposes. We've seen some
areas where unusually heavy footings
have gone in presumably to support
stamping or casting equipment, something
that is heavier than, you know, just
general assembly. Uh this I I'm going to
trust Joe's estimates on the timeline.
As big and done as this looks, it's
probably only half of the uh final steel
is in place as of now because it
continues farther to the south. Um, we
are expecting to see Optimus production
out of Fremont later this year, end of
this year, early next year, and by the
end of next year, uh, this factory is be
is expected to begin spooling up. Um,
based on the floor plan, you can see
it's got multiple floors. It is very
likely that there will be a lot of uh
office and engineering space here in
addition to just production because at
least for the first three to five but
probably more years probably forever
years you're going to want a lot of that
engineering and administration right
there on the site. Uh so when you have a
question you can just go over and ask
Dave instead of uh sending an email and
hoping that by tomorrow you get a
response. Um this is uh going up quickly
but that is the Texas way
&gt;&gt; very fast for your for American and you
said Texas is faster than everyone else.
So that's great. Now the a few people
realize this but Giga Texas there is an
area that they're going to build an
advanced technology chip fab. This is
you know the an area that a factory that
will start creating chips but instead of
waiting for the big giant terra fab
let's get started here a small little
mini fab we called it but uh 45,000
square meters. What do you know about
this? So this is more like an R&amp;D
facility just like how uh Optimus is
going to first be made in Fremont on a
compact line. Uh the chips will first be
made here in a pilot line just like
4680s were originally designed and built
out at Kato Road in Fremont, California
before they took the lessons there and
actually built an assembly line in uh
Texas and then Berlin. This is uh
keeping all of your engineering, all of
your experts in one place. It is big
enough uh to prove out the majority of
the concepts that need to be proved.
I've heard people say Terrafab will be
the most advanced chip fab in the world
and I say it will not. This will because
this will have whatever is coming next.
Uh so this is very very tiny Herbert.
It's only what you say a half million
square feet. uh that is still plenty big
enough. It is still a very large
structure. It just dwarfed in comparison
to almost anything else Tesla ever
built. So this is uh this is what we
want to see. This is uh this is great.
&gt;&gt; Boy, I really like that line, Brian,
when you said that uh the Terraab is not
going to have the most advanced chip
factory in the world. This one is
because it's the research arm that's
ahead. That's brilliant. like the way
like the way you think. Um
&gt;&gt; just calling it like I see it.
&gt;&gt; This is uh what is going on with the
joint venture advanced technology chip
fab construction of gig Texas. This
facility is unlike any constructed here
with a level pre precision and vibration
elimination far beyond the needs of
ordinary structures. Ah in reality this
facility could be the most important
construction project on the sprawling 2
and a half acre site.
&gt;&gt; Turn off his music. He always has his
music
which is great but I don't have
copyright on it so I got to stop it.
There you go. So it's work is starting
to Yeah. work is happening. Little tiny
guys.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it and it and it looks great.
Uh I don't know what they're doing to
mitigate microvibrations
because with advanced chip fabrication,
you know, nanometers matter and
vibrations can be very small and still
consequential.
But I'm confident they know what they're
doing and that's the important part.
&gt;&gt; All right, we were talking terapab
again. Thank you to Joe for giving us
the latest updates. There is a
countrywide burn ban in effect for
Grimes County. We kind of knew this
already due to extreme countywide,
sorry, countywide due to extreme heat
and dry conditions. So, this affects
construction projects including the land
clearing and debris disposal that we
have observed at Terrafab site over the
past few weeks.
So, he just explains all the burn ban.
So, I guess they're waiting for that to
happen. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very cool stuff. And by the way,
huge kudos to Joe because Joe doesn't
live where in Grimes County. Joe doesn't
live in Austin. Joe lives in San
Antonio. And if you want to know what
it's like driving from San Antonio to
Austin three times a week, just jump on
Google Maps and take a look at it,
especially during rush hour, and you'll
see that his commitment to this project
is uh commendable and tremendous.
&gt;&gt; It's awesome. I will see him at the
Cybercab launch event. He is the man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I know nothing about this. Uh SpaceX
gets approval for 444 acres near the
port of Brownsville, clearing the way
for a major expansion. Uh also approved
a major infrastructure agreement with
SpaceX. I don't know what this is for.
Do you know anything about this?
&gt;&gt; I don't know what it's for. No. Uh
Brownsville is of course where they
launched the Starship from. It's where
Starship development has been taking
place. uh as much land as they buy, as
SpaceX buys, as Tesla buys, as any
Elon's companies buy, you oh, that's
more than enough. And then you come back
and look at it two years later and you
realize you're running out of space,
man.
&gt;&gt; Uh so maybe that's why he has a space
company in the first place. I'll have to
do more research.
&gt;&gt; But there are um there are a lot of
things they could be doing. We know that
they do their metallurgy um in Texas. We
know they do their ceramics in Texas.
Maybe they want to bring the ceramic
shop uh to Brownsville. Um but but uh
yeah, it's probably vertical integration
things and it could be that they want to
have more uh infrastructure out there
for things like uh the uh propellant
uh storage, propellant loading and all
that. Uh but we I haven't seen anything
that would tell me what it's definitely.
Yeah, we don't know what it is. Okay.
Could be a data center, too. Um, all
right. So, of course, Starbase, that one
was we reported on last week and here's
the renderings of Starbase, Louisiana.
It is massive. So, I haven't spoken to
you about this and I wanted to get your
thoughts on it. The production site is
over 2 kilometers long. This is how long
it is. Star Factory alone has a floor
space. Star Factory is over at the edge
here. It looks like a rocket. Yeah. Uh
Starfire alone is 7.6 million square
feet. That's that one on the right here.
And then Gigab Bay, if it's still called
that, uh uh is four times the area of
the existing Gigab Bay design.
12 miles in length, 14,000 acres,
and there's going to be one, two, three,
four, five, and I've heard them say
sometimes even six. Let's just say
assume it's five. And then they're in
pairs. So, that's 10 launch sites. What
did you think about this announcement
last week?
&gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, I wasn't surprised. I've
been following it closely enough to know
that that land was under consideration,
if not already under contract. This is
old land that was uh owned by Exxon.
Exxon had stopped using it ages ago, was
just paying tax on it. To put in
perspective the size, not of the launch
area, but of the land itself, it is
larger than the city of New Orleans. Um
it is a very big piece of land. Uh early
in the show you mentioned how how long
it is, how how big the area is. Um I was
able to uh have an early conversation
with a drone pilot who said it is a
challenge to fly that site because it's
too big. It's too big. You park in the
middle and even then you'd have to go
six miles in either direction. That's
that's a lot of area to cover. Uh this
is I mean I don't know if perfect is the
right word. This is very good uh because
you've got a a number of inclinations
into which you can launch um without
going over land. But more importantly,
if you've ever seen a rocket launch, the
one thing that people always take away
from it is just how loud it is. If you
look at somewhere like Starbase, if you
look at somewhere like Kennedy Space
Center, you will see that they are real
close to population centers. This is
not. This is way out there. There are
humans that live there. There's humans
that live everywhere, but this is the
number of people complaining is going to
be very low and likely well offset by
the amount of money uh that flows into
the economy and makes everyone's lives
better as a result. within, you know, a
few years of operation, the population
in the area who work there will dwarf
the population that does.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I read something like uh
if you're within 20 miles of a launch
site, it's like uh it's still it's still
very very loud. Like a lawnmower, it's
very loud. But if you're 50 miles out,
which this is the the
city the closest is well over 50 miles,
you don't hear it as much. So, this is
50 miles away, which is great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if and if what you hear sounds
like a car driving by, that's fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fine. Perfect person. I'm
so glad that I had you today. We covered
all the different factories that they're
working on. Thank you to Joe Techmire.
Thank you to you for giving us all the
feedback of what's going on. The one
that we're all watching out for, they're
all important. It's hard to say. This
one's more important than the other.
Optimist, that one's going up fast. And
if they're spending the money to build
these factories, you betcha that the
chances are high that the product will
succeed. Otherwise, if they didn't feel
that confidence, they wouldn't be
rushing this. They'll be slowing things
down so that they don't overspend too
soon. This is the factory that's going
to make 10 million per year line. Now,
let's like you said earlier, let's
assume that that is way optimistic.
Fine. a million per year line. Still a
lot.
&gt;&gt; Even again, even 99% fewer, 100,000
robots a year would be world changing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, think about that. Thank you,
Brian. Check him out. Go to his channel.
Do that right now. Futurazza. Thanks,
everybody.