Channel:     electrified
Title:       A Wild Tesla Story / Exciting New Approvals & Unfortunate Endings ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DPkgQawIA8
Published:   2026-08-21 23:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-22 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. In my opinion, the best
part about this new Tesla stock note
from JP Morgan is nothing in the note
itself. It's how we got here. A quick
walk down memory lane. For 11 years,
from roughly 2015 to this year, JP
Morgan and its Tesla stock analyst had
the stock underweight. You may remember
years ago, it had some of the lowest
price targets on all of Wall Street.
During that same time frame, Tesla stock
actually appreciated in the neighborhood
of 3,000%.
Then November 2024, things get even
worse for Tesla and JP Morgan with the
whole $160 million warrant lawsuit. This
stemming from Elon's funding secured
tweet and part of that fallout was JP
Morgan suing Tesla for that $160
million, claiming Tesla flagrantly
breached a 2014 warrant contract. Tesla
then counters sues and Elon decides he's
pulling all of Tesla's business from JP
Morgan. Ultimately though, both sides
ended up dismissing with prejudice
because they realized it wasn't worth
the fight on either side. Then just a
few weeks later, Jaime Diamond in front
of thousands of people at a conference
in Davos says that Elon is the Einstein
of our time. And then Diamond said very
publicly he wants to do as much as he
can to help Elon's companies. So, for
those following the story, people are
wondering why is Jaime Diamond now all
of a sudden cozying up to Elon after all
of this bad blood history. Well, another
few months later and it turns out Ryan
Brinkman is off the desk for Tesla stock
and he's replaced with Rajat Gupta. And
then, as we all know, what happens? The
SpaceX IPO becomes a concrete event.
Goldman Sachs leads the charge for the
underwriting, but you know who is part
of the five main banks, JP Morgan. So,
why wouldn't Jaime Diamond change his
tune publicly to have a piece of the
action for the biggest IPO in history?
And then to cap all of this off, Jaime
Diamond hosts Elon for an interview as
part of the SpaceX IPO road show. And
Diamond doubles down publicly saying
Elon's the Edison and the Einstein of
our time. And the very next day, Rajat
Gupta out of seemingly nowhere decides
to take his underweight $145 Tesla stock
price target and bumps it to neutral
with a $475
price target. And here we are just a few
months removed from that with JP Morgan
analyst Rajat Gupta getting a tour of
Fremont and coming out with this Tesla
stock note. So what's that they say?
Show me the money, baby. That's why this
Wall Street is such a facade on so many
different levels. And I'm honestly not
at all trying to say take this JP Morgan
note with a grain of salt. That's not my
point here. I just found it incredibly
entertaining to watch one of the most
bearish outlets on Tesla from a Wall
Street perspective. All of the sudden,
seemingly out of nowhere, turn rather
bullish. And to have Jaime Diamond
cozying up to Elon right before the
SpaceX IPO is classic theater. Frankly,
most of the note was things we already
know, but in case you missed it, it was
reiterated V15 is the gateway for Tesla
scaling unsupervised. And the V15
upgrade does have these new seven core
technologies, and about 40% of those are
currently being tested in the robo taxi
fleet. The current AI4 chipset should be
capable enough to run version 15. So,
this AI4.5 or 4 plus, whatever you want
to call it, is more of a futureproofing
move than something that's required. Of
course, the Cyber Cab is the initial
form factor for autonomy with the Robo
Van and likely other form factors to
follow. Optimus on track for startup
production later this year and
potentially commercial sales as early as
the second half of next year. And of
course, we've known Tesla's
intentionally holding back scaling Model
Y. They can make 35,000 cars every week.
So, on one hand, it's encouraging that
Tesla has confidence in scaling the
CyberCap in the near term. But once
again, we've known Tesla making cyber
cabs is not the limiting factor. It
really is all about V15. So right now,
clearly Tesla's working through some
challenges with V15 with the looping and
pickup and drop off. But we do have to
give them some grace given how
fundamentally different this version
seems to be with these seven core
technologies. And again, Tesla's roughly
only 40% of the way to fully
implementing this new tech. But the
takeaway, plain as day, the current
limiting factor for Tesla scaling is
indeed V15. The Tesla team has now
officially said as much. V15 is seen as
the primary gateway to scaling
unsupervised FSD. And yes, the
expectation, at least for now, is that
your AI4 vehicles will be able to run
V15. And separately, after a multi-hour
hearing the other day, Tesla did receive
full approval for its permit where it
requested up to 5,000 robo taxis in Las
Vegas, specifically in Clark County. So,
that interim order that we talked about
recently has been replaced. We're still
waiting on some operational domain type
details for this new permit, but Tesla
being limited to 10 robo taxis in Clark
County is now out the window, replaced
with up to 5,000 over the next year.
However, Tesla made it very clear they
would be very pleased if they hit
between 2,00 and 2500 robo taxis in
Clark County over the next 12 months.
So, in my opinion, that should be a
bullcase type scenario. Also important
to note, Sawyer said that this approval
allows Tesla to operate across the
entire state of Nevada. But Eric from
Tesla said, "All teams are working to
hit the 5,000 the permit was approved
for as soon as we possibly can. This
permit for clarity is focused on Clark
County rather than all of Nevada. And if
you listen to the hearing itself, it
would have become very clear why. The
regulators are quite concerned with
first responder interactions because
they all handle things differently from
one county in one city to the next. So
Tesla can't start operating robo taxis
across the entire state because there
are dozens of different first responder
groups that need to be trained first.
And further, it can be a challenge for
these groups because Whimo and Zuks and
AV Ride and Tesla, they're all handling
first responder interaction a bit
different. And to highlight this point
on LinkedIn, Rachel said, "Last week,
our first responders had 12
opportunities to learn about the cyber
cab at Tesla. I'm happy we got three
night trainings for our night shift
officers who are often overlooked when
it comes to a first responder training.
So, all of these first responders with
their different shifts in their
different counties are going to need
their individual trainings. Now, of
course, long-term it'll be common
knowledge for how to interact with a
cyber cab, but it's going to take a long
time for everybody to get there. And
Tesla's representatives made it very
clear it's going to operate just like it
has in other cities. It's going to start
with relatively small geo fences. It'll
start with anywhere from 2 to 10
vehicles, and we'll scale progressively
safely from there. So, frankly, I think
the 5,000 number is nothing but a
distraction at this point. It's great to
have operational flexibility if
unexpected breakthroughs happen, but
listening to the hearing, that should
not at all be the expectation anytime in
the next year. And just to highlight the
current state of affairs, it was
somewhat alarming. One of the regulators
asked Tesla if they already have 2500
robo taxis operating in other cities. So
very clearly this individual had no idea
the size or scale of Tesla's robo taxi
service right now. So at this point I
guess I shouldn't be surprised by
anything but for a regulator who does
this professionally day in and day out
to be that out of the loop on what Tesla
has going on in a handful of other
cities is really something. There was
one other line a Tesla rep shared. She
was talking about if there are bomb
threats at a remote control center and
they have to evacuate that's why they
have multiple locations. one in Austin,
one in Palo Alto. This as part of the
conversation when the regulator was
encouraging Tesla to open up another
mission control or remote operator
center in Clark County. And of course,
Tesla said they were open to it. But I
think for Tesla to be expected to open a
mission control center in every location
where they have operations is obviously
not sustainable. And then as far as when
Tesla might launch the service in Clark
County, Tesla was asked if they'd be
ready to operate within the next 120
days. To which Tesla said, "Yes, we are
pretty well positioned to do so." And as
it turns out, there are currently about
3,500
taxi medallions issued in Clark County.
So, if Tesla can hit that 2500 number
within the next year, that would be
almost 72% of the entire taxi market in
Clark County. As of today, we still have
questions about airport access. We have
questions about top speed. We have
questions about the size of the geoence,
but it's great to see things moving
forward at a reasonable clip for Clark
County. So, based on the hearing and
what Tesla has yet to do for the
administrative side of launching in
Clark County, I think a reasonable
expectation would be a launch for Robo
Taxi in October. I'm guessing it'll be
around five vehicles in a small geoence
and they will be Model Y vehicles to
start as clarified by Tesla. It's also
worth pointing out that Uber and Whimo
also had their applications approved. So
altogether, these three companies could
deploy up to 8,000 robo taxis in the
next 12 months. But as we covered,
that's not going to happen strictly on
account of Tesla. Whimo can deploy up to
a thousand and Uber can deploy up to a
thousand which will operate through
partnerships with Hyundai's subsidiary
Motional and Zuks. So between taxis,
Tesla, Whimo, Uber, Zuks, Motional,
there will be a lot of competition in
this market. Even if you guys don't have
kids that are in school right now, it's
important to know that as the school
year gets close, scammers ramp up and
these scams become even more
personalized. And listen to the stat
already. One in 10 teens know someone
who's been the victim of AI deep fake
abuse. And one of the best ways to fight
back against all of this is to make sure
that you and your family's information
is not sitting out there on these
people's search sites, which is exactly
why I'm still recommending so adamantly
Delete Me, the sponsor of this video. If
you haven't done anything yet, things
like your home address, your phone
number, your family ties are exactly the
kind of information these sites will be
selling to anybody willing to pay, which
makes it way easier for somebody to
sound like they already know you. And as
I've said, Delete Me is an American
company. It's all they do. And they
remove your information from hundreds of
data brokers. And then they keep
rescanning because these listings will
come back. You guys know I've been using
Delete Me now for years. And last
quarter, delete me still found my
information on 54 different sites and
they had to pull 64 exposures. And this
after the prior period only turned up
six. So in one random quarter, that was
a 10x jump. Which is exactly why
cleaning out your information just one
time is not going to cut it the way the
internet works today. And what's great
about Delete Me is you can add a spouse,
your parents, and your kids 16 and up at
a discount per person. So, if you'd like
to support Electrified and protect the
people you love, you can head to
joindeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. It pains me to bring this
up, but Electric did report first that
Tesla has discontinued the solar roof.
The company told third-party installers
it will no longer supply solar roof
tiles going forward, only solar panels.
Two sources close to the program did
confirm the solar roof tiles are no
longer available to order and the
company will only supply conventional
solar panels going forward. Reason being
Tesla concluded the product was not
financially viable. And if you guys have
been following along, you will remember
about a year ago I got a quote for my
small ranch house about 1,500 square ft
to get a solar roof and the quote
$212,000
which of course was astronomical given
the footprint of this home. And maybe it
was a forced product all along because
if you go back to the Solar City
acquisition, part of the pitch for Tesla
acquiring Solar City was this new solar
roof tile.
&gt;&gt; My name is Lyndon Ry. I'm the CEO of
Solar City. I'm very excited about the
products we're going to be announcing
today. Uh the products you'll see is a
joint collaboration between Solar City
and Tesla.
&gt;&gt; The goal is to make have have electric
or you know solar roofs that look better
than normal roof, generate electricity,
have last longer, have better
insulation, um and actually have a cost
an installed cost that is less than a
normal roof plus the cost of
electricity. So then then why would you
buy anything else? It was even in the
title of Tesla's video at the time,
unveiling the Power Wall 2 and the solar
roof. Many of us will remember Elon's
famous aspirations for this program to
do about a thousand solar roof
installations every week. And the peak
for solar roof installations ended at
about 25 per week in its heyday. So, of
course, it's unfortunate. I was really
rooting for this program. I would have
loved to see this product become
successful because in principle, it
makes sense, but sometimes the economics
just can't get there. And when you look
at where Tesla's focus is now, that type
of niche product at that price point
just doesn't warrant the cost and
headache and complexity that comes with
it with everything else Tesla is focused
on. And look, to some degree, Tesla just
did not want to be in competition with
itself. If they're really going to scale
up to 100 gawatt of traditional solar
panels, which is the plan, then having
the solar roof still out of reach for a
majority of people just didn't make
practical sense. And I think it's fair
after a decade of trying, if they still
can't figure it out and bring the price
down, then let's cut our ties,
streamline our operations, reposition
those workers potentially to the normal
traditional solar panel business, and do
what we can to dominate that market. And
just to point out, David Moss, who's in
probably the top.1% of robo taxi rides
taken, he said in Austin, the pickup and
drop off performance has been rough. And
that coming from one of Tesla's biggest
supporters with the most real world
experience in my opinion is signal. And
this video was shared of FSD14.1
Light running over a huge log in the
middle of the road at over 30 m an hour.
As you can see in the video, the brakes
were not even touched. It did not
recognize the log at all. So, it's like,
how in the world are these things
possible when we have brake stabbing for
bunnies that aren't even in the road,
but yet we have this giant thing in the
middle of the road and it doesn't
recognize it at all. So, again, that was
hardware 3 in version 14.1 light. And
another one from Aron, a big Tesla
supporter. He said, "Critical
disengagement on 14.37."
The context was the car needed to leave
the parking garage to go to HB. It
started on the second floor, made its
way to the top floor, and ultimately
tried to find a path through this metal
wire fence, and if it had gone through
it, it was a sixstory drop to the
ground. As Arian said, you can see the
cars going at 4 m an hour throughout the
whole turn and was not slowing down, and
it wasn't trying to park because the
route was set to leave the garage. And
from a different video and the GoPro
inside the car, who knows if Tesla's
cameras were seeing something similar.
But looking at the path planner, it very
clearly seemed to want to proceed
through those metal wires. So the
chains, caution tape, crossing arms,
wires. For some reason, these are all
still serious challenges for FSD. And
separately, this video was shared also
hardware 3 on FSD 14.1 Lite with a
massive tree in the road. And as long as
FSD was engaged, it did not seem to
notice the tree at all, nor was it
slowing down. Now, sure, you can argue
he disengaged a little early, but
clearly the car should have started
breaking and getting out of the way
sooner than it did. Because again, while
FSD was engaged, it wasn't reacting at
all. So, what more is there to say than
everybody continue to pay attention and
let's hope for the best with FSD15.
Tesla said the specs and the launch
details for the semi in Europe will be
unveiled at the IAA Transportation in
Hanover, Germany, which is set to begin
September 15th. And we know in the past
Elon has said eventually the plan is to
manufacture the Tesla Semi at Giga
Berlin. And I still would not expect any
Tesla Semiis to be delivered to the EU
this year. I think at the earliest it'll
be 2027, but launch details coming in
just under one month. How about Edmonds
doing its best JP Morgan 180
impersonation saying two really good
reasons to buy the Model Y. It's fun to
drive and FSD is the real deal. So, the
awakening continues with Tesla haters
now turning into supporters. John
Erlickman said Tesla's expected revenue
growth over the next 5 years was 119%
and SpaceX would be around 290%. Elon
said, "I know this sounds crazy right
now, but I think both SpaceX and Tesla
will exceed these estimates." Of course,
it's hard not to think, "Wait a second.
Is Elon thinking about keeping these
companies separate over the next 5
years?" Personally, I wouldn't read that
far into the comment. More importantly,
when you run the math on those numbers,
that would have Wall Street expecting
about $227 billion in annual revenue
from Tesla by 2030 and SpaceX being at
about $49 billion. But we know Elon's
already talking about a trillion dollars
in revenue from SpaceX alone by 2030.
And I'll just tell you right now, if
Tesla somehow doesn't get acquired by
SpaceX and it's only doing $227 billion
in revenue by 2030, then a lot of people
are going to be quite disappointed. So
maybe crazy for the uninitiated, but for
those in the no, these numbers should be
exceeded meaningfully. Let me know below
if you guys are using Grockbot. I'd be
super curious. Farzod said, "I want to
be able to talk to Grock in my car and
automatically have it send commands and
actions to my Grockbot." To which Elon
said, "Agreed." And I asked because if
you're not using Grockbot, this won't
make that much sense. But if you are,
you'll understand why this would be such
a nice unlock. And SpaceX AAI just
opened up the Grockbot accessibility by
putting it in a lower subscription tier.
So, I'd highly encourage you to check it
out if you haven't because then you can
understand how awesome it would be to be
sitting in your car while it's driving
you. You just say, "Hey, bot, do X, Y,
and Z." And then your agents go to work
on your desktop, on your phone, in the
cloud, doing whatever work you want it
to do. And it sounds like that could be
coming at some point in the future.
Tesla released another pickle ball
paddle in collaboration with Cellkirk.
This one is up to $350 if you get the
bag with it, but this one is a cyber cab
theme. As a huge pickle ball guy myself,
of course, I had to grab one. So, I'll
have a mini review coming soon. I didn't
even know this, but in your Tesla
vehicle in the UI, if you go to the web
browser and go to Apple TV through the
web, when you open that link, it will
actually open up Apple TV as if it were
an in-car app. So, for any other theater
or browsing services, something to try
if Tesla doesn't have it natively yet.
Luca found this image of one of Tesla's
giga casting molds and the interior of
it. Apparently, it was going through
some service. So, here we get a rare
look at the interior and the complexity
of one of these Giga casting molds. And
all of those hoses are supposedly water
for cooling. And so, that image you were
looking at is the die frame. And this is
what the complete mold looks like when
it's actually complete. Tesla is working
through one of the largest automotive
recalls ever in China, but it's doing so
with numerous other automakers as well.
This all because of the recessed and
electric door handles for many of these
EV makers. China also said it's going to
ban these concealed door handles
starting in 2027, which is why Fron has
said Tesla's working on a solution. But
for now, the automakers, including
Tesla, will install warning labels free
of charge to identify the handles, while
most will deploy OTAA updates. And
Tesla's remedy specifically includes
warning labels and an update delivered
remotely that automatically lowers
vehicle windows after a collision. And
important to note, in the US last month,
Nitsa said it would consider new safety
standards to address the risk of
occupant enttrapment in vehicles during
electrical power failures. Unfortunately
for SpaceX, Elon said it looks like
we'll probably catch the ship with a
tower in a few months. So, not on flight
14. If there had been a tower out to sea
where we practiced landing the ship, it
would have been caught. The first
reflight of the ship will be either end
of this year or early next, that'll be a
fork in the road of history for
consciousness reaching the stars. The
White House released a new space
transportation policy today for the
first time since 2013. In it is the
stated goal of a thousand launches and
re-entries per year by 2030, which might
sound like a lot from where we're at
today, but let's not forget both Gwin
Shotwell and Elon have hinted at 10,000
launches per year being the goal. And of
course, their aim for that is sometime
around 2030. Part of this new policy
includes facilitating new launch and
re-entry sites and designating priority
airspace for space launch corridors as
well as integrating space transportation
activities into air traffic control
modernization efforts. And overall, this
calls for an evaluation of the
regulatory, programmatic, operational,
and technological barriers for prompt,
responsive, and resilient access to
space, including the ability to launch
quickly within 48 hours. And right on Q
last night, Elon said, "We're aiming to
reach 30 plus Starship launches per day
in 2030, which is around 10,000 every
year." Still tiny numbers compared to
airplane flights. So hopefully flight 14
is still in orbital flight. SpaceX
shared a video today showing a 60-second
static fire with all six Raptor engines.
So it looks like most signs are pointing
to a flight 14 sometime in September.
Tesla just released some exclusive
footage of the cathode site in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's cathode plant is the first and
only one of its kind in North America.
&gt;&gt; Cathode is the lifeblood of an electric
vehicle. Most of the performance in the
cell really comes from the high nickel
rich chemistry in our cathode material
that really enables us to maximize
energy density and extend the range of
our vehicles.
Tesla has done a really outstanding job
in terms of being efficient in both how
we do things and also what we do. We
plan to be 74% more efficient on a
greenhouse gas basis compared to our
tier one suppliers. Our cathode process
starts by mixing precursor which is
composed of nickel, manganese and cobalt
as well as lithium hydroxide. We then
densify our raw material before we send
it through the kil. It's then processed
to remove magnetic impurities to produce
our final cathode active material.
&gt;&gt; This ensures energy independence both
for Tesla and the United States for
generations to come.
&gt;&gt; Tesla stock closed the day at $362.86
up 5.14%.
And SpaceX closed at $136.97
up 2.22%
all while the NDX was up.33%.
Don't forget, check out delete me linked
below for those of you interested. And
as always, thank you for considering
supporting the channel in that way. Hope
you all have a safe and a wonderful
weekend. And a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.