Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Dropped Huge Cybercab And Roadster Updates
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lFXlHCwSbA
Published:   2026-05-28 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-28 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We've now learned a lot more about new
technologies coming with a CyberCap, new
information about the Roadster, and
Tesla's new strategy as they attack the
China market. First, Cybercaps are
spotted driving around Austin with
Starlink Minis bolted to the rear hatch.
We'll discuss why they might be doing
this. This comes as Tesla's vice
president of vehicle engineering, Lars
Moravey, just confirmed that CyberCaps
do indeed have certified 165Wh per mile
efficiency. This is the most efficient
vehicle Tesla has ever made. Second,
Tesla executives confirmed the next gen
Roadster will be built in Gigafactory,
Texas, and Alpha prototypes are already
testing. Plus, a new video shows Tesla
is currently building a massive test
track at Giga Texas. Third, good news
for Tesla and China. The Chinese
government introduced 154,000 NEV quotas
specifically for battery electric
vehicles, not including hybrids. This
targets younger middleclass urban
families, perfect for Tesla, which
stands to gain maybe 23,000 new sales. a
good sign for a strong Q2. Tesla China
also announced that Tesla Supercharger
card is now available to nonTesla
owners. WeChat prepaid cards can now be
used to charge non-Tesla vehicles at
supercharger stations. This should
unlock new revenue. Superchargers are
growing globally and lots of new updates
here today. We've got Brian White
joining us. He's one of our only true
Tesla journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Future Oza, for exclusive on
the ground factory tours and interviews.
Welcome, Brian. It's great to be here.
Lot to discuss. Uh yeah, some
interesting changes have happened this
week.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, specifically these new
technologies I wanted to ask you about.
Uh I know you know a lot about the cyber
cab and this is new appears to be that
it's been spotted Tesla Cyber Cabs
driving around in Austin and we're
watching we're seeing these Starlink
minis on the rear. So this is you know
grainy footage. Maybe it's like a UFO.
Is it real? Maybe it's not. Why is it so
grainy?
Cybercap spotter said, "Many more tandem
Cybercap sightings today. They all
appear to be equipped with Starlink
minis." So, first of all, why are they,
you know, maybe it's just one time? Why
are two following each other? But there
you go. Um, yeah. What do you think
about this?
&gt;&gt; Well, to answer the first, why why are
they following each other? If they're
putting them on all of them, then the
question is why would there just be two?
They're going somewhere. I mean, they're
going to a central place likely or
coming from one. Uh, so seeing them back
to back doesn't surprise me. Why would
you want a Starlink Mini? Well, they've
got that comm center. There's a little
data comm section right above the
occupants, but it was not Starlink mini
sized or shaped. Uh, so it is reasonable
that this is a backup communication
system. This is a in case of emergency,
in case of canyons, uh, use this. What
we know is that they're using 5G. Uh,
and with that you should be able to get
signal almost anywhere. But if you have
some kind of isolating factor in that
one place where there isn't cell
coverage or if the cell towers go down,
do you want to just trust that they're
all on their way to their destinations?
Even if the odds of having a need to
intervene are extremely low, if you're
in that vehicle when you have a data
blackout and it needs it, I think you
and I would find that unacceptable. So,
this is just another backup. I suspect
the people at Tesla know someone at
Starlink that can get them uh exactly
the kind of coverage that they need and
do so in a cost-effective and reasonable
manner.
&gt;&gt; I hope that they contacted that person.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Speculation on my part. Citation needed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so does this help with let's
say watching movies? uh or it doesn't
really matter because cyber cap like our
cars now you can watch a movie if you
wanted to Netflix while driving or do
you think that this would actually be
more effective for you know heavy usage
like zoom calls and uh driving
&gt;&gt; well you you know uh you've got a phone
in your pocket it can already do Zoom
calls if your phone can do it the car
can do it on the same data connection I
think that there are two parts to it I I
don't think it would be the primary use
but I think that while Tesla has these
huge data plans with AT&amp;T. Uh that uh
there is some bucket of data that they
have to draw from. So if you and I both
buy a car and I use a ton of data and
you use almost none, the fact that they
lose a nickel on me doesn't matter
because they still made a dollar on you.
Uh that's why we're not seeing data
limits on our Tesla vehicle connections.
It's there's going to be power users,
there's going to be very light users. it
balances out. But if for some reason the
entire fleet were to be getting too high
where it's going to incur additional
costs, they could determine should we
shift some of the load to Starlink? We
can. Um that would be potentially a way
to uh just increase the margin in a way
that is entirely invisible to you and I
and impossible to every one of their
competitors. I can imagine and when you
have a million cyber cabs and then you
need to coordinate all of them you know
how you know where they are all at you
can communicate to them of course manage
them but also uh you don't want to be
reliant on AT&amp;T if they decide to shut
it down you know you want to have your
own it's
&gt;&gt; your own backup plan well and when it
comes to a software update those can be
very large many gigabytes which for a
cellular network can congesting. Uh but
it doesn't matter when you get it. You
can get it overnight. So tonight, uh
maybe doesn't care, but but Starlink
definitely doesn't care.
&gt;&gt; 3 to 5 a.m. in any given region, the
satellites are probably wide open.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to do a show tomorrow
on Whimo how they've had to pull their
cars continue to go into flooded streets
and that was a software update that they
needed to do, but how come they haven't
done it? It's been over 2 weeks, 3
weeks, and maybe that's one reason they
need to bring the cars in to do that.
Okay, so uh other information about the
Cyber Cap was revealed. Lars Morvy was
interviewed at the Ride the Lightning
podcast.
Uh and uh what he Lis said was that
yeah, he confirmed CyberCap does have
165 W per mile efficiency. This is the
most efficient vehicle Tesla's ever
made. You can see the difference here.
So they can get away with smaller
batteries for longer range, right? Um,
this is how it compares. What What can
you talk tell us about this?
&gt;&gt; So this is a question I had for the
engineers when I got to speak with them.
I said 5.5
miles per kilowatt. And he said, "Yep."
And I said, "Come on, man. You're
pulling my chain here. There's no way
it's that poor." And he said, "Ah, yes,
I understand your question. 5.5 is what
we're allowed to say.
&gt;&gt; This is of course better. you know, six
plus uh because we know people who get
250 watt hours per mile or better. Uh
I'm I get better than that on my Model 3
and a lot of my miles are high-speed
interstate travel when I am getting
terrible efficiency compared to city
driving. Cabs are mostly going to be in
the city. So, we knew the number was
going to be better than what had been
advertised. We just didn't know how much
better. And this is incredibly
efficient, but it makes sense because
you wind up in a virtue cycle where as
you keep eliminating parts, eliminating
aerodynamic drag, things like mirrors,
the the weight, all of it, you get in
this virtuous cycle where you're going
to get really good efficiency. It's very
aerodynamic. It's very sleek. Um, and
it's got it will not have Tesla's most
advanced batteries, uh, sorry, motors.
It doesn't need to. It's going to have
its best balance of value, uh, for
efficiency in the motors. They might be
the new ones that have no uh rare earth
elements in them. They might not. We
don't know yet. Uh, but that is a very
strong possibility.
So, if you know, it's a balancing act.
The beauty here is that Tesla plans to
own a ton of these. They just wanted to
sell them. Whatever they do for the long
term is your problem, but they want to
keep them. So, making it serviceable,
making it a really good value, making it
durable, those are all in their best
interests, therefore everyone's,
including anyone who would buy one. If
you have a Whimo versus a cybercap, but
the cyber cap doesn't have to go into
super, you know, charging maybe, you
know, two or three hours a day less than
the Whimo does. Guess what? You've just
become more more car less cars needed to
be out there servicing.
&gt;&gt; So, let's talk real quick on the flip
side of this exact story. The new
Ferrari Lucy Goosey is what I'm calling
it. It's their new flagship electric
&gt;&gt; Luch Luch,
&gt;&gt; if you say so.
Uh it is uh it has a battery that's
larger than a cybert truck with less
range than a cybert truck.
&gt;&gt; And someone said, "Yeah, but it's got
800 volt architecture and can charge at
365 kW." Great. You have to just to
overcome those inefficiencies. Now you
look at inductive charging which tops
out at like 35 kow.
You're uh not going to be able to move a
whole lot of juice. But if your battery
is only 40 kilowatts, you can still
charge to 100 in like an hour. Uh, which
overnight is not an issue. And you won't
need to charge to 100 because you didn't
use 100. You probably only use 60% of
the battery over the course of the day.
You're still in and out in 30 40 minutes
and you didn't have to deal with it. So
having a a more advanced charging
architecture only matters if the car is
still efficient. These cars don't need
the most advanced charging tech. They're
the battery is so small and they're so
efficient that it overcomes it in a
cheaper way.
&gt;&gt; Well, we've now confirmed what you had
been saying for a while now. It's true.
Cyber caps are really, really efficient.
Okay, so the Roadster, the least
efficient vehicle that Tesla will make.
&gt;&gt; I batteries.
&gt;&gt; Okay, we'll see. I doubt it. So, this is
not of course the Roadster. We're
waiting for the next gen Roadster. But
what we've learned now is that the you
know uh France did confirm that the
nextG Roadster will be built in
Gigafactory Texas and Alpha prototypes
are already testing said a lot of things
will start to unfold in the next months.
Uh Lars said it's the first time Tesla
has designed a motor with pure
performance mentality which means I
don't give a crap about anything else
but power.
&gt;&gt; Uh eight years after the original
unveiling it might actually be
happening. Yeah. Uh we would don't hold
your breath and uh and uh Joe Techmar
confirmed that the Roadster is
officially a Texan. It's going to join
the model Y Cybertruck CyberCab along
with the Optimus robot, the Cortex data
centers, the SpaceX chip fab here in
Texas. it's going to be, you know,
ground zero to Giga Texas. And he also
point has been pointing out that there
is this test track that's being built
and I guess everybody's guessing and
guessing as saying that this test track
might be for the Roadster. I don't know.
Is that what you think this is for? It
is for testing generally, but here's my
hope against hope optimistic take is
that the now sold out X takeover on 1010
will also be the reveal of the of the
Roadster.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if that's true. No,
&gt;&gt; but I I don't I know. But I got a hope
against hope Herbert, didn't I? Preface.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good. I forgot that that preface
at the beginning. Okay, fine. But since
it's being made in Texas, this is the
track that I am confident they will show
it at. Why wouldn't they? Uh unless
there's going to be some super sketchy
dangerous flying bit to it. Uh and then
they couldn't show it here, I assume. Uh
just because the proximity to the
airport is very short. It's very close
to the airport. Uh so it is uh but this
is just for testing generally. Um, I'm
also hopeful based on its proximity, the
nearest large building you can see is
the delivery center. Uh, so maybe
they'll let new owners go out on the
track sometimes. Maybe it'll be special
events. Uh, but it is very, very common
for manufacturers to have their own
actual track on site. It is pretty
uncommon for them to not have one.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, I think you
we'll see if this is the roadster and
we'll this is the big unveil and that's
why they're doing it. I don't think so.
So, remember how they were going to do
the unveil in a first of all was
January, then it became April, then this
has nothing to do with this.
&gt;&gt; I thought they were going to do it in
2020.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 5 years ago. All right. Tell me
about this. This is very interesting.
You know a lot about China, Tesla China
specifically, but China announced that
they have this new 154,000 NEV quotas.
And of that, 119,000 is reserved for
families, 35,000 is for individuals.
they were allocated. So I guess China
has some sort of quota of who can buy
what kind of cars and and specifically
for the city probably. I don't know. And
and exclusively for battery electric
vehicles, they're not they're not
promoting hybrids or range extended EVs.
And this says with the family cutoff
score hitting a historic low of 36
points, younger techsavvy middle class
are finally getting license plates. So
they have the ability to buy cars. They
they because of course con congestion
and so forth. Many cities have this
restriction of which if you buy a car,
who can buy a car and then when can you
drive it into the city? Sometimes it's
like only on odd days or only if you
have, you know, different license
plates. This is massive for Tesla. These
buyers represent the exact target
demographic for the Model Y and 3,
setting the stage for a sudden surge of
highly motivated, qualified buyers. Uh
and uh yeah, what do you know about
this? So he's suggesting that this
person is suggesting that if 15% of that
quota is is issued and Tesla stands to
gain 23,000 new sales.
&gt;&gt; I think guaranteed is a little bit of an
optimistic translation on that story. So
the way it works in China is if you live
out in the sticks, the middle of
nowhere, you can just get a car. You can
get anything. You I mean heck, you can
drive your tractor on the road if you
want.
&gt;&gt; It kind of doesn't matter. Uh there are
still incentives in place to get an
electric car, but it's very lighhanded.
In the cities, they have the power to
use uh their limited uh resources to
encourage certain behavior. Beijing has
historically had terrible pollution
problems. when they had the Olympic
Committee come out to review it for the
what would that have been the 20 thou
early 2000s Olympics, they shut off the
factories for the week before the
delegation arrived so the air would
appear cleaner. Uh it was terrible. So
they know they've got pollution problems
and one way to address it is in China
with the amount of people in the amount
of limited space in cities there's too
many people who want a car. There's a
lottery to get a license plate and then
the license plate is eyewateringly
expensive. It can be thousands of
dollars to up to more than the price of
the car depending where you are.
&gt;&gt; And when electric cars came out, they
used it as a way to shortcut the
process. Tell you what, no lottery on
electric license plates. We'll just
issue them. Well, now that so many cars
are electric, they can't just give them
to everybody or the roads would become
impassible. But what they've done is
created the allocation of 154,000
people who can get a license plate that
otherwise would not have been able to.
As long as uh you fit, it's not
commercial. It's an individual or a
family and families get preference. You
can buy an electric car and license it
in Beijing. Beijing is not just a city.
It's like a mega mega city. They It
stretches really far out. It is
definitely larger than some US states.
Uh, so it is a big deal.
&gt;&gt; Wow, Brian, I don't know how you know so
much information. You really do.
&gt;&gt; I've been there.
&gt;&gt; I call you a journalist because you've
been there and you research and you ask
questions and you learn and you share it
with our audience. Thank you so much,
Brian. That was just full of new
information. I know nothing about this
and you taught me a lot. All right. Um,
Tesla's renaming their FSE supervise in
China to Tesla assisted driving. This
was spotted in the uh version of the
owner's manual. Another signal that it
seems like they're going to expand
extend this whether you know does this
mean that they are not able to offer the
full service of FSD or is it just ADAS?
I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; I think it's just words.
&gt;&gt; It's the words. It's the label. A rose
by any other name still smells as sweet.
You have a good choice of words there,
Brian. All right. So, you can see
there's Tesla assisted driving, enhanced
assisted driving, and basic assisted
driving. So, yeah, this must be more
than just ADAS. It really is FSD.
&gt;&gt; It's another sign that's coming. Okay.
Uh I just going to do a quick detour
here of factories because I know you
love this, Brian. This is perfect for
you. Tesla Asia, I know you you slobber
about this. You spend days looking at a
factory outline. I don't know what who
cares. Ta Asia showed these photos. The
breaking ground two years later, the
mega packs worldwide. Look at that.
Breaking ground two years later. Boom.
He's here. Now it's just a mega pack
factory. So yes, but still they're fast.
They can move fast. And then um so looks
like that's what is that May 23rd.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And then now May 23rd. So two years
exactly. Now this person was saying
Optimus Factory. Will there be China a
China one in the future? What do you
think, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Entirely possible. Uh, with FSD, they've
got this concern that having four-w
wheeled robots roving our country may
present a national security concern.
Therefore, we're going to require you to
only import the framework for FSD. You
have to train it locally. You can't send
the data in or out for that detailed
part of it for security reasons. Then
you've got Optimus, which is a robot
with two legs. Instead, it can go inside
of buildings and ways cars. Can't. That
presents the same data concern, the same
national security concern, but at a much
higher level. It is entirely possible
that Tesla could say, "Great, we're
going to build another data center to
train Optimus for use in China." It will
have general information when it gets
here just like FSD did, but it won't
have specific information that will be
neatly sequestered within the country.
And that if they were to do that, it is
entirely possible Tesla would be allowed
to then sell Optimus much the way
they're allowed to sell the autonomous
features today. So that would mean that
they have the opportunity to well then
they'd have to they'd have a reason to
build the factory. They'd have the
market in which to sell it. Um, these
are still question marks and I don't
think the answers exist today. I think
uh China will want to see how neatly the
data remains within China for FST once
they're confident that it works and is
safe and secure and that their national
secrets aren't leaking. Uh, I think they
would be more amunable to the idea.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I I you know, great points by
the way. 80% I I'm at 80% probability
that China will allow Tesla sell Optimus
there and build a factory there
&gt;&gt; and and the reason is for what you just
said they're testing it out with FSZ
right they they require Tesla to create
a data center specifically in the
country and that's why when they
launched FSE they first it was very you
know uh it wasn't allowed to use much
data at all so they just let them have I
don't know 500 cars or some very limited
use of a of a of a version of FSE that's
old, but now that they've got the data
center, you can see all the hiring, they
can now prove go ahead and launch it
nationwide, but protect the data.
They'll want it there. Can you imagine
if you're China and you don't have the
best humanoid, not only to help your
companies, right, all the companies
there to use it, but also to teach and
build a supply chain just like they did
with EVs. I think that they'll do it.
We'll see. Well, and it and I think it's
still too early to know who the winners
and losers are going to be. It's
reasonably clear to you and I that Tesla
will be a leader, if not the leader. And
but we don't know pricing or or we we
can't see a full year into the future on
robotics. It's just too far away for me.
Maybe you've got No, no, that's why I
I'm not 100%. I'm saying 80%.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, was it hoping against hope?
Ryan, didn't you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Sorry. No, I forgot. I thought it was an
echo.
&gt;&gt; I was just hoping about hope, Brian.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, this is interesting. Uh, Tesla
China announced that the Tesla
Supercharger card is now available to
non-Tesla owners. Apparently, you can
just use the WeChat prepaid cards. If
you're a non-Tesla car owner in China,
you can use the WeChat prepaid cards to
now use Tesla Superchargers.
&gt;&gt; Now, I thought you'd have to have a
deal, I guess, with the vehicle maker
like to to be able to adopt this
technology, I guess, or I guess they are
they already able to just
&gt;&gt; My understanding was you could already
use the Tesla Superchargers, but you had
to download the Tesla app. And you know
how people are about downloading one
more app. Now, I love that it was
translated as the WeChat prepaid card
when it's not a card, it's an app. But
everyone has the We pay the We We pay
and WeChat. Uh so it's it just becomes
an easier payment method. There's no
steps involved. There's no payment
processors taking a cut. It's the money
that's already in your account.
somebody. Imagine if I Venmoed you $8
for yesterday's coffee and today it just
comes out to charge your car.
Effortless. It just expands the market
by the tiniest sliver, I'm sure, but an
easy sliver that took no real work to
do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, like you said, in China,
everything's done with the WeChat app.
Every payment is done. You go to a
stall, use the WeChat. Um, okay. So,
this is great. um two adjust adding just
two non-Tesla charging sessions per
stall daily across 1,000 open stations
an average of 10 stalls per station
drives an extra 600,000 kilowatt hours
of daily energy sales
45 million US in annual revenue. Okay,
it's nice.
&gt;&gt; Great. Yeah, I mean I mean every bit
counts. I guess 45 million's okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there you go. All right, Brian,
you're so smart. What is Tesla Oasis?
Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Does it
have another name?
&gt;&gt; No, it's called Tesla Oasis. How do you
not know?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. Beats me.
What is it?
&gt;&gt; It is a
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Yes. The uh Lost Hills
location. Ah, see, I knew
&gt;&gt; 12 cars charging simultaneously on
Memorial Day afternoon. Max is the uh
the Tesla executive in charge of Tesla
Superchargers, the truly critical
infrastructure for the San Francisco LA
corridor powered by Sunshine. By the
way,
&gt;&gt; uh the Tesla Oasis reached a peak of 112
cars located in Lost Hills, California.
It is the world's largest charging
station with 164 stalls, powered
entirely by solar mega packs. Beautiful
solar mega packs. Look at that.
&gt;&gt; Uh solar power. So, it's free. It's free
to Tesla. It's free. Isn't that great?
&gt;&gt; Look at that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is almost entirely free. Uh I
mean you still have property taxes and
you know maintenance on the pro you know
garbage removal all that but all that uh
juicy solar energy streaming in uh you
know the the fision nuclear fision
reactor uh which we keep conveniently uh
one astronomical unit away from where
we're using it is uh is great at
powering all sorts of things. This
station was built to be too big on
purpose. The I5 corridor is a high
demand area for Teslas. The West Coast
is Tesla Central. That's where you find
the highest adoption rates, the most of
them on the road. And holiday weekends,
the fact that they topped out at 112
cars is amazing. That means there was
still some room there, that means next
year it won't be full. The year after
that it won't be full. Um um and of
course they're always adding more
locations. And on this site they do have
a connection to the grid, but it's a
very small connection. What they really
have is enough megaps so that all day
it's juicing up and all night it's
discharging from the mega packs. And if
for some reason you had a prolonged week
of cloud cover during a holiday weekend,
uh, and for some, you know, and
everybody's charging every stall, every
minute, they can still pull from the
grid as needed, uh, through the very
narrow pipeline. And the real benefit is
they didn't have to upgrade all the
lines and all the transformers all the
way back to the substation. That would
have broken the deal. That would have
made it prohibitively expensive. This is
cheaper. What's the likelihood that
they'll copy this for other
superchargers like make it more like
regular because look how I mean that's m
first of all it's 164 so that's a lot
but you know let's assume it's
one/10enth you have 16 in other
superchargers you'll have onetenth
requirement of this but still that's a
lot of land for solar panels to be able
to do it for free is there a way to have
you know roofs and is that enough
&gt;&gt; it's not likely that it's
So, the cheapest solar is ground mount.
The second cheapest is rooftop. The
third cheapest, aka most expensive, is a
canopy. There are a lot of parking lots
in the southwest that have canopy solar
uh solar canopies because it adds
tremendous benefit to the people who
aren't using the solar. They just want
the shade. Being out of the weather is
nice, especially when the weather is
punishing. So there are already enough
parking lots in the US to provide for
all the energy needs of everyone for
every application. There are if you were
to have I mean look at any of the
chargers you see at a shopping mall or a
Target. How much of that parking lot
would you need to cover to make up for
those eight stalls? 15 16 stalls? Not
that many. Uh so it would be a small
chunk of that parking lot but it's
expensive. So the the ground mount ones
they're using in Lost Hills are the
cheapest. So I can see it expanding in
two ways. In places where power is very
expensive, like California, they could
do the canopies. It would probably be
justified. Anywhere that has grants for
this sort of thing could justify the
cost. Uh a premium mall that wants to
add the shade could chip in on the cost.
&gt;&gt; But throughout the middle of the
country, you and I have done road trips.
I've gone east to west more than you
have. It gets real quiet out there.
Taking up a few acres is not as
difficult uh in most of the country the
way it is on the coast. So, it is
possible to approach it from a few
different ways successfully.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Okay. Talking about
superchargers, it's going global. Um
Tesla charging announced that they're
now in Colombia
and um look at that. uh we spend a lot
of time supplying charging demand in
mature markets. But the reason Tesla
charging started its reason is the
freedom to roam anywhere in an electric
car. That's why opening up new markets
is special meaningful to work on. Lot of
work ahead but excited to start scaling
superchargers here. Latin America, look
at that. You can see that they're
expanding superchargers everywhere.
Volvo EV drivers starting in fourth
quarter of this year will be able to
access more than 20,000 supercharger
stations in 29 European countries
directly through the Volvo cars app. So
this is now happening as well.
&gt;&gt; That sounds great. That sounds like if
they already have payment processing set
up, you can just do the thing where you
plug it in and walk away. That would be
uh removing any barrier between you and
your product is a good thing. And if
Volvo has successfully done that, that's
great.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Brian. Yeah, Starlink minis.
I think that's my favorite story for
today.
&gt;&gt; I think uh I think there's more to it
than what we discussed.
&gt;&gt; There's more to it.
&gt;&gt; I can't wait to find out.
&gt;&gt; I think there is something big deal
about it. Okay, thank you so much,
Brian. Follow him on his YouTube
channel. Check out Future Aza. That's
where you see the future. Thanks,
everybody. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at
herbertalm.com.