Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Wall Street Is Missing Tesla’s Robotaxi Advantage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL4w-HitWzA
Published:   2026-09-02 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-02 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Opinions on what Tesla's FSD and Robo
Taxi will do to share price, to the
revenue, to all of that vary. There are
some mixed opinions, but perhaps no
opinion is quite as mixed as that of
Gary Black from Future Fund. Yeah, Gary
Black has some strong opinions, and
we're going to explain some of them,
specifically his spat. Joe Bakhti, and
who's right, who's wrong, and [music]
who's crazy. Spoiler alert, well, he all
are.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Future of Awesome.
So, guys, I am almost done in Nepal. I
know it appears as though I'm just a
disembodied head speaking to you from
the void, but the lighting is just nice,
so I'm going to go with it for this one.
It's a little different. Something to
Something to think about. Hey.
Uh so, Gary Black says Wall Street's
Tesla Robo Taxi skepticism comes down to
market share, not growth. Autonomy will
quickly become a commodity. Now, these
are two different things, but uh we
smooshed them together for the sake of
that headline. We
my fellow journalists and I. I had no
part of it. Future Fund's Gary Black
said suddenly the Tesla Inc. bulls are
misreading how Wall Street actually
values companies' Robo Taxi business.
Pushing back against an argument that a
sharp repricing is inevitable once the
units' earnings become undeniable.
Now, I can see where they're both coming
from. Joe, respectfully, you've never
been a Wall Street analyst. Bakhti
Black said in a post responding to Joe
Bakhti, who argued that analysts don't
wait for Robo Taxi cash to land before
adjusting price targets, since equity
research is built on next year's
earnings, not trailing results.
Well, yes and no. Mostly, they work on a
dartboard. Stock go up, reprice. Stock
go down, reprice. Uh
it's fun to watch them just kind of
trail it as it goes up and trail it as
it goes down. Uh sometimes they're more
aggressive. They never show their mouth.
You don't know what they're thinking and
honestly, I'm not convinced that they
are thinking. But you know who is
thinking? Because I saw this on Monday.
Performance Wealth Partners LLC
purchases shares, 13,000 of them, of
Tesla. And while we're at it, we should
mention that Simplicity Wealth LLC
picked up 21 million. Now, this will
probably come out on Wednesday. Uh so,
Tuesday, Wednesday, probably Tuesday.
So, uh we've got very little time,
precious little time before the
Cybertruck event. All of this could be
irrelevant by then. Uh but it is
interesting and I would argue worth
noting. So, Wall Street uh analysts
forecast valuations based on their
projections of forward earnings, not
back. So, uh
what Gary is saying is, we don't care
how much that revenue is when it shows
up. We just care that it shows up. Uh
and it's hard to break it all out.
He said, "Wall Street assumes Tesla will
achieve unsupervised autonomy at about
the same time as a handful of others.
This is where Gary gets it very wrong."
You see, that's true of something. When
it's software-based, for example. When
speech to text was finally cracked, it
was cracked by everyone within 6 months
because it was a software problem. Once
you had the software working, you could
put it on anything. You could put it on
people's phones, their computers, on
incoming telephone lines. You could put
it anywhere.
But this is not a software issue. I
mean, it is, but the software requires
the hardware. That's like saying as soon
as SpaceX solves reusable rockets,
everyone will solve it at the same time.
No. No, Falcon 9 has flown hundreds of
second and additional missions, reuse
missions.
They're already starting to phase out
Falcon 9 for the bigger, better thing.
Falcon 9 isn't completely dead. On
Monday news, I may have overstated it a
bit. They still have the Vandenberg
launch site. Uh they will still continue
doing some launches with Falcon 9, but
most of their business is with Starlink,
and Starlink doesn't need the Falcon 9.
It needs the Starship. Uh so, their
biggest customer, themselves, anyway,
they're outmoding it, and no one has
caught up. Yes, uh Blue Origin has a
re-flown a rocket once. The Chinese have
demonstrated they can land and even
catch very large boosters,
but no one has commercialized it yet. No
one has reached that level.
FSD is at its core a hardware problem
with a software layer.
And so, maybe Wall Street isn't paying
attention. But I would say that Plato
Investment Management, on Monday, uh was
announced $27 million of shares they
bought, and uh
Tesla was purchased by MidFirst Bank,
4,000 shares. What would that be, like a
million dollars worth of shares? I mean,
heck, we could even throw in Occidental
Asset Management, new investment in
Tesla Inc. I didn't grab the dollar
amount on that
because I didn't think it was
as important.
Anyway, Joe, respectfully, you've never
been an analyst. Uh
not based on where the first number
prints. As I've argued for years, this
where Wall Street differs. Uh with more
than Waymo currently leads the market.
Yes, Waymo currently leads the market,
just as steam locomotives uh led the
market at the advent of the diesel
locomotive.
It doesn't mean the transition won't be
rapid.
Things can change very quickly. When uh
Ellison, was it Ellison?
Uh no. Uh who was it that owned the
first uh uh cell towers?
Uh he went all out buying and building
space for cell towers. He built out a
massive cell network. AT&amp;T looked at it
and said, "Total addressable market,
couple hundred thousand. Nobody's going
to buy these." And then of course they
had to turn around and pay him millions
for it. Uh sorry, billions for it
because they were wrong.
You've got something that's new, that's
better, that's different. It's not going
to cost $300 a month in the '80s
forever, especially as you add more and
more scale.
Uh so, yeah. And there's also
Amazon has Zoox. Amazon doesn't have it.
They're just one of the major backers.
So, there's Zoox, there's Waymo, and
there's Tesla.
That's it, my friend. There are some
other hopefuls. There are some some
also-rans. Uh but that doesn't mean that
they're ready to go.
If Waymo wants to go full speed, they
can. They just don't have a way to
scale. If their vehicle costs three to
four times as much as a cybercab,
well, you're going to have a real cash
value uh valley while they build out
network, while they build all those
vehicles. Uh they don't have car.
What they have is everybody else's car,
which is expensive. It's a very
expensive approach. We've covered it
many times on the channel. But I should
also mention that
Joseph P. Lucia and Associates purchased
shares in Tesla as well. Uh 12,000
shares bought by Palace Capital Advisors
and Insight Wealth Partners bought a
million dollars of the stock. So, what
I'm kind of getting at here is that
there is uh a few companies moving on
this, not waiting for the print.
And this happened Monday.
Randy Kirk asked me, "Why do I think the
stock was performing so well on Monday?"
I said, "I think this is why."
Uh Um, could be wrong, but
a lot of institutionals are getting in.
Tesla used to be very light on
institutional investors, something like
30% were institutional compared to
60-70%
of the float, not counting Elon shares,
were ins- were retail investors like
myself.
That number has shrunk.
And because it just has. Because retail
investors, some of them have become
impatient. I get it.
Uh Black compared the current debate to
a dispute five years ago when some
retail investors projected Tesla would
sell 20 million EVs by 2030, implying a
20% share of the global market.
Preposterous, he said.
Now, I could see a path to 20 million. I
tracked it. And I was among the first on
YouTube to say, "It's not going to
happen. It's over. Uh write it off. Uh
we had good growth, uh but then the
appearance of additional factories
failed to materialize. There was no path
to 20 million without the factories and
which
So if Gary can understand that,
how can he not understand that there is
no path to being number one unless you
have the factories to build the cars?
Don't get it, Gary.
Not Not mad at you, Gary.
I don't dislike or distrust Gary.
I disagree with Gary. Wall Street
analysts have lower price targets on
Tesla than Tesla enthusiasts because
Wall Street analysts assume a far more
realistic Tesla market share of
unsupervised autonomous ride hailing.
Disagree.
Disagree. The target they have isn't
because of autonomy. It's because they
believe Tesla's going to conquer the
world
in the same way the Dutch East India
company did.
Uh they have um
a lot of irons in a lot of fires, and
all of them could make the company very,
very big. If one or two of them hit,
it's going to be uh ridiculous.
And it's not about
the percentage of the market because
what we have found is that you can price
a cyber cab exactly the same as an Uber
and stay too busy.
Cuz with a cyber cab you don't have to
tip, they're already cheaper. With a
cyber cab you don't have to worry that
the driver is tired or distracted or has
a nefarious intent.
You don't have to worry that the, you
know, vehicle is perhaps out of date or
out of gas. You don't have to worry
about any of that.
Uh so
then you start looking at well then you
can drop the price. Waymo doesn't have a
path to drop the price.
Their costs are high because their
expenses are high. Their price is high
because their cost is high.
And there's no way to fix it.
Which is, you know, uh crazy.
Uh but
it happens. I I should mention while
we're here that um
you don't remember I mentioned this,
Insight Wealth took on a million of
Tesla.
Uh One Digital Investment Advice
Advisors took on 18 million of Tesla.
And Deutsche Bank picked up $4 billion.
Four
or
uh billion dollars. That is uh for those
uh scoring along at home, uh a lot of
billion dollars
uh to put into Tesla shares.
Deutsche Bank doesn't get it.
Well, they get something.
Uh specifically, they get $4 billion of
shares in Tesla.
So that's, you know, uh and again, these
all were published Monday.
Tesla does not separately disclose
robotaxi revenue. It's in services and
other segment which includes vehicle
servicing, supercharging, and FSD
subscriptions. I'm pretty sure I'm
pronouncing that right. Which grew 50%
year-over-year.
Its robotaxi fleet has grown to 175
vehicles with Miami added as a fifth
market July. That 175 number out of date
As of what was it? Monday-ish, we saw a
whole lot of companies, Sunday, Monday.
I'm I'm I'm 12 hours and 45 minutes
ahead of Pacific time, so my days are
very hard to keep track of here in
Nepal. I will be home by the end of the
week. They are growing rapidly.
But here's the thing on autonomy, if
Ford solves it today, like truly level
two good ADAS, go anywhere. If Rivian
solves it today, today, go anywhere
level two supervised FSD,
they have no chance. Because Tesla has
already built a million cars that can
click on subscriptions today. They can
print a hundred million dollars a month
off those subscriptions, and that number
is climbing all the time. Actually, it's
been since '23 that they've done
hardware 4.
Um not to not to impugn hardware 3, uh
it is also doing quite well with version
14 light. Just the hardware 4 cars,
you're probably up to 2 million now,
huh? 2 3 million? So, they can print
hundreds of millions of dollars per
month. People don't even have to buy the
car from you, they can buy it
second-hand, activate it, and Tesla
makes 1,200 bucks a year
on a car that if someone else sold it,
would probably only have $3,000 of
profit.
3,000 is what Ford might make off a car
like that.
$3,000, so in 2 and 1/2 years, Tesla
will make that much off the second buyer
of that car. Ford will take 2 3 4 years
to get all that hardware into those
cars. At that point, it could become a
commodity, but not until then. That's,
you know, crazy. So far this year, Tesla
shares have fallen 20% and are at a
5.89%, it doesn't matter. The stock
price doesn't matter. Every now and then
I'll have someone say, "Do you realize
that 1 year ago today, if you invested,
you'd be down this much?" And I go,
"Right, but if you'd have picked 8
months ago or 14 months ago, you'd be up
this much. It doesn't matter. We're
picking arbitrary times." Well, I I
picked an even year.
Right, but you picked it on a day when
it worked for you.
That's not how the stock market works.
You don't get to pick the day that you
traded on after you did it.
Would be pretty crazy. Would you, could
you, but you can't.
Panoramic Cap- Panoramic Capital
Partners LLC, 1.56 million. Mitsubishi
UFJ Asset Management Company,
acquired a position. By the way, this is
actually related to Mitsubishi. They are
not parent company, they are cousins.
They are under the same umbrella.
This asset management company is 350
years old.
Paragon Wealth Management invests 45
million. I mean, these go on for days.
AMG National Bank, National Trust Bank,
Paragon Partners. I might have already
mentioned that one. Focused Alpha picks
up 4,500 shares. Phillips Wealth picks
up almost a million.
And 7,000 shares for Trust Company of
Vermont. All of these it just keeps
going. On Robo-taxi, nobody has the cost
advantage that Tesla has. Nobody. Not
even close. In China, there are
competitors who will get to that price.
But those will not operate in the US.
And who knows, Cybercab may not operate
in China. Or it may operate very
differently. We don't know yet. The
regulatory landscape over there's quite
different. Tesla has been training their
autonomy on strictly sequestered Chinese
servers
so that the data never leaves.
If that satisfies the requirement, FSD
and Cybertruck Cybercab can roll out
there quite easily, quite successfully.
If not, well, you've still got the rest
of the world. In the rest of the world,
that's where the competition's going to
be. In Europe, if Tesla is approved for
FSD, that means others can as well.
Geely, BYD, Huawei. It means that BMW,
Mercedes, Volkswagen fall further
behind. Not ideal, but it's what happens
sometimes, I guess. So,
let's wrap this up. Uh
Gary, I think missed the mark on this
one,
unfortunately.
Maybe I'll have Gary on sometime to help
me understand his thinking. I'm, again,
not a hater. I don't hate Gary. I've met
him a number of times.
He's fine.
But, I disagree with him quite strongly
on this point.
And
my track record on predictions for what
happens with Tesla has been quite
strong. I'm never one of the ones who
said, "It's coming this year. It's
coming by this date." I don't make those
predictions. I can't. I know I can't.
Others have. And, like any prediction
for the future, they're going to be
wrong in one way or another, unless you
provide a very big time window.
So, what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? Leave it in the comments
below. Huge thanks to the Patreon
supporters, the ex-subscribers, the
YouTube channel members. You are what
makes this trip possible. I do think
it's very strange that I take a couple
trips to China and people say, "You're a
Chinese government agent." I take just
as many trips in Nepal, to Mexico, to
other countries. Nobody says a word. How
come How come I can't be a a Nepal
sleeper agent, huh? I mean, isn't that a
thing? Isn't that something I should be
accused of? I don't know. I think I look
I think I look pretty good. Going to
have to find out if this is cultural
appropriation though, because I don't
know. You come to the US and buy a a of
cowboy gear from another country. We
think it's awesome.
You better
please appropriate my culture. It's not
really my culture, but you get the idea.
Well, stay tuned. Stay juicy, and I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots.
I'm going to get some sleep.