Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       The Stock Market and $TSLA Are Ready To RUN!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWb1j-Jntzk
Published:   2026-07-13 00:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-13 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many are worried about the market, about
an AI bubble, the war in Iran, oil
constraints. But why do I see something
completely different? A market set to
break out. Proof that there is no AI
bubble and the greatest AI breakthrough
on the verge of scaling. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
Over
the past week, we have seen
re-engagement between the United States
and Iran with more attacks going on,
threats to close the straight of horror
moves. Same thing we see over and over.
Now, last week, the markets didn't
really seem to care much and almost
dismissed it as if we've seen this story
before. We know how this going to play
out. I would be cautious going into this
week thinking that that's going to
continue to be the same narrative.
Overall, I do think just looking at how
the futures markets are talking about
oil, how what I can see within the
option chains themselves, it still looks
like in the big scheme of things, this
is a bit of a nothing burger. However,
you got to understand things are kind of
ratcheting up right now. Last night, we
saw Iran attack Kuwait oil rigs. Now,
this is an escalation that we hadn't
seen up to this point where they're
actually attacking infrastructure,
especially in the oil field. Supposedly,
this wasn't intentional. Supposedly,
according to Iran, they didn't even do
it. But this is just showing you a
little bit of the escalation. On top of
that, even the United States are
starting to attack closer and closer
near Iran's oil refineries, their oil
ports that send everything out. So,
things are starting to get a little more
heated. It sounds like there's no real
progress towards getting back to the
negotiation table. But with that said,
we also hear that there are other
discussions happening in the background.
Pakistan's trying to renew them again.
So, it's a lot of fog of war right now.
We don't know what to trust. We don't
know if if Iran saying that there's a
kernel of truth, if we're being fed our
own propaganda. It's hard to tell. At
the end of the day, none of this really
matters. What matters is how does this
affect the market? My point of view
right now is I don't think this going to
have a major impact other than maybe a
little jittery this coming up week,
maybe starting off Monday. And that's
mainly because the markets have been
closed. Moving forward, I do think that
oil continues to flow. I think we've
seen enough divergence out of the street
of Hormuz and even the US sneaking
vessels through that. I think one way or
another things continue. Even the
attacks that Iran are throwing back
towards the United States, it's not even
towards the United States. It's really
the other Gulf regions. It's not exactly
having meaningful impact right now. I'm
not saying dismiss it completely. Be
aware that it's happening and you never
know what could happen tomorrow or the
next day. But I do think this will
continue to be a nothing burger and I
think the market in general has moved
past it. Doesn't mean it's all going to
wrap up tomorrow, but the market has
looked past it by now. As far as
tomorrow goes, expect a little
volatility, but I think it's going to be
something that the market's going to
shrug off once again. I think things are
actually set up structurally to continue
this bull market that everybody's been
saying doesn't exist. And we've had a
lot of people talking about a bare
market, AI bubble, all this narrative,
but why we're structurally set up to run
into all-time highs towards the end of
the year. So, let's start off by taking
a look at the S SP&amp;PX, which is the S&amp;P
500. If you look at this, we've talked a
lot about this is the BX trender. I want
you to somewhat ignore everything you
see as far as the stock goes. I just
want you to focus on the bars in the
middle of the page here. This is the
monthly momentum or the monthly BX
trender. Right now, you can see that
currently we are still structurally
going higher. We're not overbought.
Everything is looking very constructive.
We've gone over this to look back on how
this could have helped you avoid the '08
financial crisis, completely avoided the
dot bubble and even further, right? So,
we've seen this be a real good signal
for us, especially on the monthly, but
the monthly can hide a lot of noise that
lives within it. So, let's take a look
at the weekly. So, here once again, you
can see the weekly. The weekly looks
like it's bottomed out and is starting
to move back into higher highs. So, when
you see this dark red bar just before
this light one, that is telling you that
the moment momentum is flipping. Again,
what you saw on the left there, the past
two weeks that we've gone through
recently, the fears that we've had about
Meta coming out, renting out their data
centers. We'll have more on on that in
just a second. The past couple weeks,
there's been a big fear of, hey, there's
overbuild. We've got too much all of a
sudden 1999 all over again with Cisco
and Dark Fiber. Again, we're going to
talk about that in a second, but you can
see here that we are structurally moving
back higher as if the market is once
again shrugging that off as well. We
seem to see this every three months.
Whether it's the deepseek scare, whether
it's Michael Bur and his post, whether
it's jobs and layoffs, the argument
between Daario and Sam Alman, all this
seems to come up every 3 to four months.
Every single time it's been an
opportunity to buy, an opportunity to
position yourself accordingly. And if
you know what you're looking for and you
can recognize these patterns which are
pretty obvious at this point, you can
take advantage of it. We'll talk more
about that a second as well. Then we can
look at the daily. And here you can see
the daily is clearly structurally going
higher. Again, just focus on the middle
here. These bars, you can tell that
they're going higher. They're higher
highs. They're green. They're very
positive. This is telling us the
momentum of what the market's doing, the
difference between the buyers and the
sellers and where people are putting
money towards. Now, this is one piece of
evidence, one piece of signal, if you
will. Look at this. This is fund
managers yearto date. So right now if
the S&amp;P 500 which all fund managers
should and even you as self-directed
investors should compare yourself to is
the S&amp;P 500. The S&amp;P 500 is up 11.4%
so far year to date. Keep in mind that
whenever we're up around 11% we're
probably going to finish off with
another 11% historically if you look
backwards. But I don't care about that.
I care more so about what is happening
with the fund managers. Here you can see
the average hedge fund and this is kind
of a Barlay's uh overall index where
they kind of track how all the fund
managers are doing. They're up only
6.9%. That means they're lagging the S&amp;P
500. Next you can see the HFRI. That's
kind of another similar type index that
measures hedge funds and this way we can
compare both of them to each other.
They're saying that the fund managers
are only up 7.8%. So again this ties
pretty much close to what Barlay has.
But then take a look at this equity long
and short. These are funds that aren't
necessarily trying to hedge, but they're
stock picking. They are picking stocks
to go long, stocks to go short. So, that
would probably fall more in our
wheelhouse about what we do as
self-directed investors. Obviously, we
use options around our portfolios to be
able to extract extra alpha, extra
revenue. But this is showing us that
they are actually outperforming the
benchmark, outperforming the S&amp;P 500.
They are seeing a 17.4% return. And then
finally, this one's I think probably
most interesting for the time that we're
in. Uh system systematic uh hedge funds.
So these are funds that use very
elegant, elaborate algorithms. They use
quants, right? This is kind of, you
know, they they're using a lot of AI.
They are essentially slightly trailing
S&amp;P 500, but essentially matching 11.3%.
How does this give a signal? How does
this match the signal that we're seeing
currently with the momentum on the BX
trender? Let's think about this. These
funds are paid to perform. They're not
paid to underperform. They are dealing
with huge amounts of capital and they
need to be able to at least beat the S&amp;P
500. Otherwise, what's the point of them
being in business? What's the point of
people allocating money and resources to
them? They are likely to get more
aggressive going into the rest of the
year. Most of them have missed out on
the Microns, the SanDisk, the Marll's,
the Bloom Energies thinking that these
wouldn't be able to sustain. In fact,
that's been a common narrative that
we've seen whether you're watching CNBC,
Bloomberg or Fox Business, doesn't
matter what your media outlet is.
Everybody has been saying this can't
keep going. This can't keep going. What
we've been talking about is there will
be pullbacks. Those are your
opportunities because this is not
ending. And I'm going, again, I'm going
to have proof for you that this is not
ending here shortly. At least it's my
opinion with this lag. They have to make
it up somehow. And the very clear and
obvious way of making this up will be in
the infrastructure names for AI. It will
be in companies that we just mentioned,
Micron, SanDisk, Marll, Bloom Energy,
even Tesla, right? Palunteer. these
companies that have AI components and
are set to be operationalized or these
companies that are already printing vast
amounts of revenue, high profits.
Nvidia, right? Nvidia seems to not be
doing much at all yet recently is slowly
ticking back up. Micron, Sandis, we saw
all of them slowly ticking back up
despite the fact that SKHEX just went
public on Friday. something that
everyone would have thought would have
sucked all the capital out, all the risk
money out from Micron and Sandis just to
go into SKH Highix. Yet, we see
everything still holding steady if not
going up. There's a reason for this. My
opinion right now is that based on the
performance I'm seeing so far this year,
based on the momentum that I see, and
honestly just based on what I see with
my own two eyes out there, and I think
you see it as well, is that this market
is going to keep going higher. Now, one
of the ways that I try to beat the
market or at least the S&amp;P 500 is not
just by being a long-term stockholder,
right? That is a huge part of what we
do. I advocate for buy and hold
long-term, not diversification. You guys
know I don't like that. To quote Warren
Buffett, Charlie Bunger, diversification
is a hedge against ignorance. And you
know what? If you're going to be
ignorant, sure, go for it. just buy the
S&amp;P 500 and know no more when you retire
than you do today. And but that's not
how I like to operate. I think that
everybody has the ability to be
self-directed investors. It's really not
that complicated. It's not rocket
science. But you have a whole industry
that has brainwashed people into
thinking you can't beat the S&amp;P 500. You
cannot be a self-directed investor. You
can't do it. You don't know what you
don't know. We've got algorithms. You
got bots. You got everyone who's got
information that you don't have.
Honestly, it's all BS. Uh, you know, you
can see it between myself, all all these
other investors that you guys all engage
with. We're all constantly beating the
S&amp;P 500. We don't have any secret
information that you don't have. We just
understand how our portfolio works. We
understand how to use things like
options. For example, take a look at
this. This is from one of my students.
He sent me this saying, "Hello, Nick.
Just wanted to show you some good July
to date news and progress before you
start your weekend. Thank you for a
great coaching session yesterday. I'm
looking forward to learning more about
options trading in the next few weeks.
Have a great weekend. And if you can see
here the shot of the the trading
journal, the IG journal, which by the
way went live last week. If you're
interested, DM DM us. Uh we closed up
reservations because we had we exceeded
what we thought we were going to get. So
we needed to close it so that we can go
and make sure everything's running
smoothly. We're also adding integrations
for Thinkorswim, uh, which is Schwab,
and also Robin Hood. So, uh, we'll be
opening it up here shortly, but in the
meantime, if you're interested, just
send me a DM. But you can see here with
the trading journal, he has had 10
trades so far, only two losing trades.
He's made $6,000 so far in the month,
right? So, in the first quarter of the
month, he's already made six grand on
pace for about $24,000 this month. and
his average wins $861. That's pretty
good. And then here you can see Kosik,
here's another one. He says, "Year to
date realized profits in meta, just
meta. Only his trades on meta." He says,
"Best part only ever deployed a max of
$40,000 on option positions as I weaved
in and out of pos option positions. The
stock is actually still down from
all-time highs, though it's running up
from recent lows today. This is why we
love options." Okay, this is Kosik. He's
also one of the first students that I I
ever taught over nice glass of bourbon.
So, shout out to you, Kosik. That was a
great night. Uh, but you can see here so
far here today, only with Meta, he's
made $72,000.
Only ever putting at risk $40,000. How
did he do that? Well, he understands how
options work. He understands how to be
capital efficient on top of his existing
portfolio, never having to sell his
shares, never having to liquidate
everything if he doesn't want to. This
is what we teach in the options crash
course. If you're interested, like I
said, we got a class coming up. It's I'm
actually going to be closing it up soon.
This is for August. It's already closing
up soon. It's filling up. So, use the
links down below. And if you've taken
the options crash course before, you
qualify for the zero day. That links
down below as well. That will also be
closing up soon. So, guys, if you want,
I don't want to get a whole bunch of DMs
later and feel like the bad guy saying
sorry is full. But again, only if you're
ready for this, right? This is just
about being capital efficient. So many
people are down on their Tesla positions
year to date, on their Palunteer
positions yearto date, Nvidia. Yet here
we are bringing in six figures already,
if not more. And our core holdings are
actually down, but our option trading
has allowed us to either counteract that
or actually generate profits so far for
this year. So shout out to Kosha. Great
job. Shout out to my student. I'm
keeping him anonymous as I do with all
my students. Uh great job. You guys are
crushing it. I didn't share this meta
post just to talk about the course. It's
actually transitioned into why I have
proof, at least in my opinion, that we
are not an AI bubble. Okay, so the
narrative that really sent the market
going crazy over the last two weeks is
that we're in an AI bubble. And we got
proof now. Meta Meta is coming out and
they're renting out some of their data
center space. Why would they do that?
Well, clearly it's because they
overbuilt. clearly is that they have
capacity that they don't need and
they're in trouble and they need to
figure out how to monetize. This went on
for two weeks. We saw Sandis sell off,
Micron sell off, Nvidia sell off, we saw
all the naysayers come out, all the
bears jump on CNBC, on Bloomberg and
talking about this that they don't have
a choice now. SpaceX, same thing, right?
We hear the same thing. Yet, I've been
telling you guys, let's just use some
like very basic thinking. Elon Musk has
been kind of crapping on Google for a
long time now, even with Anthropic. So,
they're not exactly friends. In fact,
Elon Musk started OpenAI because of his
beef with Google and what they were
doing about buying uh Deep Deep Mind,
right? So, all that drama led to that.
That's how much animosity he has towards
them. Funny enough, now Anthropic and
Google are renting data center space
from Elon Musk. Why else do you do that
unless you are constrained when it comes
to compute when you're strained
constrained to data centers, but you
need to be able to deliver to your end
users? No real good reason other than we
are supply constraint. But then
everybody started running with the whole
Meta thing, right? And everybody's been
honestly giving crap to Zuck and Meta
because they're saying, "Well, where's
the AI revenue? Where's the AI revenue?"
And like I've been telling all of you
guys, believe it or not, Meta is one of
the only companies in the entire world
that's actually profitable with AI that
is not someone who's just selling
hardware or just renting the hardware.
They are actually monetizing AI through
ads. See, they have the best ROI on ads
than any other company in the world.
They are able to direct the ads to the
correct end users to the point where the
people who are buying the ads are seeing
such good return that they are
increasing their spend exponentially.
Just watch anything with Alex Hormosi,
right? He's talking about he's trying to
go from a 100,000 a month, 100,000 a day
up to a million a month, a million a
day. He sees such high return ROI on his
ad spend with Meta that he's just trying
to increase. Why is this? because
they're getting better ROI with every
single ad that they buy. So, why
wouldn't you do more of it? Why wouldn't
you accelerate this? But it's not clean.
It's not easy to go from AI ads revenue.
Wall Street seems to struggle with that.
The same reason why they struggle with
Tesla, right? FSD, car sold, miles
driven. How does that get down to P&amp;L?
What does that look like? After two
weeks of all this consternation and
maybe some good timing right before
earnings, before you know he's not
allowed to say much, Zuck came out and
he said, "I don't know anyone with too
much compute." He said, "The offers that
you get for using the compute are so
high that it may make sense in some
cases to rent out or consider those kind
of deals instead of your own internal
uses." This is Zuck coming out saying
this same thing Elon essentially said
echoing the same message that they are
getting so many offers at such a high
price that's like how do I not now
what's the advantage they have like why
why won't other companies just go and
build out their own data centers well
one it's not easy you have to buy land
and that's got all this political drama
with it now whether it makes sense or
not is irrelevant it exists it's hard
it's not easy then you have to do the
buildout then you have to actually buy
the GPUs which good luck doing that
because they require all this high
bandwidth memory and we know how far out
that's sold out and requires sand disk
which sells the SSDs to NVMemes. Good
luck doing that. And so and then you
have to stitch it all together. Do you
even know how to build this type of data
center? Do you have any experience doing
that? Well, guess what? There are two
companies, well we'll say three
companies in the entire world that have
been doing this for a long time and have
severe expertise and extremely good
vertical integration. Meta, SpaceX, and
Tesla. Don't be surprised if Tesla comes
out with something very similar to this.
This is the truth in my opinion. This is
what's actually happening. And Wall
Street wanted to run with it. They sold
all the fear out there. Great headlines,
great clicks, not signal. Once again,
they are not signal. And so the market
sold off only to slowly start coming
back. Especially as Zuck says his words,
Elon does what he's doing. And Micron
earnings come out. And what do they say?
They do not see line of sight of
fulfilling the demand that they have all
the way up to 2029. That's what the
Micron CEO is saying. He is so far
behind filling all the demand that's
required that he doesn't even know when
he's going to be able to catch up. SK
Heinix saying the same thing. Sandisk
saying the same thing. We can either sit
here and listen to the pundits on CNBC
and Bloomberg or you can listen to the
people who are actually doing the
purchasing, actually doing the building
and actually allocating the capital.
These are not stupid people. You've got
Amazon putting out a record $200 billion
dollars in capex just this year. Meta is
doing something like 180 billion.
Microsoft's doing 150 billion. Right?
Every company is ratcheting it up. Why?
Because this is a race. This is a race
to become some of the companies that
will stand the test of time into this
new era of AI. This is our industrial
revolution. This is our internet 2.0.
And that's all happening right now. And
these companies are making sure they're
cementing themselves for the future.
Here's where Meta starts to look very
interesting as well. Take a look at
this. Here's the monthly BX trender for
Meta. Again, just focus on the middle.
Ignore the stock. Ignore the RSI. Just
focus on the middle. This is just
telling us where the buying pressure is
coming from or selling pressure. And
here you can see that again, we're going
from this dark red bar to this light red
bar. This is showing the swing momentum.
And again, remember the monthly is some
of the biggest signal about which way
things are going. Then we can look at
the weekly. Look at the weekly. Hey,
we've gone green. And if we look at the
daily, you can see that it's pretty
high. Now, when I look at the daily,
what it tells me is, hey, the monthly
and weekly support Meta is going to
continue to go up. All right. And if you
look at the option chains, they also
support this. So, that's good. There's
lots of call skew, which is really at
the end of the day all you need to look
at. If we look at the daily right now,
we can see that it might be losing
steam. If it were me, I would probably
be waiting to take an actual position if
it's in the stock. If you're thinking
about selling options, maybe you're
thinking about selling some puts, or
maybe you have shares already, you want
to sell some covered calls, then this
might actually be a good time. Now, if
you don't know what I just said, that's
the whole point of the options crash
course. So, go ahead and sign up. Now,
let's talk about the biggest AI
breakthrough set to scale. Okay, most of
you probably know what I'm talking about
already, and this is going to be
autonomy. This is FSD. We have seen
everybody talk about where AI is going.
Open AI, Anthropic, and I got kind of a
hot take for you guys. Maybe you've
heard me say this before. LLMs will
become a commodity. They are not going
to be where the revenue is made, where
the profits are made. Now, everyone's
talking about AI. It will not come from
them. Mark my words, it will not. I
believe OpenAI Ananthropic will be
forced if not lose to companies like
SpaceX and Meta because it's going to be
a race to who can provide the lowest
cost token. We already seen pressure
from China, the Chinese markets who are
dominating the open-source field. Look
at Kimmy. We can see this already having
an effect in pressuring all these
companies to lower their token cost.
companies are starting to use less open
AI, less anthropic for the bulk of their
work, using models like Kimmy just so
that they can lower their costs and
they'll use some cloud, some open AI,
some some of these more expensive models
when it's for a real big uplift. Now,
why would SpaceX and Meta be able to
really disrupt this? Well, let's go back
to the data centers. These are two
companies are extremely vertically
integrated. And not only that, they have
other profit engines to help facilitate
building out data centers, building out
space, helping to rent things out. And
if they can not only rent out their data
centers, have these other profit
engines, whether it's Starlink and and
launches for SpaceX or ads for for Meta,
then they have all these different ways
to create revenue, to create profits to
drive back into data centers, continue
vertically integrating. You know what
they can do? They can drop the cost of
their models and essentially take
business away from anthropic and open
AI. I think this is what's going to
happen moving forward. I think it's
gonna be a race to the bottom when it
comes to these tokens. The truth is
OpenAI Anthropic won't be able to
compete against them because their cost
will just be so low. They everyone's
gonna have to dump money into hardware
that is ubiquitous across the board. The
difference is you've got SpaceX and Meta
who can create revenue through other
means and they can sacrifice that to
lower their price on tokens. This is
what Amazon did. This is a very classic
tactic and I think that's what's going
to happen moving forward. So where are
the real profits going to be? Once
again, Micron, Sandis, Bloom Energy,
Marll, on and on. Dell, HP. Yeah, the
commodities. The commodities are
actually going to be the ones that are
going to excel, not these other
companies. Again, why do you think
OpenAI is all a sudden delaying their
IPO? Why do you think Anthropic is
rumored now to also coming out to
delaying their IPO? I don't think any of
this is a coincidence. Let's tie back to
Tesla. Now FSD will be the biggest
generator of profits for AI until
humanoids. Why is that? Well, it's real
world AI. It's not just sitting there on
a screen. It'll be the first full scale
AI in the real world navigating through
space and time. Not what we see with all
these models that are essentially, if
we're being honest ourselves, it's a
better search than Google. And they help
us with productivity. maybe making a
better PowerPoint, maybe writing our
email a little better. Great. It's like
having a virtual assistant that does a
really good job for you. Don't get me
wrong, there's a lot of utility in that,
a lot of productivity to be had, but
it's not the same as, I don't know,
displacing vehicle ownership, the second
highest cost most people have. Imagine
people who are middle class or lower end
of the spectrum and all of a sudden they
don't have to have a car note. All of a
sudden, they don't have to have
insurance payment. All of a sudden, they
don't have to have any maintenance for
the vehicles. Instead, they can have
autonomous vehicles show up to their
house at a fraction of the cost compared
to owning these vehicles. What happens
when this is so ubiquitous? There's so
many of these as Lars and Elon are
talking about that houses start to look
a little different. Maybe we don't need
a garage to be built out anymore and we
turn that into livable space. Or maybe
you still want your garage, but now
instead of twocar or threecar garage,
it's a onecar garage or just a twocar
garage. I think things will look
differently. How are cities rethought?
Are cities meant more for walking now?
Especially here in the states, we see
what happen what Europe looks like. We
see what other countries look like, but
maybe things start to change here in the
States because of autonomy. Do people
choose to live further out of the city
limits because now driving into work or
driving into the city isn't that big of
a deal? What does this do for people who
are struggling to be able to afford
living in these cities? But that's where
the jobs are. That's where the future
is. That's where they're going to have
to go to get ahead. Whether you want to
be part of Silicon Valley, whether you
want to be on Wall Street, well, maybe
now you get to live somewhere in
Pennsylvania. Maybe now you get to live
somewhere in South Jersey. There's lots
of options with this. This will change
the way the roads look. So, what
happened this past week is that we had
the good news that never dropped. And
there was lots of people who were
honestly kind of blaming Herbert,
blaming Jeff for their interview. And
honestly, like I was telling you guys
with with Randy, the blame should be on
Lars for bad communication and Tesla in
general. But like I said on Ry's
channel, I think that it's more likely
they're just late on an announcement.
And sure enough, here we go. Cool news
from Giga Texas. And we see that now
they've moved into the phase of
employees using the cyber cabs in
Austin. So it seems like now you're
going to have employees using them in
and out of the city to go to work. And
this is again the first test that we
normally see before they actually start
to scale out broader. Meanwhile, we're
starting to see cyber cabs here in the
St. Pete, Tampa Bay area. We are just
down in Miami. They're starting to show
up all over there. There's hundreds and
hundreds now over in Houston, in Dallas,
in Austin. We're seeing them in Nevada.
We're seeing them in Arizona, up in
Boston, up in Chicago. We're seeing
cyber cabs everywhere. and they're
building them out. Hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds are being deployed. I think
that they are going to wait to launch
until they've built more cyber cabs than
Whimos exist, right? And that's actually
Ry's take. Uh, which I'm stealing it.
So, great call Randy on that one. So,
what happens when they go ahead and they
launch? What happens when they flip that
switch? Things are going to look a lot
different. Uber will be screwed. Whimo's
going to be screwed. Zuks will be
screwed. and Ford, GM, all these other
companies, they're going to be in big
trouble because the cyber cab will
disrupt the mode of transportation. Now,
it does still seem like there might be a
couple things that we're waiting for. We
heard from Nitsa last week that they are
still considering removing requirements
for the steering wheel. We already saw
the release of them talking about not
needing pedals and all that. So, there
might be a couple little regulation
things that Tesla's waiting for broader
federal regulations so they don't have
to just go state by state. And so we'll
see what happens on that front. But
let's see what this might be doing to
Tesla's stock now. So again, let's play
the same game. Let's look at momentum
again. Let's look at the BX tender
again. And we'll start in the middle
here. Ignore the stock. Stock can be
noisy. It can be manipulated. It can
make you make things look different than
what they are. So if we start with the
monthly here, once again, you see that
it actually doesn't look great for Tes
right now. The monthly looks pretty bad
if I'm being honest with you guys.
However, the monthly is slow to adapt.
It's slow, right? The monthly needs four
weeks to reflect what the new month
looks like. The weekly needs seven days
to reflect what the new bar for the
weekly looks like. So, let's take a look
at the weekly then. Here's the weekly.
You can see that the weekly is starting
to have some momentum change. Now, some
of this may just be because earnings is
coming up. So, be careful with that.
However, I think everybody kind of sees
what's happening. We see all these price
target raises starting to come in for
Tesla and I think that the momentum is
starting to come up because people see
these cyber cas being built. People see
hundreds and hundreds of these being
deployed. This isn't by accident. These
are finished products and they're
staging in all these different cities
all across the country. There's a reason
Elon Ashock and all them have been
saying slow at first then all at once.
This is probably something to do with
it. And then if we look down at the
daily, again, the daily also looks very
constructive. So, what does this mean
moving forward? It doesn't mean that I
think Tesla is obviously going to go to
all-time highs tomorrow, but I do think
they'll get to all-time highs by the end
of the year. I would be shocked if we
don't break 500 by the end of the year,
especially with cyber caps rolling out
with autonomy, everything that's going
on. But I think the bigger picture here
is what's happening in the market and
the juxtaposition between those who
think that we're in an AI bubble versus
those who are actually allocating the
capital and are saying no we are going
to keep spending money because we see
such high ROI. Andy Jasse, CEO of
Amazon, he wrote a letter. He does an
annual letter every single year and he
even said that we are monetizing and
seeing return on investment as fast as
we can deploy new data centers. All
these companies are led by some of the
best capital allocators in the world.
And what are they doing? They are
plowing money into data centers. To me,
this means Micron, Sandis, Dell, Bloom
Energy, Marbell, all this all these
names, all these and well, I guess SKH
now that you can you can buy or trade
that. All these companies have room to
grow. I know it seems crazy. Micron's up
800% for the year. Sandis is up a,000%
for the year. How can they keep going
higher? Well, if you look at them,
they're dirt cheap. Why are they dirt
cheap? Because they're not just growing
on PE expansion. They're growing on real
earnings. The S&amp;P 500 is cheaper today
than it was last year because it's built
on earnings. See, 201999,
that was all PE expansion, built on hot
air, a bubble. Today, our pees have not
expanded. They've actually compressed.
Why? Because earnings have grown so
much. that the pees have come down. This
market has room to run. This market set
up to run. It's potentially going to hit
8,000 this year. Tesla's probably going
to hit all-time highs. And I think these
infrastructure plays are the way to go
because the model providers are going to
compete with each other to bring the
cost of tokens down if for no other
reason because the pressure from China
and what that's doing to the entire
global market when it comes to these
LLM. We're going to leave it there. If
you want to take the course, links down
below. sign up and if you have any
questions, just send me a DM. I answer
everybody. Thanks for watching.