Channel:     electrified
Title:       Breaking: Tesla Gets New Robotaxi Approval ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PV-XyzArF0
Published:   2026-08-13 22:12 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-13 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, Kenneth S. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. Look at
what we have here today for Tesla's robo
taxi. The Nevada Transportation
Authority finds that the above Tesla
Robo Taxi has complied and therefore is
entitled to receive authority from this
authority to engage in operations in
intra-state commerce as an autonomous
vehicle network company. Translation:
Tesla's robo taxi service now officially
has an issued permit for operations in
Las Vegas. But in the restrictions
section, it says operations are limited
to a maximum fleet of 10 fully
autonomous vehicles and shall be
conducted only within the authority
approved operational design domain. Any
expansion or modification of the Odd
including the geoence mapping or
operating parameters requires prior
authority approval. Passenger
transportation is prohibited on Nevada
roadways with posted speed limits
exceeding 45 mph. All vehicles shall
clearly be marked robo taxi and
passengers shall be notified before each
trip that transportation is being
provided by a driverless autonomous
vehicle. Operations shall include
appropriate human supervision in
accordance with SAE standards and
passenger pickups are prohibited at or
within 1/4 mile of Harry Reid
International Airport unless authorized
by the airport operator and all required
governmental approvals have been
obtained. Tesla shall report within five
working days any incident, security
incident, system failure, communication
or data interruption, or any event
resulting in a robo taxi becoming
disabled or inoperable on a Nevada
roadway. And the official stamp of
approval from the Nevada Transportation
Authority, the NTA. At this point, you
might be thinking, "Wo, Dylan, what are
you talking about? I'm seeing everybody
say Tesla can have up to 5,000 vehicles
in the first year of operation." Well,
that number is circulating because
people don't care to get the detail.
They just want to be first. And I'm not
calling out any individual in particular
here. But that 5,000 number came from
Tesla's application in which you will
find they requested for 5,000 vehicles
for the first 12 months after the permit
is granted. And they were also
requesting access to the Harry Reid
International Airport and the Henderson
Executive Airport. And you will see this
document was dated June 5th, 2026. But
the document I kicked off this video
reading when you scroll down, the one
that has all of those limitations was
dated July 27th, 2026. So the short of
it, Tesla requested for up to 5,000
vehicles in the first year and access to
those two airports. But the NTA said,
"No, no, no. We're going to go slow
here. You can have up to 10 vehicles and
you will not have access to those
airports." That is unless these airports
decide to give Tesla access, which could
certainly happen. But in this very
moment, we don't have confirmation of
that just yet. And importantly, to
clarify where it says operations shall
include appropriate human supervision in
accordance with the SAPE standards, that
is not requiring a safety monitor in the
driver's seat like one might expect. In
this driverless level four or five
autonomous operation context, human
supervision is almost always talking
about remote operators. So that's
talking about Tesla's remote operations,
not somebody in the vehicle. It's just
ensuring that in the event somebody in
the vehicle, a passenger, needs support,
they have somebody to talk to, that is
supervising that vehicle. And finally,
all transportation must originate and
terminate within Clark County, Nevada,
limited to the Las Vegas Strip Corridor.
And if you're not familiar, that
corridor is roughly a 4mm stretch of the
Las Vegas Boulevard that is located in
Clark County. So, as one might expect,
only getting 10 vehicles approved with
those limitations after requesting
5,000, one might surmise that the
initial ODD operational domain is going
to be quite limited. And remember, just
because Tesla's allowed to start fully
unsupervised here, does not mean they
will. They might, given how cautious the
NTA is being, actually start with a
safety monitor. Now, recent new cities,
they've gone fully unsupervised, but
those are in locations that are much
more lenient with autonomous vehicles.
And interestingly, Whimo has also
recently applied for this very same
permit in the same location, but as of
now, as far as I can tell, they have not
yet been granted the permit. So, yes,
Whimo has been testing in the area,
giving some employeeonly rides, but it
has not been open to the public yet.
But, it might be only a matter of days
until Whimo gets their permit. And today
we also learned the Las Vegas Raiders
have partnered with Whimo for the first
ever autonomous ride hailing
partnership. This is a multi-year deal
that is setting the standard for the
future door-to-door fan experience. Fans
traveling to Allegiant Stadium with
Whimo will have access to a dedicated
Whimo pickup and drop off area and clear
wayfinding signage to create a seamless
rider experience for all games,
concerts, and major events. The
partnership will provide fans with
exclusive experiences that a standard
ticket cannot match. Whimo riders will
have access to unique opportunities
including a kickoff kid program, pregame
field passes, and upgraded VIP seats.
So, that's a pretty good sign right
there that the approval for Whimo is
coming. And honestly, an awesome
collaboration, something I would love to
see Tesla do at some point. Now, of
course, it's frustrating that Tesla has
only been approved for 10 vehicles. But
the reality is we don't know how fast
Tesla would want to scale in this
location to begin with. Based on
historical city rollouts, we know they
like to keep it in that 5 to 10 vehicle
range for some time. So, it might feel
frustrating at first, but let's not
forget what Ashoke said on the call.
They're more focused on going broad,
getting into new geographies, new
locations, because every site has
different challenges. Every location
will require different infrastructure
and different planning. So from that
standpoint, any new city launch is a
great thing. And it should go without
saying, but a hightraic visitor location
like the Las Vegas strip is even better.
So as I said yesterday, I think we get a
new city this month andor next month.
And it looks like Las Vegas might be one
of those cities. And yes, Las Vegas was
a location that at one point last year
Tesla was expecting to launch in the
first half of this year. But hey, you
know what they say, better late than
never. And an unfortunate development,
Texas has apparently shut down the DMV
website to the public that was giving us
the fleet numbers for Tesla in Texas.
So, the latest reading we have is 181
vehicles for Tesla registered in Texas.
Remember, that's not active, but I do
plan to create an account and see if
there's a way to get access to it again,
but just for now, be aware. And as we
would expect, Tesla is hiring for robo
taxi fleet support specialists for the
day and night shift in Las Vegas,
Nevada. Now, I still think there's a
chance we see a San Antonio launch first
and then maybe Las Vegas sometime next
month as Tesla might need a few weeks to
get things in place after getting this
approval officially. So, on one hand, I
think any new city should be celebrated.
It will bring plenty of learning again
as a shoke mentioned, but on the other
hand, it's going to be limited and slow
to start. And I might be most interested
in what these airports decide to do with
Tesla. So hopefully in the days ahead,
we learn more officially. I think many
of you missed this last time, but fun
fact about me. A few years ago, I was
weeks away from opening a hedge fund
with an electrified subscriber. A lot of
you do know my background and so I was
very deep into the weeds and one of my
favorite traders, Ross Cameron, did a
review on Mumu. And before that, I never
even considered the platform given the
name. I just never took it seriously.
But that was a mistake on my part. And a
long story short, Ross sold me on Mumu
back then. And fast forward to today and
it's the sponsor of this video. My use
case number one for this platform, the
news flow. It's one of the better
aggregators I've used. And as you would
expect, the main news hub is indeed
customizable. My use case number two, my
options analysis and tracking unusual
activity for companies like Tesla and
SpaceX. And as I said before, this is my
short-term platform. test my thesis, do
my options research, and yes, I will
actually paper trade, and I can paper
trade with options on Mumu as well.
Plus, for US residents trading options,
they charge zero commission and zero
contract fees. And because I got this
question a few times, yes, Mumu covers a
lot beyond just options like stocks,
ETFs, of course, crypto, and even
prediction markets. And this is not good
for my channel, but it does have AI
built in. So, I could say, "Give me a
summary of SpaceX's earnings." And
moments later, without leaving the app,
you have your summary of SpaceX's
earnings. And Mumu makes it very easy to
track institutional activity and Wall
Street forecasts. And I really have been
pleasantly surprised with Mumu over the
past year plus. So, shout out to Ross
for the tip. So, if you want to check
out the platform for research, news,
options, or whatever use case suits you
best right now, they're offering a promo
for electrified viewers, which is an
8.1% APY and up to $1,000 in Nvidia
stock. And further, if you just want to
try out the tools for free, you can use
my link in the description below, or you
can use the QR code on the screen.
Jotetme shared a video today
highlighting that the Terrafab is
already under construction. So, I have
to admit, I'm quite excited to watch
this one unfold, as this really is going
to be one of the most exciting and
breathtaking buildings on planet Earth,
let alone a chip fabrication plant.
Tesla is now offering the option to
lease a Power Wall through Tesla
Electric. This allows you to install two
Power Wall units with no installation
cost and pair them with a Tesla Electric
plan for backup power and a low
predictable electricity rate. When
enrolled, you'll get a bill credit on
your lease each month, which will reduce
the total amount you owe every month.
You continue to receive the credit as
long as you remain on the Tesla Electric
backup plan. Tesla Electric will operate
the battery system to store energy
during lowcost times and sell that
energy back to the grid or use it to
power your home during high-cost times.
Those savings keep your electricity
rates low and allow Tesla to offer the
monthly bill credit. Tesla Electric will
always maintain a minimum 20% backup
reserve for your home. During outages,
you'll have full access to your stored
energy. And of course, you'll have full
access to monitoring through the Tesla
app. Of course, the biggest problem here
is eligibility. You have to live in an
area of Texas with retail electric
choice. And for the lease bill credit,
you must not have solar panels installed
at your home. And the reason you would
be excluded from this program and that
monthly credit is because that credit
itself hinges on Tesla Electric's
ability to actually treat these power
walls as a pure controllable grid asset.
So of course adding solar production
into the mix would change that load
profile. And without getting into the
weeds, pure storage system, so just
power walls have much simpler grid
charging and export rules under this
Tesla electric program. So, in short,
adding solar might complicate the
process a little bit. Maybe it's
something they'll offer in time, but not
out of the gate. And maybe most
importantly, there is a buyout option
after year 5. So, I think this program
should be very popular if people are
made aware of it. No installation costs.
Tesla was touting an $87 per month
credit on your electric bill. And the
option to actually own the Power Walls
starting after year 5. So now we just
need Tesla electric in a lot more
cities. And how about this? After years,
EF Matal has finally suspended all
industrial action against Tesla Sweden.
The reason is that Tesla has bought out
all of the union striking members at the
company. This means the conflict no
longer has any effect. We can conclude
Tesla is so strongly opposed to
collective agreements, they would rather
buy out employees who are members of the
union than give them safe conditions.
This is unprecedented in the Swedish
labor market, just like Tesla's
systematic strike breaking. So, I know
EF Matal meant those comments as a
slight to Elon and Tesla, but I think
they would actually take that as a
compliment. So in short, Tesla paid all
of the remaining striking EF Matal
employees, bought them out to leave the
company. So of course, once those
workers accepted the buyout, there was
nobody left at the company to strike. So
effective today, the union is dropping
all striking and sympathy measures. So
Tesla made it through this three-year
tumultuous time period without having to
sign a collective bargaining agreement.
And to the outside world, that might
sound like a bad thing, but to you and
I, we know this is actually a good
thing. Now, we don't have a number for
what these buyouts looked like, but what
we know is that all of these sympathy
strikes at the docks, through the postal
service, through transport companies and
blockades, all of the superchargers that
were taken offline, all of those
blockades will wind down and everything
will come back online as normal. So,
honestly, props to Tesla for standing
its ground to 3 years. They pulled so
many rabbits out of hats, working around
these blockades to continue operations
as normally as possible. So, a job well
done. And now Tesla can finally close
that book and move forward without the
bureaucracy of unions. Marco said a
massive new supercharger is coming soon
to San Francisco, California. Planning
permits are filed for a 124 stall V4
station. The site [clears throat] will
also feature a 400 ft amenity building.
And yes, this site will be open to the
general public. This is not one of those
exclusive robo taxi charging hubs. But
in terms of the filing, there are only
two bathrooms for a 124 stall site. So
perhaps Tesla is expecting the primary
use to be robo taxis. David Moss shared
this photo of a Cyber Cab in Austin with
a purple light bar. And in case you
missed it, earlier this week, Cyber Cab
was spotted with an American flag
colored light bar. So clearly Tesla has
plans to change the color of the light
bar for events and/or for pickup and
drop off. This will of course make it
easier for riders to identify their
vehicle. Tesla stock closed the day at
$339.96
up 3.8% [music] and SpaceX closed at
$14129
down 3.33%.
So a not so great day for merger
preparations. And if you guys aren't
picking up on it, I'm saying these
things mostly tongue and cheek. But this
all while the NDX was up 1.15%.
Don't forget, check out Mumu linked
below. I'm telling you, don't sleep on
it because of the name. I did for a long
time and now I find it to be very
valuable. Hope you all have a wonderful
day and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.