Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why I Just SHORTED SpaceX And ADDED Tesla Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwatWw1pS-I
Published:   2026-07-01 20:14 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-01 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good news for Tesla. The stock is up and
SpaceX down 7.8%.
And today is actually the day where I
decided to go a little harder on my
tactical short thesis on SpaceX. And as
you probably know, if you follow this
channel, I'm one of the biggest and
earliest fans, at least in the public
space, of SpaceX. I think it's a
tremendous, tremendous stock. I think
it's a tremendous company and I do think
SpaceX is actually fundamentally
undervalued at this price. But I also
know that the vast majority of investors
both institutions and retail as well as
analysts have no idea what this company
is really all about.
And that is why I believe my thesis on
SpaceX that this is the most important
company that the cash flow will start
earlier than people think operating
income will be bigger than people think
and sooner will actually not be
recognized all the way to end of 2027
and therefore this stock will be valued
through benchmarking
through revenue multiples through
operating income multiples with its
peers. Now, no one is so dumb anymore to
think the peers of SpaceX are Boeing and
these people. Everyone understands the
peers of SpaceX are Tesla
anthropic open AAI. But even with these
very high-flying stocks, including
Palanteer by by the way too, Palanteer,
Anthropic, OpenAI, and Tesla, these are
the comps for SpaceX. But even with
these very highly valued comps, SpaceX
is in a league of its own in a bad way.
SpaceX is overvalued based on these
multiples by a large margin. I did the
math on it and explained to everyone if
you apply Tesla's revenue multiple of
13x revenue, SpaceX, if valued the same
way we value Tesla based on revenue,
would be a $35
stock. So even if you believe that
SpaceX is has greater modes than Tesla,
more momentum than Tesla, all kinds of
things better than Tesla
and let's say it's twice as good as
Tesla in relative terms, the stock
should be at $70. So, in order to
justify $150 stock price as now, you
would need a totally new model of future
reality that I happen to have and I
think it's undervalued, but I'm also
very sure this stock will not keep its
price where it is and I went a little
short already. Uh, of course, it went
great, but it was insignificant compared
to my portfolio. Uh, I have also this
thesis, which is not really a thesis.
It's uh it's safe to say that this is
true.
Uh where we see all the unlocks coming
and we have to understand that the
current float is only 5% of the stocks.
So at IPO we listed 5% of SpaceX stock
in the market. 95% are not even in the
market. We have some more buying
pressure coming in with more index
inclusions and all kinds of stuff. But
we have to understand that up to 60%.
So, we are going from 5% float to 60%
float. 60% of the shares being able to
be sold in November, November 9th, maybe
December.
That is crazy when you think about it.
And August 21st is the first big dump of
these locked up stocks. So, these are
basically the stocks that are currently
locked up. the people who didn't go in
at IPO but the employees and the early
investors and all these people they have
a lock up periods before they allowed to
sell and that is happening now by the
way today we are also in the phase where
people at IPO can now sell the stocks
without penalty so that's why we are
probably seeing a drop uh we have to
understand the stock got a little
overhyped the stock is just over valued
by any conventional benchmarks even when
compared against unconventional peers
like anthropic
OpenAI, Palanteer, and Tesla. So, I see
just bad news, especially on a technical
level for SpaceX coming. Even if you
believe this is the most amazing company
ever, which I do, there's just too much
selling pressure coming in here to hold
the stock up here at this valuation. So,
I was waiting before going more short
because I have respect for going short.
Uh here Battleland says you just made
the ultimate sin. I know
I know. Um so uh yes it's the ultimate
sin. I understand there are many fans
out there that who don't like to see
that. If I would ever short Tesla I
would get murdered. But Tesla has a much
bigger fan base on the stock side than
SpaceX. SpaceX is still new and people
understand I'm a big supporter and will
load up on SpaceX like crazy when the
time is right. So what am I doing? I am
not shorting the stock by the way. I
never short stocks. I am going short
call options. So I keep my uh distance
to the current stock price. I'm short
now monthly
180 calls that pay you a lot of money.
It's pretty shocking. Uh still a small
position because I understand there is
risk. They will probably pull some
rabbits out of the hat. Uh I have a
little doubt that we see some colossus
three coming or something like that
which is pretty big news. The problem is
all the revenue in the world all the
profit in the world will have a hard
time keeping the stock up here. This is
just that simple. So we have to be
cautious. The stock could rally to 200
or something which make would make my
position a losing position but it's like
tiny losses. Who cares? So, I'm now
ratcheting up the pressure even before
August, but I'm I don't want to lose out
too much, right? If this goes down more
before August and then drops more, I
don't want to be left standing in the
rain. So, I'm now dialing up this
cautiously. I have always respect the
stock can jump to 200 or something in
between, but if it does so and incur
some losses on my side, it's just total
double downtime. So I will actually gain
more in the long run in that scenario
than right now. So that's how I think
about these things. If you have a
thesis, you have to think in scenarios.
If I go short now, short calls now and
I'm wrong very short term and the stock
goes against me up to 200, I'm losing a
little bit of money, uh, so I'm losing
the premium I'm I get there
is probably seven bucks. So, I would
lose if it goes to 200 by then, by
expiration, I'm losing like 120% or
something on the premium. Not a big
deal. Uh, but it allows me then to
really double down and go bigger in. If
it stays where it is or goes down more,
at least I'm capturing that and then can
zero in. So, in my opinion, I have a
much better feel now for the stock. It's
always good to observe it a little bit,
you know, when you zoom out and see what
it did here. That was totally
ridiculous. That's where I put on my
first short. But this was a extremely
cautious short. 250 call options
expiring tomorrow. So I'm collecting on
them. But that was just minute. It was
like 0.9% of my portfolio probably at
alpha. Uh then it dropped down here and
had a little recovery. So we get a first
feel in that phase pre- August where the
stock wants to be roughly right. It
wants to be around above 150. It has a
hard time closing in on 180 maybe 170.
It was hard rejected here. So I think
that's what we are dealing with and we
will have a general downtrend from here.
The bottom of the stock when all this is
said and done I can absolutely not
predict right absolutely not. I don't
know if the bottom is 140, 135, 100, 90,
70, 50. I have no idea. So, I told
everyone I'm not betting on a specific
price target where I start accumulating
the stock in earnest for a long-term
core position that will become extremely
big, by the way. Uh, but I can tell you
that I do not think that my accumulation
will start before November
because the selling pressure is just too
high. It's just a total no-brainer.
Plus, the huge catalysts, the real
catalysts that will surprise to the
upside for SpaceX won't come this year.
They won't potentially won't even come
in H1 in the first half of next year.
They will come in the second half of
next year. And that's a beautiful timing
for this whole thing because people will
get very frustrated with SpaceX
potentially. They will abandon it. There
will be FUD. There will be panic. There
will be frustration.
And that will probably peak right around
the time when SpaceX really finds its
mojo and will provide us with a bunch of
enormous economic miracles. So I see a
beautiful beautiful scenario playing
playing out here where I can short it,
benefit from the drop, wait a little to
have it bottom out, see fear,
desperation, panic and rage spread and
when everyone cries, Joe buys.
You know my theory. So that is my plan,
my game plan. So it's short time and we
will see what happens. Now the other
side of this beautiful trade of course
is Tesla
and you know I was very long Tesla but
you also know I got slaughtered in June.
I had a very bad June.
I have a very good July so far and end
of June because I knew down here this
was ridiculous this whole situation. I
knew it. I told you guys and I bought a
bunch of short-term calls right at 370.
I got a little lucky this time on
timing, but it was also pretty clear
that this is not sustainable. I got out
of them at 300 or something uh 410. So,
I missed out on that run, but I'm very
heavily heavily short put at this point.
Um
I'm getting a little cautious now. We
don't know what the deliveries will say.
There's probably a sell the news effect.
We know that the deliveries for Tesla
will be amazing. There is speculation
now which is a little over the top in my
opinion. There is a little speculation
now that uh so Troy Teslike says 466,000
versus analyst consensus 46,000
and uh so there is general consensus
more and more or whisper consensus that
we are talking about something much
bigger. uh who knows what it is but
obviously Tesla is recovering very
strongly.
Deutsche Bank also said Tesla Q2 vehicle
deliveries tracking above consensus
expectations.
Uh here the great Py says also boom
boom. Oh no what what does he say?
482,000.
So there's all these here there's PY
overview. Uh so even Gary Black says
420,000. PY says 425,000.
Troy Tesla says 466,000. Future Raza
says 431,000. So you see where this is
going.
You know, if we come in at 425, 430,
431, I think the stock is probably
selling off tomorrow. That's a sell the
news thing because it's priced and that
we beat maybe, but not big selloff. If
we come in at 482,000, we might see a
little bit more railing. But from a
technical perspective,
uh, you know, I love seeing Tesla up. I
love making tons of money. This is all
great, but we also need to put our
rational little hats on
and see. Okay, we got a crazy bounce, a
crazy bounce here, very aggressive
bounce even on a six month level. This
is a very significant bounce here. And
you know, we saw some rejection before
here in the where was this? in the 410
area, 415 area, we saw huge rejections
multiple times at 440 and we getting
really getting there. So I think I'm not
in extreme concern mode, but I think we
are now closing in on a little breather.
I think this could really up to 440 this
week could happen 435. But I would
buckle in and prepare for a drop. It's
just time for a drop again. uh on a very
tactical level this was a delivery
boost. It was very clear that this
entire boost is because of deliveries
and the market recovering of course and
Iran being officially over. So that is
what's happening. We need to prepare on
a weekly level for a potential pullback
in my opinion. Uh and then for a slow
drip down again I was warning about this
unless cyber cap shows some movement. So
you know my thesis that yes market
recovering we are going up from here
with deliveries and everything but the
general trend for Tesla
the general trend for Tesla unless we
see extreme cyber cap action or a real
cyber cap action is down okay because
the stock is now in waiting mode where
are the cyber caps so the general trend
is down as long as we don't see cyber
cap happen and what pushes it up are
cyber cap news now How much cyber cap
news to keep it flat and prevent it from
going down? Is it enough to see all
these cyber caps accumulating? Is it
enough to see last Moravi getting
interviewed by Herbert and saying some
very interesting things? Probably it's
enough to keep it here and not let it
drop too much as long as we see a lot of
momentum. But it can drop back to 410.
Um the thing is at any moment now
the entire equation can shift to what I
predicted for a long time that has to
happen at some point and increasingly
becomes inevitable that is cybercap
deployment. So while the general trend
will be down or sideways for Tesla as
long as this doesn't happen at the
millisecond it does happen we go to 490
we go potentially above 500 and if we
see multiple hundreds of cyber caps and
complete scaling of course then we see a
repricing
I don't think that's going to happen
right now but going to 490 or 500 will
happen in absolutely no time in two
three days once we see cyber cap that is
what I believe
that turns the entire I think into a
weight game for cyber cap. When will
that happen? But I tell you, ooh, it's
looking like, you know, you know what
I'm saying? It looks like this is
inevitable. We have the long weekend
now. Very important 250 years,
uh, independence day, founding of the
United States. So, this is a very big
celebration. Uh, who knows? I don't
think Tesla is going to launch because
of that. But we see now a lot of things
happening. We see of course the first
production cyber cap. The first
production cyber cap. Oh, now I get
complaints about the sound again.
Uh, so here you see an actual production
cyber cap. Look at this. No controls.
This is the future. No controls, no
steering wheel, only the safety monitor
and engineering vehicle. I mean, look at
this. This is the freaking future. And
this is a production cyber cap. This is
happening now.
So yeah, maybe we have to wait another
month, maybe another two months. I just
don't think so. Let's see what happens.
So I am preparing for
a little breather in Tesla. Let's
prepare for maybe some pullback, but
let's also prepare for this thing
gearing up for a run to all-time highs.
Okay, let's see how many people I made
mad about the short thesis. Should we
get uh maybe while we discuss the chat?
Should we put on some SpaceX
visuals here? Let's put up the SpaceX
IPO deck. My favorite to see some cool
cool
slides while we discuss the future.
SpaceX. Beautiful. Here. Which one do we
like most? This is very nice. Oh, let's
put the AI satellite up.
AI satellites.
Where is my favorite picture?
The future of humanity.
satellite constellation, but they have
somewhere the compute AI business here.
Boom. There, there we have it. Let's put
this here and then make it full screen
and then we can go into the discussion
and see what you guys think about this
whole operation.
Yes, this is nice. Let's make it like
this.
Okay, now we have a nice visual.
Okay, Aonda, hi everyone. Let's go. Joe,
I'm here live. Great Bri Bri man, you
just made the ultimate sin. Better lens.
Exactly. I'm get slaughtered. People
will hate me. Buying puts is not really
shorting by the way. I'm selling calls,
which is technically shorting calls.
Unlock will drop the price. Australian
crypto koala. That's a great name.
Australian crypto koala. That is fun.
Kim Joe like your commentary regarding
robo taxi. I haven't seen any hard
evidence of service centers. Have you?
Yes, there was a service center evidence
in Dallas. So, robo taxi service center
Dallas. They bought they bought a big
piece of property.
Um, and that was very interesting.
Yeah. Here I can I can show you here.
Tesla launches Robbo taxi service. Oh,
service, not service centers. Uh, let me
see if I can find this. But there is
definitely evidence for buildout of real
buildings.
Robo taxi
service center in Dallas. I think I saw
Dis
cyber caps
here. We see it here. Let me see.
This is just accumulating them. I mean,
you also see all these giant parking
lots, you know. I don't know if they're
service centers. Uh but I mean, what do
you even have to do? You have to uh you
have to charge them.
Um,
that's what you need to do.
Yeah, I can't find it right now. I saw
this big building that they bought
a car wash,
submitted plans for a car wash. Well,
that's not here yet.
Um,
no I can't find it right now.
What will the stock price of combined
company after Titl and SpaceX merges?
That's not right now the discussion.
This will take some time.
Um,
Tesla Autonomy UK says,
uh, let's hope you mute the YouTube
videos this time. Bought the dip on
Tesla last week. 379
1,035 shares now. Very good job.
Interesting play on all the merger talk
is a bull spread with calls 400 600 for
example. If a deal comes through at low
ball offer then the short leg goes to
zero while the long leg retains
profitable. Yeah, that is a possible
play. Tesla has much upside. I won't
touch SpaceX until it comes under 100.
Australian crypto koala. Well, I'm not I
don't put a price tag on it. If we end
up at 125
and bottoming out there in December, I'm
going to buy
500 by the end of this month. Joe, if
I'm wrong, I will send you a bottle.
Veno, Australian wine. Um, Penrose. No,
what is it? The Australian wine. There's
some very good wine.
Tesla Autonomy UK says cyber cap
deployment next week, Tuesday. It could
be. It's actually very tricky for me to
position myself because between the
pullback potential and the cyber cap
launch potential, it's difficult to
decide. I definitely will be short puts
also in the money to some extent to
create a synthetic position of at least
100% of portfolio in Tesla. That needs
to be my default. But I was much more
than that in June and was bad. Of
course, I was able to manage my way out
of it, but was extremely stressful in
the recovery. I had extreme recovery but
also had extreme losses was very
exhausting.
Um but I will definitely be more than
100% long Tesla in July and then
tactically sell more puts out of the
money.
Uh I'm hoping we get a couple thousand
cyber caps by the end of the year. I do
think once you exceed a thousand you can
very quickly get to 10 or 20,000. So, I
don't know if my prognosis of 15,000 by
end of the year will become true or not.
But if not, and we are at 4,000, it's
going to be probably true two months
later.
Easily 10,000 by end of the year. Well,
Tesla Autonomy UK, that's what I am
saying. But it's dependent on this stuff
really getting to a thousand cyber caps
at least four months previously before
the end. So by August, if we have a
thousand by August,
we will definitely have over 10,000 by
end of the year. But if not, I don't
know.
Uh Paul Davis says, "So I assume you
feel it's too risky to put on any out of
the money covered calls, short
duration."
What do you mean covered calls? You You
mean selling covered calls?
um
for Tesla. Yeah,
I think that's not worth it right now. I
mean, right now I mean I think it's
going to slide down. You would make
money on these unless it scales, but
then you get screwed. That's the
problem.
Will there be a Raptor 4? I don't know.
Your mic volume is low. I know. I can't
solve the the mic volume problem because
some people say it's fine. Uh, I watched
my videos when they're recorded the live
and they're slightly below the volume
below the my regular recordings, but
it's a little hard to find tune this
because it's unclear.
Malls are empty at night.
Uh,
why malls are empty at night? I don't
understand the context here. Uh, should
we see if cyber cap news? Cyber cap.
Uh, Briman, hi. Hi, Joe. Any news on
your bonds being available in the UK for
regular investors? Uh,
we were delayed on the European bonds.
Very annoying. But, uh,
this is just Luxembourg attorney speed.
Um, we should have everything together
now. Uh, are you in touch with SARI? You
should be in touch with Sari. Uh, you
should definitely have an account on
pioneeralpha.org
where the bonds are. If you have an
account there, you can get in touch with
Sari. You should be in touch with Sari
and she can tell you the latest because
this is definitely happening now. So, I
definitely you should definitely be on
Pioneer Alpha, create an account and uh
and uh ask Sari. I will tell her Tesla
granny. Hi Joe. Tesla will be good soon.
I have SpaceX 2 but only a small amount
compared to my Tesla. I mean Steven Mr.
he published something. He bought
SpaceX. He has 1.5% of his portfolio in
SpaceX and he has
uh
98.5% in in in
Tesla. I also have 10 10 stocks of
SpaceX by the way. I have them as
tracker stocks. I like in my portfolio
to have a pos I never like positions of
one stock that irritates me. So I have
10 and I just use them as tracker
stocks. So they don't do much to the
portfolio but
uh that's good. Tesla Autonomy UK is
asking what else is happening Tuesday.
Last said large scaling on Jeff
interview. Yes, Jeff and Herbert
interviewed Lars head of engineering.
Great interview uh for Tesla geeks at
least. And last said there's something
big happening on scaling but I think
I don't know I don't think that will be
like a huge catalyst because maybe it's
Optimus build out or something but these
manufacturing buildouts don't are of no
interest to Wall Street in my opinion.
Is it good bet to pick up more shares
for tomorrow delivery report or wait
Monday until Tuesday surprise? No. I
would definitely pick up shares now
because even if this thing drops back to
410, who cares? Then you can pick up
more. And I think no one cares about
these tiny little things. I think now is
the time to load up on Tesla.
Uh Janice, does Tesla need
service centers up and running in the
cities before Cyber Caps will be
launched? Hope they will catch up while
Cyber Cap's in testing.
Um,
well, I would not assume like how do we
know they don't have the service
centers? It's very hard to track that. I
mean, you know, who knows where Tesla
sets up service centers. Um,
you know, I I don't think I don't think
this is a problem at all. I think they
can set them up within two weeks from
nothing if needed. So I would not assume
service centers are in any way a
obstacle or indication.
Do you ever sell covered puts?
Covered puts
not cash secured calls.
Covered puts. Covered puts only sell
covered puts. This is very confusing.
You if you are a short if you are a
short fund, you would have covered puts.
So I don't do that. Um for me when I do
any kind of when I do any kind of option
trade for me it's a purely synthetic
instrument. I never think about covered
or not covered or naked or not naked.
For me it's always naked. This these are
naked trades.
Uh there can be spreads but uh they have
to be spreads in most instances but I
consider spreads also naked because the
spreads are so far out that I will just
lose a lot of money if this goes against
me.
Crosby just tuning in. Joe, can you give
a quick recap of why you titled this
video that way? Because I'm going short
through out of the money naked call
spreads on SpaceX because I think SpaceX
is not in good shape in terms of stock
price on a six months basis. And I'm I'm
strategically doubling down on Tesla.
Are you related to Mark Wahberg? No, but
I had an office
right next to his office in Santa Monica
for quite a while. Uh, no, I'm not
related. Uh, some guy from Africa.
Are you from South Africa? Probably.
South Africa is an interesting market
for Joe's channel. for my channel. We
have actually a relatively high number
of viewers from South Africa.
Uh I have a huge position in SpaceX. Now
you're making me worried. Well,
it depends what your horizon is. I think
will you be fine on a two-year basis?
Yes. But tactically, I have just very
high conviction that SpaceX goes down
from here tactically until November.
Hey Joe. Richard. Richard is babe I is
hey Joe retired sound engineer here I
can show you exactly what's wrong and
how to fix all your sound issues happy
to do it for free you made me a nice bit
of coin lately least I can do that's
very nice yeah sound is super annoying
it's very important and I have no clue
what's going on here but it's very
tricky Richard because there is like
riverside where I'm streaming this from
goes into x it goes into YouTube and the
problem is I get different feed feedback
from different people. Some people say
sound is too low. Other people say sound
is fine. So, how do we figure that out?
But yeah, you can connect with me on X.
I would be very grateful for some tips.
Um, hey, it's Anthony says very small
amount as I do want to buy heavy in case
SpaceX does dive. Uh, just does give us
a buying opportunity around 100. As I
said, I don't have a price. I don't know
where this ends up being in November,
December, if it's 100 or 50 or 150. Uh I
just think
uh it's inevitable that this thing goes
down in my opinion unless they pull some
extreme rabbits out of the hat, but it's
going to be very hard. Billis is asking,
"Do you currently live in the US?" So
I'm currently in Europe but I was for a
very long time in the US and uh moved
back to Europe in 2025 last year.
Uh re real redneck. I have a Roth
designated company retirement account
where I am transferring or my personal
Roth 23,000 total plan on selling a put
at 135 strike month out duration until
it fills.
Interesting.
Um well it's a smart plan. It's a smart
plan if you want to own SpaceX and are
comfortable with a 135 strike because
you can definitely make some good money
until it fills. Uh I would still think I
don't know it's it's a good strategy
because we don't know when it actually
drops and how much. Um what are the odds
that you can get it cheaper? Very high
in my opinion, but you will make some
money in between.
Basically, if you get 10 bucks for this,
you're effectively buying it for 125.
Um, Jeff Jones
Jr. covered puts. I'm long call leaps.
When Tesla runs up, I sell calls. If
assigned, I take the short shares versus
closed leap with liquidity. I then sell
covered puts at my short assigned price.
That's very complicated. Breaks my
brain. But uh probably smart as long as
you can time it appropriately like you
know when you say run up and sell uh
sell calls well it's all about how good
are you in in estimating this thoughts
on Bitcoin recently like Bitcoin is
recovering now I think this 60,000
barrier seems to still work for Bitcoin
even though it fell to 58,500 but I mean
it's ringing back. I think micro
strategy I got a little concerned but
you know when you look at the
fundamentals of micro strategy I mean
there's not much to be concerned about
in my opinion I think was totally
panicked oversold and we see it bouncing
back now so it's fine
supersonic Asian says sound is fine must
be your accent yes I'm breaking the
microphone
Bria
Braman says how
Is it? How is it? How is it to all the
South Africans here? Cheers to you all
from Sappa in Wales.
Hey, it's Anthony.
I think SpaceX will settle around 175
185 for a while. Whoa. Let's see about
that.
Um, my mom super Jeff says, "My mom said
you have to stop being mean to SpaceX
stock." I'm not mean. I'm just telling
you what is inevitable and that I will
load up on the stock. I think it's a
great stock and if you buy the stock
now, I mean, in three years or whatever,
you will be probably happy.
Uh Boba says, "I think Joe can probably
pull enough shorts off at enough volume
to be worth his while. I don't think I
could." I mean, I'm cautious, but yeah,
I can add multiple percents to my
performance with not too much risk on
SpaceX if I do it right.
Wilder,
not concerned about Micro Strategy. I
assume they are raising fresh dollars to
pay old investors. Sounds familiar.
I mean, they bought back a convertible
node that wasn't even due for a
discount. I think that's a rational
rational procedure. And of course, Micro
Strategy is not Tesla. It's not SpaceX.
It's not a business like that. It's just
a bet on Bitcoin.
If you're bullish on Bitcoin and you
understand Micro Strategy, it can be
nice.
Arab says, "I love how everyone was
bragging about being allowed to buy a
certain
uh amount of shares of SpaceX at RBO.
Like Elon did them a great favor.
Everyone will have a second chance now
to buy it even lower, 100%."
Uh, Petty Irishman Hyro Andro also
getting into rapidly deployed data
centers called Menace for military use
only. I didn't hear that, but Endur is
not public, right? They still need an
IPO.
Um
uh so I am actually if I had to choose
any defense related company I like much
more than Palunteer
mostly on like a gut feeling level when
it comes to ethics. Uh I just don't
trust Palanteer totally. I think David
Cup doesn't do himself a favor the way
he talks about everything. He has to
tone it down a little bit. He has trust
issues with the market. Uh I think it's
a good business. But Andrew, I like the
guy. I like Primal Lucky.
Um
noise reduction. Open all settings. I'm
looking at my audio.
Audio and video.
Mirror video. No. Uh, I don't know
what's going on because I'm using the
exact same settings as with normal
recordings and normal recordings are
totally fine. So, I don't know what what
is going on.
So, audio is set. No, I don't know.
Normally, it's like it's not a problem
only with live streams.
Uh, how will Tesla go up?
What will Tesla go up to short term? I
don't know. Ray Tang fitness, that's
like a trillion dollar question, but
uh I think deliveries could be a little
sell the news or it could really up more
if they are hot. So I'm not placing a
major bet on tomorrow, but I think July,
you know,
I think we have an exponentially higher
chance now that Cyber Cap is deploying
and then it goes up a lot.
If CyberCap was to flop, I don't know
what that means. TGE66,
what is a flop? Like you mean an
accident or something? I think CyberCap
is a done deal. It will scale. It will
scale to tens of millions. The question
is just how cleanly, how quickly, is it
linear? Are there major hiccups? So
that's where it can't be a flop, right?
It's just can't can have a hiccup and
then that's not good for the stock. What
is your base case for SpaceX? Lowest
trade price 100. I think if you get a
market crash in Q4, which can totally
happen like just a seasonal correction
of 10 20% of the market, uh, plus all
these shares coming into the market, I
think SpaceX can absolutely go to 50 or
something like that if things get nasty.
Uh, because there's just no floor.
That's the problem for SpaceX. I mean,
how do you value this thing? If you put
any normal valuation as I said any
valuation for reasonable peers palenteer
anthropic openai Tesla if you use these
revenue multiples or operating income
multiples SpaceX is toast that's the
problem and what are you going to do you
have to do something
Luciano another Tesla crash on the news
doesn't sound like the media likes Elon
Tesla media seems to only call out the
car brand when a Tesla is involved yeah
but no one paid Pay attention to that
crash. That was too ridiculous this
time.
Will Tesla keep that momentum going for
the stock price? Ray tank fitness. I can
just tell you I'm cautious because we
ran up a little bit too much and Tesla
is famous for you know pulling back a
little bit after these crazy runups. So
I am thinking we definitely have now the
potential to flatten out here and pull
back to 410. maybe be ready to 440 and
then pull back to 420 415.
You know, if we get to this 440 to 415
range again, I feel very comfortable
with that. If we would drop from here to
400, that would be very annoying. So, I
think you know if you you can never get
too enthusiastic after something like
this unless we have another boost. So
tomorrow deliveries if they're
completely blown out of the water it can
go to 440 but from there on it will
deflate downwards unless cyber cap does
something big which it totally could. So
that's the tricky situation. But the
default I would say after tomorrow,
let's see tomorrow could be an immediate
sell the news to 415 410
could flatline or if they absolutely
kill it, right? If it's 480 or
something, I think it can get a final
push, but then we're done. So I think if
we go to 440, 435 tomorrow, we're
definitely done in my opinion because
then that's the delivery boost. From
there, you're just done. you're just
going down. Um, unless Cyber Cap comes
into the equation, which totally could
happen. And so that's kind of the trade
setup. That's the big question. What do
we do?
Uh, Andreas says, "Hi, Joe. Sorry I
might be out of uh be off topic, but
with all the AI technology, I'm curious
if you invested in cyber security
stocks." Thank you. No, I have a very
concentrated portfolio. I'm
concentrating on Nvidia, SpaceX, Tesla,
Micro Strategy.
Uh I will look at Micron. I think Micron
is a good deal by the way. You know,
we're doing a little more research. I
think Micron is just on every possible
metric very undervalued
still and it's now going down. So, I'm
getting much more interested in Micron.
that drops a little bit more. People are
a little uh now tired
uh getting tired of Nvidia
semiconductors and RAM it seems. But
that's shortlived. So I'm pretty sure
Nvidia will rally soon.
They you can't not really this thing for
too long and Micron if it keeps having
problems right now. Very good.
Um oh markets already closed. No,
markets of course open tomorrow. I have
options expiring.
Um, you mean on Friday? Tomorrow they
should be open. I need to sell my Tesla
shares to have a down payment on a home.
Should I do 3.5% down or 10% down on a
home? I can tell you that.
That's a very financial advisor
question. Any chance Tesla rent out
It's data centers.
Um,
that's a good question and they are much
smaller than SpaceX data center. So it's
much less money and they need it for
robotics. So I don't think that's a big
business for them because they have
smaller data centers and they need them
more 440 by next Tuesday. Then Cyber Cap
release 600 plus within a week or so.
That's a little optimistic.
Uh Jeff Jones Jr. with all the Fourth of
July US flag wraps will we see cyber cap
expansion this weekend? I don't think
so. I said like maybe the World Cup, but
I don't think Tesla thinks like that.
They just think step by step when it's
ready, roll it out. They don't care too
much about these things.
Real Redneck says Herbert's interview
with Lass Muravi reveals that something
big with Cyber is coming after July 4th.
I
Yeah, I saw it. I don't think that's
what he said. He said there will be a
surprise about growth and scale, but I
understood him more like a buildout
thing for the campus in in Austin. So it
seems more like a Optimus thing maybe.
TGE66, are you confident Optimus will
dominate the humanoid market or just be
one of many? No, I think there will be
total domination going on. That's a
different video. I will cover this in
more in depth, but
it's important to understand how this
stuff works and that this idea you need
the best robot and you need to blow
people's minds with the robot is
ignoring the basic fact that again it's
about the machine that builds the
machine. If you have the best robot but
not the factory and supply chains,
you're screwed. So I think they're doing
exactly the right thing.
Hey, it's Anthony. Joe, I think you're
getting somewhat compulsive on the
options. You may want to dial it back
just a little more patience. Set alerts
on better entry points. You don't always
need to put a trade on. H I disagree. I
think I got it under control. I mean,
it's always fine tuning. I got a little
too aggressive in June. Yes, but it's
not about chilling is not good for me at
least. But it's about uh sizing. That's
very important to have very precise
sizing, risk sizing. Uh Chris Deans, I
don't give a fck if they know it's a
warning cuff. Everything ever took what?
I don't understand. This is confused.
Breman, I need Tesla to remain low for
the next month. I need 12 stocks to
reach my target. Yes. Very good.
Exactly.
Okay. Very good, guys. Let's wrap it up.
But that is my strategy to repeat. I am
going more short. SpaceX still a small
position 180 one month calls. If it
moves against me, which might happen, I
see that as an opportunity to double
down because starting in August, I do
not see any chance of SpaceX keeping it
up here. If SpaceX slides down from
here, it's fine. and I make a little bit
of money, miss out on some
opportunities, but if it moves against
me, I would actually like that because
that sets me up for more.
Let's see what happens. Tesla remains
tricky.
Tricky, but strategically very
optimistic if you don't want to squeeze
out too much alpha. An easy win in my
opinion, potentially very big win. So, I
hope
everyone likes it and
uh we will have I will have a video out
in not too long, less than 24 hours on
citizen vigilante. I needed to do a
video on citizen vigilante. We needed
some commentary on that. Uh then we will
talk more about AI
on Thursday tomorrow and then the
Germany video is coming out. You need a
political update on the situation in
Europe by the way. It's very important.