Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Expansion Signals Just Appeared
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Lyvlzx9WOA
Published:   2026-05-21 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several important news stories about
Tesla just dropped. First, Tesla
announced that full self-driving
supervised has now been approved by
Lithuania. This marks the second country
in Europe after the Netherlands to
approve FSD, making it now available in
10 countries around the world. And the
Secretary General of Transport for
Greece has come out saying they want to
be next. He said they would just accept
the type approval from the Netherlands
outright without waiting for the EU
vote. Second, for the first time ever, a
cyber cab was spotted in Dallas entering
a service center. A production version
CyberCap at the Houston Robbo taxi hub
is now seen with a license plate and
we'll also watch a video of a CyberCap
charging at a Supercharger in Austin.
Third, the New York Times reported that
early reviews of the Tesla Semi suggest
it could be a major hit for Tesla.
Demand for the Semi appears very strong
with California trucking firms asking
the state government for subsidies to
help them buy more than 1,200 Tesla
trucks. That would amount to more than
$350 million in Tesla Semi sales revenue
alone. And finally, it appears Tesla is
building its massive new solar panel
factory in Texas near Houston. The
facility will be co-located with Tesla's
mega pack mega factory that is already
under construction at the same site.
Tesla is earmarked $250 million in capex
with a goal of 100 gawatts of annual
solar manufacturing capacity, which
would be three times the total US solar
installations currently. We have Brian
White joining us today. Brian is one of
our only true Tesla journalists. Check
out his YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive underground factory tours and
interviews. Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Good morning. These are, you know, uh
FSD, is it important in the future? I I
don't know. Uh to me, this is as big of
a deal as automobiles in the first
place. Uh people don't realize it yet.
This is a little bit less visible uh
because you can't tell when the car next
to you is a robot. uh but increasingly
they are
&gt;&gt; yeah this is very good news because this
is what we expected Netherlands drop we
are waiting for the EU approval maybe in
June maybe in September maybe later but
in the meantime you've got countries
announcing we're going to go ahead and
approve it there's more than just
Lithuania just wait uh but that's the
first one Tesla announced that FSE
supervised now rolling out in Lithuania
small countries but it's still a step
forward
the Lithuanians minister Ministry of
Transport and Communications said these
technologies can already make a real
contribution to safer and more
comfortable driving. Our task is to
ensure that regulation does not lag
behind technological developments.
And then sort of saying after waiting
for so many years, it's surreal to
finally see European countries starting
to prove FSD, which is now available in
10 countries around the world and
counting. Um, yeah, they they they want
to be among the first, right? So they're
rushing after u Netherlands approved it.
You'll see that after Lithuania does it,
the Greek Greece also said we want to be
first too, but these guys beat them to
the punch. Uh so let's watch the video
that they shared, but it's uh it's
happening. What do you think, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Well, the this morning case Roland Champ
uh sent me a link about the Greek
approval. They really thought they were
going to be second in Europe, but this
is a big deal. Lithuania, not a big
market for Tesla. I'm not sure they're
even officially in that market or if
it's just uh vehicles across the border.
We know from a story that you and I
covered a week or two ago that uh FSD
approval in Ireland is underway because
that while they are waiting for EU
approval, they're not just waiting.
Tesla has been reaching out to each of
these member company uh countries
individually to say, "Hey, is there
anything you need from us?" I mean, look
at that behavior. That's so clean.
&gt;&gt; Look at that. So, is there anything you
need from us to expedite this approval?
We will get you the test vehicles. We'll
get you the data, whatever it needs,
because you reach a point where if
you've if it's time to vote on whether
or not we're going to approve this, and
it's already out in five countries
successfully.
The big thing was with each major step
change in FSD, Tesla would say, "We're
going to give everyone a free month."
see how they like it because they knew
that it's so much better that new people
will subscribe. But we're at a point
where it's just plain good. It's not
better, it's just plain good. Uh I don't
think twice about using it. Uh in the
same way I only think twice about where
it's going to park me when I get there.
Navigation needs some work. This is the
proof is in the pudding. So let's get it
out in those countries. The neighboring
countries will demand it once they see
what they've got and how it works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're talking FSE supervised, by
the way. So FSE supervised is no doubt
at this point way better, way better
than human driving alone.
&gt;&gt; More comfortable, safer,
&gt;&gt; eight to 10 times better at this point.
Stats has been proven.
&gt;&gt; Um, this is supervised. So, you know,
just to be clear, this is what they're
approving right now. So, this should be
a slam dunk. and but it's 10 countries
that have proved it and we're waiting
for others. So, it's it's it's happening
on it. I would say that it's not quite
10 countries. When I looked it up, I
could only find eight or nine depending
if you count Puerto Rico as a separate
country from the US.
&gt;&gt; Um, and in China, it's not approved for
wide use. It's approved, it's kind of
like a limited scope approval.
&gt;&gt; Scope. So I have tried to get rides on
FSD in China to compare because they're
doing very different stuff. But what we
have seen in China over the last week,
user fault bugs on X sent me uh a bunch
of documentation of job listings in
China for data labelers for safe for you
know local uh supervisors. They are
kicking it into high gear. Their data
center appears to have been running now
for what a month or two, two, three
months. They've got the ability to
crunch that data because China wants
local data. You need local training.
They want it. They want it crunched
locally. So, they're going to keep
pushing forward on this because as you
and I know, supervised works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. It's better to say
it's regions, not countries. Correct.
Thank you for that correction. So, we've
got the Netherlands in Europe approving
it on April 11th. Thank you, Keith, for
keeping track of all this. We just
reported that Lithuania approves FSE
today, May 20th. And then Greece will
approve FSE in June. So, they uh will
report on that now. And he's going,
meanwhile, Sweden be like, but can it
handle straight red? You know, there's,
you know, not everybody will be as fast
as others, but these guys are rushing.
So, thank you to Spyros who reported
that Greece to be the second in Europe.
They wanted to be second because
um this came out they failed to be
second because Lithuania came out and
said, "Hey, we want to be first." The
Secretary General Transport said that
after the Netherlands, which approved
the use of Tesla's FSD, Greece will be
the second country. He said in the EU to
grant similar approval, our goal is that
in the next bill from the Ministry of
Transport, we become the second country
in the European Union accepting just
accepting the type approval straight up.
All the data coming in from the other
side of Atlantic shows us that this
system, which does not leave the vehicle
to operate entirely on its own,
supervised, but instead requires a
driver's alertness ultimately leads a
very significant reduction accidents.
Thank you. It also requires insurance
companies to remain prepared so they can
cover this important risk. Um, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, I wanted to add some context here
because I know a lot of people in the
world who say, "Oh, I have FSD." Well, I
mean, I have something like FSD. I go,
"Oh, what? What do you have?" "Oh, I
have GM Super Cruise." Okay, so that
works on 400,000 miles of pre-mapped
roads worldwide. Uh, compared to say
Tesla FSD, which works on every road in
two continents. Yeah, I'm counting
Antarctica. If we're calling Puerto Rico
a separate country, I'm going to count
Antarctica. There are no roads,
therefore it works. But in North
America, we've got every road is
covered. And guess what else is covered?
Not roads. If you are in the middle of a
field at a big event and it is time for
you to leave and this is mapped as
grass, as a pasture, and you hit take me
home and start driving, it's going to
find its way out, get you to pavement,
and take you home. That's a very
different system than your lane keep
assist on your RAV 4.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. People just don't know. Yeah. They
have no no clue what we're talking about
when you're saying full self-driving
supervised any point A to any point B
even parking and drop off. Um okay. So
that is movement with full self-driving
approval. And I think in China we're
waiting for them to still say something.
It could actually come in Q3 by the way.
It may not come as soon as we all
thought. It might happen after the China
visit. But you're right about the
hiring. I reported that on Monday. Like
many, many job descriptions and many of
them labeled as urgent.
&gt;&gt; And so they're really moving fast there.
Um, okay. So this is new information
about the cybercap being spotted in
Dallas. And take a look at this because
it's kind of like entering a service
center. Oops. Sorry about that. Uh,
Cyber Cap is driving around and it
enters into a kind of a service center.
It it does not go into the gas station.
&gt;&gt; There it is. Goes into a service
station. Yeah, there's proof that they
are, you know, the service centers is
enough. Now, I just did a show where I
was explaining that there are these robo
taxi hubs that we're finding the the
fleets being parked, but then there's
now these car wash facilities in Las
Vegas. The permit is happening. Dallas,
there's one there, 35,000 square feet
of, you know, 271
EV charging u or sorry, 17 CV charges,
200 plus parking spots for these. So
that's in addition to these service
centers, but you can just use a service
center.
&gt;&gt; I can go there too, right?
&gt;&gt; You would think, especially when uh so
much of your parking is going to be when
the service centers closed. I reported
on the buildout of the new washing
maintenance hub in in Las Vegas that's
being built.
&gt;&gt; And of course, I had people saying,
"Well, that's great, but unless I can
see them in all the cities, it doesn't
mean anything." thing and I said, "When
do you see permits? Have you looked? Do
you know how hard it is to find that
needle in a hay stack this big? We don't
know. We don't have any guess where to
even start. Should I go to every county
around the country and start asking them
to pull permits? My goodness, that'd be
infuriating." Similarly, I've had people
say that the semi might not be real
because uh I have has anyone seen one
come out of the factory new? And I said,
I've never seen a semi come out of a
factory. I I know that they do, but I
I've also never seen a baby pigeon.
Maybe those aren't real.
&gt;&gt; I've not actually ever seen one either.
So maybe they don't exist, Brad.
&gt;&gt; I'm just saying. I'm just saying. My
estimate is based on Las Vegas and the
Dallas permits is that and tell me if
I'm wrong, but if you if you have 200
plus parking spots, my guess is that you
know for a cyber cab robo taxi facility,
that doesn't mean you have 200 in
service. It probably means you have a
thousand in service. You have to about
20% sitting there uh that that is there
require you know that that space there.
But most of the cars are out there and
only a certain amount. So you can go 15
20%. So I think it's it's enough for a
thousand cars is my guess.
&gt;&gt; I I would disagree on on on robo taxis
on taxis generally because while that's
true of like Avis and Herz where they
need to uh have, you know, 20 parking
spots to handle 500 cars because they're
gone for a week at a time. These aren't
gone for a week at a time. These are
gone daylight hours. And while there are
plenty of fairs overnight, it's still
going to be 80% fewer. But having 200
spots, you are 100% correct. It doesn't
mean you have 200 cars that are off the
road at night. It means you have spots
for them. You don't need to come back to
home base every night. Park anywhere.
Park absolutely anywhere. The car knows
where it is.
&gt;&gt; There's also service centers. That's my
point.
&gt;&gt; There's also the service centers. And
it's parking is free. There's always
free parking somewhere on the street
where it's completely legal. And as you
and I have discussed, if I'm operating a
robo taxi network, if I've got 10, 20,
100 cars, I'd like my car parked where I
know there's going to be fairs in the
morning. So, if you decide to leave for
work 15 minutes earlier than usual, your
car is already a block and a half away.
&gt;&gt; All right. And then there is a
production version cyber cabab at
Houston robos taxi hub that now has a
license plate.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So that is something new. Um and I guess
that just you know what does that mean
Brian? If you now see a cyber cab with a
license plate.
&gt;&gt; Well uh well one thing it means is it's
a delivery. It doesn't mean it's a sale
because it certainly didn't leave the
company. Uh there's a foot peeking
behind the car. That's a little freaky.
Uh but they're what it means is uh you
don't get them licensed unless you're
about ready to use them. I do see a lot
of people still telling me it's going to
be five 10 years out. Say you don't
begin mass production. You don't plate
the cars. You don't distribute them to
all the markets where you plan to use
them for fun. Uh that makes no sense.
You you have to understand that this is
uh imminent. We don't know how quickly
that means. Uh, but of course I'd say uh
if I shake my Elon Musk magic eightball,
I'm pretty sure it says two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, his two weeks. So then that buys
you time.
&gt;&gt; You're good. You're good, dude. All
right. So, uh, I wanted to also show
this because I know you know so much
about the Cyber Cab itself, but here's a
close-up of the CyberCap charging in
Austin. And this guy says, "Barely can
make out the screen in video, but sorry
for being creeped to whoever Tesla
employee was driving this one." He took
some photos, videos, and uh and uh it
was just pretty cool to watch um this
guy get in
and then the door closes. It's pretty
cool. So,
&gt;&gt; he did push the button. I wouldn't do
because, you know, he's caught his foot
a few times and I am not as nimble as
that gentleman.
&gt;&gt; He pushed the button twice, right? He
pushed the button once to open it and he
looked like he pushed it twice to close
it so that he just wants it
automatically closed. I think that
that's what he did. That's pretty cool.
And then at the very beginning there you
can actually see this is how they're
charging it. Um everything I've heard so
far or there's rumors I've heard that uh
the wireless charging is not approved.
Uh now somebody told me that was it you
that February there was some some
movement there. They might have approved
it already in February but I don't know.
&gt;&gt; So what they approved in February
February was the ultra wide band for
positioning over the pad because uh it
has to be very precise. It needs to be
exactly in the right spot. That's a
reason you and I won't end up getting it
for our cars probably, certainly not our
non-Tesla cars. You need computer
precision to line it up in a way that
gets you the maximum charge efficiency.
So, while that one element of it has
been approved, that doesn't mean the
entire charger's been approved, that
doesn't mean the entire charger's been
built in sufficient quantity, produced
in sufficient quantity to get the
approval. So, I imagine they're probably
working on it behind the scenes. And
it's possible that it is built and
deployed somewhere in testing that we
just haven't seen specifically inside a
building.
&gt;&gt; I do not think that this is a rate
limiting step at all.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Um, you've got these service centers,
you've got these hubs that we're showing
you. Um, you you see that you can just
use it at any supercharger just like
this guy's doing. Now, this you have to
have a person here. So when it's
actually in robo taxi, you can't have a
person plugging it in,
&gt;&gt; but it can drive to
&gt;&gt; that uh those hubs that we were just
talking about talking about and that's
where they can um the car wash places,
service places, and plug it in.
&gt;&gt; If we're going if we're going to pretend
that this is a limiting that this is a
deal breakaker, then Whimo is already
broken because
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. because all Whimos
require a human to charge them and their
batteries are so much bigger because the
cars are so much less efficient. So, and
Whimo is paying retail for their
charging. They might have some kind of a
deal with Electrify America to get some
percentage off, but Electrify America is
still charging them at least wholesale
on the juice while Tesla is not
charging. I mean, they're just their
cost is their is the cost and even then
uh their cost is lower than Electrify
America's. So, even if Electrify America
was giving it away, it would still be
more expensive juice and you need more
of it per mile. So, if this is the deal
breaker, Whimo's done. And I and I would
argue it might be done anyway.
&gt;&gt; Well, Whimo has 3700 cars out there
right now and they're all being manually
charged. So, no worries. We can do
something similar 10 cities, right?
They're in five cities and they're
growing to 10 cities. So, but once you
get to what number? Come on, Brian. Tell
me what number could it become a a you
know, difficulty. 10,000, 50,000.
&gt;&gt; I think 10,000 is a is a good start of
getting to be a logistical nightmare.
Um, now mind you, it's spread out. Uh
maybe they will uh do the Whimo thing
and hire uh humans in the Philippines to
fly over and manually plug them in. Uh
it seems to be working for the driving
operation uh poorly.
&gt;&gt; But I think that Yeah, it it's just it's
just a mess is what it is. But the more
you add into one market, uh the fewer
plugers in that you need per vehicle
because there are efficiencies you get
by having
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can have one. his job, right?
His job all night long is plugging as
many. This doesn't take that many. You
can do a thousand.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, I think I my number would
be around 50,000 100,000
&gt;&gt; and then at that point, yeah, okay, you
want something more efficient, but it's
not big deal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, our number our number one
labor expense is is coding. Our number
two is people who plug in cars. It's
like really maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't want to hire too many
people, more than a couple thousand that
are useless jobs. Okay. Uh so hopefully
we'll keep a eye on it, but right now
we've no signs of the wireless charging.
&gt;&gt; None yet.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; This is the Tesla Semi and uh it just
came out in production and it's got rave
reviews. Here's an article from New York
Times. Tesla's newest electric vehicle
could jolt the trucking industry. Dan
Priestley who's in charge of the semi
program said operators understand what
the Tesla can do for their business and
it's the early reviews of the semi
suggest that it could be a much needed
hit for the company much needed
&gt;&gt; and it could shake up the st the I guess
slow stayed business I just don't like
the word
&gt;&gt; uh business of truck manufacturing the
same way that Tesla's cars uphanded the
auto industry. Wow. Okay. demand for the
semi appear strong. And then there's
this movement that these trucking firms
in California have asked the state
government for subsidies. They want to
buy more than 1,200 Tesla trucks. That's
more than all the applications for other
electric trucks since the state's
incentive program began in 2019. Ivan
Taus, a driver for Navoya, a San
Francisco based trucking company. He's a
big fan of the semi. He said the semi is
quieter than diesel. He can run the air
conditioning while waiting to drop off a
load. Really? You can't you can't keep
the can't keep the car running, right?
If it's diesel, this is sometimes not
possible with diesel trucks because
California limits how long those
vehicles can idle in residential areas
or near schools or hospitals to minimize
pollution. It will also be cheaper to
operate. Diesel prices have risen around
50% in the last couple months, making
battery power more attractive. This is
the perfect timing for this. Electricity
is much cheaper per mile, even in
California, where utility rates are
relatively high. And then if you add up
the,200 Tesla trucks that these guys are
asking for, that would be 350 million in
Tesla semi- sales revenue.
&gt;&gt; And that's assuming they're all the long
range. The thing with California's
rebate program is you submit an
applicate. You submit a form that says,
"Here's what we're hoping to do. Please
approve it so we can move forward with
the purchase and it will make the sense
that we expect it to make." Is that you
get a lot of transparency. you get to
see who is buying and how many they're
buying and at what price.
&gt;&gt; Uh manufacturers historically love to
not tell everyone what the other guys
are paying so they can give someone a
sweetheart deal and someone else a worse
deal. Uh but with the California rebate
program, it opens that up and you can
just see that's how I'm able to know
what all the different EV trucks on the
market cost. And for months I've been
covering different brands of semis. And
what I've explained is that
&gt;&gt; 300,000 really is the sweet spot. If you
can get a truck uh landed cost to the
customer under 300,000, it will make
sufficient financial sense even before
the diesel prices went up. With the
diesel, this blows it out. This makes it
more like 400 450,000
that you could justify, but you don't
know how long the diesel prices will
remain this high. Maybe this is forever.
Maybe this is what it will be. But very
few believe it's forever. It's just if
you have an electric truck running
today, you're already saving more money
than you expected. You just shortened
your payback period. So on these Tesla
Semi, the long range version is priced
at 290,000.
Once you throw on these incentives, it
becomes so hard to justify buying
anything else. And in terms of the
maintenance, well, this is a brand new
truck. It's going to have issues that it
won't have in the future. Yet, we just
saw a survey recently that said 95%
uptime, uh, which compares to diesel,
which runs like 82 to 87 with the
absolute best being 92 to some can get
to 95. So, at worst, Tesla Semi is as
reliable as the very best case scenario
diesel. That's mental. Uh, and it's only
going to get better. So, these prices
make sense. I have seen some people
bitter. How dare California offer these
incentives if it's already approaching
cost par. It's not my air. It's not my
taxes. If they want to do it, let them.
California has uh topographical features
that trap in pollution. They've always
handled their pollution in ways that
other places haven't needed to because
it's their air they're breathing. It's
their children, the rich and the poor
are breathing the same air. I know it's
crazy.
&gt;&gt; Oh, how much is the incentive? Is it
like a 100 grand?
&gt;&gt; I think it is. I don't have it in front
of me, but but I think it might be the
the old one. I haven't looked at the
details on the new one. The old one was
uh 120 uh per rig for everybody and 150
if you're a qualified small business uh
or veteranowned. I think there was a
&gt;&gt; giving it away for free at this point.
That's great.
&gt;&gt; And also the dreage trucks that run at
the port and short runs to and from the
port were also at 150,000. At that
point, a Tesla semi is at 140,000. At
that point, a Tesla semi could be
costing the exact same or less upfront
as a diesel semi with every mile after
that increasing your savings.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Yeah. So, you're you're correct
here. After years of delays, Tesla's
begun taking orders. And guess what?
It's a hit. It's looking like very early
signs looking like it's a hit. It's
$290,000
um for the version that can travel up to
500 miles on a charge. much less
expensive than the trucks sold by
Daimler, Volvo, uh, and other companies
selling electric trucks, which usually
sell for at least 400,000.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And of course, cheaper than the diesel
themselves. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Oh, well,
&gt;&gt; the diesels are typically like in the
150 range. Uh, so and and there's a lot
more variability on the diesel because
they come in every configuration where
on the electric we're only seeing kind
of like two two to four variants per
manufacturer with a lot more limited
options. But if you want an electric Mac
truck, garbage truck for your
municipality,
it's 500,000
before you put the dump truck part on
it, before you put the garbage truck uh
features on it. So you could be looking
at a 700 $900,000 garbage truck. That's
uh that's too big of an ask. Very very
few communities will do that.
&gt;&gt; So what's your estimate of what's going
to happen now for Tesla? This is early
signs, but it's looking like it's a
runaway hip.
&gt;&gt; Yes. In terms of
&gt;&gt; when when do we get to 50,000 run rate
in the factory?
&gt;&gt; Yes. In terms of demand, there is no
problem. Um, in terms of production,
that's a lot of batteries. That's like
30 gawatt hours of batteries, 40 gawatt
hours of batteries. So, 4680 production
is going to need to ramp and ramp
quickly. The indications we've gotten
from Tesla is that we can, it is solved.
I will believe that when I see it. I
know battery manufacturing is very
complicated and challenging and that
there have been nothing but delays in
4680 manufacturing and deployment. So,
it could be that they're already
stockpiling cells somewhere. Maybe
they're even making the modules for it.
Uh two modules for the short range,
three for the long range, but it's the
problem is going to be the batteries.
They've got the lithium refinery
running. That's going to help, but
lithium is not that much. It's maybe 400
lb out of a 20,000lb rig. It's probably
even less than that. It's probably maybe
200 lb of lithium per truck. It's not
much. It's all the other things. So,
when will And when they get to a point
where they've exhausted the demand at
$290,000,
they'll just cut the price
&gt;&gt; because they're cutting it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because 290 is what they can sell it at
today. they are not losing money on
these units. And as uh production
increases, as efficiencies increase,
they can watch the margin climb and
climb until they've uh sold every one
they can at that price and then start
pulling the price back uh compressing
the margin once again.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That seems to be their
pattern. They always sell uh when it
comes out of the factory the first time,
they'll sell a lot higher like the
Cybert truck and then they lower the
prices over time. So, when do you expect
them to get to the 50,000 per year run
rate?
&gt;&gt; I will be surprised,
&gt;&gt; right? I think if they get I will be
very surprised if they hit the 50,000
run rate by the end of 27. I think it'd
be in 28
&gt;&gt; when we would start getting close to
those numbers if everything goes right.
&gt;&gt; All right. And uh Oh, we finally found
out where this the solar panel company
or factory might be. It's could it looks
like it's going to be in Bergkshire,
Texas near Houston. It will be
co-located with Tesla's mega pack mega
factory. Full integration, ingot growth,
wafer slicing, phototovaic cell
production, finish panel assembly, all
under one roof. More than 250 million
capex. The target is 100 gawatts of
annual solar manufacturing capacity.
This company, First Solar, currently the
largest domestic solar manufacturer,
projects 17.7 gawatt by 2027. Tesla's
aiming for nearly six times that. Wow. M
&gt;&gt; the total US solar installations all in
all of 2023 was 32 gawatt. Tesla wants
to build three times that capacity in a
single complex. So they started Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So we had some quality speculation
where it might be. I saw people
suggesting Giga Buffalo and I pointed
out that the facility the amount of land
they have is just not appropriate to
build at the kind of scale Tesla wants
to build. Others have pointed out, well,
it should be in Texas because they like
to keep things local. And if this is
going to be making not just residential,
but also uh satellite spacerade uh solar
panels that they might want them in
Texas, they're easy to ship. I I wasn't
worried about that, but a lot of us
guessed plain wrong. We thought it would
be at either Giga Texas or maybe near in
Bassrop near the uh SpaceX facility or
the Boring Company facility. And we were
all wrong. This is fine. This makes good
sense as well. If they've got the land,
they've got the space. And I will point
out that 250 million is very capital
efficient for a project of this scale.
Other companies have launched with a
billion dollars unsuccessfully, but
that's because they didn't have the
company already established. That
billion had to build a company and then
build a factory to then build solar
panels. Tesla doesn't need to create the
company. They have it. It's already
running. uh they don't have any trouble
putting up buildings. Tesla is their own
general contractor for all the things
that they build. And you will notice
that someone will say, "Oh, by the way,
they're going to be expanding next to
SpaceX." And a month or two later, Joe
goes out there with a drone and you see
it's half done. Uh so it moves very
quickly um because they've done so much
of it. They're good at it and they are
their number one priority. When they
want it done, it gets done. And yeah, so
from there it's solar panels are not an
elusive mystery product. They are a
commodity and it makes sense to build
them because well, you know, labor is so
much cheaper in China. There's no labor.
There's no labor involved in
manufacturing solar panels. There are in
China already lights out solar panel
factories where the whole place is a
no-go zone for humans. I'm sure there
are paths you can take, but why would
you go in there? That's not the maze is
not for you. So, there's uh a lot of
opportunity because Tesla knows they
want them, not just for themselves, not
just for their customers, uh but just
generally they need them. and having
them manufacture in the US, even if they
were significantly more expensive than
in China, which they probably will be,
uh they can offset that by uh not paying
import tariffs, not waiting a month or
two for shipping and not paying for that
shipping and not having as much
intransit damage risk. So, it's a a
win-win all around.
&gt;&gt; This is great. I've been uh hoping for
I've been saying that they needed to get
into solar generation or energy
generation, solar panels free. I can
imagine this not only being used for AI
data centers as you can imagine all the
superchargers it's going to be free
energy on everywhere
&gt;&gt; everywhere and Tesla can colllocate it
uh any scrap of land available in Texas
where they know they're definitely not
going to build something they can put
solar panels there generate just a
little bit more why not um and uh I'm
not worried $250 million is a lot of
change for you and me but that's because
my bank account doesn't have tens of
billions in it for them.
&gt;&gt; Spoiler alert, I do not have tens of
billions in my checking.
&gt;&gt; Check again.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Brian. Appreciate
you. Uh full of knowledge and I
appreciate you so much. He knows
everything about all the topics I bring
to you. Follow him at Futurazza if you
want to see the deeper dives, deeper uh
uh analysis that he does. Thank you
everybody. Bye-bye. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.