Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla's Robotaxi Pieces Are Falling Into Place
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQcvHdDlChM
Published:   2026-06-26 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-26 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The signals are all pointing the same
direction. Tesla seems to be planning to
launch robo taxi all at once. Nitsa just
announced it is removing the requirement
for autonomous vehicles to have manual
brake pedals. At the same time, a record
150 subcaps were spotted driving or
parked across the Giga Texas site. Plus,
Elon Musk confirmed that SpaceX orbital
AI data centers will be called Starmind,
while the distributed AI data centers at
supercharger sites will be known as
Megapods. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the Star Bull, the Queen
Tesla Boomer Mama Alexander Mertz. We
got the Mega Bowl, also known as Mr.
Incredible, the Executive, Jeff Lutz,
and I'm your host. Some say I'm the
brightest bull. I'm the megastar.
I'm just kidding. Kidding. Don't at me.
Don't at me. Worthy some.
&gt;&gt; How did I become the star? Well,
especially this week. How did you do
that?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's get going with uh some
of the news, the big news that happened
a couple days ago about Robo Taxi,
SpaceX. A lot of things have happened,
but before we do that, I wanted to
address something that's happening
amongst the Tesla community. So, um
Alexandra, one of the things that uh
folks are saying uh about what you did
and tell us if it's true, but it doesn't
sound like it's you. So there's a post
by this guy named Jean and he said okay
at this point I'm fully convinced that
Elon is stonewalling Tesla robo taxi
roll out that has been a theory by some
people and every time I ask somebody do
you think that Tesla you know Elon is
specifically actually purposely
sandbagging robo taxi and the answer I
keep getting back from Joe Bacti for
example says no if he does that he will
go to jail. this is not something he can
do uh to to in order to keep the Tesla
price low so that when SpaceX is at its
high it will buy it at a premium and he
explains why he thinks that this is this
now you took that post and you actually
forwarded it saying more people
understanding it uh I know that that's
not what you meant can you uh kind of
clarify to everybody what you did mean
&gt;&gt; the company and the product I don't look
at the quarterly stock movement A very
realistic bull questioning certain
decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. They enjoy listening
to bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Well, thank you for giving me that
opportunity. I I appreciate that. So,
just to make it very clear, I was too
quick to repost this. I didn't read
everything. I posted it because it had
one of my core ideas in it and I I like
that which is that there will be a lot
of good news between the moment the
merger is announced and the shareholder
vote. Right? I do believe there is an
intention to have a lot of good news and
I deducted that from the fact that the
Roadster is now planned for August.
Right? And you all know my theory that I
think the the merger will be announced
end of July. So I jumped on it because
somebody else had said it. I forwarded
it. I didn't I actually went back to my
day job and uh didn't look at it and my
gosh, the storm had hit. Now, I did
clarify as soon as I could. That doesn't
stop some very motivated people to um
banger on. But let me explain what I
really meant. I really meant not that he
was stonewalling. And by the way, I
don't agree uh with the people saying
that that would be security fraud. It's
not. It's what is called business
judgment. There are companies rolling
out products and services on a certain
calendar, not because the product is now
ready, but because it's Christmas and
they want to sell their phones for
Christmas or whatever. This is just
business judgment. So, um, you know, all
these people being like, "Oh my god,
this lifesaving thing has to be here
today." Well, the life-saving thing may
not be ready and it may actually never
be perfect because perfect is something
that is very very uh relative to explain
but it will be in my view rolled out in
the coming in in Q sorry Q3 maybe a
beginning of Q4 um when it's ready and
when it's the most the biggest
opportunity for them to roll it all out
in one go right because there is
obviously a stacking I think we're
talking about that later of cyber caps
at the moment and there is viewings of
of many of them. So that do I consider
that stonewalling? Not at all. What I do
consider is happening is that good news
is coming and I think that is a positive
message and not one where I do believe
you know Elon is evil. I mean that's
absolutely crazy. I have supported Tesla
and Elon for the last six years with
much too much energy and hours. So the
last thing I want to say is which would
be completely wrong that Elon is evil.
But some people thought it was a good
message to carry on and it is not
&gt;&gt; what you've been doing supporting Elon.
Uh in fact I kept telling you you should
not have in your profile I'm an Elon
fanboy. That is not uh but you said no
you really are. But so this is uh you
know you did it to yourself. This was uh
&gt;&gt; I did I apologize. It was the wrong the
wrong uh post to forward. I should have
been more careful. I have to learn to do
with my finger what I do with my tongue.
seven times turn before I press the
button.
&gt;&gt; Well, what we're going to cover today is
actually this robo taxi launch at a
little bit more detail because look what
happened on Monday that went viral. This
whole thing about that car hitting a
house and killing somebody inside.
Everybody blamed Tesla and that went
viral and that's precisely why they
cannot Tesla has to be super careful.
Even one little incident like that can
derail everything. And yet a lot of good
things are happening. So let's let's
move on to that. Um, first of all, the
reason I joked around about, you know,
calling you a Starbull and Megabol
because Elon and Tesla, SpaceX is
calling everything space now or star
now. Did you guys see this? SpaceX, all
these stuff. Starfall, Stargaze, Star
Shield, Starbase, Staractory, Starship,
and Starlink. I did a whole show
explaining each one of these, but many
of these products uh people don't even
realize are there, but they're all using
the Star uh name. And then you've got
mega charger, mega pack, mega factory,
and now we know the mega pod. We'll talk
about that. And then uh this is the new
format. Okay. So the big news on robo
taxis, Nitsa is dropping manual brake
pedal mandate mandate for fully
autonomous vehicles. Uh they are now you
don't need to have a brake pedal if your
vehicle is designed to be driven
exclusively for automated driving
systems. Uh Trump's transportation
department launches common sense updates
to brake pedal requirements and uh looks
like it says the move builds on the
agency's effort to safely unleash
American innovation and rethink the
types of equipment like windshield
wipers or rearview mirror vehicles don't
need if a human being will never drive
the car. This is coming directly from
Nitsa. This sounds like a, you know, a
further confirmation that the government
body is promoting autonomous driving. Is
that what you think, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. In fact, I think there's
some, not that you have to look at it
every hour, but some relative strength
today in or on Thursday with Tesla. And
I think that some of this news is part
of it because now you have a a larger
regulator. I think there's some voting
that still has to occur, but a larger
regulatory burden that's been removed.
And I think we should remind people just
going back to this, you know, is is robo
taxi ready to roll out or not? I think a
lot of us are FSD customers and a lot of
us are amazed by the technology and
we've gone from crit safety critical
interventions to very few safety
critical to really no interventions in
our drive from point A to point B. But
the the pickup and drop off, the weird
things that could happen on the road
like these gates that come down near the
HOV lanes, all these things, they have
to be solved for because when you do
anything at scale and I have a lot of
experience at dealing dealing with this.
We when we build prototypes of a product
and we just have hundreds and a
thousand, we calculate it. We calculate
the probability of an incident on a
population of a million. And this is
what Tesla has to think about. Robo
taxi. Have they built a million cyber
cabs? No. Will they build it over the
next month? No. But when they go from,
you know, dozens to hundreds to
thousands. It's that relative um order
of magnitude movement that if you put
that population out there and you don't
resolve these issues, the the noise
level on those issues magnify as the as
the as the sca as the scale you actually
put out there that order of magnitude
scale. So people need to understand this
until those are 100% resolved. I think
Tesla is being appropriate and judicious
and not going to scale. But what's nice
is the robo taxi software releases are
ahead of what we're seeing. So they
could have already resolved many of
these issues and we could be very close.
The fact that they're keeping the
hardware movement in any mass production
roll out of a complex product, you have
hardware, you have software, and you
have field readiness that you're dealing
with. And the fact that they're keeping
the field readiness moving, the hardware
moving, it it you you don't want to
build up this inventory too long because
you want to understand how the product
is performing in the field and you don't
want that inventory to age. And if you
look at how Tesla runs their automobile
business, they don't let inventory age.
So I think this Nitsa ruling actually
if you put those buckets back together
hardware software field you also have to
put that fourth bucket of regulatory
readiness. I think this takes a huge lid
off of it and we'll have to see where
this goes. Finally on the constructive
side we need to see these permits go in
and they need to be trackable. I don't
know exactly if we know by the day or
not if they've submitted that for
example the California permit but we
need to see some of these things moving
because that's another objective sign of
scale. I have been saying I did a show a
month and a half ago. So my reasoning is
is that no Elon is not trying to uh
delay everything. What what I did say
was that if you're rolling out CyberCab
and and and the CyberCab is a brand new
form factor, brand new vehicle, and it's
never, you know, been out there with
FSD, full self-driving. Meanwhile, Model
Y's, we have millions of us using Model
Y's and testing FSD for four years. We
haven't done that. And they needed to
roll out. Yeah, probably hundreds, a
thousand. Distribute them through all
over the United States, wherever they
can bring them, test out full
self-driving everywhere, capture that
data. They're still in data capturing
mode. And that's why you see many of
these uh cyber cabs have steering wheels
because you need them to be supervised
FSD just like you did with the Model Y.
I did that show a month and a half ago,
and I said you're not going to see a
roll out of cyber cabs like that anytime
soon because they need to test this.
Now, we're starting to see cyber cababs
coming out of the factory without
steering wheels, but it's not 100%.
Because they're still in the data
capturing mode for full self-driving.
That's my reason why I think it's going
to be a little bit longer. But once they
feel like it's ready to go, it's going
to go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this NA announcement today
gave me a lot of comfort because it was
after two horrible press days on um
accidents with autonomous vehicles. It
was first the one Texas and then the one
on that playground in in California
which were both ridiculous but I mean
that doesn't stop mainstream media of of
pushing them and I think the fact that
NASA published it today it may have
always been the day they wanted to do it
but it gave it a good sequence of you
know how much they believe in this
future technology how much they see it
how much they have learned and how much
they are now comfortable with taking a
major step now I'm personally a little
bit doubtful on the windshield wipers
I'm not sure I would like to be in a
cyber cup that doesn't wipe at all
because not for taking control but just
for seeing what where we're going right
but uh but on all the rest I mean of
course mirrors what the heck right get
rid of it get rid of it quickly
&gt;&gt; I think uh ash was one one of the uh AI
I think maybe Yantasai was asked this
question like why would you need star
windshield wipers if if it's autonomous
and he said well the passengers want to
look outside too and enjoy the view so
yeah they're going to do it still
&gt;&gt; yeah I just want to say one quick thing
on the mixed
unit still going out. That's very normal
in a new product uh roll out when you're
like you have to seed these units
everywhere and at the same time you can
also be starting the production effort
and the production distribution in
parallel. That happens all the time. So
this looks rather normal to me and and
it looks like things are moving. So, I'm
not it I think you'll see units with
steering wheels for a long time
actually. It depends where they need
them or what they need them for. But the
fact that you see a mixed set of those
to me is very normal with the with the
with the scaling of production.
&gt;&gt; And and Jeeoff, you saw that, right? I
think uh Joe Techmar confirmed that
these steering wheel units, the ones
with steering wheels and so forth, it
can be removed at the field.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It can be removed in hours. like these
aren't uh you know like production you
like our my car you can't remove the
steering wheel and pedals these ones are
designed to be in and out
&gt;&gt; correct and that's a big thing that
Tesla had to plan for and manage in the
development of the product and uh that's
that's a really good thing and they have
the they have the service centers they
have the facilities to be able to do
this but remember you want to keep these
numbers at a manageable level the
conversion numbers at a manageable
level. So, a lot of this to me makes
sense. And again, they've got to get
these convenience issues. I mean,
essentially at a zero, I I agree with
Alexander. You never you're never quote
unquote done. But there's these stages
of safety critical, you like super
critical, non-critical, and then these
convenience issues. And you don't want
either of them, excuse me, you don't
want either of them to scale. And we've
got fairly good evidence that the safety
issues are are mostly resolved. So now
we just need to get through these
convenience issues. And I think they've
actually gotten through a lot of them.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Okay. Another uh big event, a
regulatory event, and I think Alexander,
you wanted to talk about this because
you think it's quite important. Uh this
is Nitsa themselves also announcing
this, but they're talking about a global
technical regulation at the World Forum
for autonomy driving system. and they
basically said, "Hey, Nitsa, we're we
are proud to join the vote for the
world's first global technical
regulation. This model framework, which
incorporates elements of US DOT's AV
framework, will help streamline AV rules
on a global scale and empower us in
this."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this was approved and uh and I
think this is really um much bigger news
than people understand because in this
layered system of governments we have
with agencies and super agencies and
United Nation agencies. I do believe
this is the highest level of regulation.
This has now been an approval for which
the United States worked and fought for
which is also giving me some comfort
about their stance for federal
regulations because I mean we just
learned about the breaking system. Now
let's see what's coming next. Um and so
the the the fact that they were able to
convince
other nations to vote sufficiently in
number for that and that this becomes
now the norm um will make it much more
difficult for individual states and yes
I'm looking at you Germany with the
United with the European Union um to
continue their lobbying effort to slow
this down. Um there is this uber
national entity now that has spoken and
now let's see how efficient that is to
trigle down. Um but I am very confident
that that was the best way to do and
obviously um I feel like Tesla had a lot
of education done to make sure the US
delegation was very confident in voting
for it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I'm still skeptical about it
regulation.
&gt;&gt; Bureaucrats, right?
&gt;&gt; Bureaucrats. I never know. It sounds
good, but is it really going to pave the
way or not? We'll see until it happens.
Um,
&gt;&gt; Germany is doing a lot of lobbying in
the European Union. I have
&gt;&gt; against it.
&gt;&gt; Against it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; At all levels.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They want to wait in the give it
some time. Give it, you know, you're
right. You're going to destroy our our
companies, our auto business. Okay.
Well, we uh this is a big news here. Joe
Takmar basically reported something very
exciting. He said that for the first
time he saw more than 150 suburb caps
today driving or parked all over Giga
Texas site. Remember one time we were so
excited when it was 30, then it was 50,
then it was 100. Now it's 150. So these
are all being driven all around and
being tested everywhere. That is a be
Look at that. Alexander, you're happy
because you're so upset whenever you see
that they're not in a row. But look,
they're all getting better. It's getting
better. I mean, what's that Cybert truck
doing in the middle? But no, it's okay.
It's okay. And then you see these
beautiful blue um I think that was our
model Y's now maybe.
&gt;&gt; Are is that the new blue? Is that the
new blue?
&gt;&gt; I mean if we would have still have X's
and S's I would have thought it was an X
but um it's not. I I saw the blue in
real life here in Santa Barbara. It's
the most beautiful blue I've ever seen.
I love this blue color.
&gt;&gt; It was on a on a Model S. Absolutely
stunning. Okay, I think we're going to
see these.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what these moves are, but I
mean it it is getting better. You see
the third row? The third row is nearly
perfection, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Which third row. I'm talking about this
one right here.
&gt;&gt; The third row of Cyber Truck. The long
one. The the longest of those three rows
of Cyber.
&gt;&gt; Oh, right here. Right here. Right here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. Isn't that beautiful?
&gt;&gt; Yes. We're going to see a million of
these like pretty soon.
&gt;&gt; Did you see the race? Did you see them
on the race? Uh on the
&gt;&gt; Let me play that now. But uh Joe Joe
Techmar is sorry sorry Joe sorry your
music is not playing the same yeah there
is like so many of them I hopefully I'll
find the part where there were so many
of them racing each other yeah
&gt;&gt; I mean they're really testing them on
their own grounds and everywhere at this
point it's it's ratcheting out
&gt;&gt; where is it trying to find two important
things I think here it is
&gt;&gt; go ahead and just two important things
one is they're shipping them away from
their factory, which means they're very
confident in the performance of the
hardware because the most expensive
place to have to rework or do some sort
of retrofit would be away from the
factory. The cheapest place would be in
the factory. The real cheapest thing is
to never have a problem, which is the
position they think they may be in. The
second thing people should realize, and
what's different here is they're
shipping these to themselves. That's
very important. Tesla, I think, can take
a little bit more risk knowing that
they're managing the service side of it
very closely. They're not there's not
going to be as much of a customer dis
there could be a customer
dissatisfaction issue with an individual
rider, but there's a different
experience with, you know, doing one
ride share and maybe having a a
convenience issue, maybe the door isn't
opening as fast as versus having an
owner having the issue. So those two
things I think are very important that
they're actually leaving the factory and
they're shipping them to themselves
because it actually allows them I think
to take a little bit more risk uh in
this launch and and do a really big
launch. remember there there isn't I
think we we kind of we beat ourselves up
a bit and like I said Tesla has made
some near-term promises that haven't hit
but we kind of beat ourselves up a bit
but when you look around what other car
company is deploying thousands of these
things right now into the field and
getting ready to launch in the US the
answer is uh none and of course there
are a couple of other services that have
a couple hundred or a couple thousand
vehicles but if you look at the rate of
deployment
versus the rate of what Tesla is doing.
Um they're just they're complet they're
actually completely different things and
I think people should understand that
they're completely different things. Um
so anyway, it's exciting to see them
leave the factory and it's exciting to
know that Tesla is managing this
experience before it goes beyond Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I have a question for the two of you. Do
you think we will ever be able to
purchase them or will it be reserved
just for Tesla fleet and maybe
professional fleet operators? I say no.
Uh I I I don't don't understand why a a
consumer would why why Tesla would let a
consumer buy a cyber cab. On the other
hand, we have heard Elon say that you
know we need fleet managers and he did
say that you know he has a bet doesn't
he with uh what's his name MKBHD or
something like that saying that uh we
will sell one to you know to consumer by
the end of this year.
I I it's not going to be a consumer. or
I think it's going to be a fleet manager
that could happen. Now CERN thinks,
yeah, no, they're going to do this and
he did a whole show on it and he showed
them, you know, how much money you would
make if you did this. I just don't
understand.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if I had the choice between the
Roadster and the a Cyber Cap, I'd buy a
Cyber Cap.
&gt;&gt; No, even if you had a choice between the
Cybercap versus buying a stock, Cybercap
is like infinitely exponential growth
that you can keep buying more. I just
don't understand. I don't understand.
Why would they need to do this if
they've got all these service centers
that have automated cleaning? You don't
need these fleet managers that you
thought you needed
&gt;&gt; back then.
&gt;&gt; Well, Larry has this theory that
actually by having Tesla owners for the
peak moments
&gt;&gt; is really helping stabilize the whole
balance sheet for Tesla. I understand
that argument, but he's talking about us
owning my Model Y and you're owning the
Model 3s and not that we would then buy
a cyber cab that then then we own it and
we'd only put this. If you own a cyber
cap, that should be on 24 hours a day.
That's not that's not the vehicle that
does the that that's meant for the peak
or a FIFA soccer game is here this city
and now we need a double the amount of
cyber cap or robot taxis out there.
You're not gonna, you know, you don't
you don't need those the robo taxis. I
just don't doesn't make sense to me.
&gt;&gt; But if they would come up, would you
purchase one?
&gt;&gt; Of course.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think it's the I don't
think it's the never thing. I just think
that there's such a large channel fill
that they have to do for ride sharing
for their own fleet and maybe for other
fleet operators. It's it's going to be
quite large, quite extensive. But that's
that's mo more than a theory about
utilization and load balancing. That's
everything actually in rid share from an
economics perspective. So I would lean
more towards them doing that where they
put the economic burden on the consumer
to buy the cyber cab outright and then
the low utilization piece of it is off
their shoulders and the only thing that
they have to directly manage is the
fleet that they own. And then if they
can call on people say if you add to the
fleet this is what you can this is what
you can get. I think it's I think it
makes a lot of sense. It's just not
immediate. It's just not right out of
the gate.
&gt;&gt; The one solution I could think of would
be if they combined it with food
delivery or package delivery just like
you know how Amazon has a whole bunch of
people that they hire you know Door Dash
and all that. So because you know when's
the optimist going to be ready to do
this and so why not you buy your cyber
cab and then you can do these deliveries
now you'd have to be physically there to
do the last I don't know I don't know
doesn't make sense but uh that's one
idea I can think of um so they are
hiring Jeff do you see this they're
hiring the senior logistics analyst to
deliver robo taxis across North America
this is uh own final mile of logistics
for robo taxi deployments across North
America.
This is I mean obviously they've already
delivering cyber caps all over America.
We're all watching these uh trailers
with cyber caps being driven everywhere.
This sounds like they they need to hire
more people. Um what's your thoughts on
this job post thing here?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is a different thing than
getting product to consumers. This is
now you're monitoring different metrics.
You have different feedback mechanisms.
So this this needs to be a thing. This
can't m maybe today it's it's part of
somebody's job that has to make the
quarter on shipping you know threes and
wise and cybert trucks but this has to
probably be its own thing managing this
is a new channel this is a new channel
for Tesla remember build the order build
the inventory for consumers and now they
have fleet management of cyber cabs and
eventually fleet management of of of uh
of the semi so makes
&gt;&gt; well I understood this completely
different this job. But I may be wrong.
I understood that this was actually for
the delivery part of the cyber caps
doing the last mile, you know,
coordinating with the Amazon of this
world.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; where to pick up the par packages and
and the the dwar dashes of this world.
Because if you read about it, own final
mile logistic. The final mile logistic
is bringing it the last mile to the
consumer. When you talk about
transportation,
um, you you always have the large bit of
the transportation, you know, the cross
country or the the 300 mile, whatever,
and then you have the last mile, which
is when it comes from your UPS facility
to your place, whatever. I had the
feeling that this was about the delivery
that with these partners on engineering
and getting the contracts in for these
last minute, but I may be wrong. Yeah. I
I think it's just delivery of cyber cabs
to locations they need it. Carriers,
rail partners bring it bring it to
logistics hubs. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I think that is a thing. I
think that will be a thing in the future
what you described, Alexandra. But I
think they they've got to get focus on
getting these out to the field.
&gt;&gt; So do you guys uh believe that this is
the plan? The plan is you know we we're
building these cyber cabs. It looks like
it's you know they're they're scaling
it. They're moving along just like he
said, slow at first and then gets pretty
quick, big quickly, and then they're
staging these cities and then it will be
a launch. More like an all at once
versus a dribble. Is that what you're
seeing?
&gt;&gt; Yes. And you remember his volcano his
volcano uh tweet that was a bit volcano
post that was a bit mystic um where he
said he has to now live in the volcano
whatever. I think that was always his
their symbols for this eruption of all
at once.
&gt;&gt; I don't I don't know. I uh there's
there's reasons. So launching a bunch of
cities at once.
Yeah, sure. But putting a lot of volume
on those cities at day one is probably
not the smartest thing to do because you
could have other things in the system
related to operational management of
that city that could cause an issue. So
I don't know. I mean they could they do
that of course but it if they I don't I
don't think that that's the case. I
think I think they're going to launch a
lot of cities, but remember we like we
saw a tweet about launching Dallas and
Houston and it was two cars. So I think
we need to define what launch is by the
way too. I to me a real launch is like
you can support the channel and this is
this is something in consumer goods
today for when we have these discussions
and we talk about allocation even use
the Nvidia example. There's no use
giving somebody like 5% of what they
need if like if they can't bring the
data center up and and actually do the
training run they need. So allocator
when you're on allocation you're or
you're doing a brand new launch you have
to think through can I fully support the
channel uh or not. So I get I don't know
if they're going to do this all at once
thing. U it sounds good. Um, but all at
once may mean a lot of more cities going
quote unquote live, but smaller numbers,
but then ramping up pretty quickly. I
think the slope of the the of the curve
is going to be very quick once they're
ready to go. Uh, but I wouldn't be I
wouldn't be doing like I don't know 500
in each city day one. I'm not sure if
that's the right thing to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My my fork my belief is this.
Okay. what it were last week of June.
They're not going to hit the f the seven
cities that they said they will. But I
think by the end of next month, they
will do onesie twoosy model wise in all
these cities, Las Vegas and all that.
They might even do it by the end of this
week. But I think that by the end of the
month, they will hit the seven cities
that they said, but it'll be onesie
twzies just like they did with Houston.
Then what they need to ne next do is get
Austin fully up to ramp which is all
100% of Austin is now unsupervised and
then that's where they'll introduce
cyber cap first right few a few cyber
caps I don't think they're ready to do
you know hundreds of cyber cabs and I so
I'm not a believer of the all at once in
the sense that all of a sudden you know
you know 100 cars go that's not what
they're going to do but I get that the
the definition of all at once meaning
they're ready they got 100 100 100 and
then they're going to you they're going
to go faster faster faster than what
we're seeing over time. I will see that.
And then I still maintain that they're
not ready for cyber cabs until maybe
another month or so until they get the
data to be fully fully for sure. And
then what I'm going to say is that each
city will have 900 cyber caps and then
you'll have a 100 Model Y's. That's the
way it's going to work per city. And I
think that by the end of this year, I'm
still going to stick with the 10,000 or
15,000
robo taxis live in at least seven
cities, if not more by then. What do you
think about that plan?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I the the technology is there to
scale quickly, right? If it works in one
city, the second city is going to be
easy. I'm not saying it's immediate.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they they are why do they launch
one or two cars? it is to make sure they
have the grid the the city under under
control and and have understood, you
know, the the hot spots where things
don't work as easily yet and feed that
into the neural net and and iron it out.
Um, but I do believe once that is done,
whether you launch with 10 or with 100,
there needs to be a what I'm trying to
say, there needs to be be a certain
level of infrastructure to make this
interesting. If people have to wait 25
minutes
&gt;&gt; because there are only 10 around that's
a letdown. So you have to get to a
certain number where it becomes
comparable or even competitive
to calling an Uber and that's where you
will have the good headlines and where
you will be perceived as penetrating a
market and and I do believe that's what
they're currently preparing though. So
yes, it may not be all seven cities at
once. It may be one after the other. But
I do believe it will be with
consequential numbers very quickly
because if they're not,
what are all these cars for? What are
they producing? Where why are there four
lines of cars sitting on that on that
lot? What for? Right? I mean, they're
not going to just sit there and wait for
next year, January. The nice thing is
we're sitting here after about six
months of these things being in in
larger use and we don't have a major
incident. We actually we went many
months without even a minor incident. So
that credit to to Tesla I think for
managing that properly knowing that we
know that there are convenience issues
in the software because we have them in
our own cars and we know that they're
very similar. The robo taxi is a little
bit ahead
for the launch. Tesla, I think, has a I
actually think they have a a very good
plan for this. It's almost I'm just if
I'm talking out loud, there should be
this beta mode, like you enter a city
and you're in beta mode. You have cars
out there, the service is live, people
can can order a car, but to go from beta
to production mode, back to your point,
Alexandra, you should be able to support
the business and have wait times that
are reasonable. So, it's a good service
and people give you a good net promoter
score. Remember, go back full circle to
what Tesla is. Tesla Tesla's cars are so
good. They have the highest or of the
highest net promoter score of any car
you can buy. I think Tesla wants to
launch this service and do it in a way
where it's highly recommended because
you're going to start seeing surveys now
about robo taxi services and which ones
have the highest net promoter score and
that's going to really push people to
one app or another in their phone. So, I
actually think that's how I would
recommend it. like we launch a city, we
put a number of cars out, we're in beta
mode. When we're ready to get the volume
of cars out there that can actually
support the demand, then you flip this,
you flip to production mode and say
we're live in a city. So, I think Tesla
can get credit for launching these
cities in some form of beta mode. Not
two cars, but enough cars to get a lot
of data and get a number of cities in
that mode and then start flipping them
into production mode. uh again once they
have a software release that has these
convenience issues largely resolved and
they're operationally ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Alexander, you Yeah, you said
something very important. I think that's
very interesting. So, you're right. So,
let's say so right now in Austin, I
don't know 30 cars at the, you know, at
any one time. And it's frustrating,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a beta mode. You you you
know, you order a car, it takes 20
minutes to get there sometimes. Okay.
It's one city, so you can handle that.
If you start rolling out to two, five
cities, can you really, you know, that
then you're exposing a lot of consumers
out there to real to in their heads
going, "Oh, cyber cabs 20 minute wait.
That's a brand killer." So maybe you're
right that what they'll have to do is
take Austin, turn that into a production
mode so that they at least match what
Whimo does, 300 cars minimum, maybe 500
cars like to truly show that we're here
in business and you can take it at Cyber
Cap. it will be much cheaper then when
they roll out to all the other cities
maybe you might have like one or two
cities where you start with beta mode
two cars 10 cars that's fine but it but
you can't do that too many cities at
some point when people think of cyber
caps you want them to be at production
mode in more cities faster you're I
think you're right I think you're right
there so that's
&gt;&gt; and I was in Vegas last week and I
didn't catch a cyber cap but I know
they're testing cyber caps there because
one of the people I met had seen one the
week before so I do believe, you know,
they're currently doing that in Vegas.
And this is going to be the biggest
market ever. I mean, there are only
people in Ubers and in taxis there,
everywhere. Everywhere. So, and and the
the permits they ask, remind me, it was
for 5,000, right? It wasn't for 100. So,
&gt;&gt; I I still believe it's, you know,
&gt;&gt; beta mode. Fair enough. You make sure
you have it figured out. You understand,
you know, how the parking works in this
city and how certain hotspots are more
complicated. You feed that to the neural
net. make sure everybody has, you know,
all the cars are now set for this mode.
But then you bring the load and there's
no point going halfway. Then there's
just one at one point you'll have to
take the risk and I do believe we're
very prepared. All of us having tried
FSD know how good it is and the cyber
caps have a much advanced and more use
specific version of what we have in our
cars.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Any other comments on cyber cabab
and robo taxi rollout before
&gt;&gt; I I have one that is a a topic we um we
discussed a little bit in our DMs at the
beginning of this week which was this
accident in in Texas. I just want to
hear a little bit your opinion on that.
Now, I'm, as you know, using FSD a lot,
but a real grandmother. But when I come
to uh a crossing where I know it's going
to slow down much more than it should, I
sometimes hit the accelerator pedal and
then it does follow up, but it still
steers, right? It still turns right if I
wanted to turn right or whatever and
goes a little bit quicker than it would
have done by itself. All good. So I I
wonder when I read these explanations
from Ashok that the driver overrode
this. So when you really push the pedal
to the metal um does the steering
function still obey the FSD or does
everything disengage? I never got to
that point and I know Tesla already
Tesla already um tested it, but I don't
think they ever got to the point of
really, you know, pushing it to a point.
I I see the warning signs. I see all
that. But can you really accelerate to
the max and still stay in FSD mode? Does
anybody know? I mean, maybe you don't
know either. I just want
&gt;&gt; When you see So, what happened when he
did the test is that as soon as you
start pressing the accelerated mode,
within a few seconds, I don't know how
many seconds, there's a warning sign.
And if we continue doing that, there's a
second warning sign with a sound, right?
Beep beep beep like that. Why are they
doing that? Because then they're going
to turn it off. They turn off.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, did they turn off? Do we know
that?
&gt;&gt; I do not know that. I do not know.
&gt;&gt; And then if it would turn off, then the
steering is by the supervisor again,
right? Then it's not
&gt;&gt; because the car went straight, right?
The car didn't avoid the house. And
that's just completely unthinkable of me
that the car wouldn't avoid the house.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. If it was on,
it's going to override. It's going to
not do that, right? That's the whole
point.
&gt;&gt; I cannot hear you anymore.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can't hear me or you can hear
me?
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's good now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you know, you're asking what
my opinion is. I'm extremely upset about
this whole thing. I'm very very um
pissed off about it. Uh here's this
headlines that went viral across the
world. And not only did it happen 3 days
ago, which is the moment that this thing
happened, the day the hours after it
happened, it continued after Tesla has
already told everybody what actually
happened. And then there you can tell
that this is no longer just, oh, I made
a mistake. No, a Tesla driver using auto
assistance crashed into a Texas home,
killing a woman. are assuming that it's
already that it's a fact that they're
using auto to using autopilot crashing
the home. One person's dead after Tesla
a Tesla on autopilot crashed through as
if as if it's already like a like a G
what's the word validated confirmed that
it was on autopilot and uh here's the
video it won't play because I've done
this many times now and then um prepare
to be su so he says business you lying
whatever prepare to be sued and Elon
replies saying yes this makes no sense
FC drive slowly through neighborhood
states and this was a high-speed crash
said yeah in this case a driver manually
overrode self-driving by pressing the
accelerator all the way to 100% of the
accelerator pedal in this residential
area. They reached a speed of 75 m 73
during the crash had the accelerator
pressed even after the crash. And then
he came back and said this blatantly
irresponsible reporting does more harm
to people than they realize. Using Tesla
self-driving is far safer than manual
driving. This was measured over 10
billion miles. Planting such FUD in the
minds of general public who might not
know all the facts might prevent them
from using this technology that makes
them safer.
Clearly they're already telling you this
was not on autopilot. It was disengaged.
This is and how many times has this
happened? How many times has it at least
10 times in the last three years
&gt;&gt; always and always at very convenient
year later.
&gt;&gt; A year later what do we hear? The
results came back from the investigation
but nobody cares at that point. It's a
year later. So this was just a no
because these journalists know that they
do they know like 44,000 people are
dying and you're going to do this and
and and you don't care about how many
people you're basically d you're you're
preventing from you know
&gt;&gt; I just didn't hear anybody commenting on
the steering function. Was the car still
steering or was this now completely
disactivated? But we will know one point
of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I think number one, we
have to let the investigation play out.
I would have loved to have seen the
duration, for example, of the of the
accelerator press and how long did that
go for. I think there's a number of
things. My advice is to let the
investigation play out. You're right,
Herbert, the media, there was knowable
information at the time and even that
the day later uh that they could have uh
written the articles in a way that were
more balanced and they didn't. and we
know what's happening there. That's a
problem. I think Tesla should get
extremely aggressive with people and
just I mean the tragic thing is
someone's not here anymore. It's not
necessarily because of a Tesla and all
the all cars have some form of ADAS and
all these cars allow the driver to take
if you're in cruise control in your car,
you can take over and you could and you
can, you know, mash down on the
accelerate people. This is how cars work
today. So, if there's something that
needs to be looked at across the It
should probably be looked at across the
board. I don't think there's anything
here that's Tesla specific, but that I
go back to my original instinct of well,
let's let the investigation play out.
Maybe there is something maybe there is
something that can be done. We want to,
you know, prevent these. But it goes
back to that original point. How many
car accidents are being prevented by
people on FSD? That's not a measure.
It's not a directly measurable stat
today, but there's information that says
it's many times safer.
So, I I think we just have this issue
right now of you have the suddenness and
you have the headline trauma of this and
the message of how many lives are being
saved is not being
effectively delivered, by the way, not
only by the media, but not by Tesla. You
know, they're trying. there's a there's
a website and there's all these
different things, but the the technology
is so important, the engineering is so
good that there's much much more of a
story here to be told. And I think that
could be helpful, but in the end, these
people are writing articles with
knowable amounts of information out
there that they're disregarding and
they're putting them in a way that, you
know, puts Tesla in a bad position. So,
let's hope they get to the bottom of
this. Somebody's gone. We don't ever
want to see that happen. Um, but at the
same time, we know that there's a lot of
people that are at the the kitchen table
today that wouldn't be because of FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me let me add two things.
First of all, the family of the lady who
decid who was killed, and I agree with
you. I mean, how sad that is, is suing
Tesla. So that may actually accelerate
the investigation and which is good
because I'm very confident that Tesla
will you know be able to prove what
really happened. Um and the the second
point is as to us shareholders, we wrote
a letter to the board in January 2025
signed by I think 1,700 Tesla
shareholders with I don't know millions
of shares asking them to start suing the
media and nothing followed up. And I
just feel like, you know, it it's there
comes a point and it may actually be now
where you have to take one of these
examples, sue them, and I mean, there's
so much freedom of press, I know, but
not when they're lying and not when they
are actually putting in danger the
progress of a life-saving technology.
So, uh, so I really hope Tesla takes
this at heart and the lawyers are doing
their job because that's the only way
the price will ever change. So yes, both
of you correct, Jeff. I am totally
understanding that this is not we don't
know what has happened yet. So we need
to wait for the investigation to come
out. What I'm complaining about is that
if you're a journalist and you're
writing articles, you should be factual
and you should present both sides. You
should say it was allegedly on Tesla's
autonomous autopilot. You should say
Tesla has replied saying this. Simple as
that. Now NTSB and uh and ENITSA they
both are now opened up and they're
launching a probe which is great. I'm
very happy that they're doing something
like this. That's fair. It just reminds
me of what happened in January. Okay. In
January there was Nitsa reported that
Tesla's robo taxi in Austin had five
crashes. So everybody everywhere, all
the all the main um news media wrote
Tesla's full robo taxi is four times
worse than human driving. That was their
headline. You read all the articles, not
a single one of them actually says what
the five crashes were. And guess what?
You already know what they are. The
answer is that they were all fender
bender. They were all parking lots and
they like 1 mile per hour, 2 m per hour
that it touched a pole at the back.
That's what they were. So they don't say
that, but they say this headline. And so
that's that's that is no longer well,
let's find out what happened. They
already know what happened. So and yet
they still said what they said, right?
So yeah. So uh do you think that Tesla
could would ensue this or not? because
you know uh in that in that tweet I
shared the guy Pete said um Tesla should
sue these guys and Elon kind of replied
to it. I don't know if he's meant to say
yes, we will. But
&gt;&gt; I mean, there is a couple of things that
give me some comfort. Um, for example,
in the SpaceX IPO, you know, they did a
bond issuance uh a couple of days later,
beginning of this week. Um, and they had
invited all three rating agencies,
meaning, you know, paying the rating
agencies. Now, Elon was always against
rating agencies, and he certainly didn't
pay for them other than at one moment, I
think in 2020. Um but it um but it clear
and it and it wasn't for the rating.
They paid for certain studies in the
year of the S&amp;P 500 integration and then
suddenly the integration happened. I
mean, you know, my my opinion about
rating agencies. I don't need to go
there any more. But the fact that he's
playing from time to time this game and
uh allowing them to sit at the table
with him um gives me some reassurance
that when it is necessary he bridges
to their methods with which you know he
doesn't agree 99% of the time but
sometimes the bigger goal
brings him to play the game. And I do
hope that in the case of the press's
negative stance on robo taxis, he does
the same because it is really important
that this launch is portrayed in the
right way. Now, will there be incidents
like we have way more incidents? Yeah,
there will be. And I mean that that
that's just you know when you have a
business nothing goes ever 100% as you
as you wish how it would be. But it is
clear that if you have the press with
you, it's going to be easier to
overcome. Now, there are two ways of
having it with you. Either you sud them
and they learn their lesson that they
better watch out what they're reporting
because if not, they get sued as well.
That is one way of doing it and the
other is like playing the advertising
game and and everything that comes with
it. What do I believe they are doing? I
do believe they will try to do both. I
was very impressed in Vegas. once of one
of those big big billboards was
stalling. So there is you know they they
are starting to understand you know how
to acquire clients how to they're doing
marketing the different way in a more
pushy way. Pushy is probably not the
right word but you know what I mean in
more aggressive way. So I do hope that
they're actually do going both ways
suing the worst and working with the
others.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One thing to add to that, I agree
with that.
Again, I think Tesla's going to figure
this out. I just one suggestion could
could be in this situation is actually
call in the media and say, "Look, like
this is this technology is coming.
Driverless vehicles are coming." And
maybe they this is something they do
with Nitsa and the government. And when
there's an incident, because this has a
lot of public attention, has a lot of
public interest, has a lot of public
concern and and excitement. But when
there is an incident, you report it. And
as you report the incident, as is as as
long as you're reporting the incident
and you're also reporting the avoidance
statistics of what happens with self
with with these cyber caps and what it
does for safety. If the two get
published together and they and they
pair this up all again the end goal is
that people are properly educated
because I don't think because if you're
talking to the media do you really want
people to to move away from this
technology knowing that it's net
life-saving? Of course the answer should
be no. So, as long as they're reporting
the two together of okay, there was an
incident and however, as we know when
these the the overall driving statistics
say that this is, you know, eight times
or 10 times safer than a human, whatever
point in time they're doing this
reporting, Tesla has this information
readily available. As long as the two
are reported together, it's for the
greater good of society because society
should know that there are these
incidents. But society should also know
that the that we are move we're actually
moving the ball forward and more people
are at the breakfast table than would
have been before without this
technology. The same thing, by the way,
could have happened with EV fires. It
never did. The EV fire the rate of EV
fires was much less than combustion
vehicles, but the media glombmed onto
that. I'm just saying maybe there's an
opportunity here. We can assume that
everybody's evil and nobody's going to
do it. But maybe there's an opportunity
here to just bring in the press, have
this education, have this conversation.
We'll work with you when there's an
incident reported, but just report the
overall stats together. It's for the
greater good. Uh, by the way, I think I
don't want to speak for the two of you.
I think that the three of us, we do want
Tesla to advertise now that full
self-driving is good. Not that we want
them to advertise, but we want them to
educate the the uh the consumer. Is that
correct? Is that how you guys stand? We
got we got a nuance answer to this. Go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; Selling cars or selling services.
&gt;&gt; No, I I think just the the you know,
full self-driving and how good it is and
how it could save lives.
&gt;&gt; Educational, of course. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, the my my answer to
Sorry, Jeeoff, go ahead. I was just
going to say they need to measure
awareness and address awareness.
&gt;&gt; You've been saying that which is address
awareness and then you can decide how to
what to advertise or where where you
Okay. So I think that Elon though is
convinced that the best way to educate
the the public is cyber caps. having
cyber cabs, a thousand cyber cabs in
your city and it's driving people
picking them up. That's the way to do
it. That's what I think he's he's
thinking versus Starlink. People going,
"Well, they're advertising for
Starlink." Yes, they are. Well, you
can't see a Starlink. You you don't know
that it's there. It's invisible. So,
that's why they need to advertise that
that it's available. Uh I think that
that's the difference.
&gt;&gt; And that may be true, Herbert. Uh, and I
hope it's true, but for years the
conservative media
brainwashed I mean more than 50% of the
population that EVs are made of plastic.
They catch on fire and the batteries go
bad right away. And everybody that I
know in any circle that is is from that
persuasion, they recite those three
things back to me.
&gt;&gt; I'm like, I've been an owner for 13
years. None of that's happened. By the
way, this is what the cars are made of.
Very, very sturdy crash IH ISR crash
safety rating five-star. You go through
all the data, but they've been over and
over and over again. They've been
brainwashed. And that's one of the
reasons that the US is at a 6 to 9%
adoption rate of EVs is is actually
negative media because these are better
cars. So I think this does need to be
addressed and as Tesla being the EV
leader, I do think they need to
understand not only the awareness but
the sentiment on EV and decide like
we're going to be in the EV business,
we're going to be in the ride share
business. We don't want the media to do
the next thing to the ride sharing
business as well and say oh these are
doing this or oh these are death or
anyway one wrong thing they could blow
it out. So I I think it is incumbent the
educa I think it's incumbent upon them
to educate. I'm not here to tell them
how when or how but I certainly would
not want to see a repeat of 6 to9% EV
adoption and everybody you know being
brainwashed quite frankly with wrong
information which is what happened.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and that's why I asked you my
question whether it's for selling cars
or for selling services because selling
services means you're actually educating
right. Um and uh and uh and I do believe
there is actually very little
barrier to entry from the younger
generations. I think somebody between 15
and 30 35 as soon as they can have the
cyber cap if they're halfway pro Elon
there will be a fraction that will not
but uh they will have the the the
app on and the fact that the car is an
EV and the fact that the car is super
safe I don't think that generation has
those priorities they just want to sit
in the quickest car that comes the
cheapest car that comes and the coolest
car that comes but
&gt;&gt; that is not going to be 100% of your
market. That will be a good part of your
market and that is not. And if you want
to
make sure the press is not overreacting
every time, there will be the slightest
incident. And if you want to make sure
you capture the rest of the market, you
will have to do what I said earlier. Sue
the worst and work with the others and
make sure there is somebody reachable.
Because every article I read where they
go, "We reached out to Tesla and nobody
could be reached." That's the moment
when you're not allowed to do that
anymore. You have there has to be
somebody who replies, who sends the
statistics, who educates, who does from
time to time camps where they all come
and and learn about it, where they do
their own test drives. This is a work
and I know I know it's called PR and
that word is never going to be spoken
about, but it's there is there is a
learning curve that you have to bring
the people with you. This is it, right?
This is going to be a consumer play. You
need to battle any kind of brand damage
that could happen. Otherwise, just let
it be maybe.
&gt;&gt; And a completely new consumer brand.
Sorry to interrupt you on that. I I I
mean, I'm not saying the car buyers are
all the easiest. Far from me to to say
that. But this is a completely different
&gt;&gt; type of clonel where it's completely
other needs. It's small money but lots
of small money makes big money. Um and
it's a a quicker
decision making. It's a rating product
where the consumer has a high leverage
on how they
note this and how the these the
statistics gets out. Um, so in lots of
ways this corresponds so much to Elon,
but it's also the first time he's really
dipping into this high level service
um
offer and uh and and lots of what he
hates has to be put in place here.
That's actually a very good point, too,
because I mean, how many there's 10
million Tesla vehicles out there
globally,
but now we're talking about something
that any person can just hail a car and
here comes a cyber cab and you're going
to experience it for the first time and
you're going to do it often. It's almost
like, you know, using your phone or
using a service that's like, you know,
an app that you open up every day,
right? And you're going to open the robo
taxi app quite often. It's got to come
out right. It's got to be viewed, right?
Okay.
Oh, talking about names. So, Star Mind
is now fully uh confirmed to be the name
of the orbital data center. Starman was
just trademarked by XAI. Will this be
the official name for SpaceX AI
satellite constellation? Elon said yes.
What do you guys think of the name Star
Mind?
&gt;&gt; It's great.
&gt;&gt; Shoot. I mean, I'm sure I'll never
remember all the star whatever, but um
we'll get there. Star, whatever. Mega
whatever. There we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's almost doesn't matter because
this is not a consumer solution. It's
what they're calling the product, the
business. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All these star products are for
the B2B business with the most hype
payers in the world. you make in one
month what you make with your consumer
products
in a much more difficult way. Oh, this
is going to be a tough way of see I mean
the spectrum of Elon's products from the
right at three or 10 or 15 bucks to the
one billion two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is absolutely crazy.
&gt;&gt; I I can't even understand that. Can you
think of any other product that you sell
that's a billion dollars a month? That's
the price point. Can you afford a
billion a month?
&gt;&gt; That's your customer.
&gt;&gt; He and he had the full power of asking
for that and they're paying and I mean
maybe they pay only a couple of months
but they're paying a Can you imagine a
check? I mean I don't know. I don't
think they pay by check.
&gt;&gt; I can't think of anything else that is
at that price point. A billion dollars a
month. That's the product
&gt;&gt; part of the gig for them. They don't
they're not depreciating the asset. they
can get in and they can get out as
customers. Elon can get in and get out.
So now Elon and and SpaceX are
effectively the arbiter and allocator of
these GPUs which have been in and are in
short supply and memory by the way which
in now we've seen what's happened with
memory prices is in short supply and now
Elon has memory and GPU chips and he has
him in much greater lead time or sorry
much lower lead time in flexibility to
so
&gt;&gt; this is a really this is a really big
move. There are people that have put
decided to put a set of polarized
glasses and say, "Well, he's over
capacity and they screwed up Croc and
but something enabled this and their
ability to build these data centers,
build them at a cost structure and now
run them at a net utilization that
allows them to bring their token price
down to actually bestin-class of all the
frontier models in the US and
approaching where the Chinese are. This
is something very very special and uh I
just don't think the uh the audience has
caught up onto it. And by the way, the
speaking of all the gamut of products
he's selling, look at all the mega pack
and and uh mega block deals that are
coming in. They're coming they're coming
in at 25 gawatt hour sizes now. Some of
the stuff we're seeing in Europe,
&gt;&gt; Europe, in Australia. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 25 gawatt hour thing. I uh for people to
understand Lyrop Megapek factory maximum
you know capacity is 40 gawatt hours
that one factory the entire year makes
40 gigawatts and they just sold a deal
with it's Italy and another country uh
partnership to do 25 gigawatts which is
more than half of that one mega pack
factory we're going to buy it all like
that we're going to see mega deals like
this left right and center no you know
multibillion dollar deals
&gt;&gt; and it's not just for data centers. I
think Elon was out in front on this one
very early and I think this whole
battery electric storage space is is
going to take off and and in and in many
different ways. So, it's exciting.
&gt;&gt; Well, talking about that, this is the
name of Megapod. Megapod is uh and it's
just an an AI thing. I think that's not
what it looks like per se, but these are
AI distributed AI data centers for
inference that will be located at Tesla
superchargers. And he had said that
there's going to be millions of these.
Okay, so we're not talking just, you
know, thousands cuz how many
supercharger stations are there that can
actually do it? Because, you know, do
you actually own the land? But these
supercharger stations are already
connected to electricity. They already
have mega packs for many of them. And so
you just plop in these data center and
then now all of a sudden you can do
inference.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. And then that that
really reminds me of a post he did nine
months ago. Now nine months is a long
time for any woman who was pregnant. She
knows exactly how long nine months is.
So this was on September 3rd.
He wrote step one buy a shitload of GPUs
by two step two question mark. Step
three profit. It is incredible to me to
&gt;&gt; understand nine months afterwards again.
I mean how many times do we say that
Herbert like you know oh he saw it he
saw it so early. Yeah he saw it so early
when he bought those GPUs and I want to
address that because I get so many DMs
on that. Oh my god but these GPUs were
meant for for Tesla and he gave them to
XAI. Oh my god my migraine is coming
back. Sorry about that. No, no. The
first one that came didn't have an
immediate use for Colossus. Now, what is
No. Cortex. Cortex is the name of the
Tesla ones, right? Because that was not
ready. So, he gave those to Colossus.
And when the Colossus ones came, they
came back to Tesla. There was nothing
of, you know, they didn't get it. There
was actually a lawsuit on that in
Delaware that was dismissed, right?
Believe me, they would have loved to
make a scene about it if they could.
This was one of the lawsuits that got
dismissed. So no Tesla was not missing
out on anything at a moment where they
couldn't use it and Xiaire had the use
for them they were given to Xia but the
next ones that were bought for Xiai came
back to Tesla so there was nothing
nefarious going out or Tesla was missing
out on anything and the simple fact that
the Tesla ones are not rented out shows
that they are needed they are needed for
FSD calculations they are currently and
and that is what brings us to AI5 and
AI6 six chips, right?
Tesla has some of the most important
bricks in the wall for both companies.
It is not as if Tesla does not I I'm
when when I hear, "Oh my god, now it's
all about SpaceX. He doesn't love Tesla
anymore." I mean, this is the complete
BS.
He has spent months and months and
months on on improving AI5 and AI6.
I don't think in anybody's mind he would
do that if he was just interested by
SpaceX. The same way that the options
that were 10 days ago, eight when was it
on the 17th? So yeah, about eight days
ago changed from stock options to
restricted
to restricted stock so he could have
voting rights.
came with a five-year engagement to not
be able to sell the restricted stock and
remain the key person at Tesla. So, I
really I really would like to reassure
everybody that there is no reason to be,
you know, worried or in any way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, he spent eight months uh
all his weekends. All Saturdays were on
AI5 chips, AI6 chips, the chips, chips,
chips that's owned by Tesla and then the
Sundays were all Optimus for eight eight
months. It was like that was all he
lived in. He was trying to make sure
those things are done well. All right.
So,
let's do a u a quick uh quick quick
questions here. Rapid fire questions for
you guys. What would you name Tesla
solar?
&gt;&gt; Well, it has to be mega, right? It has
to mega mega solar.
&gt;&gt; Mega sun. Mega solar. That's boring.
Mega ball.
Okay. Uh, that's all I have. I don't
have any other ones.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Starlight, I don't know.
Something like that.
&gt;&gt; Starlight. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But at the moment, the Tesla stuff is
all called mega, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's
&gt;&gt; Tesla energy.
&gt;&gt; But the solar is going to be shared,
right? 50% some is going to be made by
Tesla and some going to be made by uh
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; like the chips. Did you see that? um I
don't remember the name of the company
but that the the US Treasury is now
investing money into one of those chip
factories in the US.
So um
&gt;&gt; I do believe there's going to be more
news in that field. I think the America
the United States have understood very
well that chips are going to be the new
currency.
&gt;&gt; What do you think is going to happen
with SpaceX and and Tesla anyway? So we
know that SpaceX has a massive deal with
the US government already for Star
Shield.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So would not the US government
then say, "Hey, I want shares in
SpaceX."
&gt;&gt; I mean, they could have shares in
SpaceX. That would stabilize the the
shareholder community. I'm not against
that. I mean, what I am against is
nationalizing a company, but the United
States hasn't nationalized a company for
&gt;&gt; for anything than two reasons. One,
financial distress, and second, war
obligations. war, you know, immediate
need for for whatever else needed and so
they they uh nationalized them and then
but that's it there. America is not
America is capitalism. We'll be in
France.
Yeah, they love it. But uh in America, I
don't see that
&gt;&gt; the typical pattern is is I agree with
that has been they there's a capital
need that that company may not have been
able to get on their own. Look at MP
materials. Look at we had a national
security issue with uh Rare Earths. Look
at Intel. Was Intel, you know, at 22 or
$30 a share going to be in in in kind of
the position they were in? Brand new
CEO. Were they going to be able to go
out and get the kind of capital that
they needed? So, there's a number of
these situations. I'm not defending each
one or I'm not promoting each one that
the government should or should not do
it. But the government should make sure
that the US is self-sufficient on these
critical things for national security.
Uh, and we're not there, by the way,
yet. There's so much more that they
could be doing. We still can't make our
own smartphone here, for example.
There's many things that we can't make.
We can't make a lot of our own medicines
yet. So, I think there's a lot I agree
with Alex. I think there's a lot more to
come on this. Uh I would look I would
look uh and it could be later down the
line SpaceX but SpaceX has shown with
the bond offering with the IPO that they
have no issue going to the market and
getting capital. Elon has no issue going
to the markets and getting capital. The
question is is does the US government
want to be part of that or not? So I I
do think in the future you will see see
things around hopefully battery storage.
Again, this has all been bucketed in
this clean energy thing and a scam that
the current administration doesn't
necessarily believe in, but I think
they're starting to open up on battery
and maybe even maybe maybe even even
solar. So, we'll see. We'll see what
happens.
&gt;&gt; Did you see the latest announcement? I
think it was just before we started
taping which is that they are now
allowing federal land that is used for
military use but that is you know not
immediately used uh that there is mining
of of rare materials allowed now and I
think that is you know a big step
forward because remember when Elon told
us how difficult it was to get the
initial permitting and I mean obviously
permitting on federal grounds is going
to be much easier if there is already
the whole preposition to it. So, I
thought that was a very encouraging move
of this administration.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let's hope that the
regulation continued moves forward for
all the good stuff. I did come up with a
better name for Tesla Solar. Pretty sure
this is what it's going to be called.
It's going to be called Megastar. That's
what I said at the very beginning.
Combine the mega.
&gt;&gt; I thought it will be mega brighter,
right?
&gt;&gt; Brightest bull.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thanks everybody. Appreciate
it. This is the brightest panel out
there. Appreciate you, Alexander Mertz,
Jeff Lutz. Follow us next time. Bye.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.