Channel:     futureaza
Title:       I'm Coming Back To NEPAL for NADA Auto Show & Ethiopia Later !
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZlaVJL1PxU
Published:   2026-07-30 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-30 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Guys, it is that time of year again. I
am going to Nepal, but this year I'm
also going to Ethiopia. This is all very
exciting. I've got a bunch of
announcements for it, how you can help,
what we'll be doing in the future, and
where on Earth will I be traveling in
2027? All that and so much more. I'm
Brian, welcome to Futuraza.
&gt;&gt; [music and singing]
&gt;&gt; If you know me or have followed the
channel for a while, you know I'm always
on the road. I'm always going somewhere.
I always say next year I'm going to do a
lot less travel, and next year comes and
I'm doing even more. I travel 20, 25
states a year. I travel to three to five
countries a year. I am always going
somewhere. This year I'm going to
Kathmandu, Nepal and Addis Ababa,
Ethiopia over the next few months.
There's a lot of stories to tell in
those places. Now, you know I've been
through North America and Latin America.
I've driven Chinese cars in Canada and
Mexico before I went to Asia. I went to
the Dominican Republic to see what was
going on there. I went to Mexico City to
drive that. I mean I mean that's a lot
of North American coverage right there.
And then I went to Asia. I've been to
China what, three times in the last
year, year and a half? I have a Chinese
driver's license. I've gotten behind the
wheel of Chinese cars. It's terrifying.
Not because of the cars, because of the
road conditions and the traffic. It's
very congested. This gives me a better
perspective on [snorts] what's really
going on around the world. I've been
through Europe, uh the UK, Ireland,
Northern Ireland, Netherlands, Belgium,
France,
uh Switzerland, Austria, Germany. I've
driven cars on the Autobahn. I'm there
because the cars are there. A lot of
cars we don't get. I'm there because the
experts are there. A lot of experts you
can't meet anywhere else. There's a lot
to cover and I tried to do that. So,
last year I went to Nepal for the auto
show. Not just for the auto show,
because I had ground support. my editor.
My hardworking, long-suffering editor is
in Kathmandu. He arranged interviews. I
got to interview amazing people. I got
to interview the lead engineer of a
hydroelectric dam. I got to
interview the CEO of BYD of Nepal. I got
to talk to people who make fast
chargers, to people who make the apps
that run them, to
taxi drivers, to just all kinds of
people and tell the story in a way that
the locals appreciated it. I showed
respect. I showed grace. I was kind to
them, but fair to the story.
Not everything is perfect, and I showed
that, and they appreciated it because
they know not everything's perfect.
That's important to know. So, for Nepal,
we've got some things lined up already.
We've got some interviews, but we could
always use more. So, if you know a
business leader, a thought leader, an
entrepreneur, or someone who just has a
fascinating story, maybe they built
their own electric three-wheeler. I
don't know.
Maybe you can help me connect with them.
Also, we are trying to set up a meet and
greet cuz I now have quite a few viewers
in Nepal. People who appreciated the
coverage last year, people who want to
see it continue, and I want to see it
continue.
It's an exciting story. But, why did I
even go to Nepal? Well, because they
went from single-digit electric vehicles
to 87% in less than 5 years. That's a
story. Something's going on there. It
needed to be covered, and it really
wasn't getting much coverage in Western
media.
So, that's how I do it. Same thing with
Ethiopia.
I had mentioned offhandedly that their
story is very exciting, that they had
banned the import of new
gasoline-powered vehicles for passenger
use.
Like commercial, those are still around,
but not for passenger vehicles. And I
had a viewer reach out and say, I have
business in Ethiopia.
If ground support is what's holding you
back,
I can give you my ground support. Now,
of course, that doesn't mean 24/7. It
probably doesn't even mean 9:00 to 5:00,
but it doesn't need to. He can connect
me with the right people, the people I
need to talk to, the people I mean, not
just that, not the people, not just the
places,
but also if I need to know where an ATM
is or where laundry services or
something I can't find on my own.
In China, that was a real hassle.
This will be addressing it. And then my
friend Andy, who's a viewer, we've been
uh friends for a few years now. We've
met a number of times,
said, I have a gazillion sky miles.
I can get you to Ethiopia and back.
So, the airfare was covered. That made
it possible. That meant I could do this
without
bankrupting the channel.
It's amazing.
So, and it and I may have the hotel
covered. I I haven't gotten clarity on
that, but it doesn't matter as much
because a pretty nice hotel is like 20,
30 bucks a night in Ethiopia. So, where
does the money come from? If I'm not
getting all these sponsorships, if I'm
not paid money by a car company, which I
never have been. Not one penny from any
car company, not four-wheelers, not
three-wheelers, not anybody.
Car companies have never given me a
cent, and I don't want a cent.
I'm not getting paid by governments to
come and promote them. That's crazy. I
don't know how they would find me. I
don't know how I would find them, and I
don't want that. Because if I do any of
those things,
they get control of the story, whether
it's directly stated or strongly
implied.
I don't want that. You don't want that.
So, I'm able to do this
by using all the money I make. Where's
the money come from? Well, YouTube pays
some money.
There are channels that just chase
clicks all day. That's all they care
about is the clicks. They know that if
they can keep you for 30 seconds,
they've got you for most of the rest of
the video. That's enough. They'll start
with the conclusion. This is what people
will click. I wonder if I can backwards
find a story that makes it fit. What you
end up with is popcorn.
It's not meaningful. It's cotton candy
and popcorn for the first 30 seconds to
justify the outrageous title, and then
10, 20, 30 minutes of just filler.
Charming filler, but filler. Maybe it's
a pretty face. Maybe it's a beautiful
location or set.
But there's no there there. Those are
Those are influencers, not analysts.
The videos I make are the videos I want
to see. The videos that don't exist
otherwise necessarily. Nerd stuff for
nerds like me.
I want to get deep in the weeds. I want
to ask the hard questions. I want to
find out do you have a transformer
shortage? And I know the answer you'd
say, of course everyone does.
Not so. The West has a transformer
shortage, but India and China do not
have a meaningful transformer shortage,
which means a lot of the grids around
the world are switching to Indian and
Chinese-made transformers.
They've got the goods. They started
their electricity ramp much later than
us. So, for them to continue to grow
into the current ramp, all they had to
do is just keep ramping. Where we had
plateaued, and we have to reinitiate a
ramp. It's much more difficult in the
West.
So, that's how I do it. I get some money
from Patreon. I get some money from uh
YouTube. Get a little bit from X, mostly
from subscribers.
But uh
these trips don't happen on their own.
So, I thank you everyone who helps me.
If you want to help me, there's a few
ways you could do it. You could do a
one-time donation through PayPal, link
in the description. That'd be awesome.
You could do a You could sign up for
ongoing support through Patreon as a
patron, through YouTube as a channel
member, through X as a subscriber. You
can do all of those. I try to add bonus
content there. I don't always get around
to it because I'm so busy. I'm so busy.
So, those are ways you could do it. Um
you can subscribe. Please subscribe.
When I hit 100,000, I can stop begging.
Um things apparently change when you hit
100,000. Dr. Notal is about to hit it.
97,100 last I heard. That's really
exciting. Help him out. We'll do an
experiment. He's ready to run it. Do
things change at 100,000?
But the big thing
is maybe you want to become an actual
sponsor. Maybe you want to become a
patron.
Um in the early days of the channel, I
had a viewer who I became friends with,
who just
helped me out. Who just gave me money.
Because he knew that the channel would
not survive without that. He was in a
position in his life where financially
he could make that work. And he did.
And and I have told him without
hesitation that the channel would not
have survived, and he knew that.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; So, that's what he was able to do. Is
that something you can do? Is that
something your company, your business
that you own can do?
It will not affect the story outcome.
I will not uh accept any sponsorship
that would affect the coverage.
Uh but uh maybe maybe you just want to
help out. If that's something you want
to do,
you can do it. In Ethiopia, I've got
some
coverage lined up. I may be able to get
out to the dam to see the the Grand
Renaissance uh Dam that they built to
provide 5.3 gigawatts of power.
That's a big deal. It is nowhere close
to the capital. You have to fly out
and then drive. I mean, it's it's
involved.
Uh maybe that's a stretch goal that I
can accomplish. I'm trying to.
So,
let's talk about 2027. Where am I going?
Uh so, there I have a couple rules when
it comes to travel.
It has to be a place with an exciting
story to tell.
There used only be a few of these, now
there's a lot more.
And if they are not an English speaking
country, I need ground support.
Depending which one, I mean if it's
Nigeria, I still need ground support
because I don't I don't know anybody
there. I don't know where things are, I
don't know how things work.
But
I need ground support
and I need an exciting story to tell and
that's kind of it. People have
suggested, oh, do Denmark, do Sweden.
Well, there's a couple problems. One is
that they are eye-wateringly expensive
places. If I had free airfare, even if I
had a free hotel,
which would be a big ask in those
countries, just being there is
expensive.
But the other problem is they already
have great coverage. They already have
people on the ground doing this kind of
work. Maybe not to the depth that I
would go, but they are doing it a bit.
I'd love to go to those places. I don't
think even with support I could afford
to.
India is a place people have suggested.
I'd love to go to India. I would of
course need ground support and it's a
really far place to go. I would need air
support, not of course to call in
strikes, but to get there and back. Um
but it's possible I could do that. India
has a lot of story to tell with
electrification of four-wheelers, of
three-wheelers and now with two-wheelers
as well.
They've got a lot of electricity coming
online. Their grid is building out
quickly and it's a country that's
growing. They hope to be what China was
25 years ago. Maybe they are. I can't
tell you. I haven't been there.
So that's one I would strongly consider
for 2027. Colombia is another one.
I had a friend who invited me to
Colombia two, three years ago, maybe
three years ago,
and I said I can't go. I just can't go.
There's no story there. Well, now there
is. Now they've got Tesla locations,
three of them I believe. They've got a
number of Chinese manufacturers
importing vehicles into Colombia.
There's a story to tell.
What is it? I'd like to know. I don't
know yet. That's something that perhaps
can happen. So, there's a lot of places
I could go. I don't know where you want
me to go. Of course, I will be at Tesla
events domestically if there's a next
takeover in 2027, which I'm sure there
will be. I'll be there. If there is a
summer meet-up in Michigan, which I
believe there will be, I will be there.
Michigan's like my family at this point.
So many great people, so much support
from the community, and I just love
going.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; None of these people pay me. None of
them.
The events I speak at, I've never been
paid to speak. I have had a few clubs
that will cover my hotel sometimes,
but I don't get more and I don't ask for
more, and I wouldn't be comfortable
asking for more. If it's a big event
that pays all the speakers, I would
accept payment. But, I'm not going to go
out and be a prima donna and tell them I
have an appearance fee.
Cuz at the end of the day, I'm here for
the community. I'm here for the mission.
I'm here for the friendships that I
make. I'm here to have all these experts
on speed dial who I can ask the craziest
questions.
Anything I can dream up, it can answer
them in ways that Google, and Grok,
simply cannot.
So, that's what I'm doing.
Are you in Ethiopia? Are you in Nepal?
Can we meet? Do you want to come with me
on these trips? Would you like to go to
one of these places where I am and hang
out for a day? Join me on one of these
tours.
Uh see how the sausage is made. It's
mighty tasty sausage. It's not gourmet,
but it's very good.
So, that's where we're at. I want to
thank everybody for all the support so
far. You've made this an amazing journey
so far. My perpetual fear that I'm going
to run out of money by the end of the
year has been postponed once again, as
it always is, cuz something always
happens to change it.
So, thank you guys for that. I cannot
tell you how much it means to me to have
so many of you as as my friends, to have
so many viewers my
colleagues.
It means a lot. So, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below and everyone else
like, subscribe, do what you do. Tell a
friend about this video.
Get me in contact with those people and
stay tuned. Stay juicy and I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots on the
ground in a far away place.