Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Semi, Neuralink, FSD, & SO MUCH MORE to cover before the weekend - Live with Joe, John, and Matthew
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6hVxHnCG1k
Published:   2026-05-08 14:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-09 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone to episode 145 of the
Tesla beat. We have our usual suspects
here. Joe, no summon as most of us with
Cybertruck have a no summon.
Um,
&gt;&gt; disrespectful.
&gt;&gt; I know. MDR
&gt;&gt; vehicle for crying out loud.
&gt;&gt; Hey everybody, good to see you.
&gt;&gt; Uh, Brian, how's it going man?
&gt;&gt; Doing great. It's just good to see all
of you out there. I don't know if you
know, but we can see you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we can just just a just a little
bit. Uh, quick shout out to Insta3. They
make these amazing cameras, 360 cameras,
also just amazing portable ones. Like
Joe, you can see as he's displaying, he
can move around and the camera will
follow you. So, quick shout out to them.
But let's jump into it. And actually,
this one, uh, Matthew, I'm going to hand
to you. So, um, you know, the stock is
up 11% over the past week. Uh, what do
you say about this, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's it's a good week. You
know, it's, you know, obviously the
market's ripping, uh, today, which is
great. You know, people think the the
war is is going to come to a conclusion
soon. Um, I don't know if any of this
has to do with the the trial, which, you
know, we'll talk about later. But, um,
what's interesting is Elon's odds of
winning the trial on Poly Market have
also jumped. So maybe the the smart
money is betting on Elon winning as well
as betting on betting on the stock. So
good to see. I know uh a lot of people
on X who are who have sold covered calls
are not too happy about this. This is
why got to be very careful with covered
calls. You know, Tesla can jump 10% in a
week, no problem. And you know, we've
had 10% days, so got to be careful with
those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Yeah. No, I think well I I will
say I know we'll get into it but yeah
the Open AI trial I mean Monday and
Tuesday were were bangers. I mean talk
about you know making a diary. Uh note
to self don't ever do that. Um let alone
&gt;&gt; does anybody know an adult male who
keeps a diary?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; And then also too why are you writing
down shady stuff, right? Like
&gt;&gt; it's like the kids posting their their
crimes on TikTok, you know, when they're
&gt;&gt; I was totally thinking that,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's wild.
&gt;&gt; If anything, you think they would make a
a fake diary that exonerates themselves,
you know, fill it with just endless
alibis. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's it's
&gt;&gt; wildest thing, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's I I couldn't believe it to be
honest. like, you know, you just can't
make this stuff up because as you said,
at least if when you post it on TikTok,
you're posting it for everyone to know.
This one is a personal diary. He
probably never expected anyone to have
it
&gt;&gt; and they got it.
&gt;&gt; It was digital, so you can't delete it.
&gt;&gt; You can't throw it in the fire. So, I
mean, we're talking just genius level
stuff. Dear diary, today I did a crime.
Dumb. Just dumb.
&gt;&gt; Don't remember this.
Oh man. Okay. All right. Um Joe, I'm
gonna pass this one to you, man. Dan
Priestley, he spoke at the semi spoke
about the semi at the expo. It was
pretty cool for uh the legend to record
this for us because I didn't know it was
happening. So, that was actually pretty
awesome. It was about 40 43 minutes, I
think it was. was it was uh him on stage
at the uh ACT Expo in Las Vegas and
there was a lot of there was a few
people that were there I believe uh also
uh Bo Family EVs he was there and he was
showing some things too. So it was a it
was a pretty good event. I mean he he
didn't tell anything new but I think uh
the numbers and some uh some stats he
said were pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Did anyone else watch this or any
any big takeaways from this one? No,
&gt;&gt; it was it's actually really good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I watched it. I I just love how
um how upfront Dan is. You know, I met
him at the investor day a few years ago.
We spent like 30 minutes together. He he
would, you know, unless you were asking
any kind of, you know, secrets. He would
he would tell you anything you wanted to
know about the truck. He's so he's so
genuine. You know, it's the opposite the
opposite way like dealers sell sell
vehicles. you know, he he just wants to
build the best possible vehicle he can
and make the cost of ownership as low as
possible. So, yeah, I really admire they
didn't push this out too early. You
know, all of the EV semi-truckss that
have been pushed out are essentially
prototypes where this they're actually
going to be selling a real production
vehicle. So, super proud of the team and
Dan and looking forward to seeing these
on the road. And that is the critical
difference is all the other guys made
electrified versions of their existing
diesel trucks which is great. You save
billions on the factory but what you end
up with is a compromise. It's not going
to be as efficient. It's not going to be
as affordable. All the trucks that the
you know Cascadia and uh Kenworth are
making are 400 $500,000 trucks. This one
is 25% off at minimum. Realistically
even more. So, you've got a better truck
for a much better for a price that
actually works unsubsidized.
And uh and some of the things that uh
Dan has shared, Kyle Connor had a good
look at it with Dan. One of the big
changes they made was they found if you
get any damage to the front, you had to
replace the whole front. No, let's break
it into three parts. Now, it's only one
or two parts you're going to have to
replace instead of three, unless the
truck is really in a in a serious
accident. And that just improves total
cost of ownership. These guys and you
know we we all know because we've talked
to the engineers, they think of
everything and they're empowered to make
the kind of changes needed to actually
improve the product without having to
convince a committee above you over one
department and then back down. It just
it's just a fantastic and winning
approach.
Yeah, we'll see what happens, too,
because I think, you know, we'll have to
see how the um the semi-chargers are
going to be rolled out, where they're
going to be placed. I know I think it
was about what was a month or two ago,
they posted, you know, there's going to
be four different locations. Um, so
either way, it's going to be really
exciting to see how they roll out the
semi-charger
um, chargers across the nation and just
see how they can get these on the road
because I think with this, as you can
see, you know, um, a lot of these, at
least based on the production ones that
I've seen, they're not coming with like
sleepers or, you know, they're they're
really meant for, you know, a day or two
of travel like in one direction. Um,
which is exciting to see. You know, how
will people ch, you know, how will
companies when they buy these if they
want to push them even further, you
know, obviously they're going to have to
I know Tesla will uh put these along
like major routes. So, it'll be really
cool to see how people customize them.
Um, and as as Brian, as you were saying,
like you know, the total cost of
ownership cuz again, Joe and I were down
in Ontario. there was two to 300 semiis
idling and just burning what $7 fuel
like per minute
&gt;&gt; or per second whatever it was and um you
know they're just sitting there warming
up their truck and they're not doing
it's not moving
&gt;&gt; and um you just you it just everything
it's kind of like it's that frog that
you know goes into warm water and is
just sitting there and it gets cooked
right and dies. Um it's just this is the
probably the the primest,
you know, industry to literally overturn
and and the semi is going to do exactly
that once they ramp it.
&gt;&gt; Um so I'm I'm looking forward to seeing
the results of that.
&gt;&gt; The other thing I learned from the Kyle
Connor video is that yes, of course
Tesla's is a one-speed direct drive
transmission, but he said that some of
your competitors don't do one-speed. And
Dan was like, "Yeah, I I don't get it."
So, I looked it up and do you know which
of the other competitors have an actual
transmission? All of them. They have two
to four speeds. For what reason do you
not have full torque at zero RPM? Why on
earth do you need a transmission? And a
transmission weighs at the low end 5 600
lb all the way up to over 2,000 lb for a
serious road hauler if you're going to
be pulling oversized loads and whatnot.
This is That is Well, we found a big
chunk of your weight penalty right
there, guys. You got to get serious,
&gt;&gt; man.
&gt;&gt; Just just a just a little bit, you know.
Um All right. Well, with that said, uh
Semi is poised for disruption. Um NA
container freight uh line has just
ordered 20 of them. Uh with the first
truck slated to be operating next year,
we want to invest in advanced
technology. We're excited to grow our
business with awesome new zero emission
trucks. And the crazy thing is, and it
says like NA is based out of LA. What's
crazy is here, this again is what they
quoted a month ago, I I believe when
they did the Jay Leno um interview.
The cost per mile is 50% cheaper with a
semi in California. So this is just
going to be a huge win depending on how
much NA is you know moving um you know
across California and then also too when
you leave California it's about 20%
cheaper so um you know it's just the
stats are going to just line up and I
believe it was watt EV I think it was
like an order of like 345 or something I
don't I don't remember
&gt;&gt; 370
&gt;&gt; 370 so you're starting to see all of
these um you know all these companies
put in the orders it's also has been
testing for literally like the past
&gt;&gt; probably like what 5 to seven years and
especially in the past 3 to four they've
been doing a lot of transportation
between you know Nevada or Sparks to
Fremont and then also too PepsiCo doing
a lot of testing as well with their
semiis. So, um, either way, it's super
cool to see these, um, and see a lot of
orders come in and, you know, at this,
uh, event that they had in Vegas. Really
important to see that, you know, Tesla
was out there cuz you just don't see, I
mean, Tesla, uh, they're very specific
in the type of events that they're in.
And, uh, this was to meet with other
truck um, probably operators and and
business owners. Um, but you don't see
this. They don't just pop up to an event
and and show the semi because they're,
you know, very specific with how uh they
approach, you know, um events.
MDR um thought I would improvise here.
You want to take this one?
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I mean this is just a um a
little restructure that you know XAI was
a subsidiary um of of SpaceX. You know,
it was acquired by them. Now they're uh
essentially dissolving the the entity
and making it a division of of SpaceX. I
don't think it really changes anything
as far as the you know partnering with
Anthropic. You know the one of the
incredible things about Elon is he
doesn't want a monopoly that hurts
competition. He's happy to have a
monopoly but he doesn't use it to hurt
competition which is completely legal.
So he's happy to partner with Anthropic
Assistant just like he's happy to allow
all the manufacturers to use the North
American charging standard and just like
he opens up his patents and um just like
he's offered FSD to any large
manufacturer who wants to invest in it.
So, you know, um, a lot of big companies
like, you know, Microsoft or AT&amp;T,
right? We've seen those companies get
broken up, you know, in our lifetimes.
It's Elon's setting up a situation where
we're not going to be facing that in a
couple years. You know, Elon's likely
going to be a trillionaire by the end of
the year or next year. There's going to
be a lot of pressure to break up his
businesses. if he's being friendly with
competition and working with
competition, um there's no there's no
justification for for the long-term
breaking up his businesses.
&gt;&gt; And he la Yeah, he launches everyone
else's uh comp satellites. There was a
recent one Webb launch on Falcon Heavy.
He's been, you know, Amazon investors
sued Amazon saying, "Wait a minute. You
didn't consider the Falcon rocket to
deploy the Kyper constellation. What are
you doing? Okay. Okay, we'll consider
What do you mean consider? They're the
cheapest and they're actually launching.
Get him up there. And uh I've decided
that the new entity once they've dropped
XAI from the name is Space 10. I'm
pretty sure that's how you pronounce it.
&gt;&gt; Let's push it.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Yeah. And you know, of course,
people are not going to care about the
story of how these companies originated
to get to the point where now, sure,
they're leading. But I I you can
definitely tell that um you know with
what Tesla has how it's put Elon at odds
with himself because because of the way
that the company is set up being a major
stakeholder and you know the how control
has sometimes been um how control has
kind of you know gotten away from him
with just like the way the media is and
some of these um yeah just how how that
has been controlled. you know, he's
thinking about, okay, how do we make
sure that, especially if there is a big
merger between Tesla and SpaceX, it's
going to be even bigger. How do they
make sure that they aren't going to
eventually become like um, you know, um,
broken up like Microsoft and some of
these other companies have been? So, um,
you know, that's the last thing that he
would want to do. It's like, can you
imagine, right, like fate loves irony?
everything just comes together under,
you know, SpaceX or whatever company
they decide to call it and then it gets
dissolved into several entities. That's
the last thing he would want to do. And
so the way he's even set Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I would issue a caution to those
thinking that a breakup would hurt Elon.
That's not how it works. When AT&amp;T was
broken up, Ma Bell became all these baby
bells and many of those individual bells
became bigger than the original Ma Bell.
So, uh, it would not impact his net
worth negatively. It could even cause it
to double or triple.
Hey, if we're if you guys are if the
haters want to see the first 10
trillionaire, let's I mean, go for it.
Let's let's have your party. But,
&gt;&gt; I mean, that that's what happened with
Standard Oil, right? Standard Oil was
broken up and um, you know, the big
Standard Oil essentially became the
majority shareholder of each state's
version of Standard Oil. And um you know
the value the the enterprise value of
all of the state standard oils you know
doubled in I think I think as soon as as
soon as it got broken up it doubled and
then it kept doubling you know each year
for several years and essentially grew
the val the total value exponentially.
So yeah we could certainly see you know
a decade two decades from now um you
know humanoid robots being spun off robo
taxis being spun off and each one of
those companies will be more valuable.
You know, we've seen a lot of people
want Whimo to trade separately to
Google, right? If you're an investor in
Google, you want to split up Whimo
because it's going to create more value.
The sum of the parts are more valuable
separate than together.
&gt;&gt; That's one of the reasons I think there
could be hesitation to do a SpaceX Tesla
merger is if you're already the most
valuable company in the world, there's a
psychological block saying, well, can it
double triple from here? So, I I don't
know. You could make arguments for
breaking it up. You could make arguments
for consolidating it. I, you know, I
don't know. I'll leave it to people
smarter than me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it could all sandisk.
&gt;&gt; It could all sandisk. No, my thought was
I mean, at least based on what I'm
seeing um again where based on what I'm
seeing in and the signal that I'm
personally seeing, I feel like this is
just bound to happen for them to merge.
But I think you're also adding a great
you guys are adding great caveats. One,
of course it could not happen. And two,
even if it did, just because it if they
did come together for a tidbit, for them
to be broken up would not necessarily be
a bad thing at all. So it's it's a good
reminder.
All right, Joe. Solar is very expensive.
It's very cost competitive, as it turns
out. uh solar and wind with battery
storage become more cost competitive.
Ireina report shows and this is uh
pretty cool. Let's see. Sawyer Merritt
wrote that 54 to $82.
What is that? Millatt hour. What is it?
Miniwatt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Millowatt hour.
&gt;&gt; Millowatt hour today is a 100 equals
$100 in 2020. So the new coal in China
cost is 70 to 85 which clearly like it's
uh solar is with battery backup is the
way to go.
&gt;&gt; Mega it's megawatt hours
&gt;&gt; mega watt hours.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're dealing with a lot of lot of
power. So I figured it might be me. And
this is very odd to see nowadays a lot
of times when technology advances um you
would think I like you know it's just
especially with cost like when you go I
guess what I'm trying to say is the cost
of goods and going to the grocery store
has only gotten more expensive. So yes I
think that you know when you go and buy
that 4K TV you know five like what 10
years ago it was $3,000 and now it's
like you can buy one for like $500 $300.
Um, but it's great to see, you know,
Tesla make these moves and continue to
just make things more affordable, right?
I mean, you're talking almost half, uh,
it's almost half down, um, in six years,
uh, for megawws. What is that? 100 megg
100 megawatt hours back in 2020. Um, or
it was $100 back in 2020 and now it's
54. So, really cool to see. Um, and you
know, I think it's going to be even more
um more and more people are going to
continue to just be turning on solar. I
mean, um, there's so many areas that
that need it and should not be run
solely off of an energy company cuz we
know what happens when they control it,
right? You get a bunch of blackouts.
Shout out to PG&amp;.
All right. So, um, it looks like, uh,
the Y L is a safe car. Surprise,
surprise. Not not really. But, um, you
know, Tesla has always, you know, um,
always sets the bar super high. So, the
Tesla Model Y gets another fivestar. Um,
in Australia, there's the ANCAP is what
it's called. Uh, but it received a
five-star rating. And again, not a
surprise here, but great to see, you
know, them get these um these awards,
especially given um, you know, this is
not it's unbiased. It's just more of
like, you know, how does this stack up
against um, you know, all the the safety
parameters and um, especially in
Australia where it is. Uh, great to see
this. My question is, what what are you
guys thinking on the launch for the Y L
in the US and Canada? We saw it pop up
on some random website. Shout out to
Drive Canada who who saw that. But, you
know, is this um, because the the X is
gone. Like I I searched it the other
day. You can't find one within 200 miles
of the Bay Area. Um, and has a Matthew
has a good take on this.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, we know last year, you
know, Elon replied, I think it was to
Omar, you know, that the Model Y
wouldn't wouldn't hit production until
late late 2026. Um, we've we've
obviously we saw what looks like a Model
Y L undercover this week. You know, Joe
posted that picture. Uh, I had been told
that that Giga Austin is preparing for
two large SUV variants. So, I don't know
what they are. I'm assuming one is the
Model Y L which would likely be produced
in in Austin and probably Fremont as
well. And then I am also expecting a
right the Cyber SUV or an SUV built on
the Cybert truck platform. Whether it
has stainless steel body or not is
unknown, but certainly expecting uh a
vehicle built on that platform. You
know, Elon, you know, what was it six
weeks ago responded to somebody
complaining about there wasn't a an SUV
big enough for his family. And you know,
if you're if you want people to have
kids, you have to let them h have big
cars. So, you don't know. I mean, uh,
you know, the the M you don't really
need need to replace the Model X volume.
It was such a low volume vehicle to
begin with, but um, you know, I think
the Model Y L will sell massively more
than the Model X. And then the a Cyber
SUV, depending on pricing, like we've
seen, we've seen what happens with
price. A $60,000 truck is probably a
hundred times more popular than a
$80,000 truck. Uh I remember a stat a
couple years ago when cars average
$30,000. Um there's a stat that for
every $5,000 you reduce the price of a
vehicle, the the market size increases
10x. Uh I don't know what that stat is
today, but going from $80,000 to 60,000,
you're at least increasing the the TAM
by an order of magnitude, possibly two
orders of magnitude. So, uh, yeah, Model
Y L I would be surprised if we don't see
an an unveil or pre-production models
rolling around within the next, you
know, 60 days. And then I would imagine
deliveries will start somewhere around
October. Um, you know, maybe maybe the
Q3 earnings call, they'll announce it
right before then. Uh, we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Let me ask you guys a question real
quick. Have you ever in a in the history
of Tesla, have you ever seen a point in
history where they're releasing so many
things or even pre-production things?
You got the Y, you got the Roadster, you
got the Optimus 3, the Semis coming out,
and then these other, you know, I mean,
like maybe like a cyber SUV. Like this
is like a crazy time for the company.
&gt;&gt; And Mega Block, too. Uh, so the short
answer is obviously no. We've never seen
anything like this, but they've never
had this many divisions before. So the
more divisions you have, the more
autonomy they have within each division,
the better they can do. On the Y L when
he said end of 26 if ever, I said, "Not
if ever. They're going to sell it here.
I got so much hate from from the Elon
faithful saying, how dare you
secondguess the the smartest man in the
world." So I'm not secondguessing him.
He's not saying it's never coming.
That's the part you need to understand.
He's saying that that's not a lie for
him to release a car when he says if
ever. I said it will absolutely come to
the US. We've seen it undercover for
months. We've seen parts of it for
months. We've seen and we know that
Austin has surplus capacity. You don't
need to build another line for it. It is
made on the same line as the Model Y as
it is in China. That's the whole point.
So, they have the capacity. The market
is there for it. They're just going to
reveal it when it's ready to go. You
don't want to release to announce it six
months early, even three, even a month
or two early. You want to release it and
say, "Orders are open. Let's go."
Otherwise, you paint yourself into a
corner where people are waiting for a
product that isn't out instead of
buying. That's the Osborne effect. And
so, yeah, I think it'll be good. Same is
kind of true with the Cyber SUV if they
make one, and I hope they do. I haven't
seen any evidence pushing in that
direction, but that doesn't mean it's
not happening. It can be made on the
same line as the Cybertruck. We're not
talking about building a whole new line.
It would be significantly changed from
the Cybert truck, but the SNX were made
on the same line. It's not that crazy.
Uh, and I agree 100% with Matthew on
this that if you're
&gt;&gt; if you can get it to I mean 7078 at
launch, but then get it down to 60,
the volume would be tremendous. Maybe
swap out the stainless for composite
panels. That'll cut the cost, cut the
weight, get you into a virtue cycle
where you can get more range out of the
same uh out of an even slightly bigger
vehicle. don't know what the plan is,
but there are ways it can make sense
even though we haven't heard about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll I'll jump in here and say I
have never seen the Osborne effect
negatively impact Tesla. You know what
what happened when Tesla uh unveiled the
Model 3? Sales for the Model S
skyrocketed. You know, you had what was
it a quarter million people within a
week put down a deposit for Model 3. And
then we hear all these stories of people
buying a Model S or used Model S and
going from the most expensive car they
ever bought being a $25,000 Prius to
being a $70,000 Model S or a used
$45,000 Model S. Um what happened when
the Model Y was unveiled? Model 3 sales
skyrocketed. Uh, so sure you're going to
have a couple people holding off, but
the momentum and the publicity and the
enthusiasm for the next vehicle is going
to bump interest in the current lineup.
So I think it's really silly to say,
"Oh, all of a sudden now if you announce
the the Model Y L is coming out in
October, people will stop buying the
regular Model Y today." It's like, no,
the Model Y L is going to be a 55
$60,000 car. I can buy a $42,000
Model Y standard right now. Um, and
that's that's a good fit for me.
&gt;&gt; Well, you see it in all the countries
where the Y L is. It still is not uh
hindering the sales of the Y because I
mean those are just like the X and the
Y. It's it's a it's a bigger vehicle. I
don't think people really realize how
big the Y L is in comparison to the to
the Y.
&gt;&gt; I mean, none of this matters. No one's
buying Teslas anymore. You guys, haven't
you heard? By the way, for those who who
do not know, that is a joke. Model Y
bestselling EV in the world in March, uh
doing well in almost every market. Uh
so, uh while sales may be down from a
year ago, consumer confidence is also
down from a year ago. And a year ago,
actually, sales are up, but that's
because there was the retooling. I just
mean that this is a different economy
we're in today. the interest rates are
higher than they've been historically
over the last really 5 to 10 years and
it makes it a little difficult to move
units sometimes and other brands are
feeling the pain as well. BYD just had
their 10th straight month of decline.
That's not ideal for a big EV
manufacturer.
&gt;&gt; Wait, I thought they were the leader.
Now I'm shaking. Um yeah, Q1.
&gt;&gt; She is the leader. That's for sure. she
led the way. Um, no, but it's it's yeah,
no one is talking about the fact that,
you know, uh Tesla passed BYD this past
quarter, they'll tell you the moment
that BYD passes them again, if that does
happen, they're going to be, you know,
shouting it from Mount Everest uh and
letting you know. But um with the fact
you mentioned that, you know, Model Y is
doing well. Norway again continues to
set the standard at almost 98%
of the total market is BEVs. Um and of
course the top two um by a wide margin.
Um and you're talking what is that you
know 5,000 plus 5400 uh 2,000 for you
know the Model 3. So that's a combined
what you know 7,400. That's that's
probably all the other numbers com
potentially combined. Uh but with that
said, you know, um the Model Y and 3 are
the best selling vehicles in Norway and
um and they continue to to crush it in
that market. Um and I think it's it just
goes to show um you know how uh and
again you have like Xpang and some of
these other, you know, Chinese
automakers, Zeke, um these other
automakers there. And uh the Model Y
when you compare it to the previous
Model Y, it's just it's such a different
vehicle. And I think, you know, almost
it feels like 10 times better. I mean,
everything feels upgraded. And um I
remember Joe, you got
&gt;&gt; your wife got hers, June got hers, and
&gt;&gt; I remember getting in that and um and
just just you can feel like just
everything like from from the no the
road noise to shutting the door to the
suspension, everything felt different.
and um and so you know they really took
the bestselling car in the world and
made it a lot better with the next one.
So that's why I think they were able to
continue to just you know run away with
this. And again it's the bestselling car
in the world including gas and electric.
So this is not just um it's it's not
just uh uh you know EVs. So
all right Joe I'm going to pass this one
to you.
10 billion miles driven. So, here we
are. FSD miles driven is reaches the
milestone that everybody was looking at
for for unsupervised. We're here now. My
truck still can't summon itself. What's
happening? Who do we talk to? Who do I
complain to?
Someone get Elon on the phone. Anyway,
so uh here we are at 42
uh 4% of vehicles FSD based are now
running Tesla self-driving. And you see
it, you see it in in uh the amount of
people I had. There's two people I knew
that that uh purchased Model Y's this
week and they both got FSE.
They're no problem paying it. They they
tested it. They did a they did a test
with the full self driving and were like
blown away. And I think like we've
always said this, right? Butts and
seats, but once people try it, it's game
over.
&gt;&gt; Game over. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Since that screenshot, I'm looking at
Tesla's website. 10 bill133
million. It picks up that quickly.
&gt;&gt; Jeez.
&gt;&gt; So, they're at 10.1 already. Jeez.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's crazy.
&gt;&gt; That that other I think it was Omar's
FSD miles site is going to go bankrupt
now. That
I don't know if you guys saw they're
showing the live counter on the FSD page
on the Tesla website. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's cool. Yeah, they made they
made those adjustments.
All right, Matthew, this one's to you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Tesla has started selling the
the um Giga Giga Shanghai made model 3
in Canada. Um, it's the equivalent of
about $30,000 USD, which is essentially
the the cheapest it's been for sale
anywhere in the world. It's it's right
around the same price as it is in China.
Um, so this is significantly less. It's
like 30 40 35 or so percent less than
the average vehicle, new vehicle price
in Canada. Um, sales have already
started. I I'm friends with a couple
Tesla people online who uh live in in
Canada who have ordered the vehicle. Um,
two of them, the two guys who ordered
it, they told me they they were always
kind of waiting for an all-wheel drive,
you know, to purchase an all-wheel drive
version. Obviously, when the farther
north you go, the more you have to deal
with snow and ice, but when this one
came out, it's it's just an absolute
no-brainer. You know, this is this is
cheaper than virtually any decent used
Model 3 you can buy. So, um, I I really
hope Tesla push this hard. I hope they
they advertise it up there, but this
could easily make it the bestselling
vehicle in in Canada. You know, it
should outsell the Model Y and every
other vehicle at this price point
because it's just it's just so
compelling.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if it could reach number
one because there is a cap on how many
you can bring in. The it's about uh 30,
what is it? 35,000 is the maximum import
cost, import price, but this car is at
39,000 Canadian. And so I looked into it
and found that the 35,000 is for the
import price, not the retail price. It
doesn't matter what the retail price is.
It matters what the value is. The the
price is when it crosses the border. So
that means that uh of that 49,000 cap
for this year, and that cap does go up
each year through 2030, um they can
Chinese manufactured cars can total
49,000. Who else is even poised to
import any? So, it's going the lion
share of this is going to be Tesla and
half of them will be the base, you know,
the rear wheel drive Model 3 at uh
$29,000 US and the other half will be
the long range and uh and performance
models which are, you know, not
outrageous anymore. When they were
importing them from Fremont, you know,
last month, they were $70,000
uh because of the steep tariffs. they it
doesn't look like they'll be bringing in
Model Y's from China because they're
already bringing them in from Germany on
a preferred trade deal. And so that I
mean this just means in in Canada
Tesla's back. And in terms of waiting
for all-wheel drive, uh Mark from the
Tesla Life had a video that he made
seven years ago of him taking his
rearwheel drive Model 3 out to a parking
lot in the snow in Toronto and trying to
lose traction unsuccessfully.
The whole rearwheel drive, all-wheel
drive thing matters a whole lot more
when you're talking about a dyno burner
where uh traction control is using your
brakes to try and slow the engine
instead of uh just just just throttling
back on the electric whenever you slip.
It's a much more effective system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that plus the plus the tires, you
know, um the thing about Tesla's Tesla
sells a lot of performance cars in the
US. Most of these performance cars come
come standard with summer tires which
are uh you you cannot drive at
temperatures around freezing. Um I
remember this was probably what eight
years ago now. Uh the guy from What's
Inside made a video about how dangerous
the his I think he had like a Model S
P85.
Um and how dangerous it was in the snow
because he was sliding all over the
place. And of course he was running
summer tires and they were bald. Um, and
he used it as an excuse to buy a Model X
and he got he got uh ridiculed in the
comments, but he he learned that lesson.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, always
clickbait.
&gt;&gt; You have to, man.
All right. Teslers are loyal. Matthew,
how's get take away?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so more than any other brand,
Tesla owners return to buy another
vehicle. I think all of us who know
people who have bought one uh have
experienced this. It's really hard to
switch. It's kind of like when you own
an iPhone and you get used to the user
experience, even if another really
compelling uh phone comes out, it's it's
tough to to switch away from from the,
you know, iOS, right? Even if the
hardware might be a little bit better
suited for you in another phone. We're
seeing the same thing with Tesla. You
know, it's it's all these little
conveniences. It's the easiest car to
maintain. It's the easiest car to
charge. It's the safest car. Um, you
know, I wouldn't I wouldn't buy any
other vehicle for my family. I I don't
even rent non-Teslas when I'm when I'm
traveling. I just don't don't trust any
other vehicle as much. Um, so it's it's,
you know, we we saw a lot of Tesla
owners, you know, maybe get a little
frustrated with uh Elon's political
shift over the past couple years, but
they're still buying Teslas. You know,
it's really hard to to justify buying
anything else. I think this will be even
more prevalent with robo taxis. You
know, once once you order a robo taxi
and it arrives faster than an Uber, it's
cheaper than an Uber. You don't have to
tip it. The experience is always the
same. You know, you're not going to
sometimes get an amazing driver and
sometimes get a below average driver or
a great car or a poorly maintained or,
you know, poorly smelling vehicle. Um,
you know, we're going to see the, you
know, we're going to see once somebody
uses robo taxi, they're they're never
going to go back to traditional ride
share. Um, and it will have the same
will have much greater loyalty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I just wanted to make a comment
about, you know, how if you look at the
other two top brands, it's Subaru and
Toyota. And it's, you know, when you
think of Subaru, right, um, they're
they're not selling as many as,
um, Toyota and even um, Honda. They're
not even like well I don't want to say
not even close cuz I I don't have the
stats but they're not selling the type
of volume and they have kind of like
they have an amazing adventure
community. People live and die by it. Uh
they've created kind of like a cult
following in a lot of ways. Um but it's
because of yeah just the experience you
get with driving a Subaru and some of
the capabilities. And then next one is
uh Toyota which um you know is they
really have made a great lowcost per
mile vehicle as far as like maintenance
and and the miles per gallon is awesome
like um and it's just it you know what
you're getting with it, right? It's just
there's no unexpected costs that come up
randomly. It's just it's been tried to
it's it's just followed a consistent
path. And so for Tesla to be able to
beat both of those who've been leading
um in loyalty for a long time, who've
set up amazing brands is just a huge
feat. But I think more so than people,
let's say following the brand, um you
know, because of as Matthew you were
saying, you know, maybe because of the
some of the stuff last year, people are
buying Teslas again just because the
Tesla is that, you know, far exceeds any
other product in the market. uh just
based on whether it's the safety
ratings, cost of maintenance, really the
full self-driving technology, the
software updates, and again, the list
could go on. Um but you know even
through all the stuff that has happened
just to see this come out really kind of
I think speaks to you know and this is
2026 which you've seen these stats maybe
in August of last year maybe not but you
know at the end of the day it's the the
product is going to sell and um that's
ultimately what matters. a lot of this
stuff, maybe there's going to be
headwinds here and there as far as like,
you know, every month or sorry, uh, when
some of this stuff comes, but, you know,
people ultimately will, you know, um,
they're going to buy the best product,
you know. And the last thing I wanted to
say too is on full self-driving is, you
know, the take rate may not always be
as, you know, high as people want, but I
know a decent amount of people who don't
want to pay the monthly rate, but they
know what to buy when they're going to
go on a road trip for the month. And
they'll they'll they'll go and buy that
subscription just cuz they don't want to
they know what it's good for. They know
that it's there. And in their minds,
they can turn that on literally with,
you know, double tap your your iPhone,
Apple Pay it, and then next thing you
know, you know, within minutes, you'll
you'll get it and it'll be able to drive
you from coast to coast. And um and what
other car can do that with $100 a month?
So, uh I think it's uh I thought those
were some cool uh just notes there.
&gt;&gt; So, you're saying it's too cheap. $100 a
month is too cheap.
I'm not going to say that because I
don't want it to go up.
&gt;&gt; And I think going up would be it would
limit adoption. I want more safe people
on the road. I get that it's worth 200,
500, whatever it is. But the reality is
it's worthless if people can't afford
it. And we share the roads with those
people. I, you know, we're all those
people. We're all on the roads, same
roads. And the big thing with version,
even 13, but definitely 14, is it's so
good that once you have a chance to
experience it, you don't go back. And I
have two different people who've agreed
to come on a ride with me finally
because I I've managed to convince them
it just will get in anywhere. We'll put
any destination and then we'll just go
and that's it. and you'll and seeing is
believing and making a product that's so
good that you can't get rid of it is you
know the best way to do it. Let me ask
you guys a question. Five years from now
you have robo taxis everywhere. FSD
should be free because it's safety
related. I mean seat belts used to cost
and now they're free. So what do you
think? at least the like the emergency
braking, you know, the you know, regular
autopilot will drive through a red light
and we'll drive through a stop sign. I
mean, that that it should force you to
stop and then you have to re-engage.
Um, you know, I can I can see that
happening, but it it's kind of like an
an ethical thing now.
FSD is so safe. The fact that Tesla is
not really promoting FSD at all, making
no effort to get it into the mainstream,
doing essentially zero advertising,
doing um no paid product placement, uh
you know, on on TV, you know, it starts
to become an ethical decision, right? We
we want to save as many lives as
possible. How how are we going to
accomplish that? I'd like maybe make
supervised free and unsupervised premium
or at least make supervised cheaper or
let's you know and really I want these
to follow the vehicle. All my other
subscriptions follow the vehicle. I
don't own the FSD. I subscribe to it. If
I'm going to go get a Turo, it's not
going to have FSD. That's frustrating.
Um I'd like to bring my FSD with me on
vacation. So, I don't know. I I really I
agree that there's an ethics concern
with payw walling safety. And I'm not
saying necessarily make it free. I'm
saying, you know, split out unsupervised
because unsupervised is a chauffeur.
Chauffeur
&gt;&gt; don't, you know, I don't expect a
chauffeur to be free, but I do expect it
to be affordable, uh, to, you know, have
some level of safety.
&gt;&gt; It was funny. I rent um you know I spent
January in Hawaii most years and I
rented a a Model Y from Turo and the
owner sent me a message as soon as I
rented it like hey if you Venmo me a
hundred bucks um you know I'll we'll
subscribe to FSD for you for your trip
and it was like he tried to sell me FSD
more than Tesla has it you know I bought
it immediately like of course I'm in a
I'm in a an area that I'm not as
familiar with have kids in the car uh
there's going to be you know traffic I'm
not not as uh not as familiar with. So
why not? So
&gt;&gt; and how many days was that?
&gt;&gt; Uh that was like 40 days I was there. So
why not? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It and and it it
all reminds me of the of the movie I
Robot, right? Where he's driving and
she's like you're driving yourself? Like
what? Like it's so illegal for humans to
drive. And I think we are kind of
reaching that threshold. I was on a a
spaces the other day in in the in the
Cybert truck and I'm on FSE and I'm just
looking around at all the people just
literally driving themselves. A woman
almost swerved into my lane and I'm just
like, "Yeah, this is this is bad."
&gt;&gt; Did she not possess 360 degree eyeballs?
&gt;&gt; She did not. And see, and that's the
problem.
&gt;&gt; Weird. Well, she's no angel. At least
not a biblically accurate one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it it's definitely becoming one
of those things where I mean you see it
at least and it's partially you know um
the algorithm in that like you know a
lot of this the social media that I do
consume is people flexing being able to
be in a self-driving Tesla and in with a
generation that's up and coming as far
as they don't want to drive. Um if their
parents have you know a Tesla who knows
they're going to be getting in. I will
say that there will be a time, you know,
when um you know, you know, Tesla,
they're they're starting to do rentals
here and there, right? I haven't heard
too much about, you know, more cities
opening, but I know that they're
definitely um doing it currently, but
just imagine you're able to also uh just
do trips, right? Like, let me go to a
Tesla service center. I need to go and
drive to, you know, pick up my grandma
from the airport. let me just go and uh
pay for both rides back up and down. And
so um yeah, it's just I I could see it
not only becoming, you know, the day use
that you see, but obviously the
subscription is for FSDs monthly, but
also at some point, you know, this could
come down to, you know, Tesla's just
going to have cars that you can come and
and pay for, you know, specific rides.
Well, if if it followed the person, you
get looking at a situation like Matthew
where you rent a car, if you were to log
in with your information, you'd already
have FSD. And if it stayed with the
person, that' just be so much easier.
&gt;&gt; I rented a Model 3 that didn't have
anything. And I'm just like, geez
Louise.
&gt;&gt; And that that's kind of what Dan was
saying with the with the semi. You know,
a lot of these semi be owned by fleets.
They might have a hundred vehicles.
You're a driver. You get in one, the
seat adjust, the mirrors adjust, your
autopilot settings, and Spotify
playlist. everything is in that vehicle
and you move to the next vehicle and it
feels just like yours. You know,
personally, um, in my family, we have,
uh, three Model Y's, Model 3, and a
Model S. And like I'll get in my dad's
Model Y and the seat adjusts to my Model
Y settings.
&gt;&gt; Um, and you know, it should be the same
with with FSD.
&gt;&gt; I love autopilot over FSD because you
miss exits. Oh, right. I'm still in
control. Got it. Got it.
All right. So, this is uh Elon confirmed
that they are looking at multiple
locations. This broke as far as like you
know um well it seems like you know
there was there was reports that it was
happening. Elon said that this is like
one of multiple spots at least from what
I remember. Um, and so, um, but yeah, I
think from what I hear, I believe this
is in what, like Grimes, Texas. Either
way, I heard it's like the triangle
between like Dallas, Houston, and, um,
and and this city. I think it's like the
the triangle from what I I saw. But, um,
yeah, I mean, not not surprised. Texas
has got a lot of open land and so seeing
them, you know, potentially spend up to
$55 billion
uh to start construction is exciting.
Um, and you know, we'll see. But yeah,
Texas is winning out big with a lot of
these. I mean, the amount of factories
that Elon has built since he's moved
there, it's been like what, five or six
now? It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know what? It's not just the
factories. real quick. Uh Brian, it's
the people, you know what I mean? Like
these are people's jobs. These are
people being able to pay their bills,
people being able to have better lives
thanks to Tesla.
&gt;&gt; So, I mean,
&gt;&gt; these aren't Yeah. And these aren't just
jobs. These are good jobs. These are the
jobs you want. These are the jobs that
will get you that will open doors for
you forever. The location in Grimes is
uh right in the backyard of Texas A&amp;M.
There are people, you know, companies
will open uh studios or, you know,
research facilities all over the world
because there are people who for
whatever reason can't or won't move. Uh
we have a lot of untapped uh uh
engineering talent in Texas that isn't
interested in leaving Texas. Great.
Well, good news. You can still enjoy it.
And because Texas has so many different
climates, if you want dry and hot, if
you want more temperate like Austin,
there's a lot of opportunities just in
Texas for people to move, uh, with
plenty of arts and culture and, you
know, live music and great food and
whatever it is that you like. Uh, you
can find a lot of it in Texas.
&gt;&gt; Just a little bit. Yeah, it's
with that said, two new colors dropped
last night. Uh, that's one of the funny
things I, you know, when we set up this
podcast, I get I guess 154 episodes. Oh,
sorry, 145 episodes ago. Uh, we never
knew that, you know, Friday would be the
the day where, you know, Thursday
they're just they're they're throwing
everything up, new trims, you know, uh,
new leasing prices. But with this, um,
the Model 3 and Y are getting new
colors. And I only saw the frost blue
available on the performance for the
three this morning when I was looking.
But either way, there's a frost blue and
a marine blue that are released on the
three and the Y. Again, you it might be
specific to the trim. Um I you know, but
with that said, uh cool to see this this
happening. This again, I believe is only
available in the US right now. Um so
nice to see the US kind of getting some
love. I think the past new several new
colors have started in Berlin and even
in Shanghai. Um, so it's it's cool to
kind of see that thing uh, you know,
just come full circle.
All right, Joe, say goodbye. It's hard
to say goodbye. It's so hard. So, uh,
yeah, a Model X, Model S are going.
Bye-bye. And the employees are here
signing one of the last of the
Moheakans. This is a Model X here, but
the Model S is uh I have it on good
authority is being signed today. The
last one off the line. So, that's that's
happening. But, it's uh they're having
an event. So, it's pretty good that
they're doing a proper sendoff. I know
Brian was talking about how this seems
about right because of what's missing in
the world.
It's a historic vehicle. It's the one
that really kicked off EV mass
production. Leaf, sure, you know, is uh
was uh an early big mover, but they kind
of just gave up. It didn't really change
anything.
The Leaf has gotten much better than the
early Leaf, if you can buy one, but the
there are a lot of cars on the market
that can't keep up with an antique Model
S even today. So, that's crazy. All
those people saying you're just going to
flip a switch. I do love that whoever
gets the signed car is going to say,
"Where's the signatures?" They're there.
They're there. Trust me, they're there.
Until one, you know, smartass decides
he's going to use an oil pen instead of
a regular pen, and the paint just won't
stick. That'd be the reason they would
never let me sign such a vehicle. But uh
yeah, I feel like a proper sendoff is
what you need for such a iconic industry
changing vehicle.
&gt;&gt; 100%.
All right, Joe, what's the upbeat?
&gt;&gt; The upbeat is our uh fastm moving news
segment. We got eight minutes. We got to
get into it.
&gt;&gt; More like five. No, I'm shooking. All
right, Joe. This I'm just going to throw
this one to you. New neurolink
neurological robot.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I thought that was gonna be a tongue
twister. Well done. Well done, John.
&gt;&gt; I know, especially for me.
&gt;&gt; Shout out to the
&gt;&gt; Neuralink has a new surgical robot
capable of reaching any re brain region.
And that's that's saying a lot, man.
Like there that's pretty pretty awesome.
A generalized neural interface to help
solve any condition that originates in
the brain. people. I don't think people
really understand what Neurolink is
doing and how this is going to change
the world as with all of Elon's
companies, but this is like truly
something.
&gt;&gt; Truly.
All right, Brian. EV lounges.
&gt;&gt; You know, there's uh a lot of
competition coming in the charging
space. We're seeing other companies put
up charging locations that are like gas
stations, like convenience stores that
have a lot going on. Why not have
something like this where you can u
actually enjoy it, where you can
actually uh take a moment and have some
uh exciting leisure. Uh so that's what
they're trying to do is um this 28
charger station uh is is trying to go in
that direction. They can't do it
everywhere. They don't own the parking
lots in most of the places they're
located. It's the same as people say,
"Well, why don't they just pull all
those out and put in V4s?" There's
probably not enough juice and they can't
get it to the site. Let's do what we can
and this is something they can do.
&gt;&gt; All right, Matthew. Tesla's the safest.
Full stop.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I don't know uh if
everyone's watched this video. It's it's
incredible. Um, you know, there's a
collision here and you can see the video
on the Tesla Model Y dash cam, but you
can also see it on the body cam uh
warned by by one of the police officers
who was um at the site and he explained
you you know that Teslas are incredibly
safe. Uh I I wish Tesla would just make
you know little five 10 minute
documentaries about incidents like this.
You know, it's it's unbelievable how
safe these vehicles are. you know, even
when other people are doing extremely
dangerous things that that could kill
you, that most people walk away from
from Tesla incidents with
non-life-threatening injuries or
injuries that they can recover from very
quickly. Um, and yeah, we just need to
spread the word on the safety.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Even even that horrible Nurburgring
crash where the car burst into flames, I
had people saying it shouldn't, right? I
agree. But if you've ever seen a
collision at those speeds, bursting into
flames is something gas cars do as well.
The difference is in the Tesla, they got
out of the vehicle themselves. They
walked out of it and with minor
injuries. So, uh, testament to safety.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like that one dad uh, who
came I think he literally drove his
family and again, this is allegedly I
don't I don't remember where it um,
&gt;&gt; in California. California.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's out by us, but
I'm saying he came from Southern
California from what I remember and
literally drove off a cliff with which
is infamous and I think a lot of
unfortunately people have done it there.
Um, but I remember the fire chiefs um or
fire uh firefighters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who was like, "Yeah, if this
wasn't a Tesla, they wouldn't have
probably gotten out of it." I don't know
if that's verbatim, but it's just like
this is wild that someone could
literally go off a cliff and them still
all be alive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was over 100 foot drop and they
all walked away with minor injuries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Frown commented on that. He I
think the quote was something like, you
know, even if
even if you're trying to do something
pretty horrific, the the Tesla will will
stop you from doing that. Um,
unbelievable story. And you know, I just
I I feel so much for that man's wife.
You know, she she goes through an
experience where she knew he was trying
to kill him, you know, cuz there was
cars that he passed along the way that,
you know, I think it's like a 35 mph
road or something like that and he's
going 120. And so she can't stop him and
she wakes up and this guy who's
essentially a attempted murderer sitting
beside her and she's there with her kids
in the back and can't move. It's I mean
just feel for her just totally horrific
experience.
&gt;&gt; And then you have to talk to her for the
next two hours while awaiting
extrication by EMS.
&gt;&gt; That's awkward.
&gt;&gt; Horrible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And who knows how she found out um
about um you know the situation whether
it was like clear as he was going off or
if it was like you know based on some of
the stuff that the cops had unveiled to
reveal that. I mean who knows? But I
mean who knows where they are even are
now at this point. That's just wild to
do.
But with that said, uh I just want to
give a quick shout out. We have a quick
slide we'll close with, but just want to
thank um our amazing hosts um Brian and
Matthew DR for being here every week for
Joe uh being here as well and also
creating the deck that kind of helps
guide us. Uh please give them all a
follow, support them, uh patronize them
if you can. um because you know they
take a time out of their week to be
here. Um and with that said, I just want
to remind everyone um Tesla takeover is
happening in Europe literally uh June
5th and 6th. If you're in Austria or
Flakow uh Flock Out Austria if you're in
Europe at all, come visit. Um you know,
amazing speakers. Uh Brian was there
last year. I know there's some other
amazing speakers from the US. um along
with some European influencers will be
there as well. Um the raceh horses or
Tesla owners of Austria put on an
amazing show. So make sure you can come
there. But um Brian, you want to do a
quick plug for Muskegan?
&gt;&gt; Sure. Same weekend. Unfortunately, you
can't do both unless you borrow Jared
Isixman's jet to do it. With the time
difference, you might just make it.
Moskegan, Michigan. Uh June 5th and 6th,
we've got the summer meetup. Going to be
a lot of fun. We'll have, you know, Dr.
know it all bearded Tesla guy Josh West
24/7 too many more to name uh speakers
all day and uh enough sun to burn me uh
even if it's cloudy so that much I can
guarantee you it'll be a whole lot of
fun
&gt;&gt; a whole lot of fun so with that just a
quick couple of shoutouts um
feel free to subscribe to us on X or
really any of the the um you know
whether it's uh Matthew Dr or Brian as
well support all of us. Um, and you
know, quick shout out to Nori, a family
AI planning app that we have just
partnered with along with OITE. They're
um their flashlights are amazing. They
just released the Onyx Black Art Pro
Ultra. And then, of course, if you want
to rep like Joe does every week, uh,
feel free to head to the website to grab
some swag. But with that said, we will
catch you guys all on the next one. And
thank you again for spending your Friday
morning with us.