Channel:     electrified
Title:       A Critical Development for Tesla & SpaceXAI ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAbjwBqr8FI
Published:   2026-08-12 22:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-13 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patrons, William B, Jim F, Alfred
C, and Teen224.
Thank you all for choosing to support
the channel. To start, I just want to
make it abundantly clear that
anecdotally, the reason Roboaxi isn't
scaling is because the service is not
ready to scale. So, no, it's not the
regulations are holding it back, and no,
it's not Elon slowing things down
purposefully trying to manipulate the
stock for this potential merger or
acquisition. And I will touch on that a
bit more later, but the main reason it's
not scaling is because of the evidence
we're seeing in the real world. Abby
Manu shared in Austin, where Tesla's
been operating now over a year, his wait
times have been 15 to 25 minutes, but
he's still getting rides that take 55
minutes to show up. And yes, the
cumulative number of vehicles badged in
the fleet has gone up. We'll call it
around 90. But that does not tell us how
many vehicles are operating at any given
time. And he said despite the increase
in fleet size, there's still a lot of
work that needs to be done. This from
somebody that's taking rides nearly
every day. And to make the point, robo
taxis getting stuck in loops is not a
one-off, Texas Tesla just shared a video
of his robo taxi looping six times and
adding an extra 20 minutes to the drive
because it could not pull over. So
thinking about that from a general
public standpoint, you get to your
destination, you can see it out the
window, but then you sit in the car for
another 20 plus minutes before you can
actually get out. Ethan McConnell, who
is pro Tesla. He just finished an
internship at Tesla, said he took an
unsupervised robo taxi ride and his car
got stuck in an infinite loop at pickup.
He waited 20 minutes watching the
vehicle circle around the block. He
said, "I think this might be the new
worst pickup in an AV for me. Certainly
not a great customer experience." In
short, he said his takeaway is robo taxi
has the highest highs and the lowest of
lows for AVs, but the floor has risen
because at least the service is actually
usable at this point, meaning we're
moving slowly beyond that real beta
phase. In the comments, Spencer and
David had a similar experience. And Aron
shared a video of his robo taxi getting
stuck in a loop while parking and
ultimately having to call support.
Here's another video from Aron. This
robo taxi took almost a 40point U-turn.
Now, he said eventually it figured it
out without having to call support, but
just not ideal. And watching the video
back, you have to wonder what's going
on. Like, why doesn't it just back into
that driveway and proceed with a normal
KN? And from Abby Manu in that anecdote
where it took them 51 minutes to
actually pick him up from the time he
booked the ride, he said he could no
longer edit the pickup or drop off after
the booking. Here's one from Ethan
today. It took a robo taxi back to the
looping spot. It passed the pin and
spent a couple minutes cycling between
drive and reverse. I've had this happen
at pickup and drop off a few times now.
The car gave up and is looping the block
now. And Ethan said pickup and drop offs
have significantly regressed from my
experience 3 months ago. Hopefully, the
team will make this a priority because
it's been a consistent problem in my
rides over the last few days. And there
are other anecdotes out there I could
share, but at this point, you get the
point. This is not a service that is
ready to be scaled. And I'm not just
belaboring old points here, but it seems
like as of today, over the past few
weeks, things are moving in a negative
direction. And yes, I know this is
anecdotal, but it's really all we have
to go off of, unless you're somebody
living in these cities taking rides on
your own. So contrary to what some
people out there are saying, even if
CyberC were to be fully validated
tomorrow, that does not mean that
Tesla's going to start flooding these
markets with hundreds of Cyber Cabs.
Until we see more reliable pickup and
drop off performance alone, we are not
likely to see real scale. And look, you
can call me negative, you can call me
bearish, whatever helps you sleep at
night, but ultimately I'm just trying to
make sense of what we're seeing Tesla go
through right now. So, I do think we'll
get another new city to launch either
this month or next. Perhaps it is San
Antonio. But per the usual, just expect
that city to be a handful of vehicles
for the first few weeks and maybe even
months. If you haven't seen this,
Microsoft reported that a Russian linked
organization has been compromising
captive portal Wi-Fi at hotels,
conference centers, and other shared
travel networks. And then they've been
quietly redirecting people to steal
login and the cookies for those
sessions. So, at this point, you don't
even need to receive a fishing email to
be compromised. It's now the network
itself that becomes the attack. Which is
why anytime I'm on airport or hotel
Wi-Fi, I make sure I'm using Surf Shark,
the sponsor of this video. And doing so
ensures that my connection is encrypted
before it actually hits that local
network. And then day-to-day, I make
sure to use Surf Shark's clean web
tools, specifically the ad blocker and
the cookie pop-up blocker. So while I'm
researching, I'm not bombarded with ads
in these tracker banners on every page.
And then for any new random site
signups, I'll use Surf Shark's
alternative ID instead of my real email,
which only takes a matter of seconds,
and it cuts down the spam and keeps my
actual inbox off of all of those lists.
And Surf Shark does enable unlimited
devices on one account. So, it's on the
laptops and iPads and phones for my
entire family. So, if you'd like to
support the work I do here, you can
start your 7-day free trial and unlock
four extra months of Surf SharkVPN by
heading to surf shark.com/electrified
or by using code electrified at
checkout. On the customer FSD front, AI
driver shared this clip from his
mother's Tesla and in a parking lot, it
backed directly into the shopping cart
stall. And really, it's behavior like
this that is totally baffling. I mean,
plain as day in the cameras to see these
rails and it backs right into it. And I
share these unfortunate clips just as a
reminder for everybody to stay vigilant
because as FSD gets better and better,
it becomes easier and easier to relax.
And sometimes these things can happen.
And of course, there are plenty of very
impressive highlights out there, like
this one. I've always been interested in
how will it react if there's a threat
coming from behind. So, you have this
white BMW and the Tesla vehicle in
question is this one on the right. So,
the BMW bounces off the truck and you
can see, it's tough to tell from this
angle, but the Tesla already starts
moving to the left. And here it is from
the back. The BMW will be coming up on
the right. Tesla's moving over to get
out of the way. Had it not, it likely
would have been hit. So, yes, plenty of
incredible performance highlights out
there, but at this point, I think it
makes sense for us to focus on the March
of the Nines, the things that need work.
At this point, I was going to run a
little segment on the merger discussion
right now, but I realized I think most
people have some level of merger
fatigue, and sadly, I do too to some
degree. So, I'm going to hold off mostly
until we get a tangible offer that we
can actually analyze. But the only thing
I did want to say is while I have no
idea what Elon is actually doing, I
cannot claim to know his intent. I will
say the optics of his commentary and
what he's doing seem to be trying to
pave the way for a SpaceX acquisition of
Tesla. Even something like the recent
SpaceX all hands meeting that they just
made public, which by the way Tesla has
only done that one time in its entire
public history. And watching the event,
it just seemed odd. I mean, we really
didn't learn anything new. And I don't
want to read too far into it. Maybe he
really is just trying to get SpaceX
employees to understand that over the
next 5 years, 99% of the value of SpaceX
will be driven by AI, which I can
guarantee you is still not well
understood, perhaps even by some SpaceX
employees at this point. But rather than
waste your time with hypotheticals, I
just wanted to make it clear. If you are
frustrated with this whole situation, I
completely understand and I do think it
is justified. The unfortunate reality is
there's not a whole lot Elon can do. I'm
sure if this is going to happen, he's
pushing it forward as quickly as
possible. But this is going to be a
historic merger that's going to take a
long time for the lawyers and the boards
to get it right. But until the market
and investors get some clarity on this,
we might be stuck in this uncomfortable
gray area for the foreseeable future.
and all of that to make this one point.
In the event of a merger or acquisition
where there's a change in control as is
laid out for Elon's new compensation
plan, if that change in control is met,
that means the operational milestones
like FSD, robo taxis, bots, vehicle
deliveries, and adjusted IBIDA, all of
those goals would be thrown out the
window. Earning these tanches would then
be measured against the 12 market cap
ladders. And I'm seeing some folks out
there saying that this would mean
SpaceX's value could contribute toward
Elon earning tanches under Tesla's
performance award, but that is not the
case. The tranches would be earned or
not based only on the implied valuation
that Tesla would receive in the event of
that transaction. But perhaps even more
importantly, in the event of this merger
or acquisition, the boards are likely to
renegotiate these performance awards
altogether. likely not starting from
scratch, but I would expect some level
of reconfiguration. And lastly, SpaceX
is not going to make a bid for Tesla
that would imply a 67 8 trillion
valuation that would just automatically
earn all of those shares for Elon. I
think some people out there are trying
to make it seem like Elon's been gaming
the system the whole time and this has
been the plan all along. But for now,
just know that is absolutely not the
case. Elon is not about to fleece Tesla
investors here. And even though the
operational milestones would fall off,
that does not mean the market cap
tranches will be automatically earned.
So again, we'll talk about this a lot
more in the future when we have more
detail, but no need to fret about it
right now. If you've been following
along, you know that I have said in the
near term, digital Optimus is a faster
path to revenue and a valuation altering
service than physical optimus is, which
is exactly why Grockb bot is so
critical. Farzod mistakenly claimed that
Grockbot is digital Optimus to which
Elon said, "Digital Optimus is
different. It's realtime video human
emulation." First of all, this is
Grockbot. I have been playing with it
for the past 24 hours. I did end up
paying for the $200 a month Cursor Ultra
so that I could try it and test it out
because I do believe this is a precursor
or a taste of what Digital Optimus will
be. But it's clear to me many don't
understand what's happening here with
Grockbot. So, just a few high-level
differences of why it is somewhat novel
relative to what else is out there. Each
of these bots has its own dedicated
persistent virtual machine, meaning you
can set your task and then ultimately
shut down the computer, close your
laptop, and they will continue working.
These bots can also sign into websites
that have no API and no MCP connector.
So they can use their dedicated
computers in the cloud just like a human
would, which is why it's understandable
to think this is digital optimist.
Further, these bots can talk to and work
with one another. So if you type at, you
can see you can effectively tag all of
your different bots or any of a number
of different plugins. So I could have my
personal assistant and my code and
deploy bot talking to one another
working together. And for the average
normie, if you will, this has been the
easiest agentic setup I have ever
tested. And some of you know I try
almost every product and service out
there. So from downloading the platform
to connecting to Gmail, Google calendar
and so on, it took me about 10 minutes.
Another overlooked feature is you can
actually teach this routine. So you
would go to the virtual machine and see
the computer web layout as you would in
your own computer. You then hit record
and then click and type around as you
would. I logged into sleeper for the
fantasy football league that I run and
went to the scores and leaderboard page.
So that activity is now saved and taught
to these bots. And so now every Sunday
when the season starts, I'll have that
routine and it'll drop an update of the
scoring and the standings right here
running automatically. Of course, I
haven't had time to push the limits of
what I can do here. But once you log in
to really any website, any platform and
click around any task you want to
automate, this in theory will learn how
to do it and then it can save it as a
routine to run as frequently as you
would like. Now, as with all Agentic AI,
there are risks. This is in a beta
phase, so don't take this as I'm
encouraging all of you to go spend $200
and start playing around. But I will say
so far it's been a great seamless
experience for me and an awesome feature
for me. From my phone with the Grockbot
app, I can now retrieve files from my
Mac Studio desktop. So from my phone, I
had it find a video file on my desktop.
It then compressed that file and dropped
it right into my cell phone that I could
save into my files. And from a user
interface standpoint, this is the type
of thing I would feel comfortable
introducing to my wife who's not a
techforward person. So mark my words
right here. This is the beginning of
something truly incredible. And to
compare this beta to co-work or codeex,
I think is a bit silly. Let's give it
some time to settle in and mature and
ship some more features. But I'm sharing
all of this to set up the explanation
for how Digital Optimus will be
different. and that is how it sees and
reacts and what hardware it's running
on. So right now something like Grockbot
sees a screenshot. It then thinks and
clicks, sees a new screenshot, thinks
and clicks. Digital Optimus, on the
other hand, is going to see a realtime
video of the past 5 seconds of a
computer screen and interact exactly
like a human would. So this entire time,
think about FSD. And remember, digital
Optimus is supposed to run locally on
AI4 inference hardware, not in the cloud
on a virtual machine like Grockbot is
running right now. Now, for Digital
Optimus, Grock is going to be involved
as the high-level orchestrator, if you
will. But the goal is to keep that cloud
thinking and orchestration minimal and
run a majority of the work locally with
Tesla's inference hardware. And the
three biggest reasons for optimizing
like that with digital optimus cost,
latency, and scale. But yes, in Farzog's
defense, there are plenty of
similarities from a user side
perspective. A lot of the differences
might be under the hood, if you will.
But I have to say this is an incredibly
exciting development because this leads
me to believe that a digital Optimus
release, at least in beta form, might
actually come sometime later this year.
And as I've been saying now on and off
for the past year, Digital Optimus, in
my opinion, is the most slept on product
set to come from Tesla. And ultimately,
I don't think it's that close. And it
has the potential to be a meaningful
driver of adoption and market valuation
changes before physical Optimus. And
earlier this year, we talked about how
anybody doubting that Elon and SpaceX AI
will be able to catch up in the AI realm
is foolish. Well, it's all coming to
fruition right now. Gavin Baker said,
"Shiton is one of the best VCs." Who
said, "Incredible achievement by SpaceX
AAI and Cursor. Enterprises and startups
have already figured out Grock is a
great model. The market opportunity is
immense as anthropic continues to be
difficult to work with and is deeply
unreliable as a partner. That after
Gavin said absolute paro dominance for
Grock and Curser even after the open AAI
price cuts, this for Grock 4.6, 6 which
was just released. Gavin said Grock 46
is roughly the same performance as Fable
5 Max at an 85% discount, 80% cheaper
for input tokens and 88% cheaper for
output tokens. Paro dominant. But I
don't love how SpaceX shared this post
comparing Gro 4.6 to GPT and Fable. They
highlighted every data point for Grock
4.6 as if they were leading in every
category. But looking at the numbers,
that's not the case. I mean, look at
this row. 61.3 for 4.6, whereas Fable 5
was up near 65%. So, why is SpaceX AI
highlighting this as if they're leading
in that category? It's not. So, I don't
want to make a mountain out of a
molehill here, but I just don't love how
they presented these numbers. But what
is a solid takeaway is to see the jump
in performance from Grock 4.5 to 4.6. In
short, across the board, based on these
benches, it's an incredible jump. And
today, Elon said, "Grock 47 is
significantly better than 46 and should
be ready in three to four weeks. Initial
training is complete, and now we're
adding a massive amount of SpaceX
company data and supplemental training.
This will be something special." Elon
also said, "Gro 47 will exceed all
current models." That said, Anthropic is
a great company and will probably
release improved models soon. However,
the SpaceX training corpus is so awesome
and unique that I would be shocked if
any model is better at realworld
engineering than 4.7. Ronda Santis held
a press conference this week where he
did highlight both Whimo and Tesla's
Cyber Cab talking about the Sunras
testing grounds in Florida. But the
context that's been widely left out is
that this event was primarily for
testing EV tolls, which is electric
vertical takeoff and landing type
vehicles. and that testing is set to
begin at Sunras in Florida later this
year. But nice to have a prominent
figure talking positively about Whimo
and the Cyber Cab. Speaking of flying
vehicles, Elon just said, "You will get
flying cars." And replying to a post
about the Roadster demo being
unforgettable. Elon said yes. And it's
true. Fron recently said that the
Roadster is coming soon TM. But at this
point, guys, I will believe it when I
see it. And look, would there be a
better time to debut that vehicle than
at an event where Elon and Co are
providing the rationale for why a SpaceX
and Tesla merger or acquisition should
happen? I mean, excitement would be
guaranteed at that one. On the Terraab
and that 3,000 highquality job number in
Texas, Elon clarified that's 3,000 jobs
just for phase 1 of 10, by the way. And
remember, phase 1 is set to cost just
under $17 billion. Of course, not all 10
phases need to cost the same amount. But
there is a reason I said this project
will easily fly past $100 billion of
capex. Tesla app updates is seeing that
the high demand and busier than usual
messaging for robo taxi might be leading
to a virtual booking queue in a future
update. But listen, long-term, no user
is going to want to join a queue and
wait 30 to 60 minutes for a ride. So,
this might be a short-term band-aid, but
long-term this is not going to get the
job done. This image is going around
from Whimo showing its factory in
Arizona with just under 1,000 Ohio
vehicles in the lot. Something to keep
an eye on because this would be in the
neighborhood of 25% of Whimo's entire
deployed fleet. Now, will they be
replacing Jaguar iPaces in a one forone
trade-off, or will these just be added
in addition to? Time will tell. And in
that all hands meeting from Elon and
SpaceX, we did learn they now have over
13 million Starlink broadband customers.
And they did double down, saying that by
the end of next year, they expect to
have 10 gawatts of name plate capacity.
And at that $30 to $50 per watt rate
that Elon mentioned, that could
translate into $300 to $500 billion in
revenue. So, can they bring on nearly an
order of magnitude more compute in the
next 18 months? All I know is it'll be
quite entertaining to see how Elon's
predictions for SpaceX pan out. And
today was a perfect day for the merger
playbook with Tesla closing at $327.51
down 1.59%
while SpaceX closed at $146.15
up 9.65%.
This while the NDX was up 74%. Don't
forget check out Surf Shark linked below
for anybody interested and thank you
guys for supporting the channel in that
way. It truly is the reason I can
continue to do this. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.